MRS. ANSTRUTHER'S DIAMONDS. " Yotr know, dear, we aro not the least bit in love with each other," Lucy Bnssett said, reach ing up to pull my whiskers, and laying a coax: ing cheek against my shoulder. " It would be very foolish for you and me to fall in love with eaoh other, and we just won't — there !" And to einpliusise the declaration, the softest little fingers in the world being still twisted in my whiskers, pulled my face down to a level with liers ; and this girl, who was not tho least bit in lore with me, kissed rac 1 There's a great many different ways of kissing you know. There are cold lips, and dry lips, and oily lips, and lips that glide past your face like ghosts, and lips that you'd rather have a blow than kisses from ; but Lucy's kisses were liko half- opened rosebuds, at five o'clock of a Juno morning. Lucy herself was a whole garden of roses — dew, colour, fragrance, and all. When she looked at you, you felt as if your whole heart was exhaling at your eyes j and 'when she smiled upon you, it did not' matter what sort of thunder and lightning there was in any other part of the globe, it was distilled sunshin0 where fyou were. I don't know if Lucy were pretty, but she has a lot of pretty clmracteris" tics. She was all quality, like a golden wine . that is bettor tho longer you keep it, and that gets a now flavour every time you taste it — a moro molten sparkle every time it drips over the beaker's brim. The beauty of her oyes was in their expres sion: of her hair, in its brightness. Her face was a blossom, her hands birds, and if the white wings of her fingers fluttered across your hori zon, you might as well be blind for all seeing ' anything else but her. In short, you seo I was . in love with Lucy, if Lucy was not in love with . mo ; and it is my private opinion we were very much in love with each, otlior, in spito of Mrs. Anstrutlior's parting admonition, thut wo wcro on no account to commit so absurd a blunder. Lucy and I were both orphans. Lucy was own nieco to Mrs. Anstruther, whom she called Aunt Doria, and whoso prospective heiress she was supposed to be, provided always she mar-- riod to please licr. I was nephew to Mrs. Anstruthcr's husband, who was dead, and heir to nothing hut my wits a rathor slender property, Lucy derisively assured me, and scarcely likely to yield an in- eomo equal to the probable doniaud of a pair so oxtrav&gantly; inclined as we. " So you see it would never, never do, "'Lucy would say, with a roguish pout of her rosy lips at me, "and Annt Doria needn't be one bit afraid, as- far as I am concerned." \- Aunt Doria had been absent from the Grovo some three weoks now, summoned away by tho illness of a friend, just as I had got myself com fortably bestowed in lier best chamber, with u dislocated shoulder, which injury had been re ceived in a strugglo with a refractory steed which had tried to run away with Miss Lucy. Mrs. Anstruther was warranted in considering ... the . incident as dangerously romantic in its tendencies, and slio left us together at tho Grovo with manifest reluctance. She had, how ever, groat confidcnco in Lucy, and she gave licr distinctly to undorstahd, in my presence, that if we two made such ninnies o'f ourselves as to turn lovers while she was gone, wo should never sec the colour of her monoy, cither of us. Well, for some days I, lor one, felt like little else hut groaning : and then gradually I became conscious of a velvet' touch that swallowed pain, of a hovering face that might havo' been an- angel's, of a voice deliriously attuned; that chorused . all sorts of soothing and coaxing speeches, with a dear." I was .petted and :babied and pitied to an extent that- I don't mind confessing hero, and it was tho moans of .any pretending sick ii trifle longer than was really necessary ; but I don't think many would have blamed me, under tho circumstances. "The consequence was, that I was only fairly established downstairs again when Mrs. An struther returned. Slie eyed Lucy and inc very sharply, and wo two bore the inspection with great ddmureucss till, chancing to . encounter , glances, a spark from Lucy's rougishness lit on . me, and we wont off, into explosions of lauglitor that nearly took .Mra. Aiisljptkcr off licr 1'ect witli amazemoiit.,- .However, slio laughed too presently, and in thq; somo; breath announced that company was" coming, to the Grove tho fol lowing week.,. j .. ; .' Shall I go, Mrs. Anstruthor ?' I asked. , "I am siifficiontlyrecpvorpdj.Iitliink;' ' - / v-( 'Certainly .not,';;; slio., .answered sharply.7 .Whatever mischief isdono can't; bornade any worao by .your staying;- and it; might; bo aswoll besides, , for Lucy ; to liavo. : an opportunity i of comparing ;.you; with other Jpeoplc. .Ifj nrii-.nofc mistakon, she, wiUknbw:a'go'ntleman when slio .sees kina." .-.a.-ii I si:, .:> ( ' If ,-I , don't, t Auiitj! -it ;;won'tr,bO: the. fault of Folix here,'; spoke; Lucy, looming >wiflly, beside me, and slyly. pinehingiiny anni ,. ; . , 'Ta ta, Miss Impertinence; Felix, is very well, but wait till next week.' . I presume I shall, and considerably longer, Lucy answered, saucily. ' Miss Lucy Basset, I should like to know what this means ?' demanded Mrs. Austruthcr loftily. , 'Nothing, very serious; does it, Felix?' laughed Lucy. 'We were too well warned Aunty, dear. ' I don't know about tliut,' said Mrs. Anstru ther, sailing from the room in a very evident passion, and sending for me to her apartment a half-an-liour after. I submitted to the curious tirade that fol lowed, with mingled irritation and goad humour and offered at least six times in tho course of it to leave the Grovo that very day. But Mrs Anstruther would not licar of sueh a proceed ing. Lucy was waiting 011 the landing outside when I loft licr aunt, and ns she stood 011 tip toe to whisper in my ear, 'You don't mind, do you, dear?' and left the warm print of rosy lips on my cheek, I can assure ybii I did not mind so much as I might. When I left Mrs. Anstruther, I had fully in tended to quit tho Grove, whether or not, the following day, but the lmlf-dozon words with Lucy loft me undecided again. I was an idiot for staying, first because I was deliberately sacri ficing a very pretty prospect in life by not going, and second, because I might have known before hand what sort of an experience the next week's would be likely to be. But mon are idiots when a pretty girl is concerned, and I was a great deaf more bewildered with Lucy than I own to my self. I spoiled my own uicss, too, with my conceit. I air. willing to own that men aro more conceited tliau women, but then thoy havo so much moro to niako them so. Why, only think of one woman like Lucy Bassett milking ' sweet eyes' at you. I am willing to own, at this day, that I had not at thut timo one misgiving as to how it was likely to turn witli Lucy and mo if I stayed. My going or staying wus a mere question of self- abnegation. Should I stay and win tho girl who loved me in tho liiee of Mrs. Anstruthcr's threats of poverty and starvation ; or slionld I gener ously leave licr to forgot mo as fast as she could' and bestow licr mutchlossncss upon some prince of tho crew that were coming to the Grove tho following week. I was not generous. I did not at all rolisli ' being forgotten and I stayed. Mrs. Anstruthcr's company came in due time — a houseful of them to — gentlemen and ladies; I gome married, somo single ; tho young ladies pretty creatures enough, and the gentlemen good talkers and well dressed, I understood long bofore tho passago of tho first day, wlnit Mrs. Anstruther meant by her talk, about gentlemen. Slio meant men who owed their right to ho ranked above tho 1 picks' to their tailor. My best coat was of last year's cut, and a trifle seedy, having done duty alter nately as every day gear and Sunday toggery My boots wcro neither patent leather nor'mo- rocco, and my unmentionables, though as well kept as could possibly ho oxpcctad under the circumstances, had quite lost that beautiful shapeliness of limb -which characterised those of Mr. Anstruthcr's guests. In vain I kept repeating to myself, ' A man's a man, for a' that, ' and ' Dress doosn't make tho man.' I was humilintingly sure that I wasn't half a man, bccnuso of my seedy garb. Mrs. Anstruther watched nic, and, I felt, re joiced at my discomfiture, what she could sec of it. . . Out . of. sheer revengo, I dovoted inysolf to Lucy. Secure in Lucy's fondness for me, I took airs upon myself, and for every sneer I imagined flung at my clothes, I managed to make Lucy snub the sneorer. I don't know quitohow it was. I think I had taken a little too much: winot liait evening, and there was a Count Leopold Kcirstwliowus espe cially affected by Mrs. Anstruthor for Lucy, liud who was nothing loatli himself. - The man was the merest dandy, empty headed as a rattlo-box, positively nothing but clothes and titlo ; but be cause I hated liim for daring to aspire to Lucy, I insisted upon her openly insidting him, by danc ing with.nio when slio had promised him, anil, they liad oven got their places upon1 tlie floor. I suppose I - was mad witli -jealousy, envy, and wine; and I saw Mrs. Anstruther shaking ' lor Load at Luey from ii combr. I insisted tliat Lucy should dancc. with 111c instead of the count, and , she refused, of course.7' -. Half-a'n-liour aftowards, eiirpefc bag in hand, I lbft.:thc house, and by morning -was miles 011 my journey city-ward. I had recovered my: senses by tlint time, and ' was sufficiently conscious what an idiot' I had ; made of- niyself. fl:. \ i r.'WtpvprjCoiicoit; was .left;. in ,iiie titan was' taken out of ine bofore tlio day was done,' : 'Aslgot off the' cars at 'noon, a strange man ; putliis hand. ,011 my shoulder.., Ji was arrested for stealing Mra. Anstrutlier's diamonds. She had telegraphed to havo it done, and Lucy had not hindered her. It was odd, but I never felt myself more a man than at that moment. Tho touch of that torriblo finger of disgrace was like tho pick of a- surgeon's lancet to a swooning conscience. By noon of the next day, Mrs. Anstiutlicr herself came to tho city to mo in my prison cell. The woman was positively wild about her dia monds. ' Only give them back to me, Felix, and I won't prosecute the thing. I've got money enough to hush tho matter, and I will ; and I'll set you up in business, besides. Only give me back my diamonds, Felix. How could you have the heart to touch them ? Why, man, they'vo been in the family moro than two hundred years. Mr::. Anstruther wrung her hands wildly as she pleaded, and clung to mo when I would have risen from my chair. ' Madame,' said I ', you will never see your diamonds more if tho return of them depends upon nic.' ' You ungrateful boy !' I smiled. ' I am awaro that I owe Mrs. Anstruthor one debt which it will be impossible for me to re pay-' ' Do you moan Lucy, Sir ? Give mo back my diamonds, and you shall oven liavo her.' ' Madam? values licr diamonds at a curious price.' ' Do you mean to keop them in the faco of everything ? What good will tlicy ever do you now ?' ' Madam forgets that thcro is a limit to dur ance vile even for stealing diamonds. Many a man lias toiled longer and harder for a fortune liko that.' Mrs. Anstruther thought I was in earnest- Her faco whitened, and she trembled with agita tion. ' Well, then, Felix,' sho said, ' if you aro -so linrd as that, I must leave you to that law. I should lmvo liked to save tho diamonds, and avoid tho disgrace to the family. But you will not permit mo.' To he continued.) 