OPENING OF TUB BALLARAT FREE LIBRARY. SIR REDMOND BARRY'S ADDRESS., (from THE BALLARAT STAR, JAN. 4.) The following is the address prepared by Sir Redmond Barry for delivery at the open- ing of the Ballarat Free Library on Friday last :- Mr. Mayor, Ladies, and Gentlemen,-It is to me a source of unmixed pleasure, the en- joyment of which will not be limited to the fleeting hour, to bave been honoured with an invitation to assist to-day at the opening of your Free Public Library. To have been asso- ciated with you, Mr. Mayor, and your respected colleagues of the committee, on the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of this building, was a compliment of which you may believe me to be ever duly sensible. To see your en- terprising labours brought to completion in so short a time, in a style which contributes so satisfactorily to the architectural embellish- ment of your town, to be received in a cham- ber so spacious, so commodious, so well stored already with so many books, chosen with such creditable discrimination, is gratify- ing to me in the extreme. You will allow my thanks to precede my warmest congratula- tions. In a town so pre-eminently remarkable for industrial vitality as Ballarat, where each day brings to light new projects, blazing forth enticing share-lists in companies with limited liability for the exploration of exhaustless mines of incredible richness, this goodly as- semblage betokens a healthful condition of the body politic. Here, where we close with full hearts the volume of the departing year, in which are inscribed our sorrows and our joys, when about to enter into new vows of conduct for the year now dawning on us, the performance of a work of this kind, which promises no golden dividends to swell a bank account, deserves to be regarded with the re spectful admiration which it commands. We may feel that your aims are for something higher than the mere accumulation of the "yellow, glittering, precious gold" -that you know'the right use of what has been so bounteously bestowed on you. This is, in- deed, an interesting interlude in the exciting turmoil of your week-day existence. It is an interval of graceful repose in the drama of toil burdened life. When, therefore, on an occa- sion such as this, we can abstract our minds from the ledger and the desk, and expatiate on things outside the verge of our immediate affairs, we may, by a natural train of reasoning, arrive at the conclusion that the promotion of an object such as this is one of the most useful forms of development which the well-directed intelligene 0f your community could assume. For there is, per- haps, no feature of society of the age in which we live more strongly marked than the great desire for knowledge of every kind which pervades all classes. The appetite for know- ledge increases as it is partially gratified ; and the gratification of it, instead of leading to satiety, makes it more voracious-yet more dainty,' and ever clamorous for a higher order of food. Happily for us, the controversy as to the expediency of confining learning to the rich, and the imprudence or impolicy of en- trusting it to those in tho humbler walks of life, supposed unable to understand or make a right use of it, is now closed - to the entire confusion of those prophets of evil con- sequences which it was predicted must flow from educating the masses. Many of us can recollect the lamentations of those alarmists of the old school, and it seems strange that the race of apostles of ignorance was not effectually silenced, and for ever, by the pregnant sentences of Archbishop Cranmer, uttered more than 300 years ago, preserved by his biographer (Strype, vol. I, p. 127). Your indulgence will allow me to transcribe them. In the year 1540 a change was made in the Cathedral of Canterbury, and prebendaries, canons, choristers, and scholars were sub -stituted for monks. A question arose as to the election of scholars, and some of the com- missioners, amongst whom were the arch- bishop, Lord Rich, Chancellor of the Court of Augmentations ; Sir Christopher Hales, the King's Attorney-General ; and Sir Anthony Sentleger would have none admitted but sons or younger brethren of gentlemen. As for husbandmen's children, tbey were more meet, they said, for the plough and to be arificers than to occupy the place of the learned sort. Whereupon the Most Reverend Father the' Archbishop, being of a con- trary mind, said- ''He thought it not in- different so to order the matter, for poor men's children are many times endued with more singular gifts of nature, which are also the gifts of God, as with eloquence, memory, apt pronunciation, sobriety, and such like, and also more apt to apply their study than is the gentleman's son delicately educated." Hereunto it was upon the other part replied "That it was meet for the ploughman's son to go to the plough, and the artificer's to apply to the trade of their parents' vocation, and the gentlemen's children are meet to have the knowledge of government and rule in the commonwealth; for we have as much need oí ploughmen as any other sort, and all sorts herein as needful in a common- wealth ; but yet utterly to exclude the plough- man's 'son and the poor man's son from the benefit of learning, as if they were unworthy to have the gifts of the Holy Ghost be- stowed upon them as well as upon others, is as much as to say that Almighty God should not be at liberty to bestow His great gifts of grace upon any person, nor nowhere else, but as we and other men shall appoint according to our fancy, and not according to His most Godly will and plea- sure, who giveth His gifts, both of learning and other perfections in all sciences, unto all kinds and states of peoplo indifferently. . . . Therefore, if the gentleman's son be apt to learning, let him be admitted : if not apt, let the poor man's child that is apt enter in his room." If such admirable, such large souled sentiments ought too regulate those to whom is confided the direction of the primary tuition of youth, are we to trammel by vexa- tious-prohibitions, by restrictions expensive, cumbersome, and useless, the government of institutions like these, intended for men re- sponsible in' every sense to every agency re- cognised as affecting the society in which they move? Nevertheless, there still linger in existence timid philanthropists, perpetually alarmed at the seductions, as tbey call them, from honest labour, presented by public libra- ries ; who condemn the freedom of admission, the honourable confidence reposed in readers, and lament the inducements to waste time in the perusal of unprofitable, trashy books. We might meet the first objection by the sober inquiry if it be true ?--if it be the fact that men, who can readily earn from 6s. to 10s. a day, are indeed such bibliomaniacs, and whether they do throw up or avoid engage- ments from which they derive support for themselves and their wives and families (if they have any) to become such ill-timed students ? Now, if there ever were a country in which this objection is inapplicable, it is in this. The hours of labour reduced to eight leave to artisans, tradesmen, and other dwellers in towns a very large portion of the remainder of the twenty-four virtually unoccupied. The high rate of remunera- tion for every kind of labour places within the reach of all means to indulge in the sensual excesses so destructive to health, strength, and reputation-temptations to which are so numerous on all sides. How is this leisure to be disposed of? In the public- house, the singing-hall, the dancing-saloon, which hold but seductions somewhat more danger- ous, methinks, to honest labour than those presented by a library ; or in listless inaction, in weary unoccupied.solitude? That can- not be. While man is a social animal society he must have, and better a thousand times that he should seek relief from the tedium of unemployed hours in the improving conver- sation of worthy authors, dead or living, than in the debasing, brutalising communications from which it is so difficult otherwise to escape. We may well rejoice, then, when we see a room such as this filled with atten- tive and reflective readers. And when wot occasionally recognise at an unusual hour in the day time the well-known faco of an habitual evening visitor, we may feel assured, without inquisitive intrusion "upon him for tho causé, that ho can supply a reason which i-ellects u.ion bim no kind of discredit as a deserter, from his necessary avocation. Re- specting tho freedom of admission,itseoms not only one of the most unreasonable of objec- tions, but singular enough to say, it is only to bo heard of in this land of wide equality. Elsewhere it is made matter of astonishment and of envy that a peoplo whoso time is sup- posed by thoso ignorant of our real position to bo altogether engrossed in the pursuit of wealth, relieved only by periodical political . convulsions, can nevertheless expend £70,000 in tho erection of a freo library in its metro- polis, and place 47,000 volumes of choice nnd-valuablo books at the disposal of 200,000 visitors in tho course of onoyear. You will not object to hear tho terms1 in which wo aro spoken of in a country tho circumstances of which resemble in many particulars those by which wo are surrounded. The extract from the 15th annual report of tho Mercantile Library Association of tho City and County of San Francisco, California, 18G8 :-" As a specimen of'what a young population can do, wo refer, almost enviously, to a cataloguo lately received from the Melbourne Public I Library. It is true that that establishment ¡ has a wenlth created by Government muni- ficence ; but an institution upon which, for , building and books, the amount of over bah , a million of dollars has been expended during ¡ a period of ten years, in addition to all that ' single generosity and effort have performed, ¡ might well make us jealous of the reputation of our entire state for intelligent generosity." Some abuses of the privilege of free admission may be easily corrected by a firm adherence to your regulations. If your visitors will not , qualify by a decent attention to their persons, by respect for the feelings of others in ab- staining from habits which offend against delicacy ; if they will not conform to the rules of behaviour prescribed for their com- fort and convenience as well as of those around them, they cannot complain if they are excluded from these walls. If they disregard your right of property and steal your books, let them bo punished as they deservo to bo, and let those who have the management of these institutions consider well whether they cannot devise some means of holding up to public reprobation, and of meting out exem- plary and ignominious chastisement to those guilty of a moro insidious injury than opon theft of a volume-thoso who cut out para- graphs or articles from scientific works (no common men these) that they may earn some imaginary triumph in a newspaper cor- respondence by the exclusive possession of what has been gained through the disgraceful act of felonious plagiarism of double dye-of the author's ideas, and of the vehicle through which they aro promulgated-who with, a selfish meanness more dastardly still excise prints and illustrations from rare books, which it is impossible to replace here. Against such men, who have not the poor excuse of the hypocrite, pretending poverty and ex- tenuating his petty laicency under the subter- fuge of the want of bread, it ia most difficult to DO prepared, however constant the vigilance. Still, although a few representatives of this most disreputable and odious band of pilferers molest us occasionally, are all the honest and the true to suffer an abridgement of their just rights in consequence of indiscriminating suspicion including them in the criminal class? Let me presume to answer ¿or you emphatically, No ¡-certainly not. Tho, rigor- ous visitation of the law and the untvorsal execration of all insulted by such conduct will suffice. Mcanwhilo, let the innocent remain unscathed by tho imputation. The insinuation of the waste of timo in the perusal of unprofitable, trashy books, must be mot also by the inquiry, "What does the expres- sion mean "i" It is not to bo presumed that those honoured with the management of this institution could bo so destitute of acquaint- ance with the calibre of mind of the public for whom they cater as to allow its shelves to be occupied with such works. From my in- spection of them, careful and scrutinising, it may be confidently asserted that of the 5,000 volumes, the use of which is so liberally offered to the public, there is not one of an avowedly hurtful character; while very many of the highest order of useful literature aro by their costliness altogether beyond tho reach of the vast bulk of the leading population. But why this indignant crusade against classes of works at the least harmless awl en- tertaining, «ven though their aim may not openly he that of positivo instruction in some particular branch of abstruse learning ol- ia vourito doctrine? Men's minds are not cast in ono mould-what charms one may repel another-nor is one man's mind at all times in the same frame. It will vary as the cloud of adversity lowers over him, or the sunshine of well-being smiles upon him. It will vary with the tone of his bodily health. Of the men who will avail themselves o£ the privilege of admission to this library many will have been educated at different schools, in different countries, under different habits of thought ; many may bo self- educated ¿ all are not approachable thiough tho direct avenue of cold, stern reason. Variety must therefore bo provided. It is a question, moreover, whether tho causo of religion itself, of temperance, or of any other vii tue, which it is desirable to inculcate through secular channels, can be most effectually promoted by tendering to all readers aliko, under all circumstances, and at all sea- sons, works exclusively devoted to the treat- ment of thoso subjects and of none other. As tho Rev, Henry Allon informs us, when the excellent John Wesley was told that one of his preachers made it a boastthat he nover read any book except his Bible, his reply was, "We may expect to hear that he will soon cease to read that." Persons of wavering íeligious principles aro not always to be cap- tivated by a tiact. Thoso who partako too freely of intoxicating drink are not usually allured by a Rechabite lecture. AVheioas works professedly on other topics, which, under tho garb of fiction, narrative, or de- scription, introduce sound doctrine, moral instruction, or persuasive argument, may win the attention and operate moro powerfully on the mind of tho materialist, tho indifferent, tho libertine, or the drunkard, than austeio volumes for which, at the outset of their speak in disparaging teims of the cheap hteiaturo ot the present day. Hero, again, discernment is requiied, for it ¡3 only to Bceotian dulness or to culpable preju- dice that a sweeping condemnation of hooks of that nature can bo ascribed. A vindica- tion of the merits of (what aro termed) " popular works" is not called for now, but the zenith and the nadir aro not more far apart than the vile ti ash and ribald effusions given forth by those who trade upon the igno- rance and licentious pi opensities of the vulgar, be they rich or poor, and tho books carefully prepared with a sacred regard for the moral edification, as well as the material instruction, of the people. A bare allusion to the name of the fervid veteian Brougham and his zea- lous coadjutors, of thoso ot Herschel, Airey, Whéwcll, Whateley, Brewster, De Morgan, Lindley, with a galaxy of fino spirits who have lendercd intelligible and familiar sciences pieviously sealed to the majority of the pre- sent geneiation, as well as of those of Con- stable, Lardner, Chambers,' Cassell, and a host of cnterprisine compilers and publishers who have devoted their lives and employed their capital in giving circulation in cheap form to the choicest standard writers of post ages, and to tho produclionsof the pen of tho modern historian, philosopher, traveller, economist, and moiahst, should suffice to put such detractors out of couit at once.. Why, then, this insatiable desire for superintend- ing the studies of our guests? The majority of mankind will not become painful students, and are wo to attempt to make them all philo- sophers? There must be horns of relaxa- tion ; theso must bo lecruited by what re- lieves the mind fiom the stern exactions of business. Prurient tempeis may skulk to gloat in private, unobserved, over baso and impuro thoughts perpetuated by a prostitu- tion of the talents destined one might imagine for a moro decent use, but thoso who como heie to read their own books, pro- vided for therh by the pntdont dispensers of public funds, requiie no screen to hide their studies from tho broad daylight of tho public gaze. Are they then to he diagooued into a formal couiso of compulsory solf-im provement? Books .ree fiom demoralising or dangeious principles aie supplied, let them be ,used without interference or dictation. In physical life nature displays a marvellous faculty for assimilation of what is wholesome and nutritive, and for tho rejection of what is baneful to tho system. There are few well legulated minds in which a similar compen- sating principle is not to be found. Though it bo doubtless true .that peoplo cannot ho, much Avisor or better by acquiring a vague, superficial smattering of knowledge, we may give our readers credit for common sense-wo may rest assured that they will not select for ftudy what they cannot undeistand. AVhat you have collected for them here will do them no haim, aud, unless their perceptions be woefully blunted and perverted, must do them good. And, finally, without descending to recrimination, it might perhaps be affirmed that the truly unprofitable, tho mawkish, tho falsely exaggerated style of writing of modern times, is found rather in private reading clubs and societies, on the tables of drawing-rooms -possibly in the holy places of such censors, than on thoshelves of our freo public libiaries. What, howovcr, may bo asked is sought by you beyond making provision for tho recrea- tion, or self-imposed instiuction, be it light or grave, as caprice may affect them, of thoso who may frequent this hall 'Your aspirations must bo soriously nrisapprcbonded if it bo assumed that no higher motivo bo yours than that of entering into sentimental oppo- sition with a gin-palace. This work which you have engaged in should bo acknow- ledged to bo a philosophic recognition, and a faithful discharge of that obhgation which I not morely binds those who may bo per- mitted to movo for a few more short years Avithin the direct influences of this institu- tion, but which linlts tho past with the pre- sent, the prcsont with the futuro, and com- plotes the chain of eternal time. It 13 a trite saying, that Australia has mo histoty. Whether uttered in disparagement or com- miseration is immaterial,' for in cither sense it is equally unsound. It disregards the principles which should moko tho history of mon embraco all common to humanity, and dAvarfs it to the dimensions of a pariah îcgistcr. If unmindful of the lofty sentiment of tho Roman ,poet~-Homo sum, humani niliil.a,me alienum puto(Terence Heaut,l,t 1, 25)-it bo uttered in the former spirit, oro ' we to be divorced from all that connects us, with¡ the countries from which we have coma? True indeed it is that, in contrast' with other ports of the-earth, the darkness of ?unillumined human intellect moy have brooded over this fair- continent for an un- usually long time, still history consists not of years or centuries, of Olympiads or lustrums, but of events. That of our.connexion with this land is not without its special interest. The history of other peoples has its eras of tedious infancy, insecure youth, wanton man- hood, and helpless old age. Incertain periods, when the ovil passions of mankind havo been predominant, history has been- alas, too often ! -stained with long accounts of desolating wars, undertaken either to enslave other nations, to tread out the ombers of freedom, to gratify a lust for power, or to feed the appe- tite of bigotry, intolerance, or pride. For- tunately for us the pagos of ours aro as yet unsullied by such records. But when tho kindlier elements of a divine nature have been in tho ascendant these have produced results which are perennial, imperishable, nay, reproductive, expanding into a growth which adopts itself to all ages, to every clime, to every new association of the human family. Thus we may apply the ever memo- rable words of Pericles in lus funeral oration over his Athenian fellow-countrymen :-" Of illustrious men," says he, "the whole earth is the sepulchre, and not only dees tho in- scription upon columns in their own country testify to this, but of their greatness is found a monument in every land, an unwritten memorial in every heart." [Thucid. 2,44.) And uniting in a population so composite as is ours the qualities, the memories, the traditions not of a single people, but of all which repre- sent civilisation ; formed, like that of Great Britain itself, of the sons of many soils, it may be said without presumption that we have come into the possession of our estate in the full vigour of matured manhood, with, for our guidance, all the material advantages which the ripe experience of other nations in affairs social, commercial, scientific, practical, affords ; and for our inheritance, all which in religion, charity, literature, and the arts, cultivates, refines, and gives dignity to mau. Havo wo not, then, a smile for such com- miseration! In the migrations of ancient times, the household gods aud the statues of heroes accompanied the adventurous wanderers, The Greek of Asia, of Africa, of Sicily, of Naples, of Marseilles, be- thought him with a patriotic glow of his Homer, his jEschylus, Miltiades, Aristides, Phidias, or Zeuxis. The Roman of Gaul, of Germany, of Spain, of Britain, looked back with equal delight on those simple and hardy predecessors who had scorned the yoke of kingly tyranny, and raised to its proud pre-eminence the power of the commonwealth. So in like manner our new compatriots, who enjoy with us the same freedom, engage themselves in the same toils, who are affected by tho liko trials, touched by the like sympathies, bave brought with thom the revered names of their illustrious men, now common to us all alike, to be enshrined amongst us with our Bacon, Shakspoio, Milton, Newton, and the other countless men who have rendered Britain glorious. Wo may now have visibly before us the noble acts of patriotism, heroism, piety, and virtue, not of tho narrow aica of our own Britain-fertile as it is in great names-but those which adorn the history of all lands represented amongst us. Wo may disown a heritage in the deeds of oppression, cruelty, and crime, which, local in their influences, may be relegated to tho spots in which they were enacted, and claim a purer, holier endowment in the lovo of fieedom, of older, and self-re- spect-in all that is exalted, great, and good which antiquity has bequeathed to us. And where can the testimony of these, virtues be preserved more suitably than in public libra- ries, free of access to all who esteem such re- collections, who desire that their minds may bo refreshed, and their principles confirmed by intcicourse with the great exemplars, in which " Conducted by historic truth, You tread tho long extent of backward timo." | Thomson.] in entering on the threshold of which you feel conscious of the thoroughness of tho poet's sentiment " Tlie p'aco that does contain My booVs, my best companions, is to mo A glorious court, where hourly I converse With the old sages and philosophers ; And sometimes, for variety, I confer With Ungs and emperors, and neigh their counsels, Calling their \ictories, ii unjustly got, Unto a uti let account, and in my fancy Difnco them as ill-placod Btotues." [Beaumont and Flotclicr.J and in which the copious stores of accumu- lated instruction which modern ingenuity, sagacily,,and discernment give to the world almost daily, find an appropriate place. As the eloquent Channing observes:-"In the best books the best men talk to us, givo us their most precious thoughts, and pour their âmiln Wnniira finrl hi» thaiikpH for hnnl-i ! ead, and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages," Or in tho quaint words of Richard 3c Bury :-"They aro tho masters who instruct you without rods, withoutanger, and without rewaid. If you approach them, they arc not asleep ; if you interrogate them, they do not hide themselves ; if you are igno- rant, they do not laugh at you." So much for tho past, ga/ed on by the hind- most face of Janus. Of tho present, it be- hoves us to speak with diffidence aud modesty. Voluntary immigration has, within the brief space of the third of allotted human existence, drawn together the ma- jority of our population to these shores, re- taining still the fondest affection for the scenes and associations of our youthful days, but undepressed by the craving heart-sickness which weighs down tho spirit and unnerves the energy of the exile. We are assembled in a country rich in all to encourage and reward industry-all that can make life useful and respected-all that, under the direction of a wiso and just Providence, can render man grateful, obedient, and contented-a country " Where nature pours lier bouillies forth With such a full and umvithdrawing hand." [Conius.] -a country of which appears to have been written with prophetic inspiration. ..That no corner might Bo vacant of her plenty, in her loins She hutch'U the all-worshipped oro and proclous géras To store her children v. Uli." The oppoitunities presented to enterprise and continuously sustained exertion havo not been disregarded j of this ampio proofs aie given on all hands. The activity displayed in our harbours and towns, in the conduct of rural operations of cvory description, ci owned this year with an abun- dance unexpected - tho opening of now branches of manufacturing "industry, esta- blished thistodemonstiation. But most con- spicuously is it seen in your wealthy and nourishing city. As far, then, as material progress and success aro represented by our labours, wo may without unseemly.' ostenta- tion comparo ourselves with the other hardy children which Britain, tho mother of nations cherishes in her bosom, or gives to reproduce her greatness in her outlying possessions in the remote corners of the earth. How far wo UTC redeeming the pledges imposed on us by the oppoitunities which prosperity creates, and fulfilling the mission» which each in his sphere of duty has to fulfil, is'not for mo to say< Beyond secular and temporal matters it is not my province to lead you ; but what o field does tho subject of education em- brace? The vista through which the oye is led, from the hour of lisping infancy to that of adolescence, is broken by many an object which tho solicitude of parents and lelations has caused to intervene. These havo each their several uses, but they are overleaped, and the scene is closed by tho edifico which crowns the view. Tho hall in which the people combine to lay up stores of intellectual wealth, not provided for tho amusement of amateurs and' dilettanti, but of which all ora invited freely to> partake. If it may be íccorded of this generation that it provided means of education {or the middle aged and the old, as well as for the young, it will have acquitted itself of one of the most burdensome debts which it owes to posterity. Of .the arts which embellish life, fostered under the sustaining influence of those who, vtitjh cultivated minds,and refined leisure, can and will apply superfluous wealth to the' development of genius, wd cannot yet say much. At these our hard-worked community ha$ not yetarrived. Not of poetry alono may it with truth bo said, Vacua carmina mentis opus. The aphorism applies also to the kindred arts, her graceful associates. But they will come in ducseasonto llourish withhealthy natural vigour in a congenial soil, fostered'by such a gonorous culturo as that which has called into existence this building, and stimu- lated with such remarkable success tho foun- dation of this institution. Of the future it is not given to man to speak with certainty, yot thó least observant cannot fail to be struck with tho necessity to prepare for.changes to come. Already, not far horn two millions of European descent are scatteied, literally broad cost, over Australasia. AVhen community of interest and of feeling shall have welded these separato provinces into a confederation uko the Dominion of Canada, bolder views of in tcrnal as well as of relativo and mutual duties must 'bo takon. Whqt has been achieved by your generous perseverance-not yetaccom- i pushed in many an ¡ancient city in Great Britain-may impose tn obligation to emulate you and imitate elsewhere around us what you , nave done. Then will be acknowledged the undeniable truths that the education of ' man virtually begins when ho arrives at manhood ; that, hovfever well he may have been prepared by initiatory training, it is when forced to wrestle daily with his fellow men in business, in A profession, or in pub- lic affairs, that tho .value of that training, the weight and influence of his integrity and foice of character, wal bo tested ; that to win eminence he must «vcr continue a patient and untiring student; and that to enable him to pursue efficiently that course in countries the circumstances affecting which must for some timd be anomalous, institu- tions of this kind must bo multiplied. It does not become me to detain you longer from participation | in the festivities ap- pointed for this auspicious day. Tho year ÎSG8 has closed happily upon you, 1869 opens welL In the forefront of the good doods calculated to make it memorable is the in- auguration of your Free Public Library. Let me ask you to join nie in hoping that in its establishment and administration you may realise the fullest mcasuro of expected bone fits and blessings, and beg that you will ac- cept from mo for yourselves my respectful good wishes._ 