-""-RE-VACCINATION. To the Editor of thtEtrald. .... รง,B_I regret that Dr. Lindeman should have lost his temper over my letters, and have adopted the legal in insertion, " When you have no case, abuse your adversary." Bli former letters were a mere tissue of assertions to those in his last he has added sneers and misrepresentations, and I do not perceive that he has benefited his case thereby. Were it not for these misstatements, unscrupulously made in order to mislead, I should not have deigned any reply; and I can assure you that this is the last time I shall trouble you on the subject Dr. Lindeman's letter is so nebulous and disconnected that I can only answer it by going through its statements seriatim. He commences by sheer No. 1. He "presumes" that Dr. Fyffe has deputed Dr. Pringle to support his theory." The partnership bet A'ecn myself and Dr. Fyffe terminated in March ; we have not now one interest in common, and Dr. Fyffe was not aware of my intention of writing, until he saw my letter in your columns. It is certainly new to me, and I should hope to every member of the profession, to hear that " Cecloy," of 41 Aylesbury ; " " Hearn," of Wurzburg ; " Sir Thomas Watson, physician to the Queen ; " Churchill," of Dublin : Erasmus Wilson, and "Charles West," were old obsolete writers," authors " of exploded theories." Dr. Lindeman says their instincts nearly suffocated him ! Was it not his conscience that choked him when he penned such a deliberate attempt to mislead the public? " Proh prior" Dr. Linde- man! we shall have you gravely informing us next that Dr' Paget" and " KbUikcr," "Murchison" and "Virchow," "Burdon Sanderson" and "Brown-Sequard" were merely myths ! or that " Hughes Bennett " and " Ambrose Pare," " appalled," "Frere Jacques," and "Grady Hewitt" studied as Rosicrucians together in the sixteenth century. The only writers that I quoted, not now alive and in the foremost ranks of the profession, were "Bryce," "Fisher," and "Alison," and of the latter all Edinburgh mon, at all events, will say that, " being dead, he yet speaketh." Dr. Lindeman says, Dr. Pringle need not have explained that the mark- is valueless per se ! ! What then are we disputing about Have not Drs. Rowling and Lindeman declared " that so long as the mark remains protection is as perfect as it can be." I certainly understood them so, and that this point was the "fine at origin" of our diBOCTco next; and Dr. Lindeman, in the opening paragraph of his letter, repeats the query, " What sign (if no dependence is to be put upon the mark vx bear of vaccination is to be relied upon ? " Dr. Lindeman says he will "answer with pleasure Br. Pringle's direct question," and how does he answer it? By telling me that they are those men " who are held in such estimation at home by the public and the profession, that they are placed in charge of schools," Sec, c; but he does not name one of the men so selected, nor tell us in what way they support his own absurd theory, which he prefers to the obsolete opinions of Cooley." Helen," "Watson," to, Sneer No. 2 is directed against Dr. Pringle's very lucid definition of a Greatrix." Ab the definition I gave was on acknowledged quotation from Professor William Sharpoy, of University College, it is on his broad shoulders, not on mine, that the pointless sarcasm descends. White as to his further sneer at my " physiology " of certain glands" (I was not, by the way, previously aware that the teeth, stomach, bones, c, were glands, but " it is never too late to learn"), I leave the public to decide whether the arguments 1 deduced therefrom or Dr. Lindeman's unsupported in sections or the most reliable. Dr. Linde- man is mistaken if he fancies that the public are to be misled by mere verbiage, or ore to be brought to believe that any amount of reading from " little books on surgery " or physiology will bring him up to the level of the profession. 1 now come to the most serious charge I have to make againSt Dr. Lindeman, one that I would gladly have passed over if possible, and that is, that he has tortured my statement as to the decadence of the preventive power of the lymph used in the Prussian army, into an assertion, that vaccination is yearly becoming of less value Either Dr. Lindeman has read Sir Thomas Watson on this point, and his quotations from " Hearn," or he has not. If he has not, he is not qualified to pronounce an opinion on the matter; if he has, 1 then charge him with actual sup- pi ash very," because both of those eminent though obsa { Utc) authorities, still holding vaccination and revaccination to be of the highest value, distinctly point out that the coke of the progressive failure of the lymph is its dete violation, or rather direction by repeatedly passing through the human body, without renewal from the genuine vaccine vessels of the firm. Br. Lindeman, if he has read these authorities, or any standard authorities at all on the subject; must be perfectly aware of this, and his attempts to pursue my statements are as disingenuous as they are untrue. Failing to produce any authority or even a ghost of on argument himself, he concludes (for his postscript, unless intended as a recantation of all he has previously written, is simply unintelligible) by devolving the duty of produc-. ing facts to his son-in-law, Dr. Rowling; threatening a downpour of the most recent authorities on my devoted head. I await the overwhelming effect of the results of Dr. Rowling's short three years' experience as a London medical student, and meekly bow my neck to the impend- ing blow. And, lastly, 1 answer Dr. Lindeman's first and original question by saying, that I do not know, nor I believe will any honest medical man presume to say, that there is any reliable or infallible sign of primary vaccination continumV ' effectual or having coated to protect. All agree as to the necessity of re-vaccination, but no one pretends to fix any certain and unalterable period. We humbly confess that cured is yet on uncertain one, although proudly progress, ing towards certainly that we are all students striving after truth under the leadership of those obsolete authorities Dr. , Lindeman so contemptuously spurns;, but the end and the certainty is still very far off, and the plaintive words of the Laureate we can only speak " Or what the world shall be When the years have passed away." Yours, c, G. HOGARTH PRINGLE, M.D. Pflrrnmatfa, April 20,1869. . < I'lins letter must close the correspondence, which has, now continued long enough for all public purposes ed. 