COFFEE CULTIVATION. Son the following particulars relating to the growing and manufacturing of coffee, we are indebted to a small work by W H Marsh, published at Colombo 'The work has been placed at our disposal by the Acclimatisation Society, to which it was presented by one of the editors of the Colombo Observer, recently on a visit to Queensland By way of preface, readers are reminded that the coffee plant, although tender in the hands of many who try it here, grows well and fruits free!) with others At the Botanical Gardens the tree has long been grown about two months ago the plants were literally loaded with berries. Mr Worner, of Kangaroo Point, has gone carefully into the cultivation for many years, and has a fine assort- ment of the sea, on several occasions Mr Warner has exhibited the berries, and they have always been commended as of very fine quality Mr Hockings, also, has some fine coffee plants, and, we believe, keeps seedlings in stock at all times During the last three years, friends of ours have got plants from Brisbane for cultiva- tion at the Pine Mountain, Rockhampton, Upper Mary, Port Mackay, and other places, and in many instances they are growing satisfactory). The present is a good time for plant- ing them out, and we believe that those who are disposed to do so vi will gain much practical information from the subjoined remarks of Mr Marsh - The soil best adapted to the cultivation of the coffee tree is the " loose gravelly or stony," and the " chocolate," Put the rice sustains life, and yields fruit, though not to a great extent, in other soils The rich black mould is poor hard) favorable to the coffee tree, and will pro- duct it, like other fruit trees, in perfection in a seasonable climate, but I have seen fields established on rich soils throw out an immense foli- age, always appearing grey n and beautiful, and yet producing no fruit An instance of this kind is to be found in a high field in St David's, culled Windsor A clayey soil harbors damp in wet weather, whilst it becomes) and stone at the opposite change, and slops v ego tation in the tree. It is not unfrequently mixed with a stratum of man, to which he soon as the roots of a tree arrive soon) ensues, the first indication of which is to be observed in the yellow ness of the leaves, which soon become shrivelled, till at length all drop off, nature yields, and life becomes totally extinct In my experience I have been large patches of coffee die out after this manner, without any apparent possibility of accounting for it, but on digging down to the lower roots, the marley stratum of which I have spoken is to be found A plan was resorted to by an experienced planter to re- establish a field which had thus died away He caused a small quantity of white have to be thrown into the hole (which was always dug very large) intended to receive the young plant, together with a portion of the upper soil The tree grew, and here for a scries of years ; but again became the victim of the mark It would therefore appear that the warmth of the time had been absorbed by the chilling dampness of the marly stratum, and that the latter availed itself of its power to communicate its deadly breath to the roots of the tree In virgin lands, after the usual preparation of felling and clearing away the wood, the coffee plant is put in, in the following manner -'The land is lined off into rows of from 6 to 7 feet square, as the richness of the soil and the prospects of climate may warrant. At each square pegs are inserted in the first instance, to denote the spot assigned for the reception of the plant, and the persons engaged in putting in the young suckers follow on with a delve, and as the plug is removed a hole is made about eighteen inches deep, into which the plant is inserted, and the earth piled gently about it, leaving from six to eight inches exposed above the surface of the earth. Formerly it was customary to raise nurseries from the seed, whence a regular supply of young plants could be obtained in the laying out of the now fields ; but these have fallen into disuse, from the quantity of young trees which are to be found growing wild on thrown up roads or plantations, the growth of cherries which are taken from cultivated fields by the birds and rats. The quantity of fruit which is annually lost to properties by sundry causes, such as careless reaping, birds, rats, etc, form of themselves nurseries under the trees, and these furnish plants; Luton all well managed properties, these latter nurseries should be eradicated, as they tend much to impoverish the soil, and to rob the tree of that element which is essentially necessary to its preservation and longevity. The suckers are drawn, trimmed of their roots, and cut about two foot long. Good stout stumps are generally preferred, as they vegetate with greater strength. Plantations were formerly established from the seed in the first I instance ยก but I have not known within the last fifteen years such a course to have been pur I sued. It was customary to plant corn, peas, and provisions through all young fields, till the trees were about three years old is but the great alteration which has taken place in plantation economy since the emancipation, has been such as to abolish this practice. I do not think that either corn or peas do any injury to a young field ; but provisions decidedly tend to exhaust the soil and keep back the young plant. Young fields require immense care, in consoquence of the rankness of the weeds which spring up in all now soils. It therefore becomes necessary to clean them at least four times per annum and at each cleaning it is requisite to supply all the plants which have not taken, in order to ensure a perfect and regular Hold. A small eye is the first symptom of vegetation which attracts the observation, that a bird, a couple of loaves, and joints and leaves follow in the course of nature's operations. The young tree shoots out its lateral branches at each joint, which follow in regular succession till the tree arrives at the height of four feet six inches. It is at this period when science is first called into action, by the topping of the tree, which is performed by cutting off the six inches with a knife, so as to form a tree of four foot. This operation has a wonderful effect on vegetation the branches in their turn begin to throw out buds, which in time become the limbs formed collaterals and in the course of eighteen months, the tree will have arrived at its full bearing point, forming a spectacle of amazing beauty and order, and presenting a remarkable pea-green hue In late years, since virgin lands adapted to the growth of the once tree have become so distant from the works, trials have been made on plantations to establish fields on thrown up lands and old negro grounds. Much success has attended the latter attempt, but the trees do not grow to within one-half the size of those planted on now soils. Lands situate contiguous to the works might be estab ยก lished in coffee by the aid of manure, however poor the soil may be, but immense care and attention will be required to effect it. Trees, after being topped, throw up suckers from each joint, but more especially of the head. Those must be removed at each cleaning, as they grow rank and rob the tree of its support. The wood of a coffee tree is of a greenish color, and rather soft when young ; but as it ripens it assumes a brownish our hardy on parties. In topping young fields this appearance must be strictly attended to, and the trees should not be topped till the wood has ripened at the cutting point. I have known young fields almost ruined by being topped too early, before the wood line sufficiently ripened. As young trees commence being planted, and as they generally boar heavy at the time of topping, it stands to reason that unless the mother stem be sufficiently ripe to bear the weight of the brandies loaded with fruit, (he unripe portion will wear away, and thus the tree and fruit will be destroyed. The most difficult and yet highly important portion of plantation management, consists in the due attention which is required to keep the fields regularly and properly pruned. This is a subject upon which planters are seldom found to agree each one has his own peculiar system of pruning ; some recommend heavy cuttings, others slight pruning, and not a few no pruning at all. Amid such a jargon of opposite opinions, we must adopt the motto in medio talismans. In my opinion, one of the many evils which has been inflicted on this country has resulted from the injudicious and indiscreet mode of management which was pursued upon purnta lions. Whilst large tracts of woodland were at command, little or no attention was paid to the keeping in cultivation of old established fields; these were allowed to run into waste to give place to the large returns which were anticipated from a new and rich soil. Indeed I may safely Bay on this point that the usual in 1 for ma PI his time not Th lea wor of give bar con con lode the ore yie up on the off but no just 'Mc vat the net at not If ful be JP dication of Jamaica characteristics was palpably evident viz., to live for one's self, and not to think of posterity. Acting under this spirit, plantations were run over, and considered worn out in the course of a few years, whilst, with a proper degree of care and precaution, They might have retained their names, and kept up their crops for a series of years. The pruning system til m adopted tended much to accelerate the ruin of proportics. As labor wits abundant, it was customary to commence pruning at an early season, before the crop was taken off, and the destruction of a few Tierces of produce at the fag end of the crop was considered of no consequence, By dint of heavy and severe cuttings, the trees were forced to the utmost of which nature was susceptible into copious vegetation. This exuberance of young wood the tree could not sustain to perfection, and the major portion was therefore consigned, in turn, to the fate of being torn away by the openers to perish, to secure some ventilation for the tree. Thus was that undone which nature had been forced to perform. These heartless blocdingB were repeated year after year till nature was exhausted, and the tree would yield up the ghost. This system of management came under my own observation, which has induced me to allude so pointedly to it, more so as it was set up as the ne plus ultra of premiership by those who had numbered their eighteen and twenty years experience in plantation management. When fields have been neglected for years, it becomes absolutely necessary to resort to severe pruning to re-organise the tree for it stands to reason that constant vegetation irregularly kept up must choke the trees and prevent ventilation s while the decaying and useless branches would still spring, and draw sustenance from the good and regular; and as the tree continues to bear yearly, however little, it must be come one mass of vegetation and irregularity. Such being the case, it is impossible that the bearing wood can attain perfection, but to the rather stinto in its growth, and become useless and unprofitable. There can be no specific rules laid down for the guidance of the uninitiated in the art of prun- ing. General rules might be spoken of, but they are so liable to be interfered with in their application, by constant changes in the climate and the seasons, as to render their intent un- available. In my opinion, the best mode of management is discernible in him who takes advantage of the appearance of nature by an application of his skill, when that is required to assist the tree in nature's operations. The tree, as I have before observed, throws out lateral branches in the first stage of its growth. There are called primaries, and should they be cut off, or broken from the Blom by no cident, their place can never be supplied by a growth of the same kind. Suckers and " or murderers," of which I shall hereafter speak, take their place. The collateral which strike out in a lateral direction from the primaries, subsequently become the legitimate victim of the pruning knife after their bearing. But it often happens that as nature promiscuously supplies this vegetation, a larger crop of col Intel als might be generated, and draw more and- ment from the tree than it is able to support, and bring the fruit to perfection, so it becomes necessary to resort to science, and to select that portion of the wood which is healthy, strong, and regular, and take out the puny, irregular, and superfluous. 