SETTLING THE REPORT. (AT A MEETING O~T IN NO. 2 coula'TIm anoo.) BOO?[,) W.M. in the chair. (From the Ghost.) W. B.'D.--Wo have the game in our own hands this time, Old Boy I' ll find the legal ingredients, and polish up the heavy shafts of the Chairman. Our Reverend Father here will take in hand' the 'pious part of the story, and it will be strange, if, with our combined' wits, we don't takeo in the House. Father D.-Tho moral law cleerly sup. ports us. It is for the public good that that this man Parkcs should beo got rid of. We are bound to obey the moral law in do:ng what is clearly :for the publio good. WV. F.--I'vo roughed out areport already, which, I think--perhps you may not all agree with me-meeoots the ease. I've en. deavouroed to leave our conclusions to be inferred. If we were to go' into any ex. position of, or give reasons for, our views, we might shock timid people, and overosihoot our' mark. That wouldn't do, By' as. suming whet we want' and stating it mn the form of propositions, we can prove it by picking what suits us from the evidence. Nor do I think we need cenfino ourseolves to the evidence. Father D.-Tho moral law will support us in going outside the 'evidence.' Chairman-Isn't your draft too longP W. F.-It's diffleult to make out the case satisfactorily in a few words. Father D.-' Twill be best so, our friend P. is right,' The loneer it is, the sm'allor chance there will be of the simplomindod seeing through it. I like F's report. W. B. D,--It's not 'so bad [ I' think our esteemed friend's .imniproving mn his stylo, -.mingling with the gay world has sweeotened his temper and gioven buoyancy to his 'tone,' You couldn't have written so seonibly throe years ago, my boy I Father Dl-His more intimate assoocia tion:with the Church has had its offeet. "Chairmain.-But can't woe rdoniinond that Pairkes beocxpolled frmin the House P W. B. D.-LNow, Mao, don't give' way to your amiable tomper.-you lose sight of prudence. Lot us quietly got F's proposi. tions assented to, Then asnold. Lincoln used to say-" we must'just keop'pegging aw y." Clhairman.-fD-n old Lincoln-I should liko to see this ieUlow hanged I W. B.f D.-So would all of us, no doubt. ' Father D.-Amon,. W, P.--Hanged P ' W. B. D.-Yes; WilliamI A pleisant thought, isn't it P No fear then, of his being Colonial Secrotary again. .' Chairman,--Woll, what do you propose to do ? W. B. D. I think we are all indebted to F. for his' admirable draft, hut it wants a tonech or two especially about Constable Irvino and the trial. I move that Father D. and myself be appointedl a Sub.Committee to settle it. [So it was settled.] EThe persons supposed to be represented by the initials in the above dielogue are Mesrs. Forator, Dalloy, and Dwyer. Ohairman Mr. Maoloay.] 