?TijiijxATluii UF- ST. PETER'S CHURCH, LU.RGAN, MAGNIFICENT SERMON BY — ;rTRE BISHOP OF DROMORE. On Sunday last, says the Ulster Examiner, was ? celebrated in Lurgan, with all the pomp and magnificence which render the ceremonies of the Catholic Church so impressive and so touching, the dedication to God of a new temple in His honour, under' the protection and patronage of the Prince of the Apostles. Today, standing for-th in majestic attestation of the religious fer vour and sincerity of the time, we behold noble temples adorning our land, and bestowing on her gifts richer than monarchs eould bestow. Amongst these temples, this one which to day Las been solemnly dedicated to Uod s worship is justly entitled to honourable rank. From being a small minority of the population of this town ' the Catholics have increased in number until the dimensions of their old church became quite unfit to accommodate them, and they resolved, with the blessing of God, to erect a more spa cious edifice. The church consists of nave and transept, nnd the entire details connected with it have been, carried out in sucli an efficient manner that it may be said to be amongst the most beautiful of the new churches of Ulster. The Bishop of Down and Connor, Right Rev. Dr. Dnrrian, assisted by a large number of priests, presided at the consecration. After High Mass, The Right Rev. Dr. Leahy ascended the pul pit, and preached an eloquent sermon from the following text: — 'And I, John, saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of Heaven, from God, prepared as a bride adorned ^ for her husband.- And I heard a great voice from the throne saying, Behold the tabernacle of God with men, and He will dwell on with them, and shall be their God ; and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes ; and death shall be no more ; nor mourning, nor crying, nor sorrow shall be any more, for the former things 'are passed away. — And he that sat on the Throne said, 'Behold I nxake all things new.'' These words extracted from the 21st chapter of the Apocalypse, and selected as the epistle for the dedication of a church, refer not to any struc ture erected by human hands, or formed of earthly materials, but to that magnificent ?, temple which God himself will build of living stones -a temple whose measure is the vast ex panse of Heaven, whose duration is eternal— a temple where there shall be no sorrow, no ob scurity of the understanding, no weakness of the will, no hunger, no thirst, no fear, no sick ness, no danger. Behold the tabernacle of Gad with men, and he will dwell with them and shall be their God ! He that asketh shall possess these things saith the Holy Spirit, and I will be his God and he shall be My son. But why has this portion of the Scriptures, which refer to heaven and not to the Church on earth, been selected for the dedication epistle of the church here be low 1 It is to teach us that it is through the Church on earth that we must find our way to that magnificent temple which awaits us here after ; that this church is like the mystic ladder of Jacob's dream, through which, while messen gers from heaven are descending to our aid, we must go up to the mansions of everlasting bliss ; that every instruction here delivered, and every sacrament here administered, are the means destined to fortify us in overcoming the desires of this life until we arrive at the heavenly Jerusalem. Thus, in the future time, we may see this church expanding into far wider dimensions, and ripening into far greater splendour, until everything earthly about it fades, and we shall be the temple which shall have resigned ail the wisdom, and glory, and thanksgiving, and power, and strength unto our God for ever. — Let us, then, on this occasion, appeal to the guidance of our Holy Mother the Church. Let us lift our thoughts to that glorious kingdom for which we were created, and most certainly we shall receive, if we only fulfil the com mandments of our God, and this present season is the most appropriata for such thoughts. Winter reminds us of the transitory nature of all that is enjoyed here below. — The gloom that overspreads the face of nature, the fa)l of bhe leaf, the loud shriek or the moaning of the win try winds, seemingly mourning about the loss and the decay of nature — all must remind us that ere long the bright affections that gladdened ouryouth shall have passed away, when the vigour of our manhood shall bo changed into sickly old age, and we mast totter on toth.it. grave which sooner or later shall receive us. But. now all these sc2nes that Winter presented have passed away, we feel the brilliancy and the warmth of the Summer sun, aDd we remember that though our bodies may be harrassed by sick ness, and though they are condemned to become the food of slimy worms, until nothing remains but some boues and the grim skeleton, - et the grave shall not retain us for erer, for we shall rise again, and our bodies shall be conformable to the gljrious body of Him we love. Let us thus listen to the voice of nature everywhere around us — let us listen to the voice of religion joining in glad harmony with the voice of nature — let us think frequently ou our everlasting country. But why should the mind of a mortal being be absorbed by attend ing to the affairs of this passing sphere of ex istence ? If wa3 not for this that we were created. No ; what is in it that should attract .our' attention? Are not its joys rare and tran sitory — its miseries manifold — riches and dig nity eluding our grasp when we imagine we have secured them — sickness and pain mocking the pleasures which happiness seems to bring — anger and malice darting their vital poison into the reputation of the prosperous — the friends we love dropping in quick succession from our side, until we are left as the leaflesss and branchless : tree— a landmark on the mountain top; every ' pathway of life darkened by the gloom of death . r— the brilliant sunshine that adorned our youth fading as we advanc further into life — troubles coming up from the ocean of eternity and render :,, ? ingoitv declining years dark ami desolate and ?' : ? '. miserable ? The variations; spi.- -A - over 'the' face of natur.e, tend to wean our &n;\i'. i- :i- from it, and ? fix our thoughts on cur everlast ing country. Should not the Christian exile as every stroke of the clock announces that the day of his exile is drawing fast to a close, that when his spirit, freed by the blow of death from the fetters that bind him to this world, shall wing its way triumphantly to the Throne of God, receive, amidst the acclamations of angels, that crown which has been promised to all who con form to His bidding, and which shall sparkle with unclouded brilliancy when the pomp, power and all the riches of this world shall have passed away for ever. Such are the joyful an ticipations that should occupy our thoughts such are the delightful hopes that fortify u.s against the seductive sins of this irorld. Who that habitually reflects on it could for a moment think of exchanging for the more clouded joys of this wo2-ld — its dignity its riches, its pleasures — all the delights God has prepared for us? True it is that wo caunot form an adequate idea of the bliss of Heaven. We have assuredly the infallible word of God that eye had not seen nor ear heard nor hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive the things God bus prepared for those who love Him, but the glimpses which revelation affords into the kingdom of God's glory are still sufficient to convince us that one day in those blessed regions would be a compen sation for all the mortification of the hungry, for all the suffering of the martyred, for all the humiliations which any one here below had to endure ; that it is a kingdom where the power and munificence of God are employed to pour down delights on those who have once entered it, and have, in a word, blighted as it is under the curse of sin, loved hisn. If God's munificence as seen from here below is filled with such glory, what must it be in the blessed kingdom where H« chooses to dwell for ever with his elect? Sincere as we are, and doomed to destruction we can yet find in the cup of misery we have to drain some drop of happiness that consoles us and makes us satisfied to bear life with all its affl-ctions. What must it be in the day of triumph— the bridal day, when God, impressing the seal upon us will take us into His kingdom and bestow upon us all that His power cau confer? Take the fairest visions of youth — imagine the joy in the morning of life, ere the heart is soured by disappointment and treachery — 'think of the sparkling lustre which the fresh scenes of exis tence shadow on everything around them, of the beautiful scenes which hope is lighting up in the future, multiply all those a thousand times ten thousand, and yet you have but a dim idea of the lasting duration of the bliss which God has prepared to bestow on us in heaven. Ponrtray to yourselves the feelings of the shipwrecked mariner, clinging to a single raft, when by- 'some fortunate wave he is cast on the hospitable coast; think of the feelings of one just ar-i i rived from the dreary and frozen regions of '. the Polar Sea when he basks in the sunshine i of a southern climate and wrapped in i all the charms which the Spring time : of the r.; year spreads on those highly-favoured regions .' they are ringing with melody, covered with in- j ?: numerable flowers reflecting back to the skies I the most beautiful hue3 which seem to contend u with the gorgeous colouring of the tropical sun- j sets ; or think of the feelings of one confined for [ many a day to a bed of sickness when he goes ' out and feels the air inspiring vigour into his / enfeebled frame, and with an eye accustomed - to the narrow dimensions and close atmosphere of a sick chamber views the prospect lying be fore him— yet all these cannot give an idea of i the rapture of the soul when, released from the [ prison of the flesh, it ascends into heaven, where , sorrow is no more, and whose dignity and riches, ! and splendid thrones are prepared. In thab king- [ dom sorrow and envy are unknown for himself j will wipe away every tear — then, after the haras sing toil of this life, we shall enjoy eternal rest — ;, there we shall exult for evermore, we shall be j filled with the fulness of God's house, and ?drink : for ever of the water of bliss there we shall be ; filled with the treasures of knowledge, of which [ the most learned and talented here below never ! could conceive, even when they flung the brilli- j ancy of their own genius into Jihe- resources of ! nature, and thrust aside the. obstacles that lay ! in their way. There the obscurity that rests ' upon the mind, even -when enlightened by- faith' ' shall be casb aside, and God Himself in all the brilliance of his wisdom, and good ne's?, and ]'. mercy, and power, and munificence, shall be ; present; and thence we shall repose, in speech- j,' less rapture at the foot of the Saviour who i loved us. Yes, let the death- throes of Calvary j ; tell how he loved us ! Disinterested -friendship ! ' can bring no termination to the joys, -millions of i ' years shall roll away, ages shall run into ages, j and each as it passes by will oniy give fresh- 1 accessions to our delights, and our joys shall last oo long as God Himself shall endure. Such is your true country, such is your everlasting home, such is the , kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world,, by the muui ficence of that God who loved you irr-so uiys terious a mauner that when you had. 'forfeited all right to it it was purchased back again. to you by the mosb enormous of prices of the Hill of Calvary. You have title-deeds to it — title deeds better than the nobleman has to his estate or the monarch to hi8 crown — title-deeds which no corruption, no violence can ever wiench from your grasp — title-deeds which may defy all the power of. hell or of man to take from you, 'unless you surrender th?in— ticlu'.'.' deeds in a word, sealed in the blood -of Go3. You may be poor and despised, as G.'irist your God was in this world ; you may bo in rags aud strive as Lazirus bo obtain the crumbs that .fail,' from the rich man's table ; and yet, a iiulo vvhil all the misery aud poverty of this life shall pas away, and then that 'glorious .kingdom which 1 ' have been vainly attempting to describe will U yours, if you strive for it with the earncstiR's* you display in struggling for the passing thincs of this world. Aud is ib that muuifieeut inhon fcance that; ia bartered, by men calling them ? p^gg— — — ? .i. ....I— . — a^— M — »— MMM— selves CbrisifonSji fpy either pride or cupidity? Is it tbat glorious inheritance which men only half- heartedly endeavour to seek ? ' ' Oh 1 the folly, the stupidity of the human heart ! When there is a prospect of securing something tem poral what sacrifices are made for it, and yet when heaveu is to be obtained, when the riches of God|s kingdom are promised on the infallible authority of Him who never deceived, men shrink back and make no effort, as if by folding their arms God would force it upon them. Is there any one who, for a coronet or an estate, would not make sacrifices far greater than reli t^ion requires ? And is the crown of heaven less valuable than a coronet on earth, or the dominions of God less desirable than the Greatest property possessed here helow ? Perhaps it will be alleged that all that is said about heaven is a beautiful theory, a mere faucy? Is the Word of God fanciful?— Has he not positively declared that His faithful servants shall possess His Kingdom ? Does he not say that those who observe His command ments shall enter into His joy ? Joy shall be found all around Him, not the alloyed joys of this world, but the joy of God Himself. This is the joy that is promised to us if we are the faithful servants of our Creator ; bub, more thau this, He declares that He will share with us His own throne, 'To him that overcometh,' he says, ' t will give him to sit on My throne.' Who would believe it, that the Great King, the Lord of Heaven aud earth, would become, as it were, onr servaut ? Yet He tell us, ' blessed are the servants who when the Lord cometh, He shall find watching. He will make His wisdom, power, and goodness — all His attributes — sub- servient to their enjoyment. Yet he goes still further. One would think it sufficient for the gracious God to have promised us a kingdom — to have promised us a share in His own joy— p. joy entering into our persons and surrounding us on every side — that He would bless us and employ His own powers to' add to our enjoyment. Yet lie goes still further, and'ussures us by the word of His apostle, St. John, i.n the third chapter of his first epistle, that we shall become like. to Himself. When he will appear, says Sb. John, He will appear like unto Him — that the poor offspring of the dust, insects fluttering for a day ana'fnen disappearing for ever, that mere units in the thousands that Lave existed since the formation of animals, that we should bo like the holy, all- powerful, all. wise, all bountiful God. Yes, my brethren, such is the ! fact. When we are laid low by the blow of death we shall again arise, foi the apostle, St. Paul, says, though it be sown in corruption, it shall rise in incorruption ; though sown in dis honour, it shall rise in victory ; though sown in iominion, it shall rise in ppwer ; aud this cor- . ruptible must pub on incorruption, and this [ mortal immortality, and then shall be acconi- I i plished the saying, 0, grave, where is thy ; jting? O, death, where is thy victory? ' Rut how are we to secure the entrance 1 into this mystic temple — this kingdom of God's , ?lory? Will faith suffice? Will it be suf- ?? ticient if we possess the true religion ? Oer baidly nob. Fidbh is indeed absolutely indispen sable for the Apostle tells us without faith it is impossible to please God, and our Saviour hirn Belf declares that he who believes not shall be condemned, God requires not only our will bub our understanding. Still, though we can never be grateful enough to God for having bestowed on us the priceless gift of faith, the Apostle St. James tells us that, as the body without the aoul is dead, so faith without works ia dead ; and St. Paul tells us, in the 13th chapter of the First Epistle to the Corinthians, if we had faith to perform the greatest miracles, and to remove mountains, unless we have charity we should be nothing ; aud in the same chapter he tells U3 there are these three — faith, hope and charity, bat the greatest of these is charity. What, theu, is necesasary to secure our salvation? Christ has told us that a young man pre seated himself to Him aud said, ' Good Master, what shall I do that I may j have life everlasting ?' and Christ answered, ! ' If.thou wilt ™ter into life keep the coinmand- j rnents,' and dhrist summed these command ments into two, ' Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart and soul and mind and strength. This is the greatest and first commandment. There is another like unto this j — Thou shalu love this neighbour as thyself. J Upon these two depend the law aud tho prophets,' Now as to the first ifc was certainly that we might love Him that God brought us into exist ence1— thab we might love Him, He came down from Heaven upon earbh aud endured poverty and suffering. It was thab we might love Him For eternity, whatever else we do, though just Lu our- dealings,, though kind husbands, affeo tionate§fri.ends, good neighbours — they all will bo in vaiii unless you love God with your whole heart- Thab love of God will be communicated from thi3 pulpit and that altar ; but even if the voice of the preacher were silent, the crucifix that-. is constantly over the tabernacle will speak in the mo3t touching accents to the heart, inouicacing with, silent, but powerful eloquence the necessity of loving God. It will remind you of that mysterious lovu of the Son of God, which influenced Him to redeem us. Ib will tell you how He submitted his back to the scourge, and hi3 brow to tho rankling thorn, and his hands and feet to the iron nails hammered into his quivering 'muscle, and his V whole body^ to the agony and shame of the Cross, for the love of you. It will ask you to search through the whole world and see where you can find a frieud so affectionate, so disinterested, so self sacrific ibg, and it will tell you, you must love that God with all the powers of your mind, and, here, too, will bo iueuicuted the love of your neighbour. You will be reminded that Christ, in passing i'rom this world, on the eve of His Passion, snforced that love as His own command ment — as a new commandment, and as the real mark by which his genuine followers were to be known through all time. This is My command ment that you should love one another. By this men shall know you are My disciples if you ??v love one another, and He told us that tkat'lbre? should not be confined to any one — tbst we are bound to love our enemies, and pray for those that persecute and oalu/nniabe us ; and from that very Cross, O what a lesson He gave us of forgiveness and of love ! The murderers who nailed Him to it acted through envy or ingrati tude ; yefc, what was His first prayer from the Cross? Was it to hurl down the vengeance of Heaven on their guilty heads ? No ; it was — 'Father, forgive them; they know not what they do.' We must try with all our powers to imitate Christ. But my brethren, can we com ply with the great law ? Assuredly we cannot:. We are incapable, as St. Paul warned up, of forming a good thought of ourselves. We are insufficient of ourselves to think of what is good but at the same time we must remember that St. Paul tells us that we can do all things if we ob tain the assistance of God and His grace— we- can comply to the letter of all His command ments, even the most difficult. God, when He ordered us to comply with. this great beauty of charity, did not suppose that we could fulfil that precept of ourselves, but what he ordered was this, that wo should do what lies in our power, and seek, m humble prayer His assistance. Prayer will obtain for us all that we desire. Prayer ia powerful over God himself. Prayer is the key that unlocks the royal treasury of grace, for has He not plighted His solemn word— if we ask we shall receive ; if we seek we shall find ; if we knock it shall be opened unto us ? And again, Hesiy3— ' Again I say unto you, that whafc everfyou ask the Father in -My name, believing-,. I shall grant unto yon,' Here we are assem bled in multitude?', aud has He not said, 'Whsre two or three are assembled in My name I will be in the midst of them.'— Here ife is you will listen with peculiar gratification to the outpourings of the gladdened heart; bub there are other means of obtaining Divine as sistance besides prayer, for here the sacraments, are administered — those graces which were pur chased for us on the Hill of Calvary — here your children will be cleansed by the sacrament of Baptism irom the stain of original sin — here you will reach to the high dignity of the chil dren of God — here they will be fortified with ih& seven-fold gifts of the Holy Ghost to fight against the world, the flesh, aud the devil-— here when you have offended God and dared to rebel against His commands, and form the wise and manly resolution of returning to that God whom you have deserted — here you will find Him with outstretched arms ready to receive you — and here, when the priests ha/e pronouncad the sentence of absolution, the angels wiil rejoice be» cause the son that 'was lost has been found. Here you will partake of the most precious of all legacies— of that legacy worthy of a God to be stow, and of an immortal soul to receive. Here you will be uuited in the closest of all union with the Son of God. Now, when Catholics believe all this, is it surprising that they should make the greatest sacrifices in order to adorn the sanctuary where the Son of God reposes. Will they not wish to have it in their power t© cover the walls, as the first Christians did, witll silver and gold, and to adorn the altars with most costly gems ? Is it astonishing that they should welcome with triumphant feativitj the day on which the church was solemnly set apart for those great festivals, and if the joy o£ the people be so great, how can I des cribe the happiness of the aged pastor of this parish, who, for nearlj fifty years, edified his flock and instructed them not even so much by his eloquence as by the virtues which he dis* played before them for their imitation. I give thanks to the Giver of every good gift that Ms life has been preserved until he was able to wife* ness this, which must be the crowning joy of hiss existence. But here there are other kind friend 9& who, although they do not unhappily share ia religious convictions, yet they are anxious to show their sympathy with their fellow towns men, to rejoice in their joy, and to contribute to liquidate the heavy debb whidi rests on this edifice ; and among them can I refrain from men* tioning that distinguished nobleman (Lord Lurgan), who, treading in the foot- steps of his. father, has come hero at great personal incon» venierce, to testify his gratification at so beautiful an ornament for that town which he has so wonderfully enlarged. Oh, may God grant to all who are here present, or who have contributed this edifice, blessings innumerable; may He return them an hundredfold whatever sums they have expended for this holy church — may He bestow upon them hhose bkasings which no amount of money could secure — ? aad which, prayer of our Blessed Lord after His lasb supper, should be accomplished — 'That we be all one, as He and the Father are one.' I have spoken to my brethren, of theglorious temple prepared for you in Htaven — I bave spoken to you of the temple on earth, and how you are to secure the entrance into that temple, bub, in con» elusion, I have to remind you of another temple,, and thab is the temple of your own souls. — Know .you not that you are the temples of God? He who violates that temple God -will destroy, for you. arc His temple. Oh, inaj' that temple never be sullied by any offence against the Almighty — may it never bs the medium of pride, anger, or malice ; may it shine forth every day more splendidly in the sight of God, and may you. proceed from virtue to virtue, and arrive at that true knowledge by which we shall see no longer darkly, but shining forth in rapturous beauty, and when God will aonfer upon us that weight of glory which the angels could not bear unless, strengthened by another gift of God — the light, of glory. Oliver Dalrymple, of Minnesota, is said to ba the largest wheat grower in the Uuited States. Tho Stillwater Republican says ho has sown this season, in addition to his other crops, 2,000* acres of wheat, which, with a good yield, will give him 50,000 buahcls. LasS season Mr.. D.ilrymple employed one hundred men and onft hundred horsea in harvesting and.; threshing hia crop. d 