" A HAPPY NEW YEAR." The Christmas Time is the happiest time, The season when all is gay ; When bells ring out with their merriest chime ; Nay, to wear a sad look is a positive crime On a merry Christmas Day I Tis the season which Britons love the most Of all seasons in the year— A time when gaietyrules the roast, And sweetens our Christmas cheer. Tis a time for long-parted friends to meet, No matter how chang'd they may be; A time when life's blisses are doubly sweet, A time when the pulses of charity beat With a kindly throb and a free! 'Tis a time when bitterest foes should take Each others' hands and agree To end all dispute, with forgiving shake Beneath the Christmas Tree! Last week in these pages Punch tried to paint The union "he'd like to see— How men should get rid of the passions which taint The mortal clay of both sinner and saint And be from prejudice free! ' For some of the friends whom Punch holds dear Have given and taken hard knocks ; Nay, some seem to think a box on the ear The best sort of Christmas Box! And who were the men in our picture shewn So lovingly linked together ? Why, the Kiania Ghost, witli a comely crown, And the Governor, too, witli a goose come down: There were birds of every feather; Martin and Parkes, and the pick of their crcw— The Freeman and the Banner— Eagar and Duncan, and Robertson, too, All grouped in a friendly manner ! Here's a health to all who figure here, Both the foolish and the wise ones ; May Folly die out with the closing year And Wisdom become to all men more dear, And may all our lots be prize ones. This night the Old Year doth cover his face— A scene in Life's Pantomime 3liifts— And Hope cometh up with a beaming face, All laden with New Year's Gifts. TIIEBE was a very large attendance of sporting men on Monday at Messrs. M'Kersie and Riga's Bazaar, when a sale of some thorough-bred stock drew their attention. The yearling filly, out of Gildermire by Stockowner, was much admired for her lengthy and well-grown appearajice, although, to our thinking, she was somewhat calfkneed ; nevertheless, there was a spirited coinpetition for her, and she was ultimately knocked down to Mr. Barnard, for Mr. Hurtle Fisher, for 435 guineas. Lady Heron, stinted to Ace of Clubs, and with a Stockowner foal at her side, also attracted considerable notice, and was disposed of to Mr. Petty, of Maribyrnong, for 410 guineas. None of Mr. Miller's horses were sold, and Babbler's off fore leg looked so suspicious that only 105 guineas were bid for him, anil he returned to his stable. The two-year old by North Lincoln, out of a King Tom mare, was also bought in for 150 guineas. This is a wellgrown colt, and looks all over like growing into ! i a good horse. The Sir Hercules colt, (Jlarcmont, was knocked down to Sam Waldock, but | we did not hear whether it was a sale or not. In the morning Mr. Moffat effected privately the purchase of Sour Grapes, the filly by Fisherman out of Gildermire, that showed such promise a3 a two-year-old. The price, we believe, was £430. "RATHER a rare spectacle," says the Geelong Register, "was witnessed on Saturday afternoon" last, in the shallow water of the bay, near the Eastern Bathing-houses. Close in shore, within a few feet of dry land, and in about twelve or eighteen inches of water, a large shoal of small fish, from two to four incites in length, were swimming about, utterly inattentive to the presence of a number of boys, who, having taken off their stockings and shoes, had waded into the water, and stood in the midst of the fish. So thick were the fish that the boys were actually able to catch them with their hands. The fish appeared to be young pilchards. If so, a great haul may be expected in a very short time. 1 ' As AS instance of the peremptory manner in which the reductions in the Victorian civil service are beim? carried out, the Geelong Advertiser mentions that the first notification the officers in one department in Geelong rcwived of a reduction of salary was when their monthly pay-sheet was returned with the ordinary salary struck out, and about two-thirds of the amount substituted. "Such a proceeding as this," says our contemporary, '' would not hold in the commonest transactions, for with a niere domestic servant it is imperative to give notice of any intention to reduce the wages. THE LATEST NEWS from the seats of war in New Zealand is more favourable. The iown of Wanganui is no longer supposed to be in any danger of attack, and on the east coast the rebels had apparently retired to their cultivations, as little had been seen of them of late. The friendly natives wer» doing good service at the date of the late advices. The Maori " king '' and the leading chiefs have withheld from the movement which is not likely to spread. ll.M.S.S. Challenger, Blanche, and Iiosario, have proceeded to the coast to lend assistance if necessary; but the Government of New Zealand has resolved to rely on its own resources, and therefore the military in Australia will remain where they are. Over 200 men have been recruited in Victoria for the New Zealand armed constabulary, and have proceeded to Wellington. THE SYDNEY GOVERNMENT has accepted the surrender of the Panama Royal Mail Company's contract, and therefore no other mail for England via Panama will be despatched from this side. The Mataura proceeds to England this month via Magellan's Straits and Rio, unless an offer of the five steamers—Mataura, ICaikoura, Ruahine, Rakaia, and Prince Alfred—for £ 180,000, which has been made, should be accepted here by a company formed to run a fortnightly mail to and from Galle. A guarantee has been asked from the Government, and is now under consideration. If it is given, the capital can be raised in a few hours. The smaller steamers Tararua, Rangitoto, and Claud Hamilton, have been bought by a Melbourne firm. THE POET PHILLIP STAKES on New Year's Day at Flemington course was won by The Barb, with Glencoe second, both horses belonging to Mr. Tait, of Sydney. A GENTLEMAN would much rather be kicked by a gun than by a " son of a gun." I I ; i ! I I • j i j | I | I j i | -Sydney Punch. —Argus. 