MISCELLANEOUS. I From the Home Ifeics. 1 The Peixce of Wales.—A rumour circulated in Paris on jSFoveaaber 21 oi the Prince of Wales having met with a dangerous accident on the day preceding when out hunting at Coinpisgne, but the account was marked by great exaggeration. His Royal Highness, having advanced sonaewhat beyond the general rash of rides% found himself between two stags, whichy charging liim simultaneously, knocked ovse his horse, and then passed on. The Prmce-escaped with a slight abrasion of the skia- osi the leg, and was so little affected bvjiiia; shock as to be able to dine at the imperial table in the evening. The Prince andprincess arrived at Copenhagen on November 29, land proceeded at once to theCastle of Fredensboi^. The King welcomed Ma royal guests at the railway station. Purchase of English Telegraphs.-p 'The arrangements for the purchase of the telegraphs by the Government are bang actively carried on, and a Commission appointed by the Accountant-General has nearly concluded the enquiry into what the net profits of the Companies really are. A. complete collection of the instruments used, has been arranged in the library of St. Martin's-le-Grand. It is said to be a most interesting display, and one which shows in a remarkable manner the vast progress which has been made since the first application of electricity to the purpose of telegraphy. Outbreak in Algeria.— Reports of another outbreak among the Arabs in Algeria have again forced the ad ministration of that troublesome dependency on the attention of the French Government. Strong representations have been made to the Emperor, it is believed, by some of Ms most influential advisers against a continuance of the severe system of military government; but the Emperor hesitates to make any change, especially at so critical a moment. Total Loss of tht. Shop Australia.— By the arrival at Liverpool of the screw i steamer Tyeho Brahe, from the Brazils, we learn the total loss of the splendid Australian. | clipper ship Australia, while on the voyage from Sydney to London. The wreck occurred about 138 miles north of Bahia, but as to the cause of it no particulars are given. The whole of the cargo, however, has been lost, but all the specie on board is reported to have been saved. The Australia, under command of Captain Yollar, sailed from Sydney for London on the 5th of September last, and would appear to have been matting good progress when the- disaster occurred. The Australia was built at Aberdeen in 1866, was 1,010 tons burthen, and was classed A1 at Lloyd's. She was owned in Aberdeen by Messrs. Duthie, Sons, & Co., and was celebrated for the quickness of her runs between London and Australia. The crew and passengers were, all saved. The Late Baron Rothschild.—The late Baron James de Rothschild, of Paris, died I worth £24,000,000 sterling. He has be\x=req-\ | queathed' his splendid estate of Ferrieres, together vith a vast sum of money, to his eldest son; and his will is said to bear strong evidence of his desire that his representative should maintain with the utmost grandeur the dignity of the house of Rothschild. Explosion of Gcxpowdee,—A tremendous explosion occurred on Thursday afternoon, November 26, at the St. Allen Gunpowder Works, three miles from Truro. Three shocks followed each other in rapid succession, creating much excitement in Truro, where the houses were shaken as if by an earthquake. The sulphur caught fire in process ot grinding, and when the flames burst forth 14 workmen had time to escape. Four buildings are wholly or partially destroyed. The magazine, containing a very large stock of gunpowder, was about half a mile distant from the scene of the accident, four lives were lost. Gas Explosion.—On Tuesday night, Is or. 24, a man, while passing the pillar post letter-box in the Commercial-road, at the comer of Arbour-square, Stepney, stopped to light a fusee on the top of the box, and directly he had done so a tremendous explosion of gas took place. The box was a total wreck in an instant, the front plate blown out, the smaller plate, with the times of delivery of letters engraved thereon, shivered, and the interior fittings rendered useless. Singularly enough, although there were 17 letters at the bottom of the box, not one of them sustained the least injury. The cause of the accident is accounted for by the fact that a gas pipe laid under the box leaked, and the box was filled with gas. The Eight of Women to Vote.—In the Court of Common Pleas on November 9 Lord Chief Justice Bovil], with Justices Willes, Byles, and Keating sitting in Banco, judgment was jriven in the case of "Chorlton, appellant, v. Lings, respondent," the appeal from a decision of the Revising Barrister for Manchester, which was delivered on November 7\. The Lord Chief Justice and the other Judges delivered separate judgments, but they all agreed that there was not sufficient authority for saying that by the Common Law women had. had a right to rote for members of Parliament; whilst, on the other hand, there was the uninterrupted practice of centuries to show that women had. not voted. There was no reported case in favour of the vote, except that in a note to " Olive v. Ingram," there was referenceto a manuscript report of a case to show that women could vote. This note was only to be found in 7 "Modern Reports," whilst there was no reference to any such case in Strange; and Lord Coke gave his express opinion the other way. In his (the Chief Justice's) opinion the lleform Act of 1S67, in saying that men should vote, although considered in conjunction with Sir John Roimliy's Act, did not entitle women to vote. The term men in the Reform Act did not include women; and even if it did, then women would come within the term "incapacitated." For these reasons he thought that the decision of the revising barrister refusing the vote should be affirmed; but he also thought that it was a case in which no costs should be allowed, ill*. Justice Byles said that he hoped that their unanimous decision. coupled with the unanimous decision of the Court of Session in Scotland, would for ever exorcise and lay tills ghost of a doubt wliicli ought never to hare arisen. A Bill of Exchange Factory.—A bill of exchange manufactory has been discovered, in the very heart of the City of London, where the production of fictitious commercial paper was carried on in the most systematic manner. The police apprehended, oil Friday, November 6, three meu who were implicated in the business, and on their preliminary examination at the Mansion-House on November 7 some extraordinary facts were stated. The City Solicitor, who prosecuted, said he held in his hand no less than 20 bills of exchange which had been fabricated within the last month— oae for £620 14s., another for £514 12s., others for £320 10s., £390 10s., £4S0, £320, £440 10s. Gd„ £444 (is., and £2S9 7s., the rest being of less, but still of considerable amounts in some cases ; and the 20 amounted altogether to £5,102 16s. Sd. They bore no less than 74 signatures, all of which were forgeries, and they were drawn in no fewer than five different lan\x=req-\ guages—ten in English, three in French, four in Italian, two in Spanish, and one in German. They purported to have been drawn in various parts of the civilized world—three in. the Mauritius, two in Constantinople, two at Eberfield, and one each at Rio de Janeiro, Palermo, Odessa, Almeira, Savannah, Stettin, Milan, Marseilles, Sydney, Philadelphia, Melbourne, New York, and Montreal. The forged bills in every instance but one were drawn on paper engraved and printed for the express purpose, and had the name of the drawer engraved in the usual way in the margin. In every case also they bore the name of some English firm as the acceptors, stamped by a die, so that on any gentleman taking any one of such bills to his banker's, it would be assumed on the face of it to be a genuine bill of exchange. There were no less than 22.names of firms stamped on them, namely, four at Liverpool, one at Halifax, two in Glasgow, one at Huddersfield, .two at Wolverhampton, two in Cork, two at Bradford, two in Manchester, one in Sunderland, two in Leith, four in Edinburgh, two at Wakefield, three at Sheffield, one at Leeds, one at Salford, one at Paisley, and one at Birmingham. The three prisoners {whosenames are ScigmundStriemer, 45 years of age, residing in Qaeen's-road, Dalston; Gustav Stov-en, 29. living in Kelson- square, Park-road, Peckliain; and George Kunake, or l&mike;, about 45, residing in Henrietta-ierraoei Blake-road, Peekham) were arrested on November (» engaged in their occupation in a room in Nicholas-lane. Strieiner occupied a front room on the second floor, and w%3 described as a translator of languages.- Some of -the bills that would be produced in evidence were only in course of fabrication, and in the room where the prisoners -were tbe officers found as many as 54 die3, -with the. names upon them of various firms. They also found several hundreds of blank forms, and two books containing engraved forms of bills purporting in one book to be those of the Philadslphia Union Bank, and the counterfoils which the learned gentleman produced showed how large must have been the circulation of such bills. The other book contained forms of bills of the Mercantile Bank of Sydney. Evidence establishing these facts was called, and the prisoners have been remauded several times. Yankee Citteness.—In Chicago, a fellow named Heed was arrested, charged with passing two §10 counterfeit notes. The charge was fully proved, whereupon Reed proved that he had stolen the bills from a comrade. The fact that he stole the money ivas considered evidence that he supposed the money to be good, and the fact that the money being counterfeit was not money in the eyes of the law, it was contended that no offence was committed in the stealing of it, and he was forthwith discharged. j Loud Derby a Tailor.— At a mesting I of the North Staffordshire Licensed Vic- ] tuallers' Society at Stoke, Mr. C. B. Adderley, ALP., who presided, told the following story of the Earl of Derby:—" His Lordship had been admitted a member of the Ancient Guild of Tailors, and seeing him shortly afterwards, Mr. Adderley said, ' Do you know what you have been swearing, Lord Derby?' His Lordship replied that he did not. ' Well, then,' said Mr. Adderley, * I have read the oath, and you have sworn that you will take to tailoring, and do nothing else all your life."' 