TABLE TALK. _FAILUBE OF TBRM»IL.—In oonBequence of /the rains which fell on 8aturllay, Sunday, and -Monday last, the river has'again been fresh.' But it appears that it rained much more heavily -to the north than it did on 'this river, for. on Monday all the tributaries of the TJpper Manning were bank high, and the mail froin Port Macquarie did not get through. Thase constant interruptions ofthe; postal service are becomirig an intolerable evil; and will demand 'the prompt attention of our future representative. The small streams which delay the mails may, every one of them, be bridged, and thus rendered passable, at an inconsiderable cost; but be the cost what it may, it must be encountered. Just now, in the midst of a general election, when it is a matter of vital consequence that communication should be kept up with every part of the electorate, the mailman is probably smoking his pipe in some hut on the banks of a creek not twenty yards wide, waiting for the water to fall. This state of things would be disgracefiil in the unsettled districts of the interior; it is absolutely intolerable when encountered within 24 hours distance of Sydney, and in a district lately represented by a Minister of the Crown. She remedy, however, is now in the people's own hands; let them take care that they apply it. STRUCK BR LIGHTNING.—We understand that whilst the " Isle of Thanet" was lying at anchor in the Wollomba Hiver, a few days since, she was struck by lightning, and so much injured that it was considered •st to send her off to immediatel' at that time but partially loaded. The damage was chiefly above the ship's water-line. THE ELECTION.—For reasons already assigned we are unable to tell what is going on at the other end of the electorate. Here everything is stagnant. Although it is understood that Mr. FOESTER will not again offer us his services, we know of no public movement tosecure him a successor. It is generally believed that Mr. FLETT will be nitmnated, but he has, as yet, made no sign. It is also stated that letters have been received from Mr. THTRLOW asking the support of the electors, but we are unable to trace this statement to any reliable source, and moreover, we give Mr. THURLOW credit for a more intimate acquaintance with the district than would be implied in such a movement. For the information of those at a distance we may however state that he would not have a ghost of a chance on the Manning. A Mr. FAIRFAX -of Sydney, is also spoken of, but nobody knows anything about him, and we opine his prospects are very slender. We are all waiting with impatience for the " coming man," but at the present moment it is impossible even to surmise from what quarter he will come. We must only wait and see. In the mean time we trust that no hasty pledges will be given whichmay hereafter impede the free action of electors. A NARROW ESCAPE.—Whilst some persons were falling a large tree 'near the residence of a free-selector on the Wollomba, a few days ago, a loud creaking was heard which alarmed the inmates of the dwelling, consisting ofa woman and • several small children. They immediately rushed out of the hut, the mother with a child under each of her arms, and driving the others before her, hut they had not proceeded five steps before down came the tree upon the building, completely demolishing it, and rendering its contents utterly worthless. One minute's delay would have been fatal to all the inmates, the tree having fallen in an opposite direction to that which was intended. Fortunately, beyond the loss of the hut and some furniture, nothing came of this misadventure. THE CROPS AT THE SUGAR LOAF.—We are informed by a visitor from the Sugar Loaf that the free-selectors' wheat crops are proving splendid—rust having been seriously hurtful in one or two cases only. The maize crop also looks well, and feed is now abundant. The inhabitants are beginning to emerge from the difficulties which are always experienced by pioneers, and their future progress will probably be more rapid. IMPORTANT TO ADVERTISERS.—We invite attention to the decision of the Bench of Magistrates in the case of BLACK v. GILL, which is reported elsewhere. Their worships very sensi- bly determined that an advertisement which appeared only in a sheet of exceedingly limited circulation was practically no advertisement at all; and told Mr. GILL that he should have advertised in the NEWS, a paper read almost universally throughout the district. We do not mean to offer any remark upon this decision, but invite attention to it on the part of those who are interested in getting value for their money. CUNDLETOWN.—A Literary Society has been formed in this township, and we arc told that plication has been made to the Council of iucation for the use of theijachopl-room. From. ^ else that is said m^SrSarrespondent's We infer that this soraetois -quite distinct jSjttd independent of,*4he "Mutual TMifentSoc^^feh'formed^ome years ago; and we apprehend wBregealouBy exists between the TT^TJPDIEFCB. WFEJN&jvhowever;, be, and hope that misjguSjgui this. There seems to us abundant roJsSSSw evew cffort to culti vate the minds and enlarge tbbiaeas of the young men of the Manning—-aye, and of the old men too—without any needless collision between the various instrumentalities employed for these purposes. To all such societies, wherever situated, we bid God speed. MR. POOLE'S SUGAR.—The samples turned out of late have been excellent. Nothing is now left to be desired but ability to manufacture more rapidly. We are every day receiving letters from planters who complain that they have no means of converting their cane into sugar—a state of things which we join with them in regretting, but for which we see no remedy other than a combined effort to procure a floating mill, and this proposition seems likely to prove abortive for want of a leader. Perhaps in the course of a few weeks we may be able to place some additional information before the public which will serve to quicken the pace of those who are at present dilatory. ANOTHER MAIL FAILURE.—The overland mail from Sydney via Stroud, which was due on Thursday, has not yet come to hand, and but for the existence of private arrangements, by means of which wc secure the transmission of duplicate copies of the Sydney papers, we should lmve been left in rntlicr an awkward predicament this week. Fortunately we have lull files to Tuesday evening. But, as we have already remarked, wc believe more than once, these private arrangements involve both trouble and expense, to which we should not be subjected if mail contractors would exhibit a little more energy in the discharge of their duty. The delay is always between Raymond Terrace and Stroud, and we have now asked the Postmaster- General to enquire whether every heavy shower should render the Burrill Hiver impassable. Weshall soon sec whether this enquiry will be productive of any improvement. WESLETAN DISTRICT MEETING. — The proceedings of t his body were brought to a close on Thursday, November 18th. It was officially reported that during the past year eight additional churches had been built; three parsonages acquired either by building or purchase; and one h\jndrcd and thirty-seven members added to the cfiurch. THE MINSTRELS.—It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that the Minstrels will make their first appearance at Tarce on Monday evening next. Wc have already expressed our opinion of these young men's performanres, and need not repeat it. Wc are informed that several new songs will be introduced on this occasion. IRON PLOUGHS .—Our attention has lately been directed to the ploughs which proceed from the shffipsofMessrs. DAVIDHENDEESONAND PATRICK' M'CANK,and really we are delighted with the ndtable'pi ogress made in the manufacture of these important implements of husbandry;. We have also inspected a dray, made l>y Messrs. LITTLE and MANNERS, for Mr. Wiii of Jones' Island,'of which it is enough to say that we consider it a credit to the establishment. It affords us pleas3rfe to Miere there is iio longer any necessity tosend to Sydney for agricultural implements, since almost everything of this kind. that is needed may now be maae on the Manning. DOVE-HUNTING.—A correspondent writes— " Some anxiety was felt for the safety of ayoung gentleman who was out" D^ce-hunting" on the Lansdowne, from last Sunday morning until late on the following afternoon, when he returned to his anxious friends." This is probably intended to be a local hit, but we do not understand it. ' ACCIDENT ON JONES' ISLAND.—One of Mr. WALL'S little daughters cut her hand very hadly with a sickle, a. few days ago. We understand two of the child's fingers were nearly dissevered, but the wound is healing, and no other unfavorable symptoms have vet supervened, so that there is a fair prospect of her recovery. PEDESTRIANISM.—Another foot race was run at Tinonee last Saturday. This time, the defeated of the week before came in conqueror. GEO. ELSE was his competitor. THE FIRE KING.—-We believe the facts are that the steamer, as well as the wharves, lighters, &c.;, which were recently Mr. MARSHALL'S property, have been conditionally sold to the Clarence and Richmond River Co., but that the whole arrangement is contingent upon something to be hereafter done or approved by the Company's Manager, during his visit to the Manning. We are further told that by virtue of the proposed arrangement Mr. MARSHALL, will become a shareholder in the Company, and will reside on the Manning as the manager of its affairs. We are not authorised, to give this version of tho transaction; but we may add that it comes through a souree that entitles it to credit until officially contradicted. ATHLETIC SPORTS. — It is proposed to get up amusements of this kind in some of the river towns, on New Year's day; and subscription lists are, we believe, in circulation both at Cundletown and Tinonee, the result of which will no doubt appear in future issues of the. NEWS. The promoters are acting upon the well-known adage, " All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy," and we wish them abundant success in-their several undertakings. RELIGIOUS CONTROVERSY. — A correspondent writing from Oxley Island says—"the people down here can't see what secular newspapers have to do with religious controversies, or how any journal can expect to thrive after having given indications of a determination to throw itself into the aims of a particular branch of the Christian Church. If the publishers of a print, which shall be nameless, nave not yet been sufficiently awakened to a sense of the madness which has characterized their recent proceedings, the wholesale withdrawal of support of which they must become cognizant during the next six Weeks will fully develop their understanding. I mention this as a part of the news of the day in which your readers will probably feel interested." 