GUNDAROO. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] April 20.— On Friday last our cricketers were to havo played the return match with Queanbeyan on tho Gundaroo ground, but altliough tho morn ing was all that could bo desired, only four of tho yueanneyan men arrivori. and towards noon, and after a heavy shower of rain, no moro of them coming, it was decided to play a scratch match, which was commenced, but not concluded, owing to thcraiu again coming on. I am unable to state whether we will again play the Queanbcyan eleven this season or not. I have heard that tho Yobs oloven woro to ploy tho return match this month, but 1 am vory doubt ful if that will take place now, as it will notrequiro many moro days to put us into May, and no official notification of their intention to do so has reached hero yet. 1 ho postponed Bruce auction in connection with the Presbyterian Church was held hero.on Satur day, and it wns again unfortunato ns far as tho weather was concerned, it hnving rained on Friday and again on tho morning of Saturday. This, no doubt, kept a great many away who would other wise have attended, but about two p.m. Mr Val- lance, who actod as auctioneer for tho occasion, commenced proceedings, and between then and sundown disposed of nearly all that was for sale. Some things sold very well, whilo others were dis posed of at n great sacrifice. Although thoro has been no settlement, 1 may safoly say that wo havo not accomplished the end we had in view, viz., to pay the balanco duo, something like 75 Z. or 801. In my next I will bo bettor ablo to give you tho results, but I do think I can safely say that tho half of tho required 6uai was raisod ; we must be satisGcd with small mercies intheso times, Tho Rev, John Gibson preached here yesterday instead of the second Sabbath in tho month, as was his wont. As seen by tho former portion of this com munication, Mr Vallanco is now an auctioneer. Ho applied to tho bench for a license tho last day oourt was held hore, when the Polico Magistrate advised him to ranko his application at Quoanboyan, which ho did, and tho liccnso was accordingly granted to him on Tuesday last. Meetino at St. Olkmg.vt's. — A mooting of tho parishoners of St. Clement's took place in tho Church of England schoolroom on Friday even ing last, to elect a representative to tho approach- ing Synod in Qoulburn on the Cth proximo. Tho Yenorablo Archdeacon Lillingston" occupied the chair, and after opening the meeting with prayer, stated that the object of their assembling thnt ovoning was to elect a representative to tho Synod in tho room of Mr T. H. Paige, of Qoulburn. who had resigned in consequence of removal from che district. Tho Archdeacon further stated that tho Lord Bishop of Qoulburn wns most dosirous that some local representative should bo chosen. Tho Archdeacon also remarked that a most important question wns likely to occupy tho attontion of tho Provincial Council to bo held in Sydney on tho 11th May next, namely, the futuro appointment of bishops to tho several dioceses of tho colony, in oon- soquencoof the doubt recently thrown on the power of tho Queen to appoint bishops in those colonies by letters patent. It was most likely that the Provincial Synod would pass a measure similar tc that in force in Canada, authorising the futuro elcotijn of bishops in the colony. No local gen tleman having been proposed, in reply to Mr All- man. tho Archdeacon suggested Dr. Hnyley, of Qoulburn. After a pause. Mr Allman proposed, and Mr Wilkinson secondod, that Dr. Hnyley should he the representative of Ynss in tho approaching Sydney. Dr. Campbell was sorry to bo oompelled to oppose tho proposition on the ground that tho mooting was totally ignorant of Dr. Ilayloy's Church principles, although ho had tho highest re spect for him privately, and suggested that it would be far better that Yass should be unrep-oscntod tban to elect a person of who=e religious opinions the meeting knew nothing. The speaker also nd- verted to the absence of Dr. I lay ley ns an elected representative of any district in tho two prcvi'ms Synods ns a further reason fr caution in this matter. Dr. Dampbcll also referred to his ex perience in the first .Synod as to (he position of tl.c clerical nnd lay members enmpodng the Synod. After three attempts to elicit the opinions of the meeting on the question of Dr. ILiyley's election, tho Archdeacon declared that gentleman duly elected. A short and animated discussion of a conversational character then ensued between Messrs Allman, Campbell, and the Archdeacon in rcferenco to tho election of Dr. llaylcv. and other Church matters. Mr Pemhrookc asked tho Arch deacon whether the resolution adopted at tho last Synod to supply the several parishes with a pro gramme of the business to be submitted to the Synod next month, had been carried out. Tho Archdeacon replied in tho negative. A discussion ensued -on the subject of endowments nnd the Bishop's veto, in which tho Archdeacon, Messrs. Campbell, and Allman took part. Mr W. D. Camp bell, of Burrowa, who was present, with the per mission of tho meeting statod that as a member of tho Synod he had stronuousl v opposed tho power of silent veto being nccorded to tho Bishop, al though his lordship was supported by tho wholo body of his clergy, as ho considered that his lordship slnuld assign reasons for nny veto ho might put. on matters submitted to his decision. The meeting which was attendod by some of tho leading members of the Church then separated. Fatal Accident to Mr. William Grogan. - On Saturday last Dr. Blake, coroner for the district, hold an inquest at Limestone Creek on the body of William Grogan, who had died on the previous day through accident. The jury having viewed the body. Ann Grogan was called and deposed that she was the wife of deceased; on the previous day he went out with a man in his service named Farrell to remove some manure with a horse and cart ; about a quarter of an hour after they had left- she heard a noise, and on going out saw her husband jammed between the cart and the kitchen chimney : Farrell pushed the horse's head off and deceased then fell to the ground ; he was bleeding from the mouth and never spoke, when he was picked up he was dead. Farrell, spoken of in the last evidence, was then examined, and stated that he went up with Mr Grogan to remove some manure : while doing so, deceased said that the cart was too far away from where they were to pitch it on ; witness went forward to back the horse, and while doing so it struck the wheel against something uneven, causing the cart to swerve, and the shaft on one side pressed deceased against the chimney, witness ran forward to put the horse back, when deceased fell to the ground : he was bleeding from his mouth. Dr. Campbell deposed to having examined the body of deceased : there was an abrasion on the right cheek ; there were no other marks of violence; on examining the chest he found one of the ribs on the right side fractured which had caused a laceration of the right lung. He was of opinion that this caused the death of deceased. The jury found that death had been caused accidentally. On Sunday the remains were removed from his late residence at Limestone Creek to the Catholic cemetery at Yass. The funeral was numerously attended by all classes and creeds, there being no fewer than three hundred persons present. The deceased was an old resident of the district, and has left a numerous family, the whole of whom are grown up. LARCENY BINALONG. — Some time during last Friday afternoon one of the outhouses at the Swan Inn, Binalong, was feloniously entered, and a quantity of jewellery belonging to a travelling photo- graphic artist named Donough stolen therefrom. On information being given to the police, senior- constable Murphy and mounted-constable King started off in pursuit of the thief. Soon after the jewellery was stolen, constable Hall, in charge of the lockup, found it planted behind a log at the back of a hut, near the inn. Travelling, Sheer. -Six thousand sheen, the propetty of air t'ring. that havo recently been depasturing at Manar, on the Warri River, passed through Yass yesterday on their way to their old run. Messrs. Rasch and Coffin's flocks arc being moved from Brindeholla, late Webb's run, to Junee" Intercolonial Exiiiiiition.— Mr Robert Jack son. saddler, of Gooma-streot, will forward to Sydnoyon Friday next a gentleman's liogskin saddle, intended for exhibition at tlio Intercolonial Show thoro. Those who oro interested in colonial manufactures would he pleased witji an inspeotion of this picco of work, and wo are inclined to prognosticate that Mr Jackson will bo accorded tho prizo. Tho saddlo, although ono of tho large sizo. weighs only II J lbs, Tub Weather. — During the mornings of tho last few days sovoro frosts hnyo sot in, whilo at mid-day tho ntmosphoro has been very mild. Fur- tunatoly tho frosts did not commence before the new grass had acquired strength, wo may therefore ex pect to havo abundance of feed during tho winter. Tue late Accidents.— Mr Shirbin's child who was in a dangerous state from having drank some sulphuric acid is progressing favourably, and thero is every expectation of its recovery. William Ourran, who was bitten by a contipode, has-quito recovered from tho effects of tho poison. Fat Stock. — Tho recent quotations of the Ooul- burn butchers go to show thnt largo framed bul locks in prime condition aro readily purchased at what is termed " outside " prices. This faot should induco stockholders to itnprovo their breed of cattlo, and lay down artificial grasses, on ridged ground. The extra cost of seed and labour would eventually recompense those who aro sufficiently onterprisin" to strike out a now path in tho rearing of cattlo for the market. Maize. — Fivo cobs of mnizo grown on tho farm of Mr S. Small ofUooradigbee, Murrumbidgoe River havo boon sent to our office for inspection. Thcso nro indeed an unexceptional sample both as to size of cob nnd quality of grain. Tho Murrum bidgoe flats, especially about tho neighbourhood of Oorradigbeo, have long beon celebrated for the growth of Indian corn, and we must say thnt Mr Small has produced as fino a specimen of this cerenl ns wo have soon this season. _ Meeting of Sheej? Directors.— Somo time since a mooting of the sheep directors of tho sheep district of Ynss was held in tho Court-house for tho. purpose of taking into consideration a circular letter from tho chief inspector, intimating that tho salaries of inland inspectors under the Scab Act had been reduced by 100/., and that tho opinion of tho Board was sought as to tho advisability of dispensing with tho inspector's services altogether, as scab no longer existed in this colony. "There wore two directors absent from tho district at the time Hie meeting was held but thoso present wero unanimous in recommending tho oontinuanco of Mr Turner's services ns sheop inspector, and at tho original salary. It was pointed out by Mr Alfred Barbor. of Ilumewond. that tho shebp- holdors in this district wore peculiarly liable to tho introduction of scab into their flocks, ns it is by no means uncommon for shoop from tho Rivcrina district to pass through tho Yass country in periods of scarcity of grass Tor tho Gipps Land district, tho very nursery of scab, and aftar remaining thero for some months to roturn to their old run. This would, of oourse, oxposo tho cloan flocks of our neighbourhood to tho danger of contagion, ntid consequently it would bo hnrd to imngino how wo could do without a sheep inspector here, and whoso labours nro entitled to a sufficient remuneration. It appears to bo absurd to suppose that nny qualified gentlpmnn could ho found to discharge tho duties at a less salary than 250/. a yoar. On the 17th inst. a meoting of directors took placo at Queunbeyan, when thero wero present Messrs. Cunningham, Rutledge, Davis, nnd Massy. Mr Cunningham was voted to tho chair and read the circular from tho Chief Inspector Mr Bruce. Tho local paporsnys: — A desultory conversation ensued on various subjects cnnnocted with tho act. And among tho opinions expressed wero these — that tho contributions undor the Scab Act wore op pressive to owners : that ns scab had disappeared from tho colony inland inspectors woro no longer wanted, and that the duties usually devolving upon thnsr officers might be discharged by directors. Jn the course of .the conversation it was objected to by Mr Ma»sy nnd Mr Davis that it might bo injudicious to dispense altogether with tho services of the in- dpectovs as it was possible scib might break ou- a fresh. The chairman said that according to evi dence taken before parliamentary committees scab WlVlJ not of spontaneous origin, but was on in ill ind ented only by contact. The chairman also stated that 1" 5UU/. was annually spent in the salaries of insp"c'"r-s. and it became a serious question whether they ought, to continue that expense. Mr Rn'ledge thought it wou'd not be advisable to do away with the c'tast district inspectors, and that if boundary riders were wanted their expenses .should be borne bv those who directly benefitted by their services. The op'"'»n of the board was ultimately embodied in resolutions to the following effect : To recom mend. 1. That the olfics of all inland inspectors nnd boundary riders bo dispensed with. 2. Thnt the salaries of such other inspectors ns may bn re tained bo reduced to a sum not exccoding 250/. p r annum. The meeting then broke up. Sale of Leases. — There wns a sale of leases of land bold this mornir.g at tiro Oourt House. The attendance wns small, nnd lots realised ns under: — Lit 1, 080 acres, parish of Mundoonnn, pur chaser. O. A. Mnssey. 5Z. 10s. Lot 2. (510 acres, parish of Mundoonnn, pur- ! chaser. 0. A. Masscy. 0/. 5s. Lot. 3. 010 acre, parish of Nclanglo, pur chaser, 0. A. Masscy, 0/. 15s. Lot 1. 900 acres, parish of Nclanglo, pur chaser. John Now) an. 1 1Z- L'nt 5, 1000 acres, p trish of Nclanglo, pur chaser, T. Starr, 71. 5s. Lot 0. 010 acres, parish of Jerrnwn, pur chaser. T. Stnrr, SI. 10s. Lot 7. 900 norcs, pnrish of Jerrnwn, pur chaser. T, Ilinos, 1/. 10s- Lot 8. 810 nercs, parish of Jerrawa, pur chaser, J A. Robinson, I (is. 3d, Lot 9, 010 acres, parish of Jerrawa, pur chaser. J. A: Robinson, 1/. Lot 10, 010 acres, parish of Jerrawa, pur chaser, J- A. itobinson, 1/ Lot 11, 010 acres, parish of Jerrawa, pur chaser, \V- Buist, I/. Lot 12, 010 acres, parish of Jorrawa, pur chaser, W- Buist, 1/. Lot 13, 010 ncrns, parish of Jerrawa, pur chaser, T. llines, 31. 5s. Lot 11, 019 acres, parish of Jerrawa, pur chaser, T Mines, 1/. Insolvency. — A single mooting in tho cstnto of Patrick Anthony, of Gobn Greek, Burrowa, farmer, was appointed to bo held this foronoon beforo tho local commissioner. On insolvent being called he did not appear, nor were any creditors proscnt. Tho business therefore lapsed. Exoerpta.— The Governor will probably visit Garcoar during his western tour. A woman named Margaret Lynch died in Darlinghurst gaol on Thursday. She was one of the vagrant class, and had been aconfmoc in that prison thirteen times during the past twelve months. Evidcnco showed that sho was sixty-seven years of age. and had spent tho greater part of hor life in gaols. Alt Ooy. the Chinese interpreter, has been sentenced to four years' imprisonment. It appears from tlin Melbourne Argus that Mr I. Solomon, of Queen- street, and Mr Murray, manager for Messrs, Bright Brothers, of Melbourne, became bail for Levingcr, and ontorcd into reeogtiisaneos of 1000/. cnob, the prisoner himself giving bond for 2000/.— — Tho Melbourne Telegraph states: — A poor man, disabled from work through having rcceivod a severe kick from a horse, is travelling through tho country riding in a donkcy-cart. lie camo from Newcastle. N.S.W. The peoplo bestow their charity freely. Tho vago for velooipedes, which is so much the fashion in Europe, has extended to Adelaide, and it is probablo they will shortly bo in common tt.te in our streets. A process lias recently been patented in England by which tho bran of flour, after being separatod. is ground into an impnlpable powder, and then nguin mixed with tho Hour. In this way all tho nutritious ingredients aro pre served. while tho fineness of the (lour is nnt affected. The Queensland Parliament has been prorogued till the 1th May. The experiments with Manning's preserved moat have been most suc cessful. Mr Dowman, amembor of the Victorian .Assembly, is likely to bo expelled. Mr Jones and Mr Butters havo already been expelled on tho re port of tho Bribery Committee. Th'o steamer Auckland, which arrived at .Sydney on Friday from Queensland, reports a very payable gold- field at a plaoo called Mount Wyatt. about 1 1 1 miles from Port Donison. Gold has been brought into Port Dcnison and spld. We hoar from tho Vusso (Western Australia) that native mercury has lately boon found near Quindalup in considerable qnnntitics. in tho stratum of black titaniferous sand forming the beach noarly opposito Yolverton's timber station, A report has reached the Qun- dagai Times that Mr A S. TremYicki, superin tendent of roads, lato of Gundngai, lias, during his lato visit to Doniliquin on official business, boen totally prostrated by an attack of paralysis, The Victorian Assembly has found Mr Butters guilty of' the ch irgo preferred against him in tho roport ol the Complaint Committee, and have ex pelled him frotn the noti.se. Oapt.iin Matthews. formerly in commind of the Groat Britain, is dead Wo ( Times of India, 19th March), regret to observe that Sir William Donison, lately Governor of Madras, and formerly of New S rath Wales, has lost a son. who was a sub-lieutenant in tho Royal Navy. It is stated that 2000 additional convicts, with a dotaohment of soldiers to strengthen tho garrison, aro daily expected from France at New Oalodonia. The Rev. S.Taylor, of Sandhurst (Victoria), having soverod his con nection with tho Baptist denomination, made appli cation to tho Oastlemaine Presbytery for preach - ing engagements among tho Presbytorian denomi nation. Tho application has boon granted, with tho understanding that, at tho General Assembly in November, tho rov. gentleman will make formal application for admission into tho Prosbyterian ministerial ranks.- Tho prico of wheat at Albury is Is. to Is. 3d. a bushol ; at Wagga Wagga, 4s. 3d. to Is. fid. t at Wangaratta (Ovens River), no de mand. 4s. Tho Gundngai Times has been given to understand that Mr F. Gasse, formorly of South Gundngai, has taken tho Mundarlo Inn, at present occupied by Mr W. Boots John Skcino tip- poarod at tho Wagga Wagga Police Oourt toanswor tho chargo preferred against him by tho Sheep Inspector of tho district, of having driven 140 sheep on tho road from Tarcutta to Wagga Wagga without tho necessary travelling brand. T, plondod guilty, and was fined tho sum of 2s. Id. por hoad, with tho costs of court. The Submarine Oaule at Bass's Straits.— The work of laying tho cable which is to connect this colony with Tasmania may bo said to have commenced on Monday, tho steamship Investigator, with tho submarine cablo on board, having left bar anchorage in tho Bay at noon: having on bonrd —in addition to tho officials sent out from England to carry out tho undertaking — Mr M Gowum the Inspector of the Telegraph Department of this colony, and Mr Cracknel, tho Superintendent of tho Telegraph Department of Now South Wales. The steamship Pharos, which is to pilot tho Inves tigator across tho Straits, had Iter compasses ad justed, nnd left her moorings for tho Heads at sun set. Both vessels would" anchor off Queenscliff last night, and proceed at daylight this morning to Flinders, eastward of Gape Sehank, which has been finally soloeted ns tho most eligible starting point. From thence tho lino will bo submerged to a spot near tho mouth of the Tamar River, on tho north coast of Tasmnnin, so ns to connect with tho land linos in that colony at or near Genrgo Town. Tho work, we havo already stated, is being carried out under a contract between the Government of Tasmania and tho Telegraph Construction nnd Maintenance Company, tho chief conditions of which aro. that the company aro to receive a pay ment annually of six per cent, on their expenditure on account of tho cable (liinitod to 70,000/.) for a period of thirty yoars. The compnny to maintain and work tho cablo at their own risk nnd oxpenso ; but any profit beyond 1 0 per cont. obtainod through tho transmission of telegrams between tho two colonies is to be allowed as a rebate on the amount of pcrcontago guaranteed (0 per cent.) Tho colony of Tasmania has for the present assumed tho whole responsibility of the cltargo (1200/. per nnnum), tho Government of this colony having declined to meet any share of tho expenditure further than may he involved in providing a land lino to meot the cable .vi the. Victorian coast, and to afford such facilities a- may be possible in furthering tlio work on the northern shores of Bass's Straits. It is an ticipated that a short length of about seven miles of land linn will bo rcquirod from Gape Sehank to a point on the eastern side of Western Port Bay, and one additional wire will bo necessary on the present poles between Melbourne nnd tho thirty- seven mile on the main Point Ncpoiin road, near Morningtnn. Tho cxpendituro involved will not exceed 750/ , and the work is being oxccuted with till possible despatch, in ordor to avoid delay in opening the communication with Tasmania when the cable is laid. Tho want of this connection will prevent our receiving any information of tho progress of tho submerging of tho cable, unless a messenger is despatched at intervals from Flindors to Gape Sehank. — Melbourne Daily Telegraph. The Levels. — Tho Gombaning correspondent of tho Wagga Wagga Advertiser writes:— At the Sobastopnl Reof I hear thnt building and other work is g.nng on briskly. Tho six-acro leaso next Hoffman and llyun's, mentioned in my last, having followed tho load fathor down, has como upon richer stone, and this litis boon the causo of an attempt by somo outsiders to "jump" tho wholo lease, on tho ground or pretence that tho lossoos, having only twelve mon nt work instead of fourteen, had not fulfilled tlio condition of tho lease, and it was therefore forfeited. But as I understand thnt the two deficient men arc moro than fully represented by two drays and horses, I do not sec well how tho "jumpors" oan make their enso gond. And what is tho uso of n lenso nt all if it dnos not givo somo bettor s 'Cii' ity of possession than tho old-fashioned mining claims ? A correspondent of tho Mining Record, who had previously tried to jump Messrs. Ryan and Hoffman's cbiim, on tho ground that ono of the parties had not a "minor's right" when tho notico was first put up. but who failed in his attempt with the Gonimissioner, is very indignant and lachrymose upon tho subject of mining leases in general, and the injustice) tlioy do tho digger, or rntlier the poor man. This " poor man," by- the-byo. is never out of the mouths of a certain class of people whon they want to twist tho legislation of tho country to suit their whims for tho timo, and onablo them to make a pile per solium. It would ho difficult for any legislature to keep pace with their whims ; for, if I recollect rightly, the leasing regulations woro introduced at tho particular iustauco of some of tho same class, when mining industry in tho oolonv was at a vory low ebb, with tho view of inducing capitalists to como forward, as tlicy havo sinco done wi'li groat advantnge to tho country, and not un- froquontly at some loss to themselves. What are known ns Junec Reefs, havo, as you know, been opened for a ennsidernho time, flicy are situated about fourteen miles from this place and ten miles from Juneo. There is a public-house on tho ground, and. ns I learn from a person who loft tho placo yesterday, about a hundrod persons. ICirk- patrick's crushing-mill is also erected thero. nnd was to begin crushing tlio rubble stone yesterday. I hear that some adventurous prospectors aro now out searching the country for now reefs. Tlio professional prosnoctor, whom wo may oall a "roof-broker," is a vory useful man in his own way to himself and tho country - nnd to his backer also, when honestly meaning work, and roporting truthfully of bis discoveries. Ho usually lias some "bloated capitalist" to back him, who, of course, must have considerable faith. Pastoral. — Tl.c Wagga Wagga Advertiser writes : —The splendid state of tho country after til" lato rains may ho ono consolation to tho squatter, and the prospects of a now and, to coin n word, ungluttablo market for his surplus stock may bo another. Thoso who soc tho only hope of the pastoral interest in a general " boiling down " may take I'ro-ili heart when they henr that thore is only one obstacle between tlio superfluous supply of which tliey complain so bitterly nnd a domnnd quite equal to all our powers of production. It is t.rno tho obstnelo seems rather a stubborn ono. but that it is gradually being overcome no one can doubt and from tho moment tho squatters of New Smith Wales can enter into competition with tlio bu'ehors of London, a now era will havo dawned on the pastoral interest. Locally, thero is nothing to roport. except that tlio roturn of tlio travelling flocks has fairly sot in, and that cases of trespass, impou ii dings, nnd other pleasant littlo interludes of station life may ho expected to become common. The Dcnitiguin Chronicle of Thursday statos : Sinco our last a few trilling showers havo fallen, but nothing of importance; in the immediato district tho weather has been warm, gonial, and growing, and it needs but tho most superficial glanco round tho neighbouring plains to seo what tho rains, comliinod with sunshine and tlio absence of night frosts, aro rapidly effecting. Tho crossings hero have boon confined to tho following in fat sheep: on Monday. 2000 from Ooroo wont by. in tlio hands of Powers. Ruthorford, and Go. ; and this morning, 1200 of Gilbert's, in tho hands of Ettersliank and Co.: in passing Mr Mann sold from those a cut of 88 to tho local Joint Stock Butchering Company at the average priao of tho Hook when sold in Melhourno. It was a vory fine ono. tho owes averaging 01 lbs. and wethers 58 lbs. each. On Thursday last 153 fat cattlo crossed tho Murray from Barliam. The ihangc in tho woathor and the improved tono of tho markets havo not given much stimulus us yet to business, although wo hear thatsoveral transactions arc in negotiation. Tho groat full in wool experienced in tho London market was scarcely expected, and it is oven now difficult for flockowncrs to bolievo thnt any other than tho inferior descriptions nro really affeotod. Higher prices aro roportcd to ba now insistod on by holders of storo sheop. and tho limits fixed have, it is said, prevented somo largo operations. In tho raco of the ovidont necessity of oul.ing flocks and thus growing only that description of wool which oan nlways obtain a romunorativo prico, tho polioy referred to appears to be exceedingly questionable. Gold Rush near Gundaoai.— Information has reached Wagga Wagga during tho last few days that a rush has taken placo about four or fivo miloa from Gundagai, on tho Albury road, at " Edward's." It seems that somo men had boon sinking a shaft for a well, and on trying tho stuff lying on tho rook tlioy obtainod an onoouraging prospect of gold. Rumour had it here that an ounoo to tho dish had beon washed out, and that a great rush hnd sot in, but rumour had as usual exaggerated tho facts, and wo now loarn that though a slight rush has takon plaoo, the golden prospects of the miners ongagod nro not by any means of the brightest, nnd that tho actual returns per dish havo beon muoh nearer grains than ounces.- Express. Accident Tintouoii tiie hurstino op a Soda- water Bottle.— An accident which might rendily have terminated in a fatal manner oocurrod during tho Urnna rnces to a lad in tho eervico of Mr Gochrnno, of Widgeiva. Tho boy was ongagod packing a picnic basket, and whilst stowing away some bottles of sol'zcr, or sodawatcr, one of thom burst, and a pieco of tho exploded glass ontorod the wrist, dividing in its passago the voins and tendons of the lower arm. An immenso loss of blood folluwod. nnd tho boy fainted; but undor tho kind and prompt attontion of Mr Coohrano. and by tho nrrival of a surgeon (who wns instantly sent for), the poor lad's life wns savod. It is said tho artery, or a branch of it, was divided or wound ed — Wagga Wagga Express. Illkual Rescue op SnEBP.— At tho Wagga Wagga Police Oourt. Thomas E. Molntyrc and Michael O'Donucll appeared to answer the complaint of John Stinson for unlawfully rescuing ono thousand four hundred and forty shoop in his possession for tho purpose of being impounded. Dofondnnt pleaded not guilty. Mr Willana appeared for tho plaintiff, and Mr Fitzhnrdinge foe tho defendants. John Stinson deposod to having seen 1 110 Bhecp on his run on tho 15th April, and, with tho assistance of his brother and a shepherd, having drivon them to a yard with the intention of taking tliom to the nearest pound on tlio nest day. On the following Monday tlio two defendants came, and in his proscnco commoncad to untio the hurdles of tho yard, wliicli led to altercation, followod hv blows, and defendants succeeded in obtaining possession of tho sheep. Tho defendants wore convicted and lined. Melntyro. the sum or 41,. with costs of court ; O'Donivdl. 21., with costs of court.— Jfflfli/a Wagga Advertiser. Presentation to Skrueant Ussiibr of Coota- mondra.— Some ti mi ago. snveral gentlemen of tho Murrntnbidgoc and Lauhlanjdistricts, desirous of showing their appreciation of the gallant con- duot of sergeant Ussher in the pursuit and capture of tho bushrangers Scott, frving and another, at Bagdad station, subscribed a sum of 701. for that purpose. Tho money was forwarded to Mr For syth for presentation, and accordingly, on passing through Oootnmundra on his way to Sydney. that gentleman took the opportunity of presenting the gallant sergeant with n pitrso containing sovonty- fiyo sovereigns in tho name nnd'onthe bchalf of his admirers.— Wayya Wagga Express. Tub Provincial Catholic Synod.— Tho Mel bourne Daily Telegraph o( tho 20th states: — Tho Catholic Archbishop, i and tho Bovon bishops who nro sitting in tho synod at presont in Mclhourno, with tho thirty ecclesiastics associated with them, have boon invited by the Catholics of Melbourne to a dejeuner on Tuesday morning noxt. It is probablo that St. GoorgnVhall will bo selected us tho scono of tho festivity, nnd ladios will bo ad mitted. On account of tho largo number of guests it will scarcely bo practicable to find room for tho number of Catholic ladies nnd gentlemon who will dosirc to be present. A Ghost' at the DundosoS —Tho Upper Bogan correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch states that tho mailman, last trip up. says ho saw a man without a head walk past him whilo camping at tho Dundongs tho other night. Other peoplo havo soen, or fancied they saw. something there : but kangaroos, omus, and wild horses are plentiful, nnd porhaps it may be more fancy or fear at stopping at a lonely plnoe, whero a man was murdered years ago, and whoso namo is cut on a troo in tho locality. Australian Preserved Meat. — London Punchy undor tho heading of " Carried without a division.'' has tho following:— " A dinner was latuly given at ono of tho great hotels, to bring tho Australian proscrved moatB into notice. If by tho introduc tion into England of theso provisions, which sooin to bo moderate, in priee, somo of those amongst us who now seldom, if over, tasto animal food, can got a good nourishing modi, everyono must wish success to Buch a meritorious case of dish -establishment." Proposed New Territorial Boundary. — Victoria has n prospect of making a substantial and valuablo territorial Requisition. Wo learn from tho S. A. Advertiser that Mr G. R Smalloy, astronomor for Now South Wales, and Mr. 0. Todd, superintendent of telegraphs, acting under instruc tions from thoir respective Govornmonts, havo dotormincd upon tho common boundary-lino of tho two colonies, "as defined by Imperial legisla tion." Mr Ellory, tho Victorian astronomer, assisted in tho work, and (states tho Advertiser)— "Thus, then, it will bo soon that, taking tho mean of tho assumod longitude of tho Mclhourno and Sydney Obsorvatorios, tho presont boundary lino of South Australia and Victoria is too far to the westward by about 2 miles : that is, wo have lost a strip of country that wido betwoon the coast and tho Murray : or should tho assumod longitudo of tho Molbourne Obsorvatory bo insisted on, wo lose two milosi and this is a strip of good land, and includes the mouth of tho Glonclg river. Tho boundary was gazetted in December, 1817, and it may fairly bo assumed that Viotoriawill not roudily givo it i up." Exhumation of a Body.— An order from tho Attornoy-Qcnoral to exhume tho body of a mnn who lately died nt Wiudra, has been rccoivcd for the purpose of inquiring into the cause of death. No suspicious circumstances wero noticod by Dr. Rowling when ho attended the deceased ; but it has since transpired that tho deceased had boon fighting shortly before his death, and thcro are soiuo surmises that ho met with foul piny. Beyond tho rumour, nothing as yet is definitely known, and until th'o post mortem examination has boon made it is unfair to speculate. — Western Post. The Racecourbe Gamiilino Oase. — Tho Attorney-Goneral has declined to prosocuto in tho case of John Davie, committed by tho Goulburn bonch of magistrates for gambling on tho race course at tho Into nnnifal races. Horse-Power Suoar Mill. — Tho sugar mill lately oast at tho Queensland Foundry for Mr Oolin Munro, of tbo Albort River, has now been erected, and operations thorowith commoncod. Tho season is too far advanood to allow of any continuod crushing, but sufficient has boon dono to provo thoroughly tho utility of tho mill, and tho stability of its erection. For tho inspoction of those intorestod, who have not an opportunity of visiting tho loonlity, a sampla of the first-fruits of Mr Munro's plantation has beon left at the Quoons- land Foundry. A short description of the mill itself will be of interest to tho fnrmors who nro growing cano nnd are not likely to be ublo to orect a largo mill drivon by steam-power. Tho planta tion of Mr Munro is Biluated at the head of tho navigablo part of tho Albert Rivor, and contains about 37.0 acres, a considerable portion of which is good black soil, of easy " tilth," and well adapted for tho Bugar cano, of which he has now in aiitiut 20 acres, a very considerable portion of which will bo roady to crush in tho onsuing spring. A site for tho mill has boon judiciously selocted in a oentral position on a small oreok. by which tho ownor has tho ndvantngo of tho fall for tho eroction of tbo works, nnd also an abundant supply of fresh water; tho ereok is also navigablo to within ft short distnnco ol tho mill. Tho mill consists of throo vertical rollers of cast iron, 18 inches dintnotor and 12 inches high, sot in a woodoD framo of very rigid and substantial con struction—stout posts being sunk ondways into the ground as a foundation, to which tbo boIo tree of tho mill is fixed by eyo-bolts passing through tho framo and somo distanco down those posts, and socurod by bolts passing through tho oyos nnd tho posts. _ Tho upper part of tho framo rests on two sido pieces of solid timber, supported and secured from lateral pressure by buttresses, joints boing thereby avoidod and tho utmost rigidity securod. Motion is givon by a polo 40 foet long, being passed half through a socket on the top of the spindle ol tbo middle rollor, thus giving n radius of twonty foot fob tho horBe-ring — two horsos aro attached to this pole at ono end, ono at each ond, as may. be oonvoniont. The onne is passed in at ono side of tho oentro roller nnd roturns as megnss on tho other sWo. Tho juice dosconds into tho troughs, from which it flows into tho olarifiors by gravitation, whence, having undergone tho neces sary proooss, it flows to tho battery, whero it is brought to tho highest point of donBity to tvhioh it enn be safely brought, and is then discharged from tho taoho, or last and smallest of tho pans, by a djppor, and run into tho coolors, whero crystalisa- tion takos plnoe. It is thence transferred to casks to drain, as tho more improved npplinnces of tho Bour pan and contrifugnl inachino aro not yet procured, nnd from the oasks it is bagged for salo. Tho boiling-houso is an open shod 15 foot by 37. tbo furnaco boing at tho lower end, whero ample space has boon providod for the fireman. Tho other workmen attending tho battory havo room also on oithcr side, nnd can thus accommodate thomselves to tho wonthor, and nlways keep to windward of tho vapors arising from tho boiling juice. Tho cooling-house is a oloso shed, con taining four woodon coolers nnd two rows of casks, into whioh tho sugar is put to drain. A brick chimney is built of sufficient size, we are informed, to ndmit of stonm-powor boing used at a futuro time. The capability of tho mill is 100 gallons per hour, whioh will yield 1 cwt, of sugar, being half a ton per day. Tho two horses used do not appear to bo ovoi -worked, nor. indeed, to have any harder work tbun theso doiDg tho ordinary routine of farm lnbour. such as carting and ploughing. Mr Ooorgo Hairs, tho sugar-boiler nt Bimpama nnd who has had a considerable Jamaica experience, is attending to that department for Mr Munro, and has boon quite successful in his part of the work. —Drisbune Courier. Fatal Affray at (Jrenfrll. — On Mend iy. I nth instant, before Mr J. I'. Woods. J. P.. at the cmirt- hou.se, Grcnfoll. Thomas Simpson was charged with killing Anthony Guest. Prisoner was not, called on to plead. James Kccnan. sergeant of polico. stated that at twelvo minutes bofnro 1 p.m. on the previous day. tho IStli instant, whiro on duty, saw three or four men in tho yard of Gilcreest's hotel ; saw ono man stripped as if for fighting and nailed upon them to stop; when I got there the man 1 saw stripped had disappeared ; I saw others thore ; saw ono Leo nnd Dillon ; went a short distanco and returned to tho yard, when I saw Guest, the deceased, lying on the broad of his back nnd a man running away from" him ; sent Tor a doctor and meanwhile tried to restore him; Dr. Faldcr on nrrival pronounced him dead ; with nssistnnco I carried deceased into the house; before the re moval of deceased prisoner camo up ; somo ono said. " That's the man." ond 1 asked prisoner if ho wa3 tho man who had boon fighting with doccnsod ; he snid lie was, nnd asked me to noto tho time, ns it would ho greatly in his favour; I then asked him how tho row took place, when he said wo wero having a bit of n round, when wo closed to gether. and wo fell — that's all I can say, I must speak tho truth ; the conversation took placo out side tlio house before I cautioned tho prisoner in- sido the houso ; when I saw doccased ho was lying on tho broad of his hack, his left log a little drawn up. his arms partly stretched out ; tho ground was level whero ho lay ; the bond was clear of any ob struction; deceased had on a Crimean shirt, trousors, and boots ; prisoner was aware that tho mail with whom ho had been lighting, Anthony Quest, was dead ; prisoner was present and heard Dr. Faldcr pronounco the man dead, nnd must have heard him. — Ann Gilcrocst, wifo of George Gilcrcs'. landlord of tho hotel, deposed: Know a young man called Anthony Guest, ho was a boarder at tho houso, nnd he is now lying dead there ; know tho prisoner, ho was yesterday in my house : I know tho two mon now beforo the court— Charles Loo and John Dillon — who were also yesterday afternoon in our parlour; 1 hoard some altercation between tho four, heard them calling ono another liars ; I wont into tho parlour and requested them to desist quarrolling: the quarrel was between the doccnsod Guest ond tho prisoner; told them wo could havo no row going on in tho houso on Sun day; tho deconsod, Guest, thon said that they would gn into tho innor room and have a fight ; I told them I would not allow them to fight; do ccnsod thon said ho would go outside and havo a light in tho yard ; the prisonor, tho doccnsod Guest, Loo, and Dillon then went out tho back way into tho yard ; after a foiv minutes I saw the deceased run insido into his bedroom ; deceased said to me that tho scrgennt was coming ; I left deceased in his bedroom, and thon returned to tho bar ; I noxt saw tho deceased in tho yard, and two mon pouring wator over him : I thon saw doccased brought into tho houso and laid on a bed : tho quarrel was en tirely botwoon prisoner and docoased so fur as I saw ; tho othor two men did not, as fur as J saw, toko any part in tlio row ; havo known the deceased for about six months ; ho is an engineer, and boards at our houso ; ho worked at the Koh-i-noor crushing machine; during this occurrence my husband, G. Gilcroost, was away from home: 1 tried all I could to prevent tho fighting in tho innor room ; doccnsod hud only two drinks in our house, whatcvor ho may have had elsewhere: tho prisonor was not yory sober. —Thomas Rogers, in tho employ of Mr Wobb, of Georgo-strcot, Gron- roii, next uoor to uncrecsts llotol, deposed : i Kr.ow a man namod Anthony Guest, now lying < dead ut Oilcreest's hotol: know prisoner by sight, also Charles Leo aud John Dillon, now beforo the court: saw them nil yostorday, about four p.m., in tho back yard of Gilcroost's hotel : heard a noise in tho next yard to ours ; went out and saw tho deceased and prisonor ; deceased said to prisoner that ' if ho was going to light to bo quick, or else he (deceased) would go in prisonor then took off his shirt; one of tho spectators (Dillon) asked do ccased if ho was not going to take off his shirt; deceased said no: they thon Btood up to fight; they had beon fighting about half a minuto when sergeant Iioonan appeared, who culled out to thorn beforo ho got to the fonco, upon which both mon ran away ; wlion tho sergeant loft tho prisoner camo out of tho kitchen, and Anthony Quest camo out of tho house; both thon had thoir shirts on ; deceased laughed, and said, " Whoro's tho sergeant gone to P" prisoner said ho did not know ; deceased thon said that the row was the prisoner's fault: to whioh prisoner replied that it was his (deceased's) fault, and that ho would fight him for a week; I then asked deceased to stop fighting, and come into my houso, that 1 wanted him, and that tho sorgeant was not fur off ; during this timo tlio pri sonor was pulling off his shirt, and the fight again commenced ; two or threo blows wero thon struck on deceased's left sido ; thoy thon closod, and both foil on their sides; while they were both down, pri sonor hit dooeased a blow on tho throat with his clonchcd fist, in tho front of the neck; deceased thon said, " Don't hit a man when he's down — try and pick mo up ;" those words woro uttcrod in a choking voice , Sorgoant Koonan thon camo in viow, and prisonor ran away ; deceased remaiued on the ground: I heard a great rattling in his throat; Dillon was trying to rniso him by tho hand, when sorgoant Kccnan enmo up, and they throw water over him, and tho doctor was sent for; on tho first occasion thore was ono round, and prisonor foil on bis hands and knees ; on tho ronewal of tho fight only ono round was fought, and both foil: the ground was clear whore thoy fell: thero woro two othor men in tho yard, but thoy took no part in tbo fight, nor did thoy urgo tho combatants on : deCoased now lying doad at Gilcreest's notel is tho person witli whom the prisonor fought : deceased was not drunk but scomod to have a glass or two : prisonor wns tho worse for liquor moro than tlio doccnsod : tho head of tho deceased did not come in contact with tho fonco or any othor substanco when thoy fell. — Oharlos Leo. blacksmith, doposod : Havo known dccenBod, Guost, about nine months; know prisonor, also John Dillon ; was in company with tho provious named partios in Giloroest's Hotol yostor day. in tho parlour; a quarrel took place betweon doccased and prisonor; no fighting took place in the parlour : thoy oallod ench other liars : do ccased challongod prisoner to go out and fight ; prisoner wanted to fight in the street; but deconsod said ho would go out to fight in tho baok ynrd ; thoy wont thcro and fought one round, and both raD away on tho cry of polico being raised, Bhortly aftor thoy mot again in tho yard, nnd I triod to persuade tho deceased not to fight; lie snid ho would fight, nnd thoy had around, closod, and foil togctbor; somo ono said tho polico woro coming, nnd tho sergoant immediately camo up ; whilo closed they woro fibbing away at onoh othor ; do coased remained lying on tho ground ; the man who was fighting deconsod, now lying dond at Gilcreest's, Hotel, is tho prisonor; this wns aftor dinner on Sundny. 10th April.— John Dillon, in tho employ of Reeco, ironfoundor, of Gren- fcll deposed: I havo seen a man lying dead at GilcrocBt's Hotel; I saw prisonor, in com pany with deceased, there: a quarrel took plnco betweon decoascd nnd prisonor : tbore wns no fighting in tho parlour, but tbore was a fight in tho yard : I went with thorn : thoy fought two rounds, one boforo the polico interfered, and met again to fight another round: could not say how thoy fell in tho last round: no ono struck deceasod but prisoner, or had anything to do with tho fight, but thomselves: tho mnn now lying doad nt Qiloreost's Hotol wns tho man who wns fighting wilh prisoner: afior decensed foil I did not seo any blows struck when deceased was on tho ground. Robert Folder, M.D., deposed: Yos torday between throo nnd four p.m., I was re quested by sorgoant Keenan to visit a man. at Gilcreest's Hotol. snid to bo dying : I went and saw him, and found him dead : ho was on a bed when 1 saw him: I had not seen him boforo: examined tho body, nnd no superficial marks of violenco woro to bo seen: 1 left: this morning made a post-mortem examination of Anthony Guest, the deceased: rxaminod the contents of clmst, and found tho lungs, heart, and all the organs quite hoiibhv : T ii"Xt examined tho contents of ihn abdomen, and found all tho vi-C'rn there also healthy: examined next tho neck, a d, upon cutting down the spine, on tho ccrvieular vertebral found that ono of those had been dislocated, nnd a large issue ol dark blood came from tho wound 1 had mide, whioh inducod mo to believe tho jnglar vein had been penetrated by tho dislocated vertebral: I consider tho cause of death to bo. the dislocation of tho vertebra: of tho neck ; in my opinion, a suddon fall or a violent blow in tho throat, or a full, might produce tho dislocation : a blow on the throat, or a fall on an irregular surface, might produce it. Tho prisoner, on receiving tho usual caution, did not, choose to offer any statement nnd was committed for trial at Batlmrst on 20th May, for tho wilful murder of Anthony Guost. The decision of tho bench took the prisoner by surprise, nnd ho tremulously asked of tho bench whether ho understood aright that ho wns charged j with wilful murder P— Oorr. S. M. Herald. j Parliamentary Contempt. — A bill having boon introduced into tbo Legislative Council of Queens land to limit tho appointment of members of the Legislative Council, a call of tho Houso was ordered for ils consideration. The. clerk having called tho roll of members, nil answered to thoir names with tho exception of Dr. Ilohhs. Mr Douglass said that, according to the 23rd standing order, any member not in attendance was consi dered guilty of contempt. Ho considered that it would bo unbecoming woro thoy to pass over Mr Eobb's absence without somo notice, llo moved — That by not attending, ho bo hold guilty of contempt. Carried. Tho consideration of tho bill wns then proceeded with. During tho debate, tlio Usher of tho P.Inok Rod informed tho President that ho had arrested Dr. Hobbs for contempt in not answering to his name when tho roll of tho Houso was called. Mr Douglass moved that the lion, member bo heard in explanation. Carried. Tho President stated that tho lion, member had boon arrested in virtue of a warrant, issued by him, for not answering a call of the House, Dr. Hobbs said ho regretted exceedingly tho position ho had placed himself in. Ho bogged to state that his nbsenco was neither intentional nor disrespect ful, but unavoidable. Mr Douglass moved that the explanation bo accepted, and that tho lion, member bo relieved from all finos and ponalties. Carried. Tho I'rosidont said the House had looked over tho lion, member's disobedience, and that bo could now tnko his sont. Dr. Hohbs thanked lion, members for their kind indulgence, again statod ho had no intontion of insulting tlio House, and took bis seat. Tho bill, which was intended to remedy what tho President considered to bo a defect in the Constitution Aot, which provided that his Excellency might summon in her Majesty's name from timo to timo to the Legis lative Council such porson or persons as ho might think fit, and thus swamp the Upper House, was thrown out. The Murder of Polynesians.—' The" Melbourne Argus of Saturday reports that Hugh Levinger was, on Friday, committed for trial from the Oily Court, chnrgod with the murder oT three Poly nesian natives whilo lie was acting as supcr'cargo on board tlio schooner Young Australia, in Ootobor last. The evidence wont clearly to show that tho vessol was ongaged in tho slave trndo, going from island to island, her crew picking up what natives thoy could. Ono day, on tlio return of the boats from an unsuccessful trip to Apio, they came across throe men in a canoe, and brought them on board. T'licso mon proved rofractory, and wore put into tho hold nlono, and firod at by tho crow with mus kets. IVhon it became too dark for a good aim, oakum soaked in korosono was fixed upon tho end i of an iron rod and hold down tlio hold. With this assistance, tho wretches who used tho muskets i soon finished thoir victims, and having liaulod jbo bodies on deck, pitched them into the soa. The only evidence against prisonor as having taken active part in this proceeding was that given by the cabin boy. who swears that ho distinctly heard Lovingorsay to aseaman namod Antonio, who was going into the forecastle, that ho might goto hotter shot through an opening in tho bulk- head. " Shoot, if you can get a good shot at them." Tho ovidenco of tho man who held tho light down the hold wns as cool an expression of villany ns could well bo desired. Ho thought himself porfectly justified in doing that or anything else his superior officer might require of him, and ho regarded those natives as so many cattle. When tho Fiji settlers camo on board to purchase these unfortunate men, thoy saw Lovingcr, had a laugh nnd a talk with him, and then took a look at the cargo, " jusUsamo as a gontloman would if bo wns buying horses," before taking them away. Bail was allowed, pri sonor being required to ontor into his own recog nisance of 2000/., and find two Buretioa in-1000'. each, for his appearance on tho 19th May, Sir Roger Tichrorne.— An action was brought against tho claimant to tho Tichborno titlo and estates, in ono of tho English courts of law, by Pcnto and another, on a hill of oxchango for 2G5 /., pnynblo ninety days after sight, drawn in Sydnoy, New South Wales, by Roger Charles Doughty Tichborno, on McBsrs. Drummond nnd Go., of London, and payablo to tho order of Stephen Butts, of Sydney, Tho bill was indorsed by Butts to tho plaintiffs, who aro wino merchants in Sydnoy. and forwarded to London for tho aocoptanco of Drum mond and Co,, who refused acceptance, on tho ground that thoy had no assets of Tichborno, tho defendant. Aftor tho refusal to accept and protest, tho bill was returned. The defendant, who was allegod to bo tho olaimant to tho baronetcy nnd estates of Tichborno, did not appear to defend tho action. Tlio plaintiffs claimed to recover 20 per cent, for ro- oxchango, besides interest and notarial cbargos. &c.; A verdict was givon for tho plaintiffs for 3511. 4s. Inquest at Lake Qeorob. — On Thursday Dr. Waugh hold an inquest nt Long Corner, Lake Goorge, on tho body of a man aged soventy-four, named George Stovons, employed by Mr Win. Stophonson, who had beon found dead on Wednes day underneath a mare ho had in a cart in tho bush. Thoro woro no marks of violence or injury, and tho infcrcnco seemed to bo that deceased had fallen down in a fit nnd died. Tho jury returned a verdiot of died of natural causes. — Goulburn Herald. Stock Reports, — Goulburn, April 23. — Messrs. Finlay and Co. report: — Fat stock : We have sold this week fifty-two liond in all, viz., 20 head of prime and weighty bullocks, on account of W. P. Faithfull, Esq., Springfield, apportioned in threo lots — ono-third to Mr John O'Donnell at 9 1. 10s. fld. per head, remaining two- thirds to. Mrs Hugh O'Donnoll nnd Mr Mahor, of Marulan, nt 01. 10s. Od. Theso woro truly noblo onttlo in quality and weight, and wero woll-dosorving the attention thoy reoeived. Thoso prices decisively point to the fact that when you havo quality nnd weight com bined. buyers will givo to the very utmost what thoy aro worth. Wo also Bold, on account of Wm. A, Ohisholm. Esq., Morrilln. thirty head very primo, weight not cxcooding five hundred pounds, at 5 1, per hoad. and a small draft on account of Androw Gibson, Esq., Tirranna, at (If. Prime cattlo aro in nctive demand at about 17s. Gd. per hundred ; vory ripo, of which thore are few offer ing, 20s. per hundred, and good to plain about 15s. Wo have a draft of superior onttlo, 70 head, for Thursday's sale. Store cattlo : Within tho last fow wooks this class of stock has improved con siderably in vnluo, and anything that can ho con sidered fit for fattening purposes aro bought up rondily, and at an improvement of about 25 per cent, on lute quotations. Everything points to extromo ratos, and must bo gratifying to tlioso who havo lost a per centngo by tho Into drought to find that what thoy have loft will, from their inoroasod valuo, in n measure compensate them for their losses. Wc have sold on account of Messrs. J. and A. Badgory 100 head cows and bullocks at a highly satisfactory prico ; also, through the yards, working bullocks, fit for fattening purposes, nt If. 15s. per head, on account of Mr A. McDonald, of Liggan. Wo havo salo for nt least 2000 head of good store cattlo. and westorn dealers will find this a good market for every description of stock of this class. Store sheep : Nu diiliculty is experienced i i selling really good store wethei.- li! f ir fattening purposes, particularly when brought to the hummer, lew purchasers being willing tn go anv d'stainm in in spect. We have s ..id this week by unction, on account of Andrew Gibson. E-q., 1717 goo I wetbers at as. 3d ; also a small draft of lambs. II to kill, at 5s. ; and 1000 mixed weaners, on account ' of tho Hon. Thomas Holt, Arthursleigh. Breeding sheep aro very little inquired for. and -it is difficult to givo a quotation. Fat wothers : This market remains steady at former quotations, and buyors nro open to purchase at full market rates. Wc quote the best wethers at 8-:.: and plain to good at from Gs. to 7s. Horses: Little or no demand ex cept for powerful stanch 'draught, for which there nro buyers. Messrs. F. S. Cohen nnd Co. report: Fat cattle: Tho inquiries for really prime cattlo if nnything increase, as the rc.-u'ts of this week's transactions will testify, as notwithstanding pri vate advices circulated to tlio trade (for the pur pose of damaging our sale) that a draft of extra lino quality was to arrive at the end of the week, tho prices realised by us, taking into considera tion the weight and quality of tlio cattlo wc offered, may be oonsidere.il as outside rates, being at tlio rato of 21s. per 100 lbs. Wo sold 20 head, on account of Mr W. Urnmpton, very plain and light, at tlio following prices: — 1st yard, bullocks, ol. 10s. : 2nd yard, ditto, 1/, 7s. (id.; 3rd yard, cows, 1 1. 5s ; -1 tli yard, heifers. I/. Quotations best bullocks. Of. to 8/. : medium to good. U. 15s. to 5 1. 15s. Store cattlo: Wo liavo had numerous inquiries during tlio week for storo cattlo of suit- ablo ages, fit for fnttuning, and would advise holders of this description of stock to take tid- i<flntago of the present demand and send to market at or.ee before paddook-liolders become fully stocked. We sold this week, on account of Messrs, - Molnnes, Pnidcvin, and others in all 87 head, as follows :— 1st yard, bullocks. 3/. lis.; 2nd yard, cows, 12s, Gd.; 3rd yard, ditto, 3tis. ; 4th yard ditto. 3ts. ; 5 th yard, steers and heifers. '21, 17s.: anil have placed under offer, on account of A. 0. Lluthwaite. l'Lq , 200 head, which wc anticipate will be. closed Tor during tho dav. Wo quote — all bullocks. 3/. 5s. ; equal si xes, 50s. to 55s. Fat sheep: No sales to report. The market at present is n little depressed iti consequence of privato nil vices having been received from tho metropolis that a heavy supply was coming forward for that market daring tho week. However, wo consider that the depression will only bo temporary, and that primo ripo sheep having weight with quality mu-t before very long advance in value. Wo havo placed undor offer 1900 wethers, on account of N". R. Besnard, Esq., the price fur which wo will report so soon as tho transaction is completed. We quote— best wetbers, 7s. Od. to 9s.; lighter woiglits in proportion. Store sheep: Tlio appear ance of large outside buyers at the sales this week lias caused this description of stuck to advance slightly. Wo have had numerous inquiries for good store wethers, and could place at the present timo from 8000 to 10 000 at what might be con sidered satisfactory nitons. Wo sold this week two lots owes and lambs at 2s. Od. and 3s. respectively, and quote storo wetbers at Is. to 5s.' For brood ing sheep prices are nominal, with vory little de mand. except for first-class fine- woolled sheep Horses: Wc sold in all 1G head at from I/, to 21. His. Any but really fine upstanding herses arc unsaleablo. Sydney. April 23. — Mr O. M. Pitt re ports:— Fat cattle: A moderato supply camo for ward, which wont off nt satisfactory prices. Competition was spirited for any really good pons. The general impression is that primo cattlo will ho vory scarce for somo time to come. I quote best bullocks from 01. 10s. to St.. according to weight; second quality, from 51. 15s. to 01 10s. My sales have been— 73 head (Miller's) nonrly all sows, at 41. 18s, : 59 cows (Cooper's) at 01. Is. 2d. ; 10 (J. and A. Badgory's) cows, at 4/. lis. Fat sheep: Thoro is a general depression in the Bliecp market, not from numbers that havo actually been brought forward for salo. but from some unknown ciuKo; really primo arc scarce and only in demand. I qnoto host wethers from 8s. to 9s.; second quality, from 7s. to 7s. OJ.; middling quality only worth storo rates. Fat lambs : Market -fairly glutted, and prices linvo fallen fully ono-balf sinco Inst quotation. Hay, April 23 — Mr James Forsyth reports: — ! havo still very few local transactions to report. Tlio rccont rain and consequent prospect of abundant grass and water has somewhat exaggerated 11 ickowncrs' ideas of tho valuo of storo sIiocd. Thoro is an activo domnnd, hut holdors advance their limits in a way to dotcr buyers from operating. I havo many: friends anxious to buy sheep for fattening, but who will not pay boiling-down prioo for poor sheep. Although Tat stock realise good prices in tho-Victorian markets now, and the present rates may bo maintained, or even advance, for a month or two. thore will bo a glut of fat sheep, nnd a serious fall in prices beforo shearing. The depression in tho London wool market, notified by the mail just arrived, indicativo of tho further decline in prioo to ho apprehended during the May sales, will tend to keep down the. vnluo of sheep, except the very finest broods, arid I believe many holdors will yot regret havijng refused a fair prico for thoir surplus store stock. Storo cattlo grontly in demand, but not to bo got at presont, Sydney Wool. Tallow, and Hides Markets — The usual weekly sales of wool nnd sheepskins woro held on Thursday. Six catalogues were submitted. Thoy woro not heavy, and combined principally lots of inferior quality, for which high ratos could not bo expected, There was n fair attendance of buyers, nnd prices, considering the nature of tlio news from England, ruled fully as high as was anticipated. Fleece yielded for tho VG 1 2,d. ; MG over N. 9d. : TD. Od. ; II 13, Sid. ; JT, 8)d. ; Dx, 12jd. ; JM ovor Lake Lcavmonth, lOd. Theso woro tho most notable amongst tho lots quitted. Shcopskins woro in vory good domnnd. Thoy realised from 2d. to lid. ; pelts, from Id. to ltd. Tho tallow sales held on Friday exhibited a falling market; and as tlio demand wns confined to local buyers, several largo parcels woro passed nt reserves, Ono good-sized shipping parcel of fair boiling bcof changed hands ut 33/. 2s. Gd. ; primo beef brought 31/. 15s. to 35/. 10s. Tlio liido markot showed continuod firmness, all offered finding buyors at Into rates. Holloway's Pills. — Ingonoral debility, nervous tremor, and mental depression, tlioso unrivalled pills linvo a mnrvollous effect. Thoy have won the eonlidcnco of millions in all parts of tlio civilised world. Constitutions Bknken by sensual excesses, or by long rosidenoo in unwholesome climates, or by sedentary habits, aro wonderfully renovated by n course of this cxtaordinary medicine, whioh, powerful as is its action un tlio whole system, is perfectly harmless to tho tondorest frame. Tho pills nro oomposcd of rnro balsams, without tlio ndmixturo of a grain of any minornl whatever, or of any othor dolotorious substanco. They opm-ato directly, powerfully, and beneficially upon tlio wliolo mass ol blood; nor can wo question the fact when wo soo indigestion cured, liver complaints arrestod, tho oppressed lungs brought into healthful plnv. and every physical function renowed and strengthened by their agency. 