_ SOUTH AUSTRALIAN" EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. I The adj ourned meeting for the formation of an Alliance of Evangelical Churches ia South Aus tralia took place on Monday,' August 30, in the vestry to the Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street. There was a large attendance of ministers, -and of members of Churches who were present in accor ' dance with the_invitation founded on theresolu [ lion of the previous meeting of the ministers. Thp proceedings were opened with prayer. ? The .Kev. M. H. HoDGEwas voted to the chair, and stated that the meeting was assembled for the purpose of considering a draft constitution which, if worked out- according to the principles laid down, would, he believed, be a benefis both, to individual members and the Churches connected with the Society* A letter was read from the Rev. W. Nicholls, cf Brighton, who was unable to be present, expressing his Hearty concurrence with the movement. CONSTITUTION OF THE ALLIANCE. The draft constitution, embodied in the report of the Committee, was then taken into consideration clause by clause,; The first clause, which was as follows, was, on the motion of the Rev. H. CHEETHAM, seconded by the Bev. C. HALL, agreed to without discus sion: " That this Alliance is not to be considered an alliance of denominations, or branches of the Church, but of individual Christian?, each acting on his own responsibility." In reference to the second clause, declaring that no compromise of the views of a member of the Alliance was required or expected, Mr. W. H". Burford made some observations in favour of friendly discussion of poiuts of difference, which, however, it was pointed out did not come within the contemplated objects of the Alliance. After remarks by the Revs. J. Henderson, R. S. Casely, and J. Stoyel, Dr. Campbell, and Messrs. G. W. Cotton and J. Gumming, it was deemed advisable to postpone the final consideration of the clause till after that fixing the terms of membership, which was accordingly done. BASIS OF MEMBERSHIP. On the clause as to membership being proposed, as follows "That the persons who compose the Alliance shall be members of Evangelical Churches, or those who are recommended uy the minister of the congregation with which they statedly worship" the Rev. J. G. MILLARD said the -Evangelical Alliance at home had a doctrinal basis, and liad defined pretty clearly what he thought they gene rally understood as evangelical views. The SECRE TARY having -read' the resolutions of the British | Evangelical Alliance fixing the basis of member ship, the Rev. Mr. MILLARD proposed that they should be adopted as the basis 'of the South Aus tralian Evangelical Aitiance. (Applause.) Unless | they adopted such a basis he feared they would go sadly astray. They would all feel great difficulty an insuperable difficulty, he imagined-in consider ing any Church evangelical which denied the proper Deity of our Jjord,and they would feel some difficulty in considering a Church evangelical whose mem bers entertained defective views with regard to the Deity or the personality of the Holy Ghost-, or the cardinal doctrine of justification by faith alone. He therefore begged to move that they take what had been read as the basis of the Alliance. The basis of membership of the British Evan gelical Alliance is as under: "1. That the parties composing the Alliance shall be such persons only as hold and maintain what are usually understood to be evangelical views in regard to the matters of doctrines understated, namely: -. 1\. The' Divine inspiration, authority, and Suffi ciency of the Holy Scriptures. 2. The right a!nd duty of .private judgment in the interpretation of the Holy Scriptures. 3. The Unity of the Godhead, and the Trinity of Persons therein. 4: The utter depravity of tuman nature, in consequence of the Fall. 5. The incarnation of the Son of God, His work of atonement for sinners of .mankind, and His mediatoiiai intercession and reign.. 6.1 The justification of the sinner 1iy faith alone. 7. The work of the Holy Spirit in the conversion and sanctification of the sinner. 8- The immortality of the souL the resurrection of the body, the judg ment of the world by our liord Jesu* Christ, with the eternal--blessedness of ? the righteous, and the eternal' punishment: of- the wicked. 9. The Divine institution of the Christian ministry, and the obligation and perpetuity of the ordinances of baptism and the Lord's Supper. It is, however, distinctly declared-First, that this brief summary is not to be regarded, in any formal or ecclesiastical sense, as a creed or confession, nor the adoption of it as involving an assumption of the right autho ritatively to define the limits of Christian brother- j hood; but simply as an indication of the class of l persons whom it is desirable to embrace within the Alliance; second, that -the election of certain tenets, with the omission of others, is not to be held as implying that the former constitutes the whole body, of important truth, or that the latter are unimportant." The Kev. W. L. BISKS had great pleasure in seconding the proposition, especially considering so much talent and such a length of time had been employed in the construction of that basis. It was evident that it had been framed, after due con sideration, with airiew of meeting the opinions of an extended class of individuals, because there were certain doctrines held by what were called Evangelical Churches not included in that basis. (Hear, hear:) It was apparent that there had been great forbearance manifested, and when they looked at the great good accomplished by the Alliance in England, he thought they should have a similar doctrinal basis. (Applause.) Sir. JAMES CUHMIKG supported the proposition, which he thought a great improvement on the clause proposed by the Committee. (Hear, hear.) : The Bev. J. Jeffebis would point; out the difficulty there might be in persons becoming members of the Alliance if the proposed basis; were adopted. Were hey expected to subscribe to that creed before they were admitted? He belonged to a Church which did not like putting its handte creeds of human devising, and he thought the membership would be narrowed if they re quired a distinct declaration or subscription to the whole of the creed proposed. . , . ^ Mr- G. SHAW said there was one article in those which had been read that would certainly preclude him-that was as to the immortality of the eouL Christ was the giver of life and immortality, and therefore it was His gift alone. He believedm the eternity of the soul as strongly as any man, but he, objected to the term .'immortality of thesouL The Bev. J. ASHTON suggested that if that were understood to be the doctrinal baas of the Alliance all those applying for membership, who would know that to be the case, might be received without their making any declaration. The Eev. J. JEFFEBIS pointed out that the articles of the British Alliance were declared by a resolution following as not to be regarded as a creed, or as an assumption of the right to define the limits of Christian brotherhood, but simply as a definition of the class of persons whom it was desirable should form the Alliance. Nevertheless, he felt that in saying a person should either openly or tacitly subscribe to that creed, they would be narrowing the Alliance more than they eUTheKev. Mr. Binks thought the last paragraph was a conclusive answer to the objection. Mr W. H. BUBFOBD proposed that the first paragraph-"The Divine inspiration, authority, and sufficiency of the Holy Scriptures" - should be accepted alone as the basis of the Alliance. The Kev. F. W. Cox would second that, with the addition of the second article, affirming the right of private judgment and interpretation. " Mr FT. s. EABL was convinced, with his friend Mr. Jefferis, that if they undertook to make a creed, to which each member was compelled to subscribe, it would lead to considerable difficulty in carry in pr out the Alliance with success. - If they took the first clause as proposed, it appeared to him that was sufficient. If they attempted to maVg a creed it was as much as saying the Scrip tures were not sufficient-(No)-for if those, doc trines were contained in the Scriptures there could be no necessity for a human creed. He saw no necessity whatever for any form of human creed when they had a Divine one. The Kev. 6. W. Patchell questioned whether if they did not adopt a doctrinal basis they would have an evangelical alliance at all, and he'was not prepared to unite with men who would deny any cardinal, points .of the GospeL But if they adopted a basis which did not include those truths they might have men connecting themselves with them whose views would be as diverse as the poles. making themselves a laughing-stock for their in consistency. ., The Bev. J. G. WRIGHT aaid it the amendment were carried it would admit Unitarians, and lie would sooner unite with a Roman Catholic than with one who would deny the divinity and work of Christ and the divinity and work of the Holy Spirit in the conversion of souls. _ Mr. G. W. COTTON could accept, the fiibie with the right of private judgment; but how it was to be received withouithat he could not understand. It might be that in Young Australia he was too con* servative, or paid too much respect to those of all denominations whom he. esteemed his fathers in i the Gospel; but he could not feel at liberty to Join any Evangelical Alliance unless they had some main understanding as to how they were tointepret the Holy Word. Dr. CambbeUi believed an Alliance really on a doctrinal ha*is could not exist, and the fact that the 'Evangelical' 'Alliance av home had prospered showed that there was some machinery behind the doctrinal bKiB. The Re?. jJ. JEFFEBIS pointed out the rfiffiwiity then would be in indndngpereons to subscribe to ft creed while the- object fney had in new <ras to ticlude in the Alliance all those who held what j tobe evangelical views. If they couid^rafy arriro 1 at some mem oldefioing what wew Erwgelfcal I (Jhurches without the adoptionof tnr peculiar i T®??' their objects nT"^ 1 avoid all their dWeS^CHear jT=?-J?*?, - tto'DBSBOisr' approved of Jhe, ado%^i M Ihe <ae^X^Mtil oltifMa; mfli ths? I.?® JSPSejSSry JQdJcip^ j»ronilwL'tbatJi^ one was"T»6un<r m But scribing to it to accept it as a complete creed., qrto.Bav thatli&didnot; believe in abvtiugg wbiph was Irftopt. .1 ii. 1 Air. BOBTOBD suggested that the Alliance should be open to all persons W-ho^phose to present them* selves for membership. The Bey. X^PEIC.?, likethe Eev.Mr. Jefferis, belonged to^a' community1 who diduot like to-pnt their .bands to creeds. At the same time, tbeyhad a general-underefeMiduiK'afi to "the "proper views, and any peison seeking membership in his Churcli who Ijoke^l tpjinything but the atonement of the Lord Jes as- Christ for salvation, -he Bhould advise to wait until, he ^obtained clearer views. The question of an Alliance . was different from a Church; .and although in the Church to which he belonged they professed to seek what was termed purity of communion, be might once in sixlnonths or In twelve months be willing to'sit down to the Lord's table with any who chose to partake without subscribing to any creed or .profession* but simply as belonging to the Evangelical Alliance. . Mr. T. J. GOBS, if they were all agreed upon the f undamental ppint of the inspiration and. autho rity of-Uie SchptunSs,- coold see noriecessity for a creed; but if they were agreed :so as to attach their [names to certain articles, ' 6iicfi as a creed, they Were highly responsible toirod for not forming one ' single -Church. As far as he was -concerned it seemed4b him the right course waB t imply, as they 'all could, to endorse the proposition before them, to take the Scriptures" as their rule of faith and practice. s The -Bev. ? H. CHEHTHAM urged the adoption of the b&sisof; the British Evangelical Alliance' in its entirety, observing thatiittnby wanted to have a substantial building they must have a good foun dation, and there was a-good "foundation laid on which-they.could erect the superstructure. (Hear, hear.) ' The Bev. Jl HENBEBBON would not subscribe to it as his creed, but he would subscribe to it as the basis of an Evangelical Alliance. . The Rev. Mr. BINES presumed, though they had not all creeds, they all believed .the views set forth in the resolutions. The Eev. J. LYALL. as one of the Committee. Bhould have liked, if his brethren could have seen their way to it, for them to have adopted the re port. At the same time he had no objection to a creed being adopted. The effect of it would simply be that gentlemen, knowing those were the views' on which the Alliance was founded, would never, if these were not their views, think of seeking admission to it. (Hear, bear.) Mr.EABL, though he might endorse every word of it. would not.associate with an Alliancetbat would adopt a human creed in place of a Divine one. If they took the words of Scripture, he was prepared to subscribe to them; but he was not to a creed coached in human language. - The Kev. J. L. PABSONS said it would be im possible to expound a creed in the text of Scripture without first settling whether they wereacting upon the authorized - version or not. It seemed im possible to arrive at any real union unless they in some degree defined what .they believed in. To leave it as proposed would, he thought, only lead to confusion. Mr. EARL pointed out whit he held to be the distinction between matters of faith and matters of opinion. What he held to be a matter of faith, as that Christ died for our sins, might be "clearly ex pressed in the language of sacred Scripture. But he objected to deductions from statements, which were matters of opinion, being introduced. The Bev. V. W. Cox, in supporting Mr, Burford's proposition, said he had a great objection to creeds, and never swore to one in liis life. When before the elders he gave a general statement of what he 1 believed to be Scripture teaching; and more than I that he ehouid 'never undertake to do. Another reason "for objecting to the articles proposed was that it would exclude the Societyof Friends-a body of Christians amongst whom a good deal of his earliest life had been spent, and who for holiness, integrity, and zeal of Christian character were second to none-(Sear, heart-some of the finest specimens of Christian character he ever had the pleasure of knowing were among the Society of Friends, and this creed would-exclude them, be cause - it made a formula of the perpetuity of the -Lord's Supper. On tbat mainly he should support Mr. Burford's proposition. A motion that the article* be considered teriatim having been lost. Mr. Burford's amendment was put and negatived. The motion adopting-tbe "basis of Britisli Alli ance was carried nem. con. Subsequently, on the motion of the'Kev. J. L. PABSONS, seconded by Mr. G. W. .COTTON, the clause proposed by the Committee was agreed to as an addition. GENERAL PRINCIPLES. The following clauses under the head of general principles, were agreed to unanimously:-"fhat in this Alliance it is distinctly declared that no compromise of" the' views of any member, or sanction of those of others on the points wherein they, differ, is either required or expected, but that -all are held as free as before to maintain and advocate their, religious convictions, with due for bearance ^ani- brotherly love. That it is not con templated that this Alliance should assume or aim at the character of aliew ecclesiastical organiza tion, claiming and .exercising the functions of a Christian Church. Its simple and comprehensive object, it is strongly felt, may be successfully pro moted without interfering with or disturbing the order .of any. branch of the Christian Church to which its members may respectively belong." - <" OBJECTS" OF THE ALLIANCE. TEe Eev: H". CHEErHAM moved that the follow ing paragraph be adopted: "That the objects of this Alliance be the pro-. motion of brotherly love among the members of Evangelical Churches, the ? defence of Christian truth against pre vailing errors, and the preserva tion of the-sanctity of the Lord's day." Carried, MEANS. The Bev. J.'G. MILLABD moved the adoption of the following clause:- . "That, in order to carry ont these objects, there shall be meetings for united prayer, united com munion at the -Lord's table,-meetings for con ference, public meetings, and such- methods of evangelistic labour as may be deemed desirable." Mr. BOUFOBD took exception to the proposed united communion, on the ground that, as pro* posed, it would not be in accordance with Scripture^ and proposed that the wotds referring to it be left out. ... The amendment was not seconded, and the clause was agreed to. HEMBEBS&IP.; The Bev. J. L. PARSONS moved, and the Eev. J. LTALL seconded, that the following paragraph be agreed to "A.11 persons desirous of becoming members of the Alliance to make application to the Secretary by means of a printed form, to be obtained of him or of ministerial members of the Alliance." Carried. The Bev. S. MEAD proposed a new clause in the following terms: -" That it he within the power of tbe'Committee to declare any particular member in eligible for membership on ground satisfactory to the Committee." The Bev. Mr. CSEKTHAM seconded, and the motion was carried. \- ORGANIZATION. It was reEolved, on the motion of the Bev. J. G. MILLABD, seconded by the Bev. H. J. LAMBEAT "That there be a President, Treasurer, Corre sponding .and Finance Secretaries, all of whom shall be'elected annually by ballot; and a Com mittee, consisting of 12, besides the above officers, four of whom shall retire annually, but be eligible for re-election." UEEUKQS* It was resolved, oh the motion of the Bev. Mr. LTALL, seconded by the Bev. Mr. PBJCE "That there be an annual meeting -for the transaction of the business of the Alliance, to be heldeveiy year in May, to elect the Committee and officers, to receive a report of the year's pro ceedings, and to discuss subjects of general interest suggested by the Committee. That the Commit tee nave power to call special meetings for con ference whenever it may be deemed necessary. That general meetings for prayer be held once a quarter in Adelaide and elsewhere as the Com mittee may determine, on Monday evenings at half-past 7. That ministerial meetings for prayer be held monthly, on the first Monday, at half-past 9\. That meetings for united communion at he Lord's cable be held once a year at such church or churches as the Committee may appoint. In har mony with the above it is suggested that in May there be a "week of special meetings in the fol lowing order:-Monday, general prayer meetings Tuesday,- business-and -public meeting; Wednes day, united communion; Thursday, general prayer meeting'; Friday, general prayer meeting." FINANCE. It was resolved- " " That the sum of 2s. 6d. annually be expected of each member, and thkt subscriptions and dona tions be invited in aid of the objects of the Alliance.". . FORMATION. Mr. A. Dowse moved, and the Bev. HI C&EET; TTAM seconded, that those present form the Society. The motion'-was carried, and a number of names were enrolled. " , " - _ m , On the motion of the Bev. JAMES WAT, seconded by the Bev. J.G. MILLABD, the Bev. James Lyall was appointed President of the Alliance. Messrs.. J. G." Millard and J. Jefferis were ap f Dinted Corresponding and Mr. W. K. Thomas inance Secretaries, and Mr. David Murray Treasurer. The following ministers and gentlemen were appointed to -act as Standing Committee:-The Bevs. W. L. Binfcs, Silas Mead, J. G. Wright, D. J. H." Xbbetson, James Way, and J. fiendweOB. Messrs. G. W. Cotton, J. B. Back, Dr. Campbell* Mr. James Smith. Mr. A. Dowie, and Mr.' George Hancc. " This closed the business of the meeting, which extended over three horns; and the benediction waa pronounced by the Bev. Mr. Binks, who during the latter part of the meeting filled the chair. CHISKFOBD Aim ui KOBTHEBH RAILWAY. We have receivied two letters from the. same source, Advocating the claims of Chinkfoid to considered the site of "a railway terminus proper," the.reasons assigned being that "there cannot possibly be any. nearer railway accommo dation afforded to the Districts, of, Waterloo, Blacl;.Springs, Apoinga, ,'apd the Emu Tlata, to say nothing ~of the couiitry in the Saddleworih District, together with a large.portion of that lying betweeqMintaro and Auburn/' -.The writer adds "The neighbourhood of this terminus is tbe only one that X know of when limestone, timber, flagging, &o..;^8 -aO ft^d^fjthebett quality ma andiioirin a very bad stata sLiuld receive SpwSl attention bofti from fog Government |nd.«w Boad jjottd.". InoondiiMfoa he ? "neither resides at ChinWord nor OWIV* laadin tbe ihtrict. « 