CHIGNONS. a he ladies comures of the present day are as varied in shape and size as their wearers differ in degrees of beauty. The philosophers of old were not all agreed as to the resurrection of the body, but hairdressers of the period have proved beyond doubt the resurrection of hair. The tresses of many a dead belle adorn the head of many a ball-room beauty, and little do we think, when encircling the waist of some fair young girl iu the excitement of a waltz, that we are so near the remains of withering and putrescent mortality. Were the days of the old classical and poetical mythology to be revived, we might fancy that the chignon makers had made a contract for the hair cut in Hades from the heads of the deceased by the daughter of Erebus and Nox. What a fine exemplification of the line of the poet— " A thing of beauty is a joy for ever." It is a mere fiction of tombstone makers, that a grave covers the mortal remains of the deceased. One mortal part, at any rate, is resuscitated to gladden the eyes of posterity. What a consolation it will be to bereaved ones, when gazing on the faded remains of the dead, to remember not only how, a few years back, they charmed the eye and gladdened the heart of every beholder, but also how a part of their perishable beauty will leave an imperishable trace behind it, in the adornment of the head of a posthumous beauty, whose chignon, stolen from the grave, is the admiration and cynosure of all eyes, and the pride of its wearer. There may have been some excuse for body-snatching and burking in the fact that the crimes were committed with a view to the advancement and development of medical science ; but the only ground for the mutilation and dese cration of the dead, for the spoliation of the hair, is the mere gratifi cation of vanity, the concealment of personal defect, and the express purpose of deception. There are, no doubt, strong precedents for the use of chignons in the fact that, in some of the most celebrated and perfect statues of antiquity, the goddesses are represented in a style of coiffure which the hairdressers of the present day have followed, though in a very exaggerated form. The celebrated statues of Venus by Phidias, Praxiteles, and Alcamenes show the chevelure in a form very common in the present day, though those sculptors have not represented the hair on these works in any such extraordinary quan tity as would lead a connoisseur to suppose that it was artificial to the supposed wearer. The simplex mundities which that admirer of female beauty, Horace, so praised in the belles of his day, might well be followed by the beauties of the day in the dressing of their hair. The excessive size and vulgarity of many of the chignons now worn, may be very appropriate to the outre style of the Hippodamias, Cyprians, and " pretty horsebreakers" who throng our streets ; but are hardly becoming to those who wish to retain their character for modesty and maidenly reserve, or at least the appearance of it. Ladies should bear in mind, that extravagance in dress and personal adornment is, generally, by no means a sign of refinement of mind, or simplicity of manners, but rather the reverse. The ladies of Australia are almost all favored by nature with sufficient hair for reasonable capital deco ration without resorting to the spoliation of the dead ; and it may not be out of place to remind them, in these days of spirit-rapping and spirit- visitings, that it is not impossible that they may receive, on some unexpected occasion, from the ghost of some disembodied belle, a spiritual summons for the return of stolen hair to its rightful owner, from their own heads ornamented with the borrowed tresses. Yendys. As a striking proof of the humility of our new mayor, Mr. Walter Renny, it may be mentioned that, after riding for some little distance in a Glebe Point omnibus, he requested the driver to " put him down." Points of Difference. — Corns. I 