THE ALFRED HOSPITAL FANCY BALL. It would have been too marked a difference between the reception of the Duke of Edin burgh on his present visit and that accorded him upwards of a year ago, had this fancy ball been omitted from the festivities held in com memoration of his presence here. There seems to be no form of entertainment so popular in Melbourne-none certainly which is looked on to with such a flutter of eagerness by the ladies, as a fancy ball. A writer in the last number of Tinsley's Magazine, tells us that "it may now be taken as a matter of certainty that fancy dress balls will never be popular in England. The experiment,"' he goes on to say, " has been made over and over again, and has invariably proved, both in public and private, a lamentable failure." If this be so in England, how has it come about that precisely the reverse is the case here, and that fancy dress balls are always popular in Melbourne ? Certainly they are so. The two balls given by and to Mr. E. Cohen in the old Exhibition-building during his mayor- alty, and the ball given by Mr. Bayles and the return one to him in the present Exhibition building, have been, each in its turn, great social events which have occupied the minds of Melbourne people for weeks beforehand, given them an evening of high enjoyment, and afforded them matter to talk of for long after. The citizens and the citizenesses of Melbourne would have been far from satisfied if, amongst the great festive gatherings and ceremonials by which the visit of Prince Alfred thirteen months ago was celebrated, a grand fancy ball had not been included. The City Corporation determined to give such, a ball, and thereby earned for themselves the lasting gratitude of the ladies, who heard the announcement with delight and joyous ex- pectation. The ball was held, and some 3,000 persons, dressed in the most varied, the richest, and most brilliant of costumes, crowded the fine hall of the Exhibition building. Not many of those who were pre- sent will ever forget that display. Melbourne then excelled itself in the magnificence of the gathering, and in the way of fancy balls a point of success was reached that will, in all probability, remain long unsurpassed and even unequalled. Every influence was favourable. The invitations were unusually numerous, and the visit for the first time of a Royal Prince to Vic- toria called forth the desire in all who could by any means get a ticket, to endeavour to make as brilliant a display as possible. With- out expecting to surpass the success then attained, the committee of the Alfred Hos- pital believed that by getting up a great fancy ball on tho occasion of tho Duke's pre- sent visit they would be complying with a widely- felt desire ; and that while they were gratifying the wishes of hun- dreds of people to whom a grand ball is always welcome, and a fancy ball trebly so, they would at tho same time be realising a good contribution to the funds of the hospital. The success of last night's ball shows that they attained both objects very completely. They at once afforded a fine evening's amusement and enjoyment to some 1,300 persons, and collected a substantial amount towards their institution. It would' have been a great pity had it been otherwise. It is now gratifying to see that the Melbourne people who so willingly embraced the hospi- tality of the corporation, and crowded in such large numbers to the former fancy ball, showed, last evening, that they were not backward in assembling for an evening's amusement the profits of which were to go towards so excellent an insti- tution as the Alfred Hospital. The ap pearance of the Exhibition-building, and the general arrangements last night, showed very little change as compared with for- mer balls. The great hall, in addition to its beautiful permanent decorations, had the gaiety of its appearance heightened by a row of flags of brilliant colours suspended along above the pillars. Tho organ in the gallery, instead of being an eyesore, was draped with flags and ensigns, and converted in appear- ance into a kind of trophy. Liveliness and brightness were given to the lower part of the hall by the large mirrors hung on the front of the pillars along its sides. The end of the ball-room nearest the entrance was, as before, occupied by the imposing looking dais, with its rich chair of state and its crimson hangings and canopy. The short space of time allowed for the decorations ' prevented those in charge of the work from, making much use of evergreens, the notice being too brief to allow of their collection. The octagon, which at the time of the cor- poration fancy ball was used for dancing pur poses, was last night employed as a refreshment room, counters being ranged all round, a pyramid of rockwork standing in the centre nearly hidden by creepers and evergreens and flowers, and the large glittering chandelier above, and the gas stars around on the walls, brilliantly lighting up the whole. The courts, the southern and the northern, were lighted up, the former containing the fountain which visitors to the Exhibition will remomber as throwing up jets of many-coloured illumi- nated water of the most brilliant and changeful hues, and the latter lighted by the subdued radiance of a number of coloured lanterns suspended around. The picture gallery was also thrown open for promenaders. The "carriage annexe," as it is still called, was, as on former occasions, laid out as a supper room, and with a row of richly-coloured flags of the most varied tints and designs hung on each side, and a. similar row suspended from the ridge above, with numerous hexagonal coloured lanterns. swinging between the pillars, and the ex- treme end covered with national flags surrounding a painting of very large size of Her Majesty the Queen, the room pre- sented a most brilliant and effective dis- play. It is right to say that the whole work of decorating the building was placed in the hands of Mr. T. Riley, who within a few hours-so short was the notice -succeeded in producing the effect we have described. The tables were laid out to ac- commodate 400 guests at a time, and were handsomely decorated' with silver epergnes filled with the choicest fruits, pots of flowers and ferns with their delicate green tracery, glittering glassware tastefully arranged and elaborate confectionery and sugar work, in which the purposes of ornament were combined with those of utility. The supper was supplied by Mr. R. U. Miller, of Collins-street, in such a style and with such convenience of arrange- ment as to fully maintain the reputation gained by this contractor on many similar occasions. Mr. E. G. G. Smythers, of Eliza beth-street, was the caterer for the wines, and none but the best vintages- Cliquot's, Moet's and Roedener's champagne, and fine hocks and sherries-were placed upon the table. Such was the building, and such the general arrangements. Visitors btgan to arrive about nine o'clock, Thora was no formal reception. Evora P&rty;, found their way in for thomselvos, andstrolled about as seemed good in their own ayes, In. they carno trooping, tho old familiar figures. It would appear, from the ceaseless repeti- tion of characters and costuróos, that th» rango of fancy is not so unlimited after all. Personages of history and creations of ima- gination, cruea'lors and friars, goddesses and vivnndiorcs, naiads of the Grooian mytho- logy, sylpb'j and Undines of northern fairy- land, tho houris and peiis of Eastern Para- dise, Warriors and kings, and " monks of tho 8crev/(" arrived in a constant stream, and «ra- dially the vost hall filled up. At about nine» , o'clock dancing coxninouccd, and musio being supplied by the band of the 11th Regiment and the quadrille band of Mr. Chapman. Dance followed dance in rapid succession. A novelty in the arrangement was the appropriation of ' the gallery for the use ?of such visitors as only "wanted to sec" the ball -without taking any part in it Of these, upwards^of a' hundred took their places in tho gallery, and for a time at any rate, seemed to find it vory amusing to ?watch the briUiant crowd below. When tho main port of the visitors had gathered in the hall the sight was a picturesque and brilliant one. Those -who had been pre- sent at formor fancy balls, held in' the aame building, were at once struck hy thg ranch greater number of "gentlemen and ladies of the nineteenth century" at the 'ball of last evening. The modern customary suit of solemn black figured very largely. To some extent, perhaps, the variety and bril- liancy of the general effect woro toned down by.tho mixture of this unpicturesque element, but on the other hand, the contrast seemed to bring out the individual fancy costumos moto prominently. Howevor tbis may bo, the fact that many of the dresses woro modern considerably reduced our task in giving the detailed descriptions of costumes which find place in The Argus of to-day. This difference as compared with former balls arose from tho fact that the committee thought it advisablo to relax the restriction to fancy costume. Their object was to get as largo on attendance as possible, and there is no donbt that tho relaxation of the rule «onsiderably added to the number present. The number of dresses that require descrip- tion is further reduced hy another cause. Many, both ladies and gentlemen, wore cos- tumes that -were worn at former balls, and wero described then, Why they choie to wear them again is a question that it would be impertinont to put. Perhaps they had in those dresses completely realised their utmost «leal in the way of a perfect costume. Por baps they thought that the highest reach of the art of sartorial or millinery decoration had been reached, and that any change could only bo a falling off. Again, thore was but very little time for preparation. However, it docs not matter what their reason was, bnt the dresses having been described before it is needless to describe them again. If in such respects as these the varioty somewhat fell off, in other ways it was increased. Foi instance, by the introduction of new cos- tumes. It is not to be thought that the minds of the many ladies, and no doubt gentlemen, who have for some time been occupied with the fancy ball as the one absorbing themo, have not succeeded in developing many new ideas in tho matter of costume, short as the timo was. Wo are progressive creatures, and the age is .ne of invention, History and romance, tho ?world of reality and the world of fiction, Tarions countries and various times, poetry and drama, fancy and fact, had all been passed in reviow to furnish brilliant and effective costumes. AU the latent ideas of dress that in the ordinary circumstances of life aro unable to take shape, and only be- come realised on the happy oceasioii 0£ II fancy boll, contributed to the variety, and brilliancy, and pieturesciueness of last even ing's'uisplay. Amongst the various characters who wore represented, as thoro wore somo who attracted attention for the excellence of their make-up, and others who excited amusement from their oddity, so there were somo who made themselves noticeablo on other grounds. For instance, the young man who came as "Lomp- post," and wore a glazed gas-lamp upon his head. Tho thing, fortunately, did not smash or blowup, or anything of that sort, but it continually made people nervpus by the fear that it might. Then thoro ?was tho gentloman, who walked about in a shroud, with his faco .powdered, looking as ghastly and corpse-like as possible He looked like another Lazarus resuscitated expressly for the occasion, to serve as a vory disagreeable memento morl Ho was under- stood to repieseut "Death." It may bo a very cheerful and a very jolly thing to repre- sent Death, but it is not a nice thing to look at, and its presenco does not at all tend to add to the pleasures of a fancy ball. Thoro ?was an excellently made up "Paul Pry," .who did|what very fow tried to do, and that is, acted his character as well as ho dressed it. There was a Robinson Crusoe in white sheep- skin attire, which brought back pleasantly to the mind the late Christmas pantomime, and the actor who represented the part, and is now far away. Thoro was a Mary Queen of Scots, whoso appearance at once explained the pcculiai powor, approaching to fascina- tion, which that Queen used in former days to exorcise on all who carno within her spells, í , The officers of the Galatea, some thirty or forty in number, were present, some in fancy costumes and some in uniform, The same is to bo said of the officers of the 14th Regiment, who wore also amongst the guests. H.R.H. tho Duke of Edinburgh was expected, but had not arrived by the time that we go to press, although ho was still expected. Mr. Monbroy, the mayor of Melbourne,Sand tho Mayoress, who woio an evening costumo, attended the ball, As tho evening advanced the dancing under the inspiriting strains of the music went merrily on. For those whowero weariod of tho dance there was the promenade of the large hall, whero beauty could be seen stealing admiring glances at its reflec- tion in the mirrors as it passed, But, alas for our powers of self-flattory, plaiunoss could bo seen admiring itself quite as warmly. Then thore was tho walk tluough the gal. lery of art, and tho stroll lound tho open courts, where tho fresh air felt grateful after the heated atmosphere of the ball-room. Of the flirtations that woro carried on betwoen characters fiom whom better might havo bean hoped-of high born monarchs dangling after bonnie fishwives, and presumptuous Italian peasants sighing for empresses-it ?would be vain to apeak. A fancy ball is youi true equaliser, History tolls us of only one Ring'Cophetua who loved a beggar-maid -a dozen kings did that last ovoniug. Thon wliat whimsicalities could bo noticed arising from, peoplo assuming dressos without assuming >the characters. lloro was a panto- mimo clown, and there a Roger Wildrako, ?who both seemed to have been bom under the leaden planet, They were dull, and stir! and formal, and vory sad. Why did they not como as funeral mutes? But yonder there wore.a Melancholy Jaques and a Princo of Dom»ark, who scorned tho jolliest fellows alive. Further on thoro was a Highlandmau ?with a tartan of unknown pattern, and an impracticable claymore. Next wo had a Des- demona, who was going on in a way that would justify .tho jealousy of any Othello with- out needing tho treacherous suggestions of an lago. Then, how your fancy dress ball tends to introduce fraternity -of fooling, and to io concile old animosities! Here were personagos who had for ages'figuiod in history as rivals, or in romaneo as the contrasted hero and villain, and now they were to bo seen taking a friendly drink togothor. Thoro a FalstaO and a Captain Macheath, both romembering .the exploit on Gadshill, drew together, and «wore lasting fellowship. And so in dancing and promenading, and flirting and chatting, and taking refreshment as nocd prompted, the evening wore away, and twelve o'clock brought snpper-tiuie. The doors of the sup- per-room were then thrown open, and a largo number crowded ia to supper. Tho arrange- ments ¡for successive % relays were found to work moefc satisfactorily, and after supper dancing was resumed with groat spirit, still continuing whilo our journal is being printed. It would not be right to ctoso our account without complimenting the committee upon the success they achieved. Upon Mr. Butters (as chairman) and Mr, Blair (as hon. secre tary) a laTgo portion ot the work devolvod, hut~ all had their sharo, and performed it ably aud well. It will he gratifyinir to them to see the large measure of success which attended their efforts. The police, too, who kept order at the_ entrance-door, dosorve credit for the way in which they per- formed an nnusuully arduous duty. An officer of the polico informed us that he had nover had so much trouble ?with a crowd before. Melbourne crowds, he said, were generally very orderly, but this one was exceedingly unruly. They would push in the way, and shout uproariously, and would not ho kept quiot. " But, then," he wisely remarked, "they were almost all women, and that accounted for it." We now proceed to a description of THE COSTUMES. For the reasons which have already been referred to, the task of describing the cos- tumes is lighter than is usually tho caso on these festive occasions. There woro still, however, a large number of handsome and effective dresses which demand attention; and such particulars as we have beon able to obtain we proceed to furnish. First, of course, como the costumes of the ladies, and fiom amongst them all, that worn hy Mrs. Butters may very fairly bo selected for pri- ority of notice. "The dresses she has assumed qn previous occasions have all been highly original and characteristic, and this ono was as striking perhaps as any of the former, not excepting oven thoso representing the "Press" and the "Mirror," which weroboth worn at the last fancy ball at different periods of the ovoning. On the present occa- sion, Mrs. Butters illustrated a vory popular and useful art by a highly charac- teristic and offectivo costume which she styled "Photography." Tho dress andbortha were of white moire antique silk, trimmed with blue satin and silver, with sash of blue satin trimmed with silver. The whole of the dress was trimmed with photographs of eminent porsonages and citizens of dis- tinction, symmetrically arranged. Amongst the likenesses were those of His Royal High- ness the Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, Princo Alfred, and other members of the Royal family, together with those of the lion. Eliot Yorke, Lieut. Haig, and several officers of tho Galatea. There were also pho- tographs of Sir H. Manners Sutton, and the two previous governors of Victoria-rSir Charles Darling and Sir Henry Barkly-be- sides the "counterfeit presentments" of most of our principal statesmen and public men. The idea was carried out to the fullest extent, for the belt consisted of photographs, while a coronet of photographs formed the bead-dress. The ornoments worn with the dress-earrings, bracelets, necklets, &c.; consisted of smoU mirrors set in silver, simi- lar to those worn by Mrs. Butters on her "Mirror" costume at tho lost fancy ball. Mrs. Blair, as "Undine," adopted a very pleasing and effective dress. It consisted of three loopèd-up skirts of green tarlatan over white silk, elaborately trimmed with seaweed and coral, and ornamented with gold, silver, and variegated dolphins, flying fish, &c.; ; wreath of coral, seaweed, seagrass, and pearls ; necklace of pearls, and bracelets composed of brilliants, corals, and shells. Mrs. Chisholm, who represented " Night," wore a black tar- , latan dress, spangled with silver; sil- ver zone ; spangled veil trimmed with silver, and çprçnet of stars with crescent in centre. Mrs. Parker, who assumed the dress of a Spanish lady of rank, wore a rich amber dress of mono antique, Maltese lace flounce, Maltese mantilla veil, and high comb. Miss Parker woro tbe costume of Vk Greek Shop herdess, which consisted of white llama dress, trimmed with the Greek pattern round the edge of the skirt, and Greek bodice trimmed with green; girdle of Howers and head- dress to correspond. Miss Fanny Parker, as "Maritana," wore a striking and vory protty costume. It consisted of a skirt of white llama with three bands-blue, scarlet, and amber-edged with fringe. The scarlet, or lowest bands, containing the signs of the zodiac in white ; scarlot volvet hip bodice, amber sash ; head-dress of bright-coloured plaited ribbons, with a profusion of gold orna- ments, including armlets, necklets, &c.; Mrs. Tuckwell appeared as a " Flower Girl " in a pink and white skirt, looped up with flowers ; black volvet bodice trimmed with flowers and coloured ribbons ; and basket of flowers. The costumo worn by Mrs. Robertson, as "Haidee," was a very handsome one. Itcon sisted of a white satin petticoat, edged witb gold ; crimson silver tunic, trimmed with gold, scarlet and white bodice, hanging sleeves trim- med with gold and pearls ; blue satin Turkish trousers trimmed with pearls ; and turban of crimson and gold, ornamontcd with pearls. Mrs. John Cumming, as a Scottish lady of the sixteenth century, woro a magnificent robe of green satin, bordered with white and gold, over a white satin skirt, richly trimmed with gold ; hanging sleeves to match the robe, and under sleeves of soft muslin fastening to wrist, with lace ruflies and gold bands ; stomacher studded all ovor with ornamonts : head-dress of gold, mounted on greon velvet and ornamented with coral ; diamond oar rings and brooch ; gold bracelets and chain. Mrs. M'Mullen appeared as a lady of rank, 1Í595, and woro a rich black satin dress, trimmed with pearls and crystals, opening on an under skirt of white laco lined with white satin, and trimmed in tho same way as tho dress ; the bodice, representing the stylo of the period, was very handsome, naving a deep plaited fnll round the waist, and on each plait a band of bright yellow ornamented to suit the dress, with pearls, &c.; ; lace frill round neck ;hairpowdered,nndhead-dressof plumes. MissM'Mullcn, as "Zuleika, a Turkish lady," assumed a splendid costume, composed of rich pink silk worn under a tunic of Indian muslin, covored with gold braiding and span- gles ; full muslin body, fastened in to waist with handsome belt ; tho small jacket, com- ing a little bolow the shoulders, was of pink silk ornamented, Uko tho tunic, all ovor with gold ; muslin sleeves to correspond, lined with blue siUc ; blue sUk sash trimmed -with gold fringe and ornaments ; turban of bluo étape mounted with plume ; silver and pearls worn on the head. Miss Helen M'Mullen appeared as a young lady of Finland, and woro a white cashmere dress trimmed with sovoral, bands of bluo satin richly braided and orna- mented with silver ; bodice and sash of blue satin to correspond, trimmed with handsome silver ornaments and pearls ; head dross of silver, mounted on blue and white satin ; short veil, spangled with silvor and edged with silver fringo. Mrs. Martin, as a lady of the court of Mary Queen of Scots, woro an emerald volvet robe trimmed with gold and Brussels lace, over a whito satin slip trimmod with laco flounces and gold braid ; the body, which was in strict keeping with the costumo, was of volvot, and very handsomely trimmed; circlet of gold and ornamonts round waist; cordelier of pearls and ornaments down front, fastened at the top by massive gold cross ; volvot cap and plume; emerald and diamond orna- ments. Mrs, Fulton appeared ^ as1 a maid of honour of tho court of Queen Philippa reign Edward III.-in a dress of rich white corded silk, edged with silver cord; pink satin jacket trimmed richly with silvor, and edged with swan's-down ; stomacher orna- mented with silver, and deep gauntlots of swan's-down to wrists ; tiara of silvor and brilliants, mounted on pink satin, from which depended a voil edged with swan's-down. Miss Servico, as "Spring," adopted avery appropriate costume ; tho diess was of white, tho upper skirt of which was noarly covered with daisies, buttercups, violets, cowslips, hedge roses, laurustinus, hawthorn, blossom, grass, &c; ; flowers wore worn in the j hair, and altogether a very cbarming offect was produced. Miss Joyce, as ''Queen of the May, appeared in a white muslin dress, mounted with bows of ribbon, and bouquets of may and roses ; wreath of may in the various tints worn on tho head, with long streamers of ribbon. Miss Paton woro the costumo of a Spanish lady ; it comprised a black silk dress, high comb in the bair, from which fell a large bpauish veil of black lace, ornamented by damask and cloth of gold roses. Mrs. Stafford, as a vivandière, appeared in a pretty character dress of the stylo, com- posed of scarlet cashmere shirt, having a band of white on one side, beautifully ornamontod with £-d; blue jacket, turned back with scarlet fevers in front, with gold ornaments ; white silk vost ; black velvet cap, with gold band and tassel ; and small barrol at side, fastened with strap over tho shoulder. Mrs. Henry Clorko adopted the costumo of a Rus- sian, lady. She wore a white silk dress, trimmed witli hand of blue and gold ; tunic of blue silk, bordered with white, green, and gold ; bodice to match, with stomacher trimmed witb silver ; and blue velvet head- dress, ornamontcd with white plume and gold braid. Mrs. Cameron appeared as a Mexican lady, in a dress of whito cashmere, hand- somely tummed with gold and bluo, over which was n. bluo tunic, ornamented wit i bonds of scarlet," white, and gold, with full white bodice and small bluo jacket worn over, open in front, and trimmed with gold, headdress to snit, making alto- gether a most effective costume. Mrs. Milno appeared in tho costume of a colum- bine; the skirt was composed of white cashmere, frilled and trimmed with bands of gold, and covered with crimson, green, and gold ornaments ; bodice of black velvot, trimmed with gold lace ; wreath of coloured flowers, with long colo streamers. "Winter" was represented t>y Mrs. Croaker,who wore a short skirtof rich blue silk.partly covored with white frosted tnllo, and ornamented with crystal pendants to imitate icicles ; bodice of blue silk, trimmed with tulle, &c;, to correspond with skirt ; head dress of crystal, and long fall of frosted tulle ; blue satin boots, with icicles depending. Mrs. Stanley, as "Amy Hobsart", woro a rich white satin dress, over which was worn a handsomo blue satin train, lined with white silk, and richly trim- med with silver lace ¡ deep ruflles of the period, made of cambric and lace, round the neck. Miss M'Phorson, who appeared as a gipsy, wore a short skirt of black and scarlet striped satin, trimmed with gold ; bodice of black velvet, ornamented with gold coins; scarlet satin scarf, trimmed with wide gold fringe ; and turban of scarlet and gold. ' 'Annio Laurie" found a representative in Mrs. Greenlaw, who woro a short skirt of white cashmore, trimmed with Stuart tartan in satin, bodice of the same material, and handsome tartan scarf worn over the shoulder; the hat trimmed to match dress. Mrs. J. H. "White wore the costume of a vivan- dière, comprising short skirt of scarlet cash- mere, trimmed with gold ; blue jacket of the same material as skirt, ornamented with gold epaulets, &c.; ; vest of white marcella, &c.; MissP, M'Pherson, as "Lurline."wore a very pretty costume, composed of short skirt of pink cashmere, trimmed with silver lace, with an overskirt of green ganze, looped up with coral and seaweed ; bodice of green gauze, also ornamented with coral and pearls ; head dress of coral mixed with seaweed. A gold wand and star completed the costume. Miss Gardiner, as an English peasant girl, wore a charming costume. Tho dress was composed of two skirts, the upper one scarlet and tho under ono green, with scarlet bodice ornamented with wild ilowers, lace, and rib- bon. Mrs. Currie, os"Queenof llearts," was attired in a green silk skirt, with a fold of black silk edged with gold laco and orna- mented with crimson hearts, together with coronet i composed of gold hearts, with necklets and armlets to match. Mrs. Gem- mell wore a rich dress, to represont the cha- racter of "Town." It was composed of a handsome white chene silk, trimmed with rose-coloured satin ; powdered hair and flowors. The dress worn by Mrs. Sirr, as "Lady Teazle," was very effective It con- sisted of a rich bluo moiré antique, trimmed with real lace ; powdered hair, with pearls and, pink roses. A very attractive Polish costume was worn by Miss Walker. It com- prised a white silk tunic, tastily trimmed with ruby velvet ; jacket trimmed with gold .lace, and velvet cap with gold ornaments, A very novel and striking costume was worn by MissAitkin, who appeared as "Miami, the American Huntress." It consisted of a scarlet tunic and green skirt, trimmed with fur ; green morocco belt, powder-pouch and scarf, and cap composed of feathers. Mrs. Lin tott's costume-that of the ' 'Queen of Spades" was exceedingly pretty. She wore a scarlet cashmero tunic, handsomely ornamented, over a velvet skirt, trimmed with gold braid; a gold crown and black tulle veil flowing behind completed tho costume. Miss Brophey, as a French grisotto, wore a very pretty and simple dress, tho general effect being extremely pleasing. Mrs. Roberts woro an elegant courtdress. It consisted of a rich black velvet train over a pink silk slip. Her hair powdered ana ornamented with a graceful plume of feathers. Mrs. Holmes, ns a court lady of the reign of George IV., woro a train of blue glacé, trimmer! with silvor lace and bouquets of flowers ; jupon of white lisse bouillonnée trimmed with white satin ; berthe of tulle illusion, and silver trimmings ; head-dress and oïllaments to correspond. Miss Holmes represented "Moon- light " in a corsogo of blue gros de Naples, puffing of silver tullo, ornamented with cres- cents and bars; jupon of white crape, blue ribbons and bouillons, silver ceinture and crescent; head-dress of silver crescent and 1 stars. Miss T. Holmes, who took the cha- racter of "Spring," wore a train of white and green, trimmed with spring flowers, with head-dress of the same. Mrs. Latham appeared in a costume to represent "Autumn." It consisted of a white satin robe, with white gauze tunic skirt, brocaded, gold ilowers, bouquets, gold wheat, poppy and corn flowers ; scarf of crimson crape, trimmed with gold ; head-dress of gold and corn flowers. A golden sickle and bunches of gold corn were carried in the hand. Miss Malonoy, as " Spring," wore a dress of white and green, garniture of grass and spring flowers, dew-drops, &c.; Mrs. Crooke appeared as a Spanish lady, in a rich black satin train ; tumo of black Maltese lace, or- namented with crimson velvot and gold lace : corsage of black and white satin, trimmed with tulle illusion, velvet and gold laco ; ceinturo of diamonds ; gold girdlo. The head- dress consisted of a spangled voil, scarlet ro&es;, and high comb. Mrs. Hurtle Fisher represented a court lady of the time of Louis XL, and wore a magnificent court dress of tho period, comprising train and corsogo of pink satin, trimmed with satin niching and Maltcso lace ; jupon of white satin, Maltese flouncing, and pink satin ruching. Miss M'Nulty, who appeared as a " Daughter of the Regiment," woro a scarlet and green costume, faced with gold orna- ments and gilt buttons : hat of crimson and gold, festooned with rosettes. Mrs. W. Porter, as "Donna Isabella of Spain," woro a rich, blue satin train, trimmed with handsome Maltcso lace ilouncings, headed with gold ; also, a tunic of black and gold blonde, festoonod with gold laco, a bodice of blue satin, and berthe of Maltese lace richly trimmed with gold and lace ; head-dress consisting of Spanish comb and spangled fall, mounted with scarlet and gold roses : a massive gold chain and cross, togother with a profusion of diamond jewellery, completed the costume. Miss Gibbs, as "Chnstmas," ap- peared in a white silk slip covered with tulle, festooned wreaths of holly and ivy, with a tullo veil covered with snowllakes ; a head, dreBS consisting of holly berries and ivy, with icicles, surmounted by a robin redbreast, being emblematical of the character repre- sented. Miss Jessie Gibbs, as "AnnioLaurie," was dressed in a tucked skirt of Swiss muslin, handsomely trimmed with tartan satin ; a rich tartan scarf ; also, a Glengarry cap, with a feather and thistle ornaments. Miss O'Brien, as "Galatea, asea nymph," wore avery fino dress, consisting of a white silk slip, orna- mented with anchors of scarlet velvet, above which were three green bouillon tunics, very handsomely trimmod with silvor spangles, coral shells, and seaweed of various colours ; a bodice of green tarlatan, trimmed with coral and silver f ringo, a ceinturo of white silk, with a profusion of emeralds and silver lace ; a head- dress of coral, shells, and seaweed, with boots of scarlet satin, ornamented with silver. Miss S^ O'Brien, as tho "Lady of Athens," was attirodin a short skirt of various coloured satins, an amber satin scarf hand- somely decorated with gold laco, a spencer bodico of ceriso silk, with gold and lace trimmings ; satin pantaloons, trimmed with swan's down ; a cap of cerise satin, 'orna« mented with gold gimp, stars, and tassels j satin boots, with gold heels and em bioideicd toes. Mrs. Horsfall, as a1 Spanish lady of rank, woro a very handsome dress of black satin richly trimmed with scarlet satin and silver lace : a square body, white satin front, with tulle puffings orna- mented with Bcarlct and silver trimmings ; head-dress, consisting of Spanish comb, real loco fall, mounted with scarlet cyrstalled roses ; a jet necklet, cross, and earrings, togethor with a profusion of jewellery, scarlet satin boot, with silvor anklets, completed a very olegant costume. Mrs. Henry Westley, as "Zuleika," wore a most olegant and becoming costume, con- sisting of a tight- fitting violet satin fly, em- broidered with gold scrolls, opon in front ; showing a white vest richly studded with ornaments ; long flowing sleeves lined with white satin, violet satin upper skirt to match the fly ; a centro or second skirt of cloth of gold fringed and ornamented with stars, and a lower or third one of white merino, trimmed with gold and satin of similar material to the sleeves ; violet satin trunks drawn closely round the anklo; over the skirts was placed a scarf of white, trimmed with violet and spangles; white kid boots and rosettes, v«lvet cap_ richly jowelled, and tassels, and the hair worn ni long flow- ing curls, completed tho costume. Mrs. Songster woro a handsome court dress of the i reign of Louis, XV.,^ composed-of a long bluo moire antique skirt, the front en- riched with cloth of silver, and trimmed with silver ornaments; and bodice of moire an- tique, slashed with silver ; the bottom of the skirt was trimmed with rich, wido silver lace. Miss Alice Flanigan personated a,Spanish §irl, and wore ' a very becoming and pretty ress, composed of blue, crimson, and black satin, handsomely trimmed with gold tassels and lace ¡ crimson satin cap, with gold tassels and hand, completed tho costume. Miss Sjdenham adopted tho costumo of a Swiss Peasant, which consisted of a blue silk un der-skirt over skirt of tulle, looped up with bows of black volvot ; whito apron, trimmed with Makers lace and velvet, and head dress to match ; white boots, with blue ; bows and silver buckles. Miss 'Morton, as " Que Vous Voulez," wore a pink silk trained skirt, cupping of blue tar- latan, pannier of pink silk looped up with blue talatan and satin; powdered hair; blue flowers and crystal ornaments.' Mrs. M 'Mullen, as a lady of the time of George II., wore a dress of black and amber satin, ornamented with pearls and diamonds ; headdress of period. Miss Helen M'Mullen, as a "Filandaise," woro a dress of white cashmere, elegantly trimmed with blue satin and silver ; characteristic headdress. Mrs. Adams appeared in a magnificent costume as Katherine of Arragon. It consisted of a white silk robe, with scarlet velvet cloak richly trimmed with ermine, tiara of brilliants, with necklots and armlots to match. Mrs. n. J. Mays wore a rich and tastefully-made dress to îepresent the character of " Nerissa." Miss Hodgkinson represented a Cashmere lady, the costume consisting of a quilted corise satin skirt/bluejacket, trimmed with whitefur, and blue cap trimmed with pearls. Madame de Maintenon found a representative in Mrs. Attenborough, who nppeared in a dress of blue and white moiro antique, with rouleaux of scarlet thierry velvet, or- namented with bouillons of white tulle and silver flowers, necklace of pearls, with diamond and emerald star and pendant, tiara of pearls and diamonds, and diamond earrings and bracelets. Miss Strettle appeared as a "Lady of Thessaly," in a dress' of white satin, with the Troy pattern in gold round the bottom of the skirt, upper skirt of scar- let velvet, trimmed with gold fringe, cap to match, pearls and coral necklet and earrings. Miss Calvert adopted a gala archery costume, consisting of white merino skirt, gored with green and gold and batin targets, green tunic trimmed with gold, green and gold turban with feathers, quiver, and bows and arrows. Mrs. Croft assumed the character of " Lurline," wearing a green crepe skirt, trimmed very handsomely with seaweed and pearls, pearl necklace, coral wreath, handsome bracelets, and diamond earrings ; white boots trimmed with seaweed ; the hair falling down below the waist. Miss Patterson, asa "VillageCoquette,"adopted a very pretty costume. It consisted of under- skirt of bluo silk, over-skirt of chintz pattern, looped up with tricolour ribbon, white bodice and velvet band, blue silk hat mounted with roses, white shoes and mit- tons. Mrs. Pender assumed the character of "Night," wearing a rich black moire antique dress, black tuUe ovorskirt spangled with silver stars, tulle fall also spangled, and on the head a half-moon. Mrs. Downie, as a lady of the nineteenth century, woro a lavender moire antique dress, handsomely trimmed with guipure lace and scarlet velvet, coral and white flowers. Miss Downie appeared as " Princess Violet," and wore a white underskirt with scarlet velvet peplum richly trimmed with gold, and cap to correspond, hair dressed with pearls and gold ornaments. Miss Pounds appeared as "Undine ;" sho wore a pink silk underskirt over green tarlatan, puffed on the 'cross, spangled with shells, seaweed, and pearls ; headdress of coral, sea- weed, and shells, hair waved, bronze boots. Miss Reilly, as a Bohemian girl, wore a short amber skirt trimmed with black, black silk tunic embroidered with gold, black belt richly trimmed, and gold band, blue orna- ments, bronze boots trimmed with gold. Miss Scott, of Hawthorn, appeared in a French fancy costumo of tbo reign of Louis XIV. ; short black silk skirt, richly trimmed with spangled scarlet braid, scarlet tunic slashed with spangled black trimming, and turned back with gold, white Swiss body with deep gold fringe, and deep black bolt, with gold hands and spangled ornaments to match ; boots black, richly trimmed with scarlet and gold- Mi« Till j Brentani, as "?^VHnsL, "wore a short white silk skirt, six rows of blue satin ribbon all round, bluo satin bodice topped with whito, hat with flat crown and wreaths, blue forget-me- nots, and blue streamers ; bronze boots, with blue rosettes. Mrs. John D. Sherry, in the character of " Winter," wore a frosted tulle dress, covered with snow flakes, trimmed with holly and crystal ; a robin redbreast on the shoulder, headdress, wreath of holly, -with the hair frosted. Mrs. Lnlman, as a lady of Persia, wore a jacket of green silk square, braided with roses, full white merino stomacher, and loose hanging sleeves, each braided with gold tunic of purple silk, with Persian key worked in gold, &c.; ; velvet cap of same colours. Mrs. J. Jack adopted the costume of a Finnish lady, which consisted of a skirt of white silk, with blue satin bonds, richly trimmed with silver gimp and spangles; bodice of blue satin, trimmed to correspond with the skirt ; necklace and belt of silvor, gossamer fall, and silver coronet. Mrs. John Macgregor,,' os a flower girl, wore an under skirt of white tarlatan trimmed with bluo satin, upper skirt of white trimmed with rose-coloured satin, looped with flowers and bands of ribbon ; black velvet bodice over white lace, .with flowers on shoulders ; gold necklace, straw hat, and basket of flowers ; hair in curls. Miss Swallow was a representative of Spring, wearing a whito silk dress and white tulle tunic, prettily ornamented with spring flowers. Miss Mitchell was attired asa Swiss peasant girl, in a short blue dress, striped round the skirts with bands of yellow, with laced bluo bodice, laced apron trimmed with yellow and blue ; blue velvet shoos, with yellow rosettes, and gipsy hat to match, and gold and enamelled cross pendant from the neck. The following aie some of the most noticeable of the gentlemen's costumes : Dr. Berncastle appeared as a " Knight of the Crusaders." of 1190, in a dress of rich blue velvet, doublet handsomely trimmed with gold lace and fringe, with cloak of white cash m ero bearing the crusaders'cross, in crim- son velvet, silk-lined, and trimmed with gold lace, fastened with whito silk cord and tassels ; coloured silk tights ; shoes ornamented with rosettes ; cap of blue volvet, with white ostrich feather ; a very handsome dagger, a weapon of tho period, hearing vory chaste figures and emblems in bronze, completed the dress, Mr. E. Nunn wore a very effective diess, consisting of blue satin jacket, scarlet braid trimming ; scarlet velvet breeches, or- namented with silver lace; white cashmere scarf, with gold fringe; pearl silk stock- ings and shoes trimmed with satin rosettes. Mr. Henry Westley, as"Selim," woro a hand- some jacket of crimson silk velvet, richly om broidered with gold laeo and spangled with rows of gold buttons ; vest of same material and similarly ornamented ; ballet shirt, well and prettily puffed in front and at the cuffs ; llama shirt, with deep velvet trimmings ; green silk sash embroidered with spangles, &c.; ; silver-bandied dirk and a pocket well illuminated with beads ; purple velvot cap, trimmed with silver lace ; silk stockings, and bronze shoes with rich rosettes. Mr. L. Stevenson appeared in a charac- teristic dressas a'Victorian gold- digger. The red jumper was of silk, ornamented with rich gold huttons, and the trousers wore of white to imitate tho working dress of a gold-miner. Mr. Richmond Henty wore a very hand- some dress, the character represented being tbat of a Hungarian noble. It consisted of a green velvot jacket, richly trimmed with sable and gold; bag cap of. cerise velvet bordered with fur ; whito pantaloons and Hessian boots'. Mr.'Charles Kenworthy, as the " Pasha of Eg^pt," wore a dress of blue velvet with gold trimmings, scarlet waistcoat, wide Turkish trousers of white cashmere, and fez. Mr. Matthew Mitchell appeared as a Spanish noble, in a jacket of black \elvet, richly trimmed with blue Bilk. Mr. J. H. White woro the . uniform of tbe first Victorian Cavalry, consisting of a bluo cloth jacket richly ornamented with gold lace and turnings, scarlet facings, black trousers with broad gold stripe, ana scarlet cap. Mr.1 Nash woro a very handsome dress as a huntsman of the F russ) an house- hold. It included a green velvet tunic with scarlet turnbacks, trimmed with rich gold laco ; white pantaloons and Hessian boots, trimmed with gold ; hunting-cap of green and gold, and gold-hiltcd dagger. Thecostumeof a "GrandTurk," womby Mr. W. T. Moffatt, was a very handsome ono. It consisted of a crimson velvet coat, lined with rich bino silk, elaborately ornamented with gold ; a blue silk vest, very open in front, and ornamented with gold cord, buttons, stars, &C.;: a full white shirt with handsome front ana ni files ; sash of crimson silk, trimmed with gold fringe ; pants of very fine white llama, with crimson velvet gaiters, richly embroidered with gold; turban, consisting of crimson and white silk, ornamented with stars and crescents, and oriental pointed shoes. Mr. Cameron assumed tho character of "Ma sanieUo,' wearing a white shirt, striped over with gold ; small blue trowsers, crimson netted silk scarf round the waist, fisherman's cloak of brown cashmere, handsomely bor- dered witb bands of scarlet and blue silk, braided with gold, and a gold girdle to fasten it, Mr. William Pittman, as " Elvino," wore a black velvet jacket and breeches, richly trimmed witb blue and crimson silk ; silk hose, bronze shoes, and small hat trimmed with crimson silk and feather. Mr. Hart ap- peared as a page of tho court of Henry .VIII., and wore a blue jacket, with short ¡Bleoves puffed with yellow satin, and trimmed jail round with white ; full breeches of tho period, puffed like the jacket ; silk stockings,' pnd shoes with rosettes ; hot trimmed with while, and a feather. Mr. Collins, as a l"Mulctcer,"woro apnrple velvet short jackot, richly trimmed with gold lace and bells on ¡every availablo spot ; very rich oriental scaif, silk hose, velvet leggings with bells, 'phort boots, and suitable hat. Mr. Alfred Born, as "Claude Melnotte," wore a green tunic, neatly trimmed with embossed satin ; tricolour belt, white trousers, and French peasant's hat. Mr. H. A. Williams adopted ,a sailor's costume, consisting of blue sailors' jacket, with a heavy fall of white corded silk, bound with white and bluo corded silk ribbon, and bluo flannel trousers very wido at foot. Mr. Edward Pittman, as an officer of hussars of the Mexican army, wore a scarlet jacket, heavily braided with gold lace; trousers with gold loco stripes, and hussar jacket hanging over shoulder richly trimmed with gold lace. Mr. Houso ap- peared as a Mexican noble; his dress con- sisted of a scarlet velvet jacket, slashed with white satin ;f blue satin breeches em- broidered with silver, scarlet velvet cloak, faced with white satin ; a graceful plumed hat, and Hessian boots. Mr. J. Davis ap- peared in the costume of a Polish gentleman, the dress being of black velvet, with a scarlet sasb; and cap trimmed with fur. Mr. Currio's dress, that of a nobloman of the fourteenth century, was ai noticeable one. It in- cluded a crimson yelvet coat and trunk hose, very tastefully embroidered ; a vel- vet cap with gold band and scarlet plume., Mr. II. J. Mays wore a very suitable dress for the character ho represented-a broker during the great South Sea bubble of 1720. It consisted of ,a large blue coat with gold lace trimmings, white vest similarly orna- mented, black satin pants, silk stockings, shoes and buckles of the period, long brown wig and cocked hat. A plentiful supply of prospectuses and scrip of the scheme, of a humorous and local character, woro carried about for distribution in the room. Mr. W. B. Jones wore a handsome costume as the "Earl of Rochester." It comprised a scarlet silk doublet, open in front, displaying loco ruffles : trunk hoso trimmed with white lace: broad collar, scarlet cap and feathor. Mr. w. H. Rocko adopted the costume of a cavalier of the reign of Charles I., which consisted of a maroon velvot tunic, hand- somely tnmmed with gold lace, and faced with blue satan; richly embroidered cross belt to match ; laco ruffles, silk stockings, morocco shoos, and black velvot hat. Mr. N. Levi appeared as "Charles II., or the Même Monarch." He was dressed in a buff silk plush jacket, trimmed with gold lace ; creen silk velvet trunks trimmed with gold lace and scarlet ribbons ; russet boots trimmed with lace ; Charles II. wig ; lace collar and cuffs ; hat and plumes of scariet and violet. The following is a list of the ladies and gentlemen who appeared in fancy costumes, and of the personages whom they repre- sented . Abbott, Mlee-Flower girl Abbott, E. M.~ An abbot Abbott, Mrs -lady of tho 18th century Allan, Misa Agnes-Lady of Athens Alexander, Mr,-Haronito gentleman Aller, J.-Spanish Oaotana Alston, Miea- Flower girl Allon, M-Goddess of Music Allen, Mrs.-Dress A la Wattoau Allon, Mrs. L.-Lady of 14th contury Anderson, T. Y.-Councillor's costume Andoreon, lír. Caleb-Major P, W. V. L. H. Athens, liles 0.-Miami, Huntress of the Mississippi Arosinck, Mr. F -Gentleman of tho 10th centurv Adams, Bobort-Oliver Cromwoll Adams, Mrs. Robert-Katharine of Arraeon Aitken, J. M.-Windsor uniform Allan, G. L.-Spanish costume Allan, Mrs. G. L-Winter Áicocb, »r,-Trr°iCÎ2 Costume Alcock, Mrs.-Spanish lady Atcbison, Frank-A Garibaldian Adam, Mrs. John-Queen of Rose» Adam, John-Hunttman Aller, Miss B -Venetian lady Aschorberg- Old Irishman, Mike Rooney Anderson, James C-Kalaf, Pnnco of Astrakan ABho, Müs-Spanlsh Gitana. Beswicke, J.- Iago Burtt, W.-Spanish peasant Brush, Mrs.-Evoning dross Byrne, Thomas-Hunter Balley, J.-Eugcno De Lormo Birkmire, W.-University Rowing Club Brush, Mr.-Evening dress Budden, Miss E.-Swiss peasant Brown, Charles-Ab-dol-Kahn Blackwell, R. H -Louis Del Franchi Banks, T. H.-Volunteor officer Brown, Miss Sarah-Swiss flowergirh Britton, Mrs. Alei.-Flora Buchan, John-Captain V.V.R. Black, Mrs. George-Beatrice Bowman, Robert-Polish peasant Bo«man, Mrs. Rubort-Spanish matador Barry, J. M.-Sportsman Barker, A.-One of tho Ethiopian funambulist» Ballantyne, Lindsay-Cricketer Bell, Miss M.-Summer Bell, L W.- Lord Darnley Burtt, Mr. John-Antipholis of Alabama Britton, Mr. Henry-Unifotm of Artillery officer Bropmfleld, Miss M. A.-Spanish gitana Broomfield, Miss-Lady of the 18th century Burkett. Mrs.-Turkish lady Boyd- Swiss peasant Boll, fra -Charles II. Binnie, Mrs.-Lady of the Lake. Banksj Mrs.-Phillis i < Bond, Mr. C. B -Gontleman of the 18th century Bennett, Mrs. E.-Henrietta, Duchess of Orleans Bajley, Hon. R.-Albanian costume , Bance, Captain R,N, ; i 1 Braham, D. Biddle, W. C.-A Barnsfielder Baxter, Mlfs-Christmas Burrows, Mrs, E -Cecilia Brophy, Miss-French grisotte Balcombe, Miss-Night i Beaney, Dr. J< G.-Military costura* Baker, Major-Uniform Barker, Miss-Camolia Bennett, J. B.-Sir Peter Teazle Brophy, Miss E.-Lady GaySpankor. Bellman, Mrs. J -Mrs. Page. Brown, Mis» Mary-Grecian shepherdess. Browne, George-Earl of Leicester Brady, T. J.-Russian nobleman Bennett, H.-Albanian peasant Bennett, Miss-Swiss costume Bennett, T. K -Hotspur Bakor, Miss-Pomona Bennett, Mrs. T. K.-English peasant girl Butters, Jamea Stewart-Highland costume Butters, Mr». J. S -Photography BorncastlQ, Dr.-Knight crusader, year 1190 Bemcastle, Mrs -Evening dress. Bishop, Mr.-Evening dress Budden, Miss-E\onlng dress Bom, Mr. A -Claud Melnotte Bennett, Miss-Court lady, George III. Cnomley, A. Collins, MIeb Crouch, Mrs. Ctisp, Mrs. Thos. Clarke, Miss Jane-Prussian lady of rank Carson, Miss B.- Fronen peasant girl, 1640 Carson, Miss-Bellah lady i , , Camer n, Miss-Elizabeth of Siborla Crltp, Thomas-Gentleman of tho sixteenth centur Crossloy, Henry-Ca>ulry uniform Corcoran, W. 1\\-Barnstor-at-law Corcoran, Mrs -Sultana Corcorarj, Miss-Spider Corbett-Guerilla chief Cleland, Miss-Spanish lady Carandinl, Miss Fannie-Azucena Carandlni, Misa Rosina-Spanish lady Carandini, J. F.-Fra Diavoll Chapman, Miss-Lurline Cameron, Miss-Spanish Gitana Cooper, A. H.-Sojourncr from the East . Cairn, Wra.-Oliver Goldsmith Calvort, Mrs.-Arc cn-Clel Croaker, Mrs. C.-Wlnter Cossu, Carlo-Vice-Consul for Italy Chester, Miss-Dobardcur Crooke, Dr.-Volunteer Officer Clarke, Hoot.-Fra Diavolo Crisp, Thomas-Gontleman of 10th century Corcoran, Miss-Prlneo Arthur Clark, John G. narke, F.-Queen of tho FairieB Clarke, A. E.-Fra Diavolo Cutter, B. P -A Shellback ' Croft, Jos.-NospohUin fisherman Campbell, Mlss-Tho Wild Flowor Conway, MIbs-The Daughter of the Regiment Chalmers, Ulai G. A.-Might Chalmers, G. A.-Persian gentleman C'arke, Henry-Lord Raglan Clarke, Mrs. Henry-Russian lady Cameron, Mrs, Alen.-Morning Crosbie, P.-Military uniform Crooke, E.-Warsaw uniform. Crooko, Mrs. E.-Fancy Dress i CoombeB, MIbb-Rosebud Casey, Hon. J, J.-Rob Hoy Currie, Mr. J.-Nobleman of the 14th century Currie, Mrs. J.-Qncon of Hearts Chambers, B. B.-Engineer Cornual!, Mr. A.-Captain of Volunteer Rifle Bl gado Cleary, Mr.-Garibaldi Colloy. Mr.-Turk Cowoll, J. Vf.-Gentleman rider Carter, Pat.-Student of tho Melbourne Unlrorsit; Cooper, T.-Consul's uniform Clarke, J. E.-Spanish gentleman, 17th century Clarke, Mrs. Wni.-Fancy evening dress Campbell, D.-Matador. Spanish bullbalter Calvert, Mr.-Count Alfonso Clarke. J.-B.A., Molbourno University Craik, D.-Volunteor uniform Cjerry, T.-Spanish muletoer Curaring, John-A Turkish officer Catty, N. J.-Grecian Philosopher Casty, J. J.-Helen Macgregor Colva, Mr.-Eneas Mackintosh, Highland gent! man* Croft,W.-Gentleman of Verona Croft. Ure.-lurline Chard,Mrs. Alfred-Queen Louisa Chard, Alfred-Pago of Charles II. Cumtninr, Mrs. John-Scottish lady of 16th centur Creswick, Miss-Araphltrite, Goddess i f the Beag Crcswick,Wr.-Gentleman of the 10th Century Corcoran, Miss-E\cnlnfr dress Corcoran, ii, W. P.-Evening dress Camlet, Mr. J.-Evening dress Chimben, Mes-Roman peasant Chisholm, Mn. George-Might Crooke, Charle-Nlght in the East Crooke, Robert-University dress Cliai mun. A. K.-Victorian Block)¡der Cuiuiin, R. J.-Seliiu Cameron, Mien-Colleen Bown Curtain, P. B.-Spanish Muleteer Cameron, D. J.-Mosaniollo Camelon, Mrs D. J.-Mexican lady Carter, Mlsi- Snow Chambers, Captain W.-Uniform i, Cromey, Misa Ellen-Dulcinea, del Toboso. 1 Drew, Miss M.-Gitana Drew, Mrs.-Night Drew, Mlis-Morning Dirtier, Mr.-Midshipman Dobson, Miss Hannah Spring Draper, Mr.-Charles I. Dawes, J. T.-Druid prlost Donaldson, Charles A-Fra Diavolo Davies, Miss M.-Scotch losslo Downie, Miss- Princess Violot Davies, Miss-Bed, whito, and blue < Davies, Nr. H. L.-King Theodoras i Damme, Mrs. Karl von-The Evening Star Dottrel!-Colleen Bawn Don, Mrs. J. W.-Daniah lady ot 14th ce Dunn, John-Amlnadab Block Djer, Chas.-Lieutenant ol Light Horse Dyer, Mrs. Chas.-Dona Inez Dclplanquo, L.-Turk , Dobbin, Mr. C. L.--Qrcok costumo of 19th century Dickson, Mr. M.' S -Garibaldian Dickson, E.-University student Donaboo, John.-Student of Molbourno University Dtmaino, C. B.- Princo of Wales Light Horse' uni- form Danson, Richard.-Fancy dress Da\ldson, Georgo-Sergeant's uniform of Vic- torian Volunteer Light Horse Dowdle, MÍ68-Paulino Dismoor, Miss- Swiss peasant Ditmoor, Miss Julia-Hungarian maid Dunn, Arthur-Midshipman Dugdale, Captain-17th Light L. R. V. Dobbin, Mr. Frank-Captain of the Foretop H.M.S. Arethusa Dowling, Miss-Madgo Wildfire Delmaine-Mrs. Ormsby Everard, Mr. John-The Bearded Boy, knlukcr becker costumo Everard, Mrs.-Fancy dress Ellcrkor, W. H.-Garibaldian Ofllcor Ed« ard«, MaBtor John.-A featherweight Edward«, Mrs. John, juu,-Joan of Arc Edwards, John, jim.-First character - Lord Frederick Verisopht, of H.M.S. Gelatin»; Becond character, Woman In Red Eosdown,MisB Kato.-Annio Lauris Earle, Geo.-Military uniform Ellis, J. E. -Paul Pry. Farmer, Miss-English Gipsy Frost, MrB. Furness, Job.-Cavalry officer Fennossy, Míbb-Linda di Chamouni Finlay,Misa Clara-Highland lassie Finlay, Miss-Sea nymph Finlay, Hits Martha-Flower of Dumblam Fulton, Dr.-Court surgeon Forbes, Miss- Court lady Fulton, Mrs-Maid of Honour Flannigan, Miss Alice-Spanish girl Fitzgerald, Capt. L.-Prince of Kokcr (Eastern Asia. Folk, Mrs. Henry-Swiss peasant Forward Forwood], Mr.-Paraguayan officer Forwood, Mrs- Lima Forward [Forwood], Miss-Italian peasant girl Fisher, Mm -Lady of the Court of'Louis XV. Forbes, J.-Garibaldi Folk, Henry-Swiss peasant. Fagan, Mr.-Not a new knight of Melbourne, but an old Molbournite (knight), not behind his time Fagan. Mrs.-.Rebecca Foy, H.-French officer Farrar, T. U.-Charles II. Fitzgerald, Mr.-Monk of the screw Gillespie, Alex.-Noble in tho Reign of Charles II. Grimwood, Thomas, jun.-Hungarian Ofllcor Gardon, Captain Glllbcc, Captain-Uniform Gillbco, Mr.-Staff-Surgeon B.V. Gray, Charles-Ofllcor of M.U.I.O.O.F., Port Phil- lip district Greenlaw, Mrs. Wm.-Annio Laurie Greenlaw, Wra.-Major Galbraith Girdlestone, T. M.-A Saxon Gibb, Miss-Christmas Gibb, Miss Jessie-Annie Laurie Gibb, John-Charles I, Gruben, Mrs. E.-Red Rldinghood Gano, W_Fra Diavolo Grico, James-Gentleman of IStli century Grabor, E.-NobkjrnoB of timo of Charles III. Gillies, D.- Gentleman of present century Gidorson, G. M.-Cousin Joo. Greavo, y,6B E.-Littlo Bed Ridinghood Çrice , J.-Plain drcsB Gregson, Mrs. J. L.-Lady of reign'of Charles I. Gibson, Master-Pago Glover, James-Henry, Earl of Richmond Gardiner, Miss-Polish peasant girl Gtllbeo, Miss-Night Gregson, Miss J. E.-A fairy Greene, 8.-Officer in undress Garrett, Robert-Irish gentleman of tho 18th cen- tury Grant, JameB.-Highland Chief Green, J. Sydney-Leonardo da Vinci i Galbraith, Mrs. D. S.-Spanish lady Galbraith, D. S.-Freemason Grico, Mrs.-Lady of fifteenth century ! Gordon, Dr.-Academic dress Garrett, Hobt.-Darno Grlzzy Oldbuck Guesdon, Mrs.-Moonlight Guesdon, Mr.-Court dress time of George IV. Guesdon, W. A., jun.-Polish gontloman Glen, Mrs.-Lady of tho loth century Glen, J.-Vonotian noble Givan F.-Don Pedro Glvan, Mrs. J.-Daughter of the Regiment Gair, J. 8.-Lord Lovell Gorman, Mr.-Marquis of Pentonville Gorman, Mrs.-Cora ' Giran, Mrs. J.-Daughter of the Regiment Humphreys, Captain-Villiers, Duke of Bucking- ham s Hosie, Mrs.-Lady Mars) Hayman, L. H.-Bolphcgor Hartridgo, Mr.-Druid Holmes, Miss M.-Spring Hogg, S. P.-Courtier reign of Georgo V. Hingston, Mr.-Sir Michael St. George House, S.-Mexican noble Hosie, Miss S.-Colleen Bawn Holmes, Mrs. Edwin-Court lady of 18th contury i Henderson, R.-Cricketer Hurt, S. B. -Costumo of Charles II. Hayward, Mr.-Cardinal Bicheliou Hart, William Charles-Page of the household of Henry YIII. , Hodgkinson« Miss-Cashmore lady 1 Holmes, M'ss E.-Moonlight Henty, Richmond-Hungarian nobloman Hammond. Mr. B. K.-Alexis Zarovitch 1894 Harris, W. G.-Colloglan Hamilton, MihJ T.-tKight >? Habbard, Mrs.-La dame do la Serporeni ? Hock, Miss-Bofo Bradwardln ' Hood, Mr. J. AV.-Etudiant du Lycto Francais Hornet, D. E.-Uniform aisistant-Burgeon of volun- teers Hepburn, Miss-Fancy costume Hepburn, Miss A.-Bohemian costumo Horsfall, J.-Monk Horsfall, Mrs.-Spanish lady of rank i Hammond, Miss-Court lady Georgo III, Hayward, Miss A. E. N.-Greek girl Hayward, Mrs.-Fancy dress . Hunt, Mrs. B.-Swiss peasant Hewlott, Dr.-Druid Hcaloy, Mr.-Princo II. Francis of Spain Healey, Mrs.-Maritana Halles, Fred.-Man Friday Hodgkinson, Percy Clifford-Sailor of French navy Hodgkinson, Miss-Dolly Vardon Holmos, John-Officer of Now Zealand Volunteors Holmos, G. H.-Salem Scudder Hunter, A. L. H.-Jeannie Skato Hines, Miss-The Romp Hailes, lire. G. B.-Lady of tho 17th century Halles, William-Robinson Crusoe Hickling, Mr. F. J.-Gentleman of the 19th cen- tury. Ireland, R. S.-Blazes, an individual escaped from the infornal regions Ireland, Miss S.-Night : Johnson, R.-Bassanio Jackson, Miss Rosalia-Lady of timo of Louis XVI. Jor.cs, 0. G.-Royal Arch Mason Johnson, Mrs. -Fancy dross Jordan, C. S.-R.N. , Jones, H. B.-Earl of Rochester Jones-Major of 14th Regiment Jojce, Miss-Queen of the May Jacob, Miss-Bed Rldinghood Jamieson, Geo.-Royal Stuart Tartan Johnstone, R ile Bruce-Highland costume Jones, Mrs. Major-Swiss peasant Jordan,IMts8 E.-Olirlska Johnston. Miss-Sea Nymph Jowcrs, Harry St. John-Court costume of the pcriodl Johnson, Miss-Flower girl Johnston, Charles-Long Tom Coffin Johnson, Geo. R.-Red Cross Knight Jack, Mrs. John-Lady of Finland Jones, B.-Jockey Johnson, Miss-Vlvandlîro ' Knox,B. W--Fusbos Kirby, Miss Harriett-Italian peasant girl King, Miss Alice-Nannotto Kyto, Miss-Black domino Kyto, H.-Hnmlot Klninmont, D. S.-French nobleman Bing, Miss M.-Flora M'lvor King, John-Gentleman of 10th century Klcm, Mrs_Spanish lady Klcm, F. C-Greek knight Kcaterson, M las-Swiss milk girl Kell cher, Robt.-Student of Melbourne University Kelleher, Miss-Daughter of Uio Regiment Kennedy, Hiss- Ziska Kennedy, J.-Highlander Kennon, H -Gentleman reign of Charles I, Keimon, Mrs. H.-A Polish lady Lemprlerc, Mr.-Zouave Lempriero, Mrs.-Preciosa Lowe, Miss-Lady of 10th century Lansley, T.-Evening dress Lansloy, Mrs. T.-Evening dress Lansley, W.-Boyal Arch order of Froomasom Livingstone, Miss-Morning. Livingstone, Cooper-Chinese gentleman. Liston, John-Turkish officer Leplastrler, H. H.-Edgar, Labertouche, Mrs.-Fronch marquise of 17th cen- tury Lempriero,-J. H-- -Knight Templar Laurence, W.-French mariner Lanrenco, M las Magpie-Lady of Finland Lempriero, Mrs. T. H.-Zouave vivandière Landall, Mr.-Due do Nevera Lawrence, A.--Nobleman of the time of Louis ZVL Lye, G. B -14th Rent, uniform Lee, D.-Cathedral chorister) Lucas, Mrs. C. J.-Christmas Leo, David-Cathedral chorister Long, 0. W.-Joseph Surface Lang. Mrs, Matthew-Lady of reign of Charles II. Loughnan, Andrew-Turkish costume Lev^N.-CharlesII. Landall, Walter-Barristrr-at-law Lamara, G. T.-Ching Soon Limara, Mrs. J,-Hilda of the Isles ' Lempriero, Miss-Night Long, D. R.-Gentleman of time of Queen Eliza- beth Lane, Halter-Menotti, Garibaldi's ion Lane, Mrs. W.-The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein Lane, W.~Zouavo officer Levey, G. 0.-Pontifical Zouavo LlndBav, William-The lost sheep of the mountains. Lang, Matthew-Locksley " Lulman-Turkish costume. Lulman, Mrs.- Lidy of Porsla I Levey-Artillery ofHcor , Lukoy, Mrs.-A gleaner Lintott, Mrs. 8.-Queen of Spades ; Lyons, J.-Punch ^ - 1 Lldde, J.-Courtior of the lime of Charles II.. i / Lovett, G. J -Don Fernandos '"* " Lyons, B,-Gentleman 10th contury ? ) ' Lee, Harcourt-Lieut. V. V. Light Horse . . Latham, Mrs.-Autumn ' ' Moody, F. A.-Masanicllo Mitchell, M.-Spanish nobloman -' ? Mogul, Mr.-Hindoo Mason, Mrs, Jos -Spanish lady Mowling, Geo.-Friar ' Mowling, Mrs, Geo,-Fancy dress Magill. D.-Officer of infantry. Mackenzie, John-Russian citizen M'Dougall, 0. P.-Neapolitan gentleman» Meares, R. 8.-Cavalier 14th contury. Meares, Miss-Might Mier, Augustus-Gentleman 10th contury ' » > Mlcr, Miss Claro-Parisian flower girl M'Dougall, A, -Neapolitan fisherman Miller, R. 0.-Venetian nobloman Mowling, G.-Friar Martin, Ag.-Ainlna Macgregor, Mrs. John-Donna Violett« Macgregor, John-The Macgregor . M'Ewan, Mrs. Peter-Peg Wofflngton Martin, T. J.-Portuguese peasant Moubray, M. T.-Mayor of Melbourne, efflolaïl costume < . , Martin, Miss-Maritana H'Caughoy, J.-Garibaldian volunteer ' M'Gregor, John-Tho Macgregor Macgregor, J. M.-Vonna Violante Martin, Miss A, G.-Atnlna Messetor, Mrs. Thos.-Night Mcssoter, Thos.-Court dress " '. Martin, P. J.-Fauchetto Martin, A. J. n.-^Spnnlah nobloman Madden, F.-Right Hon. tho Lord Knows Wh«-i ' Morris, James-Caspar, King of Spain i i Morris, Miss Margaret-Marla M'Coacli, Miss-Cinderella il'ilillan, Miss-Princess Zoboido i Murray, Miss-Helen Macgregor , Marlow, Miss Margaret-Summer Messenger, Mrs.-Night Marsden, Mr. F. J. M.-Prussian undress uniform' , Maroden, Miss-Miami, Huntress ef tho Mississippi Manden, MUs Lucy Cynthia-Flower of tho Forest M'Lcan, Mrs -Nymph of the Stream iwoqgc, ; M'Lcan, Mr. Malcolm-Don Garcia do Silva JTTÍj .. Millen, Mr.~14th Regiment * **** Marlow, Miss-Inez ' Marlow, Mr., jim.-Brigand Middleton, F. W.-Spanish gontleman Middleton, Mrs.-Polish lady Marsdon, F. W.-Fancy dross Macpherson, John-Highlander of tho Macpherson* clan Maine, Crawford-Corsican Gentleman of Last Contury Morrow, T.-Cromwoll M'Combo, Miss-La Filio du Regiment M'Guiro, R. P. Martin, Dr.-Fra Diavolo Martin, Mrs. Dr.-Lady of tho court of Mary Stuart. Mann, Miss Rosa-Zillah Munday, John-Cavalry offlcor Macmillan, Mrs.-Lady of timo of George II. M'Hugh, Patrick Hugo-Brian-bo-Rouoh ' . Mocmillen, Miss-Finlandaise Macpherson, Miss-Gipsy Queen Macpherson, Miss P -Lurline Maoticr, John- Garibaldi Miller, Mrs. R. 0.-Paris (siege of Troy) Mawbey, Miss-Maggie Lauder Mawbey, Misa M - GipBy Meaney, Miss-Polish lady Meaney. Miss H -Greok shopbordoss M'Kee, Misa-A Georgian M'Cotnbe, A. G.-A rock scorpion in evening dress. MacGrogor, Mrs. John-Flower girl Mitchell, Miss-Swiss peasant girl Mortloy, H.-Italian brigand Middleton, H. B. A.-Greek prince Madden, walter-Mazzaroni Matthew, James-Garibaldian soldier Minlfle, W. -Naval offlcor MinlOo, Mrs. W.-A Catalonlan girl M'Croo-Turkish lady Maunsoll, G.-Monk of tho Screw Milos, T. J.-Artilleryman Martin, P. J.-Gontloman of tho 19th contury, Macquarie, G. A.-Sailor Mount, Miss-Dolly Varden Moore, Mrs. E. C-Mary Queen of Scots. Milne, G. M.-Gontleman, time of Charles II. Milne, Mrs. G. M.-Columbine Moroney, Miss-Spring Mooro, Dr.-Medical staff R.V. Artillery Moorohoad, Miss-Hebe Mbjb, H. J.-Stockbroker. MayB, H. J. Mrs.-Nerlssa In " Merchant of Venice." Mitchell, Miss-Swiss girl Martin, 0. B.-Warwick M'Cormick, Miss-French grisotto M'Donnoll, S. W.-The Stranger M'Dcrmott, Duncan-Jan Stewart M'Cullagh, Miss-Night Maddon, John-Her-; o{ Harare«-. Madden, Mlss-_Zcriirfa M°ddCu, Walter aiathcson, Miss F.-French fancy dress Moore, G. W.-Paul Clifford Montefiore, Mrs. S.-Lady of tho 18th century Mayfield, Miss E.-Lady of Palermo Mayfield, M'ss C-Daughter of the Regiment M'Donald, Miss A.-Polish lady M'Fherson, D.-Stockrldor Nathan, Miss-Maritana Needham, Miss-Fancy dress Nicholson, Mies-Court dress of George II. Newell, A.-Spanish peasant Newell, Mrs. A.-Fancy dress Newberry, J. Cosmo-Zouavo d'Afrique Nicholls, C. F.-American plantor Nicholas. W.-Garibaldlan Nichols A.-Gentleman of time of diaries II. Nash, H. 0 -Prussian jager Nettleton, Mrs.-French lady Nettleton, 0.-Swiss gontleman Nunn, E. J. B.-Mochiavolll Nunn, P. H.-Rifleman Nunn, Mrs. P. H.-Swiss lady Norris, J. F.-Fra Diavolo Nicol, Misa-Scotch lady, timo Mary Queen of Scots Nicholson, James- Peba Auer reign of Napoleon Oxtoby, Mr». C. C-Silver cloud Oxtoby.C. C-Gentleman in Black O'Hea, Mise-Swiss peasant girl Oaks, Miss A.-A peasant girl Oakley, G. N.-The gentleman In Black O'Brien, Miss-Galatea O'Brien, Mrs. P.-Lady of tho 10th oentury ? O'Brien, Miss 8.-Maid of Athens O'Brien, P.-Gentleman of the 10th century ' Oppenheimor, A.-Figaro Oswald, Mrs. F.-Corea O'Leary, M'Carthy-Rowing costume O'Hara, Miss ft-French peasant Owen, T.-A monk O'Farrel, Mrs. F.-Spanish lady Oswald, Mrs. J.-Nowhavon fishwife Orr, Charles-Captain of tho maintop^of H.M.S Saucy Jnck O'Hara, Miss-Spanish peasant O'Hara, Miss Ellen-Polish lady O'Hara, MIbb-Andaluslan peasant. Plummer, Mrs. William-Quoon of Christmas Plummer, William-A Mabomedan gontloman Patterson, Miss-Villago coquette Porter, Mrs. William-Spanish lady Porter, William-Oliver Cromwoll Phipps, Mm. H. F,-Neapolitan peasant girl Phipps, H. F.-Turkish cavalry officer, Perdor, Miss-Undine Patterson, Robert-Cavalry offlcor Parkinson, R. J.-Cavalry offlcor Parker, Mrs. Hugh-Spanish lady Pittman, W.-Elvlno Powell, E. J.- O'Artignan ' Pittman, E. E.-Mexican hussar : , Price, Miss Annie-Sea nymphj Pardoe, Mrs. 0.-Fancy drcEB Pollard, Mr.- Christy minstrel Parker, A.-Lambert Simnel personating Edward, Earl of Warwick Parker, Mrs. A.-Scotch lassie { Panter, Lieutenant W. H., Royal Navy Peebles, W.-Garibaldian volunteer Parker, Miss Fanny-Maritana ' Peebles, Mrs. W.-rSmuggler's wife Parker, Miss-Greek Bhcphordoss Paterson, Miss-Rose Bradwardine Favey, T.-Spanish monk > Fendar, M. L -Marquis do Frontignac! Peryman, W. H -Evoning diplomatic costuma Pickersgill, Joseph -Paul Pry ' Pincott H, Stowe-Lord Dundreary Peake, Miss-Nymph of the Wave Paterson, W. S.-Ofllcer Bengal cavalry Robinson, G. W. A.-Alfred Evelyn Row, F.-Franciscan monk Row, Mrs. F.-Greek costumo . > Roberts, Mrs.-Court lady of present century Rutledge. A.-14th Regiment I Riddell, Miss ft-Ariel Renca, Miss-Little Red Riding Hood Richardson," D.-Brigand Rooke, M. A.-Cavalier reign Charles I. Robinson, Miss-Forget mo-not Russell, Miss-Fancy dross Rushall, O -Mayor of Fitzroy 1 Rushall, Mrs.-Uno Darno Français Rowan, A-Captain Lynch , Rojcraft, Miss E.-Hebe Ho} craft, Miss-Grecian Girl ' Roycraft, Mrs.-Spanish Lady > Rblnd, J. J.-Hussar Rbind, W. G.-Conrad the Corsair Richardson, W.-WUl-o'-Watch , Royce, J, W.-A Greek. s\ Reid, Curtis-Evening Star Reid, Mrs -Scotch Lassie Robinson, Miss- Leah Bobinson, G. W.-Midshipman Robinson, Miss J.-Huntress Reid, Thomas-Gontleman of George IV.'a tim* Robertson, W. W.-Hindoo Robertson, A. W.-Count Robb, Ronald-Turkish noble Robs, H. F.-Man-of-war's Man Ryan, Henry-All Ben Hassan , Ryan, Mrs. Charles-DuchCBS St. Alban'e, 170» century Rolls-Young Rook Russell, Miss-Flower girl Russell, Mr. J. L.-Neapolitan fisherman Russell, Miss H.-Silesian shepherdess i Ryan, Miss-Robo of Castile Raphael, Mrs. H.-Martha Raphael, MUs-Lily of the Valley Sangster, David-Lord Randolph Sirr, Mrs. E. H.-Lady Teazle Shier, P. F.-Benedick fjtodart. Miss-Flower girl Shier, J. S.-Mophiatophelos Schmidt, L. O.-Renato Smjth, J. K.-Fabien del Franchi , _ Smith, J. L.- Provincial Grand Master of Free- masons, Queensland . . , Staples, G. W.- Undergraduate Melbourne TJnfcer sily ' Scrivener, F. E.-Allquls i Sciivener, F. W.-Memo. Sinclair, Miss H.-Poliah peasant girl Smith, Mrs. Jardine-Dawn gwalliw, MlcB_Sprlng Bloane, Alcr^oircassion chief glnclain, P. Ö.-Spanish nobloman Sinclair; 10,188-Lady In the reign of Charlo) II. Sinclair, a.-Court lady of 17th Century .SangnteJi-, Mrs. D.-Court dress of Louis XV. .-SwallojÄr, Thomas-Naval Brigade Volunteer uniform .Sly, MI&j-Queen; of Spades Stephen, MIsb M.-Mary Queen of Scots .'Stophon, F.-Gentleman of tho 10th century. StAphen, Mrs. F.-F*ncy dress . Stephen, Miss Zoo-Fancy dress , 8ervfco,|Jamos-Windsor uniform. -'forvico, Miss-Sprlilg. Mimmonds, E.-Friar ' Stewart, W. A.-Stockrider Sydenham, Miss-Swiss peasant . Stackpolo, Adam-Monk of tho Screw Stewart, Mrs. I. C.-Morning Steavenson, L. H.-Digger . Story, T.-Gentleman of tho 10th century Smith, William-Merchant of 10th century Smith, A. K.-HorNaln Sel, F.O.B.V.A. Stowait, Mrs. A. Sydenham, W. A.-Garibaldi Staff, Edward-Evening dress . Strippllng, Miss F. Simmonds, W.-Garibaldi Siggins, 0.-Earl of Rochester Stewart, G. R.-Pago , Sandilands, B. N.- Mayor of Emerald-hill Smith, S,-Young man out for tho night Sinclair, Mrs P. S.- Court lady 17th contury Strachan, Mrs John-Zulolka Stanley-Lloutonant R.N. Summorflold, J. W.-Gontloman of the 10th century Stanley, Mrs-Amy Robíart Stafford, Mrs. Chas -Vivanlloro Stafford, Miss M.- Collcon Dawn Stoddart, J -Gentleman of tho 10th century Swanson, James-MophUtopheles Strettlo, Miss-Lady of Thessaly Strottlo, Stratford-Lazzaronl Smith, W. R.-A ghost Skinner-Highlander Smith, Miss-Liberty Spensley, Howard-Don Fornandos Sherry, Mrs. John D.-Winter Saudiiatids, Mrs. B. N.-Malay woman Skinner, Mrs.-Circassian lady Skinner, Mita M.-Tyrolcao maid Skinner, J -Mcphistopholes Smith, Mrs.-Maritana Shoppard-Court dress Scurry, F.-Claudio Scurry, Mrs. F.-Italian costume Sumner, T. J.-English gentleman, timo Quoon Elizabeth Stark, Miss-Swiss peasant Stark, M. B.-Aido do camp Smith, Dr. L. L.-" Something horsey" Sw ceney, J.-French peasant Sabclbcrg, Mrs.-Lady I. Vane Sabolbcrg-Modorn ghost Serrell, E.-A débardeur Sorrell, W. H.-French postilion Sorrell, Mrs.-Venetian lady Smith, II, S_Mr. Mantiliul Smyth, F. L.-North Gipps Land reefer Sherry, J. D.-Colonol Foard Spensley, Mrs.-Donna Juliana Tredcgor, A.-Charles Larkins Freshman Taylor, Miss-Fancy dress Tij thall, S.-Captain V. V. force Tuckwell, MIsb-Flower girl Teague, Dr.-Physician Taylor, Mils-Village belle Thompson, H.-Turkish dross Todd, &. C-Highland costume Tarrant, Mrs.-Tho Princess Mlcomicona Tarrant, Edmund-Black monk, O.S.B. Tregurtha, Miss-Princess of Oude Tankard, Mrs. J.-Gipsy Tijin, Miss-Christmas Tj e, J.-Undo Pete Thomas, 0.-Cliarlos II. Vincent, Mrs.-Beatrice Ware, Miss-Thotis Wilkinson, MIsb F.-Evening dress Watson, Mrs. George-Daughter of the Regimont Warner, II. N.-Folle ABulores Walters, Miss-Swiss peasant Walters, lira.-Flower girl Watkins, Mra.-La Vlvandlfcre Wesley, Henry-Greek Princo Wesley, MrB. Henry- Zuleika Walton, George-Long Tom Coffin Wraggo, Alderman-Official costume Wreggo, Mrs.-Florentine lady, 1589 Wilkinson, MIbs-Onions Watt, G. F.-Garibaldian Watt, Miss Bessie-Lona, gip«y girl Watkinson, Miss-Village coquette Walker, P. N.-GariLaldl Whitford, R.-Officer. R.V.V.A. Walker, Miss-Peasant girl Wintle, Edwin-Gentleman in Black Wilson, C-Nobleman of porlod of Charles II, Walford, F. A-Italian brigand Wheeler, Mrs. D. D.-TwluVht 'Wilson, Mrs. C. A.-Bohemian peasant Watkinson, Mrs.-Lily of Killarney Wilina, C. A-Gentleman in Black "White, J. H.-Vivandioro Wooldridco-Coniit Stanislaus Potowski 'Warner, Mra. J.-Donna Elvira 'Winch,Miss- Flora '' Wiseman, A-Spanish nobloman Wiseman, W.-Court dress, Charles II. Wintlo, Miss-Persian lady Williams, U. J. Whitcomb, Mrs. W. P.-Nlrad Wliitcomb, Mr.-Uniform B.V.U. Walton, Mrs. T.-Lady Teasdale Werner, Miss-Court dross of time of Charles II. Warner, J.-Sir F. Chantrey White, J. H.-Brigadier General Webster, Mrs.- Fancy drofcs Williams, K. A.-Sailor dross Ware, Joseph-Huntsman Ware, Mrs. Joseph-Claudo.of Franco, wife of Fran ? da I. Warley, Miss-Normandy poatant Watt, Mibs- Royal milkmaid Waller, Miss-French peasant Woolf, Miss II.-Night Wiseman, Miss Laura-Noll Gwynne Westwood, Mrs.-Spanish lady Webster, Miss-Daughter of tho Regiment Webster, J. D.-Freo Selector Webb, R._Lioutenant of New Zealand Rangors White, Mis» Mary-Polish girl Webster, Miss-Daughter of Victoria Watt, Miss J.-Whito Lady of Avenal Walton, G.-Russian Bpy Watcrflold, W. P.-Don Furioso do Los Llanos Watt, G.-G rand Turk Watt, Miss-Forgot-mo-not White, F. D -Ruy Gomoz Webster, J. D.-A free selector Wobstor, D. Woods, Miss-Black-eyed Susan Woodland, Liout. H. L.-14th Regiment uniform Winter, Mrs. W. J.-Lady of tho 10th century Young;, G.-Roderick Dhu Young, J. W.-Highland soldier Young, Mrs. J. W.-Flora Macdonald Young, Mr. Honry-A Sprite Young, MIbs E.-Indian Princess Young, Mr. H.-Zo the Octoroon *U following ladies and gentlemen ap- peared in. «vening costumo : A. Andorson, E. Adot, Mr. and Mrs. A. W, Astley, Henry Allon, D. Abbot, P. A. Agnow, B. C. Aspinall, Mrs. Aspinall, Dr. Avcnt, J. Ackman. Mr. John Blair (hon. soc.), William Benson, G. Black, H. Bennett, Mr. and Mrs. Born, Mr. and Mrs. B. Bow, Alox. Britton, Dr. Bowen, Captain Black, Mr. Booth, F. Braham, Dr. Bird, James ßrueo, J. B. Brougham, Mr. and Mrs. P. Brodio, W. Bullock, G. A. Brown, T. E Boyd, J. Burkett, C. E. Bright, filarle« Bright, Mr. and Mrs. W. Birnie, A. Balley, Mr. and Mrs. Benson, Mrs. Bretannl. J. Carson, F. Crofts, Curtis, 0. Croker, D, Curtain, Walter Clarke, A. Cormowoll.MiBsOhalkor.W. Clarko, N. Chevalier, M. Craig, Cameron, C. Candler. Mr. and Mrs. Dobbs, Mrs. Drapor, Mrs. Dane, J, W. Don. E. Durand, W. Donaldson, T. S. Dobson, D. Duflin, J. Duigan, H. V. Dulgan, J. Davies, Geo. Darrell. Mrs. and Mils Easdown, Mr. and Mrs. Edwards, OowanEvans, H. T. M. Evans Mrs. Mid Miss Falrhurst, R. A. Fitch, J. R. Fagan, Mr. Finlay, William Finlay, Mr. Flshor Geo. Green, J. M. Gridler, Wm. Godfrey, Mr. and Mrs. C. Gray, T. Givan, Mr. and Mrs. Glen, Henry Gullett, Wm. Greenaway, Hugh Georgo, H. Gates, H. George, jun., C. Gray, Mrs. Gardner, Mrs. J. A. Gill, Mr. Richard Goldsbrough, Hugh Glass, T. Glass. F. W. Haddon, AV. G. nomphill, B. G. Haig, Johnson Hicks, Edwin Holmes, Miss Humphrey, W. Hitchcock, Robt. Harker, Miss HalHon, A. K. Hall, V. Hamilton, J. Hart, W. Hockln, Mr. and Mrs. J. Holley, Mrs. Hart, Captain Humphreys, Mrs. Hop burn, C. Homo, Wm. Hill, J. S. Hone, Edwin Holmes, Mr. Hill, Miss Ireland. B. Jamieson, Mr. and Mrs. T. G. Johnston, Joshua, J. Johnson. James, W. T. Jonos. Mr. and Mrs. John Kennedy, Konworthy, E. Koop. Mrs. Lindsay, S. P. Lord, F. J. Land, A. L. Lear- month, M. L'Ektraneo, li. Lovy, W.H. Looker. G. W. Martin, Maddon, MIsb Moanoy, W.rr. Moffatt, Mullor, Dr. Murray, James Moon, Mrs. Miller, Mrs. Mansfield. Milton, Mrs. Milton, Mooro, Mrs. Mooro, 'Captain Macklo, Jas. Mason, R S. Meares, Miss Moore, Mrs. Moore, Miss Martin, Mrs. Moubray, May, Mrs. May, Mr. and Mrs. M'Cutchoon, M'MUIan, Mrs. 'Guigan, Misa M'Grcgor, Miss M'Nulty, R. M'Farlano, MissM'Donald, 0. M'Clean. , Miss L. Newberry, Edward Nasmyth, J. Nathan, jun., Miss Newman. Mr. and Mrs. Ogg, Misa OBwald, Mrs. T. Ojwald, Miss Oaks, Mr. O'Hca, O'Donovan. _ H. B. Palmer, John Purso, Mrs. Pollard, F. W. Prell, Captain Porrott, C. P. Potloy, norbert Palmor, W, P. Pinn, E. Pittman, Thoa. Parsons, jun., Patter- son, Mra. Patterson, Miss - Patterson. H. Raphael, Mr. and Mrs. Runting.T. Reilly. R. P. «ajmonil, Rogers, Chas. Ryan, A. Robb, 0. Riddell, E. Robertson, F. Robortson. C. F. Somerton, A. A. Sleight, J. N. Sayce, Mr. and Mrs. D. Sponco, Mrs. Sheppard, Dr. Serrell, Mr. and Mrs. J. p. stewart, Miss Hmart, J. Strachan, H. St. Quinton, W. Stephenson, John Steavenson, The lion. H. Si"w-:i, M.L.O., A. Seddon, Mr. and Mrs. Sohier, »It»:-'¡Swallow, Jardine Smith, James Steel, Q. W. Smith. W. H. Stool, John Shillinglaw. n .-,... Townsend, J. A. Thomas, Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. S. 3 lythall, \v. J. L. Tully. 0\. II. F. Ulrich. . " D»vl?, Wobstor, Wm. Walker, Howard Wljloughby, 0\. T. Whitford, Louis C. Wilkinson. Walters, Wm. KA1'» Mr- and Mr»- rom w»«i J- L- Walton, 0. bright, Walsh. H. Woolf, Wynne, O. Watt, E. Westby, Mrs. Charles Watt, D. D. Wheeler, Wilks, Mib. a Walsh, W. J. Wlntor, Mrs. Wollaston, E. Wollaston, B Windridge, William Wilson. "? » oui g, MIbs E. Young, Josoph Young. Semous AccmENT.-On Monday afternoon a van, containing a load of furniture, belong "18; to Messrs. Urquhart and Adamson, of uold-Btreot, was placed on board the Tran- mere luggage-boat, and when the boatmen were getting another cart on board the steamer gave a lurch, when the van already aboard rolled over the wedges, and, breaking ST"» gangways, launched into the river, ine tarpaulin which covered the furniture acted as a balloon, and kept the vanalloat a «.Wns *°wed to nn adjoining slip. Some « tho goods broke away and were lost. ?Liverpool Albion, Deo. 28. 