DAILY ISSUE. ' MONDAY, 1st FEBRUARY, 1869. The Mining Boards not only live, but now and then one lacks. Why the institution should live we do not know, though years back we gave reasons why it should not live. As far as we can see, the Ballarat board continues principally for the receipt of £50 a year for each of its members, and we suppose the same remark will apply with equal pertinence to all the boards of the colony. They have no real work to do now; but as they cannot abolish themselves, and are exposed to the fatal neces sity of receiving £50 per annum per member, the dreary form of meeting at intervals has to be maintained. Civil servants, old and young, have been sent to the right about by our retrenching Government, many offices have been abolished, or have disappeared as distinct things, but the Mining Boards survive the hideous ruin and combustion of so many snug sinecures or semi-sinecures. Monthly, or bi monthly, or some other kind of gatherings of members are held, and the farce is really kept up with very creditable powers of face by the annuitants. Everybody knows that the gold fields can be governed now withot local legis lative bodies, and that one code ought long since to have been cast for the uniform admin istration of mining law, but still the country pays over £5000 a year for the maintenance of something considerably worse than nothing. As long as the Mining Boards exist they will be making believe. They will meddle and muddle, and hinder the coming of the uniform code which must come for the regulation of all our gold-fields alike, from the Ovens to the Leigh, from Bendigo to " the Snowy." Not the slightest interest is taken in any elections for Mining Boards now, unless among the Little Pedlington coteries that get up con temptible little rivalries or animosities in their little circles, and so make a fuss about the necessity of getting in Popkins and keeping out Hopkins, while both Popkins and Hop kins have no concern so great as that which looks towards the tithing of the £500 a-year dis tributable among the ten members. When the members are elected they behave admirably. As histrionic displays the meetings are a great treat. It is said that the old Roman augurs had great command of the facial muscles, and beyond a slight closing of one eye, or a pecu culiar compression of the lip, it is possible those old humbugs could pass one another without much expression of opinion upon the nonsense then current as matters of faith or yuuu »»' discover a secretivcnesss—that is, tho faculty of con trolling expression of opinion and feeling— and they go through their periodical little comedies with excellent behavior. In the earlier times, when they had something to do, and were a reality instead of a sham, they both worked and quarrelled, and many pretty little scenes occurred, but nothing of that kind ever happens now—at least not in so decorous a body as the Ballarat board. There is an in stinct which prevents all that. Members ex perience the force of circumstances, and are as discreet as they are useless. They know they are not required for any purpose of sufficient public utility, and that they exist chiefly as a statutory necessity for the absorption col lectively of £5000 a-year, at half-yearly or yearly intervals. Knowing this, they have a delicate sense of the imprudence of making the exact state of facts disagreeably prominent, and thus a sensitive and sensible polite ness, mingled with pleasant little make believes of discussion with the old ritual of notice-papers, minutes, correspondence, motions, amendments, and so forth, serve to keep the little game quietly and unostentatiously going. Of course there are occasions of infinitesimal benefit to somebody outside the board, as when some gold-fields commoner or some miner has a grievance to get redressed, and when the boards may intervene as a kind of benevolent buffer be tween the complainant and the Government; but all this is not a public necessity which can be met in 110 other way. The modern art of deputation- mongering has provided for all sorts and conditions of people remedies for all sorts and conditions of grievances, and we need not subsidise a half score of unnecessary boards at a cost of £500 a-year apiece to do —nothing, or something that could be done just as well without the boards and the subsidies. The boards have no revenues to administer nor public works to supervise, and their many conflicting laws are a nuisance to the mining public, calling for immediate remedy. The remedy is a uniform code for the whole colony, and the abolition of the boards. We will be prepared to give them a courteous conge, be cause they are the decayed remains of what was once a living and useful institution, whose work was once real work of value, but now is done, and whose continuance is no longer necessary. But, as we have'said, the boards live, and sometimes they kick. The Ballarat one threatens to lift its heel against the Chief Judge of Courts of Mines. Mr Wlieeldon has tabled a motion for the abolition of that judicial function, and he may perhaps be able to give good reasons for a motion which at present looks, to use a vulgar but nervous word, rather " cheeky." People not in Mr Wheeldon's secret may say that a more sensible motion would have been one for the abolition of Min ing Boards, but it is Mr Wheeldon's good for tune not yet to have come to such unpleasant counsels. He believes in Mining Boards, but not in the Chief Judge of the Courts of Mines, a nd no doubt he means to let us all know the reason why by-and-bye. There is a cuttle and a subtle fish that puzzles its enemies by making the water dark with an inky liquid, and perhaps Mr Wlieeldon may be unwittingly performing the function of the fish now, and calling out for the abolition of a high judicial office to prevent too direct a pursuit of the abolition of Mining Boards, kept up at the price of £5000 per annum. Be this as it may, it is pretty generally admitted that there no longer exists ft necessity for local legislative bodies for mining purposes, and that the sooner the Mining Boards are put aside and their cost saved, the better it will be for miners in particular and the tax-paying public in general. To a retrenching Government eager for a crown of economical virtue, the abolition of the Mining Boards should be an easy and grateful task. They cannot be utilised very well as electioneering agencies, so the severe moralities of our Ministers need have no qualms of conscience, but may strike off the £5000 a-year, and let the ten boards pass away where the ghosts of departed Local Courts may be supposed to wander in quest of vision ary court fees, and their newly disembodied successors may haunt the shades for shadowy semblances of annual subsidies. 