ANNIVERSARY OF THE COLONY Whatever may be the other peculiar cha- racteristics of the people of Sydney, it will not, be doubted that they have a happy knaok of adapting themselves, without apparent in- convenience, to the business of holiday- making. The celebration of the eighty-first anniversary of the foundation of the colony yesterday was not any exception to the rule. Even under the discouraging circumstances of last year, when, as will be remembered, the rain poured down in torrents, the whole popu- lation of the city and suburbs turned out to do honour to what we presume will be here- after regarded as the national festival. On that occasion, however, there was an unusual in- centive in , the presence of H.R.H, the Duke of EDINBURGH. The poor production of the chaplain and the artist which professes to reoord the incidents of the cruise of the Gala- tea makes particular mention of the regatta of the 26th January, 1868 but fails to notice, as might have been expected under the circumstances, any of the historical associations of the day how the city that sent forth its tens of thousands to enjoy themselves in defiance of the rain, and the fleet of merchant vessels in the port, nobly represented, then as yesterday, by the Sobraon, as flag-ship of the regatta, had sprung into existence in eighty years. This reflection, however, invariably recurs to the thoughtful people of the colony whenever the anniversary comes round, and we feel assured that it was not absent yesterday. Last year, the flags and banners that had been hung out in honour of our royal guest drooped miserably in the rain, and it needed all the pluck and spirit of MARK TAPLEY to be "jolly" under the circum- stances ; but yesterday there was no such depressing influence. The warmth was perhaps rather greater than would have been desired if we could have selected our own weather. We have passed, during last twelve months, through a series of events calculated to stir up to their uttermost depths every good and every bad feeling of humanity, and we have arrived at results which enable us to turn once more with good fellowship to each other, ready to weloome again the distin- guished visitor whose life was so miraculously preserved, and who is not afraid to trust himself again amongst us. Under these auspicious circumstances, New South Wales yesterday completed her eighty-first year. THE REGATTA. The annual regatta, In commemoration of the eighty-first anniversary of the foundation of the colony, took place yesterday. The weather could not have been more auspicious cither for pulling or sailing! A gentle north-east «ind sprung up about 0 o'clock and freshened" during the day, and this, togo ther with tho passing clouds, tempered the rays of tho noonday sun. The favourite ship Sobraon was kindly placed at the disposal of the Regatta Committee by Captain Elmslie, and besides being dressed out in gay colours from stem to stern, the decks were covered with a spacious awning and ornamented with flowers and shrubs in pots, with many coloured bunting, and festoons of evergreens. Tho attendance of visitors, especially the fair sex, was ss numerous and as fashion- able as on any previous occasion.. The hand of thc 50th (Queen's Own) was present, and discoursed sweet musio throughout the day ; but. for some reason or other, promenading, rather than dancing, waa preferred by the elite. Every vessel in harbour was aleo dressed < out . io honour of Australia's natal day. At noon a royal saluto was fired from Dawes' Battery, and shortly afterwards his Excellency the Earl of Bolmoio and suite carno on board tho flagship, whence another salute was fired. An excellent luncheon was admirably laid out by Mr. Underhall, chief steward of the Sobraon, assisted by Mr. Broughton of the Par- ramatta. The racing throughout was very satisfactory. 1 Intorest seemed to be concentrated'principally on three races, the champion scullers match, iu which Oreen ¿ad Hickey again contested; tho handicap sculling match, in light skiffs, in which these champions again contonded, but in beth races they were ably beaten by Dunnett ; and tba yacht race between the Mistral and the Xarifa. No casualty of a fatal character occurred. During tho fourth race the stoamer Luna ran down a boat with twe men in her. Tho men jumped overboard and were saved by one of the numerous boats near. And tho Edith, surveying schooner, crossed a boat down tbe harbour, containing two or three gentlemen and a lady, capsized it, and precipitated its occupants into tho water, Thoy wore ot once rescued by the schooner's boats. As the day advanced thousands of spectators congregated at Dawes' Battery, at Fort Macquarie, at Mre. Mac quarie'a Chair, and on the various projecting points at North Shore. Tho excursion Bloomers whioh kept .plying to favourite and sunny spots down tho harbour were densely thronged with pleasure seeV ors ¡ while the eurfacoof Port Jackson was literally covered with yachts, pleasure boats, fishing boats, and steam yachts. Occasionally, moro especially when tho first, second, and third class yachts wore racing, tho scenery of tho harbour, as viewed from the flagship, could not possibly be exceeded for ita anima- tion, its agreeable associations with a day so momentous in our history, and its general pic- turesqueness. Muoh has been said in eulogy of our barbour, hut it is on an occasion such a« yesterday, when the weather was such os to gladden the heart, and tho apparent contentment and happiness of tho people as they floated upon ita waters, or sauntered along its innumerable pleasure grounds and inlets, gave mutual satisfaction to all,-it is on such an occasion that Port Jackson is seen in its greatest per- fection of loveliness. But to tho regatta Mr. F. W. Hill, and, part of the day, Mr. 8. 0. Burt, notadas umpires; Mr. Driver as startor. Tbe committee wero also present, and spared no labour towards ensuring regularity in the races and comfort to tho numerous guests on board. The following is an account of tho races in detail: FIBST BACS.-For all youths undor sixteen years ot ago, pulling a pair of sculls in dingies not exceed- ing twelve) feet on the keel. Course: From flagship round Fort Denison and back to flagship. First prize, £5; socond, £2. Entranco, 7s, 6d. joiuHinm-jumes nugncB ... ... ... X I'll Try-James Hayes ... ... ... 2 Novice-Obarles Lyons Spy-Robert Brown An excellent start was effected, Hayes,- Ljons, and Hughes pulling well together fora considerable-dis- tance Before reaching Fort Donison, Hughes, of Newcastle, (Hookey's protegoj ehot ahead und won easily by a hundred leugths, I'll Try about tho same distance beforo Novice, Spy being a long way behind. SECOND RACE.- For all gentlemen amateurs, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs, to bo handicapped. Course: From- Dawes' Point round Fort Donison and ship Vernon, and back to the flag- ship. Prize, value £10, Entrance, £1 le, ùtella, 1G lbs.-P. O'Sullivan ... ... 1 The Barb, 10 lbs-J. Harrison ... ..... 2 Elvira, 25 lbs - T. E. Willis Star, -10 lbs -D. Garvan The Ghost, feather-J. Myer?. Adelphi did not start in this raco. Garvan was thc favourite. The sturt was cil'ectod on oven terms. On rounding Fort Denison O'Sullivan was leading strongly by about six lengths, Harrison second, six lengtbB beforo Willis; Myora and Garvan n long way behind. O'Sullivan won easily by about fifty yards, tho samo distunco between Harrison and Willis, the othor two were distanced. Tnmn It ACE-For all bona Adc pulling dingies without HOB, not exceeding fifteen feet overall, uiidor canvas Course - From tboir own moorings in Laven- der Bay round Goat leland, then round Garden Island, then round flagship and Fart Denison, and back to fljg*bip. First prizo, £7; second, £2. Entrance 10s Od. Tim Whiffler-G. Holmes ... ... ... 1 Tho Duko-A. Whitton ... ... ... 2 Flying Soud-E. Williams ... ... ... 2 Alioe-Gi Holmes The Barb-W. J. Ji'Neili The competitor* wer* started. fairly. In Toondina; tba flifrship 'Ttrn Whiffler waa leading slightly;: Flvinic Soud and Th* Duke racing well together. Tint Whiffler won br several lengths. The race for second Çlase was very exoiting, and resulted in a tía between 'he Duke sad Flying Scud. FOURTH RAOB.-For all bona fide sailing Bkiffs, witk either fins or fixed centreboards,, bot exceeding twenty-two feet overall. . Course-From their own moorings in Lavender Bay round Fort Denison, then, round flagship and Shark leland, and back to. flag- ship. First prize, £10 ; second, £3. Entrance, £11*. Curlew-Ö 8. Evans ... ... ... 1 8usie-M. Donn ... ... ... ... 2 Katie-H. Woolnough Desdemona Friendship Desdemona started with a good lead and a freshen- ing breeze, The skiffs kept well together for a timo ; but Desdemona had to sive place to Carlow, who came in first, Susie second, Katie third. FIFTH RACE.- For all yaohts. Course-From their own mooringa in Farm Cove, round flagship, thea round light vessel and Sow and Figs, book round flagship, then round boat moored off Long Beef, and book to flagship. Trizo, £50. Entrance, £3 Ss. Mistral, 85 tons-H. Ö. Dangar (owner) Xarifa, Si tons-0. Parbury (owner) Much interest was manifested in this rac*.a After leaving their moorioga they passed tbe flagship nearly togother. Mistral, however, succeeded in rounding first, ky about a length. Both yuchts were under mainsail, foresail, jib, aad large squareheadect topsail. Mistral now bacante the favourite, especially as tho breezo freshened. Tho Xarifa crossed tbs Mistral's bows between Kirribilli Point and Fort Denison. In coming up from the Sow and Pigs'the first time Mistral wai leading two minutes ahead. Attar the vessels returned dawn the harbour for Lang; Beef, 7 to 4 was offered and taken on the Mistral. After passing Bradley's Hoad tho vocsota were lost Bight of. It was a condition that the race should terminate by 7 o'clock, or bs sailed over again. Itwaa nearly 0 o'clook before the yachts returned. They will therefore hiv« to sail the race over again. SIXTH: RACE.-For all second-class yachts, to ba handicapped. Couwe-From thoir own moerings' in Farm Cove round flagship, then round. Shark Island, hack round flagship, then round red buoy i off Manly Beach, back round flagship, then round light-vessel and Sow and I'igs, and back to flagship. Firdt prize, £30 ; second, £10. Entrance, £2 2e.' I Nereid, 12 tons-A.Fairfax and F.Lassotter (owners) 1 I The Pert, 15 tons-I. J. Josephson (owner) ... 2' Pori, 18 tsns-J. Coeper Owner) Mischief, ll tons-F. J. Jackson (owner) Vivandière, ll tens-A. Olliver (owner. A beautiful itart, Perigetting away first, Vivan diera second, Nereid third, Pert fourtb, Mischief fifth, a voil together in rounding the flagship. Ia standing towards North Shore Nereid took second place. Ia coming from Manly Beach Nereid was leading, Peri second, MiBohief third-all possible sail tot. The sight wai beautiful Tho race wat a good one through out. According to time allowed for tonnage, Nereid' was firtt, Peit second, and Peri third. SEVENTH RACE.-For all tb.ird-o.lasB yachts, to bs handicapped. Course : From their own moorings ia Farm Cove round flagship, round light vessol and Sow and Pigs, round flagship, back round light vessol nnd Sow and Pig* and back ts the flagship, Prize, £15. Entrance, £1 ls. Josephine-C. Bell (owner) ... ... ... 1 Australian-J. Graham (owner) ... ... 2 Torment-E Howell (omer) Daisy-J. L. Adams (owner) Maid of Australia-A. ond J. Donaldson (owners). The start -was effected on even terme, Tormén and Australia being together in posting the flagship .? the first lime, the others close up. In passing the flagship the second time, Australian was leading six. ; minutes ahead of Josephine, Torment third, Daisy ? fourth. At this stage there was a distance of twenty minutes between Australian and Maid of Australia, tho former continuing tho lead throughout ; bat > reckoning time for tonnago Josephino, who was [? allowed sixteen minutes, was decided to be the first, Daisy second, Torment third. !¡ Eloura RACE . -Champion race open to all comers, ¡ pulling a pair of sculls in outriggers. Course-From \ flagship round Goat Island, then round Fort Donison, \ and baas, to flagship. First prize, £15. Entrance, 'j £l\ls. h Stranger-J. Dunnett ... ... ... 1 p Star of Australia-R. Green ... ... ... 2 a The Star-W. Hickoy f Much interest was shown in this race. Tho betting | was in favour of Dunnett. on aecount of his having p been longer in training. Both Greon and Hickey had f their backers The batting, however, was not verv | extensive. The startwas excellent. Green soon took % a slight lead and wa3 pulling magnificently. There | was nearly a foul between Hickey and Dunnett, niter a which Hickey cleared off and increased his speed, fi getting in line with Green. The betting changed in I favour of Hickey slightly. After rounding Goat §' Island and racing towards Fort Denison, passing S tho flagship, Dunnett was* leading about tea 8 ..lengths. Green being a long way behind. I The hotting now chaaged at long odds in favour of g Dunnett, who was pulling strongly, and receiving lead s cheers from the hundreds who lined the banks at jl North Shore. After rounding Fort Denison and K coming up with the tide, tho distance between Hickey §? and Green was lessened,^ until Green finally second SS second place ; Dunnett, in splendid trim, coming ia g first by about fifty yards, Hickey being the santa | di Jtance behind Green. Both Dunnett and Groen were i loudly cheered. S THE Z. CN CHEON. 9| About half-past 1 o'clock, and whilo the champion I scullers r.ca waa os, the committee adjourned to | luncheon. As previously stated, the tablos woro sup- |5 plied ia princely stylo, a la Captain Ward, purveyor ti to the A.S.N. Company's fleot. " The chair was taies jp by S. C. Burt, E;q., treasurer to the Kegitta Committee, ?c the vice-ohair by Richard Driver, junior, Esq, M.P., |s starter. His Excellency sat at the right hand of the l§ chairman, the Hon. Mr. Samuel, Colonial Treasurer, |J on his left; nest to the Governor, Captain Elmslie of the Sobraon, and the Hon. D. Egan, Postmaster- $ General, It may be here mentioned that tables wen Jj provided for the general publio in tho saloon, next to jg the committee's, and a larger and more genetal table ';| in the fore part of the ship. The loyal toasts, pro poBedby tbo Chairman, were drunk with full honours, M and with "on* cheer more" for H. It H. the Daks of ;!| Edinburgh. In rotpouding to tho toast of "Hts h Ezo'llency tho Governor," & Earl BULMORE said that he begged to thank the fiji committee for tho cordial manner in which thoy bai M received tho toast of hie health, and tho handsome | terms in which tbs healths of her Majesty, the » Boyal family, and especially that of his Boyal Higa- | nées theDuko of Edinburgh, had been proposed.- Be. | thanked them not only as the representative of her | Majesty, but as their guest. In this cabin he made I his first sproch in this colony. It had been his lot | sinco to make many speeches, and in every instance hs jj had boen receivod with the utmost cordi- 6 ality, as now, and with unbounded 'expressions | of loyalty to her most gracious Majesty. (Cheers.} g He had net had many opportunities to indulgí ia | yachting and squutio pursuits, though ho was far from- K being averso to them ; and he might mention that hi m grandfather, who was much addicted to this pistime, |s was tho owner of tho first yacht that sailod in tho Mediterranean. Though not present, ho had always is: takon a great iuterest in this sport, and congratulated V. ? the committee in having established it to such per- !< / faction in this e deny. Ho would not troublo them with a long speech, aa thc sports wore now going on, but again thank them for tho cordial mannor ia p| which they had token up the toast et his health, lu (Ohecre.) - '' W Mr. SAMUEL, in appropriate terms, proposod " Tbs M day we celebrate," to which Mr. Driver responded, a» m a native of the colony, in a neat and oharaoteristio jj| Bpcech. . ' s» The remaining toasts were '" Captain Elmslie, and the Officers of the Sobraon," the Countess of Belmore, and the Ladies of the colony," " The Regatta Com- mittee," and "The Chalrrnan." Hin Excellency left tbe flagship about S o'clock. # « i. JNmrn RACE.-For all'opon .boats not exceeding g twenty-two feat overall, under canvas. Courte- H Prom thoir' own mooringa in ' Lavondor Bay round | Port Douieon, round flagship, then' found light-veeitl n and Sow arid Pigs, and back to tho flagship, Fhn H prize, £12; second, £5. Entrance, £1 ls. H Ixion-T. Brown (owner) ..,. - J H Bronzewing-H. Woolnough(ownor) ... - * H Jr! oom-J. AV. F. Wilshire (owner) , . ¡S Jarreauxe-J. Dean (owner) H . Bronzewing took a sharp lead, and gave promis»»" H wianiag, Ixion, the . iavcaiite,, second, Feast tau«, M Jarreauxa fourth. In earning put the flagship the second time Ixion was leading well, with Branzewing not far off, but Jarreauxa was almost out of sight. After a spirited race between Ixion and Bronzewing, the former was declarod the viotor, being about seven minutes ahead of the latter, Foam, third, Jar- zeauxe invisible. TENTH Races.- TO start at 3. For all amateurs that have never started in any race, pulling a pair of sculls in light flkiöV Course-Same as Ko. 2; Fir . prize, £7 ; second, £3. Entrance, 10*. Od. Tarragon-Gr. Poahley ,.. ... Stella-P. O'Sullivan ... ... ..; Albert-W. Dowling Adelphi-0. H Fiteharding« Voluateer-J. Wilham . Victoria-L AUUad Zoe-A. Lovely O'Sullivan was the favourite, Fashlsy next, Af te a fair start and a spirited race together for a time, tbi boats began to drop astern from, Stella and Tarragon i between whom an exceUoat raco front tho start tool place, the latter winning in excellent style by sovora lengths. : ] ELEVENTH RACE-For all amateurs tinder twenty one years of nge, pulling a pair of aculls.in lighl skifls. Ooureo-Same as No, 2. First prize, £8 ; second £3. Entrance, 10s, Od, The Bare-IC. Yates ... ... ..; 1 Tarragon-E. Triokett ... ... ... 2 Albert-G. Morton After tho start, Morton led for a few hundrod yards, when he was caught and passed by Trickett, who won by ahout six lengths. Yates aoon gave up the contest; in faot, Triokétt had Ino race his own way from tho beginning. . . TWELFTH RACE-For all men pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs, to bo handicapped. Course Same as No. 8. First prize, £10; second, £5. En- trance, £1 la. Stranger, 30 lbs.-Dunnett ... ... ... l The Star. 50 lbs.-W. Hickey... ... ... 2 Tarragon, 40 lbs.-R. Green The Barb. 20 lbs-J M'Leer Here werft tho champions again, and rnuoi iatorest was evinced in the race. The; coquetted come time before getting in line ; but started fairly at a swift pace. Green, ai usual, was the first to got hold ot the water, and for a time had tho lead. But there was a boat apparently piloting Dunnett, who soon took tho lead, and on coming down the North Shore sido Hickey was second, Greon third. Though it was difficult, even with the aid of glasses to distinguish scourately, M'Loer scorned to overhaul Green near Port Dociton,} whence a Une race ensued between Dunn6tt aad Hickey, tho former coming in first, Hickey second. The others pulled >o their stations without coming to the flagship-Hickey lodged; a i written protest with tho umpire against Dunnott, on I the ground that Bioharda'e boat had piloted him round the course THIRTEENTH EA.CE.-For all bona fido fishermen's boats, not exceeding twenty two feet overall, owned by fishermen, and used for fishing purposes, manned by not moro than four hands; to pull or eail Course: From their awn moorings off tho Cuve (to be picked up at starting) round Fori Donison, then round flag- ship, then round Garden I*lmd, back round Goat Island, and baok to the flagship. Prize, £12. En- tronco. 10a. Friendship-George Slummer (owner) ... 1 Hope-James Smith (owner) Namoi-John Sntirh (owner) This was tho severest race of the day, the boats being heavy, and tho distance exceedingly long. Friendship, however, had men in her of good stamina, so that when hnlf tho distance had bten rowed, Naomi succumbed, and shortly after Hope followed suit. It only remained for Friendship to complete the dis- tance in her own time, And thus ended tho Anniversary Karatta of 1869, the band playing as a finale, .' Goa Sava the Queen." Sorts AND DAUOHTEBS OP TEurEnAKCB.-Tho excursion of the Sons and Daughters of Temperance proved an eioeodingly attractive feature of yesterday's entertainment The steamers Luna and Fire King had been engaged to convoy th» excursionista to Clon- tarf, and as early as 8 o'clcok the " sons and daughters/' with any quantity of fathers and mother«, began to muster voryatro og. Tho first steamer started at half post 8 o'clock from the Circular Qu<y, and from that time to 2 o'clock, be- tween whian periods tho stoamers ran half hourly, the excursionists continued to assemble at the quay for tho purpose of shipment to the scene of fes- tivity, and not less than thrco thousand perçons were conveyed to Clontarf during the mon i ig. Oa arriv- ing thero the first consideration was, sf course, refreshment; and ampio moans of satisfying the cravings of natnro were provided on tho ground, which the holiday-makers, with appstites invigorated by the fresh air of tho harbour, disposed of in an exceedingly creditable manner. Tho Volunteer Baad was ia atteadanco, and during tho afternoon discoursed a quantity of popular and eloquont dance music, which tho votaries of Terpsichore accompanied on tho " light fantastic" with unabating energy and good will. Four Highland pipers were alto present, .who over and anon poured forth tho wild mu-io of tho Gael in a style which must karo been highly aatis factory, and eminently suggestive 01 - name, " io ina children of Caledonia présent on tho occasion. Thora iras no lack of amusement of overy description, in . eluding hammer-throwing, stone-putting', quoits, &c; icc, all of which found a profusion of votaries. Altogether a highly enjoyable day was spent ; but the termination of it was fated to bc adverse. The ' Luna, which B tar ted for Sydney betwooa 5 and . 0 o'clock, crowded from stem to stern with passengers returning from Clontarf, had proceeded but a short distance on her journoy when a portion of tho xaacbinory got displaced, and it was found a matter of impossibility to proceed with her. A« a proof of tho old adago that "misfortunes never como singly," about the samo timo, a similar accidont happened to tho Fire King, which "was" proceeding from Sydney lo Clontarf for her living freight, and oho also was disabled. Intelligence of tho misfortunn was im- mediately conveyed to Messrs. Marshall, Wearne, and Davies, who, with groat promptitude, engaged tho steamers Kembla and Vesta to proceed to Clontarf, Thie arrangement was carried into oQect as ep^adily as possible, and all the excursionists were conveyed homo in sifoty, though many of them wero in conse- quence of the'unavoidable delny, detained at Clontarf \- until a late period in the evoniog. ST. SILAS'S SCHOOLS.- Yesterday the children attend- ing St. Silas's Sabbath and Day schools had their annual excursion to Belmore Park, Penrith, and Zig- zag. The train with the excursionists left the Syd- ney station about half-past 8 o'olock with a large number of the children and their parents and friends. Belmore Park was reached in due time, and imme- diately games and sports of all kinds were entered into. About noon the children were regaled with a good supply of sweetmeats, &c.; After dinner sports, such a3 rounders, dancing, football, eke, were resumed, and continuod until the hour of starting on the return trip 'arrived. Meanwhile a number of the visitors, &o.;, went for a trip up the Zig-zag, and were well repaid by the excellent view they were afforded of the surround- ing country. At about 4 o'olook the train started from Penrith, and in about two hours the whole party was safely landed in Sydney, every one eeming to have spent a pleasant day. PARRAMATTA PUBLIC SCHOOL. - The children attending the Public Sohool at Parramatta, were yesterday taken on an excursion by rail through the kindness of their head- master, Mr. J. H. Murray, to Wascoe's, beyond the Zig-zag. The train left the Sydney terminus at 9 o'clock, and Parramatta three quarters of an hour later, and a good many of the friends of Mr. Murray availed themselves of this opportunity of seeing the Zig-zag. Wasooe's was reached about noon, and refreshments having been entered into and speedily disposed of, sports of all kinds were provided for the amusement of the visitors and children, and were kept up with corsi- derable zest during the stay on the mountains, not- withstanding the heat of the day. About half-past 4 o'clock a move was made homowards, and everyone seemed to be satisfied with the view obtained from the top of the mountain. The train arrived in Sydnoy before nightfall without accident of any kind. CREMORNE.- A large number of persons visited Cremorne, and enjoyed themselves in the usual way, ALBERT GROUND.- An entertainment, comprising pony races, and the usual pedestrian concerts, oame off on the Albert Ground. THE THEATRES were well attended in the evening, standing room being scarcely obtainable. Dr. Pearson, the alleged murderer of constable M'Cabe, has acknowledged that he was formerly under sentance at Cockatoo, under the name of Arnold. 