INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Sydney Wednesday. The Legialative Assembly wss counted oat last night st a very early henr, Th. Opposition are said to ba preparing for another effort to onai the present Ministry, aad the supporters of the latter ara asoordingly mustering in great force. Polities here ate becoming a mate struggle for office. Ia the Assembly thie afternoon, * debate sross on the vote of £2,f)0Ó t6Vstśxpended?irt She entertainment ef the Duke of Edinburgh. The supporters uf th. latellioiitry strongly opposed it on the ground of Its being unnecessary, and they consider th. Governor should feel honored by acting aa host, without asking the country to pay th. upensea- Th. pnhlicana are organising an oppońtion to th. Permissive Liquet Bill, to prevent its piBiaje throagh Parliament. Adelaide, Wednesday. His .Excellency the Governor lanehed at Port Victor yesterday, where he receive i an address from the inhahitsnts. He then formally declared th. railway opened, and, having re-entered the train, returned to Straihalbyn, where dinner had bean provided. Abont a hundred guttata sat down to «n excellently-spread table. The mayor of Stnthalbyn ocsupied th. chair. After the nauat loyal toasts had been drank, His Excellency replied to the toast of his health, and took occasion to remark that he approved of railway extension generally, and recommended that each district through which a line passed should contribute its quota of cost, so &s; to relieve the burden felling en th. general public. The Gorernor'4 speech was loudly applauded. The proceedings passed off very agreeably until the toast of "The Voluntsns " waa duly honored, when Lieutenant-Colonel Higgins, in reply, made use of very etreng language In reference to what he designated the bsd treatment the volunteers had received. Sir James seemed to consider theae remarks so much ont of g»1ace*that he shortly afterwards intimated that the services of Lieuten&nt.Colonel; Higgiut, snd the troop ef mounted volunteers which he commanded, would not further be required as an escort, and that their services as a gnard of honor wsre then and there dispensed with. Sir James Ferguson then returned to town, having made a moat favorable impression throughout the district he has visited. Lady Ferguson held a drawing-room to-day, whioh was very largely attended. Dr Hogan, late surgeon of the slup Duke of Sutherland, has been appointed junior surgeon of the Adelaide Hospital. The treasurer of the Sailor's Home acknowledges the receipt of s donation of £50 from the Duke of Edinburgh. A fire broke out last night in the offieos of the South Australian Advertiser, and at one time it threatened to be of a very serious charaot.r; but fortunately, the fire was got under before much damage was occasioned The wheat maricet is very quiet; very little offering. Quotations remain at 4s fid to 4s G4d. Sales of town brands of flour are reported at 412 6s., and country brandB at £11 lis. Sydney, Thursday. The Legislative Assembly sat tall three o'clock this morning discuFsing the proposed vote for the entertainment of the Dnke ef Edinburgh. Amendments on the original amount were proposed and nqtatived, until the vote dwindled down to £1050, whioh amount was ultimately carried. The ship St Vincent is reported to have bera wrecked, and twenty-foar lives lost. No particulars are yet to band. Tiro wealthy sqnat.ers have been committeed for trial at Glen lanes, on a (Large of aattle stealing The wool salrs are veiy brisk. Abont 650 bales have been sold at a slight advance. The Assembly has sanctioned the renewal of the eattl. and aheep disease aot The bill haa been read a fint time. The Hens, is disonssing the Estimates. New maise is in very plentiful supply at 8s 4d to Ss Bi; old 3s lOd to 4s. Ths 8obraon haa cleared for London with 1,200 tona of wheat, 3,600 Daila ol wool, 60,000 sovereigns and 6 200 ounces ef gold. The schooner Christopher George is supposed to have bt.n lost off Woollongong during the late galea. New Caledonia advioea report thai hostiliifs with the natives continue. Gondo, the leading chief, had been shot by the French troops. Adelaide!, Thursday. The annual agricaltnral show commenced to-day. His Excellency Sir 3 Ferguson was present, and there was a veiy larg. attendance of the general public. The weather was very fine and favorable. The ahow altogether was considered very good, and th. collection of agricultural implements and grain wss decidedly the best ever exhibited in Adelaide. The weight prize for bills wheat was awarded to Allan Bell, whose exhibit weighed SSjlb. The plains wheat was taken by Baiske and Parsons, their sample mighing 6711b. His ExoeUency lunched on th. ground with tli. members of the agri cultural society, and expressed himself znueh gratified with th. ahow, as en evidence of the great progress made by th. eolony in the acienoe of agriculture. News from ths far north has bsen received, te the effect thai the aboriginals has created eeriouB disturbsnees, which were causing much uneasiness to the settlers: The B.V Mr Caldwell, of Mount Gambier.has reetived a call Erom the congregation of Chalmers' Presbvteritn Church, the pulpit of Which is now vacant by th. departure of the Kev J Gardner forThamanta. The com market is aomwhat more eotive, and there isabetter inquiry tor wheat,at4s Sd. Flour Ss very Snii at lsst qnotationB. A YASKHE ADVOCATE—The following specimen of a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no comment:—"Gentlemen of the jury (he scripture Baith * thou ehalt not kill!' Kow, if you bang my client, you transgress the command as elick BE grease, and as plump as a goose-egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder Is murder, whether committed Iff twelve jurymen or an bumble individual 1Kb my client having killed a man; but Is that any reason why you should do so f No such thing, gentlemen; you may bring the prisoner in fuilty; the hangman may do bis duty;hut that will not exonerate you. No such thing. Ik that case yon will be murderers: Who among you .is prepared tor the brand «f Cain to be stamped upon hia brow today! Who, freemen—who In this land of liberty snd light? Gentlemen, I wlll_ pledge my word not one of you has a borne knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, Gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the peifamgs of cigsr-aaBeaand tobacco. Ton ćan emoke the tobaceo of rectitude in the pipe of peaceful conscience; ••,„ the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viBcers, nntil the epinal vertebra of yam anotomical construction turned ińto a railroad for the grim and goiy goblin of despair. Gentlemen, faeware of committing 1 Beware I say of meddling with the eternal prerogative^Qentlep ą ladjuja you, by the manumltted ghoste of temporal society, to ~ do no tnurder! 1 adjure yen, for the love you have for the oscu- )ent«ndcóndimental gusto Ofonr nabvapumpkin. Co do oa murder! • I adjure you, by ths pated country—I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder! And lastly, Gentlemen, if you ever expeot free dogs not to bark at you— if yon ever expaot to wear boots made of the RockyMonntain bnfialo—and, to sum up, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of •nesking, loafing, rascdly, cut-throated, braided. email ends of humanity whittled down to indistinctibility, acquit my client and save your country:" The prisoner was acquitted. (Scarlatina is said to be making sad havoo amongst the children at Clunes. Numbers are dying daily. lira Barmen, mother cf one of " the lost children" died on Saturday, and was buried in the Daylesford Cemetery. The Courier says :—" We are glad to learn from Dr Grant of Tarnagulla, that his patient snffering from small pox is now rapidly recovering, and tLat it is the only caas of the kind that has come under the doctorV notice." Hr Thomas Dutton, of Village green, Delaware County, has voted for every President of the United States, from General Washington dewn to Genera] Grant. At the reoent election he waa placed in a carriage and escorted by a body guard of hia neighbors, who walked en rash side of Ihe csmage t. 'th. poll, and there lifted him into a chair and bore him on their shoulders until he deposited his vote. Mr Dutton vrill be 100 years old in February aext. 