SUPREME COURT. I Saturday, <>t?i March. (Ik-ore the Chief Justice.) Ar.KXA"l)EH V JON'KS. The heaving of this case was resumed. The fn-.-it witness called was 0. J3. Jones, examined by Mr Higiubotbam.—Ho was the Commissioner of Railways. lie .saw the plaint-ill' (Alexander) on the 12th of February, I.S''i7, but had no conversation with liiin on that day or previously. Alexander was pointed out to him in Collins street. He did not wish to see liim fir have any conversation with him. He was the defendant in this action. He had, subsequently to the date mentioned, had many interviews with the plaintiti', mostly about polities. He saw Mr Alexander at Parliament Houses, and they had several conversa tions about meetings to be held at St. George's Hall, concerning the tariil". Mr Alexander said that he would not get a hearing unless .Mr Murray Smith was present. Witness asked him if ho was a fool, .13 if he could not get a hearing alono ho could not do so with the aid of .Murray Smith. Alexander then said ho would get a lot of lumpers from Sandridge to be pro Bent. Mr Jones hero denied overything that Alex ander had said, such as what he could do to over throw the Government, what influence ho had with tho working classes, or whether ho ever asked for money for such a purpose; in fact ho gave a total denial to all that had been sworn to by Alexander. He iiad often seen Alexander after tho 12th of Feb ruary. ife had changed ins residence to Young street about June, 1SG7. Never to his knowledge had Alexander been in his house in Gore street. Jle had often seen Alexander at tho Houses of Parliament, where he was in the habit of accosting him to give him advice as to his conduct. He refused to accept his advice. Alexander visited his house ill Young street about some information relative to the charge then pending against Sir Wheeler, late mem ber for Creswiek. Ho did not give tho required in formation. He subsequently, early in 1SG8, called at witness' house in Young street, but of his own accord. ■Witness was asked by him if he would tako charge 01 tlio general election; it so, money would be no object. Witness refused, as their polities were dissimilar. Alexander said if he would, give up liis idea of the Darling grant all other matters could bo arranged. "Witney also refused. They often met afterwards and spoke of politics, but never as regards money. Alexander said he was a very clever man, and hi3 own party thought so too. In fact, ho was in all instances spoken to in a most flattering manner. Ho did not support Alexander's views or those of his party in the House from February, 1SG7, to July, 186S. When lie was asked about pamphlets ho had published con cerning the Darling grant, Alexander said that ho was astonished at the views he had expressed. Ho had known Mr J. \Y\ Haudell about twelve years in 1807\. He had had conversations with him about politics in 1S67. He remembered speaking to him on ■ the 5th of i'ubruary of that j-ear, the evening of the day when the budget speech .was delivered. Mr llan dell agreed with him in denouncing tho tariff that had just been introduced, especially that part refer ring to piece goods and calico. Witness told him that lie intended to oppose it. Mr Randoll enid he was a free-trader, but would sooner have had a protectionist tariff than the mongrel one just introduced. He had heard Mr Raudoll's evidence about meeting him on the 1st of February, 18(37, and ho did remem ber meeting him on that da}', and certainly no con versation such as that stated took place. He may have said to him on that day that several mem bars were wavering about the border duties. He may liavesaid that Mr Langton was not the man lor ms place. Ho never said that a more unprincipled Chief Secre tary tliau Mr M'Oulloch ever liuld oiiiee, and that ho Icept a person named Brodie to disturb public meet ings. Mr llundell did not tell him that he could rely upon having £100, and that ho took the matter up simply as a business man in Collingwood. Mr llaudell did not call at his house on 1st February. Ho liad ho conversation with him then. He did speak augrily.of Mr Francis. He never said what ho was alleged to have said of Mr Francis, and had no such book as lie said, llaudell subsequently called on him and spoke about the tariff. It was after 5th Febru ary, and before 15th. He said that it had interfered : .with tlio trade in kid gloves. Ho also said he would bring samples to show how little silk in them raised the duty live per cent. On the 13th. February he wrote a letter to Mr llaudell, after seeing Mr Alexander at tlio Parliament Houses. He : recollected it bjcause ho received a letter from Mr Jenner. Ho did not preside at the public meeting as expected. He wrote, lie thought, onty two letters to Jlv llandel3, the Paschal iamb being the first. The se cond; pressed for the samples. Thero might havo been mi-interval of a week between the two letters. Mr Randell did not call on him in consequence of the Becond letter, or say on any occasion that ho was sur p^f^Jw.to4.?jgtilreeiaysd the money, as Alexander car. going to Collingwood. llandell referred to tlio £5 that lie had' promised and not paid. Witness said "All right,.all right," and changed tlio conversation. He thouglifclie spoke angrily of Mr Jeuner's not talcing tlio chair. - The statement of llaudell is untrue that wit nesB fsaid he had received tlic money Irorn Alexander, that^much more would bo wanting it tho thing was to be done effectually. He said nothing of the rich Jubal or the bristling Scotch hillock. Nothing of tho kindwas said by him. He first heard of it before the committee of the Legislative Assembly. Ho might have said tliat Mr Jenner had not sufficient pluck. He'had no more interviews with Mr Kandell about money, and he never paid the £5 he promised or at tended to the £100. There was no understanding that ' the "terms of the settlement between witness and •Kandell should not be disclosed. (The witness read two letters, which havo been previously published, on this' subject, with his own reply, renewing tho expla nation with regard to the Collingwood Gas Company.) • It-was understood Mr llandell's costs were to be paid, the word withdrawn, and the plea of justification re tained. Alexander's statement of tho expression he charged. him to have used, when he said witocs3 re ceived the £G0, about tho free-trade party was false. '•'It is false ho received any sum of money from Alex ander or any amount.- He heard the contrary alleged the day but one..before the polling when he stood as- ft Minister. . At . tho meeting at Soldiers' Hill he •: could not have said, as reported by tho Star, that he never received any money from anyone for any purpose. By a Juror.—He had a banking account at the Bank of Australasia on or about 7th February. Ho would be ; glad'to subpeena the bank clerk, and called at tho ' bank to get his pass-book. A Juror—A eopy of the entries in tho bank ledger -from 9th to-20th February would suffice. Examination continued—Mr Alexander was never to his knowledge, in his house in Goro street with Mr Longmore. He was twice in his house in .Young .street, but he never met Mr Edwards the ■younger there. He saw Mr Kidney on the day of the free banquet. Kidney said that he, Jones, was a much better man than Langton for their purpose, that ho ■ Ought to be with them. Witness said there was a poiioy between them. "Witness said—" If Kandell, you, .and I could agree on a policy we could manage •the.elections of this country." Kidney did not refer ;to Laiigtou's sensitive nature—he should have laughed at him it* he had. He did not say—" Tell your party that for £5000 ho could get them a majority, and for £S000 a'.working majority." Alexander after this ■ asked him to take the lead of their party, and said money should be no object. That referred to the general election of February, 1S68. Ho had heard that Kidney had said witness had received £100 to contest Ballarat East. ._<■ Fellows—He was prosecuted for perjury at the City Police-coiiri. The defence was that he had never, made any such statement on oath, or at all. The charge was dismissed. Kees got a verdict against him on tho letter in the Age. llees told him himself why he had left Williamstown. Ho did not recollect it at the trial. He did say to Serjeant, who brought the chargu against him at Baliarat, that ho would in stitute criminal proceedings against him, but ho didn't. He had some monetary transactions with a person of the name of Nash; they are all settled. He ■had paid his own chequo sometimes; ho didn't leave them outstanding." If a Mr Nash had his cheque, he owed no man of that name any money. He might have put in . Nash's name iustead of self. If Nash had-ail outstanding cheque it could not havo been paid, but ho owed him no money. There was a per son, of .that: name in his employ in 1S02. If tho cheque was unpaid he would pay'it. He had seen tho letter in tho Avyus, May 18U1. Mr Fellows put in the paper. . Mr Michie objected, but withdrew bis objection. :-'5jThs letter alleged that if £200 was paid to biui bo V.would'cu'sure. tbe return of Bennett as mayor. Ho did not prosecute him for so gross a libel because Mr 'Bennett v>as riot worth powder and shot, and the. evidence would only havo been oath . against oath. Tiso enquiry went on, how : over, ;aud Mr Jones was exculpated. He was borrowing money at that time, £100, at about 2G per cent., and a similar sum subsequently. Ho did not know whether all his stock had then been paid for. He paid £80, and forfeited the security. Ho was secured for ail unliquidated balance. Tho record was withdrawn, and all costs paid. Mr Fellows was bis counsel. (Laughter.) It might have been that tho claim was lost, because plaintiffs had a defective pawn brokers' license. He did not think ho had more than one transaction with Fischal. Ho might havo had a long correspondence witli Mr Fischal, of the Mont do Piute. He never learnt that Fischal concealed from the directors the two loans of £100 to him. JIr Fischal suggested concealment, and he assented as to au alteration of the nanio of the borrower, but not altogether. Mr Fischal said people did not like their names being known. Fischal implied that he was keeping his name from tho directors. Ho did not think he positively said so. In a letter Fischal wrote to him that ho must pay the bill, as he did not wish to up his name to the directors. It appeared he know Fischal was keeping his name from the directors. The cheque now put in his baud was to keep Fi.ichal straight with bis directors, and referred to an acceptance said to have been destroyed. There ■were two acceptances, one for £100, another for £50, and a cheque for £50—the two latter to destroy the firet acceptance. He would not bo sure he did not give two bills for £100 each, or one for that amount to correct tbe two. From tbe letter put iu his hand, it appeared he did give two acceptances for £100 each. There was no arrangement with Fischal to charge witness less than the usual interest. He could not reconcile his conflicting statements about the bills. The cheque for £50 was in Nash's name. It was not paid to Nash. He could not account for it being " Nash," instead of " self," or Nash's holding it, so long a time had since elapsed. Some of his creditors were not paid in full in 1SG1. He thought one of his creditors bought the estate, and witness paid him all lie had paid with interest. This was probably about the end of 1SG4. He had given up business then, and was not able to meet his engagements. He worked out some of the debts, and was able to pay this creditor nearly all, and gave him security over his furniture. In 1SG5 lie stood for Ballarat, but received no £10 from an Orange Lodge. He might have said at Ballarat that he had never re caived any money, as he stood in the presence of his ilaker; but if so, he went too far. He did receive money when a member of tile Assembly for political purposes—as whip. Ho did not receive any money for services to a candidate when a member of the As sembly. He did not recollect it. Oh, yes; now ho recollected. Ho did go to Maldon. Ho took £50 to pay Amsinck's deposit. He did not receivo £20 from Amsinek, or from any person on his account. In Iiandell's action tho costs were to be £150, but the death of jtfr Kyto was taken advantago of to make them £250. Ho was charged with receiving monoy for voting for tho Quieting Titles Bill. If Butters told Williams " that man (Jones) walks out *£200 richer than when he catno in (into tho Assembly)" it was false. Ho denied it to Sir Casey. He voted for tho second reading of tho bill, and moved an amendment in committee. He considered Mrs lian (lull's evidence was tlio result ol wnat sue naa nearu talked over. He never wrote a letter asking for money from softgoodsmen and free-traders. Ho had never shown such a book as stated by llandell to a member of the Assembly, but he had a book in which remarkable speeches were pasted—principally his own. (Laughter.) Messrs Austin and Dodgshun purchased his estate. Ho knew nothing of the trans action referred to in tho paper handed him. Pie thought tho man Fischal, whoso name was at tho bottom, had bolted from the colony beforo 18G4. 1 in pen cil seemed to have been marked over the -1. As a rule he should not open the door of his own house. If she .said frequently she was in error, as sho was wrong in saying that Longmore was in tho habit of going into tho back-room. It was seldom used except for meals. Peterson was wrong wherever his statementseonflieted with his, and his statement of the data an invention. Kandell's£5 was towards tho expenses of tho meetingat St. George's Hall. Tho " sacrifice of tho Paschal Lamb " applied to tho being hooted down at St. George's Hall. He made no statement to Randell about " the Jew being kind." Ho wrote out a copy of tho Paschal Lamb letter and put it on a file, which he showed one of tho llaudells beforo tho parlia inencary committee. at mougiit iuu letters nau not been destroyed, and he showed him the letter to lead him to think his brother had sold him, and bo got him to admit the letters were in existence. lie could not account for all the wituessea oil tho other sido conspiring against him. The acceptance put in his hand was for £50, but he recollected nothing about it. Cross-examined by Mr Higinbotham—Mr Itandell, he thought, read from the Merchant of Venice. He had heard he had played tho ghost in Hamlet. (Laughter.) Mr Casey spoke to him about the Quiet ing Titles Bill affair, and he asked him to enquiro of ,'ilr Butters whether lie had said what w.is alleged. He had no recollection of having heard the ;£G0 charge before ho went to the Soldiers' Hill meeting. About the Quieting Titles matter Mr Butters observed he had never charged him with taking a bribe, and that Mr Williams said what he had out of spite. With re gard to the Maldon election he did not receive £50 for his own expenses. Ho conveyed merely the de posit money for one. of tho candidates. With re gard to Fisclwl's affair it was him that sug gested that his, witness's name, should not appear as the borrower; stating at -tho same time that it was often the custom at his estab lishment. The goods that tho Mont de Piete got from him, if they had been sold at the proper timo, would have realised sufficient to pay the amount due. Because Fischal wonld not pay his private account, ho said he would ruin him (witness). It was through tho intercession of some of Mr Serjeant's friends that tho prosecution was not gone into. Mr Serjeant ap peared to have merely said what othera had told him, and was not responsible for the statements. With regard to the charge of perjury that had been brought against him, it was made to appear that ho had paid .mother man's rates, wherea3 such was not the case. His statement wa3 not made on oath, and tho chargo -.vas dismissed. As to the cheque in favor of Nash, ho could not offer any explanation beyond that ho should have put " self " or " bearer" iti ^it?£ iMil?b'uy %, ITS3 P2&. 0f^ to the case liees brought against him, as before itated he made a mistake in referring to that person as having been dismissed from the ollice of town- clerk •if Williamstown. whereas lie should have kIth'im! IS was from the Government Railway Department. Ho had 110 other explanation to give as to the charges that had been made against hia character. John Sutton, clerk to the Bank of Australasia, pro duced a copy o£ a statement in their ledger of an ac count standing in the namo of C. E. Jones and Co., from the end of January, ISO", to the end of Feb ruary in that year. (Tiio document was handed to the 3ury-) To Mr Fellows—The cliequo produced was only signed C. E. Jones. He was not ledger-keeper at that time, and know nothing of any other account. He also produced a pay-slip of the defendant's, dated 13th February, 1867, wherein he had paid .£35 in notes and £10 8s lOd—a chequo of the Ballarat Evening Post, for which paper ho was writing. He could not ;-ay from whore he got tho £35. Ho kept no cash book at that time. Ho supposed lio must have got it at Ballarat, as he went there for that purpose about that date. He was in no business at that time. The bank statement was as follows:—Creditor, 1867, 31st January—To balance, £8 19a 2d; 13th February, to cash, £15 8s lOd; total, £51 8s. Debtor, 1867, 11th February—By Harris, £25 2s; by Williams, £3 15s; balance, £25 lis; total, £51 8s. This concluded Mr Jones' examination, which lasted three and a half hours. Mr J. W. llaudell recalled—I clearly understood from Mr Jones iu. unmistakable English that lie received the £60 from Mr Alexander. I n«ver pro mised Mr Jones £1 or £5 of my own money, but had always been pestered by him for money, especially for the purposes stated. 1 solemnly swear this as true, and in no instance since that has Mr Jones asked me for the £5 which he has referred to. Our conver sation on the car and elsewhere was as to how inucli could be got by Alexander's efforts. Solomon Merl3 called, stated that ho had known Mr Alexander since 1861, and would not believe him on his oath if ho had a benefit to obtain. Witness here stated his reasons why ho came to such conclu sions. Cross-examined by Mr Fellows—Ho was in tho Go vernment employ. In the railways. Mr Fellows—Yes, in the defendant's department. Witness—Yes, I am in tho department now. I am in. the mechanical department. The Commissioner does not interforo there. It is Mr Christie that does so. Mr Do Costa, at one time bookkeeper to Messrs Wilkinson Brothers from 1857 to 1S67, stated that ho had known the plaintiff for about four or five years. Had had dealings with him. Mr Fellows here objected to tho witness saying whether ho would believe the plaintiff on his oath until ho had discovered if he was a competent wit ness to express an opinion, namely, as to whether ho was a neighbor of his. Ilis Honor agreed, and said the witness must bo asked what his neighbors think of him, then what his reputation was. Mr Michio continued—He had never heard any thiug about the plaintiff, except the affair connected with Wilkinson Bros. To Mr Fellows—The plaintiff had not, he thought, been employed by Wilkiuson'Bros. within one year of their stopping—in 1S07. Ho may havo dono business for them as a broker. llichard Jones, a surveyor, after looking at tho ground plan of the promises once occupied by the do fendaut in Gore street, stated that the height of tho window of the house fronting Gore street, from close to the ground to the top of tho sill was 5 feet 7 inches, and 6 feet to the glass. Cross-examined by Mr Fellows—He liad applied for ail appointment in tho Government servico, and received a favorable reply. He applied to the Water works Office, or the Mines, under Mr Sullivan. He had not been promised support. He had been in Govern ment employ before, and left because certain reduc tions were made. Ho had not been in the Geological Survey office. Ho left the service beforo anything took place about the loss of a theodolite. He did not know that ho was " allowed to resign." Ho knew the meaning of the expression. Ho was never charged with pawning a theodolito, and never did such a thing. He only received a letter, in common with others, that after a certain date his services would not be re quired. Re-examined by Mr Michie—Ho was not threatened with a dismissal, and had sinco had a few days' em ployment iu tho same department. Mr Micliie here said that tho defendant's case had concluded. Mr Fellows here asked that the ledger of the Union Bank, in which tho defendant's account was kept, should bo put iu as evidence, as it was in tho court. Mr Higinbotham—How did it got hero ? Mr Fellows—Becauso we havo sent for it. All I want the jury to see is tho entry preceding 31st Janu ary, 18G7, and that following 29th February, 1867. His Honor refused to accedo to the request. Mr Miehio replied. He commenced by stating that he was astonished at the bitter acrimony that had been displayed by the counsel opposed to him, and after what liad taken placo during that trial, he had no hesitation in saying that Alexander was a man not worthy of a shadow oteeliance. Ho denounced Auronson as his confederate, and submitted that they had contradicted each other in a mo3t diametrical man ner, especially with regard to Alexander's going into the house as Mr Longmoro was going out, and shaking hands with hitn. Ho considered Mary Curran's evi dence as perfectly worthless. He next referred to the importance the jury ought to attach to Wilson's evidence on the part of the defendant, who had stated that the defendant was not at home at the time the two men mot him in Gore street and asked him which was ifr Jones' house. He also ridiculed the idea of Alexander's going to identify the house, a course which left him open to suspicion. He went 011 to say that the whole question was as to whether they should believe Alexander or 'LVe w.ty in which the defendant had been treated in the witness-box was disgraceful and malignant. All that could be proved was that ho had pledged some of his goods, and who had not done the same ? He ventured to say that scores of traders in Bourke street and Collins street had at various periods to do the same. No one was free from scandal, and most men had to suffer from it at one time or another. Thus it was with regard to the £200 that the defend ant was said to have received for his vote on the Quieting of Titles Bill. This was an absurdity from beginning to cud, and only arose from the talkative qualifications of some interfering persons. The only blame attached to the defendant was that he was a poor inan. This was no disgrace to any one. The defendant had risen by his own industry, and those who had laughed when I10 was called a tailor were very much to blame. Mr Johnson, late President of the United States, was at one time a tailor, and tho .English press had spoken out by saying that no " gentleman" iu England would over refer to such a circumstance if an Englishman had been made a Prime Minister of England. He also referred to tho fact that at one timo a factory boy had once held his Beat in the British Parliament, which was considered ^ a due reward for talent and energy. Ho went on to produco tho scrip signed by J. AV. Ilandell iu his brother's name, and asked the jury whether they were forgeries or not. Ho contended that they were forgeries in every senso of tho word, and not the work of an honest man. Under these circumstances could Raudell be believed? Ho said 110, and it was not fair to hunt down the de fendant by means like these. If he is to be hunted down, let it be done honestlj\ The learned counsel then went on to comment on the absence of the cabman who drovo Mr Ilandell and Mr Jones to Collingwood, when tho alleged admissjous of Mr J ones were said to have been made. The mail was never advertised for, or perhaps ho could have been produced. As to the charge of perjury that was at ono timo brought against the defendant,—why, any person of temerity could bring such a charge; but the question was—What becomes of it? Why, it was dismissed at onco. Ho concluded an elaborate address by asking tho jury to transfer Aarouson as a witness for the defendant and take every care before they ran tho risk of ruining an honest man upon tho evidence of persons that were not reliable. Mr Fellows would not occupy the time of tho court for any length of time. He would only refer, to the facts. Tho cheques were drawn for certain pur poses, and wcro in existence. Mr Jones was in want of money, said so to Sir Randell, whom I10 contradicted in a general way. Ho had dis^ played no personal antagonism to Mr Jones, On tho other hand that person had said that he had received bribes for certain services rendered iu tho Upper House—a statement he received rather calmly. AVith regard to Mr Jones saying that he could not have said to Mr Raudell that " the Jew was kind, &c.;," because ho did not know the play of the "Merchant of Venice." If he did not know the play, how was it that ho could have known tho quotation was there. Did they think that if Alexander had meant to embezzle the money I10 would have shown it to Rosenthal, thus clinching tho case against him. The persons who gave him tho cheques were shrewd men of businoss, and oould not have distrusted Alexander. As regards Randell's statement Jones denied it whenever it differed from him. Did they believe him. Then Jones gave a different version of the letters. Mrs Randell's statement he also denied. Did they believe she swore falsely too? Then James Randell supported the evidence about the letters, and that Jones denied. Peterson was also contradicted, and wa3 therefore guilty of inventing a story. Now they had to connect with this Mr Jones' desire to attain office, as admitted. He offered to ally himself with the free-traders to defeat the tariff'. lie asked them to look at all theso facts, and see if they were explainable. Peter son was charged with invention ; then that was a decided case of perjury. The discrepancy between Alexander and Rosenthal as to which got the money was a proof of truthfulness, showing there was no agreement to tell a story. Mr Wilson's evi dence he thought inexplieablo ; his tale about wishing to give Alexander and Aaronson information as to where Jones lived was not rational. It was possible that Jones had denied' himself to AVilson, having an engagement with Alexander. Why was not his evidence corroborated, why was not the servant put in the box to confirm XJ l11C CLL1UC4J.U1w* i.5 I. would ho have said a word about Longmore. Was this consistent with embezzling. Longmore' evidenco was most unsatisfactory, ho could recollect nothing. As regards the opening of Jones' door, Aaronson differed from Alexander as to seeing Longmore, yet they produced him as evidence. Next Jones denied the conversation with Randell in the car, indeed, he denied everything. Jones denied tho statement of Kidney about the £5000 or £8000 to obtain a ma jority, yet admitted that himself, Kidney, and Randell could form a committee that would carry the elections. According to Jones these witnesses all invented the lies and pegs on which to hang them, lie referred to Jones' difficulties in 1S61, to show that the sum of £200 which it was alleged he offered to take to make a mayor, was what he subsequently had to raise. Mr Michie's idea of Jone3 giving a receipt for the £G0 was too rich, and of course ho did not mean it. It was not likely Jones would let his hand writing convict hiin of dealing with free-traders. Why should he have paid tho costs of Mr Randell; did a man who had a good defence to an action settle it in this fashion 1 In tho pass- book which was lost was just ono entry of £35, and he could not toll where it came from, and this was paid in at a time in which he was in difficulties. Of this amount he could give no account whatever. Tho point blank denial of evidence that Jones gave generally was tho most curious he had ever heard. The Paschal Lamb was fitted for their sacrifice, and he hoped they sacrificed him. He thought a better illustration of his charactcr, considering his dealings with his own party, would bo that of Judas Iseariot with this dif ference, that Judas was satisfied with thirty picces of silver, but Jones was not satisfied with twice that number of pieces in gold. Counsel sat down amidst somo applause and ono hiss. . . ; His Honor then summed up. , . At this etago our report closed. ■ 