There can be no more useful occupa tion for a young country than to study attentively those serious consequences which have arisen from pursuing a mistaken course on any given ques- tion in older communities. While to preserve and imitate all that is good in their institutions is wise con servatism, to insist on travelling the same road which has ended with them in flisARtaw linnniiQA wo will lootm ..w.j -vv««wv mv 1wmu wisdom by experience instead of example, is simple folly. We recently inserted an article calling attention to the desirability of concentrating all the charities of the city, ifnot of the colony, under one central authority, for the pur pose of promoting economy, efficiency, and the extent of relief provided, while imposition was rendered practically im possible, and unworthy recipients of the public bounty reduced to a minimum. It is admitted on all hands that, unless some new arrangement can be carried out having this end in view, the enactment of. some poor law, or call it what you will, to make provision for our indigent poor, will soon become a work of urgent and paramount neces sity. Our charities, like those of London, are under the management of nume rous committees, boards and what not, while in the latter instance must be added the poor-law guardians and their offi cials, ranging from the Government inspector down to the parish beadle. In a very able article in one of the leading magazines, entitled "Scientific versus Amateur Administration," we have some interesting information con cerning the state of affairs in connection with the relief of the poor at a time when, as is the case with ourselves, the management was entirely in the hands of various bodies between whom there was not the slightest connection or common course of action. In 1833, when each board of guardians did what was right in its own eyes, without reference to its neighbours, the cost of maintaining the poor of England was no less than L7, 000, 000 sterling. The system was administered by men utterly ignorant of any scientific prin ciple which should govern its manage ment, and whose short-sighted measures, unchecked by' any central body composed of men who had specially made this difficult subject their study, were every year increasing the evil they wero intended to cure. At last, a Royal Commission was appointed to inquire into the question, on whose suggestion the Central Poor Law Board was established, charged with the supervision and regulation to a very limited extent of the local bodies ; and, notwithstanding the very inadequate extent of the powers granted, in three years the average rate fell from 9s 9d to os fid in the pound, and the total amount expended from L7, 000,000 per . annum to little over Li, 000, 000. This the writer claims as a triumph of scientific administration, even under very unfavourable t circumstances. It is true that a greatly increased popu lation, and the disturbances of trade which have been experienced of late years, have nearly brought the amount payable up to the old standard ; but it is contended that, as the population has nearly doubled, this was only to be expected.' They say however, complete the good then only so partially accom plished, sweep away vestrymen, bea dles, and all those relics of antiquity so dear to a Briton, and place the whole subject of the relief of the poor under scientific management, and while the work would be far better done, the cost would be marvellously decreased. Take another instance. It is stated that the various charities of London, both public and private, disburse, according to one estimate seven, and according to another eight, millions annually, not including money given away in the streets. It is further stated that of tlio three millions of inhabitants who occupy the metropolis 500,000, are probably dependants in a greater or less degree on charitable re- ief. But, should this vast amount of destitution actually exist, it is evi dent that, after deducting all expenses of management and distribution, this enormous sum would give over L12 per head, or 4s 6d per week, for men, women, and children, all the year round. And yet this munificent pro vision for the relief of suffering, so far from decreasing the amount of pau perism, appears only to have an oppo site effect. Destitution of the most fearfulkind is constantly beingbrought to ligTit, and we heard not Ion" ago of a man poisoning himself ana family sooner tnan face the sufferings that lay before him. Can any one suppose that, were this sum placed under efficient management, it would not mora than provide for the ob jects in view, and wipe out this dis grace to our civilisation ? But what is being done in London on a scale of such magnitude is being repeated in Melbourne in a lessor degree. No one UUU ueujr bUUt tuuaiuotauio wxotiusro exists in our midst, while a very hand some amount is one way and another subscribed for its relief without having that effect which we have a right to ex pect. May not this arise from the want oi a more centralised and syste matic management ? Of this we may be sure, that this question is one with which we shall soon be called on to grapple, and the perusal of the article we have referred to could not but prove provision for our poor. We are sure that all the contributors to the various charitable institutions in our city, and those ladies and gentlemen who so generously give valuable time and at tention to their working, have no other wish than to see them conferring all the good of which they are capable. They would gladly waive all private teelings in the matter, if it could be shown that union would afford that strength which would enable them to carry out their task in a more satisfactory manner than is attainable under the present system. The opinion of a foreigner on the con dition of the stage in England is one which should carry weight with it. A recent visitor to the metropolis — himself intimately connected with the drama on the Continent — in reply to a question as to what he thought of the state of the dramatic art in London, said, in so many words, that there was none to be found in the city. He pointed to the leading theatres in support of his theory, and urged that they were occupied for the most part by men and women who were incapable of interpreting the works of Shakspeare or any other of the masters of our drama, such as SnrcnmA IST TTvnwr.ug nn RTTMirciD And it does not seem that he was very far wrong. A glance over the columns of the leading 'London theatrical papers show that, out of fifty places of amusement advertised therein, about ten are devoted to the production of farcical and genteel comedy, an equal number to the lower school of melo drama, and at the rest ballet dancers and gymnasts reign supreme. Even Drury Lane, the whilom temple of the legitimate drama, has been given up to the Goths. There, Mr. Boucicault has a piece performing which is entitled " Formosa, or the Railroad to Ruin." Judging of the synopsis of incidents, the author has gone to a lower depth than usual for his material, for Formosa would seem to be one of the class of whom Mabel Gray is a type. At no house, either west or east, is the name of Shakspeare men tioned; but at Sadler's Wells we find an announcement of an interim benefit performance, at which "The Lady of Lyons" was to be the piece do resistance. Mr. Barry Sullivan has failed in his attempt to popularise the works of the known dramatists at the Holborn Theatre, and altogether there would seem to be real cause to fear for the decadence of the drama in England. This being so, it is re freshing to see that in one of England's most important dependencies the artist who devotes his time to the study of the legitimate characters of the drama, can always depend on a welcome. In Aus tralasia and New Zealand we have not lost our reverence, for the hand which created Hamlet and Othello; and, if an apt exponent of these and other parts comes our way, wo are never slow in expressing our thanks to him. Even those actors who have failed to satisfy the perhaps over-educated tastes of the Melbourne playgoers, have found solace in other parts of the colonies. We have ourselves given more than a welcome in the shape of a substantial recognition of their services, to such men a3 Brooke, Keav, Anderson, andMoNTOOMEav. Young people as we are, wo have a Sliako pearian actor of our own, who is now starring it in America, and whom wo hope soon to see back amongst us. We do not think our present star, Herr Bandmann, will have reason to be dissatisfied with our treatment of him, and now that in England Shaks- teare is driven to the provinces, where profits are small and work hard, we may expect to see such men as Swin- burnb, and others of that class, amongst us. If they come, even with our one theatre, we will find room for them. No novrs is to hand as yet concerning tho Maryborough and West Bourko elections. In tho snbnrbnn districts of West Bonrko tbero is but little exoitement. Supporters of Mr John Thomas Smith believe that bo will have a ma jority, while tho friends of Mr Swallow are <iaito as Bangaino of saoocss. Should wo re ceive tho result of the Maryborough oleotion before 7 o'clock a second edition of the Herald will bo published giving tho returns, as woll as those to hand from West Bourko. The Waxworks in Dander. — The pit escape door of the theatre leads into tho Waxworks Exhibition. Last night, when the alarm of fire was given in the Theatre Royal, those who obtained egress by the said door found them selves in tho hall of tho Waxworks, in Egyptian darkuess. The plnee had been closed lor tho night, and the fugitives were held in daranoe vile. Mr Weston, with a candlo in neuu, cauiu iu txiuirassnftauce, uuu uy uusuiuu- itig tho street door, they managed to got into Bourko street. About £40 worth of damage lias been done. Figures were overturned, a Maori chief is hcadlcsr, another warrior has lost both his legs, drosses are torn, and straw and sawdust are now ignominiously exposed to the public gaze. Tho kst.iers that protcot tho figures wero swept away, and tho Waxworks was a perfect eceno of desolation, uutil it was put iu order, by removing tho mutilated lay figures, and by a judicious application of soap and water. Bourse Ward Election. — A meeting was bold last evening, at the Kilkenny hotel, West Melbonrne, to take steps for tho retnrn of Mr Henry Clarke as assessor for Bonrko Ward. A meeting of thoso favorable to the olection of Mr Richard Bowen, for tho samo offioe, was held at tho Literary Institute, West Melbonrne, and it was resolved to take steps to forward his retnrn. Tho contest is being carried on keenly, tho more so as the resnlt will be looked upon as a premonitory sign of how tho battle between the same contending sides to retnrn a councillor will end. . Caution to Omnibus Conductors. — If, tho boys who act in this capacity do not exhibit more cantion we shall Boon have to report a serious accident. We have roeontly seen aoveral of them thrown by the sadden starting of tho horses, and a similar case ocenrrcd this morn ing, at abont eleven o'clock, at tho intersection of Elizsboth and Bonrko streets, when one of these yonng gentlemen kissed mother earth from a similar cause, luckily with no more injury apparently than that resulting to his clothing from a plentiful coating of mnd. He jumped np ana ran after his vetuolo, tne driver of which was proceeding on his journey with philosophical indifference to the fate of his mate. A cake of gold weighing 52oz lOJwt 8gr has been lodged in the Colonial Bank, Kilmoro, by Mr Rogers, manager of tho Langridgo Com pany, Reedy Ceook, boing the yield of 29J tons of stone crashed from that claim. The Malmsbury Reservoir. — Tho Mail says : — Owing to the continued heavy rainfall, the contractors of tho Malmsbury reservoir have not been able to re-constraot tho coffer dam whiah was washed away last Wednesday. A very large volume of water is flowing through tho millet tnnnfil in fact, tho rivor has not . — 1y so uign anmg tuo wi uterus lFis now, aud it is still rising rapidly. Tho water is spreading over u largo area inBide the reser voir, and already visitors can form some idoa of what tho lakes will he whon the works are completed. It is estimated that tho rainfall of tho first week would have boon equal to have filled the reservoir to overflowing — a circum- stanco very satisfactory to those who projected the scheme not less than to thoso who have been so anxiously waiting to rooeive some tan gible advantage from it. The MunDERous Assault at Sandhurst. — The Chinamen, Lum Gee Kew, who was so murderously assaulted in High street, Sand hurst, died iu tho hospital, at ton minutes to 5 yesterday afternoon, from tho effects of the injuries ho had received." Affairs at Eldobado. — The stato of affairs at Eldorado, says the Ovens Spectator, still continues most unsatisfactory. It is now mere than five weeks since tho strike omongBt tho miners commenced, and unless the local direc tors of tho various companies in this once pros perous district follow tho examnlo of the men on strike and make some concessions, it appears likely to continue for an indefinite period. Moanwhile, of coarse, the credit of the entire district will be materially affected and ita good name irremediably damaged. When the losa in one m'no alone is rooboncd by tens of thou sands of ponnds, in this short timo alone, it seems fool-hardy that directors should prefer to let their mines lie idle, rather than yield in any degree to tho demands of tho men on strike. No doabt sorip will riso again us soon as tho strike is over, but tho evU of tho present state of things is inoalca'able. The case of Michaol Monro, late olerk'in tho Union Bank, charged with forgery and utter- iubi Wtt -wui»iuueu mo uauarai Girouit Court on Wednesday, tho prissnor boing!found guilty, aud sentencod to two years in gaol. Tho Star states that Mr M'Dermott, who was for the defence, made a lengthy spoech, depre cating the inclusion of Moran's confession in tho evidence, on the ground that it was foroed from him by a sort of S'.ar Chamber tribunal, sitting in the manager's room at the hank; bat his Honor, in summing up, pointed ont that tho confession was elicited from Moran by strangers to him, ho having left tho employ of the bank, and that ha waa a porfeotly free agent in making it. In pronoancing sontonce, his Honor delivered a very impressive address, giving the prisoner u comparatively Bhort term of imprisonment, in order to allow him to commence life anew, and make for himself yet a good name in the world. One of the most remarkable phenomena in connection with atmospherio distorbanoes, ob serves tho Pleasant Creek Neivs, was visible thronghont this die trio t shortly before 10 o'clock yesterday morning. At that time the wind was blowing in gusts from the north west, and tho olouds over head were noticed to move about towards the diroctiou of nearly every point of tho compass, 'with a wavy motion wo novor remember" notic ing before, and for whioh wo aro unable to acoount. Dtnao masses of the vapour sud denly appeared to drop into spherical forms (somewhat similar to that which would bo the crve of inverted balloonB in tho air), and bound ing together, eaoh preserved its original form, whilst the poitionsin contact assumed a moro dense aspect. A few seoands only elapsed when some drops of rain, commenced to fall, and a steady downpour, whioh lasted some time, immediately followed. The prisoner Fuller, committed to take his trial for tho Chilwell murder, is in q vary desponding condition, says the Geolong journal. He rofujes his food, and a strict watch has to be kept to prevent him making an attempt on his own life. Mr M'Cwmick has the manage ment of the ease, and has, WC understand, en gaged Mr Hiokman Molesworth to defend the nnfortunate man. The gaol absconder, M'Henry, continues to show insanity,' has fits, refuses food, etc. He will, doubtless re- cover liia reason when bo kuows his sentence, and that good conduct only will reduce the period of hiB imprisonment. Chinese Immigrants. — The Chinese who latoly arrived liero in failing health wero sent to tho Immigr.mh' Hospital, by tho direction of Kong Mong, aftor being refuBCil admittance to lbs Melbonrne Hospital, on acrouut of want of room. Not one of them enmo from Ballarnt, nor ii any of them affected with leprosy orruy other contagions d'secse. They aro suffering merely from exhoneticn caused by a prolraotod sen voyage, nn:l tho want of proper food. No apprehension need be entertained of any diseaso breaking ont. THoaouoHFAnn Restored. — Tho unsightly enclosure that surrounded "Wright's Gin Palace, near tho Thcatro Itoyal, and formed an ob struction in Bonrkc street, as well ns tho hugo beams that supported tho front of tho building, have been cleared away. We are informed tbet tho City Surveyor has pronounced the odilico perfectly fate, and in no danger of coming down on tho heada of the unsuspecting passers-by. The Tidal Wave in Girrs land. — The ex aggerated report of Saxby and the Gth Oc tober has found its way into every nock and corner of the lower district of Gipps Land, says the Times, and, amongst the timid, some thing liko real consternation has prevailed for the laet week or (wo, the explanation and re butting remarks cf onr colonial notabilities notwithstanding. A ateady and heavy rain sot in on the 1st inst., which nppoarod to lend forco to tlio panic, which no assurances conld perfectly banish from the minds of many. The Comic Periodicals. — We have received tills week's number of Humbug, containing a donblo-prga cartoon of singular merit. It represents Victoria qnito as a " Girl of the Period," wbilo on ono side is Mr M'CulIoeh looking sternly, but rather anxiously on, to see the effect of Sir Mecpberaon's wooing, who knools at her Let on tho other. Tho yonng lady ovidently does not know her mind, and holds her handkerchief before, what may, with trnth, bo called her blushing face, in that coy and nrUnl manner which, before now, has led many a man to his ruin, cr metrimony, which, with some people, ie only n difference in terms. Mr M'Cnlloch is dressed in a shirt, and docs not compare favourably, in lliis costume, with his rival in all tho glory of forensic costume, but we suppose soma subtle meaning is intended to bo conveyed by th's, to tho effect that Mr M'Cnlloch is par excellence tho representa tive of the working cIhsscb, but oven they generally appear before a lady in a ooat. Tho picture is colored cerise, and Ins a very striking aud picturesqao iffeot. The reading matter is, of its anrt, good, and equal to any former number. Punch lias also a colored cartoon, entitled, "Tho Night Before the Battle." King Richard, Mr Byrne; R'ob- mond, Mr Rilfo. Tho ghosts of Messrs M'Cuilcch and Higinbotham arc scowling on tho former, who is lying in a most uncom fortable attitude, strongly suggestive of right- mare ; and we fear that the other, who wo suppose is Bleeping tranquilly, conscious of coming victory, will have a stiff neck in tho morning. Theexecntion is good; but wo have seen better designs from Mr Carrington's pencil. The other illustrations aro of tho usual humorous character. The letterpress is varied and amusing. ' Meetixq at Jolihont.— A meeting of owners of properly in Jelimont .was held last evening, at tho Victoria Parado hotel, to re ceive the estimate ss to the cost of making, kerbing and channelling Jolimont and Latrobe parade. The City Snrveyor's estimate was, for tho former £613 15a 4d, and for tho latter work £412 4s. The gontlomen who attended the meeting agreed to pay one-half of snoh ex pense, and it was decided to forward a reqaiti- tian to the City Coancil to have operations osmmonced immediately. New Pafer. — We understand that there is a probability of a fortnightly paper in the min ing interest being shortly published. The Weekly Dispatch (London) thus writes of the present Chancellor of the Exchequer: — "Of Mr Robert Lowe, tho Oxford classic, the .man of nonderonn finnrpn and lmrd fanfa. nothing can yet be fairly predicted. His Badget was a clever bit of legerdemain, his Law Courts site project a fiasco, and his vari ous interviews with deputations at tke Treasury nnconciliatory, not to say uncourteous ; bnt Mr Lowe is, unquestionably, u man of great talent. The angularity of his mind and the bruaque- neBS of his manner, possibly the result of phy sical peculiarities, will probably ba modified by time and intercourse with thoso who have studied and who practise the amenities of offi cial life." Of the First Lord of the Admiralty the same paper says " Mr. Childcrs has not disappointed his economic friends. Ho has attempted reductions in various directions ; he has iudicated where other reductions ore pos- aioie; but it ju«j. i.„ „ — n..r,pd whether he bsgan at tho right end, cr on the right prin ciple, when ho reduced the number of olerks, and left untouched tho higher paid officials." Sandhurst Circdit Couht Tho prisoners found guilty on Tuesday at the Circuit Court were brought up for sentence ycaterday morn- ning. Georgo Robertson, who had pleaded guilty to an assault with an intent to do griovoua bodily harm, waa sentenced to five months' imprisonment. Hans G'eriz, for aa- aanlting a policemen at Costorfield named Geo. Moran, received threo monthe' imprisonment, tho firit week in eaoh month to be passed in solitary confinement. Charka Grundy, for stealing o'.othing from John Petersen, a labourer, at Casterfiold, was sent to gaol for eighteen months. Joseph Moyle and John Hunt, found guilty of assaulting Margaret Mnir, a married woman, in August laBt, on tho Strathfialdsayo road, wero each sentenced to four yeare' imprisonment with hard labour. Charles Fielding, for kicking and breaking two of Benjamin Davoy'a ribs at GraytoWD, was ordered to be imprisoned with hard labour for eix months. Fear civil cases waro heard yesterday, and the court adjourned sine die. — Bendigo Advertiser. Says tho Star : — Hie Honor S'"r Redmond Barry visited the Ballarat Public Library on Wednc-aday, and spent nearly an hour in exa mining the woiks on tho shelves. Ho was particularly plcasod with Foss's Judges of England, the library IX. vol. .odition, contain ing some information that ho had not fonnd in an edition which ha had consulted iu Mel bourne. He expressed his approval of the progress of the institution, and tho large at tendance cf readers that he had aeon in it. Medical Society of Victoria. — Tho monthlv meeting of tho above association was held laBt evening in the hall of tho Royal Society. Drs Bone and Robertson were elected members of tho society, and Dr Jamioaon, of Warrnambool, was nominated by Dr Niold aud seconded by Dr Bowen. A highly practical and valuable paper on "tho pollution of the Yan Yean," was real by Dr. Richardson, who accompanied Dr. Girdlcatono, the oity health officer, on his rcoent visit of iaspeolion to Whittlesea. From his acoount of tho drainage of the town of "Whittlesea, it would appear that the excreta, whether iplid or fluid, of ovor 800 persons finds its way into tho Yen Yoan reservoir, pol luting the water and sowing the seeds for cholera, or an opidemio of possibly a worse character. Ha nrged the immediate considera tion of the matter, and that this evil be at once remedied before vested rights were allowed to spring sp. The farther discussion of the matter wae postponed till the special meeting which is shortly to be held on the sewerage question. It is, however, probable that a deputation of medical gentlemen will wait on the Government in reforenoo to the matter in the interim. An interesting and valuable paper on a "new color tost for the detection of blood," was read by Dr. Day, of Geolong, and attracted a good deal of attention, tho general impression being that the discovery was one of far more than ordinary importance. Dr Nitld oxhibited a sample of Liquor Quinoi Ammonalia, a useful preparation lot exhibiting quinine and ammonia together, manufac tured by Mr J. T. J. Brown, of Roasell- street. Jamaica. — Oh tho 11th Angnst, Mr Monsell, Under Secretaiy of State for the Colonies, in reply to a question by Mr M'Arthur, in the House of Commons, said that " the Jamaioa congas Oi 1861 fixed the number of personB of the Anglican csnnsgnion in tho island at 40,000 ; Methodists, 45,600 ; Deists, 61,630 ; all other denominations, 30, Out)." Q1 the £20,000 contributed annually for the mai'nTe 1 ?Q7n9 f f ligio worship, tho whole, except £370, went to the Cburoh of England. Under these oiroumatonees, and Government being determined to establish perfaot religioui equality in the oolony, instructions had been sent to the Governor to tho effect that the moral and religions instruction of the whole population should be tho paramount conside ration, and requesting him to prepare a acbon'o. That scheme bad not as yet been submitted to tho Government, but it was expected shoitiy to arrive." Ma HEATn's yaclit Haidoe, after unlergoing a thorough overhaul, has repeatedly cruised about Corio Bay, and hor style of going has been universally admired, snja onr Geolong contemporary. On Friday, wind and weather permitting, she is to leave on a trip to Sand- ridge, where she will doubtless receive a hearty welcome from the yachtsmen thcro located. At a meeting of tho Kilmore Agricultural Sooicty on Saturday last it was agreed that the society thould hold nn annual show of horses, cattle, etc., on Saturday, 13 th Novembor prax. The same programmo as that of last year was adopted. 