READINGS IN ROMANISM. No. 4. " Whose coming is after the working of Satan with all notver and sians and Ivina wonders" — St. Paul. By J. S. Miracles are staple commodities of the Romish Church, all her saiuts must have been miracle workers, for she professes to canonize no one who cannot he shown to have lierformed at lenst twn miranles. The miracles of the Romish Saints if true (?) cast those of Christ and his Apostles entirely into the shade. The Redeemer, according to the New Testament raised the dead to life three separate times, He walked upon the sea once. Xavier raised the dead to life so often as to exceed count. Ignatius Loyola walked in the air again and again. St. Anthony stopped a mason falling from a high building, and the man, we are told, remained suspended in the air, until the Saint went and ob tained permission from the Father Supe rior to work a miracle. There is one little drawback to all Romish miracles, and that is this, there is no well authenticated account of any of them written near the time when it is said to have occurred. Xavier, for instance, during the very time when he was represented as having been employed in working the most astonishing miracles, was in the habit of writing mul titudes of letters to the General of his Order, to the. heads of his Church, and to other persons on all matters relating to his mission and work, which letters are still extant ; and yet, strange to say, there is not from first to last a single reference to any event of the kind as having been performed by him. The case of Loyola is more remarkable still ; his early biogra phers are totally silent with regard to his miracles, — no claim of the sort was ever set up in his behalf until many years after his death, and of course until all who could have contradicted the claim had passed away from the earth. It may be as well to remind the reader of another fact, viz., that a very long time is generally allowed to elapse between the death and canoniza tion of Roman Saints, and that as the mir acles for which they may have received the credit are not officially considered, or their authenticity investigated until that period, no opportunity is therefore allowed for disproving them. Loyola was not can onized until he had been dead 67 years, Xavier until he had been dead 71 years, whereas Aloysius Gonzaga did not receive that distinction until he had been in the grave 135 years. The following rules have been laid down by Dr. John Douglass, as those by which miracles may be judged to be genuine or spurious. They will be found in his work entitled "Tiie Criterion, or rules by which the true miracles recorded in the $eiv Testament are distinguished from the spuri ous miracles of Pagans and Papists ." He says . — " First, we suspect miracles to be false when the accounts of them are not pub lished to the world till long after the time when they are said to have been per formed." " Secondly, we suspect them to be false when the accounts of them are not pub lished in the place where it is pretended they were performed, but are propagated only at a great distance from the supposed scene of action." " Thirdly, supposing the accounts to have the two foregoing qualifications, we still may suspect them to be false, if in the time- when, and the place where they took their rise, they might be suffered to pass without examination." He adds, — " When we come to try by this test any particular miracle of Pagan ism or Popery , which can be traced up to contemporary witnesses, and was publish ed on the spot, it will be instantly observed that it labours under one or other, or both, of the abovementioned circumstances. We shall ever find the people refusing any, examination of the miracle, through a blind credulity and eagerness of belief, or the promoters of it, armed with power, rendering an examination impracticable." Pago 33, &c.; Should the reader be so fortunate as to have within reach Dr. Trench's Notes on the Miracles, let him turn to page 48, &c.;, and read what the Dr. says, to gether with the interesting note on page 49, &c.; Tried by these rules there is not a Romish miracle on record which would endure the test, — all would be found want ing. These miracles are of some conse quence, however, in this controversy, for they do unquestionably place beyond doubt the reckless and unscrupulous char- acter of the Romish Church, while they exhibit another feature of her great and terrible apostacy. But a church convicted before the world on the clearest evidence, of the most barefaced and outrageous for geries, as in the case of the decretials, &c.;, cannot be expected to be over modest in her claims. Our readings are again from the Life of St. Dominic, and contain a specimen of the "lying wonders" to which Romish priests treat their credulous people. The Saint has, according to his biographer, just raised a dead man to life. The mother of the man spreads the intelligence, — but the writer shall tell his own tale : — Her joy was too abundant, and out of its abun- dai co her heart and lips were busy, and so tho whole story was quickly spread through Rome, and reached the cars of Honorius, who ordered it to bo publicly announced in the pulpits of the city. Dominic's sensitive humility was deeply hurt : he hastened to the Pontiff, and implored him to countermand his order. " Otherwise, Holy Father," ho said, "I shall bo compelled to fly from hence, and cross the sea to preach to tho Saracons ; for I cannot stay longer here." Tho Pope, however, forbado him to depart : ho was obliged to remain and rceeivo what is ever the most painful portion of tho saints, tho public honour and veneration ot the populace. And certainly they ovinced it with a warmth which English hearts may find it difficult to understand. They wcro Catholics and Romans, and so thought little of human respect, or of nnything save the giving froo vent to that almost passonatc devotion which is the hereditary characteristic of their race. So great and little, old and young, nobles and beggars, " tlicy followed him about " (to use the words of contemporaneous authors) " where- ever ho went, as though ho were an angel, reput ing those happy who could come near enough to touch him, and. cutting off pieces of his habit to keep as relics.'' This cutting of his habit went on at such a puce as to givo the good father tho ap pearance of a beggar, for' tho jagged and rngged skirt scarcely roachcd below his knee. His brethren on one occasion endeavoured somewhat harshly to check some of those who crowded round him; butjDominic's good-nature was hurt whon lie saw tho sorrowful and disappointed looks of the poor puople. " Let tliom alone," ho said ; ' wo have no right to hinder their devotion." A me morial of theso circumstances may still bo seen in that same church of S. Mark of which wo have spokon. Once a year, on tho festival of its patron saint, there is an exhibition in that church of saintly treasures, which fow sanctuaries cmi rival and nono surpass. There, amid the relics of apost'es and martyrs in jowolled and crystal shrines and elaborate carvings, you may see, inclosed in a nrnbl nn wllnnn.w. n. 1 i fr.t.1 n iiifiRft nF Inrn rmrl Fnrli>f1 sorgo. Priests arc there holding up these precious objects one by one for tho veneration of tho kneel ing crowd, and they hold this also for you to look at and to kiss, whilst they proclaim aloud. " This is part of the habit of the glorious Patriarch S. Dominic, who, in tho first year of his coming to llomo, was wont to proach in this church.,' And fancy is quick to suggest that this precious morsel may bo ono of those so uncoromoniously torn from him by the crowds who flocked about him on that vory spot. Othor miracles are related as having occurred during tho time of his residence at S. Sixtus, and wo give them hero, a3 no more exact date is assignod. Giacomo del Miole, a Roman by birth, and the syndic of tho convent, was attacked by sicknoss, which increased so rapidly that lie ro- coivcd oxtrcmo unction, and was dosirod by tho physician to prepnro for death. Tho brotliron wore greatly alllictcd, for ho was a man of singular ability for his olfice, and much beloved. Dominic was overcome by tho tears of liis children : desir ing them all to leave the coll, he shut tho door, and, like Elias when ho raised the Sunamitc's son, extended himself on tho almost lifolcss body of tho dying man, and earnestly invoked tho Divine mercy and assistance. Then, taking him by the hand, G-iacomo aroso entirely recovered, and Do minic delivered liira to his companions, who knew not how to contain and express their joy. Among tho " Murati,'' whom wo mentioned in a former page, and whom he still continued to visit and direct, tlioro were some who lived a lifo of extraordinary mortification, and wcro ontircly inclosed in little cells built in tho walls, so as that nono could enter, or communicate with their in habitants ; food and othor necessaries being given to them through a window. Ono of those re cluses was a woman named Buona, who lived in a town near the gate of S. John Latcran ; nnothor, Lucy, in a little cell behind the church of S. An- astasia. Both of them suffered fro-ja incurable and most terrible diseases, brought on by tho severity of their mode of life. Ono day, after Dominic had administered the sacrament of penance and tho holy Eucharist to Buona through her little window, and exhorted her to patienco under her dreadful sufferings, ho blessed her with tho sign of the cross, and went away ; but at tho same instant sho found hcrsolf perfectly cured. Lucy was likewise restored in a similar mannor, as Brother Bertrand, who was present on tho oc casion, attested. But perhaps tho most interesting of all theso miraculous events is one still daily commemorated in every bouse of tho Dominican order. Wo aro assured that a similar event happened twice during tho period of his residence at S. Sixtus j but we shall only givo tho account of one of theso circum stances, as related at length in the narrative of Sister Cecilia : — " When tho Friars were still living near tho church of S. Sixtus, and were about one hundred in number, on a certain day tho blessed Dominic commanded Brother John of Calabria and Brother Albert of Rome to go into the city to beg alms. They did so without success from the morning even till the third hour of tho day. Therefore they returned to tho convent, and they were already hard by tho church of S. Anastasia, when they were met by a certain woman who had a great devotion to the order ; and seeing that they had nothing with them, aha gave thorn a loaf ; "For I would not," sho said, " that you should go back quite empty-handed." As they went on a little further they met a man who asked them vory importunately for charity. They excused themselves, saying they had nothing themselves ; but the mail only begged the more earnestly. Then tlicy said ono to another, "What can wc do with only one loaf? Lot us give it to liim for the lovo of God." So they gave him the loaf, and immediately they lost sight of him. Now, when tlicy were come to tho convent, the blessed father, to whom tho Holy Spirit hud mean while revealed all that had passed, came out to meet them, saying to them with a joyful air, " Children you have nothing ?" They replied, " No, father and they told him all that had happened, and how they had given the loaf to the poor man. Then said ho, " It was an angel of the Lord : the Lord will know how to provide for His own : let us go und pray." Tlieieupon ho entered the church, and, having come out again after a little space, he bid tho brethren call tho community to the refectory. They replied to him saying, " But, holy father, how is it you would have lis call tliem, seeing that there is nothing to cat ? " And they purposely delayed obeying tho order which they hud received. Therefore tho blessed father caused Brother Roger tho cellarer to be summoned, and commanded him to asscmblo the brothren to dinner, for the Lord would pro vide l'or their wants. Then they prepared tho tables, and placed tho cups, at a given signal all the community entered tho refectory. The blessed father gave the benediction, and every ono being seated. Brother Hcnrv. the Roman, bccan to read. Mcunwliilo the blessed Dominic was praying, his hands being joined together on the tablo ; and, lo ! suddonly, oven as lio had promised them by tho inspiration of the Holy Ghost, two beautiful young men, ministers of the Divine Providence, appeared in tho midst- of tho refectory, carrying loaves in two white cloths which hung lrom their shoulders beforo and behind. They began to dis tribute the bread, beginning at the lower rows, one at tho right hand, and tho other at the left, placing boforo each brother one whole loat of ad mirable bouuty. Then, when they wcro come to tho blessed Dominic, and had in like mannor placed an entire loaf before him, tlicy bowed their heads, and disappeared, without any one knowing, oven to this day, whenco they came or whither tlioy went. And tho blessed Dominic said to his brethren : " My brethren, eat the broad which tho Lord has sent you." Then lie told the scrvors to pour out some wine. But they replied, " Holy father, tliero is none." Then tho blessed Dominic, lull of tho" spirit of prophecy, said to them, " Go to- tho vossol, and pour out to tho brethren tho winoj which the Lord lias sent them." Tlioy went there, and found, indeed, that the vessel was filled up to the brim with an excellent wine, which tlioy hastened to bring. And Dominic said, "Drink, my brcthron, of tho wine -which the Lord lias sent you." They ato, therefore, and drank as much as they desired, both that day, and the next, and the day after that. But aftor tho meal of the third day, lie caused tliem to give what remained of the bread and wine to the poor, and would not allow that any more of it should be kept in tho house. During theso three days no one went to seek alms, because God had sent them bread and wine in abundance. Then the blessed lather mado a beautiful discourse to his brcutlircn, warning tliem hover to distrust tho Divine goodness, oven in the time of greatest want. Brother Tancred, the' prior of the convent, Brother Odo of Rome, and Brother Henry of tho same pluce, Brother Law rence of England, Brother Gandion, and Brothor . John of Romo, and many others were present "at this miraclo, which tlicy related to Sister Cecilia, and1 to the other sisters, who were then still living at tho monastory of Santa Mariu on tho other side of the Tiber ; and they even brought to them some of tlio bread and wine, which tlicy preserved for a long time as relics. Now tho Brothor Albort, Whom tho blessed Dominic had sent to beg with a companion, wus ono of tho two brethren whose death tho blusscd Dominic had foretold at Romo. Tho othor was Brother Gregory, and a man of great beauty and perfect grace. He was tho first to return to our Lord, having devoutly rcceivod all tho sacraments. On the third day after, Brother Albort, having also received tho sacra ments, departed from this darksome prison to tho palace of huaven. Allusion is mado in the con cluding part of this narrative to a circumstance which took place a little later. Ono day, Dominic being flill of the Holy Spirit, was holding chapter, and was observed by all present to be very sad. " Children," he said, "know that within three days; two of you now proscnt will loso tho life of your bodies, and two others that of their souls." With in the time doscribcd, the two brothers named above died, as we liavo related j and two otliorsj whoso names' are not given, returned to tho world. 