A REVIEW OF SOME OF THE PRINCIPAL MEETINGS OF THE FAST SEASON. By Peeping Tom. With the exceptien of the Kyneton District Seeing Club annual gathering, there was no racing of importance after Geelong until the V.B.G. Autumn Meeting. Although there was only one day's racing on the banks of the Campaepe, I cannot allow the present oppor tunity to pass without making a few remarks on the doings there, as the two principal erentsi the Hyneton and the Weloome Handicaps , were fraught with a considerable degree of interest. There is no placp in the country districts that in so abort at time has emerged from mere plating form to that of gaining first- class honours as that of Kyneton. A few energetio sporting gentlemen of the district having put their shoulders to the wheel by taking the management.into their own hands, and budding a new grand stand and all the neoessary appurtenanoes of a racecourse—from the designs, I believe,,of Mr. Bagot, the indefatigable secretary of the Y.B.C.—and improving their naturally well- situated course, issued most liberal and tempting programmes, Ac., which so raised the meeting in importance that ownere, these last two years, have not been baokward in coming forward with their horses to contest for the good things contained in the bill of fare. The stewards were honoured with the company not only of His fiacel lency the Governor this season, but of a luge portion of the ilite of Melbourne as well, and nearly all the sporting element took advantage of the rails and were'present.' The result of the whole was that the meeting passed off with great 4ol6t, with its popularity more confirmed than ever. The cardwas a full one, there being eight items, which took from noon till dark to get through*, jfbhjfimt was a blow to tbe.flayboy* cum-Tomroy Bodds parly, aa the first carried the dollars; but "the best laid schemes of mice and men," &c.;, as their hopes were most unex pectedly upset by the favourite coming to grief at the last hurdle, and Tommy Bodd cantered home looking as if he could not help it. Br. Bathe's Euphrates, by Abd-el- Kader, came home pretty muoh like a raoehorse in a field of nine maidens. Tbe Eyneton Handicap, of one mile and three-quarters, brought out seven runners, which produced a good race, ending in favour of Phosphorus, 7st. 81b.; little Bar won, 8st., who had to cry peccant 100 yards from home, second ; and Lady Manners Sut ton, 7et. 81b., third. Barwon, who was the favourite, bad the best of it till half-way up the rails; but Phosphorus, nnder whip aha spur for a quarter of a mile, ran the gamesb of the game, caught him at this point, when Bar won, as is hie usual wont, threw up the sponge. Maiiboy, a district horse the property of Mr. Eraser, won tbe Steeplechase, and took the shine out of the metropolitan nags, Peter Simple and Western, which gave great delight to tbe country folks. The Selling Raoe fell to Othello, after a good set-to with Euphrates. Then the event of the day came ofij tbe Welcome Handicap, one mile and a quarter, for which fourteen horses con tended, producing one of the finest raoee of the season, the two horses who finished first and second in the Eyneton Handicap doing likewise in this, only with reversed posi tions ; Barwon 8st. 71b. and Phosphoras 7st. 81b., the distance being more in accordance with tbe liking of Mr. Cleeland'e horse. Phos phorus^ (again got pepper from Sam. Bavis, and finished within half a length of the winner, and I have seldom seen a horse take punish ment so kindly. B. A. and Aurora were close up, third and fourth. Elis won the Bistriot Silver Cup, and a hack race, for which about a score started, wound up a most enjoyable day's racing. The Melbourne Autumn Meeting did not take place till the 27th of March, a fort night behind the usual time, as it was thought the date would secure the presence of TT« Boyal Highness the Buke of Edinburgh, but in this the executive was disappointed. Almost enough has been said as to the faulty bill of fare issued on this occasion, as, accord ing to next year's programme, lately published, the glaring and unsportsmanlike mistakes have been rectified. Members of the club onght to be careful to whom they entrust the management of its affairs, and I trust to see next August a little more interest shown in the welfare of the club by its 400 members than what bas lately been evinced, and at least one-half of the present committee—no doubt highly respectable gentlemen and fortu nate managersin tbeir counting- houses—ousted by better sporting blood. There is no doubt that up to the present the Victoria Racing Club has been extremely prosperous, thanks to the few of the right sort who have nearly always hitherto been able to carry a majority in its councils, but when these gentlemen's opinions are put on one side, when some new fangled and ill-judged ideas are being ex pounded, it is time that the personnel of the committee was looked to. I have been wan dering from my subject, and perhaps may seem to have been too severe on the committee. The weather on the first day of the autumn gathering was hot and sultry; the sur rounding hills were bleak and miserable-look ing ; there was not enough of grass for miles round to support a bandicoot; people were listless and cared little to go out, consequently the attendance on the course for a Saturday was meagre indeed. The grand stand and lawn presented rows of empty benches, the blaze of beauty and fashion who generally adorn them preferring to remain at home. These drawbacks, however, had little influence on the business of tbe day being carried out, (whioh oommenced with the Hurdle Race, for which nine started, composed of the usual regulars who invariably show np on jumping occasions, with the exception of MisB Morris, who, so far as I know, exhibited for the first time. The race was a precious fast one, ending in favour of that game little mare, Ealed, 10st.; Miss Morris, 9st. 41b., making a most respectable second, especially for her maiden endeavour; Western, lOst. 101b., was third. Elis, 9st. 81b., made a great show at first, but pumped himself out the seoond round by the severity of the pace at which he cut out the running. The St. Leger only brought out Gasworks and Melancholy Jaquea, not melan choly, for he was as jolly-looking as a sand boy. My Bream being paraded up and down the sadaling-paddock, was a new feature in racing tactics; her condition showed that she was not intended for the race, and what wag she doing thereP Was it to let tbe public see how sound and well she was to fulfil her Rand wick engagements ? If so, it was ex tremely kind on the part of her owi^er, but my experience is that when people have got "good things," they generally keep them to themselves. Jaques acted as a mere lacquey to the 'Works, who cantered round at her ease; he tried to raise a gallop up the straight, but failed, getting second money, however, for his politeness. Ho less than ten juveniles stripped for tbe Asoot .Vale StakeB, and of course the much-talked-of Lamplighter was the centre of attraction; his appearance quite satisfied his friends, and big . performance quite confirmed the high estimate which Mr. Keighran had formed of him, although it was somewhat shaken a few dayg ' previously by a trial be bad with tbe Morgiana : colt. Trials between horses without the watoh * are almost worthless, and the results of trials - over the St. Kildasand are no criterion for a race over the Flemington course. After the -lot once got on tbeir legs, Lamplighter and • \ Charon made a sorry example of toe others, aa tbe race up the straight lay between thepair, . ending in favour of tbe former by three quertereof a length. Charon was the favourite at even money, but he was carrying a penalty of 51b. for winning the Flemington Stakes. The Morgiana colt, a very small animal—st all I events aa compared to tbe other two Ferry men—was third, several lengths hahinfl; aqflas to the otbem, the less said about fcbem fche better. Gondolier, whosho wed auoh promise in tbe Flemington Stake^ fiied in the after noon; it was at fint supposed 4hat he' was poisoned, but I believe a ^pture. cl' the ' intestines was the cause ,of his , death ; so much for racing a young one out of condition ) ,; he seemed to have reoeived »o preparation, . and was atones heavier than he was on Htm ., Year's Bay. The raoe of the day pame.»S)& :> the;Au»tralian Oup, for which thirteen fsflta'f theaterter. .gasworks, with all ber 8ajt. '**? t&.. tgMtagr *h«n it elie was to be a certain runner She w« backed at even money ; ^orma, M. 71b., at 4 to 1; and old Woodman, 6st. 4lb., at 5 to 1. The talent made a good selection, for these three finished first, second, and third. Cartel seemed to have no difficulty with the " Works as he lay by the greater part of the race, then came away, and won very easily by a couple of lengths, Woodman beating Norma bv half a length, but their positions would have been reversed had not the old horse hugged his little antagonist so closely on to tbe rails! Time, 4min. 14sec. Woodman won this race in 1865 in 4min I5sec. I eeebya late Cell's Life in London that the Metro politan Stakes at Epsom, the ^mrd.stance, was won by the tl.ree year-old Drumtnen carrying 6=t. 91b., time, 4-mn. 16sec., and that the City and Suburban, one mile and a quarter, was won by Alpenstock, a tbree-yeai old carrying 6st. 31b, in 2mm. 22sec. In Sydney this distance has been done in 2min. 12sec " " Old England for Ever, whoBe ideas of the merits of the colonial racehorses com pared with those in England are so disparaging to the former, can, to use a cobnut! phrase, which is also abhorrent to his refined taste, put that in bis pipe and smoke it. The three old stagers, Babbler, lOat. 10lb.; Ingleside, lOst 71b.; and Ballarat, 13st. came in first, second, and third for the steeplechase as usual. They were the only ones backed out of a field of eight. Tnebandicap was not considered one of the brightest effu sions of the triumvirate, and considerable dissatisfaction on the matter was expressed by several of the owners. Poor Western always catches it. What right has he to have lisL when such horses as Babbler and Ingleside have only lOst. 10ib. and 10st. /lb. ? Bacchus is another horse that never gets the ghost of s chance. Bronzework won the half- mile spin for the £50 plate, with Koo-wee-Kup second. Easter Monday being a general hoh d«v the attendance was more numerous than oi "the Saturday, but there was no improvement on the stand or lawn. The racing commenced with the Grand Stand Stakes, four starters, which, to everbody's astonishment, was won by Strop, Antelope and Crmba being the chosen ones ; but the Wagga Wagga coir was the first to hold out signals of distress. Cymba made a fair second, with Freetrader third. Eight voungsteis turned out for the Nursery Handi cap, but owing to the weights having been eiupidly adjusted before the Ascot Yale was run ofi; all the interest was concentrated in Lamplighter and Charon, these two being the only ones supported in the betting. They bo b came away from the others the same as they did in the Ascot Yale; Charon made bu endeavour half-way up the distance, and beat his former conqueror by three-quarters ot a length. The distance was a furlong further than in the other race, and Mr. Fisher a colt carried feet- 101b. to Lamplighters 8st 41b. However, it afterwards turned out that Mr. Keighran's colt ran inside of a post at starting, and he was therefore declared distanced, whilst the Fair Ellen filly, who was third a long way behind, came in for the barren honours of second. The mile and a half and a distance just suited Barwon in the Autumn Handicap, more especially as he stripped in capital form, and seemingly in the humour for the race. Ten out of the sixteen booked started, and when Gasworks was known to be one of the absentees, the Barwonians got bo fond that they piled up the dollars at even moner—and a good investment it was with /st. 31b. np, ar.d Sam Davis as steersman. The little borse never weDt better in his life, and had no trouble in disposing of the whole crew. Lady Manner* Button, 6>t. 101b., got second within a couple of lengths; and Paddy s Land coming very gamely at the finish, caught Phosphorus, 7et. 51b. fifty yards from the box, and secured third situation. The Town Plate was almost the same as a walkover for Gas works, for although Strop started, he merely went once round with her to secure all the stake. Onlv five started for the Steeplechase, and of j coarse Ingleside, lOst. 31b., and Babbler, list. 6ib. finished first and second. Ballarat declined to start, and Union, Bacchue, and Cyclone could make nothing of the two favourites. Eoo- wee-Bup broke the ice at last in the Helter Skelter, and he parted company with bis owner for £41. Of the Eandwick Meeting, which wound up the season, the last week in April, I am sorry I can say but little, being, unfortunately, an absentee. All our cracks, with the exception of Lamplighter and Charon, acted igno minious parte. With regard to Mv Dream mot beiDg able to show up, I never expected that she would, but I was sadly disappointed with the performances of Gasworks, whose passage, X believe, quite upset her, and little wonder when such valuable animals were en trusted on hoard of such a miserable slow tub as the You Yaugs. The Barb's performance in the Gold Cup out-Heroded Herod, but enough has already been written on the sub ject. 