THE HON. MES. DUCANE'S RECEPTION AT THiO TOWN HALL. The Hon. Mrs. DnCane having announced her intention to receive visitors at the Town Hall between four and five o'clock on Tuesday, arrangements were made under the direction and superintendence of Captain Harrap, L.V.A., for converting the spacious halt as nearly as possible into a drawing-room, properly furnished, for such a reception. And iu performing this task Captain Harrap succeeded admirably, considering the short notice he received from Archdeacon Reibey, whose note on the subject he had only received on Monday evening. The Hon. Mrs. DuCane, accompanied by the Yen. Archdeacon Reibey and Mrs. Reibey, arrived in the carriage from Entally at the Town Hall at a quarter to four o'clock, and were received by Captain Harrap, and by Mr and Mrs Win. Barnes, of Trevallyn, who were admitted to the private entree. The weather was delightfully fine after the heavy hai) shower which feil between two and three o'clock, and the sun shone brightly into the spacious reception hall, diffusing a genial warmth throughout its length and breadth, which was very cheering and highly appreciated by Mrs DuCane and her visitors.— Chronicle, BEGATTA COMMITTEE.—A meeting of the Executive Regatta Committee •was held last evening at the £irdin-Hand Hotel, Argyie-street- Present—Mr F. H. Wise in the chair, and Messrs Colvin, Risby, Dowdell, Douglas, Johnston, Bex, Priest, Powell, and J. W. Gill, Secretary. It was resolved that there should be a'buii-uuuiiiuiibe woa~ appoiuLtMl for the purpose of carrying out the necessary arrangements ; the committee consists of Messrs Johnston, Dowdell, Bex, Gill, and Risby. The following persons were elected to act as a Water Committee ; Messrs Johnston, Douglas, Priest, Gill, and Risby. The Ground Committee reported that they-had visited the ground, and it was resolved that tenders should be invited forpaint- -ing the stand at once, to be sent in by Tuesday night next, and that applications for the use of the cattle jetties should be made to the Municipal Council, and that their attention be called to the dangerous state of the fences. The Secretary informed the meeting that he had seen theCoIonial Treasurer, and the nreeting passed a resolution to the'effect that an application he made to the Director of Public Works with a view to having the ground cleared. The subscription hook was gone through, and it was determined to use increased exertions to obtain the necessary funds. The meeting then THE ROSTER.—The hon Alfred Kennerley.M.L C. is the Magistrate whose name is on the roster for duties at the Police Court this morning. RETCRN OP TASMANIANS.—We clip the following from the leading columns of the Examiner of Tuesday:—'When the paying character of ourf recently dis' covered gold reefs becomes an established fact, we may expect to see many native born Tasmanians, who have sought to improve their fortunes in other lands, returning to our shores. We do not stay now to enquire whether the reasons assigned for leaving this colony have always been sufficient. To many the fascinations of new scenes and freBh faces were irresistible, while some were not even conscious of the allurement concealed as it was beneath the guise of duty. But whatever the motive, self- expatriationwas the common result,and doubtless many hearts now yearn for an opportunity of returning once more to the " tight little island," and the much loved homes of child'iood. One of these, Mr. C. E Button, who is well known amongst us, and who for the last few years has been practising his profession as a barrister and solicitor in New Zealand, arrived last week from Hokitika. He has obtained the as - sistance of an experienced miner, who is expected to arrive in tbe course of the next week or ten days, aud with whom Mr Button intends to visit Waterhouse and to prospect'the country through to Fingal. They wid take laborers, tools, and provisions, and the exploration will probably occupy about a month. Should the result be satisfactory, Mr. Button intends to remain amongst us, and many others may be expected to follow his example. As he has been practising for the last four years at Hokitika in the very heart of the most valuable goldfield in New Zealand, he has made himself thoroughly acquainted with gold mining in all its phases. His opinion will, therefore, cariy weight, and it will be looked for with some eagerness by those'who are pining away from amor patriae in other lands. THEATRE ROYAL.—In co sequence of the great success of the entertainment by the Mansergh troupe on the Prince of Wales' Birthday, they announce another performance this evening, to commence with the Irish comic drama, " A Ghost in the Castie," in which the character of Barney O'Toole will be sustained by Mr Mansergh. A music?l melange will follow, and Miss Sutherland wiil dance the Highland Fling ; the whole to conclude with the side splitting farce of " Barnem's Ball." TENCH,—We are informed that a large number of tench are being taken with a rod and line from a waterhole near the Royal Society's Gardens. Would they not be more usefully distributed in our lakes and rivers and eo attain a size when they would afford greater sport to the angler than they can possibly do at present? WATERING THE STREETS.—Several complaints have reached us from ratepayers residing beyond Patrick-street, that the Btreets are -watered as far asithat port on of the city, when the cart turns back- The feeling is pretty general that as the rates are i>aid by all alike, the same privileges should be extended to residents beyond the above mentioned point as on others more immediately in the town. We feel sure this only needs to be mentioned, to he at once seen to by the Superintendent of Water Works, or the officer in whose department the maoagemeut of the water carts is vested. O'BRIEN'S BRIDGE,—Mr Stacev, proprietor of the revolving Circus, annouuees iu our advertising columns that he will beat the Ploughing Match at O'Brisn'a Bridg« to-morrow. WATERHOUSE.—Messrs Cummings. Lwinson and Hen- v Turner returned from a visit to Waterhouse on w J ednesday) and bronabt with tUem numerous rjcij specimens of auriferous quartz from vari -us reefs and claims, those from No. six , Pioneer reef, a rich. nd from the Southern Cross reef are very —Chronicle 