\r CLABENCE ELECTION. CK Friday evening, a mooline of tho electora of tho Clarence, convened by the following handbill waa hojiln the hall of the School of Arts meeting of tho elector! of the Clarenoe, will bo held at the School of Arte, Grafton, thli (Friday) evening, at half-past eight o'clock, for the purnoso of hearing thy reply to a requisi- tions to Mr. T. Bawden, J.r., to stand aa the member for the Clarence electorate." . ' k Though tho nbove notice was not issued until three .o'clock on Friday afternoon, yet at tho hour named ;tor the meeting, a loree number of persona had assembled outside the building, and on the candidate making his nppenrnnce, was well received, the hall being quickly filled, while owing to the great heat, very many rcmulued outsido. Punctually at the hour named, on the motion of Mr. L, JACOUS, seconded hy Mr. Alderman ATTWATEIÍ, the chair was taken by Mr. T. FISIIBII, J. P. Mr. T. FISHER on taking the.chair, said most of those* present wer» aware of tho object of their assembling, and he presumed that the prêtent waa wljat- was usually termed a political meeting, but ho wai quite, ignorant of. the programme of pioceedings .for thai j evening, though ho haw scated around him a numbeV. of gentlemen, who he believed hud some' scheme to Sropound, which ho had no doubt would be placed efore them in language quito intelligible, but from ¡what ho could glean the object VTBB to place their, Yellow-townsman-Mr. Thomas Bowden In nomina- tion as their repre-entative-(checrB)-und ho must ¡say that in whatever prominent, position ho (Mr. 'Bawdeni was called upon to occupy, ho always filled the post'with credit to the town and honor to himself. (Loud cheers.) In Baying this he had no desire to flutter Mr. Bawden, fur ho waa not accustomed to do, so, moro particularly when the party Interested waa. ; present, but rather the other way. II« would not now touch upon the programme, but prnbnbly after hearing the candidate, he would give them his «pinions, which ! they could act upon or not He hoped they , would ' afford to every speaker, who might winn, to addrrnv '^hernia fun-rand impartial hearing;- He wouW nO>' call upon Mr. Bawden lo favour' tho meeting with hia reply to the address presented to him that day. Mr. T. RAWDXX, J.P., on rising was received with a burst of applause, which having subsided, he .said he must crave ,the, indulgence of the meotlug, as the position was quite new to him, never before having addressed a publio assembly under the circumstances in which ho was then placed. Ho had during the day been presented with a requisition inviting him to como forward "as a candidate for the representation ; of the Electorate in Parliament, and it was in order to receive his reply to that requisition that the'meeting had been convened. Before giving his reply it would,' perhaps, be as well-as no doubt there were many present who had not seen it-for him to read the requisition nnd then give his reply/which he had wi h ten aiid would read to them. '[.The requisition and reply, which appear in our ad vei ticing columns, were here read by Mr. Bawden]. ' During the reaoing- of the reply, as well as at the conclusion, Mr. Bawden was frequently cheered. Ho said he thought it was hardly necessary that he should "detain , them by any lengthened remarks, for be had been very busy, and had not been, enabled to prepare himself to address them, nor was he accustomed to mn tie long speeches. The flt st inti- mation ho had had of freing asked to stand, waa an advertisement which he saw in thc Examiner, when at the Clarence Heads on Tuesday,afternoon last, and then he did not believe there was anything in'it until within the last two duys, ' when some of his friends had mentioned the matter tn him, and as no person having local int« rests teemed willing or anxious ; to come fm word, as a candidate, he thought it would bo better that he should consent to. the request of tho requlsltianlsts, even if it wera only for a »hort time, rather than that the electorate should bo «addled, pro- bably for the next : five years, with a representative having no bond of identical interests with the electors; and moro thun all, might bo barely known beyond the walls of tome Sydney office. -The aim of such men, in seeking tn thrust themselves on such a district os this, munt surely be to servo (their own purpose, >or that of the class to which they belong-ai the real Ratriot waa a rare animal. As he had told them, Mn Is written reply, he could not afford to attend : icgu larly in the House, .'without, neglecting his own business, a . course he had, no desire, of ' adopt- ing, but he . was' willing :to .make-some sacri- fice far .'the sake of the district, and rather, than that a tenth-rate Sydney .mun should bo, elected, of whom thuy knew nothing, and ito some extent remove the charge.that had been made agatnst'thc district that a local man could not bo found-he would con- sent to accept the honor/' It-was necessary that.every person elected, should.retain'^ his*'seat for sixty days, that dining that sixty days, some person in whom the electors hud confidence-whether he bc a local man, or a man of, known character in thu political world would be found willing to'represent them; iii that cuse ho would gladly resign In order tb make way for a better man. . (Cheers.) Ho was informed that there were many of ms friends, who had hitherto declined to sign tho requisition or support him, believing:that they would not be serving htm by so doing; to them he, felt sincerely grateful,'., for . their , very, kind con- sideration, but now, that Hhey know his views, he felt and, hoped they would - accord . him their support against such candidates only ns he/came, forward .to oppose. (Chcers.)\Ut had been Bald that he was sn very ambitious, that if returned to Parliament, he would lose his balance, and neglect his own affaire, Not so, for though ho was willing to admit that he hnd some ambition, yet he could not forgot what he had been and from whence ho came-ns it was un'the Clarence he first began life, and ho had in his business connection"and otherwise, -been brought into contaot with < a . large. number of . eleotois, , yet know, of, 'no man" that day who (Was not'hts friend. " '(Loud' cheers.) He had grown tip ,among them, and many of thom had known him Rincé he was a child-during a space of nearly thirty years that he had been In the district ; he had during that time endeavoured to advance himself in life, and he left it' to them to say whether he had dono so or not-and in doing so, he did not forgot thut lt was to the kindness . and consideration of the people of the Clarence; that he. owed everything of worldly position." (Cheers.) ' HV could assure his'fi lends that.if' elected, ho would not be blindly ourrled away by his ambition- as he believed he never lind been.: An to nmbltion, he con- sidered an honorable ambition most creditable, not; only to the individual,'but to the place with which ho might be identified. (Cheers.) On- the other ? hand, if he was rejected, under the'circumstances in, .which ho now enmt beforo thom, he could assure them it would not in any way damp his ar Jour for advancement. (Cheers.) He felt ho was not the man'to represent tho district, and would not have presumed, nt present,' at, least, ti offer himself as a candidate, had it not1 been for th» reasons already ttutcd. The Clarence election had been fixed to toke piuco at such short notice that no opportunity had been offered tn eleôtors of teouringa man of. political stan'liug, as such men preferred seeking' tho suffrng'ps of electtiriitns nearer the seat of Government; it was quite possible thut some sujeh man might bo rejected \- one whoso services they might secure, and reflect credit on themselves in/ so ¿."lng, Buch a man, although second-hand, would bo fat preferable to any myth ii om Sydney who'might offer hltntelf- for such a man, worthy'tho o'onndonco of tim elcotörs,--fre- ? would ut once give way-(cheers) -or for a local man, whir could devote his timo and talents ta their service, and whom tho mnjorlty of the electors would chouse, (Cheers ) As ho lind told them in his reply, he could not devoto sufficient time tn toko hia scat for a whole session, yet, if elected, during the period that ho would have to hold his scat, ho Bhnuld endoavour to mnko it his business to attend for at least, some portion of tho» time, and he hoped that his actions I and votes would bo such aa would reflect erodit upon himself mid thc district. He should reuret to Bea any contest, though the town hail been'placarded that evening with posters, announcing a gentleman, who would seek their suffrages, .but he felt bound to say, in lils opinion, ho wits not tho man to represent them.-(Cries of\\!' No, no.")-But if during the next few days, a' good local man could be found willing to como forward, who had tho timo nnd ability to srrvo thorn, ho would willingly mako way for him,, but nat for a tcuth-ruta Sydney man. (Loud cheers,)' Ho was not aware thut there wns anything special about which ho need detain thom , by any furthor remarks, but as retrenchment just nnw «cornell to bo rather freely discussed, his opinion was that If the Bullirlos of Ministois were out down, there would not bo sn much fighting for place, os to get into oilico would not be wurdi fighting for, Ho did not moan to say thia was a true charge, against ail, but he felt it wns tho case with some, and ho'would vate for making the snlarlos only sufficient to pay their expenses while lu uffico,'" Retrenchment, in tho Government servioo should not .bo understood tn moan cutting down tho salnrloB ofi tho Juniors only, but it should mean those of tho hoods af tho dopaitmonts also, and a thorough rc-orgimlzation-uettlng rid of thu third man, whoro two men could do., his ; work, Again thunking thom for tho honor they sought to confer upon him, ho would lonvo tho mntlor In their hands, Tho candidato iceumcd his «eat amid loud cluer./. Mr. Alderman ATTWATER said they were all aworo that at the last election, bo took an active part in securing the return of their late member, and ns nothing waa known ai to whether tho Hon. John Robertson intended to seek re- election at their hands, os one of his lato supporters, ho »'rote to him, and in reply ho received tho following telegram i My party thought my «Unding for Sydney would Increase strength. If elected, will practically be s second member for tho Clarence. Upon receipt of this information, ho put in an adver- tisement, and his reason for dning so was, that ho had heard Mr. Bawden's name mentioned, and he thought it WOB not possible to get a better man to represent them, and ultimately it was determined to Ret up a requisition, requesting that genllecx^i to allow him- self to be placed in nomination.^ 'ina chairman had told them he was not «ware w'rfit the programme wns, but he could inform them there were nu resolutions prcpnri'd for that evening, for he did not believe in meetings where everything was cut and dried, but rzntherinus where every Englishman could say what he liked. . Now what he had to say waa that they could not get o better man to represent them than his Worship the Mayor, and if ho could not afford to hold hi» sent, he for one would give a subscription rather than lone his services af their representativo, and he had much pleasure in proposing. - "Mr. Thomas Bawden, J.P., as a tit and proper person to represent thc Clarence Elecoruto in the forthcoming Parliament of Now South Woles." (Loud cheers.) Mr. LBWIS JAOOUB, in seconding the motion, said he considered the electors would owe a debt of deep gratitude to Mr. Bawden, who had, in their hour nf need,' at great sacrifice to himself, come forward and placed his services at their disposal, and thus pre- vented the electorate from being saddled with an outsider for the next live years. The CUAIUUA'V said ' before putting the resolution," if any one withed tn address tito meeting,' or put any Question to the candidate, they were now Invited1 to OSO. . ?' -.-I' ??' üiV'lí'n,: . i>S *"\ Mri F: G. CnnucH :* He would- like to know from Mr Bawden, in tho event of his return;; upon,-;which side of tho House'he would take his seat F ' ."' Mr. T. BAWDEN t His. address, which rhe had read them, i would show nn whioh side he would lake his seat-lt was on tho side of. Progress. (Laughter.) ; ," Mr. F. G. Ciiovon considered that wa's" nö answeri to his question, ss all.the candidates'in their addresses stated that they were on¡thé Bide of Progress. , Mr. T. BAWDEN : Ho would take his scat on thc Government side ; by , that he did not mean to£be like the Vicnr of Bray, atid'sit with whaiever.Government might be in office, but','ho meant'with the'present' Qovcrnmcnt. . . .. , . j, Mr. W. SOUTJIION: Would Mr. Bjwdon,-if returned, help to bury:the Kinma ghost ?t ..» :. ;,'!. !. | ¡ 'r;r Mr. BAWDEN : Ho considered the Kiama glicht pretty' well buried already. ' ,?:V'.j ,.?'j.'.'li.iC'.V'j The CH AI UM AN . then put the resolution, which was carried without a single dissentient.' ' ".' j Mr. T. BAWDEN heartily'-thanked thc electora for tho expression af opinion that he was a tit. end, proper person to represent ' them^thoiigh he thought 'wh'ot they wanted was a gentlemen who could devote the whole of his timo to his Parliamentary duties,- which ho could riot do, though he trusted that what he did would be satisfactory ; that if ever tho time should come-which he hoped, would-when he could And leisure to devote to the duties, he would be ns descr- ying of their confidence and of the honor, as they appeared to think him that day. (Loud cheer?).; ' Mr. Wi LAMDBIIT proposed,-"That a committee be at once formed lo secure tho return of Mr. Thomas Bawden, as their representative in Parliament." The motion havini;been seconded, on- being put to the meeting by_ tho V CnAIKMAN, was unanimously adopted..'- V' ??'?'",'. .;'' ,\ Mr. J. - E,' CIMFHAN proposed, Mr.: Tv'BAWDEN seconded a voto of thanks to tho chairman, which was carried by acclamation. ,. . ^ ," ¡¡iMr.'.T. PisiiEH, J.P., Baid when ho entered the meeting, he had no idea that he would be called upon j to occupy tho position vf .chairman, that : èvening.'as tn that capacity his mouth was scaled, but by tho vote just passed he appealed Ito! have rilled that post to their satisfaction, and now thai thc meeting was over, ho was'at llbeity to moko a few'remarks, and what he wak about to say,1 ho 'felt sure'they would give him credit for being sincere in,; as no one could feel 'more proud than hinveiràt tho 'return'.of Mr.1 Bawden, as j their representative, "who opart from being his personal { friend, was a man in every way worthy of tho honor, one who would UH the seat with credit not only to himself but to the clistrict\that;rcturned'liim.~> (Loud cheers.)" The statementfrom^Mr".'Bowden hen, 'that Jf returned,' he would not go in for'the «hi lo term of the session, was to him highly,: satisfactory, a» he was sure his business was euch thut it. required his undivided and almost 'dolly attention;1: and' the flrst duty of every man was to his family, and he should bo soi ry to see Mr. Bawden made tho - scapegoat of any body bf men.' (Hear, hear.)' He (Mr. Uawden) was a man connected in so many .ways with the "affairs 'of the town and district, whilst the business he did, was of that peculiar nature, that ho could not delegate his,duties to another.; and hundreds, would mits Mr. Bawden if he wis long absent, from the town ; and as he had told them he had nov private means, ho was not ashamed to confess that.he «as.one of. those, who though, he, only, spoke',, of »lt ''privately; .amongst'hts friends, yet hoped that-, Mr. Dnwden 'would not, In ennsonting . to stand,-sacrifico his own interest, for what could riot return him a commensurate cain. Ile (Mr. Fisher) had been mixed up with Mr. Uawden in many matters" c'nnncctcd:with tho welfare of this dis jtrlct, and which ho was happy to say had proved a perfect success, but he believed' that without Mr. Bawden's assistance those results would riot havo been" attained ; thoBc of course were matters ol' prnotieo, the results being, evident to the whole community, and it waa from such results as these that tho public should judge of tho illness -or oth.rwlso nf men s'uitabla'torepresent their interests in tho Legis- lative Assembly., It waa ,not.theorists they required, but solid practical trien, (those who- had * proved themselves by results-as \Mr. Bawden had-tn po-seas sufBclent ability to mañane not only his own business satisfactorily, but-if he might judge by the humber of ? constituents using h's office-that " of many other«. It was such men then as these that they required to send to Purllnment tu watch over their interests. He understood there wero two other | candidates likely to' bo nominated for this electorate boih'oi.thcm lawyers. One of them-Mr. \V. H. Pigott, formerly practicing ; in , Ornfton-had already placarded the town; and,tho other aspirant, was Mr. De Lissa,.'of thc Hrm of\Mes9rs,'Levy and;De Lissa, of Sydney. (G-oans- and hisses.) Now ho had nothing.;whatever to say against- either of these gentlemen as private Individuals, nor of the profession generally ns such, but he would mo« emphatically advise them and all other constituencies, never to return lawyers as members of Parliament, as thoy were in his opinion the worst representatives ;they could have ; their actions generally . went to retard the business of tho country, and they acted there, as unfortunately many of them did in their business practices-present company of course excepted-spin out thé length of their clients' cases to their injury and cost, oftentimes without the slightest consideration of aught else but their own personal gain, and ho should be sorry to see Mr. Bawden give place to such -«ion. (Hear, hear.) If the business of the count'y was to bu carried on satisfactorily, they must return 'mon of well-known business ability. It was not [theoretical knowlcdgo alone that would.prove useful ' [to tho country, but a conscientious willingness, coupled ¡with ability that was essential; to,bring about practical results. (Hcnr, hear.) As regarded Mr. Bawdon's political creed, ha was quito Miro ho could not pourtrny anything hut what, he could go heart and hand with him, as- ho felt certain ho was n gentleman that would not do anything to retard tho progress, of this Ano district-(cheers)-and if Mr. Bawden only consented to go' In fur a timo to stop tho gap for a better man, he was by so doing not only serving them, but doing the eleoiors of tho district a gond turn; and ho. hoped Mr. Bawden would not allow his ambition to carry him away, but would .tudy well lils own intotcst and that of his family belora the multltudo. Ue trusted there would be :no necessity tn go to the poll, but in the evont of a contest, he hoped those who had'brought Mr. Ha «den out | would defray tho cost*, of his election, and not let lt come out of the candidate's pocket. (Hoar, hear). The meeting, whioh had been must unanimous | throughout, thou broke up, ' UNCLAIMED LBTTEH»,-The following,Is the lût of | unclaimed letton lying st tho Tost Omeo, Gratton, lt not clalmod by tho end of tho month, thoy will no forwarded to tho Dead Lotter Ollie«, Sydney i- , Donald Buchanan Charlotte lluoltley Thomas Holley Mr, llrown . Thoma« Batoman » . Jamel Carno W.Colo . Unary Dark Andrew Danaglry Thomas Edward« Slr. Enfield Thomm Knglorl Ehud Onie > Slr, (london Jarno« Hay ? Jacob M. Fenson J. ll. Creon ' O. Ijnit Mr. Iiaunt ?». It. Lamond rstrlok Moran F. Muon Mr«, J, Mulroon Miry Walt, 