'I' "'" ¿MW ZEALAND. * .- -p I /FROM O' « OWN CORRESPONDENT.) DUNEDIN, Auo l8 iiflje alarm which the native gathering at Tokangamutu caused us has, almost entirely nbsided- We have lecoived but scanty and wmcntary news 0f what has actually trans ted there during the past few weeks, Such scraps of information, however, as have como («hand have not buen of so contradictory a character as the i temi of news from the King's country generally ni o. It appears to bo quite certain that Kins Tuwhiao has not received Te Kooii with favour-that there is, in fact, ill Can open qnan el between thom. Rewi, o» the other hand, feoems to have given him countenance. Tlie report that this chief had actually joined linn, which on tho strength of uñíate information I discredited Avhen writ jug last month, has been scvoral times re nenttd. It appears probable that it is true Ld not true-tiuc in so far as that there is some measure of alliauce between them, not so if intended to mean that they have joined hands to attack the Pakeha. Rewi aud his trite (Neatimaniopoto) are said to be dis- pleased with tho "pretensions" of Tawhiao. Ile is, perhaps, not disposed to be so much King'Log as his predecessors. The Stork lias offered himself in the person of Te Kooti, who has declared outspokenly that he intends to be king. It is difficult to behove that a really great chief like Retvi will support this comparatively low-born pretender to the native throne. Nevertheless, it seems to bo certain that they are friondly, and that neither is in favour at the Maori court. We are hoping that the complication ivill be tho reverso of disaslious to ourselves, and that, whilst; our open und secret enemies quarrel amongst themselves, they will loavo the Avhito settlers in peaiv. There has b"en no fighting anywhere since the present Ministry came into power, a fact which the lattei tuite leave to attribute to Jlfr. Maclean's accession to office. This in- terval of peace, mid the improved character of news from the Waikato, has led some members of the Assembly to complain that they wero tricked into asssenting to the re- solution which sent Dr. Featherstone to your city, and obtained from General Chute a re- versal of the orders for embarkation given to the 18th Regiment. The colonists of New ' Zealand, however, art! well pleased Avith that resolution, and with the success of Dr. Ftatherstone's misión. No one here doubts in his own mind, whatever party feelings may induce him to suy, that tho removal of the last reruimnis of the Imperial troops ' would have emboldened our native enemies in a measure out of all proportion to the nieio numerical strength of the force withdrawn. ' The Government has carried its proposal io renew the application to Great Britain for further aid, but not without submitting to some modifications of it. The total force to be asked for has been reduced to 1,000 men. The division wliicli took place in connexion with'the resolution*, tmbodying this proposal was a comparatively close one; but it does not aftord any index to the opinion of the House of Representatives. Tho amendment upon them, moved by Mr. Stafford, was only a party move, and did, in fact, affirm that ve ought to make anangements for keeping the men who have been temporarily detained here. The Government had only a majority of four on that occasion, but there seems to be no longer any doubt that they will ret lin their seats through the present session. During the debate on the resolutions just alluded to, Mr. Staflord and Mr. Hall spoko in such terms about the policy of the Imperial Government towards New Zealand, and towards the colonies generally, that Mr. Vogel did not hesitate to tell them that their seciet desire was that our application for as- sistance should be again refused, and that New Zealand should be forced into the posi- tion of an independent state. Though these gentlemen, in îepudiating the ideas thus fathered upon them, declared that it would givothem great sorrow to see the tie which binds the colony to ' the mother country severed, what they said leaves the impression that they look forward to the event as one by no means distant. Mr. Stafford's emphatic words were, "There is no Imporial Govern- ment. There is a British Government sitting in Downing- street, managing affairs in tho United Kingdom very badly, but no Imperial Government." Ile used A'ery similar lan- guage to this last year, when he was Prime Minister of New Zealand. Nor is he alone in holding such sentiments. The idea that the Imperial connexion is of no use to the colony, and may ere long prove a burden or hurt to it rather than otherwise, is becoming very pre- valent hero. And this opinion obtains quito as much in the south, whore we are free from the worst evils of these native wars, as elsewhere. Sir George Grey, in a sort of manifesto which ho and others sent out to the Governor of this colony by the last mail -a sort of public protest against the manner in Avhich New Zealand is being treated by tho Imperial Government-has expressed a con viction that "bitter hostility " against Eng land will be engendered in the minds of tho colonists. It has not come to that, but the belief that all this must end in a change of the relations which exist at present between Great Britain and the colony has taken hold upon the minds of a great many. Wo read the comments made by the British press upon our affairs, and gather the conviction that it is not the Colonial Office merely (as our champion Sir George Grey seems to think), but the nation itself that has como to the ?conclusion that colonies aro only incum brances if they cannot manage for them selves altogether. An ultimate separation is looked upon as a certainty, and whether it shall como soon or late is a question treated .with much indifference. It Avould indeed he difficult to say what Ave gaiD, and quite easy to shoAv what we aro losing, tlnough the existing connoxion with the mother country, Mr. Hall did not imitate his late colleague's declamatory style, but entered into the question argumentatively. All that he said Avas of as much pertinence to the circumstances of the other colonies of this group as to those of New Zealand. This por 'lion of his Bpecch (made on the 5th instant) is worthy of perusal by everyone who has occupied himself with the subject. Whilst asking for troops from England, the 'GoA'crnment proposes to reorganise our own little army, and to convert it into a consta- bulary force. We are to hear no more of colonial troops. Commissioners, inspectors, and sub-inspectors are to take the place of colonels, captains, and lieutenants. This is a step in the right direction. Mr. St. John Branigan, who is known to many of your readers, and who has been for many years at the head of the police force of this province, has been entrusted with the task of re -organisation. ' Such details of the financial statement of the Colonial Treasurer as can have any inte- rest for readers outside Now Zealand havo piohubly reached you. The only point of tho 'Government policy which has been the sub , jc ct of serious attack is tbo proposal to limi li/'ir expenditure for defence (exclusive of tvha Ave n.ay have to pay for Imperial troops) to £150,000 for the current financial year. It is evident that under untoAvard circumstances ?more money Avould be required, and that if so, it Avould have to be spent. But tho Go- vernment has great confidence in its ability to steer clear of any such difficulty, and has the country at its back in its determination resolutely to limit expenditure of this sort. "It was an agreeable surpriso to find that there was to be no deficit, only a floating debt ¡of some £350,000 now existing, to be left to be provided for at some future day. One of tho financial proposals of the Go- vernment is to let in tho " thin end of the wedge" of protection, by imposing import duties on grain equal to those existing ia ypur colony, îïiis proposal is,' howoverj not put forward as a distinctly,"protectionist ono. If is even hinted that it is to bo viewed in tho light of a reprisal against "Victoria. Tho real effect of it will ho to protect the producers of this island against the competition of the Austialian colonies, and the countries on tho other coasta of the Pacific. At,'present, whilst we bavo a surplus of breadstuffs hero (in Otago), and in Canterbury, the North Island draws no inconsiderable share of itg supplies from other countries. The Govern- ment declines, however, to raise tho ques- tion of protection in connexion with this proposal, a course which is somewhat dis-' ingenuous, seeing that the Treasurer has already avowed his adhesion to the theory, and the Premier himself is suspected of hav- ing leanings - in tho samo dhection. The course adopted will not long postpone a Parliamentary fight on the subject. Last year a majority of the Upper Houso declared in favour of a mild form of the doctrino, on tho plea that, as we tax almost all imports very heavily, -we ought especially to tax thoso which compete with the industries already established in the colony. Throughout tho country, and especially in this province, the protectionists aro a very numerous body, and will, I bcliove, ore long carry the day. Tho influences arc nt work hero which gave this pernicious theory its hold upon the popu- lation of Victoria, and I fancy the only way in which this ghost will ever be laid will bo by giving it its day. i Tho discovery of one or two more new gold- fields has been loudly proclaimed during the month, but neither these, nor those 1 re- ferred to in my last communication, havo as yet yielded any results worth speaking of. The latest excitement is in regard to Stewart's Island, where quartz reefs, known to bo more or less auriferous, wero opened up some ,yeors ago. The annual report of our Marine and Sur- vey department has just been issued from the Government Printing-office. To all who are connected with colonial shipping this docu- ment will prove interesting. Tho survey of the west coast of this island has shown that the Admiralty charts are seriously inaccurate. A sketch map on tho same (half inch) scale as the charts is published-with tho report, showing 1 the errors on that part of the coast frequented > by shipping (Cascade Point to Groy River), and giving an accurate outlino of it. Com- modore Lambert having found reason to con- . elude that dangerous errors existed in the ¡ Admiralty chaits of various portions of tho noith-east coast of the North Island, the sur- vey party has made an examination of tho neighbourhood, which has confirmed his opinion. As some of the inaccuracies thus rought to light affect the safety of naviga- tion to the now celebrated region of tho Thames, it is well that the utmost publicity should be given to the fact of their ex- istence. The question of the mail communication with England, via your port, is not yet settled. The select committee of tho-House of Repre- sentatives could not agree to a recommenda- tion, and has merelyreported to the House that a single service, Uko that now existing, will cost £14,050 per annum, and a double service, i.e., one steamer from Melbourno to tho Bluff, and one from Sydney to Auckland, £24,400. The Government has included provision for the latter, from November next, in the Esti- mates as laid before the House, and it is not ui. likely that tho arrangement will be carried out. 