KENT TOWN WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. CHRISTIAN ADVENTURES IN SOUTH AFRICA.— A lecture under the above title was delivered in the Town Hall on Saturday evening, September it by the Rev. William Taylor, of California, in aid of the funds of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church. The spacious Hall was filled, and the Hon. John Colton presided. After singing and prayer, the Chairman said he occupied his position that evening with no ordinary pleasure, and before calling on the rev. gentleman to deliver his lecture he, on behalf of the meeting, would cordially welcome him back to South Australia. His memory would be in the recollection of many as long as they lived, and he was satisfied that his labours would not be forgotten while eternity lasted. Since Mr. Taylor was last amongst them —about four years ago-he had bsen labouring in various parts of the world with great success especially in South Africa, and he presumed he intended to give them an epitome of his work there. He had read the rev. gentleman's book on the subject, and it was of a most interesting nature. Mr. Taylor, who was received with great applause, remarked that for the last three months he had been. engaged in a prolonged series of special services in New South Wales, and felt the need of a little rest. He heard that he was wanted over here, and although that kind of rest might seem rather burdensome, yet, after their kind receptioh and welcome, he should feel himself quite at home, and endeavour to make it as easy as possible. By the way, that remarkable creature called John Bull was really a marvellous creature—a short of huge amphibious creature. The United Kingdom of Great Britain could represent the heart; f they wished to measure his feet they had to begin at -Newfoundland, and perhaps go right across the American continent to Vancouver's Island o find his fore legs: and his nostrils extended up towards the North Pole. He was not philosopher en- jugh to say whether that extraordinary phenomena they frequently observed in the northern heavens, called the aurora borealis was simply the snorting of this creature—(laughter)—the spray lie threw up, the scintillations from his great nostrils, yet it was in that region they found his nose. Along the continent of India they felt for his loins, and if they wanted to find his rump and hind legs they came here to Australia-the antipodes. (Laughter and applause.) He supposed this was the tail-end —the antipodes of the nose; no disrespect to New Zealand, as the tail was a very useful part of a creature like this. Then along Southern Africa they might find the large flank of the creature, and that was the country he intended to talk about. The rev. lecturer then, in order to make his audience familiar with the nature of the country, gave a geographical description of the British settlements in Southern Africa and Kaffrana, and said the most interesting subject for that occasion would be a delineation of the Kaffir himself, and a statement of the work of God amongst them. He then in a pleasing style of narrative, after having stated that the Kaffir, taking him in the rough, without education, was superior in intelligence to the heathen of any other country, and was considered to possess a finer physical devolopment than the inhabitants of tne British Isles, not excepting even the residents of the Highlands, stated that many of them possessed fine Jewish physiognomies, and their ceremonies, customs, and traditions in several respects were kindred to those _ of the Jews. As an illustration of their intelligence an anecdote was related of a converted Zulu Chief, who ou being warned by a missionary against Dr. Colenso as one who was likely to shake his faith in Christ, said " I have been acquainted with Jesus Christ for 13 years. I don't know Colenso, but I know JesuB, and I don't see how Colenso can shake my faith in him." On being told that he had shaken the faith of a great many strong men, the Chief said "I want you to tell me the strongest thing Bishop Colenso ever said against the Word of God." He was informed tha* the Bishop by mathematical demonstration had proved that from the dimensions of the ark built by Noah, it could not by any possibi'ity have contained the animals it was said to have done. The Zulu replied, "If God should commission me to build an ark and give me the same measurements he gave to Noah, and plenty of good timber, and 130 years to fulfil the contract, 1 warrant you I would make it big enough" T(laughter and applause)-and this was the way in which a Kaffir answered a question that Colenso perhaps had studied for a week. The Kaffirs had traditionary laws, which, perhapB, were as rigidly upheld as the written laws of any country, and illustrations were given of this in order to show the class of people the missionaries had to deal with. His mission there, he said, was a providential arrangement caused by the illness of his son, and he laboured for about seven months, the principal stations being Port Elizabeth, Graham's Town, and King William' s Town, with great success amongst colonists and Kaffirs, preaching to the latter through the medium of interpreters, one of whom he mentioned translated his discourses in a clear and natural manner. At the close of one of their services the names of 115 natives were given in as professiugto have obtained forgivenness of sins. Daring the short time he was in the country 7.UU0 Kaffirs we<e converted, and the number had been ureatly increased since. He did not go there to learn the Kaffir language, but to study the Kaffir; and he demonstrated the feasibility of preaching by interpretation with even greater success than if he had understood the tongue. In conclusion, Mr. Taylor 6ang, with great eftect, a portion of the hymn "The Eden above," translated into Kaffir, and was loudly applauded on resuming his seat, his address having lasted rather more than two hours. On the motion of the tfev. Mr. Binks, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Millard, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him, and, a similar compliment to the Chair having been passed, the proceedings closed. On Sunday, September 12, services were conducted- morning, afternoon, and evening—by the Rev. W. Taylor, in the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church, in connection with the anniversary and reopening of that edifice. Ttiere was an exceedingly large attendance in the morning, many of the congregation having evidently come in from the country. Mr. Taylor discoursed from St. John, 5th chap., and 39th verse—"Search the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life, and they are they which testify of me." The Scriptures were, he said, a well-established fact, and by searching them they became acquainted with Christ. He recommended them to search Holy Writ. God never left the world without light, which man, however, had frequently rebelled against. The preacher traced the history of mau down to the flood; the incidents aud biographical references contained in the Bible composing a chain of testimony conclusive of the literal accuracy of the Scriptures. He drew a vivid picture of the passage of the Israelites over the Red Sea, and the protecting and everwatchful Providence which led them in safety to the desired laud. God on that occasion gave a striking proof of His sovereignty and power, and b.is sympathy with man. His care and omnipotence were displayed in many remarkable instances d E nn , K .'pat 40 years' journeying. The Uible attorded frequent illustrations of the way in which trod proved to His people by convincing facts His supreme power. The writi "gs of Moses, Joshua, and David, afi irded numerous instances of this. On Mount Sinai God revealed to Moses, and through him to the children of Israel, phases of His moral character and the power with which He controlled the elements. The birth of Christ was the development of the promise that the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head. God's revelations of Himself were embodied, not m the writings of any one historian, but in the Book of Cod as written by inspired writers. It required intelligence to be a Christian. On the basis of faith they could build their hope to share in the spiritual life hereafter, liach man was told to| search the scriptures himself to find evidence of their truth and Divine origin. They were all-convincing on account of the purity of the doctrines they taught and the force of their illustrations. The promise of Christ contained in the books of Moses was handed down from generation to generation as a royal line to the nativity of Jesus. He traced the kingly lineage of Christ from Adam downwards, and then referred briefly to a few of the wonderful prophetic announcements of the birth of the Messiah. In the afternoon the commodious structure was crowded to suffocation, all the standingroom at the doors and in the aisles being occupied. Mr. Taylor delivered a discourse, which was announced to be more particularly directed to children, from Matthew, 21st chap, and the latter PVt of the sixteenth versed" Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise." He remarked that when Jesus of Naweth appeared, there'was'no mistaking it that he was the long-promised Messiah. The people were afraid to evince their rejoicings at his coming, as he was thus the verification of the ancient prophesy. David, m the Sth Psalm, had expresseaa similar sentiment, which was, however, perfected by Christ. These children were quoted as examplesof what was attainable by little children to the end of the world. If children spoke thus in David's time and of voS^dMT® Jr as J^e a thousand years later; it showed that all chddren would feel thus in al time. This was a logical deduction from the evidence, -inere was a weak prejudice' in the minds of many Christian parents against the spiritual attainments of their children: Manv a parent would say to his child, who might ask if he could not become a Christian, " My son, youaretoo young yet.' This would most likely be the case if the child aid not exceed six or seven years of age The exhibition of pious feeling on the part of a chi id revealed a beautiful trait and a noble instinct It was necessary to ascertain the ages of the babes and suckliDgs who uttered the memorable words in the text. Was the age 10 years! He did not reckon so. Whoever heard of a 10-year-old puckling? Was it sue yearsf H? thought Rot, He would not like to muse a six-year-old baby. Was it an innocent little babe resting on its mother's bosom, opening its httle mouth and crying out, " Hosanna to fhe Son of God." No, it was not that class of babes; no. they were between three and five years old, when they were nursery children. Sunday scholars were divided into three classes; the infant class, containing children under seven years; the middle class, up to 15; and the first class, for those over 15 years. Lord Brougham, after years of observation, which he was accustomed to give to things of importance, once said that a child learnt more of what was practical and essential during the first six years of its life than ever it did afterwards. He was of opinion that the early training of children was of such importance that if a child were sent to Sunday School at five years of age he could tell where it would go. It was absurd to say that there was no moral sensitiveness in little children. God's gracious design was revealed to man by children. The Apostles could not understand that as they clung to the old Hebrew idea of a temporal sovereignty. They thought Christ would smash up the Roman legions, rebuild Solomon's temple, and reconstitute the kingdom; and they expccted to be his prime ministers, and even quarrelled amongst themselves as to who should be the highest. Children were often made the instruments of God's mercy. He recommended all present to ponder well on the words of the text. In the evening the building was crowded to excess in every part. The Kev. Mr. Taylor took for his text the Words of Christ, " All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men; but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men." (Matt. xii. 31.) He pointed out in the first place the danger of presumption on God's goodness and mercy, and then proceeded to expound the meaning of the solemn announcement. of the text. He did not consider that the blasphemy against the Holy Gh-st consisted in any specific sinful word or act, the commission of which preluded mercy, but the words of the Saviour were a warning to sinners to stop before it was too late. There was no soul which might not have been saved at one time or another. It was a steady persistence in sin and iu resistance of Christ which he understood to be the sin against the Holy Ghost, for which there was no forgiveness, because there remained no susceptibility for repentance; and he entreated his hearers to examine themselves to see that they had not arrived at that sad stage. It was a deteriorating disease, as it were, going on in the soul, some ©f the evidences of which were a disposition to cavil, a tendency to scepticism, and to making excuses when salvation was proclaimed, and an increasing indisposition for spiritual things. He could not define it, but there was a point beyond which if they went they were lost. In illustration of this the preacher related a thrilling incident of the escape of a vessel on the Niagara River from a threatened destruction at the Falls, and the actual loss of a human being who was dashed on the rocks belowthe Falls of Niagara, after immense efforts for his rescue had been almost crowned with success. In conclusion, he said there were many in his presence who would never see the end of the coming summer, and urged them in earnest words to decide for God ere they reached that point at which all hope oi their salvation was lost. At the close of the service a prayer meeting was held, to which nearly the whole of the congtegation remained. A collection was made at the end of each service, realizing a handsome amount in aid of the building fund. 