I MR H #? was fresh I ... near Mr. Harwood, of the Theatre Royal, who has been favourably ki "swift as an actor in the Australian colonies to." 4"e last thirteen years, leaves Melbourne for England by the mail steamer next Tuesday, we'll go view of procuring novelties for the theatre with which he is connected. Mr. Harwood is an Australian actor, who has worked his way into a leading position in his profession without the advantages of European the. Patrick experience, by sheer force of native t "dent, and industry ; but it is in Victoria that' his greatest successes on, the boards have by m achieved, and Melbourne may fairly claim M have had the largest share in developing hisses histrionic powers. Mr. Harwood's theatrical experiences will form a not uninteresting chapter in the dramatic annals of the colony when they come to be written, and as he is about to quit the Victorian stage for a season, some account of his public career will not be out of place. Mr. Harwood arrived in Melbourne in June, 1852, and was for two or three years engaged in the building trade, to which he was in early life apprenticed. Be. coming dissatisfied with his position, he took ship for Sydney, and no favourable opportunity offering for establishing himself in trade there, his dramatic instincts directed his attention to the stage, for which he always had a passion, and meeting with! a shipmate in the person of Mr. Tranter, the leader of the band at the Victoria Theatre-, he was introduced by the latter to Mr. Crosby, . the acting-manager, and soon after" had the honour of appearing before an Australian audience during Mr. G. V. Brooke's first Sydney engagement, in 1866, in the character of Flavius Corunna, in Howard Payne's play of "Brutus." Mr. Harwood afterwards played a succession of small utility parts, and was then offered the position of prompter under the management of the late Mr. Gordon Griffiths. This enabled him to obtain a good knowledge of theatrical affairs behind the curtain, and he made such good use of his time that a few months later he was engaged to go to Auckland, New Zealand, as stage manager, and for juvenile business. A probationary term of nine months here ended, he returned to Sydney, and no suitable engagement offering, he went over to Tasmania, and performed for some months in Launceston. From thence he crossed over to Melbourne, and proceeded under engagement to the Victoria Theatre, Ballarat. Three months having been spent in the metropolis of the gold-field?, he played for a season of four months at Geelong, performing! ancxtraordi nary variety of characters, including the equestrian ones of Mazeppa, Dick Turpin, Timour the Tartar, &c.; During a visit from the late Mr. G. V. Brooke, he sustained' a great number of important and responsible parts, and so much to the' satisfaction of that eminent tragedian, that Mr. Brooke offered him an engagement at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, where he first appeared in August, 1857, as Ancient Pistol, in " The Merry Wives of Windsor." He played a number of small utility parts under the unpopular stage managerial reign of Mr. Richard Younge, and by dint of careful study and attention to detail, rapidly advanced in public estimation. He was stage manager for Mr. G. V. Brooke after the Edwards and Fawcett regime ; also, for Mr. George Coppin, during Sir W. and Lady Don's visit, and was acting-manager for Mr. W. S. Lyster during four opera seasons. Throughout Mr. Barry Sullivan's long lessee ship of the Theatre Royal, he was a valuable member of the company. In Bob ruary, 1867, he became a member of a co- partnership in the management of the Theatre Royal (which originally included Mr. J. C. Lambert and others), and he retains that position still. In his managerial career Mr. Harwood displayed a talent for burlesque acting, of which only glimpses had been seen before He soon assumed the position of first favourite, and his popularity has been rather on the increase since. One of the greatest hits be made soon after assuming the managerial reins was his impersonation of Mr. Barry Sullivan, in an amusing force written by Mr. R. P. Whitworth of this city. The make-up was a counterfeit presentment of the tragedian who had but recently appeared on the same boards, and the well known peculiarities of dress, declamation, gait, and even facial expression, which distinguish him, were so exactly copied that the effect was irresistibly amusing. Mr. Harwood's impersonation of Mr. Davis in "The Flying Scud," afforded probably the best illustration of his powers in low comedy and in the domain of burlesque, wherein he has reached a height of popularity never before attained by any other actor here, Cassandra.. in "The Siege of Troy," written by Mr. W. M. Akhurst, a local author, is his greatest achievement. There is certainly no actor on the English stage who has performed' a greater variety of characters, requiring for their successful delineation the most opposite qualifications ; but Mr. Harwood has always displayed a degree of care and discernment which has procured him a measure of success in whatever he has attempted, and he has thus escaped those ludicrous failures, caused by carelessness begotten of. concerts, which have been frequently witnessed on the stage. Some idea of his unequalled versatility may be gathered from the fact that, in addition to his great achievements in burlesque, he has played with success the Ghost in "Hamlet," the clown in a Christmas pantomime, Polo runs and Richmond, Mike Feeney in "Arrah na Pogue," and Chateau Renaud, Melter Moss in "The Ticket-of-Leave Man," and the Marquis de Reval in "Lavater," Collier in Louis XI. and Solomon in "The Stranger," Lconato and Blueskin, Holo fences and Dick Turpin, besides numerous farcical characters. There is, in fact, no branch of dramatic composition in which Mr. Harwood's parts are not found. He has played in " tragedy, comedy, history, pastoral, pastoral- comical, historical-pastoral, tragical historical, trngical-comical- historical-pastoral, scene individablo,'or poem unlimited," and he found neither Seneca too heavy nor Plautus too light. The extraordinary range of characters Mr. Harwood has been enabled to play is, no doubt, in a great measure to be attributed to the great care he habitually takes in the correct dressing as well as the studying of his parts, and his industry in this respect may be commended to those youthful aspirants for histrionic fame who persist in believing that there is a royal road to success in this, the most laborious of professions. It is creditable that an actor who partly acquired his profession in the colony, at a time when dramatic educational influences were not always of the best kind, should have had the discrimination to avoid the faults of any particular school, and this Mr. Harwood may claim to have done. Good business tact and genial manners have combined to make his managerial career a prosperous one ; but the principal young lady attractions at the Theatre Royal' cannot be retained for ever, and as there seems to be no rising dramatic talent in the colony that can be looked forward to to supply their places, England must be canvassed for new favourites. Some rising stars of the provinces may probably be secured, and we as- a, derstand it is not unlikely that Mr. Barry Sullivan, amongst other celebrities, will be asked to revisit this colony. On Monday night Mr. Harwood takes his benefit, and the Melbourne theatre habitues, before whom he has appeared over 3,000 nights, will, no, doubt, make the occasion a marked one. 