THE C'OCLOUGH BATTLE. I (FKOM 'HILLS AMI Vll-1' -MAKJNt;' IS 'ALL THE Y£AR KOl'NU.') In tbe county of Wmford are tbe ruine of a | fine old alibey. converted into a cr-uiitry-liouta, j with a wall, here and ibere many l.et thick,] ami a little wii.dow or two so dcr|-ly einbajni, j that the btrang.r opening lb*ui laucies lie is plunging Ins arm into some deep hole. Round it economic modernise™ bave crust, d lutle looms aud addition*, but the abbey poitiou was hold a sa.1 drawback, the country gentKnieu about considering it a eort of ' rat-Lole.' It was full of eui ions panelling, recesses, ic. '« tbe existence ..f wliich tbe present ov. ucrs might well congratulate themselves. It is caJKd lin tern Abbey. The reutal was about ten tbou Band a year, aud towards the end of tbe last ceutury it was enjoyed by a Sir Vesey Co clougb, a dissipated gentleman of tbe old Irish school. He bad three re.atioUB, one named Ca^ar, known among tue people there as ' Xlie Barrister,' or more correctly, as ' The Couu Bbillur,' v.hi- later became Chief Justice uf a colony ? Dudley, a clergyman ? and tjarsn'eld. Sir Vesey was exactly ibe ' bold, bad man' that figures in melodramas — a true roysterer, and so partial to the society ol Indies other tuuu his wife, aud so ecandaluusly noisy lu tbe enjoy meut of their company, that tbe lady was driven from the hou.be, and obliged to live in a neighbouiing country towu with barely the necessaries uf life, wbeie she struggled to bring up her children. But lor lrieuds, she would literally have starved. Meanwhile the brothers and otuer relations heid carnival at the family mansion, and succeeded in obtaining lrom Sir Vesey advantageous leases and otbei benefits, keeping bis niiud all tbe time duly iuliaiueil. lue caioer of must members of bis fauiily was in keeping. Everyone was in diffi culties. The Kev. .Dudley's ' utcebBiticB,' as they were called, weie alwavs pressing; and tbe Chief Justice became tjjetuily u-ueli embar rassed iu hie circumstances. 'Bis ealaiy as Chief Justice,' bays the biief, gently enough, ' being inadequate to support the diguity ol hiB office ; as it would appear that a Colonial Chief Justiceship was at that time regarded with much more consideration than at present.' The later career of this gentleman was very trying to him, as he had to live in retirement in London. The ' Counsellor ' was cousin to the owner of Tinteru Abbey, and both were called Cictar — a favourite family name. By and by, the two cuueins had a falling out, and as it wae always handsumely underbtoud that near relationship nliniiM hf. tin har fa An fLrrauvement. thv:V weut out and fought a duel, 'i'buj, instead ot pro ducing 'satislactiou,' strange to say, com pletely estranged the relatiuns ; a permanent breach took place between them, and it was believed they never could be reconciled. This, liowever, is anticipating a little. Sir Vesey's eldest bod, Cssar Coclougb, thus disowned, and thus brought up in privation, determined to Beek his fortune away from his native land, and began a career tbat is almuBt picturesque. He went to London first, about the year 1790, where he tried to support him self by writing for the press. Ue was a man of refined taates, with a turn for mechanical in ventions, engineering, chemistry, and music — accomplishments which were to be developed by foreign travel aud practice. About tue year 1792, being theu about twenty-six, he ran over to fans full of Bpints, and prepared to enjoy his expedition. iJis impressions of the place ut that tune were gay, aud told graphically. ' 1 can now manage pork tripes, aud 1 take break fast a la mode Fraugais, withuut djatb or butter, and dine at oue, two, or three o'clock, on' nasty, Btiuking stews ; in tine, 1 am quite a Frenchman, except that X drink much aud talk little. X have as yet had no tidings of my shirts, and really bave had but four these two uiupths ; but that is full enough lor Paris, where dirt, parade, pleasure, aud politics are the springs of action. Overstreet aud Betty saw tue king and queen this day, and one oi the twenty-inree play-houses, aud were quite sick ol it before half was over.' He Dutuiaiiy touk a fancy to tbe lively city, bad his lujgingt- there by tue year, and was lucre again in Au gust of the same year. Tuere was a geneial nervousness then in Paris, when many were in clined to quit it ; but all the ports were strictly guaided, *ud iw one ulluwed out. 'When all tUe conspirators are takeu, theu the pausporu will be renewed, and then X inteud going to Koueu, ready to pass into England iu case auy affraca should take place. Something is want lug much here ; really there is too much liceu tiuusness.' la October he was unable to bet away, and was heading bis letters enthusiasti cally, ' Fourth year of liberty, and the nrst of equality aud ike Freucb. lleuublic' He iiaa quite caught the enthusiasm, had a con versa tioo with ' Kolanu, tue Minister of the lu terieur,' and told him of the necessity for sending arms to Ireland. Everything was growing dearer by oue-balf from, what it was the year before. The exchange ou England wae about twenty. At the ordinary where he dined they cut off a dish, but the price was still only nf teeo-pence. He was at a curious dinner in (November, where the English, Scotch, and Irish, with other strangers, met to celebrate the victory of the French Republic. Lord Edward Fitzgerald proposed a toast thut all hereditary titlus should be abolished, and Mr. Coclough sat opposite to Tom Paine, aud talked with him ou the state of Ireland. It was agreed betweeu them that there ought to be an address to the English people, ' to pre vent the court circulating poison about tbe Irish. ' On his birthday be was going to make all his friends drink to tbe health uf ' Good citizen Coclough.' But in January be wrote a curiuns letter, in a whisper, as it were, which speaks the awe- stirring character of the times : ' Say not one word of politics in future. There will tie no war except oue particular thing takes place. Before this in ten miles, Louis the un fortunate will bu no more. 1 attended his pro cess lor eleven hours yesterday, and he was coudemned to death in the space of tw;nty- four hours by a majority of (1 counted) thirty-two. Adieu. Tbe king is going.' In Narch, be went to the theatre one Sunday night ' and it was as full as if all France waB in thi state of riches and luxury that usually accoS(-anies a continued aud profound pence. Th) natural levity is such that 1 could find numbers ot characters like my father here : in fact, my father, as a Frenchman, would be called a galant et hounete humme, for vices liere of tbe must enunnuus kind are &ot; considered such.' Things, however, were growing dirk for tbe Kngliah. Money was not to be obtained. Tbe future French emigres were bidding with each other for bills on England, but the difficulty was to get them into the country, ana Dy writ ing four letters there waa a cuauce of one ar riving. A speculating Englishman could make tifty per cent of his bill on London. Hare ar ticles were selling l-y auction, and he was buy ing until be became, as he said, ' like a caravan.' But with the war with England all these residents weie converted into detenus, and sent to St Germains, where Coclough was put into the stoiey over the room where James the Second died. Every degree of humanity was shown to them. Das life during this anxious period must have been a strange one. Attunes all his supplies were cut off tor months, aud theu the generosity ot friends iu France aided him. At other sea sons he was cast into prison, and once was very nOAr hotnfr iitnlmliMi 1.1 am a.f t.h*- -1nat.h licta nf the Reign of Terror. It was surprising that, with euuh recollections, be could have wished to linger iu the country. But all the while he was laying up a store of grudges against his father aud otuer relations at home, who were treating him ill, taking advantage uf his ab sence, and perhaps praj ing tbat some bonnet rouge would denounce him, and hurry him to the nearest lauteme. In 1794 Sir Vesey died, but bis eon and heir was a prisoner uf war. KelatiouB of bis, how ever, took charge of the estate for a time, and oue of them got the abbey newly roofed, having some turee years before got a hint to do su, from the dining room cornice and ceiling tum bling in, and smashing bis bed to pieces. Tue Lausaune, where he lived under surveilktuce, and found it so attractive that nothing could tempt him home. A pritouer uf fortuue in those days would not have tuund it hard to ob tain release. His irieud informed him tbat it was intended to lay a tax of uxteen per cent, on old Irish absentees, but tbe news did nut stir him. Ue went on to Uutl It waa nuw tue year '98, and the Irish gen tleman, who was a democrat iu f*rU, was to , fed a little acutely the result of those doctrines , nearer home. Tue rebellion was drawing on. , In June, the brother, who wm ig_jrelandJ_gM_ writing over sketches of rel.i ll'on as t'i3]ibic ns tliotu he had received. !io had £ ''?? 'I1 w Dubliu, and found himself md^r niaru.-il jaw. There uas no business doin^, and ei.rj 0110 had to be at their homee by nine o'el.ji-k. lie accordingly left, and set sail for '\\\\--xl'rd. in a little sloop, and found everytliim: tbcie 111 uon stcrniition. Only the nifht before fiiio lour thi'Ui-iind of the insurgents bail assembled out side iue town, and be relates, very gra|iuically, the engagement between them and the two bundled men of the North Cork Militia, in wbicb the lebels killed every' one of tbe party but four. ' 1 should have told you, he adds, in an oddly placed way, 'that my brother is in DuUin. The whole country became later at their mercy, and Tom M'Cord and I, and all ' the Protestants, retreated into Duncannon ; | not that 1 was a bit afraid of our own people, , (or there was nothing they dreaded so much as being forced, through dire necessity, to join the insurgents.' So he and Tom M'Curd sailed in a little tloop and got over to Wales. Io uis j next, he begins that he takes up a pen ' to j write the saddest letter you ever did, or, 1 hn]-e, y ou ever will, receive.' He gives a little vignette from this bloody chronicle. 'My Uucle Tom was killed at Arklow charging tbe rebels at the head of bis troojis ; but now to lreeze your very blood ; my uutortunate Uncle Cornelius was surrounded and kept a prisoner in Lie own house by the rebels, wbeo, in order to save his life, he mpphed them with pruvi. siunB ; for doing wbicb, when the army was victorious and retook Wexford, they tried him by a court-martial for aiding the rebels, and he « as hanged this day week. John Coclough, of Craig, was also hauged ; but he was always susptcted ot being a Union inau. There Were many Proteotuut*, who, to save their own lives, were christened by a piiett, and J-re. tended to side witb the rebels : tucb as uiy Uncle Cornelius, Tom Vokes, Turn Hichards, and many more. The women were not injured anywhere, but where chiisteued.' His brother replied: 'Judge uf tbe horror of this perfidy that condemned tbe innocent, while two others were losing their lives in the service ; but, my dear John, this is familiar. I fear the tears that we have already shed are not to be so Boon dried, for tbe passions once roused to the point they are, mutual vengeance and ferocity pio* (luce Jong-continued effects.' But, presently, the Irish brother had to write that he was in confinement in Dublin, for there had been ' several attempts made by Tottenham of Kocs aud the Protestant ascendancy party to suborn witnesses to swear against me, but in vain.' He had twice asked to be tried by court martial ; and Tom M'Cord, tbe owner of the sloop, was included in tbe same warrant, but bad escaped to London. His vessel was seized and detained. The exile travelling about the continent took these disastrous events very philosophically. lie was sure that justice would presently ' rise from the troubled surf.' The Irish brother was at last enlarged, and, of course, after such an escape, returned a frantic loyalist. 'I have been here, 'he writes, 'three weeks, and can't bear almost to look out, on account of my meeting the villains of this place, for such a horrid set of hell-hounds never inhabited any country ; they were intent on nothing but blood and murder — tbe greatest savages ot Africa or America were civilisation itself compared to them. You cannot, nor did 1, conceive it possible, that man could be so ferocious. As it was, B. Harvey Keogh and J. C. were repeatedly in most imminent dan ger, and Keogh was taken out to be piked.' A little scene in Dublin. ' Last Monday I met Chas. Tottenham at Waddy'a door. I told him he was the greatest rascal in Ireland, but 1 knew he would not take the notice of it a gentleman ought ; he never made the slightest reply ; and on the Friday following I met him in the same place, and told him the same story, when he mustered up passion enough to call me a rascal. / told him lie should lixar from me, but he was resolved he should not, for he went to Judge Downs himself and gave information, and that evening I was taken into custody and brought before the judge, and bound in six thousand pouuds to keep the peace for thiee years.' This abortive attempt at a rencontre is amusing, but tbe ingenious mode of giving a challenge, because the other was goaded into using toe word 'rascal,' is highly character istic. Here is a sketch of the two maidser vanti: 'Eatty and Kitty are at lodgings. Mull is at present at Solmestown, but she is to go to Tintern. Sbe is iallen to drink again, and is not perfectly in her senses. Eatty and she cui't agree at all. Eatty takes the drop eometimeB herself, and then is rather saucy. The stle oi a borough in these pure dayB, and the terms of sale: — 'It is at length sold to Lord Usmore and Sir William Meadows — ac- ceptances for eight thousand pounds payable in ninety one days, and live thousand pounds payabfe with interest in one year.' We got glimpsis of all sorts of strauge arrangements, as ' Lird Lismore wants to sell the corpora tion of Enniscorthy. He asks five hundred pouuda, probably he wuuld take four hundred pounds It wm now tbe year 1806, so that the Lord of Tintern bids fair to become a regular foreigner. Nothing could draw him home wards,he was so absorhed in study and science. He wai once more a detenu, for the war had broken out, and he seemed to have grown to dislike the notion of returning. He was de voted lo Ub inventions. ' Such pursuits,' be wrote, when they were pressing him to become a candidate for his country, 'excite ndtlier envy tor gratitude,' which was Bumething in the shipe of an epigram, 'and to them 1 owe my present tranquuity.' For the silk manu facturers uf a town memorialised the govern ment, with the legal authorities of the place, that be should be allowed to reside on parole, an exception to the treatment of the other English, whom Napoleon treated with a scan dalous rigour. In return h« taught them the economy of pit coal, and its use in that part, wood being so scarce as to be Bold by the pound. He enjoyed himself so much and was so happy, tbat he protested his apothecary's . bill during three years was but ten shillings. The 'only canker' that disturbed him was tbe loss uf his dear relatives at home; and rather touchingly, and even poetically, he com plained how his friends ' are in turn, at differ ent hours of the night and day, present to my heartfelt rememberance, a new face or voice enchains the ideas of resemblance to one or other, and the momentary eve of a night's sleep transports me amongst you, and following dreams let me eniov the tnomentarv hanrjiness of your visionary society.' Still, when we think of his many years' absence, in a great degree voluntary, one is inclined to recal tbe rough cynic's answer, in BosweU, to tbe anxious father, who was mournfully bewailing the possible condition of bis son at school : 'Then why dou't you take a post- chaise and go to him!' At last, however, in the year 1814, and after the death, in a duel, of the faithful and affec tionate Irish brother who had so long managed his affairs, the exile returned to his native laud aud to bis estates, after an abBence of nearly thirty years. He was a thorough foreigner, and some said a perfect Ftench atheist. He had passed through a deal of privation, and had borne Borne imprisonment He was now re established, and in 1818 was married and re turned member fur bis county. The surprise of 'meeting after that long inter val approached the dramatic The great Irish brothers— one was about six feet three in height, rude, boisterous, noisy, trained in the wildest school of wild Irish manoora— were ready to burat with laughter at the strange Frenchified relation who had returned to them. A small, dandified, perhaps 'mincing' petit maftre, that read French poetry, and was powdered a la mode. They came on him with quite the shock of a cold-shower bath. He shrank, away from their noisy roysteriogs, which to him seemed 'low,' coarse, and even ap palliug, while they, with a good-natured con tempt, determined to make something 'like a man ' of him, teach him to drink to his tenth tumbler, like other Irish gentlemen, to tight duels, pass through roaring elections, and tbe other agremens ot Irish life. These well-meant attempts succeeded onlv partially, and their rough education an-l rude jokes seemed to have had the effect ouly of inspiring him wilh a last ing horror and a rooted dislike. The lady he selected for his wife was a woman of strong will and purpose, 'of a haughty, irritable, and violent Umper,' 'some- tunes approaching to phreusy,' ' jealous of the slightwt interference, disappointment, or con trol ;' in short, precisely the sort of ambitious heroine who ought to figure iu a will case. And here it may be noticed tbat a little considera tiou of will cases, and indeed causes of other description*, often discover an almost Sallns k'.. in ii.ojt unel|i.-t-teJ -|iiarters ; » itnehtc ai-ii letter- .*! itore fn-quni ly .lescril.inT fea tun s of human character and human incidents wi'h a graphic power and an uu«U'ectuil force of language that many a professional writer miplit envy. This heroine, then, who possessed great at tractions, it was insisted, laid herself out from the day of the marriage for the one aim of being mistress of Tintern Abbey during her husband's life, as well as after his death. The game was rather a difficult oue : there were innumerable relations to play againet — squireens, clergymen, all watching and eager. To the future heir ? a nephew — the had a special animosity ; and there were, of course, the usual schemes to reach the well-watched testator — ambuscades with the assumption that he was under intimi dation, and belore her, dare not exhibit his feelings. Such a situation, from its very un certainty, from the B]«culatii.n as to the con tents of the coming will, which, after all, their fond hopes led them to believe would be in their favour— a situation protracted through many long years— must be one painfully drama tic. But as time wore on, and he grew old, she took some measures of jealous precaution. He was not allowed to read one of hie letters with out her previous permission and, frequently perusal. Some she burned. She gave him her orders haughtily, and, it is said, used to strengthen her behests by such bold language as, 'By G— d it shall be done I' But this, and much more duly sworn to, may have been an invention on tbe side of the inflamed rela tions, driven frantic by what was impending. Her favourite theme to biro was a harsh dis paragement of their merits, 'frequently {bul falsely) stating to him that they were swindlers, drunkards, and blackguards, in order to lower them in his estimation,' the naivete of which inuendo is highly characteristic. It wan charged, too, that Bhe commenced her nefarious plot by setting her husband against his mother, a poor old lady of ninety-seven, who was ordered out of his house in Molesworth- street, where Bhe had long lived rent free, at the suggestion, it was bsiq, of her imperious daughter-in-law. At laBt, as the war grew hotter, Mrs. Co clough carried her husband away out of the country to Cheltenham. Boteler House, where they now lived, became a sort of genteel prison — no one was admitted without giving the coun tersign, as it were. ' She directed the avenue gateB to be locked,' B&id; the relations— a cus tom they might be reminded that obtains a good deal Servants were directed not to admit any one to see him withont summoning her. Some times sbe made him do the housemaid's work ; sometimes she sent him to tbe kitchen on menial errands, when he would address the servants there assembled in such a speech as this : *' My wife, Jane, desires me to count tbe pots and pans, sb you are all robbing us !' and, said the inflamed relations in a passionate pro test against such treatment of their dear fneud and patron, ' It would appear from his manner and expressions ou such occasions, that he acted as a mere instrument in the hands of a domi neering and tyrannical woman ; awed and used by her as she felt necessary, for accomplishing her design of totally depriving him of free agency of thought and independent action.' If the poor man gave an order, she countermanded it, tell ing them to do as she told them. Once more, 'her frequent and familiar expression' was, ' by GodT it shall be so, and by God it shan't be bo '—and be was seen trembling before he. A sympathising builder said he seemed 'as a child under a parent.' The instructions and ' general orders ' of those who managed the case are highly charac teristic, and give an idea of the strategy, by which great cases are carried. A gentleman with a 'J. P. 'and 'D.L.,' hanging like deco rations at the end of his name, was specially recommended to the judicious handling of coun sel. ' Mr. ? 's description of tbe complete subjugation of testator to the domineering will of hiB wife, m inimitable. His cowardice in ber presenoe cannot be expressed in its true HgJd, except by the production of Mr. ? on the witness table.' But they bewailed the fact that he was suffering from a ' personal and inconve nient complaint,' which would prevent his at tendance. Thin distinction of a 'personal com plaint' is rather good; and the writer may bave been, nearly related to another solicitor, who, when places of resort were being com pared, protested that, as to natural charms of scenery, ic, ' he gave his veto ' pronounced 'vaito'— 'for Switzerland.' This witness was able to report conversations dramatically, Anil (she JTrfman nf Tvin4a mnttf. Iibva 1im4 rrtmnf amusement reading over this old chronicle : - Mr. Coolough. My dear fellow, what can I dot My wife says she wont remain ; she will leave me, Mr. ? , It is not to be expected that she would remain io a rat-hole like tin's. You must build a proper house, and make it comfortable, and then she will remain. Mr. C. Why, my dear tiend, I told her I would expend ten tbonsand pounds on a house if she would consent to live with me in it j but sue would not on any terms. What am I to do? Mr. ? . Never mind that Build the house lint, make the house suitable, and, hav ing done your duty, you will know how to in sist quietly that your wife shall do hers. Mr. C. My motto is, ' Peace before Pros peritg.' At ibis point Mis. Gocloucb entered tbe room unexpectedly. The husband at once repeated the good advice he bad received. Mrs. C. Mr. ? f Mr. ? 1 what can my husband do by residing with bis tenantry? What good can he do I What good can he do? She went over this question many times. Mr. Coolough was then prudently withdrawing, when she turned on him. 'Mr Coclough! Mr. Coclough ! what good can you do ? — what can you do ?' &c.; Mr. Coclough made tbe next retort, that she might do good by letting him remain. But Mr. ? ? stated tbat ' be then withdrew as quickly as possible.' When Mr. ? was living in London as a bachelor, bis old friend often name to see him, but never was permitted to go up-etairs without bis wife. At last it came to the year 1842, when the testator began to fail, and there seemed a chance that all his wife's schemes— if schemes they were — were to be crowned with success. He was busy with bis chemicals aud experiments when he felt sick. On the 4th August the will maloniy ripjrun. np.rHn.ra t.h« m-vtt nninntt «utnM of these documents yet known. On that day it was settled that the wife Bhonld, have the hand some jointure of five tbonsand a year, while the estates were to go to his heir-at-law. This do cument was put by carelessly in an open ward robe. Then a doctor, acting, perhaps, in the interests of the future widow, suggested that Cheltenham mansion, Boteler House, might be advantageously bequeathed to her. And on the next day, August 4, will number two waB pre pared and duly signed, in which the alteration was made. Now came the most sudden change. Early the following morning the same solicitor was sent for. The night before, as the signature was affixed, it was remembered that he said to the solicitor that his wife was to have no more than ber annuity. Perhaps some of her allies reported this speech to ber ; however this was, some bold course of action, some prompt coup de-main, reversed alL The night before, the needy relations were secured a fine estate ; tbe next morning, when the solicitor returned, tbe testator walked into the room and announced that he had made up his mind to leave every thing to his wife. It was accordingly so done. Three weeks later be died. The lady kept strict gttara over nun lest a fourth will should come into existence, and though witnesses about bis bed heard him utter faint wishes that his 'own people ' were with him, the vigilant lady was at hand to interpret these sounds as some of his old French speeches, and 'as a request for his pocket- handkerchief.'' It was he who made a most dramatic sick-bed com plaint ' that it was dreadful when two burning pains meet' Finally, he gave up tbe ghost, aud the baffled relatives had to pass through that terrible interval of suspense between the death and the opening of the will It is far more intense and protracted than the time for tbe gambler between setting down his money, and the turning oi tbe card. Then they learned the worst, and we may suppose, bowing tbeir heads, uttered certain expressions, nut loud, but deep. The heir-at-law at first seemed to accept bis j condition. Meanwhile the triumphant lady entered on her hard-won property. In four years time she married again ; but within a month the new husband had to separate from her, owing, as her opponents were nngallant enough to iuforin the House of Lords in mixed legal and every-day vernacular, 'to the violent and ungovernable temper of the ru!.; the h^ij gentleman iu the 6ame manner as sbe had ruled and governed the said Cajsar Co cl'ninh' — an unhandsome and needless aggra vation, llie eame legal mind proceeds to re Jate bow ' an honourable hul verbal agreement' was entered into between the separated parties, that he was to be guaranteed from all liability iu any possible future litigation-=-a most cha racteristic 8|-ecimen of a solicitor-like view of things, as though in tbeir minds and experience, honour was not usually associated with any matters not in writiDg. And this theory was certainly fortified by their experience in this case, as they declared, that when her interest required it, the imperious lady tried to cast the whole responsibility on her separated husband. However, after so long an interval as ten years, the relatives, who had been ingeniously kept from legal proceedings by certain arrange ments of tbe estates, contrived by their clever enemy, determined to take die field. Long lists of counsel were enrolled ; all the heavy how itzers and mortars of tbe Irish and English bare, and the light flying artillery were called out. Then began the usual edifying expenditure of clients' money. The disastrous litigation commenced, and in Hilary Term, 18S2, the two great line-of-battle sbipB, heavily armed, and crowded with men, were successfully towed into the Irish Court of Chancery, and began tbe battle. The result of this first meeting was a putting off of the matter to another time, and to another tribunal, aud an ' issue was directed'* to a local jury. Some months further on, all was ready again, and down went the howitzers and the artillery, every gun having splendidly ' served out' to it handsome special fees, re* tainers, refreshers, and what not. The im perious lady was present during the whole trial, but quite disdained to appear, or to enter the witness-box. The jury found against her, that the last made will was not the ' last will,' and tbat it had been obtained by undue influence. This was no victory, but a mere repulse of tbe advanced guard, and notice was presently served ot an application for a new trial. It was set down for hearing, when the counsel were ' re tained' — but was directed to stand over— 'until the judge furnished his notes.' Meanwhile the vigilant relatives discovered that the lady's agents were hard at work, tam pering with their witnesses, 'endeavouring to persuade them tbat their former evidence was untrue, and urging them to confess tbe same, which they refused to do,' and regular affi davits were sworn to this effect. But at last, after motions, and no doubt consultations, the big vessels were again tugged into the Court oC Chancery, about a year after they bad been, towed out for ' the issue,' aud the Chancellor, having taken three months to brood over the matter, and ha»ing heard arguments for seven days, declared that the jury was right, and that he could not disturb their decision. Upon tbe next day the cause was further heard. An ap peal was of course had to the House of Lords, who, after due time, reverted the verdict, and ordered a new trial. Here was good news for the profession : new refreshers, consultations, &c.; Meanwhile tile untiring lady, exhausting every shape of strategy, had craftily instituted a little suit on English territory : an ejectment as to the house at Cheltenham. The object of this was by a side wind, as it were, to obtain the prestige oi a verdict from an English jury, and thus come over trium phantly, with drums beating and flags flying. Hitherto everything might seem to have gone weU'withher. She bad the authority of the highest tribunal io the land, and she had what certainly seemed a very good case, For what .was more natural, than that a man, who cor dially disliked all his relatives, who had fought a duel with one (after which they remained bitter foes— « duel being usually certain to re* contile even the most bitter Irish foes), who conceived that he had been badly and cruelly treated by them, should choose to leave his es tates to ibe woman whom ue had married for love, and who was latterly fais only friend and companion. To the English jury at Chelten- ' ham her case commended itself most reasonably, and it was noted that Lord Campbell, Who tried it, treated her with the most scrupulous polite ness, and even indulgence; It seemed a hard case : why should not the affectionate wife re ceive this testimonial of her husband's regard? Still there was one difficulty which seemed to press on tbe mind of the judge— the exclusion of the relatives. One of them, SarsSeld, bad made his way to the gate, imploring to be al lowed in. She explained this perfectly. This person had sent in a letter, *nich when read by . ;he dying man, had quite inflamed and excited lim, and he had determined not to admit him. Sbe actually had it there and produced it. Tbe other side made no appearance, and she of course obtained b-r verdict. But they bod taken the precaution to imve a short-hand writer, sitting in -a retired corner of the court, who was taking down every word ; and when the Irish counsel read what was thus reported about the letter they were* bewildered. She had made her case too symmetrical, and they did not forget tbat at the first trial it had been distinctly proved how Sarsfleld Ooclough came to the sate, had sent up his letter, and how it had been contemptuously sent out to him again, unopened, with threats. 'What could she have meant, or 'what letter was it? Whatever was the explanation, she had thus cured the weak portion of her case in the only part that seemed to support the charge of undue influence, and of keeping away his relations from fais hedaido. To solve this problem-keen, wits were set to work, nits of solicitors, brain and wisdom of tbe eloquent lawyer who is now the Chief Justice of Ireland. It was Boon ferreted out. The man who had been turned away from the gate, or his son, applied for as sistance to the new but temporary heir, asking for tbe modest sum of fifteen hundred pounds. The other protested it was out of his power, adding, reasonably enough, tbat hi» position was very uncertain; and tbat another trial might displace him. The other at once went over to the enemy, offering bis services, and also placing at her disposal all their papers. Here was the due. Among those papers she had found this returned and unopened letter, and had turned it to. the clever use described. With such a woman, too much care aud secrecy could not be observed. Not a whisper was breathed, and further investigations were made with a view to the struggle. Meanwhile, acting on the verdict of the Wex. ford jury, the Irish Chancellor bad vplaoed the heir-at-law in possession of tbe old abbey. It was now, indeed, a 'tat hole,' -fat tbe dry rot of Chancery had set. in. The intrepid widow, frustrated for the moment in her designs on the estate, had swept the house dear of every 'stick,' as the phrase goes, of furniture. The new comer had to patch here and there, fit npa room or two, and could at best but comfort himself Kith but a temporary tenancy. He bad excellent' ad viBers, skilful counsel, who were working hard ; bnt all felt that here was the UklHH --? ''ip' a-U U1D WSWOi A.UV ?fSiVTl *? I II llUai^ didited his relatives ; disliked the man whose very daughter wae now neir-atJaw, having fought a duel with him. What undue influence was there required to get him to leave away his estates from such persons? It was felt that viotory would be with ber: as the victory would assuredly have been, bnt for ber own over finesse, and a strange incident, that seems to belong to Mr. Harrison iinsworth. The temporary owner then, witb a heavy heart, was cheaply papering np a room or two, when a workman noticed a sort of half open panel, much in the shape of a slit of a letter-box. Into this he carelessly thrust his brush, to 'rack' out tbe duBt accumulation, just as painters are fond of doing. Out dropped a bundle of old papers, which the painter brushed aside, and later pointed out to a servant. The servant brought them to his master, who brought them to the solicitor in the cause, who all but shouted with delight as he showed them to his counsel. The lady *? casting away' every shck 01 lornuure, naa forgotten 10 searcn cms . precious receptacle. The solicitor hurried with these priceless papers to London, went to a nameless printer, had them printed, and jea lously hidden away, and when the counsel re ceived his brief, it was a surpise to find a clasp lock and key attached to the book. Meanwhile tbe new trial commenced down at Wexford. It was felt that, even with the great prejudices of the jury against the Udy, still her . case wae almost irresistible. Even if defeated by the Wexford jury, sbe would have Hie ' ' Lords' to go to ouce more. Her leading counsel again put her case lorward, re-stated the rea sonableness of her influence, and, above all, the unanswerable argument that this branch of the testator's house could bave no claim on him, simply because he detested them, and was never reconciled to them. This again, seemed -to set tle the case. The Udy herself was produced, ? -?? :t^r.:.- -Li- .TffiiM: =*?- — ?*? 