' NEWS BY THE MAIL. in We continue our extracts from our English files : A correspondent of the Alta California writes : -"On Monday the Duke and several of his officers dined with the King at Honolulu, and His Royal Highness expressed a wish to see a hula hula, and on Tuesday one was given by the Governor, attended by the King and Dowager Queen, but no white people, aside from the officers of the ship, and many half-caste ladies who were married to Europeans, were invited and their husbands left out The disgraceful and obscene hula hula dance being part of the programme, the Englishmen who hoisted their flag on the arrival of the Prince, lowered it with disgust. It is a lasting disgrace that an English ship of war, fitted in a most costly manner, commanded by an English Prince, should visit these Christianised lands, and the only question asked was to see the hula hula. The missionaries feel not a little hurt that a Prince from Christian England could treat them so' Mr. H. W. Bates, assistant secretary of the Royal Geographical Society, in a letter on the chance of Dr. Livingstone's safety, says that there is undoubtedly cause for some anxiety in the continued absence of news of Livingstone's arrival at Ujiji, at which place he was due, according to his own letters, some time in the beginning of 1869. If, however, Sir Roderick Murchison's hypothesis be true, that the traveller discovered (before arriving by water at Ujiji) a western outlet from the lake,, and was tempted to follow it downward, this silence would be explained. The subject will be considered by the council of the society when they assemble this autumn, and several able and experienced j men have already offered themselves to Sir Roderick Murchison to lead a search expedition to Cazembe. We may add that, according to a letter published by Colonel Churchill, of Zanzi- bar, on 11th April, 1868, in one of the Bombay papers, Dr. Livingstone arrived at Ujiji, on the shores of Lake Tanganyika, during October, 1867\. It is also stated that he made a complete circle of the Nyassa, and that no river of any magnitude had been crossed. The disconnection of the Nyassa and the Tanganyika would thus appear to be satisfactorily solved. A shocking occurrence took place at Bayswater early on Friday morning, Oct. 1st, by which IU ven lives were lost. The house, 09, Moscow road, was in the occupation of a Mr. Lethbridge, who was licensed to sell fireworks. Mrs. Jack, i a widow, and three children lodged in the house. A few minutes before 3 o'clock in the morning there was a loud explosion, and in a few seconds every room was on fire. A large quantity of fireworks was on the premises at tho time of the Explosion. Mrs. Jack, who inhabited the upper rooms of the house, on hearing the alarm raised by Mr. Tethoridge, rushed to the window of her apartment. She threw it up, but finding the flames beneath her, shut it down again and ran back into the room. She then fell, it is supposed, on horses, close to a chest of drawers that stood against the wall opposite the window. There she lay until the flooring gave way, when her logs fell through and were partially destroyed, her head and shoulders being pressed against one of the beams by a part of the roof that fell in. The upper part of the body was thus pro- served from the fire, but the bones of the foot and of the legs up to the knees were entirely consumed. Agnes Jack, the daughter, had rushed first from the front room in which she was sleeping to the back room, where the children of Tethoridge wore shrieking for help ; but finding no means of escape there, she returned, it is believed, with the intention of going to the front window. Whether she fell from suffoca- tion, or whether she ran against the bedstead, which she had a few minutes before occupied, it is impossible to say. She was found in a half standing position the chest being pressed, as it were, against the bedstead, and the head thrown back. The lower extremities, as in the case of her mother, were very much burned. The body of her brother, Stewart Jack, who had that very evening returned after a long absence in Australia, and who is described as being a highly intelligent, powerful man, of 28 years of age, was found on the door by the side of his bed with the face downwards and his legs drawn up and so strongly contracted that it was impossible to send them in placing the body in the shell. Mr. Totho ridge's children were found in their bed in a frightful condition, their limbs being charred almost to cinders. Mr. Tcthcridge was insured for £200 in the West of England Office. The manager, having heard that the unfortunate man had been advised to make his will, want the next day to the hospital to which he was taken after the fire and paid him the amount of his policy. The inquest was opened on October 4th before Dr. Lankester. The evidence was somewhat conflicting as to whether or not the fire was caused by the ignition of the fire works or coloured fire which were kept in the shop. With regard to a charge of delay in attendance which had been brought against the fire brigade The Premier stated that they were on the spot in eight minutes after the explosion, which they had heard, preparations for starting having been made before a messenger arrived. The fore- man of the jury, who resides in the neighbourhood, however, expressed a strong conviction that 10 minutes had elapsed before an engine made its appearance. The Coroner exonerated the firemen from any blame in the matter, and the inquiry was adjourned for a week. THE FRANKLIN EXPEDITION. The New York papers of 15th September contain the following :- San Francisco, 13th Septem- berry party, vouched for as reliable, writes to the Balkan. from Sun Buenaventura, that a document had been found on the beach at that place on 30th August, very badly mutilated. On the document was found a request for the Under to forward it to the Secretary of the Admiralty at London, or the British Consul at the nearest port, the request being printed in uncommercial languages on the mar gin. Every vacant portion was filled with writing relating to Sir John Franklin and his party. The document was evidently cast in the water in latitude 29deg. 30min. 42300., and longitude 93deg. 4min. Dsoe. It gives an account of the desert from the ships Erebus and Terror. The party numbered 105 at the time of the desertion, under the command of F. B. M. Grosser. They had succeeded in reaching the above latitude and longitude, where they had found relics of the late Sir John Ross. The document states that the party had wintered at Beechy Island in 1846 and 1847, and that Sir John Franklin had died on 11th June, 1847. It contains many interesting incidents connected with the expedition. Another account, published recently, fixes the latitude at 59', but this is evidently an error. It is not stated in what manner the document was washed upon the shore, whether in a bottle or hermetically sealed can, but it will probably prove to be an exact duplicate of the papers found by the party of Captain M'Clintock on the western extremity of King William's Island in May, 1869. The extraordinary part of the matter is that the document was tossed about by the waves for twenty-one years, that it must of necessity have been carried along that mysterious North West Passage about which so much has been written, and to establish which so many valuable lives have been thrown away, and that it was cast up on the strand of the Pacific Ocean, at a distance of more than eight thousand miles from the spot where it was committed to the sea. The incident of the bottle in l'Hounuo qui Rit, which enclosed the secret of Gwynplaino's noble birth and was buffeted about for more than twenty years by the unquiet waters of the Channel, loses its improbability by the light of this recent discovery. Dr. Hall, the Arctic explorer, arrived at New Bedford on 26th September, from Repulse Bay, after an absence of five years. He discovered the skeleton of several of Sir John Franklin's party at King William's Land, and he brings numerous relics of the Franklin expedition. THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. The curtain is about to rise upon that great Council of Rome which has long been casting its shadows before. Already, there is great preparation at Rome. The works of St. Peter have nearly reached their completion. Signor party's plans having been rejected, the device of Vcs pageant has been adopted instead. The Papal throne stands at the end of the transept, the altar of the Council in the centre, the stalls for the fathers being grouped around, no longer, alas ! in eleven, but, owing, probably, to urgent affairs in their respective dioceses, in seven rows. The whole space, instead of being closed by an apse at the Confession, will be shut in by a curtain, which can be drawn aside so that the assembled multitudes may, as time serves, , behold the grand scene. The stenographers chosen from the different nations, so that they may not stumble over any foreign-say British -Latin, are rapidly mastering their craft under one of the most experienced teachers. The seven commissions, presided over by a Cardinal, are pushing on their work, spite of heat, malaria, or due vacations. The Pope receives a daily report of their progress. A special commission, composed of high dignitaries, are appointed quartermasters, and Rome has to find lodgings for her guests at their bidding. Nay, the last general sermon is already weighing on the mind of Padre Luigi de Trento, the Archbishop of Iconum, the Apostolic Preacher of the Vatican. THE LAST OCOMENIOAIi COUNOIti.. When was it that the lastOcuraeuicalCouucil closed? It was the Council of Trent, con- voiced in the throes of the German Reformation, and it sat and rose and sat again from the 13th of December 1945, to the 4th of December 1893, and its decrees were confirmed by the Pope early in the following year. But at the beginning of it a sermon was preached in which it was likened to the East Council, wherein Christ and the Apostles would sit in judgment over the living and the dead. ' And the learned and pious have ever since considered this a prophetical sermon, inasmuch as between Trent and that supreme Synod there were to be no more Councils. They were wrong, but so was the whole work. No one would have dreamt of a like revival coming to pass before our eyes. Nay, there were those who doubted long after the preparations had commenced. THE ORIGIN OF THE COMING COUNCIL Perhaps our readers have forgotten the circumstances under which this Council was ushered into the world. It may be well to recapitulate. On the 8th of December 1864, the tenth anniversary of the ' dogmatic definition of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mother of God,' there appeared, together with an encyclical letter, the famous Syllabus, treating in ten chapters and 80 paragraphs of the principal errors of our time. On the 6th of June 187,7 questions, chiefly on church discipline (with regard to heretics, civil marriages, Se), were addressed in a circular letter to all the bishops. On the 26th of that same mouth, the Pope pronounced an allocation in the Secret Consistory, in the presence of 500 bishops, where in he made known to them his long cherished desire to summon a General Council, by means of which the Catholic Church would celebrate its highest triumph, convert her enemies, and carry the Kingdom of Christ all over the world. The bishops replied in an address that their hearts were filled with joy at this prospect of a General Council, which could not but become a source of unity, sanctity, and peace. The Pope received the address joyfully, and, in accordance with their wishes, placed the Council under the special patronage of her who had bruised the serpent's head, and promised that wherever it should be held it should be inaugurated on the anniversary of the proclamation of the Immaculate Concep- tion. On the 29th of June 1868, the Bull of the Induction of the Council was duly promulgated. This was followed, on the 8th day of September of the same year, by an Apostolic Letter addressed to all the Bishops of the Oriental rite not in communication with Rome, inviting them to be present at the Synod 'even as their ancestors had been present at the second Council of Lyons and that of Florence, where they were not allowed to vote, and had to sit apart. Abbate Testa was delegated to deliver these missives pet sonally to the schismatic bishops or patriarchs. Finally, on the 13th of September, that Apostolic Letter to all Protestants and other non-Catholics' was indicted, which exhorts them to embrace the opportunity of this Council' occasioned amplcctantur huns councils.) RECEPTION OF THE COUNCIL IN THE EAST. The effect upon the schismatic mind of the East WAS scarcely to be called encouraging. The Greek Patriarch would not look at the letter, though it was handsomely bound in red morocco and emblazoned with gold letters bearing his own name. He had read all about it in the newspapers, and did not see how the Council could do aught but lead to further strife. The peace once arrived at by the two Churches had long fallen to the ground. His mind was perfectly easy on the subject. And so the gorgeous volume was taken from the divan and handed back to the delegate, who was bowed out, and departed in peace. The Metropolitan of Chal codon returned the Encyclical, with the simple but graphic ' epistrephete,' which might be freely rendered ' Avaunt.' The bishop of Varna did not see how he could accept what his master had refused, and so he sent back the Encyclical. The Bishop of Salonica had no less than five reasons for his declining. to writes, What would li is Patriarch say ? 2, Why at Rome, why not in the East ? 3, Because the Pope wants to get us into his grasp ; 4, The Pope wears a sword, which is against Scripture ; let him put it down and disband his army ; 5, Let him give up the Filioque" and there will be no more disunion between Greeks and Latins - which last proposition, all things considered, is very delicious. Yet there were some exceptions, which the official Rotuau Press calls ' consoling,' One schismatic bishop returned the letter, yet with the promise that he would think about it for himself and another, the venerable Bishop of Trobe Loud, well stricken in years, seems to have been quite overcome, and received the Ojuuionical with the most profound tokens of reverence and admiration, pressed it to his forehead, then to his bosom, looked at it from all sides, for alas I he knew not the mystery of Latin characters, and exclaimed from time to time, ' Oh, Rome on, Rome ! oh, Holy Peter I of, Holy Peter 1' But, adds the official account quaintly enough, it was utterly impossible to get anything else out of him notably, whether he meant to come to this opinion or not. I ITS ÎIECBDÏIOX IN EUROPE. The effect in Europe we have witnessed. That Catholic Power which indeed is of the most vital importance in the matter-Franco-has declared,- through M. Baropho, Minister of Justice and Worship, before the Legislative Assembly, in July 1869, that the Government would place no obstacles in the way of the meeting. It did not know about sending representatives. It did not care for the omission of a personal invitation to the Emporer. Church and State should not be separated ; but it repudiated the Syllabus, and prohibited its promulgation from the pulpit. It would not admit the infallibility of the Pope. It would take its stand upon the Concordat and the Organic Articles-that arsenal of anti-Roman weapons which forbids the publication even of any Papal emanation without the previous authorization of the Government. In the interval, Austria the Austria of the Hapsburgs still-has torn her Con- cord at to pieces and has punished prioBts. Spain, that other darling daughter of Rome, has proclaimed, in the first hour almost of its re generation, liberty of conscience to Bavaria, the Government has asked the Universities whether the Syllabus was likely to interfere with the rights and prerogatives of the State, The Theological Faculty of Munich has answered within the last few days. Wilrzburg takes further time. Phrase it as cautiously as they will, the Professors cannot help declining that the Syllabu8,whothor accepted 'mule et litre' or I ' tiutfcriaKtoV negatively or positively, in the reduction of Pater Schroder wim has already undertaken the labour of transforming the nega- tive Syllabus into a kind of dogmatic Magna Charta or not, it must eventually occasion some not unimportant changes in the relation between Church and State. And that State and Government of Bavaria knows enough now, and they have done the civil thing too. i:«QUAM,K I-nOOKAMMlä. And amid all these signs and tokens the 8th of December approaches rapidly. We may, perhaps, give the probable programme of the beginning of theporformanco,aBwe may gather it from previous similar occasions, notably Trent. First of all, all Christendom will solemnly be called upon for its prayers OU4NU»U of the Synod, Jjlejt, one or several days' fast will be proclaimed. On the day fixed, the 8th of December, the Assembly will walk in solemn procession to St. Peter's, where, on this occasion, the Papal throne will be erected at the end of the transept, and the altar of the Council in the centre, the stalls for the Fathers being grouped around it The Pope or his Legate will then celebrate High Mass, and in the prayers the Holy Ghost will be specially invoked. To all present a full remission of their sins will next be announced, and blessings will be invoked both on the Pope and the As- sembly, the Pope chanting thrice, ' Ut bane sanctum Synodum ot omnes grades ecclesiastics benedicts et regard diggers.' After this, the President the Pope or his Logafo - puts the question, ' Does it please you to the honour and glory of the holy and undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, to the increase and augmentation of the faith and the Christian religion, to the extermination of heresy, the peace and unity of the Church, the improvement of the clergy and the Christian people, to the suppression and ex- tinction of the enemies of the Christian name, to resolve and to declare that this Council do commence and have commenced V The Place having been given, the next meeting being fixed, the Ambrosian hymn of praise is sung, and the assembly disperses. And what next ? Profound mystery shrouds the proceedings. And yet, perhaps, (says The Times) we may tell our readers in secret what we have learnt on very good authority. Three things will be done at the Council, which is not to last more than three weeks altogether. The three things will be the declaration of the infallibility of the Pope, which is to be proposed at the beginning of the meetings by an English prelate ; the dogmatized Syllabus will be made law and further, the dogma of the Assumption of the Virgin, derived from two apocryphal writings of the 5th century, will be proclaimed. FOBT-AUGUSTUS-ALLEGED OUT BAGE BY A ROMAN CATHOLIC PRIEST. For the last ten days there has been some excitement and abundance of rumours relating to meetings between the Rev. John Macdonald and Captain Ewen Ross in Fort-Augustus. The accounts were so contradictory, that we despatched our reporter to the spot, and he has drawn up a long narrative. Captain Ross, we may mention, is one of the few remaining heroes of Waterloo. He is between eighty and ninety years of age, but until very lately he looked twenty years younger, and had all the vivacity and smartness of a Highlander of the old stamp. On the 3rd instant, Captain Ross was confined to bed apparently suffering from a mortal illness. He had been on terms of intimacy with the Rev. Mr. Macdonald, the Roman Catholic clergyman, and Mrs. Ross asked her husband if she would send for the priest, that he might have a crack with him about Lochaber, of which district both were natives. He consented, and Mr. Macdonald came, but not until the 4th. As he sat by the bedside, Capt. Ross, in an excited manner, exclaimed, I wish to become a Roman Catholic !' Mrs. Ross said this was nonsense, and foreign to all he had ever said or done before. The priest, however, replied that he was confident the Captain had been a Catholic at heart for at least four years and he wished Mrs. Ross to leave the room until her husband should confess. This she refused, and Mr. Macdonald then asked permission to baptise Captain Ross, which was also refused. The Captain, she said, had been baptised already, and she would decidedly object to any of the rites of the Roman Catholic Church being administered. Mr. MacDonald however, requested the Captain to repeat the prayer to the Virgin, ' Holy Mary, mother of Jesus, help me I after which he took a confess ? local ribbon out of his pocket, which the Captain kissed. The priest than asked Mrs. I loss for liberty to repeat some prayers which were similar to those used in the Church of England. This was allowed, and after the prayers had been delivered, Captain Ross, whose mind was evidently wondering, cried out, Mr. Macdonald ; I was in the brace of Lochaborthis morning; I met Cameron, and I had to run for my life or else he would have killed me,' by. Mr. Macdonald next desired the Captain to repeat some prayers, which he did partially. In conclusion, Mrs. Ross said that if her husband was in the same state of mind that day week, she would not oppose his changing his religion, and in the meantime she would write to his friends as to what had taken place, and any replies she received from them she would be road to Captain Ross in presence of witnesses, after which he could decide for himself. As the priest was leaving the room, Captain ROsS exclaimed 'I have murdered that man I' Mr. Macdonald requested leave to repeat his visit, and Mrs. Ross said he might call next day at one o'clock, in the interval, the Rev. Mr. Gair, Invormoristoii, was requested to attend that he might be present at the same time. Mr. Gair arrived at Fort Augustus by the steamer at eleven o'clock, and this being observed by the priest, the latter hurried up to Captain Ross's house and entered the room of the invalid. Mrs. Ross remonstrated and reminded the priest that it was at one o'clock she requested him to attend. He withdrew and returned at one o'clock. Mr. Gair was also present, and Mr. Macdonald acknowledged that at the date of his visit the Captain was not in a sound state of mind. On the 9th, Mrs. Ross wrote to Mr. Macdonald, requesting him to discontinue his visits, AS the Captain had really no wish to embrace the doctrines of the Romish Church. He, however, did call on Monday, the 13th, when some altercation took place. Mr. Macdonald left, but between eight and nine o'clock the same evening he returned and entered the room, without the usual ceremony of knocking at the door, accompanied by R. Macpherson, gamekeeper at Glencoe, and a pensioner named Maolellau. Mrs. Rosa struggled to prevent the priest approaching her husband's bedside, and succeeded, upon which, Mr. Macdonald called to Macpherson to come to his help, and the latter seized on Mrs. Ross's hands and hold them to- land her back. The noise brought a few neighbours to the scene, and a man named George Shaw, in endeavouring to relieve Mrs. Ross, was in turn attacked by Maclellan, and somewhat roughly used. Shaw's wife, however, came to the reasons. Another witness, Mr. John Fraser, Kiltray, then entered, and heard the priest ask Captain Ross if he wished to become a member of the Catholic Church, but the poor invalid was in such a state of debility that he could return no answer. By this time Mrs. Ross's hands were relieved, and she instantly, Uko Bailie Nicol Jarvie, seized upon the poker, and thus armed, ordered the three men on peril of their lives to quit the room ! The measure was official, the men departed, Mrs. Ross following them outside and hurling the poker after them, if taken at once of defiance and victory ! It is stated that Mr. Macdonald has lodged a complaint against Mrs. Ross, and that an investigation will be made into the circumstances of the case. A friend of the priest gives the following account of the scene on the 13th, and the previous meeting : Mrs Ross asked Mr. Macdonald if he would like to see Mr. Gair, and he said that he had no objection. Mr. Gair was then taken into the parlour where Mr. Macdonald was waiting, and told by Mrs Ross that the Captain, of his own accord, wished to become a Catholic. Mr. Macdonald then asked to see the Captain in presence of Mrs. Ross and the Rev. Mr. Oak, buttons refused, and had to go away. Mrs. Ross wrote to Mr. Macdonald not to return to the bo use ; meanwhile, he was informed from other sources that the captain was wondering why he was not calling according to promise, and urging on those who surrounded him to send for the priest. In those circumstances, Mr. Macdonald considered it his imperative duty to take an oltbrttosco and comply with the wish of the dying man. Accordingly, on the 13th instant, he went to the captain's house, accompanied by two men to act as witnesses, and to preserve him from injury if attacked in the discharge of his duty. He and the two men entered the room quietly, and he approached the captain's bedside. The moment Mrs. Ross saw him, she made a violent personal attack upon him, and would have injured him if one of the man who accompanied Mr. Macdonald had not hold her back ; she freely mod a poker. She then called upon the man whom she had as a guard in the house to eject Mr. Macdonald forcibly, as they did. Inverness Courier. 