RICHMOND RIVER MAILS, PER STEAMER WAIMEA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE EXAMINER. Sir,-Referring to a report of a public meeting, con- tained in your issue of the 21st December instant, and held at Woodburn on the 8th December instant, respecting the discontinuance " of the mails by the steamer Waimea, for Casino and Woodburn," I beg to supplement the statements given therein, with the following particulars. 1\. Every mail hitherto forwarded from Sydney for Casino, and for other places requiring to pass through Casino, has been delayed thereby from four (4) to ten (10) days each mail longer than they would have been had they been sent by the usual route, via Lawrence. 2\. The residents of Casino, and others requiring their Correspondence to pass through Casino, held a public meeting in the Court House, on the 8th of November last, for the purpose of protesting against this unwarrantable and unnecessary delay of their mails ; and,for the purpose of devising proper means for terminating this state of things, by having the mails for Casino, and those mails requiring to pass through Casino, confined to the usual route. 3\. At the request of the meeting then assembled, the matter was explained by letter to the secretary of the General Post Office, Sydney, by Mr. C. H. Fawcett, P.M., who also endorsed copies of resolutions passed by the meeting, and was further reported upon by myself, from entries made in the office books. 4\. In the letters referred to, all mail for post offices lower down the river, were expressly exempt from any participation in the matters of complaint, and a further clause was inserted stating the the complainants par- ticularly desired, that it be distinctly understood, that they in no way desired to interfere or alter any arrange- ments that might have been thought expedient or necessary for the conveyance of the mails - as to route or otherwise \- to any of the offices on the lower part of the river. 5\. The "people at Casino" never did "recommend the stopping of the Woodburn mails by the steamer Waimea," or anything else that could possibly be construed into anything of the kind. Further, if I may be allowed to give an opinion on the matter, the "people of Casino," have no ambition to possess " any authority to stop the conveyance of the Woodburn mails by the steamer Waimea" or any other route they may fancy, honorable and important as such , authority may appear to be to our Woodburn friends ; but I am very much mistaken, if the "people at Casino" have any desire, with reference to the mails for Woodburn so strong as that getting rid of them altogether, and leaving the parties concerned to make their own representation and complaints. Judging from the character of the many communications inserted in your journal from am friends at Woodburn ? -some of whom affectionately describe us as " giving the last kick before giving up the ghost," etc., etc.,- ".. they are quite competent to manage anything in the way of grandiloquent and declamatory complaints, without any feeble assistance from the unlucky inhabitants of Casino or anybody else. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. JAMES STOCKS. Casino, 23rd December, 1869. 