AQUATICS. (From (he Sydney Mail.) vj B continuo our extract« frota tho Homo jaurnats, with tho following correspondence on tho Anglo-Auiorican yacht races: ,,T ,. "Now York, Fob. 5, 1869. T V wmplmnco with tho resolutions horoin contained, I havo tho honour to forward to your address tho onolosod extraot front tho minutes of tho proceedings of tho Now York Yacht Club, had nt their first gonoralmooting boldon February 4 th intt. " Any rcsponsiv* communication you may bo pleased to inako, addressed to tho commodoro or soorotary of tho club, will bo promptly submitted to tho committco appointed to lako action in tho promises,-Very respectfully, "HAMILTON MOUTON, Soorotary N. Y. Yacht Club, " 41, WaU-stroot, Now York. " James Ashbury, Esq." Extract from tho Minutes of tho Trocoodings of tho N. Y. Yacht Club, at their First Genoral Mooting on Fob. ruary4, 1869: " Tho communication of Ibo ownor of tho yacht Cambria lo tho commodore of tho club being presented and road, it was, after duo consideration, "Resolved-That tho club, in thoir corporate capacity, can only at tho present timo tako cognisance of and re- spond to that portion of said communication having re- ference to tho 'prizo' or ' Challongo Cup ' won by tho yacht America, and now in their possession. " Resolved-That tho tenure or csnditions upon which they accepted and now hold tho said 'Challongo Cup' would only authoriso thom to accept a challongo for its futuro possession coming from an ' organisod yacht club ' of any foreign country through any ono or moro of its members, and not from any member of such club in his individual capacity. "Resolved-That tho club aro prepared to accopt tho challengo of Mr. Ashbury, tho owner of tho yacht Cambria, to a contest in American waters for tho future possossion of tho ' Challengo ' or ' Queen's Cup,' as denominated by him, whenover said challenge is sanctioned or adopted by any ' foreign organised yacht club of whioh ho is a member, ' with tho full assurance that all tho minor details incipont to tho contest can bo arranged by mutual consent ; but if not so arranged, they aro still prepared to sail tho Cambria upon tho alternative terms and conditions expressed and stipulated by tho formor ownors and donors of tho * Cup ' to tho club, as sot forth in tho ciroular forwarded by tho secretary to tho addrcsB of Mr. Ashbury. " Resolved-That a committee of threo yuchtamon, members of tho olub, bo appointed to tho ohair.to receive and act upon any communication in this connection re- ceived from Mr. Ashbury, tho owner of tho Cambria, and report such action to tho club for their approval ; and that tho secretary bo instructed to send te Mr. Ashbury, the. owner of the yacht Cambria, a certiflod copy of theso ro solutions. "A true extraot from tho minutes. " HAMILTON MORTON, Secretary, N. Y.Y.C. "41, Wall-street, Jauncey-court, N.Y., U.S.A." "6, Eastorn-tcrrooo, Brighton, Feb. 24,1869. " Sir,-I have tho ploasura and tho honour to acknow- ledge tho receipt of your lotter of the 5th Februiry, in- closing sealed resolutions of tho Now York Yacht Club, at their first general meeting on tho 4th inst., in connection with tho friondly challenge sont by mo on tho 3rd Octobor, 186S, wherein I challenged all America for a race from the Isle of Wight to New York, and afterwards round Long Island, Now York, for tho possession of tho cup won in our waters by the America in 1851. In reply, I bec; to inform you that I will in duo time comply with your re- solution by obtaining from ono of tho sovorol royal yacht clubs to which I belong its consont tor my vessol" to sail a» its representative vessel for tho challonço cup in question. My only knowledge of tho Dauntless is derived from tho figures and tonnage against her name in your Yacht Club book for 1868, as compared with tho figures and tonnage appearing in tho samo book against tho Sappho, with which 1 am acquainted from a superficial view of her huido and out when she wag at Cowes last year ; and I am thoroby led to arrivo at tho conclusion that tho Dauntless if measured by tho Royal Thanios Yacht Club rulo-a ruis universally adopted in this country for match sailing would bo shown to bo noarly doublo tho sixo of tho Cambria, and thoroforo no fair competitor in an oooin race. I sholl esteem it a favour if you will onablo mo to set at rest all doubt on the question, by sending mo as oarly as possible your rule for tonnago measurement workod out as applied to the Sappho ana tho Dauntless, which will supply me with the dimensions of those vossola ; and I shall further bo glad to know their registered tonnage by the national rule, which I havo reason to boliovo ia similar to our own, as set forth in tho Merchant Shipping Act of 1854, sections 20 and 21. When I rocoivo from you those particulars I will lay all tho facts before tho sailing com- mittee of ono of our loading yacht clubs, and call upon them to aid mo in discussing and considering, in a final m-tnnor, as . to whether our system of measurement is unfair as ap- plied to American build of-yachts, and if so you moy rest assured I shall bo quito willing to accopt any modification in tho measurement whioh tho committeo may think fair and equitablo botweon tho two olasses of vossols, built on modelB so diametrically opposed to each other. I send by this mail tho rule for measurement of yachts adopted in thia country ; a certificate from tho moosures of tho Royal Thames Yacht Club, showing tho Cambria to bo 188 tons ; and also tho rule for our national registered tonnage con- tained in tho Merchant Shipping Act of 1854.-I remain, sir, yours truly, "JAMES Asinium*." " Hamilton Morton, Esq., Secretary, Now York Yacht Club." "Union Club, Now York, February 20,1869. «"Dear Sir,-1 am in recoipt of your lotter of tho 1st instant. "Tho courses whioh you propose for our contemplated match are hardly such as I had reference to in my lettor, as best calculated to test tho comparative sea- going qualities of our vessels. My desire is to sail over a cours3 entirely outside of the English Channel, suoh as to tho coast of Spain, or to the Azores and back. If not convenient for you to bo absent on so long a race, I should be perfootly satisfied with a coureo from tho west coast of Ireland, starting Eny from tho mouth of tho river Shannon, and sailing fifty or sixty miles out and back. "When wo nieot, however, I havo no doubt that an arrangement satisfactory to both can bo made, " Referring to tho paragraph in your lotter, in which you state that the Cambria is only 188 tons to tho Sappho's 381, Thames measurement, I would remark that" that system of measurement, being arbitrary and specially adapted to tho English yacht model, is totally unfair when applied to the comparatively shallow and broad-beamed American vessel. " Bj; the New York Yacht Club measurement tho Cambria measures 237 tons to tho Sappho's 274, making a difference of 37 tons only, instead bf 193 as by Thames measurement. " I remain, dear Sir, yours truly, " WILLIAM DOUGLAS. " James Ashbury, Esq., 6, Easlern-lerraco, Brighton." " 6, Eastern-terrace, Brighton, March 8, 1869. " Donr Sir,-I am this day favoured with yours of Februnrv 20tb,wheroin you say my proposals of tho lBt ultimo did not quite meet your views or expectations. "For a long Atlantic or ocoan race tho same objections I mado to tho Dauntless aro equally applieablo to thq Sappho ; still at the samo time it would afford rae much pleasure to sail your vessol a longer race if I could find I can conveniently do so. If possible, I intend, between tho Thames and IBIO of Wight matches, to sail to Cork or Dublin, or both, for racing purposos, in which caso you would doubtless Bail suck a courso with me. " As regards tho measurement question, if you read The Field and Bell's Life regularly, you will havo noted that this subject is hoing thoroughly ventilated ; and as aoon as I rccoivo tho necessary information from tho N. Y. Y. Club on this matter, I will formally call upon tho sailing committeo of tho R. T. Y. C. to discuss tho equity of our measurement. Their reply- will bo submitted , by mo to the Yachting Congress, and whstovor mode of measurement they fix upon will bo satisfactory to mo, as I am fully aware that tho time lins arrived when this vexed question should bo fairly and dis passionately considered as botween the two couniries. I romain, door Sir, faithfully yours, " JAMES ASHBURY. " William Douglas', Esq., Union Club, New York." The New York Spirit of the lonies thus comments on tho correspondenco:-'-Wo regret to state that there oxists hero a strong opinion that Mr. Ashbury has not acted quito fairly in his proposal for an ocean match, and in tho terms of his nccoptanco of tho offer of Mr. Douglas, for a new match botweon tho Sapphs and Cambria. This opinion wo do not share, »nd wo boliovo that it does Mr. Ashbury great injustice. His proposal for an ocean race is opon to one objection only, which is his atipulation that tho Thames measurement scalo is to bo tho standard of tonnage, and tbat the American competing yacht is not to exceod uy moro than ten per cent, tho tonnago of the Cambria, esti- mated by tho measurement of thc Thames Club. This con- dition, unfortunately, rules out tho Dauntless, tho only American yacht whoso ownor was prepared to accopt tho challenge, and tho yacht which we all wished to sea stand forth as the representative yacht of tho New York Club ina long ocean race. Tho restriction imposed by Mr. Ashbury is rendered moro vexatious by tho fact that, moasurod by a displacement tonnage, tho Dauntless is so noarly tho size of tho Cambria, aa to to in evory way a fair compotitor for tho ^Pglfcb r«K¡M, T|»Ç Pau^Uossbel9ngj_ti)t|ioni98tciltoi;« pn'finp; find spirited yaohlsman in America, mid it id lin gdieial wish of our citizens that Commodore Beniiott should bo ul tho foro wheu tho reputation of our yaoht-buiHors aud ynchUuien aro at stako, itt au interaational trial of skill, seamanship, and yacht construction. Wo sincoroly regrot tho condition which iutcrfoves with Commodore Bennett's wishes, and, as wo boliovo, with his success; and wo have always boliovcd that Mr. Ashbury will waivo that condition, and con- tent to match tho Cambria against tho Dauntless. Ho is evidently a mun who will 1'nirly consider tho objeotions which aro made against tho Thames measurement, und amend his offer by ogrcoingto a moro equitable scale. That Commodore Bennett should chafe a littlo under tho threat- ened disappointment is very natural. To a "yachtsman of bis established gallantry, who would accept without hesita- tion a challcngo from an English yacht twico as big as the Dauntless for a race neroBS tho Atlantic, tho objections of Mr. Ashbury may look over-cautious and oxacting. Wo must say that wo oro not disposed to oamplain of tho hesi- tancy of Mr. Ashbury to oncountor tho yaoht of Commodore Bennett with, ns ho thinks, tho odds of BÎKO against him, in addition to tho odds which, as all will concodo, would ba in favour of any yacht commanded by tho vioo-commodoro of tho New York Club. The conditions namod for tho Sap- pho and Cambria match aro very fair, as far as wo can judgofrom tho data boforo us. Mr. Douglas proposod a route longor than tho conrso around tho lalo of Wight, but bo did not etipulato for any long race at sea. Mr. Ashbury named a courso from Cowes around Eddystone, thence to Cherbourg, and back to Cowes-as longhand good a courso as can bo soloctod in tho British Channel, and longor than tho courses usually sailed oror by tho yachts of tho Now York Club in thoir regattas and matches. If tho Sappho and Cambria round Bddyatono in a strong south gale, thoy will find onough sea to tost thoir Sowors, and quito enough to satisfy tho most aspiring oin idato for ' a lifo on the ocean wavo.' Mr. Ashbury hos beensovoroly criticised for calling a raco.in tho British Channel an ocean race. Wo haTO no ovidenco that ho did or does stylo it an ocean raco. Tho telegram advising bia acceptonco contained tho term ocoan ; but Mri Ashbury did not send tho telegram, and probably did not know thiit it was sent. 1 ho obnoxious word was no doubt inserted by tho correspondent of tho Associated Press, who porbaps had nt tho moment a lively recollection of a rough pwsago across tho Chnnnol, and a conf usod notion that if a r.ico down and twico across tho Channol was not an ocean race, it was somothing very like ono. In offering to raco tho Sappho-a larger yacht than tho Dauntless-whilo re fuBing_ to raco with tho Dauntless across tho Atlantic, there is nothing unfair, unmanly, or unseamanliko. Af tor tho raco of last,year, and his reply to tho- socond challenge of Captain Baldwin, whioh was to tho effect that ho would sail a longor raco with tho Sappho but for tho circumstance of his hoing already behind his propoBCd timo of doporturo from England, Mr. Ashbury could not rofuse to raco tho Sappho next summer «hen challenged to do so by Mr. Douglas. Had ho dono so, ho would have put himself entirely in tho wrong, and bia refusal would have boen severely condemned in this country. Wo earnestly desiro to seo all tho proposed racos como off, and pre-eminently wish for tho ocean match botween tho Dauntless and Cambria. Wo boliovo that tho policy which is most likely to remove tba difficulties that aro in tho way of tho race is fair, candid, and good tempered discussion of all tho points in dispute. We beliovo that Mr. Ashbury desire» to aot with porfoct equity and good faith, and that the moment ho is convinced that ho has taken up a wrong position on tho conditions of measurement ho will withdraw his objections to tho Daunt- less." Respecting tho American modo of yacht measurement, tho I'icld furniêhes tho following particulars; Longth : Taken inside on tonnage dock; (in all vessels under three docks the upper deck is the tonnage deck ; in all othor vessels tho second deck from below) from insido of plank at stem to inside of midship stern timber or plank : thora (as tho case may bo) ; tho length so taken, allowing : for rako of bow in thickness of the deck, and for tho rako of stern in tho IhickncBs ef tho deck and one-third of rouni ofboom,isto bo divided into tho proscribed number of oqual parts (which determines tho stations of tho oreas) accord- ing to tho longth, os followa : ClaBs 1. Length of fiO ft. and under into 4 equal parts. " 2. " abovo 60 ft. to 120 ft. " G " " 3. " " 120 ft. to 180 ft. " 8 " " 4. v " " 180 ft. ts 225 ft. " 10 " ,1 5. ,, " 225 ft, and upwards 12 " Areas: Area No. 1 ¡sat tho extremo limit of tho bow. Area No. 2 at tho first point of tho division of tho length. Tho rest aro numbered in succession, tho last baing at tho I extremo limit of the stern. Depths : Taken at each-point of division of tho length or station of each area, from tho undor sido of tonnage , dock to coiling at inner odgo of limber stroke, deducting therofrom one-third of round of boam ; tho depths so taken ' aro to bo divided into four equal parts if midship depth should not exceed 10 feet, otherwise into six equal parts. Breadths : Taken at each point of tho division of tho depths, and also at the upper and lower points of the depths ; and thus tho cubic contents aro found. . Mr. Strong, a regular correspondent of tho Field, who has from time to time called attention to tho erroneous modes of measurement now used by various English olubs offers a substitute. Ho says: " My plan is simply based on the length of tho water line, tho extremo draught of water, and the extreme boam. Those I would multiply into oach other, and divido tho sum by 36, multiplied by somo figure, say 6, which would fairly represent tho avorago loss iu ¡ shoping tho bottom of a fast VCSBCI out of tho tolid block, Supposing that wo taite areal living boat as an oxamplo of tho working of my rulo-my own Flying Fish, of 12 tons within a very few ninety-fourths. " Her dimensions aro theso : waterline, 35 feet Si inches ; beam, 9 feet ; draught, 0 feet 0 inches ; the sum of which would bo 2088 and a fraction-say 2089 cubio feet. Now 35 cubic feet of salt water go to a ton ; if then wo divido this sum by 35, wo shall havo her exact displacement, on tho supposition that she was like a box, and had lost nothing of tho solid rectangular figuro whioh is tho bnBis of our calculation. But, this would amount to 60 24.35 tons, or near GO tons, and this, minus tho weight of herself and her fittings, she would actually carry. Bnt tho case, as is well known, is far otherwiso; wo aro dealing with a boat of about 12 tons, and havo mado her GO. Wo niUBt divido once moro, then, by somo figuro which wo may think fairly represents tho portion that is taken off to form on nverago vessel, and allow for cutting keel, entronco, run, floor, and drag, out of the solid blook; and this is tho only port of tho calculation which is in tho least arbitrary. Opinions may vary as to tba amount. Somo may soy that three- fourths, or seven-ninth», or four fifths is usually lost. But it does not matter, further than that it would bo desirable to bring vessels to somothing Uko thoir present rating. If we took nothing off, tho proportion oetweon one boat and another would bo tho samo, though nil. would bo necessarily muoh exaggerated. Suppose wo say, then, that Uro Bhould bo the next division ; this would at once reduce my boat to a littlo under 12 tons-her present measurement. But of course wo Bhould not adopt Buch a method ; our plan would be to multiply 35 by 5=175, and use that as a division in all casos. Thus, 2089 divided by 175=11 tons 1G4-I76ths, or ns nearly as possible tho tonnage of an overage 12-ton racing boat of tho present day. My imprest ion is, I confess, that 5 is too high a num- ber-that, in fact, all our present class of racing boats aro larger than they ought to bo for thoir tonnage ; but, as I remarked before, that docs not much matter. If wo thought proper, wo could chooso somothing between 4 and 5, or between 140 and 175 ; and if it was left to mo, I think my division should bo about 160, which would giv tho1 tonnage of my ' boat 13 tons 9-160ths. Tho reason of tho wholo proceeding would still bo quito clear, and wo should have no difficulty in understanding tho meaning of dividing by a figure made up of 35 multiplied by whatover number wo may think best repre- sented tho averago loss of vessels by reducing them from the imaginary rectangular solid figure out of whioh they are constructed to their present form." " Merchant Skipper," another regular correspondent of tile somo journal, givcB his opinion on tho Cambria and DauntlcES dispute in tho following terms :- . " Last woek I began a letter in answor to H. L., in which I stated that 1 believed if the Cambria and Dauntless wero mcasrurod for displacement, there would not be much difference betweon them. Unfortunately, I burnt it, as I expected only to hs laughed at, os I had not the power to provo it ; but tho letters of McBsrs. Haswell and Strong have now so completely confirmod my views that I am tempted to write again. I wish H. L. to understand that I have all along contorded that tho Cambria has a fair ebonee with tho Dauntless from my own experience. I WOB master of a schooner much aftor the style of the Americans. Sho showod an enormous dock, with a very shallow bold. Sho was closo on 300 tons B.M., 128 regis- ter, and would carry 203 (ons D.W. I found her remark- ably faßt, but not particularly weatherly-a beautiful sea boat when hovo-to. When. blowing hard, sho would go through tho wator at a glorious paco ; but sho mado such bad weather of it, that it was impossible to koop soil on her for any longth of (imo. When I took charge of her, she had lost throo bow- sprits in about two years, besides other damage. I made great alterations in her, and improved ber soa-going qualities, but still she was no moro than a matoa fer schooners that would carry as much, and wero not abovo 180 tons B.M. " Directly I saw tho Sappho, I felt suro sho could not beat our largo schooners, unless sho had a froa wind the greater part of her courso. By tho extract from Wilkes' Spirit, I gather that the New Yorkers ref uso to sail under our club measurements, and I think they aro quito right, as they would not have a ghost of a chanco by Thames Club rules. I should liko to toko ono of our 50-ton cutters over there and sail against them on that lay ; I guess I would win a few matches. You can judgo roughly of a vissol's power by tho canvas she spreads. How much moro doos tho Sappho show than the Cambria ? I doubt if BOO spreads as much ; and if she was absolutely double the size of tho Cambria, sho would bo jury-rigged. I fancy sho has as much as is comfortable for her." Mr. Ewing, owner of tho Condor, has addressed tho fol- lowing letter to tho Tall Mall Gazette, on tho subjoot of handicapping yachts : .?Sir,-Tho owner of tho Cambria, BB champion of all Eugland, has challenged American yaohts to a trial of strength this season, and by tho newspapers of recent dato I seo that tho Sappho is again preparing for the contest. This yoar I hope that all regulations will bo on tho prin- ciple of 'Lot tho best vessel win." The now yaohting community may not bo aware (hat at présent this is not tho caso, but that vessels aro hondioappod according to rig; for oxamplo ia tho raoo with tho I American schooner Sappho round tho-Wight last year, 1 tU« CttttCt CoRfJor, of I?? iwK wfts, çallwl unoa. to allow thal far-futntd siihooner'y'aciit ftunbri.i, of 180 tens, eleven minutes sturt. It is Imo that tho Cambria wen without thia allowance, but that only shows moro strongly tho unfairness ot' tho handicapping, which was originated ninny years ago when aehooner-yaoats woro very inferior in build lo what they aro at tho prosont day. There is no doubt thal size gives power and speed, and limo for tonnage is perhaps fair, being a similar allowance to weight for ago in a horso raco ¡ but if yacht racing is to improve tho rig ns well as tho build of vessels, willoh I nesmiio to bo tho ctieo, then tho rulo nt prcsont adopted tends naturally to interfere with thia object, and to atop thc build of cutters for racing purposes.-I am, Sir, yours faithfully." _ 