INSTALLATION OP THE #ERY —RF.T7- PH!ATT RUSSELL. i the Very Eev. AiRi : BusseU ^ wasc^maHy installed as Dean ot ^the Gatiledral ^Ghnrcli, St. Peter, of Adelaide; ; a* -: Sfc - itemM Church, Pnlteney-street, btf Thttrsday toornr ing, October 28. Tie ceremony- tastm menced at 11 o'clock; when -a clarga number of the clergy, wife the ^Bishop: and tDean,, preceded by the choir singing l&eoTri-; sanctus, walked from the vestry to their seats in the^ chancel. The service tor JSt annon and St. . Jude's Day was celebrated. ^The Rev. G^.. Dove conducted the . service, thg Rev. Canon- Farr and the Ven. Archdeacon T^openy reading the .lessons. After morning prayer .arid tfce i «inte^cbntnrunion service.to the end of the Nicerie' Creed, lArch deacon Twopeuy presented the'lteaaito the !B£shop.: Mr.T. Wicksteed, the- rRegistrar,^;hen read the Bishop's letters patent, collating the Rev. A. R.. Russell to the office of Dean of Ade ; laid«. The letters were as follows :-^ _ '-' '''I, Augustus, : by Divine permission Lord ! Bishop of Adelaide, to all to whom these . pre sents' shall come greeting : Whereas, by letters ! patent of our Gracious Sovereign Lady Vic toria, Queen of the United Kingdom of Great i Britain and 'Ireland, duly -made and sealed with the great seal of the said. United Kingdom, bearing date the 25th day of ; ^une, 1847, in the eleventh year of her reign, : it is declared lawful for me and my successors to found and constitute one or more dignities in my Cathedral Church, and to collate fit and proper persons to the Dignitaries of the' same. And; whereas, in pursuance of the powers thus granted,' I did appoint the Reverend James Far rell, BL A:, -Trinity College Dublin, to be Dean bf the said ^ 'Cathedral ; and, whereas, the said James Farrell, deceased at Malvern, on the ,25tn ot April, in the year of our Lord, 1869 : Now,, being minded :to continue such office, together with the lawful canonical rights and duties pertaining thereto, I do hereby collate 'the Reverend Alexander Russell Russell, one of the-jCanbns of our -Chapter, to be Dean of the Cathedrai'Church of St. Peter, in the City of Adelaide. ' 'In testimony whereof I have hereto caused my Episcopal seal to be affixed, this 25th day of October, in the year of our Lord, 1869, and. rthe twenty-third of my consecration. 'AU&UST03; ADELAIDE.' The Dean cignified his acceptance of office in -the following, words: — 'I, A. R. Russell, Canon of the Cathedral Chapter and Incum bent of the Church of St. Paul, do accept the office of Dean in the .Cathedral Church of St. Petes, in this city, and promise by. the Grace of ,Gp4, iaithfully, according to my ability, to fulfil the'duties of , the Baid office, and .will ob serve the regulations lawful and canonical which have been or shall be duly made Tespecting it.' The BisHop' then offered the following prayer : —MO, Lord God Almighty, ire beseech Thee to grant Thy grace' to ;this Thy servant , Dean of .the Cathedral Church of this Diocese, -that he may, 4y his preaching, and the example of a gopdj&e;,- instruct the clergy and people of this city, to do those things which are godly and of 'good, report, - so . that finally . both he arid they rriay inherit eternal Efe, through 'Jesus Christ our Lord, i who with Thee and the Holy Ghost, liye'th. 'and ^relgneth ever one God, world without dnd. Amen.' Tlje prayer, concluded, His Lordship preached the installation .sermon from the text in 4th Coilbssians,- 1 17tfr Verae — * ' Take heeff ; 16 'the ministry ^ which tiiou hast received in iie'' Lord that thpri.f nlil iti ' At the close of the sermon a hymn was siing, and the Offertory tmd'Holy ConimuHiori concluded the interesting service. There was .a very Jarge congregation, including .His Excellency the Governor, Lady Ediths and fariiily.- ''''-.'. - '. . . : ''?' ? -I:-'''' 