MINING. THE GREAT WESTERN WORKS. Dull times are not allowed to exist shore a below in this company's ground, be the ever so much below the paying point to tiu.- other claims. Rich and poor stuff ia kerepw*" on equal footing, and the stampers, blwiw arasttas, amalgamators, ovens, and what nt^ does the same process for both, to the end toy the concern pays good dividends, notwithsWMing that the yields are not quite so rich as w? were wont to be. The average at the prtf« time is 8dwt to the ton. Since the report on the new surface works, greatimprovemento*"" additions are being carried out and still in contemplation. The " bosses " do not app" 1 to be satisfied that they get all the mraote Policies ot the precious root, and therefore are « the qui vine for the very latest "save «J Having witnessed the working of the p»" self discharging concentrators," in use at well known claims on Bendigo, they formed a very high opinion of the Bame, » there is every probability of its being ln<K>dnw» here. The chief point of this invention u extracting the pyrites ot sulphurates, anfl i saving the fine gold, quicksilver, and amaipm from gold and silver ores. The principle m* which this concentrator is constructed prospectus) are the true and mecha ? lca L^j. for the purpose of concentration, rii, cen fugal force and gravitation, and which as they are in this machine, cannot . accomplish the object sought The plan wow appear to be very simple, as sny orduwy ^ perienced hand can fit them up. This me"; entirely dispenses with the use of blanKei» As some additional machinery for exw« gold from pyrites will be started here : w the works on the surface willneed anotti"^ ^ tion as a show of gold does.smong tributera elsewhere. Pyrites contains gold and therefore be manipulated upon thoroughly by a prott8S not hitherto adopted on Tarrangower. In the 300 feet l« r el » P irt y of men are driving and breaking oat from a reef 16 feet wide. From this level a winze was sunk to carry air down to the new formation reef discovered in the deep ground. This has been finished, «o that the deep reef can be worked. Four men p driving along the course of this reef which is 12 feet wide, about two-thirda of the quartz worth crashing, promises better as it is worked sooth Another winee is being sunk about 100 frtt south of the former one, which will {rive irlo tbe inmost part of tie 400 feet level. The * winie is down 40 feet, and gives payablej stone 1° 'be north, men are driving from this ievel in search of the reef supposed to Mist coming from the Beehive, and which the I.tter company long and anrionslf drove unsuccessfully for. As a matter of coarse tbe company employ a large number of bands, and if some other companies in onr surroundines. with a greater extent of golden soil, just devoted similar attention to making "poor gtnff" pay. t ' lere wi " plenty of work for the smelters, and trades people will rejoice. ALBEBT O—The question is general, "what's become of the Fenteman's Works how silent and ghost like, no human visible. Tbe high D0ppet heads now form excellent perches for cockatoos and such like feathered bush tribe, while underneath the boilers are they not song (matters for the vagrant goats. Pending the very extraordinary meeting on Tuesday next, to increaw the capital, to mortgage, to alter deed or wind up. Fenteman's is in reality a "deserted village." Not a solitary offer to work the cineem on tribute was Bent in. A proposition was made to the manager to the effect were he to bring the Albert claim and placed it at the bank corner, plenty oF men wonld RO in for it So very like those who delight to hug the verandah pnBts all day, and deplore the hard timeB. Whichever way the wind blows at tbe meeting, 30 acres of such prime soil, possessed by the Albert, will not be allowed to remain many hours longer dormant. There are heaps of poor stuff that will pay by the improved system of crashing, besides numerous reefs not yet opened ont or tested. MOUNT TDNNELUNG OO.— The numerous tribntinp parties are persevering in their several claims about the old Moiint. Stimulated, no doubt, by the success obtained by tbe latest addition to the host of tribnters within the Grand Junction are*. More applications have been made to the Tnnnel manager, Mr John Trewran, dating the last few days for blocks of ground, and, as a matter of course, those parties who intend working will be accepted. At the half-yearly meeting, held on Tuesday last, the Hon. George Harker (chairman) " remarked," that the company had paid heavily for the present mining regulations, having _ spent, without any return, in developing their claim over £9000, of which £520 had gone to the Government in rent The reports from the directors and mining manager were passed, and the following gentlemen were elected directors for the ensuing six months :—Messrs Harker, Haigb, Hick, Bailey, Mamond, Johnaaon and Martin. TVnly Tarrangower would be animated to the same decree of joy BS the shareholders in this plucky company, were the Tannelites to strike a golden reel CRUSHING WOEKS —The public works have been principally suffering from the_ usual periodical attack of cleaning fever, daring the present week, acd there is but little crushing to report From the general appearance of the several .plants—Oaledonian and Phoenix—each will be in xeadines to start afresh, on Monday next, "as fit as a fiddle." Mr Peter Wood, at Iinscott's, has been busy laying in a stock of fuel, and arranging preliminaries ready for sounding the whistle on Monday morning. LINBCOIT'S CO.—The only crashing to report: this week is 20 tons of stuff; at the Phosnix, from Nankivell's claim for a moderate yield of gold. SAHAB PEINCE CO.—"Loyalty, Royalty, and the Prince's visit." undoubtedly bad something to do in giving this company such a regal title. The block of ground is situated np Spring-street gully, a locality that has often -been noticed as a promising spot for auriferous soil. _ The reef is about the biggest opened in onr district—a perfect monster, being 94 feet through. Two shafts were sunk some years back on the reef, one about 40 feet from the west face, the other more east, and a crosscut through. The concern has recently received an infaaion of frebh blood among the sharholdera, and all hands are now disposed to give tbe "monster" a thorough prospecting. A contract has been let to Troran i and Co., to drive from tbe east shaft, along the course of the reef. Let as hope with profitable lesnlt ALLUVUI, MINING.—Were such a discovery of nugcets made anywhere else but on Tarrangowtr, as there has been of late, the electric wires would have ere this, wafted the intelligence through the length and breadth of the land, and a "rush" tbe consequence. Here, us sober minded folks take Buch finds as a matter of course, rub our hand with glee, and remark " Ah 1 I know there is any amount of gold so and so, outside our doors." Perhaps, after recent discoveries among tbe alluvium at Porcupine. Tom "fiddler's Ground, Fiddler's Flat, and Fenteman's Gully, a prospecting party will be organised to search" for the lost leads in several localities not so very far from the township. NEISOS EXTENDED OO.—Crashing will commence on Monday at the Caledonian. The reef continues flourishing. Contractors are at work sinking a winze from the 320 feet down to the bottom level. GLENCOE Co.—The contractors for sinking the shaft have managed to get down about 8 feet since commencement of the job. CAMBBIAH Co.—Although the trial crashing has not proved as excellent as anticipated by the tribucers, it is sufficient to induce them to persevere more strongly than hitherto* Tbe stone was crashed by the ordinary method, yielding about of gold. Hie sand was then hiked, which yielded over Soz. Total yield from 16 tons, 4oi within a fraction, of smelted old. During tbe past day or two the stone roken from the reef promises welL S "THE • ROGUE'S MABCH ' police case," says the Hamilton Spectator, "has excited some Interest, the court being crowded with spectators. It was a charge of insulting behavionr preferred by Mr Irving, the drill instructor of the volunteers, against Mr Wadley, the landlord of the Royal. It appears the Foresters, of which Mr Irving was a member, had resolved to remove their court from the Royal Hotel to the new Oddfellows' HalL This Is presumed to have given offence to the landlord of tiie Boyal; but, whether that be the case or not, the Foresters, on the conclusion of their meeting, were met in the passage by Wadley playing the Bogne's March on tbe poker and chore), the bandmaster playing tbe accompaniment on the duiopet In the evidence Irving said he had wen in the army, and the Rogue's March was one of the worst symbols of disgrace a military man could be subjected to. C. Wackeldiene gave evidence that at the suggestion of somebody in the hotel that night he played a certain march, but he had alwayB known that tone by the nameQof "TheTwopenny Postman.' With roe kind permission of the bench he would pla the tune so that it might be recognised. Amid roan of laughter Mr Wackeldiene nulled oat jus clarionet and gave a few bars of the wellknown Rome's March. The Bench inflicted a fine of 10s™ \--P bread. Three vessels were loading at ("uErancisco with bre&dstoSs; for the colonies ~*wo for Melbourne and one for Sydney. 