TABLE TALK. , A VEEY STRANGE AITAIE.—The ffire King jras compelled to do most of her: own drogliing, last trip, and as her load was. heavy, it -took a good deal of time to get it onboivd. "When she .reached Ghinni Ghinni, all hands were exhausted,. and, as it had been arranged that the ship should go to sca.at 6 o'clock ihe. next morning, tho officers and crew retired early.- -It was a -clear,- 1 moonlight night, -but jcather frosty. One ofthe passengers writes u&ijjhat; lie had not been in bed a great while before a"*terrible outcry was heard at the bow of the boat. Capt. HEESEE rushed out immediately, without'taking time to dress, and, sure enough, he-saw something like a ghost in-the" water; -Nothing daunted,-he -seized the unknown object by the hair of its head, and held it prisoner until a number of others came to his assistance, when the ghost was drawn on board. Capt. HEESEE then-thought his strange visitor bore some resemblance to a man, but m opposition to this view of the subject, there was the extreme improbability that any sober man would be found dabbling in the water at midnight, when •the thermometer stood very near the freezing point. Besides, nobody was missing; and tho -icy coldness of the subject went a great, way towards proving that he had passed , the gates of death.. Perhaps the object might be the restless spirit of some unhappy mariner who had perished during the recent gales; who knew P But whatever may have been the nature of Capt. HEESEE'S thoughts, they were not indulged in long—for the rescued creature speedily disappeared^ from the deck, and a little while after, it was seen flitting along towards LONGWOETH'S, where spirits f are well known.to congregate. The curiosity of both passengers and crew was now wrought up to the highest pitch. Excitement prevailed from one end of the vessel to the other, and when a boy sung out that he saw the ghost ashore, almost everybody rushed in the direction indicated. On his journey up, our correspondent met a man who declared that he had seen something unearthly in his room. It was icy cold, for he had . touched it, and he made no secret of the fact that he ingloriously fled from the object of his fears. Soon, every one was in motion at LONGWOETH'S. Candles, held in the hands of half- dressed people threw a flickering light on every object around. Male and female—they were all enquiring into the origin of the uproar, but nobody could give any very definite information upon a subject of which he was as ignorant as his associates in this midnight adventure. A ghost had been seen on the premises; it had put its cold hand upon a good man and true, whilst he was quietly restin the arms of Morpheus. The subject of this spiritual manifestation had fled, and the ghost was von est. This was the substance of what everybody was telling evciybody else, but nobody seemed perfectly satisfied with so luminous an explanation. After much deliberation, the biggest hearted man in the crowd was delegated to make search, and, fully equipped with every known prophylactic against the powers of darkness, he entered upon an examination of the haunted premises. Ify-and-bye, our friend came to the room from which the gliost-seer had fled. A faint voice answered to his summons, and entering carefully with a lighted lamp in each hand, ana with every hair on hiB head standing perfectly erect, he found the ghost, who had evidently been in contact with some very evil spirit, nicely tucked under the blankets. " Halloa, mate J " said the voice; " can't you get a fellow that's been under the water a fortnight something hot ? " The bold explorer vamosed without making a reply, but whether he went after " something hot" does not so clearly appear. "What happened next we cannot tell; but at break of day, the stewardess rushed out of her apartment all en deshabille complaining of the intrusion of an undraped apparition. The idea of a man in a wet shirt would be quite enough to alarm any good lady, but a naked ghost—how horrible! No wonder the stewardess fainted, and that for hours afterwards she was not free from hysterics. And now again came Captain HEESEE on the stage. Apprehensive that his ship had become regularly possessed, and feeling that desperate measures were now become necessary, he made one leap from his berth and landed in the cabin, trousers in hand; but these the ghost seized and again disappeared. "We hope the captain had no difficulty in procuring a second pair of unmentionables, and that when he got out of the river he was freed from his tormentor; but we have heard that a very strange looking person has been since seen on the Lansdowne wearing trousers that don't fit, and wltich are exactly of the pattern most affected by the gallant captain. It is also stated that some body who was very jolly on the night in question walked overboard, and that it was no ghost, but real flesh and blood, that crept into a lodger's bed at the Kingston hotel, ana frightened the occupant out of half a year's growth. Tlie same sceptical letter-writer says Captain HEBSEE'S trousers were only borrowed until the stranger's had been deprived of a portion of the muddy water they imbibed at the time of the accident; but we are unable to decide between the two versions of the story. It was a strange affair from beginning to end—and no doubt spirits had a great deal to do with it, however the .details may be regarded. THE SCHOOL AT OXLET ISLAND.—A correspondent has sent us the following resolutions, which he says were adopted by a public meeting held at Bed Bank on Monday last:—" Besolved, that such school (alluding to the proposed school on Oxley Island) would bo antagonistic, and therefore uncalled for, as the whole of the children that would attend it arc -within an easy distance of Bed Bank, and a great many of them are, or have been, on the lied Bank School Register. 2nd. Besolved, That a memorial be forwarded to the Council of Education,embodying the above resolution, and praying that<sucli an injury may not be allowed to one of the coldest established schools in the district." J3ie writer adds,— " a memorial has since been drawn up which is signed by nearly all the inhabitants of the district." On the same subject we have a communication signed " ABGUS," the substance of which is, that in tlie opinion of the writer, there is not a sufficient number of children on Oxley Island to form a school without including such as are under the required age. Indeed he says " It is not a fact that another school is needed at all." Anors thinks the whole movement wns intended for tlie benefit of a few persons, and he nlludes to another rceent occurrence in illustration of his views. Being inclined to remain entirely neutral in all matters of this kind, we content ourselves with giving the substance of the letters that have been sent, us, without expressing any opinion on the subject. But at the same time it may be remarked that this is a question of fact and not of argument. The way to settle it is, therefore, to produoc the names of the children who are expected to attend the new school, mention their age, and show the distance at which they reside from any other school. When this is done, the Council of Education will at once settle the matter one way or the other. THE SCGAE MILL.—We have had samples of sugar made by Mr. POOLE from Ribbon eanc which arc fully equal to those hitherto produced. He has been crushing for Mr. BATES, Mr. BIBD, and some others durmg the past week. HASTINGS BIVKB.—A correspondent states that the Free Church Presbyterians of the Hastings are about to invite Bev. JOHN M'LEOD to settle among them. But on the other hand wo hear that there are some dissentients from this step—those who refuseSto join in the movement being influenced chiefly by the circumstance that the Minister spoken of has not yet been ordained. OXLET ISLAND.—We are requested to say that a tender has been accepted by the Trustees for the ercetion of a bridge, particulars of which were recently advertised. Tm- work will be proceeded with at once. POET MACQUABIE.—Prom a private letter we learn that Mrs. THOMAS LOBBAN has been very ill, but is now recovering. The Queen's. Birthday was celebrated in the usualmanner. Mr. M'.CABTHV won the first Tilting .'prize; Mr.. "Wdj&DEBSON; the second, and Mr, CUMMINos the third. CLJLBKE and BDBNS won;the principal regatta race. On Tuesday there was a cricket matph between the Port Maequarie and Hollands' Hips Clubs;'in this the former came off easy yuprs. Capt. SIKCLAIB has • gone toiSydney oalhis usualyearly leave;, and Mr. PATTEESON, of the Colonial Architect's department, has been up to inspect the new public buildings. These are the principal items contained in the letter before us. - JONES' ISLAND.—The Band of Hope held its monthly meeting on Monday evening; when there was a large attendance, and some excellent recitations were given by members. "We are glad t^hear that the society is at present in a very flourishing condition. THE SUGAR -LOAP.—-W e are pleased to hear that Messrs. DICKENSON and BEVEBLY are about to erect a saw-mill at Bullock "Wharf, near Mr. GEEENAWAT'S. We have heard, too, that Mr. HAWKINS joined a loving pair in wedlock, somewhere thereabouts, early in the present week, but we have no authority to supply particulars. Our correspondent also mentions that there is quite a stir about the proposed postoffice in that locality; and says petitions and counter-petitions have become somewhat numerous. The district is advancing. 