The English news, a full summary of which appears in another column, is not of a very exciting nature, but to Australians ought to read satisfactorily. Wool lias risen a half- penny ; the demand and price for tallow are both good ; colonial -securities have an upward tendency ; and generally the commercial intelligence principally relating to Australian interests is most chcpiing. The Continental news is not so satisfactory.. The troublous question of " who shall reign over us 1 " is causing expense to Spain and anxiety to Europe, and does not appear to he one whit- nearer solution than it was months ago. On the life of the third Napoleon hangs the peace' of France, perhaps of Europe ; and the tem porary iecovery from an attack of rheumatism is a frail thread to hang much comfort on, yet- that is all which appears :to have saved Paris from rebellion. French genius and energy have gained a great victory at Suez. The . grand canal has been opened, and the name of De Lesseps may now fairly rank with the Stephensoiis and Brunels. Father Hyncinthe is on a visit to America, though purposing, it is alleged, to attend the CEcumenicf l Council at an early date. Discretion shown by prudent and timeous retreat will, we trnst, in 'his case prove the better part of valour. Tho United States of America have determined to be honest, -and nil tendency to repudiation has heen repudiated by the outspoken Secretary of the Treasury, as tho mouthpiece of the Go vernment. Home news are slight but sug- gestive. Gladstone is master of the situation, auul will not allow himself to be duped by either ritualistic or evangelical ultraism, but is marching straight on in the path of liberal and true progress. Feninnism, not content with being ridiculed by all that is British, has succeeded in drawing down on itself the con tempt of nil that is honestly Irish, and can gain no sympathy from either Call en or O'Donoghue. The miserable Byron scandal is not yet over, but the Quarterly Review has suggested, in a brilliant article, the extreme possibility of Lady Byron having not told the truth. Privilege of nobility is likely soon to be as it ought to lie— a thing of the past, all sensible minds having been shocked at the fact of the " plunging " Duke of Newcastle wrig gling out of his disgraceful insolvency difficulty by the feudal farco of privilege of peerage. From China come pleasant news about the Duke of Edinburgh, who, by pulling "stroke71 in a crew of officers who rowed the gallant Keppel to the steamer on his departure from Hong Kong, showed himself, for once at all events, the right man in the right place. The monthly obituary contains amongst others the names of three men, each widely known. One, that of tho Marquis of Westminster, whose sole celebrity was that he was supposed to be the richest peer in England, hardly needed chronicling. But by the death of Peabody mankind has sustaiued tangible loss. Probably no man ever went the way of all flesh whose absence will be so wept and . mourned for by high and low of every land as George Peabody. And by the death of the statesmen, orator, and poet, Edward Geoflrey Stanley, Earl of Derby, another loss has befallen the world which none who respect the qualities of chivalrous honour, devoted loyalty, and consummate statescraft, will feel disposed to lightly underrate. Lord Derby was a true noble man, of high lineage, hut of higher honour, one, who through both good and evil report proudly "bore without offence the grand old name of gentleman." Christmas-tide has again overtaken us, and this time under circumstances of complexion fair enough to suit even the most fasti dious British grumbler in tho community. Good news have just come to hand from the mother country of high prices and eager demand for colonial staples, and the outgoing mail will hoar to Europe the intelligence of harvest blessings prodigally poured upon the whole Australian continent, and, as far as New South "Wales is concerned, of tho pro gress of a great constitutional struggle .being . fought, out by rival parties bravely, manfully, peacefully, and constitutionally. The grum bling spirit will perhaps wish to have it that tho dearth of labour to gather in the wealth of corn the country has been dowered with is a terrible calamity, and some in the interests of partisanship may insinuate selfishness to the Opposition or Machiavelian policy to the Government becauso electioneering and har vesting, this Christmas time, are contem poraneous ; but honestly we do not see bow it can he fairly said otherwise than that this colony is at the present in very average condition, not, at all events, one to bo de spondent over, but somewhat contrariwise. The news of the dearth of labour to carry on with completeness harvesting operations will produce no bad result on colonial interests when it reaches England, and will almost certainly have a better advertising effect on emigration than any statute devisable by legis lative capacity ; and with regard to the exact date of the dissolution, it was more owing to the stern necessity of things than to tho so- called selfishness of the Martin-Parkesites ot to the threatened insolvency of the Premier. Parliament had to be dissolved, and it was dissolved. Voila tout. And it's now Christ mas, when perhaps for a few days it would bo wise to think a little less about pat ties and to think a little more about some of those larger social problems which are asking, we fear rather vainly, for solution. A little study of vital statistics might teach us that mere know- , ledge is not all we want -that there is need of wisdom as well, with her handmaids, reverence, temperance, and truth, both in and for both, . young and old. In the home and in the street there is a spirit observable not .commensurate in thankfulness to tho marvellous mercies which are showered upon us as a people. Age is, in too many instances, not sufficiently reverend ; youth not sufficiently reverent. Hence perhaps a little self-reflection in these coming holidays may prove of service. Holi day is obsolete now almost in its premature meaning of "holy day." And that it is so is to be regretted, seeing that the merriment and the happiness we wish each other at Christ- inas-tido are quite compatible with that primitive meaning. These remarks savour perhaps of the pulpit, hut they may, wo trust, be permitted in these, clays when the pulpit so often savours of the press. However that may he, we have simply made them as a short preface to the conclusion, cordially meant even if prolixly delayed, of wishing each and all our renders '"a merry Christmas and a happy now year." The result of the Yass election can have taken no one by surprise, whatever some of tho pro ceedings connected with it may have done. We are glad to he able to say that six respect able electors could not be found to carry out what Mr. Hemmington and his seconder pro bably considered to be a very good joke. The. proceeding was an outrage to the sense of the constituency, an insult to Mr. Fitzpatrick, and an unpardonable rudeness to Mr. Luidlaw, and was neither a sign of manly independence or of honest political principle. The proceedings on the Jjachlan nomination day at Burrowa can leave no other impression hut that Mr. Watson's success is certain, because, although the show of hands was in favour of Mr. Dalley, yet none of his supporters, when twit ted that their opposition to Mr. Watson was unbecoming, were in a position to prove that that gentleman had even consented to be put in nomination. An anonymous advertisement in another column would lead us to suppose this has since been done. Mr. Forster is said to have retired. It is well, for he had not the ghost of a chance. For the Southern Gold Fields probably Mr. Stephen makes tho best show, and is unquestionably the preferable man of the two nominated. Mr. Baker (who has hold a position where ho might have advo cated mining interests effectively, but did not), although a local man, does not appear to have gained much by his canvass from the electors, who seem inclined to take Mr. Stephen for what he says he will do, in preference to Mr. Baker, whom many conceive to have not done for them all that he might have done, when editing a paper attached to the mining interest. ' 