*THE METROPOLIS, [From a Special Correspondent j December 30. The Ddke of Sutherland hag arrived, having on board tbte family of our new Governor, Sir James Pergusson, with other members of His Excellency's household, all in excellent health. Arrangements had already been made for their reception ,by Captain Dtfriglaa as soon as the vessel arrived in port. On Christmas Day they landed (Misa Sasan Fergusson, Miss Edith, and Master Charles Fergusson), accompanied by tw© nui se3, and conyeyancea having been obtained they proceeded direct to Government House, where ihey will permanently remain. For several days past the newspapers have been full of the reports of educational display, as exhibited in the half-yearly examinations at the various educational establishments (there are very few schools now) scattered throughout the colony* To anyone 'who takes an interest in the development of the mental powei's of the youthful mind, or in the training of the young so that in after years the beneficial iiiterests, anxiously hoped for and earnestly desired, as the result of this educational discipline may be realised, all this high-sounding and inflated style of deal ing with a subject of such va3t importance to futurity is disgusting m the extreme^ and pro ductive of grave doubts as to the ultimate results to be derived therefrem. There is not the slightest doubt that the whole of this show h got up fcr the one great purpose of adver tising the school, and has no reference to. the well-being and true attainmeats of the children. .'? For a few week* before this grand display comes of£ the scholars ate crammed with certain subjects, the every-day applica tion of which, to them, is shrouded in im penetraable mystery, and in nine cases out of ten fire, utterly unserviceable as matters connected with mental training for future use in their different walks of life* Were these examinations made at times, when the par ticular purposes for which they are held when unknown bjT the children, the examiners would ftutl an amazing difference in, the reports whieb, ? they have to furaisb, and which are expected to supply with food that morbid desire for fulsoms prawe, which the general crowd of the attendants at these exhibkioaa (the parents and intimate friends of the scholar) come fulLy prepared and anxiously solicitous for. Do we ever read in the repom of the Inspector* of schools such glowing accounts of tho vast and superior attainiftenta to be gained by attendance at any oHe of these schools, for whacb. such inflated accounts are carefully prepared,, if not by the principal himself, at all events by some iiitimuie aad interested friend 2- No. Then what purpose is served by their continuance, or what good is derived therefrom *? Is not such a skow fertile in the encouragement sunougst the children of that premature imperio:isuess which is so painful to ail Leholders, and tlie repression of which becomes to an earnest parent a source of great auxveiy and trouble? This public manifestation of preeoeiousiiess as exemplified in these so-called examinations is a positive evil, and is only got up for the display by the principal of hia oratorical powers, and to give an airing to bis inordinate vanity. He appears before the parents of his pupils as bland and smiling as if he never cut up roughf or 6trikin»ly illustrated the necessity of a personal and intimate scquaintance between, the birch and his pupil's breech. Like the showman, he trots out his pet puppets for the delectation of admiring mammas,, and as the friend* roll in to the scholastic treasury he hugs himself with self appreeiation of his own abilities, regardless of the development of those deeper and more solid grfts beneficial to his pupHs throughout all time. By such a course of proceeding the energies of tho vigorous youthful mind are warped uud cramped purposely to bring forth a spasmodic and uncouth state of seeming excellence ©f the peculiarities of the system of teaching adopted, but which is a lasting detrement. to the mental powers of the child, and is neither more nor less than a make believe and a shanu The Moonta. shipped her living freight, as was indicated in ray last, on Wednesday, the 23rd, au-i was towed down to the North Arm, j so that all the party might shake down into their respective plaees before making a final ! siarfe for the .North. Tlie vessel whilst at anchor here became the centre of attraction for numberiess friends of the outward bound, and the trade done by the Port watermen in conveying visitors Id and fro was immense. The only accident of which there is any report being one happening to a young man I named Mark Saunders, a resident of Rundle- I street. It appears that, he with other friends went from the Port in a boat to the Moonta on Christmas Day, and on nearing that ves sel, by some carelessness or other, a gun lying at the bottom of the boat, loaded and full cocked, exploded, shattering one of the fingers of the right hand and lodging the greater part of the charge of small shot in his right side. Dr Peel, of the Northern Territory party, attended to the wounds immediately, and recommended his instant removal to town. No more serious results are apprehended beyond those of physical suffering and confinement for some time to a sick room. This is another warning and example to be added to the already long list against the careless manner in which firearms are left or dealt with. On Sunday the Moonta got under weigh, and sailed for her destination. . - The festivities peculiar lo the season have been well kept and honored in and around the city, not the least of the 'pleasures being the preparations made by the tradespeople towards catering for the. public enjoyment in dressing their windows with the rich spices aad other dainties so bountifully indulged .in at -Christmas time, and the decorative .sights so liaplay ed drew a.n immense crowd, into the streets on the evening of the 24tb. From the market at the eaBt end of fiundle-street to Morphett-street on the west the streets were decorated with evergreens, and assumed an almost instantaneous appearance similar to that which .would have been produced bad the city plantations suddenly become gifted with the powers of locomotion, and boldly marching into the streets arranged themselves into two long lines in military order, and in one moment have lost their powers of pro gression and become rooted in the watertables on each side of the roadway. No greater pleasure showed itself, or perhaps happier thoughts pervaded f tbe crowd at any time, than existed during the Christmas week, for the footways were occupied by. laughing crowds on Christmas Eve. Young and old, rich and poor, all mingled i& one delighted mass, apparently endowed with the faculty of giving as well as receiving pleasurable emotions from contact with each other. The universal expressions of pleasure to be seen on the features were indicative of a thorough enjoyment of those agreeable sensations which are inseparable from the true celebration of tbe greatest festival of the Christian year. The cheery voice en vthe recognition of acquaintances—- the joyous laagh full of rollicking earnestness-^- the outstretched arm and the affectionate warm grasp of the hand — were eloquently expressive. These, with the. kind enquiries as to the welfare and health of each others' human belongins, gave additional zest and tone to the manifestations of enjovrseut with which all seeined to be p.nrirthprL Slmrtlv afrpr inidiiio-ht. and towards the early dawn, Chhristraas carols were sung by. several well- organised parties with harmonius efieet, enhanced by the other wise stillness of human sounds. The ring and repetition of the chorus from the distant street, echoing from side to side, and welling up with powerful effect, had a cheering and softening influence on those whose good fortune it was to hear. Occasionally might be heard a small but excited baud of late revellers parading (with, a zigzag motion) the streets on tbe way to their respective habita tions,, and bursting cut occasionally with a inharmonious eong as to- the number of John Brown's knapsack, Fpasinodijcall y ending in- a decisive affirmation that here they were again, and jolly dogs wore theyK and ever and; axcu tuey would voet erously mie-rm.: ai« wumn j liearing that happy T&as; the girl- that osvne & i tliem when they weat rolling fcoine^ Uptimes j in the moi-ning the- Kialtitialfcs. gathered together to. pass either ts. tbe kills or the sea side for the day's enjpyiaent,. and until about LO- &.m.. the crush. f6r places in the omnibusses - was incessant.. By that tiiae the city seemed emptied,, and the profound forlornness which for several hours afterwards reigued in the i ^ streets contrasted greatly with the unceasing; tramp of numberless feet on the pavements the night before. It looked as if the busy laugh ing crowds whicL had peopled- tha s:reeta. but a few short hours before,, had dissolved iiito. thin airr and had become as impassable as any ghost. It could be safely affirmed' that thousands left the city for Glenelg and the hills, both on the 25th and 2Sth, with a determination to enjoy to the full the holi days which as a, people South Australians know bo well how to manage. If we compare respectively the position and prospects of the green aiid immense weahh of to-day'» people, i what an amaz:ng differense shall we aee, and | how thankful- that, amongst the troubles and losses of surrounding provinces, and all the pleasure parties who. frequented the chosen ' haunts for peaceful pleasure could not have been more favored. No sooner is one expectation satisfied and the wiahed-for desire become a reality than another Ptill stronger hope fastens upon us ; for as soon as the mythtcal information merged into a certainty that 'our new- Governor was on his way here, we are furnished' by the same means of supply with the delightful news that our Jate royal visitor is onee more to grace our province with his presence, and that in March next, or three short months from the receipt or the mteingence, me yutte or ljuin burgh will be again amongst us. Notwith standing the nn-avorable example he met : with both in this and the neighboring colonies of robbery and attempted assassination, he is willing and desirous of again visiting the scenes which have doubtless impressed him favorably with the heartfelt loyalty which reigns universally in the hearts of Australians towards his august mother, the Qaeen of the British Empire, as well 33 towards himself personally, and no greater proof can be given by him of hid trustful nature in, that devotion towards himself which was *o thoroughly ex emplified by tbe admiring people -£ this and the sister provinces, than within, so- short a period to put that loyalty and devotion, once again id jthe proof. The Galatea is- to- call at Perth, the capital of Western Australia, where ! no doubt he will be received with such an ova I tion from the people there, as will fully bear out the character for fidelity to the mother country which u characteristic of the English race. * The dailies are giving extracts from the *' Cruise of the Galatea/' and are therefore eagerly looked for at the break&st; table by both male and female readers, who earnestly devour with their morning meal the descriptive scenery and life-like incidents occurridg either on board or at tbe different places where His Royal Highness stopped for a few days' enjoyment, the pi- incipal to:pi&of; ^conversation in. town for the last two days being tbe letter which the Duke wrote to. MsTjrpiber tfee Prince of Wales detailing his elephant- bunting experience at. the Cape. - ; . The Assembly, having adjourned for a fort night has given the. Ministry more leisure to devote to the reception of the deputations which still continue to infes c the precincts of tlie Treasury. s Tbe badgeriug aiid worrying' which the (Jovernment have to bear both indi vidually and collectively: is a Gauti'nu *o aspi rants after Ministerial honors ; and one would think Yrom the afflicting experiences now pressing upoa the minds of the executive officers of tbe executive officers of the state, that no 'pecuniary recompense, could be equi valent to see horrors infliGted- by such a series1 of 'nightmare- like trials as 'they are punished with^t the present time. jE^ery petty griev-. ance, real or imagiaary, . finds some , benightad individual to give- it an airing -under the shadow of public duty, regardless of the pub lie interest or of .the , ridicule or scandal, the advocacy of ite causa may bring about. . After the long and continuous infliction under which the people have suffered both in the House and through the^oyepapers, of the Galbraifh petty squabbles, the Ministry is notr pestered with deputations seeling interviews to advance onfte again the arguments which one is sick of hear ing. It is a mistaken kindness to open the office doors to such exponents of personal feeling and ill-will. r; ? The Government, carrying out the ex presstid desires of .the Assembly, have decided to reduce the Volunteer Force to a nucleus. The whole namber for' which provision for the payment of will be put. on the Estimates will be as follows :-r— One company of cavalry, two batteries of artillery, and four companies of in fantry, making a total of all ranks and grades of 450 men. Already instructions have been issued to the Colonel- Commandant to this effect. Lieutenant, Slater,, Drill-Sergeant 0*Carroll, and Butman M*Nulty have been in formed that their - sen*ices will be dis-. pensed with at the end. of the year. The Armoury Storekeeper and tsco subordinates have also bad intimation that there will be no further need of their, services after the 31st inst. The civic mountain has at last brought forth its mouse, amidst the throes and pains of labor* Yesterday the Council met; to receive and adopt the report brought up from its annual Committee on the officers'' salaries and duties. The alterations made are sweeping enough, and tb-e coatemplated Baving by this pressing of the salary-sheet will amount to at least j£l,500. Add to this. the amount con-, templated to be gained by the stoppage of certain works in the city— equal to £8,000 or £9,000 — and the overdraft may be confidently looked forward to as not being more at the end of 1869 than some £5,000 or £6,000. The news from New Zealand is encouraging, is that the colonists aiid friendly natives are, almost everywhere, being successful in their attacks on the rebel tribes ;. in fact, the vic tories which have been gained over the Hau EJaus in several late engagement* have so far crippled and disheartened thers, thst they have been routed, with- the- loss of a large number killed, wounded,, and prisoners,, and their retreat to the fastnesses. o£ the bush, has- been the result.. The report) ©f' several cases of small-pox in Victoria has caused alarm and fear in Mel bouane; as to its extension being kept within bsiuids.. To thi3 may be added the telegraphic iuforiaation that the Kaikoura has arrived at Sydney from Panama,, having saiall-pox on board. The vessel, has,, however,, been- placed in quarantine,. and every effort is being made to confine the disease-entirely within, the limits of the quarantine ground. Her mails have been laoided, . but they contain no news of importance beyoad what anxved by the Suez route. 