SHRIVELLED SEED AND ITS PRODUCE. This time last year the red rust was regarded in South Australia as an unmiti gated evil. The farmers viewed their -untfiorvxl rrnna until Apansar^nff tonka, and rainly tried to convince themselves that good ivould result from so great a calamity. Blighted prospects were not a good prepara ion for resignation ; and in the thought of how they were to provide for their families, and for the ensuing seeding time, the fact was overlooked that some useful lesson may be -gamed from every adversity. The pro found philosophy of seeking comfort in an event which has penury as its immediate consequences is not to be expected of ordi nary mortals..: The advantages of each new development of experience cannot be recog nised in a moment. Moralizing is listened to with much more equanimity when it draws its lessons from the dim past 'than when it seeks to show that present mis fortune is but a blessing in disguise. With whatever impatience the sentiment might have been received this time last year, we can now say that the red rust has been pro ductive of benefit. It has set at rest, even if it had done nothing more, an important problem in the science of germination and production. It has demonstrated con clusively that good crops may be produced from very unpromising grain; and in this tupect at least the dearly-bought know edge of South Australia will be of use to ther communities under like conditions. In reviewing the circumstances of the case, b is only just to give to the Commission on Cereal Diseases the credit of having first sug gested experiments with the shrivelled seed, vhichtheredrast has madeus so familiar with. Do Dr. Schomburgk, of the Botanic Garden, -elongs all the credit of practically carrying mt that suggestion. No sooner had it been nade than he entered into the subject with iis accustomed heartiness. He systematized he trial so that as much information as possible might be conveyed through it to the igriculturista. A number of samples varying n their quality were sown, and with untiring sire their growth was watched. In the hands )f one less interested and less ready to have his preconceived notions upset by new evi dence, a different result would probably have been brought about. He did not treat the matter as one of curiosity for the savan, but as one of present utility to the farmers, and he so timed his operations that those to whom they were of most moment could receive immediate advantage from them. The spectacle of shrivelled seed producing healthy stalks, as exhibited in the Botanic Garden, cheered many a disconsolate agriculturist, and has not been without its influence upon the present position of the cultivators of the soil as a class. Judging from the reports recently published by us, we may safely compute that one-third of the area under crop for wheat last year was the produce of grain affected by the rust. It is interesting to glance down the returns and see how widely opinions have differed as to the wisdom of sowing shrivelled seed. It is quite obvious that for the most part necessity alone induced its use. Where the plump wheat could be procured it waa put in, and some of our correspondents are still disposed to speak, not only with caution, but in absolute condemnation of the dangerous practice of sowing low quality grain and expecting a satisfactory issue. But whatever natural prejudice still lingers in the minds of those who have nourished the belief that the very best seed only should be employed, there is an overwhelming testi mony to the fact thatnotmerely will the wheat reduced by red rust almost to the dimensiona of a husk grow, but that it will bring to maturity a full -sized ear and full-sized grain. It is not a question of the balance of evidence, for the evidence ia all on one side. Whether much or little was sown, there is scarcely a variation, from the formula—' No per ceptible difference between the produce of plump and shrivelled seed.' The trial has been made on rich and poor lands ; on virgin soil, and soil with its original fertility diminished by constant cropping ; on plains and bills ; and yet the statement of results varies but little. A more general trial could not possibly have been made, and a more successful issue could not have been arrived at. In glancing over the estimates recently obtained by us from farmers in the several agricultural .districts, we find that there are comparatively few in the older settled dis tricts of tihe North who have not been more or less indebted to rusty seed for their crops. In the Tanunda district, one-third of the wheat land was sown with it; in Mudla Wirra North, a fourth; in the Hundred of Dalkey, one-half; in Rhyme district, about two- thirds; ;i Yatala, one-half; in Hamil ton, a quarter; in Port Gawler, about one* half; Angaston, about one half; Belvidere, a large proportion; Marrabel, one-third; Light, nine-tenths; Kapunda, nearly the whole; Munno Para East, a considerable proportion ; Munno Para West, three-fourths ; Stockport, one- half; Nuriootpa, two-thirds; Gilbert, one-half; Hundred of Moorooroo, generally two-fifths; Barossa West, one-half; Hundred of Grace, two-thirds. In many instances, especially in the more remote Northern districts, which enjoyed to a great extent im munity from disease, the farmers repudiated shrivelled seed, and others resorted to it only in homoeopathic doses by way of experi ment for future guidance. The conclusion is irresistible, however, that to some of the poorer fanners in the vast agricultural areas fn tfin nnrthtrard nf Arielairla trie rlis« co very that the injured grain could with safety be used has been of incalculable benefit Outside readers not conversant with the topography qf Squth Australia may understand that the localities indicated by the names given above are far distant from each other; and that whilst some of them comprehend level country, others must be classed amongst the hill districts, which generally are subjected to conditions diverse from those affecting the plains. From the North-East strong confirmatory proof is alsopresented of the value of shrivelled seed for grain. There it was resorted, to almost universally, and the result has justi fied the confidence placed in the assu rances of Dr. Schomburgk and the few practical farmers who had made trial of such seed in past years. Teatree Gully cultivators were dependent for half their yield upon the result of the experiment. Mount Crawford and the neighbourhood had a still larger stake in it ; Mount Torrent had reduced its ^ggrea^te of land under crop by about two-thirds, and the remaining third was put in with shrivelled seed ; South Rhine had two-thirds of its wheat fields sown with the same description of grain ; Gumeracha and many other places were largely indebted to it. Most of the accounts from the East indicate that the people of Nairne, Harrow gate, Woodside, and so forth, had little else to rely on. From the South the reports are very similar. The proportion varies from one-third to two-thirds; and even Strath - albyn, with its conservative clasps, of settlers., could not resist putting the question to the test. Here about one-third of the seed sown had been damaged by rust, and the testimony is that the difference between its yield and that of the best gx*ain is more apparent iu respect to the straw than in regard to the ear. The people of the South-East were fortunately spared to a great degree the disaster which overtook other Darts of the colonv. and ?onsequently they had no necessity, to lepart from the practice of raising crops rom wheat of the best quality, It is difficult to estimate the saving to the arming olasSTesulting from the use of this lamaged gram. Had they followed the nurse which at first sight seemed mo:t reasonable, and sold their shrivelled produce for what it would fetch, in order to assist in scraping together the means to purchase good seed, they would in many instances have re luced themselves to positive indigence ; and irould have been compelled to rest xmtent with bringing a smaller area under sultivation than they have now been able to bring. The season fortunately was favour able, although not so peculiarly favourable as to render it a hazardous task to repeat the experiment. The germinating power of the rusted seed, and its capacity to yield a full grown crop, has been thoroughly established. At the same time, when no special necessity exists for making use of the inferior grain, it would be folly to employ it in preference to the better kinds. Theissueofasingle trial, triumphant as it has been, will not eradicate the prejudice in favour of good seed where it can be obtained. COURT MARTIAL.— Major Glancey, of the 14th Regiment, whose arrival by the Coorong is reported in our shipping column, has been deputed by the General to preside at a Court-Martial, which is about to be held upon a charge of desertion and insubordination, preferred by the officer in com mand of the 50th against private J. Green. SUPPOSED INCENDIARY FIRE.— We (Kapunda Herald) regret to hear that on Wednesday evening a fire took place in Mr. Geyer's (of near Greenock) paddock. We understand that Mr. Geyer (who will be remembered as the plaintiff in the case of Geyer v. Jorgenson) believes the fire to be the work of an incendiary. The paddock where the fire occurred is some three or four sections from Mr. Geyer's residence, and before he heard of it the fire had been extinguished by some of his neighbours, who had fortunately noticed it before any great headway had been obtained. MooBuroa at Pout MacDohotu,. — The Hinders has been engaged for some days in tutting to rights the moorings at MacDonneil Bay, »hich, as appeared recently by our telegram from here, had gone adrift. Thanksgiving.— The definition of gratitude, that t often means thankfulness for future favours, has jeen exemplified at Gambierton, where special hanksgiving services have been held, though the krath-Eastern harvest 'has scarcely commenced.' The Legislative Council.— Mr. Duryea has ust completed hi 3 photographic album, containing he portraits of the 18 present members of the Legislative Council, with a brief biographical iketch of each member. The photographs are on .oned paper, 11 inches by 8} inches, extremely ife-like and distinct. The album, which is double 'oolscap in size, is bouud in half morocco, with jilt lettering, and will form a handsome appendage a the drawing-room or library table. Thfvtbe Royal.— There was a very fair atten dance at this place of amusement on Friday svening, January 15, when there web a change of performance. The proceedings closed with the burlesque opera of 'LaSonnambnla.' Thb Kew IZealand Confkbksce.— We under stand that the Government have assented to take part in the Conference proposed by the H ew Zealand Government with regard to a Customs Union. The Mount Gambieb Institute Hall.— The Standard reports that it is probable Messrs. Avey and Hale, the contractors, will have so far com pleted their work within another fortnight a3 to allow of the use of this fine Hall for Institute purposes. Thb North Tbatu.— The midday train from Gawler to Kapunda was somewhat delayed yester day afternoon by an accident which oecurred to the engine two miles north of Freeling, one of the small tubes having burst. This train U due at Kapunda at about 2.45, but did not arrive until shortly after 5 o'clock.-iTapuniia Herald. The Mouxt Gambieb Hospital.— It appears we (Border Watch) were misinformed as to the speedy opening of the Hospital. We now learn that it is not likely to be opened for another month, many of the fittings being yet uncom pleted. The delay in the opening of the Hospital is rather incomprehensible. It was almost in as forward a state as now three months ago. Whose fault is it the work is not completed? Mb. T. P. Hill's Entebtaismbjt.— On Friday j :venini-, January 15, Mr. T. P. Hill gave his third intertainment in While's Booms, in presence of a arger audience than was attracted to the Hall on EYednesday eveDing last. The expositions of Btain-printing, which have already been made familiar to tbe public by description, were gone through with marked success, and pave token of she thoroughness with which Mr. Hill has mastered his illustrations ol the science of IJrain priuting. He also performed the chess-boanl feat, md on completing it waa warmly applauded. In place of a set lecture he favoured the audience with ?several well rendered recitations, closing with the 'King and the Abbot uf Canterbury.' .Before retiring he returned his thanks to those present for their presence and attention, and expressed i hope tnat he would, on his return from the country, and before his departuie from South Australia in about a fortnight s time, ensure it full attendance in White's Kooins. The company evidenced their sympathy with this hope, and their appreciation of Mr. Hill's efforts to gratify and instruct them, by general applause. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide spoke iu very compli mentary terms of the hi^h character of the entertainment, and suggested that the Governors of the Institute should be applied to with a view of getting the use of the Heading- room for some future seances, Fibe is Kcndle-stbeet.— Last night, January 15, a fire occurred on the premises of Mr. J. Leaver, hatter, 20, Bundle-street, resulting in a considerable destruction of property. So far as we can learn, it was first observed at about 25 minutes to 11 o'clock by several of the assistants in the employ of Messrs. Donaldson, Andrews, and Sharland, a firm which occupies the shop adjoining No. 20. They had been engaged up to that late lour in stocktaking, and were just on the point of leaving, when they saw smoke issuing from above the shutters. The door, on being pushed, flew open, and the whole of the front store was seen to be In flames. Hastily closing the door strain, they Rave the alarm, and messengers forthwith set out 1 3 summon the firemen. Mr. A. J. Baker reached the spot before il o'clock, but we are informed that it was fully 25 minutes -a period which, under the circumstances, was surely much longer than ought to have been allowed to elapse, and which to the impatient spectators seemed interminable— jetore the first reel (Messrs. KlHs and Chittle* brough's) arrived. Lven then several ininutts more were lost iu attaching the hose to the inaiu and bringing it to bear. Very soon afterwards two other reels (Mr. Boddington's and Mr. Barlow's) made their appearance, and with as little loss of time as possible added their quota to the volume of water, which was now poured into the sent of the fire. The glass ere this had broken, so that thtra was nothing to resist the free action of the hoses which quickly subdued the flames and extinguished the burning mass. The reels arrived too late to allow any of the stock to be saved, and in the Rhop itself, to which fortunately the fire was confined, nothing is now to be seen but cinders and debris. In the upper storey, which was used as a dwelling-house, there were several children, amongst others an infant in a dying state. The tire did not penetrate through the ceiling, but as soon as the alarm was raised the farnilv ras removed, ana oeiore iz o ciock me cmia aiea. he contiguous premises were in imminent peril nd the risk was greatly increased by the interval rhich took place before the firemen were on the round. The goods iu the upstairs rooms and ven those in the back premises were, we believe, ntouched, so that there can be little doubt but hat the fire originated in the t-hop. The stock was Mured to the exteot of something like £500 or £00, an amount which will nearly, if not entirely, over the loss. An inquest will doubtless be held to- day. FRIGHTFUL FATAL ACCIDENT AT GOOLWA.— A frightful accident occurred at Currency Creek on Monday evening, January 11, by which a man well known in the district as Cranky Johnson, lost his life. The unfortunate man had been to Goolwa during the day, where he had been drink- ing. On returning to Currency Creek, he got up a race with another man; and, while riding along at a furious rate, his horse turned off against a corner post, and threw him. He fell on his head, and was picked up senseless. Assistance being on the spot, everything that could be done under the circum- tances was done; but he died at an early hour on the following morning, never having regained con- ciousness. An inquest was held on the body on Tuesday afternoon, at the Currency Creek Hotel, before Mr. B. F. Laurie, S.M., and a Jury of 12, when the following facts were elicited. Joseph Claughton, sworn, said— A race was proposed on Monday evening between Matthew Irons and de- ceased. They asked me to start them. Before they got to Mr. Golding s Johnson's horse turned off against the corner-post, and threw him. I ran and picked him up, and got assistance from Mr. Wills to help. Got some water and bathed his head and washed his face till Mr. Jones came. James Allen, sworn— Was in the store about half- last 7 p.m. Heard horses galloping. Went to the door, and saw Johnson's horse riderless. Saw Johnson lying down; his head was close against the post, and blood was oozing from ear and nose. Got a towel, and helped to wash the blood away, Asked if he was hurt, but got no answer. Saw him lifted up and carried away. Saw him several times during the evening. He was uncon- scious and bleeding from the ear. There was scarcely any wound except a small one on the crown of the head, but blood continually oozed from the left ear. Noticed no other sign. The last time I saw him was about 11 p.m. The accident occurred about half-past 7 last night. He had been gal- loping the same horse about all the afternoon. He was not sober. Stephen Golding, sworn— When I saw deceased first he was coming from the creek. Understood he was going to have a race. Just as he got off the old track heard him say, "O." He turned to the left. Thought he was going to take the fence, instead of which he turned to the right and came on to the fence. There was a cry from the bystanders for water. I went and saw them washing and bathing him, and then they carried him away in their arms. Deceased told me that he had been to the Goolwa. The Jury returned the following verdict: — "The deceased's death was accidental, but caused by furious riding." Corporation Address to Sib Jas. Fzbqusson. —By the Coorong, which arrived last night, His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide received the illuminated address, referred to a day or two ago in our Melbourne telegram, as having been pre pared for presentation to Sir Jas. Fergusson. It if a really beautiful specimen of penmanship, the colours being laid on with great taste, and the general effect being admirable. Unfortunately, however, an error occurs in the 6pelling of oui new Governor's surname, one 's' being in-ertec instead of two. But for this blemish the addrest is in every respect worthy of the object to whicl it is to be applied. Northern Crops.— From Marrabel on Januarj 15 our letter says:— 'The harvest operations wil Boon be completed, and this week the reaping machine will retire to rest- for another year, iron the accounts I have received the harvest has beei rcry good, and the estimate I gave you has I thin) been more than reached. Better grain surel; could not be desired. It is splendidly filled out '. have seen larger grain, but never better quality What reaches England from this district wUl com mand a good price. Trade has been rather dull o late; but when the wheat comes in there will b more money circulating, and business will brightei up. The weather has been changeable- one da; very hot, the next delightfully cool, perhaps witl rain, much against the wishes of the farmers.1' Tee End of the Panama Service.- We lean (remarks the Argus) that the Panama Company' fine steamship Utago, which arrived in port oi Wednesday evening last, from. New Zealand was taken possession of on the same night by Ml James Lawrence, auctioneer and shipbroker, a agent for the mortgagees in London, represente here by Mr. 3. G. Henty. Yesterday morning th vessel was given up by the Company to the agec of the mortgagee, and the change of ownershi has been duly recorded at the Custom- Hous- The vessel is now for sale, we may add, by privat bartrain. while the remaining vessels of the Con any s intercolonial neet-tne Airedale, yjata ishley, Auckland, and Egmont— are advertised -r disposal, by order of the representatives of the lompany who recently came out to Sydney from Ingland. It is impossible not to regret that a pirited enterprise has thus come to an end. Western Australia.— We find the following a the last West Australian papers to hand:— 'FromNicol Bay we have a fortnight's later in elligence, but there is little news, except that all he pearl-shell gatherers were doing well. The ianks fished last season were yielding again a lentiful harvest. Tbe two Sydney vessels with heir ' Kanaka' crews were said to have between hem about 30 tons of shells. The roaster of one if the fishing craft has brought down a magnifi ent pearl about the size of a boy's marble, and as learly perfect in lustre and shape as possible, and rorth, it is said, some fabulous price. Two boxes if tortoiseshell have been sent down.' Immigration.— A Queensland paper says:— 'The necessity for the presence of a Queensland migration agent in Great Britain is becoming ivery day more aud more apparent Colonel 31ackaU is quite right when he says that the best cind of population is that which springs from the toil and is planted in the soil; and the baby prize mnciple is good, but the homestead clauses are setter. They offer a prize to every baby. That, as in investment, is profitable to the State; and we lope ere long to see tho^e clauses further improved jy the removal of the petty but vexatiouB and ill sounding conditions of payment which disfigure that particular portion of our new Land Act. it is true that a person may obtain the fee-fliiuple of eighty acres of land by paying £2 per annum for it [or five years, but it wunid be much better to give it for nothing, the only condition being residence md improvement That would be a good cry for aur immigration agent to go to the old country with, and we trust he will be empowered to raise it' Tna to Shout MuHDEn-The following graphic picture of his household miseries was thk week forwarded to the Auxiliary Destitute Board, Port Wallaroo (says tbe Times) by a recipient of relief who had been heard to call out 'murder,' under the influence of the intoxicating liquors allowed him, as it was alleged:— '1 deny the charge of drunkenness, but I acknowledge calling out 'murder.' Had I not done se, I am positive she (t.e. my wife) would have taken my life. She first threw boiling water over me, then the chamber utensil and contents, and afterwards a bucket of coid water, then commencing to hit nse with the broom ; therefore I hope it will be admitted that it was time to call out ' murder.' Bird Flowx.— ' Never count vour chickens before they are hatcbed.' A very singular case of outwitting tbe police occurred last Wednesday under the following circumstances. It appears the police have for some time been in search of a man named Smith, who was charged with stealing several sides of bacon. At the beginning of last week he was apprehended^ in Adelaide, and on Wednesday forwarded so Kapunda, where he was duly taken charge of by our police, and safely locked up. Un the same afternoon two police troopers from Kiverton Ololoy ami Peach) came in a wasgonnette to take the prisi,iuT to Kiverton, where he was to be tried. Un arrival at the Kiverton h-ck up the troopers found, to their astonishment that Smith had verv UDcere inqniously withdrawn himself from the distin guished company of the trooper*: lut when, where, and how, was not known. The fctranyest thing of all is that Smith not only cleared out himself, but tcok his swag with him, consisting of two bundles, (toe thing is certain, that wherever the hoopers' wits were. Smith had his about him and knew how to use them.- KupuHda Herald THANrfscrviNa fob Habvkst.— The following ib the form of prayer sanctioned by the Bishop of ! Adelaide for the use of tbe Church of Fngiand on Sunday, January 2», the day appointed for thanks javmK on account of the harvest It is stated to be adapted from the form agreed on by both Houses cf Convocation o[ the Province of Canter bury, February 14. I*h2: '_ 'Morning .yid evening prayer shall he the samp with the usual office for holy day ' exapt whS? it is in this othce otherwise appointed 'ruoi-KH ituLjia. ' Two or more of the following Psalms shall ha used at the discretion of the minuiter^-Pi. iV bom., cul, civ , cxliv.. cxlvii. ' ? 'FKOPKB LK8S0SS. y.ii.,7; xiri.1 to v. 12; Deiiu wrTiLl to rlfi'« Deut. rait 7 to.y SB; DeuL xxxiu. 2fl; feuah xxvin., 21; Hosea n., 14. ? ' 'uuaa ' For the Second Lesson, one of the following ?— St Matt xiii., 24 to v. 31 ; St John iv., 31 to v 'ii- St John vi, 26 to v. 36; 2 Cor. is , 6; kev. xiv, ji 'COLLECT. 'O Almighty God, who in past years didst came the pastures of the wilderuebs to be dried up; the harvest of the field to perish; and the husbandmen to be ashamed ; aud now in mercy has given us tho former and the latter ram moderately, and rettortxi to us the fruits of the earth iu their season : give us grace also to use the same to Thy glory, aud tho relief of those that need, as well as ourowh comfoil. Teach us also to remember that ? Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every woid that pro ceedein out of the mouth of God.' Thou has sent Thine own Mured Son to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever : who now liveth ami reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen. 'After the general thanksgiving shall be said the following:— 'O Lord Uod of Hosts, who dwellest in the high and holy place, and yet hast respect unto the lowlj ; who makest Thy sun to rise on the evil aud on the good, and sendest rain on the j cut and on the un i ust ; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth; we yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, aud crowning the year with Thy goodness: wepraUe Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast bestowed upon ua, filling our hearts with food ami gladness. For these aud ail Thy mercies we Uud and magnify Thy glorious Name; beseeching Thee to give unto us the increase of all spiritual gift*, the bright light of the Sun of Righteousness, ami the dew of Thy heavenly blewing; and u plant u* here in the house of the Lord, thatwe may nourish everlastingly in the courts of the house of our Uud : through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, now and for evermore. Amen. ?THK QRDKH OF THB ADMINISTRATION OF THK LOUD 8 8DPPKB. OB HOLY COMMUNION. 'Instead of the Collect for the day shall be use.l the Collect provided above for morning aud evening prayer. 'The JSpistle.— 1 Thess. v., 14 to v. 84. c, 'Tlw.Uospel.-at Matt. xiiL, 30 to v, 41; or 'he annual congregational meeting of this Church ras held on the evening of the 11th inst The astor, the Kev. James Henderson, presided, and wring opened the meeting with devotional ervices, made a few suitable remarks on the great bject of Church organization, and urged to a iligentuseof tbe means of grace established iu heir midst Thereafter reports were submitted of he various schemes and agencios of the Church, rom which it appeared that satisfactory progre»tt lad characterised all the operations of last year, jrateful reference was made to the completion ol he Manse scheme, and satisfaction was expressed hat the pastor was now in the occupation of a orafortable and commodious house, the property »f the congregation. The Treasurer submitted us balance-sheet, from which it appeared Mint luring the year there had been raised by the con gregation for missionary, benevolent, aud congie rational purposes the sura of £706 15s. 8d. Votes if thanks were very cordially accorded to several tind friends be-ondthe bounds of the congregation vho bad during the year assisted some of the ichemes of the Church. The meeting was cloned vith devotional services.— Communicated. REV. W. A. CLAXTON.— The Herald reports that on Sunday last the platform of the Kapunda Baptist Church was draped in black as a mark of respect to the late Rev. W. Claxton, formerly minister of the church. We also note that the Rev. Morgan Williams (Congregational) intends preaching on the uncertainty of life, as exemplified in this case. The pulpit of the Congregational Church was occupied by Mr. Claxton on the Sunday evening preceding his departure for Melbourne. The Geelong Adver tiser's Melbourne correspondent says:-'Death has laid his hand on a gentleman very much respected in his circle. The Rev. W. A. Claxton, Baptist minister, of South Yarra, expired at 8 o'clock this morning. The rev. gentleman formerly resided at Kapunda, South Australia, where he sought rest and relaxation after an arduous career in India. It is feared that the wife and family of the deceased have been left with very little pro vision for their support.' Adelaide Weslet/v Mutual iMraovniFNT Association.— A public lecture in connection with the above association was given by the l'cv. K. S. Casely on Friday evening, January 15, in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall. There was a good atten dance, and the Kev. A. Riga presided. Thesubject of the lecture was 'Lessons from the Life of Sir Walter Raleigh.' Tbe lecturer commenced by giving a slight sketch of the life of the great sea hero, after which he refened to some of the principal persons living ia tluxe times, and concluded liy entering more miuutely into details of the life of Kalei^h. Thelecluie, which lastej about two hours, wan listened to with great attention. The Key. J. Y. Simpson moved a vote of thanks, which was seconded by Mr. Twigg, and carried with acclamation. A collection was afterwards made, and the proceedings closed. The Prince Alfred Wesleyan College.— By the Essex, 81 days out from London, which arrived at Melbourne on Friday, January 15, and is mentioned in our telegrams published to-day, arrived Mr. Samuel Fiddian, B.A., Principal of the Prince Alfred Wesleyan College. The duties of this institution commence on Monday next, when the members of the Committee and Mr. G. W. Cotton, Secretary, will attend at the Pirie-street Lecture Hall, which is to be tempo rarily set apart for the purposes of the College, in order to receive the boys. The Revs. Messrs. Patchell and Rigg will undertake the superinten dence until Mr. Fiddian (who sails on Tuesday next by the Aldinga, and may be expected in Adelaide on Thursday) arrives. Two junior masters as we have already announced, have been ap pointed, but the general organization of matters will probably be left to Mr. Fiddian. Penola Institute.— The annual meetiug of the Institute was held in the reading-room on the evening of January 11; Mr. M. Clarke in the chair. The Hon. Secretary, Mr. T. H. Artaud, read the report for the half-year. It showed that the Institute was continuing to make great pro gress. In the library there had been a large in crease, there being now over 1,900 volumes, aud a number of first-class works by emineut authors in the different classes of literature are under order, and may be expected to arrive shortly. From the financial statement monetary matters appeared to be iu a most satisfactory condition ; me receipts for the half-year were £65 13s. 3d., which with the midsummer balance, made £llo 10s. 9d., and expenditure £78 12s., leaving a balance of £33 12^. to pay liabilities, and leave a clear balance to commence the New Year. The balance to the credit of the building fund is now £822a. 61 In addition au amount of about £115 t least £320 will be raised here for the building and, exclusive of Mr. D. Me Arthur's munificent ift of the valuable building site. Several ionations of valuable maps have been received from he Victorian and South Australian Governments, 'he officers were appointed as follows:— Presi- lent, Mr. J. itiddoch, M.P, ; Vic* Presidents, Kev. '. Don and Mr. K. McClure: Treasurer, Mr. 8. tcKenzie; Hon. Secretary, Mr. T. H. Artaud; Jonimittee— Messrs. M. Clarke, J. McDonald, B. -. Hunt, J. Playfair, A. McKeand, J. H. Mack, D. icDonald, O. Skipper. G. D. K. Plunket, E. Iromley. After complimentary votes the meeting losed. Cohfldtentabt.— On Thursday evening, 14th ranuary, after the usual business of the Albert Dent, No. 5, A.D., was concluded, the brethren sat [own in the Eechabite Hall, Beverley, to a spread, iberally provided by the C.E. of the Tent and 3.D.B. (Mr. J. T. Headdey). The gathering was or tbe purpose of welcoming Mr. K. L. Bedggood, i member of the Victorian District of Kechabites, low on a visit here. Mr. Beaddey presided, and P.D.C.R. McKinlay occupied the vice-chair. After l substantial repast had been cleared off, and rashed down with some excellent coffee, in lieu of itronger beverages, the various loyal and patriotic oasts were duly honoured, after which ' The Health of Brother Bedggood. and success to the Victorian District' waa proponed by brother Willis, supported by Secretary J. H. Kisely, and heartily received. Mr. Bedggood, in response, thanked the brethren for their warm welcome, and gave an outline of the progress of the district he repre sented. Two years ago they numbered 1,726 members; now the number was about 3,000, whilst they had 82 Tents in a flourkhing condition, the principal one in Ballarat having 300 members on the books. He also alluded to the labours of Mr. Burnett in Victoria, through whose instrumentality over 8,000 persons had been led to join the tem perance army. Various other sentiments were honoured, including the 'Albert Diuriet and Albert Tent,' 'Kindred Societies,'' and 'The Ladies,' including the 'Female Kechanites;'' and the meeting, which had been enlivened by recita tions and singing, closed with a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Headdey for their kind ness. Railway EUPLOYKS.-The annual dinner in connection with the carriage department of the South Australian Railway took place at tbe White Hart Hotel, Hindley-street, on Friday evening, January 15. The dinner was the first in connec. tion with the amalgamation of the Adelaide and Bowden Bectiona of the carriage department There were between 30 and 40 employes present Mr. J. D.Alexander occupied the chair; the vice-chair l«ing filled by Mr. W. W. SorrelL The company sat down, at about 8 o'clock, to a first-rate dinner, provided by Host White in capital style. Un the removal of the cloth, the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were given and honoured in quick succession. 'The Parliament' was proposed in temperate terms by Mr. A. S. Devenif-h. prank with chesring. Mr. Pascoe responded, eulogizing their free Con stitution, to whicb many of the benefits ebjoved by colonists were due. Mr. James James then gave 'The Army, Naw, and Volunteers' in martial terms. Mr. J. V\ hittel proposed the ccnti ment 'The Engineer-iii-L'liief and liail way Staff' in a few eulojrintie remarks. Drunk with 'For they are jolly good fellows.' The Vice-Chairman responded. Mr. Sumpsion pave in brief terms 'The Land we Live in.' Mr. H.Ox reur-mdid. The remaining toasts were 'The Press,' 'Host and Ho»u-ks,' 'Chairman,' and 'Vice-Chairman,'' which were received with enthusiasm and cordially tetponded to. The proceedings, which were enlivened w ith a number of excellent songs, conduced at a reason able hour, after a very pleasant evening had been spent. The Ska RippLK.-The Government have ddtw lined not to risk tho sending of the Sea Hippie to ie Northern Territory, in the face of tho advtrse :port of the Board of nun captains who rocently jepected her. They are nt present in treaty with Ir. Darwent the owner of the Uulnare, and if lilt srins are such as thev C:m ngrov to, that vmel will e i dispatched. In th0 event of the negotiation. , in ^n?0?.'1'161' mv°y 'chootier Fliiideta i lo be sent without uumy. The Nokthkrn Tkbritoby Pbeskbvkd Meat*. ?It s interesting to know that although the Ben -ipple hat beenunablo to stand tho test of a urine inspection, the' preserved -meat 'brought verin her from Victoria i» thoroughly smUblo ot only for the Northern Territory, but for con fers in any part of the worldr,8omeT-f this U mned according to Ititchle'a, process, hint a2? of ' Presarved in tallow.- * trial but een made of both aorta ? at Port ; 'Adelaide, nfnH1 ™Jud*.menl ol ?» concerned has bwm eSTS8.!1? 'O'.tolting Buppdcs of tho pre o^&h;?.'1^1^ lllere '?»? abundant Inillc*. PfcVlilS1? AUMR«JA» BD8HMAN-S HoMB. toJT. ' WW ''' Epeak«of Uie Btwuman'8 Srn? A A^ *ide towwd« ? ™-* needed w the LK°HbU*hmeU UP°n theKUue Ptinciplo mravagance the hard earnings of many months, wenmreiit.nd the wild orffe. in WhS alley indulge, ire too notorious. This tendency antes in-uuly, it not altogether, from the peculiarity of iheir employment They are withdrawn for a lengthened period from every form of social enjoyment They lose Horn diiuse the power of. jo to speak, measuring their wants, and those habits of self-control which even the worst of thoso jrhohvaamong their fellow-men Insemubly acquire, rney have no opportunity of spending their w««o«. t »nd therefore never diaw them. At length thpf uinocomesforaipoll. An ignorant, simple man 1 irith plenty of money, with tho higher want* of hi* r nature undeveloped or repr«M»ed, eager for enjoy ment, yet not knowing what enjoyment is, and ut» yerecd in tho practices of social life, sets out upon his travels. VV hut he does when he roadies tow n. and what becomes of his money, and who profit by »t, the police reports luiUcienUy lecord. Very fre quently, however, he U not allowed to proceed so Ur. ihe ocul grog-shop u on tho lookout and tho poor fellow finds that he can huvu the ideosuro of being hocus*ed and roblicd without gown to Melbourne or Adelaide for these enjoyments. It ha« been wel observed that the condition* of bunk abour resemble in nwuy rexpoctt those of RtafHriiiK .«., ».,« Mm, as ejpurieuco nan unown lliat llio Mlor needs peculiar care, n similar experienco omts to a similar result for tho poor biuhnian. he success too, of Sailor*' Howe* has encouraged ne philanthropic gentlemen who have inaugurated his movement in Adelaide to try iu the prevent a8e the eneet. of a corresponding remedy. We uarn with pleasure that the plan lias leceived tho rarm support belli of employum and of buuhuieit. is time that some uica un;« bhuuld be tuken. not nly to improve the condition of u UBeful body of leu, but lo check the encouragement which tlivlr nukiiwis gives to thieves and prostitutes, and ;oreo still, the keeper* of low pubiie-luiuscs. Wo hall enectunlly prune the luxuriance of iIichu icious parasites of thegreutsociul tree by depriving hem of one. large aourco of their present nutn* aent.1' Tuk Pbovinoui. Gas Company's Opibation* -Un Wcdnebday morning we (Kapunda. Ikwld) aid a visit of inspection to tho works of tho l'ro incial Gas Company, now In progress for the nanufacture of the gas for lichtius Kapunda. We iced hardly inform our readen that tlio uito ecured by the ('oinpany is a most eligible one. ieing about an acre and a quarter in extent niul ituate in immediate contiguity to tho railway tation. The first portion of trie work uuderlakeu vas the excavation of the tank, which was com nenced on the 17th September. There have beeu lelays irum various causes, but all the wotks utu iow pretty well advanced. Immediately adjoining ,ho railway, ROthut coals may he unloaded therein rom the trucks, is the coal house, which ii 2 1 feet square, adjoining which ia the rutotthou»e, 25 feet jy 2U, the next buiKilng being the conileiiktiiK ind purifying shed, £6 feut (i inches by 12. Ihe liieter-house. 19 feet by 11 feet, is also iucludeU in the burnt) block of liuildumx, which is rupidly approaching completion. At aHhortdixlnnct) rt'Si wraidiB the gasometer tank, i-iiich in very Htrongly mid well built, the diameter lieitiglU feet tl by II leet deep. There is also on thu ((round a neut two roomed cottage, intended a* a dwelling fur tho man in charge of thu wurta. This is already com uleted, and will soon bo tenanted. It is Intendeil Lliat the whole of thu site xlmll eventually ho enclosed by u wnll seven leet iu height. Wo might mention that tho works arc being carried on under ihe local supervision of Mr. h. V. HutiKon, Mr. J'. McLaren U;na the contractor, iind wo believe that when they are completed it will be found tint the cost will have been within the eHtimaied amount Iu the course of about a fortnight the workB forthia township will bo completed as far aa practicable before tho arrival of tho plant from home, which has already been ordered some months, so that by June we may have gas available. Mr. Gebbabd'8 Stub.— By the Coorong on Thursday night January 14, arrived Mr. Ucrrard'a well-known trainer Jordan, bringing with him tw-» mares who recently attended the Aoe of Clubs Icreo at MaribvrnouK. One of these is anoldacquaintuice-. Ueraliu, who it wi'l be remombered broke down before the last Rreut Cup race in Victoria. Undet her present management she is likely to make a name for herself as a splendid breeding mare it In uo other capacity. The other ia a ToucIibioho mare, Urdeal, a very valuable animal. Theyuro both ut the Napoleon Buonaparte staulen ut prevent, where, no doubt, many Interested iu horse-breeding, will pay their viiit of Inspection. Tub Acs of Clubs,-' Little,' anys 'Play- boy' in the Australasian, 'did I think, when recording last week the bucccbs of one of the Ace of Club'* youngsters tn England, that I would now have to inform jour readers of the death of thut noble hone himself. It stems that he had I ecu subject to attacks of constipation in tho bowels, and that on Friday night hut he was again tukeu unwell. Mr. Miscainble, the veterinary, uud Jordan, who has charge of him, wore in cluoo attendance up to the taut, but inflammation set iu, and he died on Monday afternoon. This Is not only » great Ions to Mr. Gcrrard, of South Aux tralia, but to the country aa well. Lvery one who had seen the Ace of Clubs could not hulp being struck with his great quality, apd grand general appearance, lie waa a ion of that king ol stalliouB. stockwell, and it waa almoat universally acknow ledged that we had never Men hia like before in these colonies. There are a few of the Ace's foals this year in South Auilralia, and report HpuukB very highly of them. It n some consolation to know that this truly-magnifluent hone had just completed a very succeMful season ut Maribjr nong, haying hod between 40 and CO of perhaps tho best and highest bred duine* in the country ut hia Bhokkn Poix-On Friday morning at a cab l« tnging to Mr. Buttle was coming away from the townraent Offices, where it had taken His Kx slleucy, and when opposite the Clarence, Mr. J. I. Driver, of St. Bernard's, Magill, In a vehicle ccupied by himself and a lad, managed to come ito collision, the result being that the pole ot the abwM broken, lut happily no other injury wua \m utained. It teems that by some means Mr. m (river b reins had got crowed, and before he could ut them right hia hone liad run the vehicle into no cab. THEATBIOAL-The following notes roapecting beatrical and musical perfumers with wbeme ismes, and, in many matancen, abilities, South lustraliana are familiar, an culled f rom th» yl u« ralasian. Madame Celeste is creating quite u enaatiou in the English provii cer, where oho is ilaying her farewell to the Huge. Mr. Charles Mllon, with Mr. C. W. Barry, is just terminating n engagement in Scotland. Lady Dou hai Utely ippearedat the Theatre lioyal, Edinburgh. Mis* Jarry Nelson has recovered from a atvete llness, and met with an enthusiastic wel tome at the Queen's Theatre, Dublin. 'Mr. rames Anderson, who. haa been in Lonikiu or some time anxiously waiting to be 'ru*W by Hanagers to aecure his invaluable icrvicM, hns at ast found hit level. Tbe »ot»t follower of thu Uacready school, without a tithe of tho talent powewedby, but aping the iU«c- rehearsal pecu liarities of that clever actor, his temper soured because the world of London ui«i nut rccogniio Ua' undoubted Utaita.' Air. AmlciMiu liua at lot* determined to leave hii own Mivrateful country and settle in New Vork, for which place he was to. leave England in .November. W but a treat for th» liowery Boys, who believe in luima of kailiUMmd blood and thunder buftineu*.' Mcimb. Washings ion Norton aud Chan. Stteie (Cliriitys) have jutt reached the Cape fiom England, ,and MViicen, 5fllHre?Aved-«,'i*Ied-vLy»1ler.antl Mlw Minnio Walton (Mit. F. Lyater) arrived ut Sun Francucu \ toojo week or two back. Mr. Utter, It is Bind, acting for his brother, William LyMer, mado Madame Parepa an oner to visit Auttnlut, but the difference between the terrnt offered and demanded waa »o great that the negotiations ended almost aa soon aa begun. Not being able lo arrange for a visit to Australia, Madame Parepa boa determined to return overland to New Voile. About tho middle of October ihe will commence a concert tour through the ulterior, visiting Bin Jose Stock ton, Sacramento, Marysville, Unui Vulley, Ijevada, and Virginia City, aud from thence for 1 New York, stopping at Salt Lake, en route. Fiom this opera company the greatest expectations weie raised, but the least realized. When Lyster arrives with bis company Le will probably have to carry on on his own account aa Maguiro ha* been severely hurt in his last operatic spec. Miwet Emma and Clelia Uowson are establishing themselves as favorites with the San Franciscan*. Jefferson is playing a farewell round in America prior to reviiting tngland. A new anpirant for colonial favours will »hortly arrive in Melbourne. Mr. Henry Talbot, a tragedian of aome repute ia the English provinces, and who a few teutons back played a shoit engagement' at Drmy-lane Theatre, was announced to tail in the Lincolnshire on theJM Ih cember. A letter, which hai been received in Melbourne from a well-known come dian, speaks in glowing terms of Mr. lalbot's abilities, and rtatea that the latter gentleman's assumption of 8ir Pertinax Macsycopbant U second only to Mr. Phelp's.' Newcastle ju»d Maitland Dkeotoby.— Wo have received from the Adelaide publishers, blnm. C. Platts & Co., the above work, which, at au extremely low price, is calculated to be of great use to persons interested in these towns and the Hunter Kiver Dibtrict generally. In addition lo ImainesH, iiostal, customs, conveyance, statistical. Pariiumeutary, and other information found iu this class of Ruide-books and directories, there U a clear and well got up map of the hurbour of New castle, accompanied by sailing direction*, and the signals used in a number of ports. The work ia certainly an instance of multum in parvo, and la » higbty creditable publication. 