THE JACOBITE LADIES" 03? MU11RAYSHALL. | (Erom tho Cornhill) ¡SOME years since there livod, in an old Scottish farm- house, three maiden ladies-Miss Marion, Misa Jenny, and Miss Lily W-. Their father, a staunch Jacobite, had been a lawyer in Edinburgh, Upon his death they had found a home in the house of their ,brother, -whose political opinions also favoured the Stuart cause. In their brighter days the family poa 'f essed a comfortable little estate-the SUnds-on the 'banks of the Portli; but, after the troubles of " tho '45," Mr. "W-the younger had been oboervod to retire with his excellent wife and larga family of sons and daughters to Murrayshall farm, and had accepted the post of factor or land-steward to his relation, the Laird of P-, from -whom he rented the farm on a long lease. In time, certain of hil daughters married, -while his tons pushed their _ fortunes in different ways-in trade, in medicine, and in other honourable callings ; tho church, the ormy, the navy, the law, being closed professions to them, since they could not conscienti- ously take the oath of allegiance to the House of llanover. Mr. W--'a income -was very small when lie fettled at Murrayshall-so small that people in our luxurious days would regard his condition as one of real_ poverty. But although there was much self denial, there was certainly no want in that picturesque farmhouse. Mr. "\V-reared his family creditably, gave ti home to his maiden sisters, and supplied shelter and hospitality to many another friend and relative. Years went past. Miss Morion and her two sisters were at length left alone at Murrayshall with their old aunt Katherine, who was bedridden. The three sisters alternately sat up with the invalid each night, and amused their horns of watching by writing novels : productions which have i r> mained unpublished, however. Miss Jenuj o novel - "The Earl of Tankerville" - a senti- mental romance of the old school, was gene- rally regarded us the best of the sisters' stories. E\,ery night poor Mrs. Katharine enjoyed her glass of whisky toddy-there was no sherry or port-wine negus for invalids of limited means in those days and then the youthful nephews and nieces, Borne of whom were generally staying at Murrayshall, were admitted to her chamber to say good night and to receive their grand-aunt's blessing. Much some of them wondered when ehe Tehearsea her nightly lift of toasts-the healths respectively of all at home, of such members of tho family OB were in foreign parts, and, last, not leaBt, of him-" Over the water." Aunt Katharine died-the children grew up, married, and settled-their children gathered round the homc [ hearth of Murrayshall, and listened with eager faceB and loving hearts to the old-world stories of their 'good grand-aunts, Miss Marion, Miss Jenny, and Miss 1 Lily. It was a home to love and remember, with its quaint nooks and corners, where, among other strange relics of a bygone age, childish eyes looked with wonder on hoops and high-heeled shoes ; with its caster and wester garrets and w ide ghost-like attic lobby, where dark mahogany double chests of drawers ¡with elaborate brass handles found ample space ; its siiting>room, so throughly comfortable, yet so simple, with treasures of rare booka and old pictures ; its ,best bedroom, whose chief ornament was the back of ?an old chair hung against the wall-a sacred chair, 'for had not Prince Charles Edward sat in it ?-its stone-floored aigh (low room-once the lady's 'chamber, where more than one Laird of P-first saw the light,-it was the only gloomy room in the houBO, and was afterwards abandoned to the servants,-and its garden, with broad grassy v.\ oiks, gnarled apple and pear trees, fragrant damask and York and Lancaster roses, beds of homely vege- tables bordered by bright old-fashioned flowers, and walls clustered over with the white Prince Charlie rose, honeysuckle, and spreading currant bushes. In the morning, it was pleasant to hear the clamour of the jackdaws which built among the ivy-covered crags close by ; while house and sheep dogs barked in chorus, and the geese, as they ran with expanded wings from the farmyard down to the willow-bordered pond under the shadow of the rock, sent forth their wild jubilant cries, all multiplied and echoed back in a strange ringing clang. < I Pleasant WBB it, too, in the evening -when the daws, with their resounding though monotonous " caw caw," came home to their sheltered neBtB ; the sleek kine from the clover pastures, and the patient plough-horses from their toil in the furrowed fields. Then, as darkness came on, how brightly shone out the stars watched for as familiar friends by many an linmate of that lonely house, who could point out Arctuius and his sons to wondering little ones, or teach them where to look for the sword and belt of great Orion. There was always " rough, plenty," with a hearty welcome, at MurrayBhall. No fancy dairy, but a plain milk-house, where large bowens (round flat iron- hooped wooden basins) threw up the richest cream, and stores of cheeses lined the shelves. The butter was the yellowest, the eggs the largest in the country-side; both fetched good prices at the market town of Stirling. Orphan and invalid youthful relatives alike found a home and tender care at Murrayshall. The sad hearted became cheery, the sickly became strong. Old friends-maiden ladies and widows, with or without a pittance-were honoured guests at the primitive farmhouse. The Episcopalian clergy and their families were -very welcome there ; and welcome, too, were those of other denominations. The poor iwere cared for, no matter what their creed; the sick were nursed; the troubled in heart or spirit were helped and comforted. The moat stiff-necked Cameronian ceuld hardly look grim, though the Muriayehall ladies, in antique silk gowns, short ruffled sleeves and long black mittens, drove past him on Palm Sunday, on their .woy to "the Chapel," with a bit of palm-willow in their hands. Had not Miss Jenny taken calf's-foot jelly and mutton broth to his sick child only a few weeks before f And had not Miss Marion knitted a warm woollen crayat for the invalid boy with her own hands f There were great gatherings in that old house at Christmas time : friends and relatives, long parted, met again at board and hearth. There was also a feast in the kitchen, not only for the servants of the house, but for the cottagers and humble neighours of the district. There WBB no stint of roast-meat, short- bread and Scotch bun, and the lowlier guests were not permitted to return to their homes empty-handed. Certain of the more privileged housewives were takon , upstair to see " the ladies, who thoroughly interested themselves in promoting the happiness of all. Above Btairs there were games, muBie, and cheery talk among the young folk, while the old people enjoyed many rubbers ot whist. Miss Marion, with her shrewd common sense and kindly disposition, was the mainstay of the house. (She was lame, unfortunately, and BO remained much at home, spinning, plying her needle, and writiug letters. MÍBB Jenny had been, it was said, a great beauty in her youth, and, indeed, was beautiful in old age. She possessed literary tastes, and superin- tended the education of the many young people who were frequently gathered under the roof-tree of Munajshall. Miss Lily was the housekeeper of the establishment, and famous for her preserves and currant wine. The servants were quite fixtures ; they were regarded as a part of the family, and shared ever both its joys and sorrows. Mies Marion died at a great age in 1821. Miss Jenny, though much her junior, followed her sister to the grave, in the great snow-storm of Febru- ary, 1823. Miss Lily was then left alone with two elderly nieces, Miss Fhemie and Miss Mary, who took charge of the household when their aunt became incapacitated by age and infirmity. But she was only old in years, not in heart. Ihose who frequented Murrayshall cannot readily forget the good old lady in her simple cap, her homely gown crossed in front over the clear white muBlin kerchief, and n small Indian shawl thrown over hex shoulders. In winter her chair was drawn close to the fire; in the summer her place was at a sunny window where the bees hummed among the honeysuckle and the birds cheered her with their song. Her knitting basket and snuff-box lay beside her Bible on the broad window-ledge. She worked wonderfully for so old a woman. In her youth she had elaborately embroidered more than one gown, by always taking advantage of the odd ten minutes which so many of us let Blip post, because they are only ten minutes. Kind, simple, and charitable as were the ladies of Murrayehall, party spirit, though not affecting their intercourse with their poorer neighbours, most cer- tainly influenced their relntions with the magnates of the county.' Far closer WBB the intimaoy kept up with Episcopalian and Jacobite families than with those who, besides being Presbyteriuns, had been staunch in their adherence to the Hanoverian succession. When visited by any of the latter class, more state and ceremony were observable in the bearing of the good ladies. The conversation was more guarded on both sides, in the courteous anxiety of each party not to offend the other's prejudices. Many a well-appointed equipage slowly ascended the steep richly wooded byroad dignified by the name of avenue, and drew up in the yard or court at the low massive door, the chief entrance to the house. The Laird of C-, who had fought when a boy at Minden, returned to Scotland in 1827, a grand looking old man of eighty, after a strange chequered life spent more on the Continent than in his native country. Ho deemed it right to call and pay his respects nt Mu'iayEhall, and waa duly ushered into the quaint^ parlour, delicately scented with rosos, which in summer filled every flowers ase in the room, whilti through the open casement came the odour of mignonette from the boxes on the window-sills. As MÍBB Lily, then over 90 but in the full possession of her faculties, rose to meet him, he stepped forward with the alacrity of l8, and all the grace of la vieille cour, and astounded the sédate old dame by saluting her in tho French fashion vvith a gentle kiss on each chrek. Sho hore the greeting, however, with more apparent equanimity than dill her niece, Miss Phemie, who was scandalised and indignant that the head of a strict Presbyterian family, faithful to the reignini; dynasty, and himself, it might be, a disciple of Voltaire, should have presumed to take so great a liberty. She could scarcely conceal her displeasure i till the fascinating manner and conversation of the stately old laird riveted all her attention, and even called forth her reluctant admiration. An excellent woman in many ways, Miss Phemie was, perhaps, somewhat wanting in suavity, and apt to be a little bitter at tjroes. In a lonely spot not far from Murrayshall, and on the same estate, there had once stood a very small old ' Episcopalian chapel j but when half in ruinB, it had been pulled down by the laid of P-. Some of the stoneB were even taken to build a wall or cottage. To this, in Miss Phemie's eyes, most sacrilegious act, was it owing, OB a judgment from Heaven, that the I eldest son or the man by whose orders the consecrated ¡ building had been removed, was left childless, and the | broad lands of F -'?-. were destined to pass to the i younger branch of the family ; while the humbler I folks who had made use of the sacred stones never, j "pi-ording to Miss Phemie, throve afterwards. j.i-i ' . lv, were she now living, the impetuous lady i would lenard the recent humiliation of the Kingdom j of Hanover as a striking judgment on its royal race j for the Electoi's old usurpation of the Stuart throne. Near where the old chapel had stood was a humble farmhouse, the tenant of which once invited the ' ladies of Murraj-Bhall, ond the young people residing .with them, to drink tea. Among the young people t were some English nieces, who, under the protection . of their mother, a clever, strict, and somewhat formal matron, accompanied their Scotch cousins to the rural merry-miking. After a ceremonious meal, a1, which ample justice was done to the fresh-baked cookies and well-buttered flour Boones which graced the board, a certain BtiffneBS which had hitherto prevoiled, wore off-the sound of a violin was heard, and the young folks were invited to dance. As they flew with spirit through the intricate Scotch reel, the host, seeing the Southern lady sitting alone, looking less | severe and unbending as she watched the pleased faces around her, suddenly walked up to her and offered himself as a partner for the next dance. On , her civil but very decided refusal, he said, solemnly, ¡"lbeg your pardon, mern, for maybe ye dinna ap- prove o' promiscuous dancing among the sexes." Of a winter's evening, when the family were j gathered round the lire, who«e cheery crackle, with ¡the ticking of the clock and soughing of the wind, , were the only sounds heard, one of the Murrayshall ! ladies in a low clear voice would relate to a youthful audience some of her Jacobite reminiscences. The mother of the sisters was a Haldane-a scion of I the Lanrick family, so long devoted to the House of 'Stuart. After the '-15, when the Duke of Cumber- _ 'land quartered a body of his soldiers at Lanrick, the' ladies of the family were restricted to certain room1;, 'while in the corridor without a sentinel kept guard. ' 'It was a period of grave danger and trouble-the ¿fugitive Lanrick gentlemen were hiding in the [neighbourhood. One day Miss Janet Haldane, the laird's sister, went to walk in the grounds with some of her young people, leaving her little niece Cissy in the house.' As Miss Janet on her return passed the soldier in the corridor, he said to her in a low voice, without changing a muscle of his countenance or seeming to address her, " Do not let that child be left alone again. Had she shown another what she has shown to me, it would have brought you into trouble." On questioning the little child she told her aunt with great glee how she had asked the soldier to go into their bedroom that she might show him their funny store cupboard. Then lifting up the valance of the oaken bedstead, she called his attention to a number of cheeses which were stowed there-provender that was to be conveyed gradually at night by trusty hands to the men of the family in the place of their concealment. i A brother of the three sisters, at that time a little boy, made friends with the Büke's officer, who was in charge of Lanrick. William-had a handsome ¡Bilver fork and spoon which had been given him by his godfather. He showed it with a childish pride to Captain ---, who admired it BO much that, spite of 'the boy's indignant grief, he appropriated it, thinking ihimBclf, no doubt, quite entitled to Jacobite spoils. I YearB after, when William W-was a merchant in London, he overheard an old red-faced military man talking pompously, at a large dinner-party, of the jScotch campaign, and mentioning the fork and spoon episode as having heard it from another person, who evidently considered the whole affair a good joke. ¡William W -- got up, crossed over t» the officer, and, presenting his card, said quietly-" You are the man, sir, and I am the boy." j It was dark and late one night when the Lanrick ¡and Annet men met in conclave at the neighbouring manor-house of Annet. Suddenly they were dis- turbed. There was loud knocking at the door. A 'troop of soldiers occupied the court-yard, and an English officer demanded entrance in King George's .name. . The Jacobites had little time for thought.. Escape ¡at the moment seemed impossible. The lights were ¡extinguished, however, and the conspirators quietly 'ensconced themselves behind a row of long greatcoats and cloaks hanging from pegs in a deep recess caused ¡by the turn of the staircase. Miss Peggy Stuart, the 'elder daughter of the house, told her sister Annie to 'keep quiet in the parlour upstairs and not to stir on any account, whatever happened. Peggy, waving back the servants, then opened the door herself, and (informing the officer there were only " lone women " ¡at home, begged he would leave his men outside and ¡come and search the house himself. Major -- icoutteoufily granted her request, apologising for intruding "at such an untimely hour. Peggy led him upstairs, telling him the steps were worn and bad, land begging him to be careful how he advanced. At the turn of the staiicase she redoubled her attention, 'holding the candle very low, so that the steps might be more distinctly Been. The cloaks, the greatcoats, and the hidden men were left behind, the officer acrain apologising for the trouble he gave. After ascending a few more stepB, Peggy stumbled, gave a loud shriek", the condlestiik fell from her hand, and they were left in utter darkness. "Bring a light, Annie-for heaven's sake bring a light ! " And Peggy groaned as if in agony. " Why don't you bring a light, Annie? " she exclaimed again., And then explaining to Major - that her sister was very deaf, she directed him to the parlour on the upper landing, whence he soon emerged followed by Annie with a lamp in her hand. The officer and Annie assisted Peggy to the parlour sofa, where she bitterly bemoaned her sprained ankle, and acted an effective little fainting scene. After due attention and condo- lence, the Major, conducted by Annie, made diligent but fruitless search all over the house. By this time, indeed, the Jacobite gentlemen had fully availed themselves of Miss Peggy's diversion in their favour, and had escaped by n back window. Quickly they put the wild muir and the Tod's glen between them and the house of Annet. Miss Lily was in her ninety-third year when she was taken away in March, 1829. After her death there was a great sale of the antique furniture and household treasures of Murrayshall. The cattle and poultry went to other owners. The farm was re-let-strange footsteps passed up and down the old staircase, strange voices echoed through the rooms. Poor people and little children looked wist- fully up at the small- paned windows. Old friends turned away sorrowfully from the deserted house. The craggy furze-elad rock and the Scotch firtrees seem to cast a deeper shadow on the old house since that dreary morning, long years ago, when the last of the Jacobite ladies was carried forth to her resting place in the churchyard of St. Ninian. " MAGNA BBT VERITAS ET PBXVALEDIT."-Mr. Maekell, in his "History of the Martin Marprelate Con- troversy" (London, 1815), gives an amusing instance of this quotation :-"At a meeting some four years ago, in Southampton, the reverend ' the Deputation from the Parent Society ' made a long and wonderful speeeh, to the admiration of the ladies present. He concluded in a sonorous voice, and with an energetic wave of his hand, that called down applause-' Magna est veritas et prajvalebit.' A clergyman there could not resist a pun-whether his audience would be alive to it was another matter ; but he rose, and hating complimented the reverend ' the Deputation ' upon his eloauence, begged to say that ' he was Borry to differ from him, but he could not help believing that truth would not merely prevail a bit, but that it would prevail a great deal.' "-Notes and Queries. Lord Mayo has, at his own expense, it seems, sent an elephant to the Dublin [Zoological Gardens, 