THE EVIDENCE OF THE REV. M* J. DWYER BEFORE THE CON SPIRACY COMMITTEE. We publish to-day the whole of the eyi-i dence given by the Rev. M. J. Dwyer to the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the alleged existence, in this colonyj of a treasonable conspiracy for the assas- . sination of the Duke of Edinburgh. The evidence relates exclusively to O'Farrelly and presents us with a verj vivid and in-.; tellis;ible picture of the disposition and general behaviour of that unhappy man whilst he was in prison. From it, better than from any other evidence known to the public, can be formed a just idea of the criminal's state of mind before and after he assaulted the Prince. With respect to the supposed conspiracy, Father Dwyer could give no information further than ..' that gleaned from his conversations with; O'Farrell, so the main interest of his evi :dence is centred in the verbal photograph ', it presents of the wretched enthusiast's ! state of mind. Even this much will suf fice to direct our readers' serious attention. - to Father John's words, and will induce' them to attach great importance to Ms.',,, opinions as to the moral responsibility of '.'?'.'. the criminal. We must draw a very wide '? '-? distinction between the conversations ' O'Farrell had with the Chaplain of the gaol, and the interviews he had with Mr. Parkes. Father Dwyer was a Minister of God, * messenger of peace and repentance, one who looked not upon the enormity of the mis guided man's offence but on the state of, -; his immortal soul, one who sought not the cruel vengeance that men here call justice, but sought to reconcile an erring sinner '''. to his Almighty Judged, In his mind,, there was no angry passion towards O'Far- ? rell, there were only charity and compas sion; he looked not upon him with the.'i /', blood-shot eyes of political, hate j.ih^hun*'-^ gered not for the- gallows, but treated. -??? : the /unhappy monomaniac with kindness^i.'1 and consideration. - On the other 'li^'ntl1.1 '}.'''. Mr. Parkes was- a ';' crafty:1 and a, subti^'';.!'; man, who hactto inakVlijs living; amid the'; .ii- schemes and intrigues of political Jife,-who;;;'i; tregarded the ' -upro' tec-ted- 'prisoner' 'as : an in- '] ,' / strument wherewith he ^rnight the move ?// ? 'firmly seat' hinaself'/in /power, . who had, i doomed him to, an ignominious end and ' who would hare 'Shrieked out against any '.'/,, .attempt to jrescue him/ from it. Jffrv. ':.'?, Parkes Was a maii whp/.could hour^ afiei .-.^ ?hour 'wring, and , tprture i the - wretched; ;a:L? O^Farrell with .skilfully 'W^rde^^^uest&ri;^^. .^^ ! ' ijxjt tho/hopo' of e±to'^n^^^Lrih;m'.: soi^/ J ,'. \ .that augfct 1&& to the cfocbreiy of cafr- '?'.-- r ^'federates. Mr. ParkesV)had\,iii^'Ms.:;.pwn. ': tands the apportioning of rewards for the ;. arrest of these suppositions confederates, . and if he could wring from the criminal information sufficiently precise to enable him to. lay hands on them, the member for Kiama could reward Mr. Parkes very : handsomely out of the public coffers. This \- gentleman may be very high- minded, but still five or six thousand pounds or so are not altogether destitute of attractions for -? him. We should very much like to know if Mr. Parkes told O'Farrell, in the course ; of those very interesting conversations, ithat, although a Colonial Secretary, he had condescended to play the detective ? and, in company with sevei'al inferior fel ,lows, rammaged his (O'Earrell's) private \ effects. Whab would the ill-fated man think of his philosophical inquisitor then ? '??? Father Dwyer first saw the prisoner on : 13th March, the day following the attack on the Duke. This interview was not a long one, it only lasted half-an-hour, and we are -not told what transpired during it. Short as the time was since the commis sion of the wicked deed, Mr. Parkes had begun to organize his plans and carry them ?into effect. On the very next day the Chaplain by express order of the Colonial Secretary was refused permission to see the .prisoner. For this strange proceeding ,the Sheriff gave some rather philosophical 'reasons. The Government knew, this high ^official said, that human nature would prompt O'Farrell to unburden his mind to somebody, and it was suspected that if Father Dwyer were allowed unrestricted communication with the prisoner, he would become the incipient of the un happy man's confidence, and the Govern ment would thereby lose probably very valuable information. Mr. Parkes, whose loyalty is beyond doubt, and whom nature has endowed with all the gifts necessary for a first class informer, before whom, in deed, Jemmy O'Brien or Corydon would appear insignificant, heroically imposed upon himself the task of ferreting out the requisite revelations. It was plainly to effect this purpose that the ever memorable, conversations with O'Farrell were held, and that prince of reporters, Mr. Samuel Cook, was so cleverly posted behind the door. There can be no question that Mr. Parkes got a most surprising quantity of information out of the criminal, but un luckily it was hardly so trustworthy as it was gratifying. The revelations which the member for Kiama succeeded in bring ing to light were highly sensational, and that exactly in proportion as they were incredible. O'Farrell needed no ghost, from Kiama or elsewhere, to tell him that it could not be^from friendly, or even com passionate, motives towards him, that Mr. Henry Parkes visited him, he became sus picious, he perceived that the Colonial Sec retary was attempting to extoit evidence to criminate other people, and he cooly inven ted a tissue of falsehoods framed so as to be readily swallowed by his credulous in j terrogator. In fine, as Father John I familiarly put it, O'Farrell ' strung' the | member for Kiama, an operation which \ we fear may have to be repeated some day \ by a certain functionary, unless Mr. ! % Parkes takes to honester courses in his | political career, and lays his deep-rooted I prejudices aside. I The Rev. Father Dwyer did not again I see O'Farrell until the evening of 1st I - Aprilj that was the day subsequent to his I eonclemnation, when the loyal fears that ; 1 the.' guilty man might escape the gallows 1 liad been finally set at rest. From the I] moment he- was first permitted to see I O'Farrell the Chaplain judged him to be a E wild , enthusiast, a monomaniac in ? fact, ft and, lie conversed with, and treated, him as p auch. Of course .' his first endeavour' was I ta gain O'Farrell's confidence, to do away , II with his suspicions by manifesting that || his only design was to.adininister the sweet | consolations of religion and to restore the |i peace of a disordered mind. The unhappy |i man was morbidly sensitive, for some days I he treated Father John much as he did % Mr. Parkes, and retailed for his benefit I the absurd and chimerical tales which the 1 last named gentleman 'devoured so greedily. 1 But God in his infinite mercy was woi-king 1 * miraculous change ? in. the heart 1 +1 the doomed tnan, the religious I training which he had received in his 1 youth and which, he had so griev6usly for 1 $9^.n, wa8 assertiiig'itself;a'nd; conquering I the evil spirit, that' awelt:^h^.,k^reast.; H Qa. the 'Wednseclaj previous to his exQeuf |: tiQQ, Father Joba tells ns- bet became au I altered being. He '/declared he had been playing the fool long enough, that his time on earth was short, and that he would therefore turn his attention to the things of a -better world. From that moment until he was flung into the presence of his Maker he was thoroughly and sincerely repentant, and showed every disposition to make whatever reparation was in his powei\ To those who understand the feelings of a Catholic penitent, one who is preparing for the reception of his Redeemer, there is no need to explain the sacred respect for truth that guides every word under these circumstances. It is just possible, and no more, to conceive a man sacrilegious enough to deceive his con fessor. From the contemplation of such profanity the Catholic mind instinctively revolts. Only a man utterly forgetful of all religious obligations, who has lead a life of continual crime and wickedness, and who deliberately intends to appear before his last Judge with a lie on his lips, could by any possibility be guilty of such iniquity. O'Farrell was not such a 'man as that, beyond his assault on the Prince which, though bad enough, was only a single occurrence,' if has not . been proved that he was . ever guilty of any crime. Accordingly we place implicit reliance on the statements he made to Father Dwyer after that Wednes day. When we know that vague rumours, and anonymous letters,' are the only evi dence contradictory of these statements, and that every ascertained fact goes to corroborate them, there can hardly be any necessity for mentioning to which side' we lend our credence. It would be wilful per versity of judgment alone that could lead any man to doubt O'Farrell's truthful ness. In the draft of his last declaration there occurred a sentence, which Father John, rather indiscreetly we think}' ,re ; quested O'Farrell to erase, and it was to this effect — he ?? called upon those who sympathised with him, by. all they held dear not to take revenge for his execution. Some people affect to regard this sentence as proof positive that the criminal had: as sociates and accomplices. We differ very widely from that conclusion. ; In our opinion the words are only a relic of O'Farrell's monomania, he fancied in his disordeied brain that he 'had made a hero of himself, and that the Irish people would couple his name with those of Allen, Lar kin and O'Brien, and his morbid self esteem made him pen these lines. He may have honestly thought that his. conn trymen would make retaliation, for his death. As for Fenianism in this colony we believe that -, O'Farrell knew, as little about it as any of the Syd ney detectives. He had the same ex aggerated, or rather completely unfoun ded, idea of its existence and the same ignorance of its policy. Probably he, may have met in his wauderings many Irish men who sympathize -with1 'the object the Fenians have in view, the restoration of Ireland to the position of an indepen dent nation with a Republican form of Government, but he. never met a Fenian, or any number of persons prepared to aid them in any overt way. 