THE RE W TARIFF. [From Tuesday's AdvertUer.] H-flie Treasurer expected to obtain atoy sympathy or support' for his new tariff from the' outside public he must be wofully disappointed. Though since he made bis budget speech nothing -else has been thought of or talked about, no one appears to have a single word to say in favor of the new scheme of taxation. It is condemned in principle and in detail. It is characterised as being 'inequitable and unjust,' disastrous in its general .effects upon the colony, and especially jupori the trade of the South-Eastern Pistrict .;' as *' obstructive. to business, unequal in its bperatipri, arid most pp pressive to that portion of the com ^linity least *ble to ^eaSr^ it^. and ^W Gbyernment .are informed that anyfr&ciipised; l^tiratipn in' tHe present depressed -condition of the colpny : is; 'highly inexpedient.: JFpr the tariff as it is proposed, -not » Bingle good1 word has been spoken outside of Ministerial circles. '1 It is condemned by the working classes, by the merchants and bankers, by the squatters; 'and farmers,' while not one argument has beBn p^ for^a^.in its favor. The meeting^at the Hotel Europe was loud in its (Mjridemnation., Though there.Was agpbd-hiraaored interchange of. pleasant .. personalities between spine of the speakers and the audience, there was no mistaking the feeling of the meeting as a whole— it was dead against- the tariff. The special meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was more largely , attended than the m^tings-»f thatimpprlant body usually«re,and tiie speaking was of amuch higher order than is usually displayed/' Every resolution- was condemnatory of the principles a^cl Retails of .the financial scheme,, -every Bppiacibl cut it, up, root arid : branch, , and every nwtipn was carried unanimously. Representative men : like Messrs. Tarlton; R. B. Sniith, J. Howard Clark, Tomkinson, Barrow7, Townsend, and Storrie,-air^greed in two things— r first, that thisis riot the time to increase the taxation of tile colpny; and, seebndly, if it were, tihe jscheme of th^ Trea-urer was - uiiiust; unequal; And inexpedient. Mr -^ Ton\kin3Bori ran over wtherproposed .(eipenaiturefpr next year, as indicated in i&s; , Bstima|wi, ^id tfibd: $6 show' that, wi&but; serious detiamerit to the public interests, a saving of some £82,000 might be ^effected. In the cost of the Legisla ture he would out; down -the £600 for the Horary, retrench the expenditure on the] Caterers establishment, and in these and^ other ways save £3,000 on the Legisla tive expenses. In the Post- Office De partment, he wouldrsaveythecbsfcof .th£j branch service to King George's Sound ; in the grant for education, he .would ffipek off £20,000 ; ffsBin cliaritable insti- \ tutipris, £5,000 ; droj »v ^he volunteers for a year or two ; save £2,0^0 iu flie Supreme Court expenses ; -£3$e0O In the Registrarj of Deeds Depattmehtj £2-500 «n- thej votes for aborrginfes; £7^500 .for thb] Survey Deparfcmerit ; and several items! proposed under the head of 'Miscel-i laneoiis.' fiiall, he «ouid save £82,000.] Mr. Tomkirison admitted that some of his propositions were xather' startling, : but they were not more so than the pro-; posal of the Government to increase the taxation to such a serious extent 'and in such a questionable manner. Of course : we do' nptf endorse all that Mr. Tomkin son said on this subject ; but ttn.dpubted3fjr the principle he contends for ib the right! one^-to reduce ^expenditure ; . rather thaoj to increase taxation. Had; the 'country been in' a moderately prosperous condi tion at the jpreseiiti time, or lifcely tpbesp during tiie next,year or -twp, wb . might! have borne some addition to our ordinaryj taxation ; but now, while all; interests, are depressed, retrenchment *-! expendi-| ture rather than impoBing fresh burdens, ought to be aimed at. '-. .v...'.:. - i ; The meeting at the Town.,, Hall was quite as clear and outspoken onj the .sub jedb of thelaSciff afe those yhich preceded it. It w$a largely atfeaidedljy the work-j ing-classes,. and the resolutions condemnj ing the new scheme of . . taxation, - wer^ ' quite as vigorously and : unanimously ' adopted. Not a single person was found [?mm. aufficient ;i«meiriiy;»tb come forward [ . and- defend the- scneme.L - 'Judgment - wentby default^ the speaking was ill; on one .side. It :is motesworthyvithat ;£a all the meetings which have been held th^ Governmelit,''Las,a£wK61e7 have been' spoken of very ^kindly, though their, financial policy is condemned. ; ? It is evi dent that if they will abandon this pro- ' posed increased taxation, and ' honestly seek to reduce expenditure, ,\,they wfQbfe . ? firmly supported ; but 4hay Save not u the : ghost of a chance of ^carrying their finan- ? cial scheme'. _. ?':. ' '^ \\.^''\i. :.':',\ ' ;: i ' And now, in the face of all this, what will the Government \\. vdo ? ;TiViii they' insist uponjtheir'spheme,' or will'they,^iii deference to public opinion, so unequi vocally expres^id,' withdraw it/ and cut' the coat of their expenditure ^aecbrdingtb the cloth of their income ? This question they will be bound to answer torday. -Mr.,1 Reynolds's resolution directly xshallenges their financial policyj ajad they will %vje to defend it, modify, it, or witiidrawit.. It is especially unfortunate ihat thje. financial policy of the. ^Ministry will bie . mixed up -with what amounts' to a ques tion of confidence or no confidence iki them ; because hon. members will un doubtedly be ; influenced ^in .their votes . by the mode in which the financial policy of the Government is to be raised. There is an impression abroad that Mr. Reynolds is, to some extent at least, reBppnsMe for the accumu lated' debt which now, in the opinion of the Treasuref, renders taxation necek sary,rand that therefore he is notTexactly the gentleman to call upon the House to condeinn the new scheme. The imprjsB sion is that if his resolution of condemna tion were carried it would prepare the way. for iis return to the' . Treasury BencheSj where it. is said a majority pf the House' have no wish to see him at ' present. . It is possible, therefore, that to prevent such an eventuality the House ; would rather vote 'with the Government than with Mr. Reynolds. ' And here li^s the dangerl If Mr. Reynolds loses has motion, the Government may interpret the vote of the House as being; in favor of their financial pblicyy . which would be| a great mistake. ! Members might: not be prepared to eay with 3ttr, ifceyriolds thitt; they: are dissatisued with the financial policy, ' because of the ulterior conse quences of Uieir votes, and yet they may ; be very far from saying with the Gp-.' vernment that :they . are satisfied .'with their policy. We have heard it sugt gested that -the 'previous question'' would be a cood method of getting out of thedifficulty. :, This would enable the House tb put Mr. Reynolds's motion aside, and also, to reject the financial scheme of the Treasurer by a direct vote against, it. The House do not want to vote for Mr. Reynolds's motion, soas tps put the formation of a new Ministry into his hands, and they do not want to vote for the new tariff which the' country cannot bear. Mr.* Strangways is an astute politician, and he ought to see how public opinion is- tending. He would make a great mistake if, supposing he has a majority on Mr.' Reynolds's motion, he were to regard th^it as an expreSBion of acquiescence in Ms. financial scheme ; for even if' he had !a majority ,iri- the Housei h0','*fould be'1 as weak as a broken reed unles? that ^aa gprily were backed up by publid opinion outside. However, toe* np-coufidence motion may gp-—f or or against the Govern- - mpnt— their proposal tb. increase taxaiabn « is and will fee condemned by the country. 