POLICE COURT. Thursday, September 23. (Before the Police Magistrate.) Cecil Colquhoun was brought up in cus- tody charged with the wilful murder of an aboriginal named Billy Yanaway. Mr. Lyons appeared for the Crown. Mr. Walker and Mr. Barns for the prisoner. The enquiry was conducted with closed doors. The enquiry was opened at Yardley, where the aboriginal was killed and the prisoner arrested on the 14th instant, and evidence chiefly of a formal nature was taken, to re- mand the prisoner to Maryborough, where next day the enquiry was resumed, when Mr. Pountney's evidence was taken, and the pri soner was again remanded until this day. The material portion of the evidence taken on these occasions is incorporated in the fol lowing report : — Sub-inspector Rogers. Recalled: By Mr. Lyons : Had been partially examined in this enquiry on the 14th instant, at Yardley, as to the finding of the body and the arrest of the prisoner; I found the dead body about twenty-one yards distant from the hut pointed out to me as the prisoner's hut ; that is about 500 yards from Mr. Pountney's resi dence ; the dead body was within five feet of a black's gunyah ; the hut is situated between Mr. Pountney's house and the black's gunyah ; I saw the body first a little after five o'clock on the evening of the 13th ; the body was lying on its right side, with the back towards the prisoner's hut; there was a nullah nullah outside the gunyah ; I saw several gashes on the neck of the body ; I counted three gashes, but there might have been four, as one ap peared to run into another ; may state I know from medical testimony there were four; the gashes appeared to be deep ; I produce a rough feature plan of the locality, showing the posi- tion of the hut, the body, and the gunyah ; later in the evening of the same day I picked up the tomahawk produced; it was lying against a log five paces from, on the left hand side of prisoner's hut ; there were apparent marks of blood on both handle and blade ; there was also hair on the blade ; the follow- ing day (Tuesday) I found the mortising axe produced lying in front of the hut, at the fire, close to the hut ; there were stains of blood on the handle; arrested the prisoner on the same morning, at about six o'clock ; he was coming into the hut, that is the hut referred to in the plan ; said, "It is my duty to arrest you on a charge of suspicion of wilful murder of an aboriginal ;" am not certain if I used the word aboriginal ; was looking towards the body; cautioned the prisoner in the usual way ; said, "I wish to warn you against saying anything with reference to the charge; whatever you do say may be used for or against you : he said "I tried to get to town last night, but Roger (name of his horse) threw me, and I lay in the bush all night ;" I had been searching all night for the prisoner; about an hour afterwards he made a further statement, which I took down in writing a few minutes after, and which I produce. (Mr. Walker objected to the statement being given if prisoner had not been again cau- tioned). I held out in the meantime no inducement, and made no threat ; his state- ment was quite voluntary. (The Bench over-ruled the objection.) He said, "I may as well tell you all about it now, as I will do to Mr. Faircloth when he comes; Billy was employed with me for a long time ; don't know why I kept him, we were constantly quarrelling; I got to know his ways ; sometimes he got a hit at me, and sometimes I at him ; it was like as if it was a try who was best man ; this row arose out of this — I promised him a pound when this fence (pointing to an unfinished one) was completed ; he got tired the day before, said he wanted to go, and wanted £1 ; he ran to his humpy, got two nullahs, came back, swore by the Holy Ghost, and made a hit at me ; I was frightened, stepped back, picked up a toma- hawk, and followed him to his humpy; we had a fight, and I hit him ; these are the exact particulars. I only hope O'Kelly and Hedges may not, through mistaken kindness, try to keep, back anything ; if they tell the whole, truth it will be all right." I understood when the prisoner mentioned Billy he referred to the dead body of the aboriginal Billy Yan- away, which was lying close by. O'Kelly and Hedges were in the prisoner's hut on Monday evening when I arrived ; I have examined that hut, and its relative position to the body and the gunyah ; I could see plainly the body of the aboriginal lying near the gunyah, from any portion of the interior of the hut; the front of the hut was all open; there were only two sides and a back to it ; there were three bunks, a shelf, and a table, as marked in the plan ; any person, in his senses and awake, inside that hut could hear any altercation or sound of blows outside at the spot where the body lay; do not mean to say that a blow from the hand would be necessarily heard; I subsequently pointed out the body to Dr. Brown, and was present at part of his examination ; it was then in the same position as when I first saw it, and the gashes appeared to be in the same state; it was in charge of a constable all night. The attorneys for the prisoner declined to cross examine this witness, and we may add here, all the other witnesses. Dr. Brown was partially examined at Yardley on the 14th instant, the same day as that he saw the body of an aboriginal native. On my examination of the body at that time, I found one wound extending from the front of the left ear to the base of the skull, dividing in its course the external carotid artery, severing a portion of the base of the skull, the membranes of the brain protruding, and dividing the spinal column at its junction with the head ; this wound would appear to have been made at two blows, a small spiculae of bone, one-eighth of an inch in diameter, lying in the wound ; there was also an incised wound of a similar description parallel to it, and about an inch below this, which pene- trated merely into the muscular structure; there was a penetrating wound between the shoulder blades, of about an inch and a half diameter, which penetrated and entered into the spine, to the depth of about two inches and a half; there was also another wound of a similar description to the last, dividing the lower jaw on its left side, and penetrating the mouth ; much blood appeared to have flowed from the wound on the neck, but little if any from the wound in the back or jaw; the wound in the neck would cause death ; this absence of blood might have been occasioned by the wound being subsequent to the other wounds, and after death; the cause ef death would be instantaneous, from the separation of the spine; the wounds on the jaw and spine I apprehend were inflicted after tbe blow on the neck which separated the spine ; I think the wound on the neck must have been in flicted by a tomahawk, or some such sharp instrument; the wound on the back must have been caused by some weapon of an equal diameter throughout; the wound in the neck might have been caused by the tomahawk produced, the wound in the back by the morticing axe produced ; I have examined the stains on the tomahawk and mortising axe; I subjected them to a microscopic exa- mination ; on the tomahawk I discovered discs of blood, and also human hair; I believe it to be human blood ; the hair was coarser than that of a European, and black. Mr. Lyons asked if the hair was like that of any person he had seen lately ? Mr. Barns ob- jected. Question allowed. The quantity I took off the tomahawk, being only four hairs, was so small I cannot identify it with any hair I have previously seen; there were stains of blood on the handle of the mortising axe, which appeared to have been made by the pressure of a hand having blood on it. Charles Hedges, bush man, residing near Owanyilla, knew the prisoner and Billy Yan- away, an aboriginal in the prisoner's employ; Billy helped to saw and dig holes, for fen cing ; I was in the prisoner's employ last Monday week, the 13th, and since; Billy has been in prisoner's employ the last six months with short intervals of absence ; remember Smday, 12th September; spent the evening at Mr. Pountney's house ; Mr. Pountney, O'Kelly, prisoner, and myself went to the Owanyilla Hotel at about eleven or twelve o'clock that night ; we all left Owanyilla at the same time ; we did not all get home to gether ; I went with Mr. Pountney to his place ; considered myself sober when I re turned from Owanyilla; was aware of what I was doing ; considered the prisoner was sober too ; prisoner carried a quart of rum home with him — at any rate, spirits— in a quart bottle ; I took with me a quart of rnm ; O'Kelly took home a bottle of brandy ; I west with Pountney ; prisoner and Kelly went together; I arrived at prisoner's hut at sunrise next morning (Monday) ; found prisoner and Mr. O'Kelly there, and the blackfellow, Billy Yanaway; the blackfellow's gunyah was about twenty or thirty yards off, in front of the hut; saw Billy Yanaway immediately after in front of the humpy ; the prisoner and Mr. O'Kelly were there ; Billy asked me for some grog; I gave him some — a glass; he came up and demanded more, and I would not give him any more; he then tried to force his way into the hut ; I would not let him come in ; pushed him away from the entrance; he wanted to fight me; he took up his nullahs ; Mr. O'Kelly then came out ; the prisoner was in the hut all the time ; be lieve he was asleep ; the blackfellow wanted to fight Mr. O'Kelly ; the blackfellow, Billy, began to abuse the prisoner ; prisoner woke up and told the blackfellow to be quiet and go to his camp ; Billy refused ; the prisoner told him again to go away, and Billy abased him again ; prisoner told him he would make him quiet, and the blackfellow shook his nullahs in his face ; prisoner took the toma hawk ; believe the one produced to be the same ; prisoner advanced towards Billy, and Billy shook his nullahs at him ; I then saw prisoner strike Billy with the tomahawk; this was at Billy's gunyah ; Billy was struck on the back of his neck ; believe it was with the blade of the weapon ; Billy was on the ground when he was struck ; prisoner struck him twice with the same weapon, and in the same place, as near as I could judge ; with the blade, I believe ; the blows were given in quick succession with hardly a pause be tween ; I then advanced towards the gunyah and said to the prisoner, "Don't hit him again — you have given him enough ;" I then said to the prisoner, I believe he is dead ; this took place about two hours after sun rise ; prisoner then said, What could I do when the blackfellow threatened my life as he has done? Scarcely a minute elapsed after the first blow was struck till the prisoner and myself returned to the hut ; when I went out of tbe but there was no one in it ; I had not seen O'Kelly for some minutes pre viously ; he was then lying in one of the bunks; I judged him to be asleep; did not see O'Kelly leave the hut ; O'Kelly was not in the hut when I left to go to Billy Yan away and the prisoner ; my back was turned immediately after prisoner took up the toma hawk ; heard the abuse, but heard no scuffle : I suppose Billy, to get to the gunyah, walked in front of prisoner, but I cannot say; I thought the prisoners' life was in danger ; yes, I turned my back to put down a knife and tobacco ; did this when I thought the prisoner's life was in danger; not half a minute elapsed from the time I laid down my knife before I went to Billy and the pri soner ; prisoner took the tomahawk from my belt, and immediately after run after Billy ; O'Kelly went over with me to Pountney's to tell him what had occurred that morning ; this was about three o'clock in the afternoon ; the prisoner was present. [Objection made to question as to whether Kelly had said some thing, on the ground that it was not admis- sible as evidence against prisoners — objection overruled.] Examination resumed: I did not then hear O'Kelly state in prisoner's presence that he was present ; he and O'Kelly say that he heard a noise which was just like a bullock falling, or words to that effect ; Mr. O'Kelly and I were talking about the occur rence of the morning when he used the words, and they were used in the prisoner's presence ; the occurrence alluded to was the death of Billy Yanaway ; the nullahs were large, both studded with nails ; Billy was very abusive ; don't know why he was abusive; I do not know that it was anything with re ference to Billy's gin, or to another gin named Fanny ; Billy called prisoner a liar, told pri soner he was afraid of him, and asked him to fight ; I was sober at the time, but had had a few glasses; did not hear Billy ask prisoner for anything — no, not white money ; at the time I left the body to go to the hut I saw one deep wound on the neck; if there had been more wounds on the neck I should have seen them ; Billy was then lying with his back towards the humpy on his right side ; the wound I saw was on the back of the neck ; that was the only one when I last saw the body ; did not see the mortising axe pro duced that day until the evening.; saw it on the left hand side of the fireplace ; did not observe marks of blood upon it ; did not hear prisoner use any threat against Billy the pre vious evening at the Owanyilla Hotel ; Billy had been very abusive about a week previous; he wanted money for wages ; when Billy first abused me I put the tomahawk in my belt ; believe the tomahawk to be the prisoner's ; the mortising axe the prisoner borrowed ; it has been in his use for months ; saw Dr. Brown examining the wounds on Billy's neck on Tuesday ; did not hear any blows struck bsfore I saw those mentioned ; when prisoner and Billy were proceeding to the gunyah, I heard Billy calling him a liar ; O'Kelly said in the prisoner's presence he saw nothing ; he did not say where he was at the time, but I suppose he was in his bunk, in the hut, and ought to have heard the noise ; hut I don't believe O'Kelly was in the hut when I saw the blows struck ; was wrong in saying I sup posed O'Kelly was in the hut ; meant to say be was somewhere near; I saw Sub-inspector Rogers on the evening of Monday, the 13th instant; told him nothing about the occur rences in connection with Billy Yanaway's death; I knew Mr. Rogers was sub-inspector of police ; I did not report the occurrence to Mr. Rogers or any other officer, of police ; the plan produced is a good rough plan of the locality; I do not think from the bunk nearest the door it would be possible to see tbe black fellow lying on the ground where he was killed. By the Bench : You have said Billy was abusive ; in what way was he ? — Billy called prisoner a liar, said he was afraid of him, asked him to fight, and called him a b——y rogue; I believe O'Kelly was not in the hut at the time ; when Billy was abusing O'Kelly, it was about an hour before Billy's death ; I saw O'Kelly go into his bunk about that time; I never saw him leave the hut, but missed him just before the death of Billy, and did not see him again till about half-past nine o'clock ; at seven o'clock I saw O'Kelly, after the blackfellow had abused him, go and lie down in the bunk ; never saw O'Kelly go out of the hut, but missed him a minute or two previous to the prisoner's waking, about eight o'clock; cannot swear O'Kelly was not in his bunk, nor can I swear he was there, but swear I did not see him ; I did not look into the bunk specially to see if O'Kelly was there; Billy came to his death two or three minutes after prisoner awoke; I after wards went with the prisoner towards O'Kelly's house ; prisoner lay down near the fence, and I went on to O'Kelly's; this was at nine o'clock ; between two and three o'clock we (prisoner, myself, and O'Kelly) returned to the prisoner's but; the prisoner and I then went to Mr. Pountney; left the prisoner at Mr. Pountney's and went to the hut, and then returned with O'Kelly to Pountney's. Peter O'Kelly remembered on Sunday the 12th September being at Owanyilla Hotel, about 12 o'clock at night; was there in com pany with the prisoner ; do not think the prisoner was sober, he was the worse for drink ; did not hear him make any threat about Billy Yannaway or any one; we left the hotel, and arrived the next morning at prisoner's hut, between two and three o'clock, having lost our way ; knew Billy Yannaway ; did not see or hear anything take place that time between the prisoner and Billy, except ing that the prisoner reached him a bottle supposed to contain grog ; this was after Billy had asked for grog; heard no quarrel between them; did not hear either one of them abusing the other ; when Mr. Hedges came subsequently— I hardly know when — the first thing I heard was Billy Yannaway walking about in front of the place trying to get in, whilst Hedges was walking about up and down inside the hut trying to keep out Billy who had two clubs in his hands, holding one over his head in a threatening manner ; neither I nor the prisoner took any notice of him ; I went out once and said to Billy "if you will lay down the sticks I will box you," Mr. Hedges told me to come in at once lest he should give me a foul blow with his nullahs ; am not sure whether it was clear daylight or not; came in without touching Billy, and lay down on one of the bunks until about eight o'clock, when I heard a gin yell out, and thought it time to go; she was wailing ; saw a blackfellow lying down when I was leaving, about 20 or 25 yards from the front of the hut ; did not see the prisoner then, nor Hedges ; did not see nor speak to anyone ; I then went straight for home ; when I saw the blackfellow lying down I did not know who it was ; did not see the gin ; did not see a soul at the place, but hurried away; it was about one o'clock when I returned again, when I saw a blackfellow wounded, lying down, and it struck me it was tbe same as I saw in the morning; that was the first time it struck me that the man I saw in the morning was the same and was dead ; when I saw the blackfellow the second time I knew he was dead ; was told the body I saw was Billy Yannaway, but I did not go near him ; was not told by or in the presence of tbe prisoner who inflicted the wounds which caused his death; was asleep until I heard the gin wailing, then I got up and went away ; heard no other noise before I left. The enquiry at this stage was adjourued until 9 a.m. next day. Friday, September 24. Peter O'Kelly recalled : Knew Billy Yann- away for some time ; only knew his appear ance ; never had any dealings with him ; had been drinking with the prisoner previous to going to Owanyilla, on Sunday evening ; we were neither of us sober when we arrived at the hotel ; Hedges had been drinking with us previous to our arrival at the hotel ; he is a quiet fellow, and though he had been drinking, I should say he was sober enough ; we had two glasses of spirits each at Owanyilla ; we remained there about a quarter of an hour; Mr. Pountney was also at the hotel with us; there was no reference made that evening to Billy Yannaway — of this I am certain ; no reference was made to any blackfellow ; we all four left the hotel together ; the prisoner was what is called jolly or elevated when we came away; observed nothing particular about Hedges; took a bottle of brandy away with me ; the prisoner took two bottles with him, one I know was rum, for I bought it for him ; the other bottle contained liquor which I believe was rum ; we all four started together : about a mile from the hotel prisoner and I were together some distance from the other two, when we lost sight of them— in feet, we lost ourselves — got off the track ; after some time we arrived at the prisoners hut; I think it was about two o'clock on Monday morning; we were disappointed in not overtaking Mr. Pountney and Mr. Hedges, with whom we intended spending the rest of the night, or morning together; we went into prisoners hut; I don't recollect drinking anything there ; a little after Billy Yanaway came up, and I saw prisoner reach him a glass of grog from a bottle, after which I went to bed and I don't recollect anything more until Hedges appeared about sunrise; I then saw Billy Yanaway come in yelling, and threatening, and conducting himself in the way described in my depositions yesterday ; what I mean by threatening is that Billy was walking up and down brandishing nullahs ; after I had returned to my bunk, I then heard nothing more until I heard the gin wail ; there were two gins; I had seen them before, one was named Lizzy, and the other's native name was Pondotha; when we arrived at the hut, one of the gins, I think Lizzy, was in the hut; when we arrived there, prisoner asked what she was doing there and she ran away ; Pon- dotha was Billy's gin and came up behind Billy to the but, she disappeared, this was when Billy came up for the grog at two o'clock in the morning; I did not see prisoner leave the hut that night; I did not see the gins again that night ; immediately after I heard the gin wail I got up and then walked out of the hut by the side jdoor and looked up to the right, and saw a blackfellow lying on the ground, with his back towards me ; did not observe any movement in the blackfellow ; looked at him for a moment, and then went home; previous to my leav- ing I heard voices — at least I imagine I heard voices— can't swear positively I did ; was wide awake and heard sounds which I took to be the voices of the people, talking — I mean Mr. Hedges and prisoner; am not sure they were there; I was rather stupid at the time; I mean I was under the influence of drink, and had been roused out of my sleep ; could not say whether I had drink at the hut or not; there were two reasons why I hurried away from the hut—I thought ! ought to have been at my own place, the other that I thought there would be a row when I heard the gin cry. The following question was objected to: Is it not a fact that you told Mr. Pountney, in the presence of the prisoner, that when the blackfellow was struck down it, was like a bullock being pithed, or falling, or words to that effect ? (Objection overruled.) I don't recollect, if I did. Allow me to explain: After having seen the wounds on the blackfellow I imagined I heard chopping, or a noise like it, abouat or previous to my leaving the hut; which imagination I may have told many people; cannot say now for certain that I recollect having heard this sound like a bul- lock falling. The Bench reminded the witness that he was to tell the "whole truth." I don't think l told anyone that I heard a sound like a bullock falling; when I left the hut that morning I don't know whether Hedges or the prisoner were there or not ; did not see them at all ; can't say when I left the hut that I looked round to see whether Hedges or the prisoner were there; there is no other dwelling nearer the hut than Mr. Pountney's ; don't recollect prisoner say ing, in my presence, who caused the death of Billy. When l returned to the hut, be- tween one and two o'clock, from my own house with prisoner and Hedges, the body was naked ; about two hours after my arrival at the hut I saw Sub-inspector Rogers, and believe I gave him some information, but I am not sure what I told him ; do not recol- lect refusing to give him information ; be- fore Mr. Rogers came Hedges and l went to Mr. Pountney's, and prisoner said, I will give myself up to Mr. Pountney, as he be- lieved he was a magistrate : I understood him to say to give himself up for killing Billy; there had been conversation in the hut about it; the prisoner was there : the prisoner did not say why he killed Billy. By the Bench: Hedges and I advised prisoner to go into town and report the matter to the Police Magistrate, and I lent him my horse to do so. Lionel John Fleming: I am bookkeeper and barman to Mr. Nichols, who keeps a public house at Owanyilla; I remember last Sunday week; did not see the prisoner or Hedges or Pountney at the hotel ; I went away at nine o'clock ; saw the prisoner on Monday, the 13th, about seven o'clock in the evening; he asked me if I had heard the news; I said, Yes I heard a blackfellow was killed;' he said, I killed him; I asked him how? an the prisoner said, in-self defence ; he showed me his hat, and said the black- fellow made a blow with a nullah at him ; the hat was battered in the leaf ; I told him Mr. Rogers was looking for him, and he had better give himself up to the Police Magis- trate ; he said he was going to do so when he went astray on the road; the prisoner shortly after left the hotel, saying, I will go and give myself up; prisoner was not sober; had a conversation with prisoner previously about a blackfellow ; that was some time during the week before; he said he had had a fight with a blackfellow ; the prisoner had a toma- hawk in his hand at the time, and said he ex- pected Billy Yanaway would be watching him ; I think there was butcher named Haddew present at this conversation; I will not swear whether he did or not threaten Billy Yanaway at that time. J. H. G. Pousntney, when examined on the 15th instant, said : l am a farmer, residing at Yardley; on Monday last, between 2 and 3 in the afternoon, prisoner came to me at my house and said, What shall I do ? I have killed Billy. I said, You had better get a horse and go into town and report it. He then asked me to lend him a horse: while we were talking together Mr. O'Kelly and Mr. Hedges came up; Mr. O'Kelly volun- tiered to lend the prisoner his horse, as it was in the paddock, and my horses were away : they all went away : I might have said, go, quickly. By the sub- inspector : The prisoner has a contract for fencing for me: prisoner does not live on my farm, he lives in a humpy about three hundred yards from my house; Billy Yanaway, deceased, lived near prisoner's humpy ; after prisoner had reported that he had killed Billy l went down to prisoner's humpy : saw the body of Billy when l went to the humpy it was dead; I did not examine the body ; I was present when Dr. Brown examined a body of a black- fellow ; I did not recognize the body of deceased to be that of Billy Yanaway; when I saw Dr. Brown examining the body of the black- fellow; I believed it to be the body of Billy Yanaway. J.H.G. Pountney recalled ; Have been ex- amined before on this enquiry; I remember the prisoner, O'Kelly, and Hedges being present with me on Monday, the 18th, between two and three o'clock ; O'Kelly did not say that he heard a sound like the pithing of a bullock on the morning of this occur rence; I saw Mr. Rogers that evening ; did not tell him that O'Kelly had told me in the presence of the prisoner that he had heard a sound like a bullock falling in the night, or anything to that effect ; it is untrue if anyone said so; I was in company with the prisoner, O'Kelly, and Hedges on Sunday evening at Owanyilla; Mr. Nichols was not present during the evening. Mr. Lyons said he did not intend calling any more witnesses — that concluded the case for the Crown. The attorneys for the prisoner said they did to intend to call witnesses. After the usual caution, prisoner was asked if he had anything to say, and replied that he reserved his defence. Prisoner was then committed to Brisbane Gaol to take his trial at the next Circuit Court to be holden at Maryborough on the 7th October: Application was made by prisoner's attor neys that prisoner might be detained at Maryborough instead of being sent on to Brisbane, as he would have to leave by one boat and return by another, and he would have no opportunity of consulting with his solicitors and preparing his defence. The Police Magistrate said the matter was en- tirely out of his hands. The Sheriff had now the custody of the prisoner. And also, in reply to a request to have the tomahawk and mortising axe for inspection, and that they might see the prisoner without the presence of a third party, the Police Magistrate said they were matters over which he had no control. 