MISCELLANEOUS. A WRITER in the Leisure Hour calculates that a copy of the Times, with its supple ment, contains about 20,000 lines or, 200,000 words, and is equal to a printed octavo volume of 500 pages. The most rapid writing of a lawyer's cleric, if he wrote for ten hours a day, would not be able to transcribe it in less than a fort night. AN ignorant fellow, who wa9 about to get married, resolved to make himself perfect in the responses of the marriage service; but by mistake he committed the office of baptism for those of riper years ; so when the clergyman asked him in the church, " Wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife ?'. the bridegroom answered in a solemn tone, " I renounce them all." The astonished minister said, "I think you are ft foolto which he re plied, " All this I steadfastly believe." MATRIMONY UNDER DIFFICULTIES. - At Saiut Mary's Church, Weymouth, an un successful attempt to unite a couple in the bonds of marriage was made by the Rev. A.(Davidson. The bridegroom had been fortifying himself for the ordeal with powerful stimulants, and had rather exceed ed the bounds of prudence. He got on very well with the service as far as the momentous u I will," but there his compre hension seems to have failed, lie was desired to repeat after the clergyman, who recited, " I, William, &c.;, take thee, &c.;" " All right, sir," said the aspirant Bene dict. " Repeat after me," was reiterated, " All right, sir." " I, William," was again attempted. "Right, sir, that's me." This went on for some time, when the clerk handed him the book, lie managed then to spell " of," but gave it up as a bad job, observing that " he was no scholar." The minister was at length obliged to desist, saying he could not go on with such a mockery any longer. The bridegroom cheerfully assented, with " You're right, sir, it's a regular mucker." The parties then left the church, but a more successful attempt was made the |next day. - Dorset County Chronicle. HERON STRANGLED BY AN Eel.--The Rev. Mr. Sydney, rector of Gooderstone, writing to Land and 1 Pater,says;-On Saturday last, just at the back of my resi dence, a heron was found lying in articulo mortis on the bank of the little trout stream which runs through this parish, with a fine eel twisted so tightly round its neck as to cause strangulation. The eel having been speared through the head by the upper mandible of the heron's bill (about three fourths of the whole length of the bill passing through) had, in its efforts to get free, coiled and knotted itself round the neck and bill of its enemy, in such a way as to bind the two together, and to cause strangling, by the neck of the heron being bent double. Neither heron nor eel being quite dead when found is sufficient proof i in itself of their having actually destroyed" | each other as here related, and I was my- j self an eye-witness to their being found in j the position above described." A GOOD STOBT OP GENERAL GRANT. General Grant, now President of the United States, when a brigadier, was com manding an expedition against the rebels in Arkansas. Lieutenant Wickfield, of the Indiana Cavalry, commanded the advanced | guard of eight mounted men. Provisions were scarce on the march of 110 milc3. On the third day Lieut. Wickfield came up to a small farmhouse, imperatively demanding food; and, on being questioned, said that he was General Grant. With loud pro fessions of loyalty the inmates served up the beet meal they could produce, and refused to accept payment. Presently General Grant came up to the same house and asked if they would cook him some food. " No," was the answer, " General Grant, and his staft have just been here, and eaten all in the house except one pumpkin-pie." Having inquired the flame of the good lady who gave him his informa tion, Grant induced her, by half a dollar, to promise to keep the pie till he should send for it. That evening great a parade was ordered at half-past six for orders to be read, and the troops were formed up, ten columns deep; officers were called to the front, and the following order was read by the Assistant Adjutant-General - Lieut. Wickfield, of the Indiana Cavalry, having on this day eaten everything in Mrs. Selvidge's house except one pumpkin pie, is hereby ordered to return, with an escort of 100 calalry, and eat that pie al§o.-U. S. Grant, Brigadier-General, commanding." At seven o'clock, amidst the cheers of the army, the lieutenant and 100 men filed out of camp, and in the course of the night duly returned, and with all due formality the pie was reported as eaten. A BATCH op &ew; PROVERBS. - The viper will stani upon the tip of his tail to make himself agreeable in good company. -The crane stands upon-one leg, in heaven ly meditations; but all the while is looking sharply after his fish.-When the eyes and the lips lie, look to the hands and the leet. -The prudent man (literally the man who has eyes in the back of his head) carea more whom he is with than what he does. -Four fishes smelt at the bait and turned their tails to it; one fish came by and swal lowed it. (Tho advantage of .a council.) Before the journey is over the dog has run twice the distance. Applied to a man whe does not go directly to the point; but wanders hither and thither like a dog.) - Make the four salutations to a friend every day. (This alludes to the four bows that were made to foreign ambassadors by all who met them; and the proverb means this; Keep up always the highest forms of courtesy with your friends.) - Jealousy kisses its left hand, because the right hand caught the fish.-The man you hate cannot carry his food to bis mouth but you hate him more for his way of doing so.-The ghosts of snaih get into their shells (money) by night, and go for company, where there are more shells'(i.e., money makes money). -Eukee! Eukee! Eukee! but, wife, the salt fish will do. (" Eukee" is a solemn word addressed to the gods ; and the pro verb alludes to the hypocrite, who addres ses the gods fervently, but sacrifices to them only salt fish.)-The tears of a chief cause sore eyes to all other chiefs.-The water sefldsyou back (reflects you), so do all men and women.--Better be quite blind than see one side only of everything. -If you will do the thing that has not been done before, first hide all the stones that are in the streets of the city.-To a tiger his claws; to the serpent her ven om ; to the eagle his talons ; to the rat his teeth ; and to men and women calumny. The good God gives weapons to all. The fcheviri cursed the rain; but the patient rain we»t on raining, and the earth became green.-Say it often; men, as well as parrots, will say it too. If you slay your adversary, are you sure you nave done hip) any harm ?-The ants march in one line, and overrun kingdoms. (An argu? ment for unity and order.)-The echo says nothing of itself; so, the people.-The clever Tisard leaves its tail in your band. (This was a favourite saying of the King wfyeu he was urging compromises on his Councillors.)-A lie lusts for a day, but it may be the day.-When you want to sell the blunt hatchet, he the first to say that it is blunt.-How wise the clever men would be if they could understand the foolish ! All make the four bowa to yesterday, (Meaning, I suppose, thac all must submit to what we call now " the logic of facts.") -One wise ran knew the secret way into the city ; but all said, " Why should we follow one man ?'-The King had a friend before he was King.-Only the quiet deaf hear praises of themselves.-If the spider barked like a dog, would he catch flies He who looks down gathers shells (i.e, money -J he who looks up sighs for stars, but they do not come to him.--The tiger that you look at will not give you the death-stroke.-A wise man said a word too much ; that word was the word of a fool. -While the lightning lasted two bad faen were friends.-" Reuhnah" in Macmillan'a Magazine, A 1-IANGWOMAN.-Candidates cinnot be elected to Parliament by female votes. That is now settled to be the law of the land. Ia a man lawfully hanged who is sent out of the world by the hands of a hangwoman instead of a hangman ? The question is one of merely retrospective interest, probably, for amidst the modern agitation for female employment no question lias yet hccn raised of competition for this office. But in one of our western provincial capitals, the " oldest inhabitants" still remember to have had pointed out to them in their childhood a harsh-visuged old crone who once, when the executioner was not forthcoming, and the sheriff which prositively declined to perform the. office by law had devolved on niin, came forward, volunteered, and was accepted. For the benefit of future historians we may add that the city was Exeter, and the woman's name Jane lladford. SLEEP.-'There is no fact more clearly established in the physiology of man than this, that the brain expands {its energies and itself during the hours of wakefulness, and that those arc recuperated during sleep; if the recuperation dose not equal the expenditure the brain withers-this is insanity. Thus it is that, in early English history, persons who were condemned to death by being prevented from sleeping always died raving maniacs; thus it is also that those who are starved to death become insane-the brain is not nourished and they cannot sleep. The practical in ferences ara these:-1. Those who think most, who do most brain work, require most sleep. 2. That time saved Irora necessary sleep is infallibly destructive to mind, body and estate. 3. Give yourself, your children, your servants, give all that are under you the fullest amount of sleep they will take by compelling them to go to bed at some regular early hour, and to rise at the moment they wake ; and within a fortnight nature, with almost the regu larity of the rising sun, will unloose the bands of sleep the moment enough repose has been secured for the wants of the sys tem. This is the only 6afe and sufficient rule, and as to the question how much sleep any one requires, each must be a rule for himself: great nature will never fail to write it to the observer the regulations just given. AT Tyra, near Armagh, recently, two brothers named Lavel became insane at the same time. One waa armed with a sword and the other with a loaded gun, and they had their parents locked up in the barn, seemingly with the intention of killing them. They were secured with some diffi culty. AN Irshman being asked on a lnte trial for a certificate of his marriage, exhibited a large scar on his head, which looked ns though it might have been made with a fire-shovel. The evidence was satisfac tory. 