'''.' COLONIAL EXTEACTS. Tho bushranger Power. — The '6. and M. ? - Advertiser gives the following as the latest \- about Power: — The keen look-out kept for. this pkulkiug thief occasionally proves' rather awkward to peaceably-disposed travellers. Humours were current a day or two ago as to n suspicious person, apparently' of tho bush ranging genus, dressed in a white coat, and riding a chesnut horse, having been seen in. the neighbourhood of the Little River. Tho hunt was soon up, and a capture effected, but it was soon found that the captive was not the one so long sought after. The facts are, that about the beginning of the week a man named Poole, a resident of Albury, came down from the Upper Murray, looking for work. He was riding a chesnut horse, wore a long, white coat, and carrying a bag of tools in front of his saddle, presented a rather formidable appearance. As soon as he reached the Little Eiver on Monday evening, it was immediately concluded that it was Power who had visited the locality, especially as a double-barrelled gun (disjoined) was seen in the bag. He was watchod, and seen to camp in an old hut near Liuddlo's place. Messengers (mounted) ware dispatched to Wodonga and Yavkandandnh. The telegraph wires conveyed the. news that' Power was again with tho district. Troopers . rushed from various stations, arrived in the night, and without ceremony aroused Poole, and would have arrested him forthwith, only that a neighbour, who had been attracted by the rush, identified him as tho veritable Poole. 'A- Spiritualist's Challenge. — Sir. S. . G. Watson, of the Upper ? Murray, has again addressed the following challenge to one of the Melbourne papers. The following is the , proposal :— ' .£500 shall be paid by me to any one who shall explain satisfactorily to a committee appointed for tlie purpose of, ex amining these claims— tho manifestations termed spiritual; — upon nny other than the spiritual, hypothesis, within say the next twelvemonths from this date ; the committe to consist of not less than six members, one half chosen by yourself and one half by myself,: and both sides to choose an umpire.' . '' One (says' tlio Spectator) of the most ex traordinary meetings of creditors we have ever heard of was held at tho Star Hotel; Beechwdrth, on Wednesday evening. Our information is to the following effect : — ' A well- known publican in Beechworth, being temporarily pressed for money, though with sufficient iissets'to pay twenty nbilliifgs in the pound, called a meeting of creditors. .There was a good atteudauce, no less than, three of liis creditors being represented by their Bblicitors. In tho meantime, however,, the unfortunate debtor, by the assistauco of . a relative, was able to offer payment in, full. On the strength of this he cheerfully shouted for all present, until all were decidedly 'tight.' The 'offer of payment in full was scornfully refused, -pile indignant creditor collared the 'debtor, and asked him what ho meant by it, .and attempted to thrust him on to the fire, iintil another creditor, of a more generous turn of mind, offered to fight creditor No. 1 for jdoing.so, and was, impromptu, bundled out of .the window. A free fight was on the point ;of ensuing, when the law, in the shape of the 'local police, asserted its dignity, and quelled jtho uproar. We understand that a second meeting of creditors of the same person is to bo called by adyertisement,.and that all who 'have claims will be requested to attend in a .perfect sober state. . . . ; . : Special Pleading.— -Mr. J. Stewart, in moving his resolutions in the Legislative ' Assembly for tho reform of our law procedure, . referred, to special pleadings as follows : — Withregard to special pleadings, they were 'very jdifficiilt to describe. He could not ?'describe' them himself, and he had been unable :to find' anyone who could describe them. One gentleman told him that it was only professional rigmarole; another said that it ?was merely quibbling; another said it was only an elaborate and artful concealment of facts; another said it was an argument .respecting ..something which was totally unconnected with the case. That .was the only description he could give. Wo knew ? what common '? pleading' was ; but Bpeeial ? pleading was something different., Ho might -best illustrate what special pleading' was ,by citing a case : — A man lent his neighbour a ?pot ; when the pot was jretnfried jt was found to bo cracked, and the owner sued his neigh bour for the valne of it. Well, the neighr bour pleaded first, that he never got the pot ; 7 secondly, that it was cracked when he got it ; : and;thirdly, that the pot was whole whon he returned it to its owner. .(Laughter.) That 'was the only description he could give of what special pleading was. . It protracted the duration of a oase, postponed its final settle ? ment,- and prevented tho outside world from knowing .what was going on in Court. .?..The ! WagRO -Wagga Advertiser' narrates .that on the 15th lost., a lad named James Carroll, in thn employment of Mr. Leitch, of .Berry Jerry, was drowned while attempting to 'cross the Butlehbong Creek, which was flooded! Several shearers who- accompanied Carroll : attempted to save 'him, but the^ foaming current engulfed tho ill-fated youth and tho Jiorso ho was riding. :, : . '. — ; ' ?'Twb'members of the Assembly, Mr. James Bvrn^f^MimrterrofWorits) and Mr. 'i'ighe (thb member for Northumberland), hnvo ;»niw into business in Sydney as auctioneers,; under i ho style of ' Byrnes aud Tighe,' The Goulbnrn, Assizes commenced on Jfon day, 'before his' Honor Sir Alfred Stephen, O.J. Mortimer. Corbett was. found guilty of .tlie manslaughter of Denis Conolly at Araluen,' but-- was strongly recommended to mercy, as' it was shown'that deceased, with whom ho was fighting, was as much to blame as himself — sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. The trial of Richard Clarko for causing 'the death of John Heartneady, at-Greenwich Meadows, lasted all day, and the jury having been locked up for the night and being unable to agree, wore next day discharged. The charge arose out of an impounding affray that took place last month, of which wo havo already given particulars. On Tuesday George Baylcs and John Taylor' wero convicted of assault and robbery at HovelPs Creek, and sentenced each to five years' hard labor on tho roads ; John Bollard and Joseph Horno were charged with assaulting H. -.K. Gillhnm, manager, of the 'Australian Joint Stock Bank, at Braidwood, in Hay last. Wehavebeforepublishedthefnctscon 'nected viith this case,' and it may bo remember ed that on a Sunday night Mr. Gillham, when entering the bank, was assaulted by two' men,! ono of whojn— .Horne — fell, and was canght in trying to escape,; the other prisoner, who then got off, was arrested ljext day. Home was sentenced to 15 and Bollard to 10 years' hard labor on the roads. On Wednesday John Cooper was foundguiltv of the man slaughter of James Shirkey, at fllumimburrab., in adrunken brawl, and was remanded'for sen tence ; James Considinewasacqnittedof acharge of committing perjury nt Goulburn. In the case of Richard Clarke, charged with tho man slaughter of Heartneady, it was intimated that a telegram had boon received from the Attorney General consenting to tho release of prisoner on his own recognisances to appear at the next assizes, and to the discharge of witnesses from, further attendance. The last reports from the disturbed districts Of New Zealand are encouraging. Colonel McDonnell, with about 300 men under his command, attacked Te Kooti in his stronghold near Tanpo, aud gave a good account of him. Te Kooti was driven from' his entrenchment, with a loss of about 30 men. Now Zealand colonists believe -that' peaco will not be permanently established until reinforcements arc obtained from the mother country aud the war is made one of extermination against all the Hauhaus and their adherents. A man, named Joseph Short, died suddenly on last Saturday afternoon -at Randwick.' ? It appears that he was engaged at work at a quarry there when he. fell ? down and expired. . The .cause of death is believed to have been disease of the heart. ? At the recent sessions' of Albury Circuit Court, John Wallace, alias Rufus, was charged with the abduction of a girl of 14 years of age named Agnes Byron.' The' prisoner was employed by tho girl's father, and on being paid off had persuaded her to go with- him. Tho evidence of Agnes Byron stated as follows : — I went away on Sunday night about 9 o'clock by my father's .fence, where I met prisoner,' who put me . on his horso ; ' after going- about ten ?? miles, prisoner.Ieading the' horse, we camped ; prisoner, threw 'down his blankets, told me I might lie down while. he. watched the horse;, laid myself- down,;and he watched tho- horse; all- night ; on Monday fore noon we camped in an old hut ;( I resisted him, but he ill-used me ; remained -with him afterwards for six weeks, during three of which we we're travelling and never saw a road j prisoner. went'to.the, stations and left me;, in the bush ; after this he was apprehended by « detective, : and I went home to my mother. , Prisoner , was sentenced to three years' .hard labor in Albury gaol. ? Salmon in Tasmania.— It is not of ten that the telegraph conveys news of greater interest than tliat which has recently come from Hpbart Town. It appeal's- that 'salmon' have been positively seen in the .Derwent. ? Other state ments describe ' grilse as very numerous ' at the New Norfolk falls. We anxiously await ampler details. At present we need (inly saythat-jf this good news, be indeed true, it. is matter of national rejoicing. There never was a nobler or more disinterested enterprise than the acclimatisation of the salmon) and we offer our5 warmest congratulations to those who havo so long and so arduously laboured in this great experiment. ? To Tasinania.itself, the presence of the salmon will be a source, not o'f pleasure only, but of profit ; and while our sister colony will rejoice in the develope ment of a new industry, and in tho possession of an additional attraction, the accomplishment of the greatest triumph in acclimatisation that is yet known is a source of legitimate pride and exultation, to every Australian. Wire Tramway. — -Tho ' wire tramway, as it is called, for carrying goods in the air by wire ropes, is making far less progress in England, where it was first worked, thaii oil the Continent. This is on account of the way leaves ; for some . persons have an objection to hundredweights of stone bobbiiig'ih wooden baskets over their turnip-fields or wheat fields with, as they conceive, a- chance of the wire rope breaking, aud bringing the whole concern on their heads. In France, tho ,beet-root sugar- growers have taken several of these lines to convey produce to their mills, and it' is being extended in the Alps of Savoy. In one of these1 districts there in already an example . of a! wire rope yttretcbiug across a valley for a- kilometre,.or I,000yards,.carryi!ig ore. It is understood that the London Post office will not use the- wire tramway-} but prefers pneumatic tubes for postal branch lines. Another Tragedy in the Rockhampton District. — Tlye,1i.Northe.rn Argus ' oftthe Oth instaht'says a frightful-murder has been '. cam mitted_ at^an.outrBtation on Kianga run ; full particulars have not yet. been received, but Mr. Elliott has received* the following iuforma tiou by telegram : — On tho third October, a person stopped at the hut occupied by two shepherds on an out-station of Mrs. McNab's Kianga run. Dnring the night he stabbed ono of the shepherd's to the heart, -who died instantly; the. other he wounded but not so severely as to prevent him from escaping. The following morning the murderer' proceeded to Mr. Ferguson's station and stated what he had done. He was covered with blood, and said that he had been hunted by black troopers, who had tracked Aim .all the way from Rock hampton; From -some' cause- or another tliQ man was not arrested ; it is presumed because no one believed his ' story.' On ' the 7th the. police, camo- upon,. him in the bush ,''he was tlien entirely ' naked. Ho will be' in Rockf hjimpton; in thoiCQnrso, of va few vdjjys; ? a -is is stilted that he is a lunatic Tlio story ahiiut his being hunted by the black polico wus.a iibricatiuni ' : .??-??? _ Early Closing.-— The Peripatetic philosopher thus, discourses in the _' Australasian ' as to the Melbourne Early Closing Association : — I have nv profound respect for the Association, and for (he kind gentleman whose lectures assisted to promote -tho early. closing! . The notion was an excellent one, aud if the good people who aired their abilities on the platform did talk a little harmless twaddle, nobody was much the wor.se for it. But it seems to me that the early closing movement is* becoming a nuisance, and that unless it is carried out in its entirety it will become an injustice. If the Hnendraper3, hosiers, book, shops, milliners, butchers and bakers, aro to closo at dark, why not the publican's hotels, supper rooina, and music-halls? ??: Why should !! 'tho theatres be kept: open, after, dark? Why. Herr Bandmann and Mr. Harwood, and the Ghost, and others,' bo torn from their firesides to come down audjpldyVHafnlct ? Wiry -should tho orchestra be kept'up until one iii the morn ing, ahd is it not gross cruelty to the gentle man in stockinga'-to' make him, sit -up until midnight in a;costutno.t-j which. hois obviously unaccustomed,:, for the purposo of puilhig ft carpet to a level with tho footlights ? Then, ngain.'.'why.'sfio'nlil^tho'bysterShnpirlkr.apou, ;and why should ' the' hardwVirk'ed ' venders of coffee, and. the., peripatetic, proprietors of trotiors, be obliged to ply 'their desperate avocations) Has uo ono a word for the oppressed cabman ?— why should ho be allow ed, to go on: day -after day, 'iir rather night after nighty ruiuing his health, killing his horses, and wearing out tho roadway? Then tho policeman also.' Poor wretches' compelled by hard forturno to earn a ? miserable crust by prowling about in defence of tho lives and liberties of sleeping citizens, shall not some rest be found for them, and shall they not be permitted to go home early also. What is sauce for the goose is also sauce'for the gander, and if the Early Closing Association compel one set of labourers in this world's vineyard to cease the treading of the winepress six hours sooner than was their wprit, why not extend the same favour to other persons? Let us be.fair and square you know. The whole of tho Victorian Ministry, except Mr. Byrne, the Premier, and Mr. Reeves, tho Commissioner for Public Works, have been re-elccted'onrappoaling' to their constituents for re-election: ' The defeat of two members of a Government under such circumstances .is more inconvenient in Victurin, than it would be in this colony. There, both . branches of the.Logislature-are elective. Here it is not so; . The ' Ma'itlahd Mercury ' gives a case which should bo a warning to stock-holders to be careful not to commit a breach in the ' Registration of Brands Act,' however trivial it may appear. 'Mrs. Scott of- Huey, it states, was fined £15 at the Patera'on Police-court for having an unregistered brand in her. possession and making use of the same;, and was fined a further sum' of £10 for. branding a beast on the wrong side! : 