CEREMONY OF LAYING A CORNER STONE. On Wednesday the corner Stone of a new building to be called "Ebenezer Chapel," in- tended for the United Methodist body, was laid by His Excellency Governor Du Cane. The site is on the trust premises abutting on Murray- street, in front of the old chapel, and adjoining the Infant School, a block of three cottages having been removed for the purposes. The proposed chapel will be of rectangular form, 80 ft. by 45 ft., brick, with stone pillars pilasters and facings, having a front portico of 22 ft. by 6 ft. with access into 2 porches, leading to staircases for the galleries, and having entrances to the lower part of the chapel. The floor is intended to seat 300 adults, and the galleries, 3 sides, 200. There will be a platform 2 ft. 3 in. above the level of the floor, with reading desk in the centre. In the rear of the chapel there is to be a vestry 16 ft. by 12 ft., a class room 16 ft. by 12 ft., and a room for chapel keeper the same size, with room over. There is to be a plastered ceiling 3 ft. higher than the height of the walls, the height of the walls being 24 ft. The lower portion of the building is to be Tuscan order, relieved above by the Italian style. The chapel is to have a sufficient number of windows on two sides, the present intention is not to erect the galleries, leaving that to a future opportunity. The design was furnished by Mr. E. C. Rown- tree, the architect, a contract having been taken by Messrs. Ware and Shields for £1169, less £16 allowed for building materials. The ceremony of laying the corner stone was originally fixed by His Excellency for Tuesday, but was changed to Wednesday, by His Excel- lency's desire, in consequence of the funeral of the late Hon. Mr. Nairn. Early in the day preparations were made. A platform was erected at the west end of the site, the corner stone being at the south-east. The foundation having been completed and the brick work commenced. A line of flags and streamers across the street to indicate the locality and proceedings, produced a gay appearance. A numerous assembly was present by 3 o'clock, the hour of commencement, representing not only the congregation usually meeting at the chapel, but the different Protestant denominations of the town. The Revs. S. Iron- side and Hans Mack (Wesleyans), Rev. Mr. Symonds (Church of England), Rev. Dr. Nicolson (Free Church), Rev. R. McClean, M.A. (Church of Scotland), Revs. G. Clarke and W. C. Robinson (Congregational), and the Rev. J. Long (Primitive Methodist) besides the Rev. R. Miller, pastor of the Church, represented the ministers. Mr. Hopkins, senr., was also present, with many other lay representatives of the various churches. The scholars of the Sunday School were ranged on the site, near the platform. The Governor, who arrived in his carriage, accompanied by Mr. Manners-Sutton Chichester, Private Secretary, attended by two mounted orderlies, at 3 o'clock, was received by the Rev. R. Miller,and several members of the committee, by whom he was ushered to the platform, a Suitable chair being provided for his accommoda- tion. The National Anthem was played on the harmonium, on his Excellency making his ap- pearance. At that time every available eminence and space contiguous to the site was taken up by spectators. The proceedings then commenced. A hymn " Before Jehovah's awful Throne" given out by the Rev. R. Miller, was sung by the congregation when prayer was offered by Dr. Nicolson, followed by the Rev. G. Clarke read- ing a portion of Scripture, 1. Chron. X11., Mont- gomery's hymn " This stone to Thee, in faith we lay" having next been sung, Mr. John Rothwell, secretary to the committee, read the following : Statement deposited in a cavity under the corner stone of Ebenezer Chapel. The corner stone of this building intended for Di- vine worship by the people called tho United Metho- dist Free Church, is laid by His Excellency Charles Du Cane, Esq., the Governor and Commander-in Chief in and over this Island and its dependencies, this 14th day of July, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and sixty nine, and in the 33rd year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Vic- Victoria. Tho United Methodist Free Church in this city was formed on the 11th of December 1854, by a few persons who separated themselves from the Wesleyan Methodist Society, from conscientious motives, and became identified with the Wesleyan Reform Churches in England, and conjointly with the majo- rity of those churches, amalgamated in the year 1857 with a body of christians called the Wesleyan Methodist Association ; which connexion then adopted the designation of the United Methodist Free Churches. The formation of the United Methodist Free Churches in England, was occasioned by the Wesleyan Methodist Conference, which is composed exclusively of itinerant preachers, asserting the sole legislative authority in the connexion without allowing the members of the society by any system of representation to participate in making the laws by which they are to be governed, and conferring on the itinerant preachers the ulti- mate, sole, judicial, and executive power in all local matters. The general principles of the United Methodist Free Churches are as follows :-1st. The connexion recognises and holds, as the only and sufficient rule of faith and practice, and also of Church Govern- ment, the Holy Scriptures, especially the New Testa- ment of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ, and regards as matters indifferent, so far as membership with a Christian Church is concerned, whatever is not manifestly enjoined in those infallible records. 2nd. That on subjects of Christian Doctrine, the con- nexion concurs in the sentiments generally taught in the theological writings of the Rev. John Wesley, and which are admitted by the various branches of the Methodist community as being consistent with the Holy Scriptures. 3rd. That each church has the right and power to govern itself, by its local courts, without any interference, as to the management of its internal affairs by the annual assembly. 4th. That each church has the right and authority to elect and send representatives in proportion to its number of members to the annual assembly and, district meetings. 5th. The connexion is strongly opposed to any of its churches participating in state aid for religious purposes, and is anxious that they may remain untrammelled by either state aid or state control ; and that they may act according to the teachings of our Great Lawgiver who saith, " Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Religious services and a sabbath-school have been regularly conducted by this church since 7th October, 1855, in a wood building at the rear of the allotment on which this chapel stands, and the want of a larger and more suitable place of worship in this neighbourhood has been felt for some years. The land and premises were conveyed on the 7th October, 1868, to twelve trustees under the provisions of the " Deed of reference for the settlement of chapels on trust for the benefit of the Unlted Methodist Free Churches. ThE following persons are the trustees, viz., James Smart, Peter Facy, Hubert Arnold, John Deakes, George Peacock, William J. F. Andrews, Robert G. Grey, James Gabriel, Elwin Pidgeon, Thomas William Rule, Robert McGough, and John Rothwell. The church at present consists of 69 members, and there are 5 persons on trial for membership. The architect is Edward C. Rountree, and the builders are William Ware, Rippon Shields, and Rippon Shields, jun. The contract for the building, exclusive of seats, galleries, and gas- fittings, is £1169, less £16, allowed by the contractors for materials in two cottages. RICHARD MILLER, Itinerant Preacher. T. Wm. RULE, Circuit Steward. Jno. ROTHWELL, Church. Secretary and Chapel Steward. Murray-street, Hobart Town, Tasmania, 14th July, 1869. [In addition to the above document, the latest numbers of the Hobart Town local Journals were enclosed in the bottle, which was deposited under the stone.] His Excellency, accompanied by the ministers, Secretary and Committee, then proceeded to the stone, and the trowel and mallet having been handed to him by the architect, the bottle was deposited in the cavity under the stone, the plaster was laid, and the stone being lowered and adjusted, His Excellency said :-" I declare this first stone of this building to be well and truly laid in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." In front of the under stone a brass plate had been inserted with the following inscription engraved on it :- " The corner stone of this building, for the use of the United Methodist Free Church, was laid by His Excellency Charles Du Cane, Esq., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Tasmania, 14th July, A.D., 1869." The GOVERNOR, having returned to the plat- form, then spoke to the following effect :-In concluding my part of the performance and laying the first stone of the building, I have been asked to say a few words to this large assembly ; and I shall be brief indeed. My part to-day is that of a man of work rather than of words ; I hold that a builder or stonemason is best at his work, he who readily, cheerfully, and speedily does his duty, and neither seeks to hinder work or to in- terfere with that of others by lengthened and unnecessary remarks. In all great undertakings one of the secrets of success is to act on a proper division of labour. I consider the part for me to attend to, is to use the mallet and trowel, and to spread the mortar, and for the ministers to deliver the addresses appropriate to such an oc- casion, which is of the utmost importance to this large and numerous assemblage. But as I said, the part of the good workman is to perform his work cheerfully and readily, so let me tell you that you have to come forward cheerfully and readily in the performance of your part. I am not, as you are probably aware, a member of this especial religious denomination, but under the voluntary system in religious matters in force here, I could recognise the labors of all denominations of professing christians, and I could accord my tribute of honor and respect to any body of men as ministers of the United Methodist Free Church, who perform their duties with so much zeal, energy, and un- feigned piety. I may say that I am a warm and attached member of my own church, as you know, and as such I feel it my duty to aid in the promotion of the church's ministrations; but there is in this colony a vineyard common to all, and plenty of room and fair scope for all re- ligious denominations to labor in its cultivation. More than this I feel it hardly my duty to say on this occasion. In making war against Atheism and infidelity, we are only carrying out the command of the Saviour to " go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature," and contending with a common foe. (Applause.) As to any particulars of the church for which this building is designed it is un- necessary for me to say a single word. The statement you have heard from Mr. Rothwell, your Secretary, and which lies buried under the stone, sufficiently informed us of the great want of the members of another building for worship, and the steps taken by the people to provide the same, and I cannot doubt that the same zeal and energy which has brought the design to the present point will be displayed during the progress and completion of the under- taking. If, by my appearance here to-day, I have been enabled to give you a helping hand, let me tell you that, for the reasons I have stated, it will be a source of sincere pleasure and congratulation, and I will express my earnest wish, that under God's blessing all those good results which are anticipated may be brought to a rapid realisation. (Applause.) Rev. R. MILLER then, in a brief address, solici- ted the aid of the assembly towards the funds, and that they would imitate the noble example of the Jews concerning the building of their temple in offering " willingly to the Lord." He advocated the claims of a building to be used for the worship of God, and spoke of it as a protest against infidelity, secularism, and ungodliness ; a witness for God, for truth and righteousness, referring to the doctrines which would be taught there, and the large population surrounding that church, many of whom were living in the neglect of those things which belonged to their peace, and the young people of whom would be the special objects of attention. The building, he said, would cost £1400 in round numbers, towards which £500 had been secured, leaving £900 to be provided for. With respect to the Denomination, the rev. gentleman gave the following statistics : There were 307 ministers, 3373 local preachers, 68,241 members, 7207 on trial, 1564 places of worship, 1167 sunday schools, 146,910 scholars, and 23,180 teachers. The Foreign Missions comprised Australia, New Zealand, Eastern Africa, Western Africa, China, and Jamaica, in which places there were 27 missionaries employed. (Applause.) Rev. W. C. ROBINSON said a few words by way of urging the liberality of the friends, ex- pressed his sympathy with the undertaking, and his desire for its success. Two verses of the National Anthem having been sung, the Rev. J. Long concluded with prayer, and the congregation then sang the Doxology. Three cheers for the Queen, three for the Governor, and three for the success of the under- taking, concluded the proceedings. The sum of £32 10s., was placed in cheques, notes, and money on the stone. EVENING MEETING. About 150 persons took tea in the old chapel in the evening, some considerable care having been bestowed upon the decoration of the place with flags, holly, etc. After tea, Mr. Barrett, M.H.A., was called upon to preside, in the absence of Mr. Hopkins, who had been expected, before the alteration in the day had become necessary. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer. The CHAIRMAN after eulogising Mr. Hopkins for identifying himself with every christian movement, expressed his sympathy with the objects of the meeting, and hope that the build- ing now commenced might be brought to com- pletion, and that it would not only be an orna- ment to the city, but a means of great useful- ness. (Applause.) Mr. ROTHWELL, the Secretary, gave an outline of the rise and progress of the church, and the present state of the funds, amounting to £524 11s. 3d. towards the £1400, which would be re- quired to complete and furnish the structure. He expressed his acknowledgments and those of the church for the sympathy which had been shown by other churches, and said the now build- ing would increase their power of usefulness. He also alluded to the fact that the property was secured to the connexion. Addresses were subsequently delivered by Messrs. Charles Walch, Napier, Lodge, Andrews, and the Rev. Mr. Robinson. On the motion of Rev. R. Miller, seconded by Mr. Rule, thanks were tendered to the chairman, who acknowledged the same. During the evening a collection was taken, and a number of promises given in of sums payable between this and the completion of the building. The whole of the proceeds of the day, including the sums placed on the stone, profits of tea meeting and collection, &c.;, exceeded £50. A SELF-ACTING VELOCIPEDE.-Another novelty in velocipedes. From a Maryborough paper we learn that " an admirably constructed model of a self-acting velocipede has just been invented by one Baptiste Versteppan, a mechanical genius of Majorca. It consists of a miniature tricycle, six or seven inches in length, two or three inches in breadth, and, with the figures representing the two occupants, about four inches in height. The travelling wheels are lightly worked in brass, and the inner mechanism, which resembles that of a finely wrought French brass clock, and which is set in vigorous motion by means of a key similar to that used in winding a time piece, consists of numerous springs and wheels, com- municating the motion to the outside or carrying wheels. The form of the model may be conceived by imagining a gig with a seat large enough behind for one occupant, who, to accelerate the speed of the vehicle, can use pedals, which, how- ever, are not necessary to quick motion, but only as an auxiliary. The front of the machine is represented by a legless horse, projecting from the foro quarters is the front or the driving wheel. A man is on the back of the horse, with a steer iron in one hand and a break in the other. Thus fitted out the velocipede is wound up, the front wheel slightly curved inwards to give a cicular motion, and the little carriage starts off at a very high rate of speed, which it maintains, traversing a circle of little better than a foot in diameter, for about a quarter of an hour. The mechanism is of the most perfect character, and is considered by the inventor capable of adapta- tion to velocipedes of the ordinary size, carrying a weight of 200 lb. Mr. Vorsteppan purposes taking his notion to Melbourne." A DISINTERESTED SUITOR FOR A MAORI LADY. _fho gold discovories on the Auckland Thames havo mudo a Maori chief named Taipan a very wealthy niau. An unexpected result is that mauy onterprisiug youngbacholorshavo anxiously looked towards his daughters as highly eligible partners. Amongst others, " a young English- man of good testimonials and deceut education" lias suddenly boon smitten with a desire to placo " W. H. Taipan, Esq.," in the revered position of father-in- law, and the followiug letter by " T.P.O." has been addrosscd to that redoubtable bravo:-" Shortland, May 17th, 18G9. W. H. Taipan, Esq. Sir,-I havo been informed that you wero desirous to become acquainted with a respectable European with a view of contracting a marriage with your daughter. Now, I have uot seou any advertisement myself, and if I have boon misinformed by others, 1 hopo you will be kiud.'ouough to lot mo know by post wethersuoh has been the case or not. If it has boon the case. I, as a respectable youug Englishman of good testimonials and docont education, would bo glad to havo further correspondence with you rcarding the matter. Trusting you will pardon the liberty I havo takon iu addressing you, I am, etc., T. P. 0. Address :-T. P. C, P. O., Shortland." What great personal attractions aud attaimnonta may lurk beneath the mystori ous initals "T. P. C.,". it would be impossible to say, but the " Young Englishman" evidently pieans business.-Daily Tcltgrafh, .S.JU s ..».?*, 