THE PRINCE OF WALES' BIIITHDAY. The biithday of the Prince of Wales was observed in Melbourne yesterday much in the usual manner, though the departure of the English mail interfered somewhat with holiday-making in commercial circles. The banks had their holiday on the "Cup" day, and were yesterday open as usual, though the number of customers who visited these establishments could not have been large. It was noticeable that stores and retail shops were open in larger numbers than usual-a matter for surprise, seeing what a well recognised holiday the birthday of the Princept Wales has become. This holiday, however, seems to be specially taken ad- vantage -of by the working classes. Per- haps because the week's racing which usually introduces the month of Novomber furnishes a surfeit of gaiety, no fashion- able amusements are provided on those occasions; and if the " upper crust " of so- ciety do make holiday on the Prince of Wales' birthday, the festivities generally take the shape of quiet picnics at tho seaside, in tlie parks or in other favourite spots still further removed from tho city. Yesterday, however, was not very favourable for out- door enjoyment, and the visitors, to Brighton and other seaside resorts were less numerous than -usual. The only really organised metro- politan festival which took place was the annual celebration of the Oddfellows in the North Botanical-reserve, and this demonstra- tion, supported as it principally is by the hard- working members of the community, was conducted with as much spirit, and was productive apparently of as much pleasure to thoso who took part in it, as if the day had been as one and genial as it was rough and cold. The attractions offered by Ballarat in the shape of a grand military display drew off some of the sightseers of Melbourne to the chief city of the gold- fields, but the unpro- mising weather prevented anything like a large exodus in this direction. The review was witnessed, however, by a large num- ber of the local residents. Some excur- sions down the bay were promised, and the steamers Murray and Mystery carried a considerable number of holiday seekers to Queenscliff, though not so many as are usually conveyed on such occasions. To wards evening, and at an earlier hour than usual, the pleasure seekers commenced their return to town, where the ordinary evening amusements were indulged in. These, in- cluding the Theatre Royal, the Haymarket Theatre, and Weston's, were well attended, and the day was ended in as festive a manner as it was commenced, THE VOLUNTEER REVIEW AT BALLARAT, (from our special reporter) BALLARAT, Tuesday Evening, Nov. 9. The celebration of the Prince of Wales's birthday on Ballarat in 1869, by a grand volunteer display is-for the festivities still continue-an event not likely soon to be for- gotten here. Indeed, it may be said that the Ballarat mind regards the occasion as next in importance to the local reception of Prince Alfred, and is exercised accordingly, hitherto the custom has been that on holidays the local corps is drafted off to the metropolis, and thus the promise of a review at Ballarat on anything like a large scale, and including the other volunteer corps of the colony has, on account of the novelty, created quite a sensa- tion, The younger folks of the district have been particularly excited on the subject, and all classes in the community have, to a certain extent, shared the feeling. In the first place, the business establishments of the place shops, stores, banks, "Corner" and all-have shut up to-day, and attention has been gene rally turned to the military aifarrs, which form the leading topic of conversation. Then the thousands of flags that have not seen set vice since the Prince's visit have been re hoisted, and are still gaily flaunting in the breeze making the housetops bright with colour. From the surrounding districts have come hundreds, if not thousands, of country visitors in vehicles of every description; and finally, in spite of flying showers of rain, Ballarat proper has turned itself out of doors to witness the proceedings. It has not gone unrewaided, for the spectacle set before it was an eminently strik- ing one. There have been far larger and better reviews in the neighbourhood of Mel- bourne, but at none have the volunteers looked or behaved better, or their presence been a greater novelty, or caused a larger sen- sation. The people of Ballarat have long sought to carry out the idea just now realised. When the volunteer movement commenced they joined in it with that headlong energy which is their leading characteristic ; and the mem bera of the local corps having for years made considerable sacrifices in order to keep up their efficiency, and unfailingly contributed towards the success of the military displays of the metropolis, naturally looked for a time when their prowess, in competition with other corps, would be shown on their own ground. Besides, the inhabitants of the metropo- litan gold-field are laudably proud of their prosperity and importance in the country, and have not unfaiily regarded themselves as somewhat overlooked in respect to volunteer gatherings. Perhaps this would not have been felt had the old reigime in respect to these things continued to prevail, but the rigid economy practised in this respect by the late Government compelled the colonel-com- mandant to refrain from anything that would involve so much expense as taking his men up the country. At last, the enterprising folks at Ballarat cut the Gordian knot in their own way by boldly inviting the other corps of the colony to join them in the celebration of to-day, promising them suitabe entertain- ment. To these conditions the colonel-com- mandant assented, and it was forthwith ar ranged to have a field-day here, the local " Rangers " being supported by 50 men fiom each of the Melbourne and suburban corps, and an equally large draft from the corps of Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Geelong, Kyneton, Maldon, etc. Having gained this point the volunteers bore determined that their wel- come to their comrades should be a warm one. They looked to their fellow citizens for moral and pecuniary support, and obtained both. Holidays on Ballarat are often dull times for want of a public and popular means of enjoyment, and the offer of an amusement so piquant as a review was gladly seized. In consequence, all classes of helpers to the pro- posed movement put themselves forward. The two local borough councils, as represented by the water commission, voted £50 each to the review funds; the public, by individual subscription, gave, over £200 more, and tho total was raised in value to fully £500 by contributions of comestibles and potables for the use of the expected guests. Grocers gave bags of sugar, dealers in produce gave potatoes and flour, butchers gave meat, bakers gave bread, and so on. Among the more handsome gifts were no less thau 7 hbds. of ale, sent by the brewers of Ballarat and Buninyong, and to winch Mr. K. Wild, of the Collingwood Brewery, added another hogshead. Lastly, the Ballarat volunteers gave their own services, and from high to low all worked with a will to promote the end in view. Invitations were issued for 1,600 other volunteers, who, with about 400 of tho local corps, made up the highly re- spectable body of close upon 2,000 men. The volunteer authorities also zealously endea- voured to aid the object sought, and so it was settled that about half the volunteers of the Melbourne, Geelong, Castlemaine, and Sand- hurst corps were to be conveyed to Ballarat to join in the display. Upon this basis matters have been carried out, and Ballarat has kept holiday on a grand scale. The first sign thereof was given on Monday afternoon, when Colonel W. A..D. Anderson, the commandant of volunteers, and his staff, arrived on Ballarat, Two batteries of Armstrong guns, one of six pounders and one of 12-pouuders, were also brought up per train, and taken to the expected field of operations. In the same evening the Sandhurst and Castlemaine contingent, after spending 10 hours on their railway journey, reached the Ballarat station, where they were delightedly wel- comed by some thousand or so of the assembled populace, who cheered the visitors heartily, and crowded round them as, pro ceded by the Sandhuist band (of which more anon),: they marched along the street to their quarters. Next morning (to-day) the holiday symptoms were more apparent; not did the frequent squalls of wind and rain perceptibly abate the prevail- ing enthusiasm. The shops were all shut, tho people put on their holiday dress and went into the street; persons from the count ry-Buninyong, Smythesdale, Clunes, Cres- wick, and Sebastopol- came into town in all sorts of vehicles to see what was to be seen, and all the visible signs of festivity were frequent. The opening event was the volunteers breakfasting, which began at 8 a.m., when the Sandhurst and Castlemaine men, who had arrived overnight, were marched to tho Alfred-hall, where the tables were laid, and where subsequently the other corps were refreshed in the same way as fast as they arrived in the trains. Much has been said of the poor treatment experienced by the Ballarat Rangers when they carne to Mel- bourne on duty, and more parliculary when on one occasion they visited Geelong, and found the victuals provided for them already consumed by their promised entertainers; but they have certainly returned good for evil, for their hospitality to-day was splendid. Tables and seats were laid throughout the length and breadth of that immense hall, and the boards groaned with the weight of the savoury and substantial dishes laid for the morning's meal, and flunked by cups of tea and coffee. There were hams, tongues, sausages, pies, brawn and cold meats, all cut ready for consumption, and the breakfasters, amply, waited on, did the viands full justice. The next event was tbe arrival of the othfr corps, who as they came in werf marched, with one or other of the Ballarat bands playing before them, to the place of breakfasting. When the meal was over they had to hold themselves ready for the review. The arrangements in this re- spect, were sadly put out by the unfortunate delays experienced on the journey from Mel- bourne to Ballarat. The whole of the troops were expected to be up by 11 a.m., but, from want of carriages and other causes, it was not till a quarter-past 1 o'clock that they were all on Ballarat, and then they had to get their breakfast and make ready for field operations, which took at least half an hour more. The whole brigade marching to the review was a pleasant sight for anyone, hut at Ballarat it was evidently regarded as some- thing very remarkable. Passing up Sturt street, the troops took the lower-level road, and a huge crowd gathered to witness the progress of the long line of soldiery, headed by the splendid band of tho 1st Ballarat Rangers (the 2nd and 3rd companies have bands also, but scarcely so good). The spec- tators at this point must have numbered 5,000 or 6,000 persons, for they filled the pavements, the windows, and balconies of the neighbouring houses, and every available inch of the high ground in the vicinity, re- gardless of the driving showers of rain that occurred at intervals. Especially were the boys of Ballarat delighted at the martial air and becoming appearance of the metropolitan volunteers, beside whom the grey coats of the Castlcmaine and Sandhurst men looked faded, and the sombre black coats and accoutrements of the Ballarat men dingy; and it will be a long time before the local juvenile mind recovers from the im- pression made to-day. The brigade continued its march to the scene of the review-i.e., Royal-park, by which is designated a piece of irregular open land lying south of Sturt street, and bounded eastwards by the works of the Park and Hand and Band Mining Companies. The little army was preceded and followed by an immense concourse of persons, numbering at one time not less than 18,000 persons. The ground not required for the military manouvres was like a racecourse ; for there were booths, stalls, merry-go-rounds, shooting "galleries," rivoli tables, and a variety of similar means of amusement, to attract the atten- tion of those who might got tired of watching field movements. As has been hinted before, the place is by no means suited to reviewing purposes, being confined in space, uneven, and in some parts rough, and incapable of allowing a large body of spec- tators to see what is going on. The force on the ground consisted of a squadron of light cavalry, two batteries of artillery, and six battalions of infantry. The cavalry consisted of the Metropolitan and Ballarat troops of the Prince of Wales Light Horse, under the command of Captain Pur chas. The two batteries of artillery were one of 12-pounder Armstrongs, under Major Stokes, of the East Melbourne corps, and the other of 6-pounders, under Captain Sar- good, of the St. Kilda corps. The other artillery corps were divided into two bat- talions, acting as infantry, one commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Mair, of the St. Kilda volunteer district, and the other, which also comprised the Naval Brigade, by Captain Fullarton, of the latter corps. There were three battalions of riflemen-one composed of the Ballarat Rangers, under Captain W. C. Smith, Captain Sleep being next in com- mand ; the second, of red rifles, under Captain Templeton, of the Collingwood Rifles ; and the third, also of red rifles, under Captain Farie, of the Southern Rifles. The engineers, under Captain Parnell, served with the infantry. Lastly, came the battalion of grey rifles, from Sandhurst and Castlemaine, under Lieutenant-colonel Bull. The colonel-commandant's staff comprised Lieutenant-colonel Rede, brigade major: Captains Stubbs and Snee, of the local staff ; Major Bull, of the volunteer staff; and Captain Sherard, of the Balla- rat troop of light horse. So soon as the troops were fairly on the cleared ground each battalion in succession front formed companies and closed to quarter dis- tance column. By this means the brigade was massed. They then deployed into line of contiguous columns and changed front on their centre, which brought the force on to the parade line. They then deployed into line, opened ranks, fired a salute of 21 guns, presented arms, and thus paid the compli- ment of the day. The colonel- commandant next-rode round the-ranks and made his in- spection, and the brigade marched past in quick time in open columns, the cavalry and artillcry conforming. The marching past over, the manouvring began. There was not much in what was done, because the ground forbade complicated movements, but the following will give an idea of the salient points of the operations, it being understood that there was firing after every manouvre. The troops first changed front to the right, with left thrown forward, and file firing followed. They next advanced in direct echelon of bat- talion from the light, covered by artillery, and, having wheeled by battalions to the left, formed line on the leading battalion. They then retired in direct echelon of companies from the right, formed company squares, reformed companies, formed line to a flank, formed quarter columns in rear of the right companies of battalions, and changed posi- tion to the left. The men next advanced in echelon of battalion from the right, formed squares, re-formed columns, and lastly formed a line of contiguous columns. All those ma nouvres were covered by artillery, cavalry acting in support. Sotme of themovoments, especially those in echelon, were fairly perfomed, but the marching past, and parlicularly the wheeling, were very inferior. Both the volunteers and the spectators were much inconvenienced by the frequent showers of hail and rain. The men then returned to town, and having left their aims in the orderly-room, were shortly after marched to the Alfred-hall, where an excellent and substantial dinner awaited them. The repast, as laid out in preparation, was as good a cold collation as need be desired. but owing to the delay in the day's operations, caused by the late trains, this latter liad to close before tho dinner began. In the evening, a grand promanade concert was to be given in the hall, with Madame Carandini and her daughters among the performers, to which all volunteers were admitted free. It is probable that most of the visitors will not return till to-morrow (Wednesday). The day has passed off without accident, and the behaviour of all the men so far has been unexceptionable. The only contretemps was some misunderstanding about the bands. It seems that the order was issued from head-quarters forbidding the invited corps to bring their bands with them, and this has led to unpleasant- ness, for the Bendigo band-a private one which plays whenever the volunteers require them-persisted in playing through the streets at the head of their corps, as they came from the railway station on Monday evening ; they were consequently ordered to stand under arrest. The 1st Geelong Corps also brought their band, who had their instruments taken from them, but it seems that the latter affair is capable of explanation on the part of the offending corps, to the effect that they were not guilty of openly contesting the orders given them. The following was the parade state of the force under reviow. Cor_3. Staff, 4.C. Naval Bilpnde Williamstown.'. Sandiiogo Lieht Horse Metropolitan Troop .. Ballarat ,. Artillery East Molbourno .. Williamstown.. Emerald-hill .. St. Kilda 1st Geelong .. 2nd Geelong .. Quiouscllff .. .. ' Brighton Maropolltan .. Engineers Rifles Melbourne iiudN.Mclbourne Carlton. Colhngwotd .. East Collingwood .. Richmond Southern Pentridge 1st Ballam! .. n".i non«., ii Creswick. 2ndBaIlÄUtt Clunes StdBallarnt .. Bendigo .?. 1st Castlumaiiio Maldon. K> reton Total.I 7» Jlöl 70 1011191« ¡all TUE ODDFELLOWS' DEMONSTRATION. The fifth annual fete of ¿ho Grand United Oidei of Oddfellow* (.ame off iu the usual lilace, tho Zoological-gardens, now tho Friendly Socioties ground, and it was tho means of bringing together a largo number of picasure-seekors. Proceeding wore com- menced, accoiding to custom,' with a pro cession through the city. Flipders-streot, opposite St. Paul's Church, was tbo starting point, and a crowd collected tjioro by li o'clock to tee the procession sot in motion. It was not a piocession of a pretentious thaiacler ; tho Oddfellows do not affect to shino in a demoilstiation of this kind, though it is always made part of the programme. It consisted of a body of ' the brotherhood, all the district lodges being repicsented, and it was accompanied by two brass bands and vehicles, which not onjy served for bearing the hannels of tho order, but afloided carry- ing accommodation for tho wives and families of the piocessionists. Tho louto taken was up Swanston- strect, along Collins-atrcot, up Elizabeth, and thence by Bourko street to the hall, where a short stay was made. iFtom Bourke-streot tho procession pro- ceeded by Spring-street, Wellingtou-pa íado, and Jolimont-road, to the grounds. As a matter of couise, the footpaths of the city were ciowded with interested spectators of the not veiy' common sight, aud a con- siderable number followed the piocession as long as it was in motion. By noon foot tiailic commenced along tho different roads leading to tho gardens, and a little later the cats began to run along tho river bank from Princes'-bridgo, appaiently having plenty of custom« s' to attend to until tho after- noon was considerably advanced. Even tlic omnibus might havo.been seen with its load of passengers. The wcathor, which woic a threatening look in the forenoon, and became unpleasant occasionally in the after- noon, interfered with tho attendance, it may bo supposed, for the Oddfellows' file is popular among the working classes. The actual turn-out must have bl en , between .1,000 and 5,000. rlho grounds, which wore publicly used yesterday for tho hist timo tinco being handed over to tho Friendly Societies, were in capital older. The attractions placed before the visitors weio of an ' exceedingly diversified kind. 'J be first objoct that mot tho eye, aft¿or one had squeezed his way in at the gates, was tho line of refreshment stalls, which hau been arranged somewhat in tho foim of a half urcle. Within tho curvo waa tho ground sot upait for the athlotic sports ; and the bands, the nuclei of so many dancing parties, woro btalioned in various parts of tho enclosure. Tho amusoments that occupied the attention of the majority were the athletic sports, chiefly consisting of foot racos and velocípedo laces, for tho pmposes of which a ring was formed. Tho spoctatovs wero supposed to consider the one-railed fence surrounding tho courso as the limit across which thoy were not to pass, but a great many preforrcd to bo in sidotbo circlo, andas tbosevoialgentío moans of persuasion omployed by tho committee failed to clear them out again, the result was that scarcely one of'tho two or three thousand who were interested in tho racing had moro lhan a very indifforont view of what was going on. Iho stato of tho course was gather poor. Wo wero informed that the general Committco of Friendly Societies intend, before Jong, to mako a first- rate running rink, so that the days of such sight-seeing as yestor tlnj's may bo looked upon as numbered. Of the 10 events on tho programme three did not como off. Thore wero not sufficient on tries for tho tricyclo lace, and tho £5 Cs. prizo offeredforaladies' tricycle íacu, and £2 2s. fora Chinamen'sraco.didnotprocuioasingloontry. It was a pity that either of tho last two events vveie allowed to appear on tho ptogramme. Young Victoria sconiod to have a koon relish ior tho footraces, and to tnko as much in- terest in them as another part of tho popula- tion does in tho Molbourno Cap. Of courso, as bashfulness is a quality that disfigures very few of the rising generation, thoy managed to pet a much better view than their elders, and they might bo heard speculating after their own fashion as to the probable winners. AVhile the majority of tho spectators devoted thoir attention to tho porformancos of the athletes, a considerable portion of the young people gavo themselves np to tho pleasant excitement of kiss in tho ring. Dancing had its attractions for a fow, but tho weather was somowhatunsuitablo, thegrassratherlong.and. riicumstances generally not favomablo to a display of tcrpsichorean skill.. Thoso who did take advnntago of the bands, of which, in- cluding the band fiom ii.M.S. Nelson, there wire four on the ground, appeared to find dancing an agreeable pastirao, and thoy bad their own sharo of onlookeis; but kiss ia. tho; ring cngiossed ever so much niora favour, and was conducted with great i-pirit. Besides sports such as wo have emnnoiiitcd, (hore was an almost endless variety of others of a less populai kind. At one placo you could mako or loso a fortuno by having shots at a select gioup of Aunt Sullies that appeared to havo undergono many a battering about their heads for the sake ot sixpences in days gone by, and which had boon specially brushed up for the occasion. A little further on you had your choice of half-a-do/.en dilleient wuys of playing the gouimand, or of investing m the richest doliuicies for tho little people. At another spot little girls mid boys could bo lieuted to excursions upon real livo donkoys. Close by, the fascination of sweepstakes was »picad out befoio the public, who had but to hand over Is. in oidei to run tho chance of winning Cs., piovided the number they bought corresponded with tho number of tho min bio that beat all tho othor marbles in the race along a steeplechase board. " Doodle um- bnek" piesented its familiar faco in the plural number hard by ; aud the gamo ot knocking down two pins with olio ball could ha\ e been played in half-a- dozen places all tbo afternoon by such as had, a sufficiency of spare shillings. In an out of tho way corner jou could have indulged in "under and over," but to havo kept at it long would havo had to mako occasional changes of posi- lion, as the pioprietor of tho apparatus some how objected to tbo police "Thrco-up" was prisent for a little time, but tho place be cunio too hot for tho caid sbufllers, and they had to seek the shado of the tices outside. Little mid big folks nniulo efforts to acquire large stocks of nuts by discharging blunder- busses nt a little targtt, which, whon hit, cnusfd Mis. Punch to appear at the window above. The establishments of tho enter- prising people w ho, on certain evenings in the vvtek, nlToid all who havo occasion to wander ii)) Bourkc-strcct an opportunity of testing Hie strength of their lungs nnd their linns, and of lcaniinc their weight to "tho cstimntion of a hair," had been trans fuicd to the Zoological-guidons for tho oeension ; nnd a wiiiiuturn wild beast show was thcio to Ik) looked at by all «ho had a relish for ' boastossos." Booths for the sulo of stiong and weak drinks, from spirit.') to coffee or tea, faced the spectators on all sides, and an ice cream stall was appro- priately posted alongside of a portable hot pio bakehouse. One man appeared to do much business hy selling 6itver-mountcd whips at Od. a-piece, and two blind men found the gardens afa\ ouiablo spot for mak iiv fppculb to the charity of the pasacrn-by. Wh n tho athletic sports were over, a drawing on ino ai tunion principle took piuco for one of,.uigei s bC wing machines, all who had paid lit. H> ⁢ in linving a chanco of the prize, whit li fell to No. 1,000. A display of fire woiLj in the evening bl ought tho pioceed ings to a close. The proceeds of the fete were expectedio add about £150 to the funds of the order, Wo subjoin a list of tho athletic sports : boys' race, "Under 14 years. 200 yards. Prizes of £1, i 10s., and 5s. Chan.Gl>nn.1 "_W.Lowis_ .2 W. Taylor .. .. 7.3 Twonty-seven started. nAEF-JIILE MAIDEN RACE. Prizes of £4 4s. and £2 2s. J. 0. Stephens.1 " Woodhouso. .2 J. M'MuUen.3 Thirteen started. boys' hace, Under 10 years. 100 yards. Prizes of los., 1 10s,, and 5s. II. Buchanan.1 G. Cnstlcden ., .2 R, Douglas .,3 BUNNING niGU LEAP. Prizes of £1 Is. and 10s. Gd. Tho first prize was awarded, to Charles Ramsay, and the second to A. Hayes. We could not ascertain the height cleared. Six competed. ' ' 440 YAHDS RACE (handicap). Prizes of £2 2s. and £1 Is. M. Mahoney, scratch.' .. 1 1\. Poynton, 8 yard».2 G. Carr, 5 yards .3 Seven others started, bois' nACB, Under 14 years (mombers' sons only). 150 s yards, Prizes of £1, 10s., and 5s. John Manning ., .1 W. Dollott .2 .W. Unwin .3 BICYCLE BA0E. Two miles handicap. Prizes of £5 5s. and £2 2s. Ward, scratch.1 Dixon, scratch .. ,, .2 Royitll, 200 yards .3 ©'Grady.0 Tho race was run in three heats, those who .were first and second in the first two heats contesting the third, with the above result. The last neat was well contested by Ward and Dixon, the former only winning by seven yards. Royall (a little boy) found the dis- tance rather long, but struggled on gamely until tho race was decided. < PIC-NIC AT NORTHCOTE. Pic-nic parties woie not amongst those that suffored least by the inauspicious stato of the .weather yesterday. Arrangements had been made for haviug a grand gathering of mein liers of the Wesleyan body at Northcote, .whbn it was intended to celebrate not only the anniversary of the birthday of tho Prince of Wales, but the laying of the foundation stono of a new church, the ceremony to be performed by Mr. AV. Taylor, of California. The demonstration was not, as far as the pic-nic was concerned, at all as successful as might havo been anticipated. About 500 persons wore expected to bo present, but scarcely one- fourth of that number attended. Mr. Kirk's ground, situated within a short distanco of the site of the proposed new building, was selected for the pic- nic. Hero a commodious marquee was erected, whero xefreshments wero liberally supplied and shelter obtained as occasion arose. In- deed, it seemed principally utilised for tho latter purpose, as, from tho extremo cold and threatening rain, open- air sports were not particularly enticing. The event of the day was to tako place at 3 o'clock namely, the laying the foundation-stone of tho new church. At that hour a squall carno on, accompanied by a heavy shower, which for a time threatened to put a stop to the proceedings. The "rain, however, passed off, and tho company, which had sought shelter in tho school-houso, having been joinod hy the Rev. W. Taylor and sovoral other clergymen, procoeded to tho site of tho new building, situated immediately opposite on the other side of the roadway. The ground for the purpose has beon purchased from Mr. Wallace, a member of the congi ogation. The church, when comploted, will boa very hand- some structure, built in bluestono with free- stone facings. The style will bo Gothic somewhat modified, a tower, surmounted by a spire, boing elected at the north-west anglo. The interior will bo 50ft. in length by 35ft. wido, the distanco from the floor to the apex of the roof being 52ft., while the tower is to be 88ft. Sitting accommodation will be provided for 300 persons. The ex- pense, it is anticipated, will bo over £1,000, and of this sum the greater portion has boen voluntarily contributed. The aichitect is Mr. G«orgo Wharton, and the coutiactor Air. Peter Mavor, who, it is thought, will be able to complete the work in about four months. The proceedings were opened by singing, the reading of a chapter from the Scriptures, and prayer. Copies of the Melbourno morning papers and of the Wesleyan Chronicle for the current month, together with a documont containing a variety of information cus- tomary on such occasions, having been deposited in a hollow boneath tho stone, a trowel, of very unpretending chaiactor, was presented to the Rev. W. Taylor by Mr. Bevan, who briefly nanated the circum- stances under which tho erection of- the new church was undertaken. The Rev. W. Tay- lor thon delivered a characteristic address, in which he vigorously uiged tho nocossity of those present assisting to defray the ex- penses of the now building. His appeal was vorj liberally responded to. Amongst tho cleigymon present wero the Revs. J. S. Waugh, F. Neale, J. F. Watsford, J. Egglcston, J. Bickford, J. Dare, - King, and Messrs. Beaver, Wimble, and Bedford. At 5 o'clock a tea-meeting was held in the marquee, which was followed by a public meeting. Tho Rov. J. S. Waugh presided, and addresses wera delivered by tho Rev. J. Daro and other clergymen. THE EMERALD-HILL BAZAAR. The bazaar in aid of the building fund of St. Luke's Church, Emerald-hill, was opened yesterday with considerable éclat, and at- tracted a much larger share of public atten- tion than the unfavourable nature of the weather warranted its promoters in antic- pating. The recent enlargement of the church having cost a larger sum than could be raised by private subscriptions, the ladies were, as a matter of course, appealed to, and they de- cided, with their customary promptitude, that the readiest and most pleasant way of obtaining the balance required was by means of the time-honoured bazaar. The result of their exertions was the bazaar which was formally opened by Mr. Whiteman, the member for the borough, who, in a few appropriate remarks, congratulated the ladies on the display of useful and ornamental articles they had collected, and trusted that their labours in a good cause would meet with a suitable response. He also observed that, if successful on the present occasion, they might with advantage turn their attention to supplying the western portion of the borough, which was fast becoming populated, with a new church also. The hall of the Mechanics Institute, where the bazaar was held pre- sented an exceedingly pretty appearance. On either side were ranged three stalls, pre- sided over by Mrs. Cole and Mrs. Madden, Mrs. Dickinson, and Mrs. Foote, Mrs. Hughes, Mrs. Walter Rayson, and Mrs. Shep- herd, assisted by Mrs. D. Gibson. Some of the stalls were well filled with pretty articles calculated to strike the eye, while others, apparently aimed at a combination of the useful with the ornamental, and produced an equally good effect. At the top of the hall, just below the platform, was a flower-stall kept.by Mrs. A. Read and her daughters. It was very tastefully decorated, and attracted considerable attention. A fine collection of pot plants, sent for exhibi- tion by Mr. W. Carter, florist, of Emerald Hill, also occupied a conspicuous position. A beautifully executed model of a proscenium and stage of a theatre, to which we have be- fore alluded, was much admired. Unfortu- nately, it attracted rather too much attention and sustained some damage from the inex- perienced hands which attempted to exhibit its ingenious construction. It was made by Master Mier, the son of Mr. Mier, dentist. The ladies displayed their customary energy and activity in the pursuit of business. Their success must have been in some instances more gratifying to themselves than to the gen- tlemen whom they inveigled into committing acts of extravagant liberality. Numerous raffles were got up, in utter disregard of the fate certain ladies had previously brought upon themselves by some what similar in- dulgences. Altogether, the receipts were satisfactory, and would no doubt have been much larger had the weather coutinued fine. The bazaar will be open until Saturday next, by which time no doubt a sum will have been realised sufficiently large to considerably duce the debt (£500) at present on the church. ODDFELLOWS' ANNIVERSARY. Tim oloventh anniversary of the Loyal Hand of Friendship Lodgo was colobratod hy a toa meeting, followed by a concert and ball, in tho Foresters'-hall, Smitb-Btreot, CoUing wood. In the absence of the Mayor of Col- lingwood, Councillor Langridge took tho chair. About 200 porsons sat down to tea, and afterwards a, variety of addresses and readings were delivered by the chairman, Mr. C. E. Jones, and others. The Misses Hecksher and Denham also sang several songs, wbich were very well received. The nail was then cleared, and dancing was commenced by the company, which by this time was con- siderably increased. Tho proceeds of tho soirée are to be devoted to a fund for erecting a lodge-hall. SANDRIDGE AND THE BAY. At few points of interest in connexion with the celebration of yesterday's holiday wer.e the effects of the unpropitious state of the weathor more perceptible than at Sandridgo and the bay. During tbo morning a sharp pieroing wind blow in fitful gusts from the south, and though subsequently tho breeze veered a little to the west, the general gloom and dreariness of the prospect was only re- lieved by occasional but short-lived bursts of. sunshine, quite insufficient to remove tho damper that had been placed upon pleasure-seeking and all out-door amuse- ments. This unpromising stato of things, nevertheless, did not prevent a number of persons availing themselves of the excursions advertised to como off down tho bay. Shortly before 10 o'clock the Mun ay steamer left the wharf, having on board over 40 passengers, for Queenscliff. It-was intended to Eave despatched the Mjstery also, but as a suffi- cient numbor of excursionists did not put in an appearance, her trip was abandoned. The majority of the business establishments in Sandridge were closed, and the more en- thusiastically loyal burgesses hung oat Hags from tho windows or roofs of their houses in honour of the occasion. Many of tho ships also in the bay made a respectable show of bunting, but beyond this there was nothing to indicate tho celebration of a* na- tional holiday. Indeed, tho scene was the reverse of enlivening or enjoyable, oxcept to one possessing a large share of the Mark Tapley element in his composition. This was the more to be regretted as, undar ordi- nary circumstances and with the slightest ap- proach to fine weather, many promonadors would have beon attracted there, more espe- cially as it was mail day, and an opportunity afforded of visiting the Great Britain ano many other first-class and well known vessols at presont lying in the harbour. BRIGHTON. The unpropitious state of tho weather pro vonted a large numbor of holiday makers visiting this favourite seaside retreat. A band had been provided by Mr. Foxall, of the Royal Terminus Hotel, but the wind was blowing so strong that a dance on the green was not even, attempted, and most of the visitors wero glad to take refuge within the hotel, where every preparation had boon made for their entertainment. A fow pic-nics wero held in the scrub, but tho attendance of visitors was much smaller than on any fino Sunday. _. ST. KILDA. Theie was no special entertainment pro- vided at this suburb, and in consequence of the boisterous stato of the wind, which was blowing half a galo, the beach was ontircly deserted. EXCURSIONS TO THE BAY. The weather was not sufficiently inviting to induce many to seek for pleasure in excur- sions to the bay, but upwards of 100 persons wero found willing to bravo all the discom- forts attendant on arough passage in order to enjoy the sea air and a stroll at Queenscliff, and for their accommodation the Gipps Land S, N. Company's steamer Murray loft the rail- way pier at Sandridge shortly after 10 o'clock. As almost a gale was blowing from W.S.W., the captain steered as near inshore as pos'ii blo, so_ that his passengers might suffer as little inconvenience as possiblo from the mo- tion of the vessel, but notwithstanding these precautions, several ladies paid the penalty for their rashness in venturing on tho water in such stoirny weather. The ma- jority, however, were not much troubled with mai de oner, and proceeded to avail themselves of the services of the band, and dancing was kept up with spirit on the bridgo, which was sheltered from the rain by sails. Tho steamer arrivod at Queenscliff shortly after 1 o'clock, and the passengors landed and amused themselves by dining, strolling on the beach, inspecting tho lighthouse, and otherwise making the most of thoir time on shore until 4 o'clock, when the signal was given for re-embarking. The passage homo was rather ploasantor, as the wind was favour- able. The steamer entered the river a little before 7 o'clock, and arrived at the Custom- house Wharf shortly afterwards. TOE RIVER AND STUDLEY PARK. The high wind which was blowing during a largo portion ot yesterday lett the river comparatively deserted, the pleasure boats which usually frequent it in great numbers on holiday occasions being fow and far between. Neither did the attractions of Studley-park, as against a rather raw after- noon, prove sufficient to draw any consi- derable number of visitors, and the leafy retreats of this picturesque locality were for the most part left untcnantod. THE BOTANICAL-GARDENS. This favourite place of holiday resort in fine weather had a largo number of visitors yestorday afternoon, who amused themselves with promenading the walks and examining tho various objects of horticultural interest which aro to be met with at every turn in the grounds. THEATRE ROYAL. The unusually varied programme of enter- tainments presented at this place of amuso ment last evening attracted a numerous holiday audience. Tho bill included Herr Bandmann's favourite impersonation of Nar- cisse, with Miss Evans as Doris Quinault, and Miss .Juno) as Madame do Pompadour; tho burlesque of "The Bride of Abydos," with Mr.' Harwood as the Bounding Bricks ; and a farce. . nerr Baudmann is announced to" make his first appearance this evoning as Louis and Fabion dei Franchi in "The Cor gican Brothers," WESXON'S OPERA-HOUSE. Thero was a pretty largo attendance at Weston's Opera-house last evening. The en- tertainment given by Mr. Chapman-consist- ing of feats of legerdemain, and exhibitions of " spiritualism"-was much the same as on previous ôvehings. Tho various tricks woro cloverly performed ; and Master Will showed considerable improvement ¡n his part as a I "spiritual medium." The "explanation" of the process by which the assistant manages to describo tho articles which are handed to Mr. Chapman by tho audienco was taken as vory explicit, and applaudod in proportion, Tho "sackful of ghosts" was a part of the entertainment introduced with a great deal of ilourish, but tho rosult seemed vory small for the amount of time that was occupied in producing it. On Monday, tho 22nd inst., wo observo, Weston and Hussoy's minstrels, atpiesent at Ballarat, will mako their re- appearance at tho old place. DUKE OF EDINBURGH THEATRE. The attendance at this place of amusement was not largo. Tho programólo consisted of "Monsieur Jacques,"' "The Widow's Vic- tim," and "Solon Shingle"-tho same as on tho1 previous ovoning. The aoting of Mr. Fiank Drew and Mr. G. H. Rogors mot with frequent applause In " Solon Shingle" Mi. Drew played tho part of Solon with consider- able merit ; but tor htmsolf and Mr. Rogors, »as Hugh Winslow, this part of the entertain- ment would hayo been very dull. Miss Bentley* certainly created somo amusement, but it was becauso Mrs. Otis, as represented byhor.Vwas (as usual) mado to appear a young instead »of an elderly lady j and when she was addressed by Charles Otis (Mr. Andrews), who looked ever so much oidor, as "my mother," thoro was goneral laughter among tho audience. THE WAXWORKS. This interesting exhibition carno in for a fair share of public patronage, being visited by a considerable number of persons In the courso of tho day. Several additious havo been mado to tho collection during tho last two months, and tho new proprietary soem anxious to maintam the former reputation of ' tho oxhibition, by adding anything of in- terest when the opportunity offois, I " ' ','.'' , 