T?E SPIRITUALISTIC COMLMISSION (F'rom, toc .Ecnamoinc" and London Rcvicw.) Tote appointment of a commission to inquire into the habits and customs which obtain in the othlor world is, oven in these times, a novelty. So far as the results of the in quiry have boon publislheod, we do not learn very much that is now; but there are several curious points in the report which are cer tainly wortlhy of notice. Hitherto the anxious inmquiror who would fain believe in spiritualism has ordinarily mot with the stumbling-block about the clothes which spirits wear. A ghost walking about in a perpetual dross-coat provokles inquiries about thie constitution and origin of the shadowy garment. However, one lady informed the sitting committee that she had soon a naked spirit. Slhe failed to doscribo its appear anco, althoughl " the figuro was defined." She remarked, nevertheoloss, that this rude ghost produced a noise like the rustling of silk, from whicho we are led to infer that a spirit whiclh valks about clad in sound is not such a creature as a lady would care aoou ratoly todescribo. The committee, our readers may not be aware, was appointed by the Dialectical Society, a small body which has come into prominence once or twice of late. The first mooeeting of the committee was hold last wooeek; and the statements made at the moeet ing are detailed in the Eastern Morning Post, whence we cull those few particulars. Thie first witness, we are given to under stand, was a barristor, and thorofore likely to be capable of valuing evidence. There was no vague hlesitation about this gentle man's attitude; he at once plunged into an arrangement of spiritual phenomena, and proceeded to describo the varioun groups. He was strong on the subject of "levita tions;" and evidenced the "levitation" of Mr. Home, when that ingenious person was carried out of one window in a house and put in at another. This is a form of amuse ment which might have serious consequences. We know that spirits are imperfect beings. They somotimes meeoot with difficoulties in spelling. They have boeen known to play out of tuno; and they have produced pic tures suggestive of colour-blindnoss. Now, it is just possible thlat they might over esti mate their strongthl in engaging to "loevi tats" an ordinary stout medium, and be compelled to drop him midway into some back-gardon. The barrister also referred to thie " levitations" of inanimate objects, in which the spirits also delight. He had seen. a piano in his house raised horizontally off thie ground, and kept there for two or three minutes. Other observers have also' des cribod their seeing a whole square of houses being whirled rapidly round, accompanied by a peculiar manifestation on the part of the lamp-posts, by which they seemed to be doubled in number. However, what in variably puzzles us about "lovitations" is that the spirits should so gratuitously throw away their power upon usoless experiment. Since lifting a ton or two is a matter of no moment to theom, why should they not be induced to give us n helping hand in tihe affairs of lifo ? Vo do not want our pianos suspended in the air, bocatlse they might come down suddenly 'and with disastrous results; but we do want vehicles drawn, and stones carried, and scaffolding' raisod, and so forth. If, for example, the contractors for the building of the now law courts could engago Mr. Home to prevail upon a band of willing spirits to iassist in that great undertaking, we should begin.to forgive thie spiritual world its sins in the way of bad grammar, imporfect music, and blundering divination. This hand of work men would need no food, would waste no hours upon breaklfast or dinner, would go without pay, and never grumble if compelled to work overtime-in shlort,. they would be most invaluable servants, if they could only . he persuaded to hoop in good temper and play no pranks. Of course, the other work men would have to remain at a respectful distanco; because, if a cockr happened to crow whoen a particular company of spirits were "levOVitating" a block of granite, a cnatastroplhe might occur. WVo commend this notion to Mr. Lowe; if Ine insists upon the embankment site Ie will need all the clhoapening aid Ihe can got. Some other phlonomena mentioned by the barrister are sufficiently singular; and two ladios volunteeoored testimnony as to his fidelity of description. The barrister (and tihe ladies, too, we presume) " witnessed the elongation and shiorteoning of Mr. HIomo's person many times." This does not seem to us a spiritual manifestation; but no mat ter. "A At Mr. 8. O. Hall's, about three months ago, Mr. IHomo and Miss I3ortolacci were simultaneously elongated." It must be comforting, when one finds oneself bIeing slowly drawn out, like a telescope, to know that if the spirits forget to reverse the pro coss one will havo a companion in that exalted and unfortunato state. Giants ex hibit best in pairs. The barrister then mon tioned instances of persons having, unin jured, taken liberties with firo. A metal bell, heated to rodness, was placed in a lady's hand without causing pain. Lord Adaro hold in his palm a live coal. Mr. Home put his head into flames, and tlhe flames ran through his hair, without his receiving any injury. In the days of tlhe miracle-plays, Mr. Homo would have boon invaluable in the character of Shadrach, Moeshech, or Abodnogo; the remaining two figures could have boon represented by dunm mies previously placed inside the oven. "The Hon. Mrs. II-- " now toolk nup the wondrous tale, and describod thle events of a certain Sunday evening at her house. She and her companions weoro seated in a room "' which would hlave boon dark but for the moonlight." First, there came a rap at the window; then a figure appeared; anid, finally, figures came trooping in by dozens. Tho first offeoot of this spiritual visitation was that the atmosphere grow wonderfully cold, which is a suggestion tlhat the spirits had not come from below. The spirits did little beyond glare with bright eyoes. How over, one of the company made a witty re marklr, and all the spirits laugIhed witllh joy. Thiis s a gratifying discovery. If our future fate is to be condemned ignominiously to play accordions and scroll names on paper for the benefit of a number of olderly ladies, one feeools glad that there is also a prospect of our retaining the capacity for laughter. With brighlt eyes we shall still be able to road our favourito hunmourists, and with vocal organs we shall still be able to express our delight. nBut it was the same lady who declared tlhat the spirits went about even loss clad than the young ladies of a transformation scene; and this prospect is somewhat calculated to damp our antici pations. " Schrockliches Qosicht !" cries Faust, the first time he sees a ghost; and if it is permitted to spirits that they may wan der everywlero, including into my lady's chamber, it is to be hoped that the property master will honceforth not allow them to go out without their togas and kilts. 