THE TURF IN NEW SOUTH WALES A.J.C. RANDWICK MEETING, 1869. Saturday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, 4th, 9th, 10th, and 11th September. FIRST DAY— SEPTEMBER 4. [From the Australasian.] The glories of the Derby Day have in no way departed. Beautiful weather, a large and fashionable company, fine fields of horses, with close and exciting raching, inaugurated the open- exciting racing, inaugurated ing day at Rand wick, and the campaign of the season '69 and 70, has commenced under aus pices the most encouraging. The drop scene fell last autumn on the meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, after a mwt successful year's racing. The beat horse Australia ever produced, then made his farewell bow to the turf, leaving behind him a name that few of his kind ever gained in any part of the world; and in his new sphere of action aa lord of the harem at TocaL we predict that his children's children wQI shed lustre on th? glorious deeds of their forefather, and that the Barb will be remembered as long as there is a "Buff" ora Stud Book in exis tence. There is an old saying that "there are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it," but when shall we see the Demon's like again? Is there one amongst the rising generation ? Time alone can telL But this we can safely say, that for good looks, fine condition, and perform ances, so far as they go, there is no fall ing off in the breed of ths Austra lian hone, as th? majority of the field which this day contested for that coveted honor —the blue ribbon of the turf—show?. Victoria hag for yean tried to wrest both the Derby and St Leger from New South Wales, and up to the present time once only has she been suc cessful, and that in one of the most memorable contests known in the annals of Australian racing, wh?n Fishhook cut the Barb down like mincemeat in the autumn of 1866, after a struggle for mastery the like of which has sel dom been witnessed on any racecourse, and few horses would have come out scatheless from so desperate a cut-throat game, far less victorious, S3 the great son of Fisherman and Marchioness didnn that occasion. Last year when the sons of also a scion of the house which the hero of a hundred fights has founded in these colonies, made their appearance on the Flemington course, Victorians felt proud of the young?teis, and the close and exciting contests between the sons of Juliet and Gaslight gave them unbounded confidence in being able to gun fresh laurels on tha green sward of Band wick. The struggle over the Champagne Stakes showed that these colts met foes worthy of their steel, for the game manner the Fop came to the rescue when his stable companion Barbarian, compounded to Lamplighter, was something to remember ; and afterwards in the Nursery Handicap, when the black son of Sir Hercules and Young Guln&re;, receiving 10 lbs. in weight, took the bit in hia month when the flag fell, and never gave the Victorian pair a ghost ot a chance. These varying results ren dered the Randwick Derby a race of great in terest and speculation during the recess, and it was not forgotten how Moselle polished off the Demon's brother at Homebush, seemingly show ing a line whereby the daughter of Cossack ought to be considered one of the cracks of the season. Nor has the high reputation which was given to Detective by his clever owner pre vious to his intended appearance as a two year-old been lost sight of, and the fol lowers of the lucky stable were not loth to believe in the prowess of this chesnut son of New Warrior. These may be said to have received the greater share of public support it the betting market, and as the day drew nigh the training ground at Randwick saw constant crowds of anxious visitors, watch ing the preliminary preparation of the horses being " put through the miU." Idle Boy, also a son of New Warrior, was not only fancied for his beautiful shape and highbred appearance, but for the manner he used to get through his work, with that clever hack Sir. Baldwin had provided Holmes to act the schoolmaster. Agnes, too, was not friendless, as it was ob served that Warrior, in spite of her lameness, had enough to do to shake her off in her gallops, and the game manner she used to struggle to best him was a convincing proof she was a ster ling daughter of that game son of Hercules, Yattendon, who h?d often proved the worth of the blood which flows in the veins of so illus trious a family. Lamplighter had most friends, however, of the lot, during the winter months, until rumors, a few weeks back, were afloat of there being a " screw loose," when he fell from his high estate of first favorite, and his place was taken by Barbarian, but his tenure of office was of short duration, as one fine morn ing his owner publicly declared that it was "all up a tree" with his black colt, who, accordingly, took "aback seat," and although he did show out for a few days taking his melancholy walks before the pen was put through his name on the 30th of last month, neither takers nor layers cared (o meddle with such a dangerous customer in so sorry a plight. There were many long faces over his downfall, as, barring accidents, his friends considered him a certainty. For a few days favoritism was in abeyance, as there was a great diversity of opinion who should be prime minister; but when the owner of Lamplighter came, like a young man from the country, he very soon dispelled the illusion as to there being a screw loose, as he sent the colt along at such a pace that re assured his friends and opened the eyes of unbelievers, and ten days or so before the race, so great was the rush to "get on" that the bookmakers had to put on the screw, and raise the rate of their discount to 2 to L His backers again cooled down, and during the last week he had to succumb to the Fop, who had been gradually gaining ground until he reached 3 to 1, taken, with the same price offered against the gentleman who lights the lamps. The very mild manner Detective was being sent along was a mystery for weeks to bis supporters, but owing to the confidence reposed in not only the luck, but in the good management of his stable, he main tained his position in the market, fluctuating between 4 and 5 to L, until he also touched 3 tc 1\. Whisperings as to the shaky state of Charon's fetlock joints made backers shy, more especially as lately his owner persistently refused all the tempting offers against him, having got " on" months ago. The colt went on with bis work notwithstanding the rumors, and as there was no appearance of a flaw during his last gallops, he increased in favor until he reached 7 to 2. Unknown to the public, however, it was touch and-go with the Ferryman of the Styx. Moselle did not please ths cognoscenti in her gallops, and her last flutter with the Italian sent her to the rightabout, and she had to resign the premiership amongst the fillies to Agnes, who advanced to 12 to 1; 103 to 5 was offered against any other of the young ladies. Mr. De Mestre's pair finding now and then a few friends, especially Quiver, by Archer, from Lauristina, whose beautiful style of action was universally admired. Considering the fluctua tions which the market has shown for some time back with regard to the candidates for so great an event ua the Derby, it is rather an ex traordinary thing to record that four horses were within half a point of one another in the betting the evening before the day, and the ups and downs which took place with regard to the favorites must have made the Derby a good betting race for the ring. TattersalTs was thronged in the evenings, and with the excep tion of double and treble events betting transac tions were limited, and the Calcutta sweeps were indulged in only to the same moderate extent A good line was, however, nightly drawn as to how the " wind lay" with re gard to the favorites. There was little specu lation on the Trial Stakes, for which Or ville was the most deciled favorite, and the great uncertainty that hung over Barbelle's starting for the President's Handicap, which looked a moral for her, prevented many from operating until they saw who would put in an appearance at the post The Innkeepers' Sffkes and the Epsom Handicap were treated in the same way, the offers about the but race being 10 >to 15 on the field. The Derby and Metropolitan absorbed nearly all the betting, with Tim Whiffler at 7 to 2, BarbeUe at 6 to 1, the Earl at 8 to 1, for the favorites for the latter event. Such was the state of affairs up to last night. We must now proceed to give an account of wnat took place on the day itself. By noon the trasses and cabs took the road to RandwicV, freighted inside and out The trustees were not unmindful for the safety and comfort of Her Majesty's lieges, as men had been at work for several days previous putting the worst parts of the temporary road into repair. If the dust was a nuisance, the effluvium from Moore-park as we passed was anything but a nosegay. However, people willingly submit, as the improvements made and about being carried out will render the road to Randwick in two or three years a pleasant drivo through a handsome domain planted with Norfolk Island pines and rare shrubs, also parapets, terraces, parterres, and artificia lakes, instead of through *'hummocks" of sand covered with scrub and fern. On our arrival on the course we found a goodly com pany assembled. Tne grand stand was wel filled, and the lessees of the St Leger and Derby stands had no reason to complain of the patronage awarded them. The Vice-Regal corner was occupied by the Governor, the Earl of Belmore, and his Countess, surrounded by a large circle of tbe fltte of Sydney, and the sprinkling of ladies, although presenting a sad comparison to the "gay and festive seene 1" a t Flemington, was larger than .is usually seen at the AJ.C. meetings. Fanctuil to time, the ever-welcome sound of the bell announced that the proceedings of the day had commenced, and that the racing season was opened. At 1 o'clock five candidates for the Trial Stakes went out to open the ball, Mr. Tait's Orville being entrusted with the greater nortion of the betting money at the short odds Sf t to 2 although the Baron came just before Sf the SdXk, and was backed at 2 to L The riie wsi a good one, with a close finish, half a length separating the first three. Juamta mad? the running, when the Baron, followed by Orville, came most gamely in the end, re •ultingin favor of Mr. Winch's horje. Nine wenttut to contest the President's Handicap, with Barbelle at even money against the field. Notwithstanding the hue and cry about tha weights, the run ww a rery fine one, as the lot kipt well together all the way, ending in • dead heat between Barbelle sad Sir William, j The weight told on Ragpicker, and Davis wisely pulled her off when he found he had no chance, A protest was immediately lodgec against the two first hones by the owner o! Bawden. Sir William has grown into a grand horse and was very fit; so were Blabbei and Bawden, although the latter has not grown much since last year. Of coarse, after luncheon there was a large muster in the saddling pad dock to scan the Derby candidates, and the four favorites had their several partisans abort them in crowds. There was no fault to find with the appearance of any of them, and as they loft the paddock it was considered one of the most open Darbys that had yet been ran for. THE TBIAL STAKES, Of 4 sovs. each, with 40 sovs. added. For three-year-olds and upwards, which have not won a prize exceeding 50 sovs. in value op to time of entrance. One mile and a quarter. Entrance, 1 sov. Mr. Winch's b.g. the Baron, by Tarragon, 4 yrs., 8 st 9 lbs. (T. Brown) 1 Mr. J. McQoade's b.t Jnanita, 3 yrs., 6 st 12 lbs. (A. Shoe) 2 Mr. J. Tait's br.h. Orvflle, aged, 9 st 8 lbs. Ashworth) , 3 Mr. J. De Clonett'a b.g. the Gift, aged, 9 at 5 lbs. (F. Martiner) 0 Mr. A. Thompson's ch.g. Hector, 3 yrs., 7 st (Biginbotham) 0 Mr. J. Tait's ch.m. Poison (late Sweetheart), 6 yrs., 9 st 3 lbs. dr. Mr. R. Dines's b.c Little Dick, 3 yrs., 7 st dr. Mr. Lee's ch.f. Ladylike, 3 yrs., 6 st. 12 lbs. dr. Mr. T. Ivory's ch.f. Lady Elizabeth, 3 yrs., 6 st. 12 lbs. dr. Betting—3 to 2 agst Orville, 2 to I agst the Baron, 4 to 1 agst Juanita. After one break away the flag fell, when the Baron got on his legs first, bnt was immediately passed by Jnanita, who led to half-way down the distance, followed by the Baron, Orville, and the Gift, about two lengths behind; here Orville made his endeavor, bat failed, when the Baron also came out, caught the leader, and defeated her by half a length, the same distance separating Juanita and the Baron. Mr. Thomp son's colt outpaced. Time, 2 min. 17 sees. THE PRESIDENT'S HANDICAP, Of 12 sovs. each, h. ft. Entrance fee only if declared by26th August, with 150 sovs. added; for then four-year olds. One mile and three furlongs. Second horse 24 sovs. from the prize. Weights on the 16th August A winner of any handicap thereafter to carry 5 lbs. extra. Entrance, 3J sovs. Mr. A. Town's br.h. Sir William, 7 st 11 lb. (J.Davis) t Mr. E. Lee's ch.m. Barbelle, 7 st Clb. (Lewis) t Mr. Chaafe, ns. h. Bawden, 7 st. 4 lb. (Finn) 3 Mr. E. De Mestre's b.h. Marksman, 7 st 8 lb. (Atkins) 0 Mr. D. Melhado's b.m. Coquette, 8 st 12 lb. (Thompson) 0 Mr. H. Fisher's br.m. Ragpicker, 8st 41b. (A. Davis) 0 Mr. A. Town's br.g. Darkie, 8 st 41b. (Ramsay) 0 Mr. C. Baldwin's ch.m. Regalia, 7st. 121b. (Holmes) 0 Mr. J. T. Ryan's ch-h. Blabber, 6 st 81b. carried 7 st. 21b. (Mortimer) 0 Mr. a Bradbury's b.ni-Al, 6 st 101b. ...dr. Betting.—Even on Barbelle, 4 to 1 against Sir William, 5 to I against Marksman. After a deal of fiddling at the post, and one false start, the lot got well off, with Bagpicker in front. At the rocks Blabber took the lead, and led them along the back of the course. When they reached the last turn they all got together, with Bagpicker last Birbelle had rather the best of it at the distance, when Sir William came up and collared the favorite opposite the Stand, and the pair ran a dead heat to the winning-post, Bawden a length behind, third. Tune, 2 min. 314 sea THE AUSTRALIAN DEBBT STAKES, Of 30 sors. each, h. ft; 5 sovs. only for those which declared on the Cth May. For three year-olds. Colts, 8 st. 10 lbs. ; fillies, 8 st 5 lbs. The second to receive CO sovs. out of the stakes. One mile and a half. Entries closed with 44 subs. Mr. Hurtle Fisher's br.c. Charon, by Ferry man—Juliet (Morrison) 1 Mr. W. Forrester's ch.f. Moselle, by Cossack— Crucifix (Ramsay) 2 Mi. J. Lee's b.c. The Fop, by Sir Hercules— Vi:uty (Thompson) 3 Mr. E. De Mestre's ch.L Archeress, by Archer—Bnby( Atkins) 0 Mr. J. Tait's ch-c Detective, by New War rior—Edith (Ashworth) 0 Mr. J. DriscoU's br.f. Agnes, by Yettendon —Y. Moonshine (Bennett) 0 Mr. Chaafe ns b.c Bay Regent, by Rioter— Queen of Trumps (H. Kayne) 0 Mr. J. Lee's ch-f. Ladylike, by Sir Hercules —Maid of the Oaks (C. Green) 0 Mr. W. Pearson's br.c Lamplighter, by Fer ryman—Gaslight (S. Davis) 0 Mr. O. Baldwin's b.c Idle Boy, by New Warrior—Valetta (Holmes) 0 Mr. S. H Terry's ch.c Lottery, by New Warrior—Item (Bishop) 0 Betting—3 to 1 agst Fop, 3 to 1 agst Lamp lighter, 3 to 1 agst Detective, 4 to 1 agst Charon. Charon and Lamps got away with the lead, Ladylike next At the back of the coarse the fied ws.3 well together. At the St Leger corner, Fop went up into second place. At the last turn, Larapligterand Fop were leading, with Charon close at their heels, Moselle next. On entering the Btraight, Lamps, Fop, and Charon closed together, Moselle joining issue with them, and a desperate race ensued, Charon answering most gamely to Morrison's determined efforts, and winning by a head, half a length between the second and third. Time, 2min. 47$sec [Our special report was dispatched imme diately after this race. ] (Bt electric Telegraph.) THE INKBEFEBS' STAKES, Of 7 sovs. each, with 70 sovs. added, for three-year-olds and upwards, which have not won a prize exceeding 100 sovs. in value up to the time of entrance; a winner of such a prize thereafter to carry 3 lbs. extra. Maidens at starting allowed 5 lbs. One mile and three quarters. Second horse 14 sots, out of the prize. Entrance, If sova. Mr. E. Lee's b.c Surbiton, by Kingston, 3 yrs. 1 Surbiton took the lead, was never afterwards headed, and won apparently as he liked. THE EPSOM HANDICAP, Of 5 sovs. each, h. ft, entrance-fee only if declared by 26th August, with 50 sovs. added. For three-year-olds and upwards. One mile. Second horse 10 sovs. from the prize. Weights on the 16th August A winner of any hnwdiixip thereafter to carry 8 lbs. Entrance, LJ sovs. Mr. Winch's br h. Circassian, by Chevalier, 6 yrs.. 9 st 5 lbs. 1 Mr. P. J. Keighran's b.g. Sir Walter, aged, 7st91bs ... 2 Mr. Winch's b.g. The Baron, 4 yri., 6 st 13 lbs. 3 This was a good nee from start to finish. Time, 1 min. 46 sees. 