. , TUB RACES. ' ? - By Sir IIeiidui.ks. ? ? Tlmro seem to tne to bo. many mattois of ini poitanco eonncetod with ourfortlicoming meeting that have lulled, .to. attract the uttuntion of those veterans ' Nimrod1' and ' Jorrocks' Ghost.' II may ho said that it is too late. now lo find fault with the programme and Handicaps, and fur this year no doubt it is ; hut as some nf Iho gotilleiiE'iv now, -acting as. stewards' may wry -possibly receive the honour nf- being called upon to act again nexl year, a word or two of, advice amy not be ouL of phicp. [ endoiBO *? Nimrnd's' . opiniim In a grant extent, but ho appi'iii's to have been afraid to -'go the distance,' and stoppod half way. Now, when I start-, I moan to go all tho way. -1 will first say that I btilicvii all the errors -they have made are. solely attributable to thoir inexperience in the matter. they have taken in hand/and will venture to say that if the sumo gentlemen have to net next . year we shall see. many improvements in -their programme. , - Well, then, lo begin wilh : Lot me -compliment those gentlemen who had tho einvassing of tha district for subscriptions for the very efficient manner in which those dutios wore performed; and cougratuiate them on tho really crcditablo sum they have; raised; to their exertions mainly we owe the success ot the meeting. ; . Now for -tlio programme. **-ft is not usually thought that a mouth iB sufficient preparation for a hoise off- The grass to gallop two miles and over at top speed; and as it was impossible to give longer time for preparation-, the stewards wuuli' have dono wisely to have ahortonod the distances by half in every raee on the. programme, 'l'hcy seem to have forgotten tiiatrthe Gympie Race course, is not a, Uandwick .-orFleniiugton,- where thousands have bcon.e^puadcd iu converting the .nntUTully hard ground into soft spongy turf. And oveu at thoso two-places', where tlioy liavo tjie best coursos, offer tlio largest prizes, and draw together the best horses and largest fields in the colonies, their, Jockey Clubs are year by your 'shortening thu distances of their races, es(ieei«lly ut the mid summer. mooting, as instanced by the abandon ment of tho Port Phillip Stakes— £500— this your at Fleinington.' In thu distribution of the money, . I do not see tlint J,ho stewards of the'Gympio Race /Meeting .havo been -any more suecesslul than in the distances tluiy havo chosen. Races are not merely held for thu amusement ol tho publio, hut as an encouragement- to tho breeders n! thorough bred stock. 'Prizes are therefore given to briug oat good horses. Now, training horses is expen sive work, nuil if only good prizes urn offered, only good horses will have a chance of winning. Wore there no snuill stakes at a meeting* wo should soon giva up training such a string of duffers as rrrtiy bu seen nny morning wending their wivy to -our raeeoour-e. The Bigg-rs' Corinthian Cup, with amatuin riders up, looks about us unsporting (if 1 may coin the word) an affair upon paper as any thing that, has eyor come across me, it -I except a Puckers' Pi, ice I once saw advertised, to bo ridden in pack saddles and halters. The Cup in ques tion, however, is a trophy that some might bo proud ot, although the gentleman who now holds it .will- not. be. altogether '16th to part with it. But I do not think the stewards are doing a -fair tiling in offering tliiscup as one worth £G0. To get perfectly qualified men as handienppors is, however, in a plnee like this, impossible. 'Ol one tiling 1 led sure, tlio gentlemen selected made the diaudicaps lo the best of their ability; still, their best efforts cpn 'hardly be 'considered ? successful. l am now going to 'point out souio of the most glaring defects in the weight? for the Town Plate, i'ho. lmn 'icappors oonsiuer Centipede is entitled to carry Ost. lOlhs., and I don't think his owner can fin 1 much fault with 'this. : 'But that Nonde script's pel ioi'maiiccs should.- bring him within 8ibs of, pci-lmps, 'th i best horse in Queensland is absurd' What lias lie done 'to be treated to -sufh a steadier as fist. -l)bs — 'the weight ho carried last year/' I hoard you say. True, but the 'Han dicap i§ lighter, and the top weight at least a stono better horse than tho top weight was last veur. Nond-h--cni t was bcutou in tho Publioans' Parse, two miles, lust year, by Sampson and Hermit ; :nnd in the Town Plate ho beat Samp son, who was giving him lOlbs, and Hermit, whom lie .?me*, at even weight. Nqwi^tlip handicapperB must think Slbs. makes a gre^ deal of difference ilia two-mile- and-a-half race, or they would surely imye made a greater 'difference betwoon 'Cen tipede ' and fjonilescript. Last year Sampson guve Non descript arid Hermit eoolt -lOlhs., aud was beaten by-hotW; and this year Nondescript has to give Sampson 41li8.,aud-Uermit a stone-; he therefore meets thorn both at a stone difference.. Now -lie might have' bdaten- Sampson a stone, in linn, 1, lmt; I dotibt it'; niid I think a stone off Sampson's hack would have' turneti'tlie tiihles/but there is; no doubt tb'iait'- had Hermit carried a Stone less 'ho would linvc/won the race. 'Of the western horses I know but littin, excepting that/ RoaHoke ran1'1 pretty well up iu the 'Ipswioh Handicap liist year, won by Centipede, and 'that Royalty beat ; Samp son, weight Jor age, in the Shorts, ot Gayndah. To each of these horses Nondescript givos lumps of weight. : I think tho Maryborough horses are weighted out of 'the race;; but of course ' tho proof oftho pudding is iu the' eating,' and ''you never can tell 'till. the numbers are up.!' I may have something more to say, when the acceptances are in. ' ^ 