READING AT. THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. ... The large hall of'tho?Moehanice' was crowded on Taesday evening, on the occasion of the second public three penny reading.' Mr. E. Boyes ocoupled the chair. Although' the selections chosen by thoso who took part in the entertainmont were nearly all of a satiable character so far - as matter goes, yet i many were far too lengthy for the occasion, and nomi were' read in a lone of voice quite inaudible to those in- the-middle of the room. To the latter olroumetanco, "we' beolevo, mnay ba' atributed' much' of the annoyance on .?nioned, by, th'e.impatienoe. of, the audience, expressed in stamping, .&o;,, during. some of the li'reading. Very few adults would sit patiently for a, quarter of an hoar, when they could not hear one word that waso being road, or where,' on thoe other hand, the reading was altogether ~ythout point or, interest,. and, of courseit cannot be expected that juvediles should bear such an infliction patiently. Still, some little allowance should be made in a case where persons come forward with the sole object of.'catering to 'the general entertain mont, and we certainly think the feeling of dissatisfaction was expressed too freely on this occasion, as it was annoying to many in the audienco as well as to'the ohairman and the readers. The singing of Miss Panton and Miss Staff was greatly admired, and both were rapturously encored. Many of the read ings and recitatlona,'also, were well received, thelatter particularly, as they were all short and telling. Mr. Lilly gave" Mary's Ghost" in first-rate style,' causing mch amuseoment by the introduionlo of one or two local references, when describing the ' boning" of Mary's "atomy" by the body-snatohers. The other persons who took part were Messrs.: Linly Norman, who presided at the piano; H. Dean, R. Bonnoll, Tole, G. Pullen, W. Chick, Brown, Ogilvie, and Gerald Fitzgerald.' j At the close of the entertainment, the chair man announced that on Tuesday ovening next, the Rey. Mr. Crawford will deliver a lecture in that room, subjeot:" Canada." 