TALES AND SKETCHES. _ ? ay '. BATHER AN ADVENTURE— FOR ' AN UNDERGRADUATE. [FBOM CHAMBEBS' JOUBHAL.l ' For Heaven's Bake, take me over 1' So cried a pale panting man to William Egerton, who was Bonding easily down the reedy river Cam. Egerton looked np in the direction of the cry, and saw a eight which gave him a shook, and made him ' hold up ' his boat immediately. The man who had called out ao piteouaiy clambered down the bank to the very edge of the water, where he stood with blood pouring from his nose, his face like that of a ghost, his dreBs disordered, his neokorohief awry, his hat pressed tightly over bis head, his long hair hanging about like a bundle of snakes, and ' his hands clasped imploringly before him ob he repeated his cry ; ?' For Heaven's sake, sir, take me over 1 Do, for Heaven's Bake, pat me across I' 'Why can't yon go over the ferry?' asked Egorton discontentedly. ' This isn't a ferry-boat.' ' For Heaven's sake, put me across T'repeatsd ths man, stretoh ing out his hands as if to catch hold of Egerton's boat. 'Do pat me across— the devils are after me !' ' What devils ?' asked Egerton. 'The bailiffd— the bailiffs 1 Oh, pat me aoross 1' 'I doabt whether my boat will' hold both of us,' grumbled Egerton. ' Here, catch the end of my scull, and pull the the boat ia. Gently, gently, or you'll capsize me.' For the man had eagerly seized the scnll and very nearly npset the boat, whioh, though it was not aanvas-oovored, and though it was called at Cambridge a tub, was in reality a very light flkiff, snob as many a mother would think it dangerous for her darling son to trast himself in alone. Howbver, the miserable man wan able, and apparently delighted to get into even so frail a craft. Egerton pushed off very oarefally, and just as he had dipped his sculls for the first stoke, be heard a hoarse, dull, con fused roaring in the distance, and the wretohed passenger cried; 'Qaioker — quicker; they're a-coining : can't ye hear ' em ?' Egerton was on the point of making on angry rejoinder, for he didn't at all like the man's tone; but young men of twenty sympathise with those who aro escaping from the bailiffd, and he merely replied coolly : ' All right, my friend ; as soon as I get settled to my work, I '11 take yon across like a Bhot. I don't know whether you care about your trousera and things, but the blood from your nose is dropping all over them.' The man only shook his head carelessly, and kept bis eyes fixed oa the opposite bank Egerton gave way with a will, and as he had to steer for himself, he was obliged occasionally to turn his head to see where he was going.: Once as he faoed about again, and looked to wards his passenger, he saw the latter watching a number of circles in the water astern of the boat. As the passenger twisted his head back to its former position, the boat gave a lurch, and Egerton said angrily : 'You'd better sit still, my friend ; what the deuce were you looking at?' 'Nothing.' 'You were looking at somothing, I'm sure, for I saw the circles in the water myself ; I suppose a fish jumped.' ' Yes, that were it, mister,' said the passenger dreamily ; ' a fish jumped— I see it.' By this time they had reached the opposite bank, for the Cam is a narrow river ; and the man, having got ashore, ran np the steep path which led down to the river as fast as his legs would carry him, without speaking a word or looking behind him. 'Well,' thought Egerton, as he pulled away, ' he might have said ' Thank'ee ' at snyrate ; but I suppose he ib in too great a funk to be civil.' As he rowed along leisurely towards the favourite inn on the river's bank, he heard the voices of the; pursuers getting plainer and plainer as they came nearer and nearer, and it sounded 'as if they were shouting ' Murder ! murder!' He laughed as ho thought of the dodge the bailiffs must have used to get a crowd to assist them. in the pursuit of a poor runaway whose only crime was probably shortness of work, which waa necessarily followed by arrears of rent ; and he chuckled aa he thought of the start he must have helped the fugitive to got; for the bridge was half a mile off, and the nearest ferry was close at hand certainly, but had nobody in attendance, as the young gentlemen at college, who. were the chief patrons of the ferries, were nearly all of them away for the long vacation. Egerton was one of the few still left at Cambridge, where he was supposed to be reading for his next examination. He could now distinctly hear voices calling upon him tostop,butheonly quickened his stroke, and knew he should be at The Plough almost as soon as soon as any of themcouldget across to the towing-path, whioh was on the other side of the river, and which was by far the nearest way for foot-passengers. At the inn he would undoubtedly find other boats like bis own, and who should say in which the fugitive debtor had been helped across the river ? Besides, the bailiffs couldn't do anything — beyond abusing him, if they cared or dared to abuse him — oven if. they knew to whom they owed (he spoiling of the chase. So he 'spurted' cheerfully down to The PJough, put up bis boat amongst several otters like his own, and sauntered into the smoking-room, where he was soon m»aged in a game of bngtuelle with one of the many young gentle men who were there, aud who were supposed, ns he was, to be spending their vacation nt the University for the purpose of studying ancient languages or mathematics. Ho was not half through his first game when there was heard from the towing-path a tremendotiB shouting, and a hoarse cry of ' Boat ! boat !' He rushed out with the rest, and Btood on the lawn whilst a boat went aoross to the towing path and brought over about a dozen persons, among whom there were two men who evidently were in authority, for Ihey ordered the rest about in a high and mighty manner, and one of the two, turning to the lad in charge of the moored skiffs, asked, with the air of one who had a right to ask: 'Which of these boats came in last, pray ?' The boat-keeper without hesitation pointed to Egerton 'a. ' And which of you young gentlemen,' cont;nued the questioner, ' rowed down m this boat ?' Ho waB answered by a careless laugh from the knot of yonng men in flannel garments and straw hats, and by a scornful inquiry: ' What the diokens has it to do with you ?' The two men who assumed so much authority consulted together in a whisper, carefully examined Egerton's boat, then one of thorn having apparently taken the measure of the young oars-men, said civilly : ' If yoa young gentlemen will come with us into a private room, I think I can make it plain to you what the dickens it has to do with us.' The young oarsmen interchanged looks of inquiry ';? and when Egerton exclaimed : ' Oh 1 come along ; let us hear what they have to say,' a general move was made towards the inn ; and the two men in authority and the young oars men looked themselves in a private room, everybody else being left outside. One of the two men immediately opened the proceedings by Baying in a severe tone of voice : ' This is a very serious business, gent'e men. I hold a warrant for the apprehension of a man, and here is the warrant. Wetraoked the man ; found out the house where ho was and we had, almost reached his hiding-place, when somehow or other he got wind of it, and bolted towards he river. He had a goodish start of as, thongh he did come down a cropper (and hurt himself,! should say) jumping a low wail ; but we kept in sight all across the common, and we saw him landed on the other side of the river by somebody in oho of these skiffs young gentlemen use, and dressed, as far as wo could see, exactly as you aro dveesed. If it was one of you, we depend on you to tell ub which it was.' '....'. There was a short silence, and then ono of the young oarsmen asked : ' What bad tho man been doing?' 'He is suspeoted,' unswered the officer solemnly, ' of doing murder.' There was a start and exclamation of horror amongBt the young oarsmen, and all eyes were turned expectantly towards Egerton, who, palo as a sheet, and horror-stricken at the notion of having aided a murderer, could scarcely find voice enough to say : ' I put him aoross : he said the bailiffs wero after him.' 'I daresay he did,' remarked the officer drily ; ' and now yoa have thrown us off the aoent. I suppose you didn't Bee which way he went?' 'I oouldn't answered Egerton disconsolately ; 'he was hidden direotly by the wood : and when he get to the top of the lane, there were fivo roads for him to choose from.' ' Exaotly,' rejoined the officer bitterly. ' I knew that : and the people were knocked up, and my mate ond I oouldn't go all fivo ways. You've mado a pretty ureas, youDg gontleman.' ' Is there nothing I can do ?' asked Egerton anxiously.' ' Should you know the man again ?' inquired the officer. 'Anywhere and in any disguiBO, I think,' answered Egerton, ' for I wutchod him care fully all the time I sat opposite to him, and I noticed amongst other things that he had lost two front teeth, and that ho had an anohor tattoed on bio left wriat.' 'Did be throw anything into tho river ?' asked the oilhor. Egerton started, as a sudden recollection flashed aoross him, and he replied:' I didn't see him drop anything in the rivor, but I remember well. that ho. nearly, capsizqd 'the boat by suddenly turning round and back ftgojn, ftud thRt_RUerwRdB;l saw Bovetal eixolej in the water, as if a fish had jumped, or some thing had been dropped in the river. He said a' fish had jumped, but your question makes me think it was not so.' ' Could you point out the spnt ?' inquired the officer. ' Yes,' answered Egerton, ' within a yard or so.' 'i And now, sir,' continued the officer, ' I must ask for your name and address.' Both were readily given, aud taken down. The two officers then muttering discontentedly that they had 'lost time enough already,' prepared to depart. Egerton went part of 'the way with them, and by earnest entreaty obtained from the principal, Sergeant Gumps, a promise that they would let him know from time to time how they succeeded in their searoh. ? , The river was dragged, under proper super intendence, at the spot indicated by Egerton, and amongst many] Btrauge articles fished up, there w&b; a life-preserver, which was taken possession of by the authorities. Egerton grew so restless' and sleepless with thinking of what he had done, that when a week had elasped daring which he had received no satisfactory intelligence, he determined to set out for Y ? , from which seaport Sergeant Gumps bad dated his last letter. He went to the lodgings of the sergeant, who was evidently very pleased to see him. 'How are you, Mr Egerton ?' exclaimed the sergeant cheerfully. 'I am delighted to see you, sir ; you've come in the nick of time. I w'flB just going to write to you, to ask you if you could make it convenient to come over here. There's news to toll you, sir.' 'Well,' said, Egerton, ' come over to my hotel in halfan hour and dine with me, and then you can tell mje all about it, I'm staying at The Albion.' 'I'll be there, air without fail,' said the sergeant. : He was as good aa his word ; and; when the meats of the Albion hod been removed, and the wines of The Albion were sparkling on the table between him ond. Egerton, he unfolded his tale and emptied bis glass at bis leisure. 'I'll begin at the beginning, sir,' he said. 'Of course you recollect that about a month ago there was a story in the papers about a man that kept a pike in Suffolk. The man had living with him his wife, and his wife's^mother, an old woman over seventy. One evening, the man and his wife went out to a merry-making, some miles off, leaving the old woman to take the pike-money and open the gate and all that. They'd done the same thing often enough before, and no harm came of it, as most of the people that went backwards and forwards on th'at road wore friendly with the pike-keeper, hiB wife and her mother; and many of foot passengers used to go into the.toli- honse, and sit a bit and have a talk. Amongst these was. a tramp called Jack Andrews. Nobody knew any harm of him : he was a handy chap, and was always tramping about the country doing odd jobs here and there. Well, the very even ing the pike-man and his wife went out to tho merry-making, Jack Androws happaned to go into the toll-house, and heard them talking about it, and aayijjg they shouldn't; he horse very likely before morning. Well, they didn't get., homo until one in tho morning, anil when tbey got home they found the cfoor of the toll-houso open, and when they went in they saw tho poor old woman deaJ on the ground, with her skull beaten in ; and the money that was ready for the colkctor, who waa expected to call next clay, was gone. It was a tidy Bflm, and all ia coin, There was an inquest, of eourse ; and it oamo out in evidence that Jack Andrews had known about the money and where it was put ; and a stranger, who drove thongh the toll gato be tween twelve at night and one, when there was generally little or no traffic on that road, said tho gate was opened to him by a man who, by the description, must have been Jack Andrews, though be ought by that time to have beon a good six hours' tramp away from the place. The verdict was an open one ; you know what fiat is, sir : ' Murder ngrainst some person or persons unknown.' However, I got a warrant for the apprehension of Jack Andrews. I never saw him, and I don't know anything more of him by sight than the glimpse I got as we. choviod him (for I 've no doubt, from my information, it was him) the other day, whan you came and spoiled tho business (excuse me, sir) with your boat. From inquiries wo have made, we've every reason to believe that tbo man you took over in your boat is now iu this town, and thinks he is going to sail the day after to- morrow for Australia. But I think wo shall spoil his little game, If you can swear ho is the man you put across the river, I can b wear the man you put across is the man we chased j^and I have evidence to prove that the man we chased is Jack Andrews. Whether he . committed the murder or not is another ques tion. The man I speak of goes every night to a public house in this town : I keep it well watohed, and I've sufficient force at hand far all emergenoioa. If you're no objection, we'll go to-night, where you can aoe him with out being seen yourself, nnd I can then decide what is to bo done.' 'I'll go once, if you lik-,' cried Egerton, Bpringing up excitedly. 'It ain't time yet, sir,' said the officer,' look ing coolly at his watch ;'' it isn't nine o'clock yet, and our man seldom goes to the public before ten, and never leaveB until it closes.' So coffee and cigars were ODJoyed ; and after wards, Egerton and the officer sauntered to The Angler. A nod of understanding wa3 ex changed between the officer and Ihe barmaid, and Egerton and the former were admilt9d within the bar, from whioh, {through a little circular window, they could command a full view oftbe taproom and ita occupants. The offioer arranged matters so that he and Egerton could, by ohauging places, soo every part of the taproom without being themselves seen ; and ho cautioned Egerton Bimply to watch and observe, ^nd not to make any remark about what he saw. Ho himself narrowly scanned his companion's behavior, and smiled grimly when he onco saw him half-rise from his ohair, open his mouth, and point with his finger, and then sink down again and shako his aB if ho had mado a mistake. This waB enough for Sergeant Gumps, who proposed just ono more glass of grog and then departure. Egerton ngroed, and aa he sipped his grog, looked ever and anon in a certain direction. Atlaet he sprang up, with a cry upon his lips ; but the other pulled him down, aud mado sig nals for silence. After a few compliments to the, barmaid, Sergeant Gumps (who had, of course, beon nil tbis time in plain clothes) suggested that it was time to go. Egerlou ossentod ; and as tho two strolled towards Egerton'a hotel, the sergeant and be were full of question and answer. ' Well,' said the sergeant, ' did you seo anything or nuybody in particular ? '? .' Well,' answered Egerton, ' I saw an awful lot of ruffians, and tho worst to look at was r brute with. » knobby stick 'w his hand, and a patch over one eye.' ' Ha, ha ! ' laughed the sergeant ; ' that was one of my mates. He does make up beautiful ; he's been taken on suspicion himself.' 'I don't wonder at it,' growled Egerton ; ' but I didn't see the man we were looking for.' 'Are you sure ?' asked the sergeant Blily. ' What made you jump up, and nearly cry out, eh ? ' ' Beoauso I fancied I did see him,' answered Egerton ; ' but,, though I thought I could swear to the man'd general look and ex pression, it couldn't have been he.' ' Why not ? ' inquired the sergeant. ' I rather believe in general expression myself .'. '. Why, the man I rowed over the river waB a white faced man, whereas this was as brown as' ? ' A great deal can be done with walnut juice,' interrupted the sergeant quietly. ' The man I rowed over tho river,' said Egerton, ' had long snake-like hair, whereas this man's hair was' ? ' There are plenty of barbers,' interrupted the sergeant again, ' who can cut and dye, and do all sorts of things to the hair.' ' Tho man I rowed over the river,' continued Egerton angrily, ' had lost two front teeth, and had on anchor tattooed on his left wrist,' whereas this had all- his front teoth to show, and '? ? ' A great piece of sticking-plaster on bis left wrist,' once more interrupted the sergeant : ' you didn't see that, Mr Egerton, did you ? I did, sir ; and let me tell you, I have heard of a dentist in this town who lately put in two front teeth for a common-looking man.' ?' I waB going to say I couldn't get a good look at his left wrist,' said Egerton pettishly, ' but yon interrupted me.' 'I beg your pardon, sir,' rejoined the sergeant. 'Then you think,' said Egerton snappishly, ' the man I was so much struck with was the man ? ' ' Ob, I don't think any thing at all about it, sir,' said the sergeant. ' All I want to know is, whether you saw anybody you could swear to as being, or being very like, the man you rowed over the Cam.' Egerton was silent for a moment or two, and then he said : ' It would be a frightful thing to take the wrong man.' ' Certainly,' assented the sergeant. ' Aud to-morrow is the last chance ? ' asked Egerton with vexation. ' You heard him say yourself, sir,' answered the sergeant in a tone of remonstrance, ' that he would give his farewell supper to his mates to-morrow night, and start the next morning for Australia.' Egerton reflected a little, and then said in a determined Voice : ' Look here, Sergeant Gumps ; I will go into The Angler to-morrow night, and into the taproom at the time this man given his supper, and I warrant I'll find out whether ho is or is not the man I rowed aoross the Cam. — What do you say to that ? ' ' It will be a dangerous job, air,' answered the sergeant quietly. ' It's a desperate set of villians he is going to stand supper to ; but he has invited my mate, who, of course, will be on your side, and I shall be in the bar, and thero'il be sovoral more of us within hail ; so I think, if you don't mind walking into tho taproom when supper's over, and grog is on, you might make things tolerably certiin. If it is tho man I think, he'll know you, and show it, whether you can recognise him or not.' ' Very well ; I'll be there at ten o'clock,' said Egerton ; ' and you may depend upon it. I '.1 find out whether it is our man or not.' The next night, at a little beforo ten, Egerton walked into the taproom at Ths Angler. The man he wanted to see was there, ladling out punch to five as ugly looking ruffians ( in- cluding tho police- officer) as Egerton had evor seen. There were two or three other cus tomers scattered singly about tho room. A3 Egerton, who had put on his b.oating- clotbos, not only as being best suited to tho place he intended to visit, but also as being most likely to lead to bis early recognition by the man he had rowed over the Cam, entored tho room, ho heard one of the punch-drinkers say : ' Friends, a toast. I ain't much of a chap to jaw, so I '11 givo it short and sweet — Luck to Bob Jtffreys, the giver o' the feast, and may he have a good time in Australia. ' The toast was duly honored ; aud as the man called Bob Jeffreys prepared to return thanks, and looked about him in search of ideas, he caught Egerton's eye, dropped his lower j*w, and stared with all his might. ' How are you ? ' ' said Egerton, nodding in a friendly way. ' I thiuk I 're seon you somowhoro before.'' ' Servant, sir,' growled Bob Jeffreys, 'thongh I can't say as I know you.' ' P'raps the gen'lman '11 jine ub, if he's a friend o' yourn, Bob,' said one of tho ruffians, making room.' Egerton advanced to the table with alacrity, and tho police-officer with the knobby stick managed to interpose himself between Jeffreys and Egerton : at the same time two of the men scattered singly about the room moved so as to be between the' punch- drinkera and the door. ' I'm . sure you must recollect mo,' , said Egerton blandly : ' didn't I put you across the Cam in my boat ? ' Bob Jeffreys looked as black aB thunder, but after a moment's hesitation, he replied : ' I don't know nothing about no Cam, nor no boats, nor nothing o' the kind. If you '11 take a glass 0' punch, you 're welcome ; but you ain't the gen'lman I took you for.' ' Then I must bo mistaken,' said Egerton resignedly. ' Yes, you are,' growled Bob Jeffreys; ' Aud being mistaken,' continued Egerton, ' I think that instead of drinking your punob, I ought to stand a bowl' All tke ruffians swore a frightful oath tb at Egerton spoke like a gentleman, and even Bob Jeflreya amiled grimly as he said : ' You couldn't say no fairer, young gen'lman : take a glass o' this with us, and then you shall stand the next bowl.' So Bob Jeffreys re turned thanks in a brief spoooh for the toast that had been proposed, and a second bowl of punoh was soon produced at Egerton's expense. As they W6-e drinking it, Egerton suddenly asked Jeffreys : ' What's the matter with your wrist ? ' ' What the devil is that to you ? ' was the fierce rejoiner. ' Oh, nothing ! ' answered Egerton quietly ; ' but I don't boo why you should tako offence.' ' No offence, sir, no offence,' returned Jeffreys, softening down ; ' but I got riled at everybody's asking me tho same thing : it's a little bit of a wound I got ; it isn't much.' And ho concealed his left hand under the table. ' Porbaps you are not awaro that tho plaster is working off,' re marked Egerton : ' I suppose the wound is nearly healed ? ' Jeffreys looked at his wrist, glanced sus piciously at Egerton, and then re- arranged the plaster, which had been worked up by hia shirt sleeve, until a sharp eyo could see the curved part of an anchor. ' Yes,' ho growled in tonio confusion ; ' it's very near well.' Eger ton now said it was time for him to go, nodded to the party, and with a general ♦' good-night,' sauntered out. In the bar he found Sergeant Gumps, to whom he whispered : ' I can swear to the man : he has two false front teeth, aud there is the anohor oa his left wrist. Besides, I 'yq he&rd; bta yoke, one] watched his face, mi ? ^ ? . ? : ? ? ? ^ ? ? J I can't make any mistake.' Sergeant Gamps smiled, and whispering, ' Follow me,' walked into the taproom, the door of which was im mediately leaned against by the two men who had been sitting close by it. As soon as Bob Jeffreys eaw Egerton return with Sergeant Gamps, he seemsd to have some misgiving.; and when the latter walked up and said : ' I 'm a police-aergoant, andl want you,' Jeffreys attempted to leap over the table, but was dragged down by the man with the knobby stick. ' You're another of 'em. I suppose,' he muttered, seeing how matters stood. — ' Come, lend a hand here, mates.' His mates .were preparing for a rescue, when Sergeant Gumps remarked calmly: 'It's a charge of murder;' whereupon they held aloof, and looked helplessly at one another. ; Jeffreys now made a desperate resistance, howled and . shrieked, cursed his mates, and uttered the most fearful threats ngainsfc Egerton ; but Sergeant Gumps soon produced a pair of handcuffs, in which, notwithstanding Jeffreys' piteous allusions to his wound, his hands were secured, the sergeant having previously taken the liberty of tearing off the plaster, and exposing to view no wound worso than a tattooed anchor of longstanding. It will easily be understood that Bob Jeffreys was proved to be no other than Jack Andrews, in whose chest was found a suit of clothes, some of whioh were stained with blood. Egerton certainly could and did state in evidence that the clothes, which were proved to have been those worn by Jack Andrews when he was rowed aorosa tho Cam by Egerton, were considerably stained with blood from the wearer's own nose. However, the lifepre server which was fished ap from the river wai sworn to as being exactly like one which Jack Andrews was in the habit of carrying before the murder, and which he never was known to have in his possession nfter ho had been rowed by Egerton across the Gam ; and the lifepre server was just the sort of instrument to inflict the injuries from which the old woman at the pike died. Moreover, a man, who could not well have been anybody except Jack Andrew?, had opened the turnpike gato at the very moment that the old woman must have been breathing her last ; and after the murder, Jack Andrews had appeared to be as unaccount ably familiar with cash as he had before been accountably unfamiliar. In fact, two and two were put together by legal gentlemen in so convincing a manner that a jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against Jaok Andrews ; and Jack Andrews was hanged by the neck until he waa dead. And Egerton, both in conrt and in the newspapers, received a severe repri mand for having very nearly enabled a criminal to escape from justice ; and young gentlemen were warned to take to heart his example, and, if they would not assist, to at any rate abstain from obstructing the law, even when its officers were believed to appear in the unpopular form of bailiffs. 