HOW MARK TWAi SOLD IN I Tho Newark Press contains lk0 (nn„„. exposition of what " Mark Twain " t,.,i ,?? Wicked Fraud," perpotratod on him ,1,,,," , A recent visit to that city It is scld ,, , g h" to toll on oneself, but somothC 7 'f808' I of relief to a man to mako a sad p„,.t ! wish to nnbnrdon my mind now, aud Y, it t most beliovo that I am moved to dn n because I long to bring censure 1,,?, 1 T 1 man than because I desire to pour Indm 5 my wounded heart. (I don't Cw "uu P,a is, bnt I boliovo it is the correct expressing f i use in tbiB connection— never hoviii I I balm.) Yon may remember that I lc-atnred ?? ' Newark lately for tke young gentlemen o! j Clayonian Bocioty ? I did nt any rate. Dar n! = tho afternoon of that day I was talking S t one of tho young gentlemen just referred t» '= nnd he said he had nn unclo who, from soma ! oauso or other, seemed to havo g,own mrZ I nently. boreft of all omotiou. And with tZj i in his eyes this young man suid, « Oh it I s oonld only see him laugh once moro ' Oh if t ! could only see him i weep 1" I w„; to / ; I conld never withstand distress. I „„;,i V "Bring him to my lecture. I'll start him or I you." » Oh, if I could but do it, it ! could but do it, nil our family would biCS3 ! for evermore— for ho is ao very dear to ur 1 Oh, my benofactor, can you make him |„i,' I: can you bring soothing tears to tins . parched = orbs?" Iwns profoundly moved. „jj" r son, bring the old party around. 1 har0 J iS eomo jokes in that lecturo that will make him I laugh, if there is any laugh iu hiio, and it thoy mna fire, I have got come oihers that 1; will mako him cry or kill him, one or the other " ' Thon tho yonng man blessed me, »u ( wept on 1 ' my nock, and blow hie noso on my coat mil nnd went niter his nnclo. no plnced him in p full view, and in Iho second row of hcnclits t "< that night, aud I began ou him. I tried him tl with mild jokes, thon with sovero mica, I dosed him with had jokes, and riddled him with good j? ones ; I fired old stalo jokes into him, aud pep- ') pored him fore and aft with red hot new outs' - I warmed up to my work, and nMautted him right aud loft, infrontand behind ; i fumedtud '"f sweated and charged and routed till I was boarso nnd sick, and frantic and furious ; hut ' I novot moved him onco— I never started a ' smilo or a tear! Never a ghost of a smile, and nover a suspicion of moisten:! I was astounded. I closed the lecture at last with ono despairing shriek— with ono wild hunt of : humour, nnd hurled a jolto of fupernntnrid ' atrocity full at him. Thea I sat down bewil dered nnd exhunstod. Tho presidents the - society came up and bathed my head with cold wntor and said, " What made yon carry on so towards tho lust?" I said I was trying to i make that confounded old fool laugh iu the j socond row; nnd ho said, " Well, you wore J wasting your timo, bccauia lio is deaf and i dumb, and as blind as u badger." Now, wag that any way for that old man's nephew to imposo on a stronger nnd orphan liko me? I simply ask you, us a man nnd a brother, it thai was any way for him to do ? 