. TAM WORTH ANNUAL RACES. (From the Tamworth Examiner. Amil 17.) One of tho finest meetings which ever tonic place on the Tamworth course, came off on Wednesday ana Thursday last. We refer, of course, more particularly to the running, which in almost every case was contested for in a most gallant manner, and so closely as to cause an amount of excitement rarely witnessed. True, in most cases the favourites won, but they succeeded in doing so only after a In ost severe ntrUBvlo. unit dnrtm,therunninp off of I be several events it would have been difficult to say positively which would ultimately turn up the winner. In former years, we have heard it alleged, the attendance was much greater than on the present occasion, but we very much doubt this, our impression being that the boisterous display made by a few when the neighbouring gold-fields were in their prime, misleads people who do not allow for tbe orderly character of the spectators that of late years frequent our races. Be this as it may, we bold to tho opinion that so far from the numbers lessening, tbey are increasing, and wo base this opinion on the undoubted fact that our population has greatly augmenied of late, and unless it is proved that horse racing is losing its attractions for tbe great body of the people, we have a right to assume that a fair proportion of our now settlers take an interest in witnessing the finest of ell British sports. The weather was on the whole favourable. With regard to the condition of the horses, in one or two instances it was quite as good as could have been wished, but generally the horses were short of work, a too common foiling at country meetings. For the Maiden Plate, Oscar was the favourite, but Fawn had a great many admirers, and we ore inclined to think that had the latter been persevered with she could have won. Knowing that a protest would bo entered she was content with second honours, and Oscar won by a little more than a length. For the Publi cans' Purse, Seducer had it all his own way, Tocai cutting up badly after a mile and a quarter had been run. For the Ladies' Purse, Jolly Tar was made a great 'pot' of, and be was taken even against the field, bat it was soon evident that he bad not the ghost of a chance, Oscar winning the race cleverly, llosey had also a few friends, but the company was tor too good for him. The Hack Race fell to that cantankerons animal. Cambric— a first-rate borse of his sort, if he only takes it into his cranky head to start, but itis2 to 1 be sticks at the post until tbe field is some hundreds of yards ahead. When he does go, however, it is all up with the majority of ordinary hacks. Bis owner made the mistake (perfectly uninten tional, wo are sure) of entering two horses for this race, and ns this was against the rules, the race, under the cir cumstances, was declared void and ordered to be run over again next day, but when called on it did not fill, and the event fell through. This finished the first day's sports. We omitted to state that a protest was entered against Oscar in the Maiden Plate, on the ground that he had won an advertised prize of £5, at the Rock Inn, on 1st January, 1867, and, after hearing evidence, the stewards sustained the protest, awarding the prize to Fawn, Monarch second. On the second day, Turner's horses were the favourites for the Liverpool Plains Handicap, but Tocal and the little mare had a few admirers. The former justified the opiuiou held of them by running first and second, the little mare, to the surprise of all, beating Tocal for third place. This clever little animal is all pluck, and had she been in better fettle, would have stood a first-rate chance for the race at the weights, as she came up at the finish very gamely. For the Tamworth Handicap Seducer was the favourite and won easily. For the Prince of Wales, a fine field faced the flag, Oscar and Monarch being singled out bb the pro bable winners, and the result lay solely with them. The victory fell to Monarch entirely through Leggatfe superior jockeyship, and the absurd manner in which Oscar was ridden. The latter had the race in hand, but his chance was foolishly cast away coming down the straight without any apparent justification, and he was defeated cleverly by a neck. The Consolation Stakes — which wound up the meeting— was won by Tocal, after a fine race of nearly a mile with Dosey. The stewards, judge, and starter appeared to discharge their duties to the satisfaction of all parties. . The handicap, much as it was grumbled at when it first ap peared, resulted in as fine a race as any one could have wished to see on the course, and this, we think, is highly creditable, when it is remembered that the performance of the horses was almost wholly unknown. The starter dis charged his duties in a most satisfactory manner in every race, without exception, the horses being sent away on equal terms. We heard of no complaints from any person entitled to make them. We append below a detailed account of the running:— First Day. First Raoe. — The Tamworth Maiden Plate, of 40 sove reigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns each added ; second horse to receive 5 sovereigns from the prize ; for all maiden horses at the time of entranoe ; carrying weight for age; ,1£ mile. Mr. R. NicolTs b g Oscar, 5 years ., 1 R. Turner's bm Fawn, 5 years.. ..2 W. Schofield's br g Monarch, 6 yeara . . . , 3 Dixon's blk g John Gilpin, 4 years. After one false start, the flag fell, and the horses got away on very even terms, Oscar taking the lead inside by a length, closely followed by Fawn and Monarch, running neck and neck second, Gilpin pulling up the rear. Down the straight, Monarch had worked into first place, and led by half a length past the stand, Oscar and Fawn close up, running stride fer stride, Gilpin several lengths in the rear, the pace thuB early beginning to tell upon him. This position was maintained for the next quarter of a mile, when Fawn and Oscar went up to Monarch, and the three raced awsy together, neck and nock up to the quarter mile post, when Oscar drew out by a length, the Fawn second, and Monarch third, close up, Gilpin ont of the race. Down the straight Oscar, under the whip, maintained his lead of a length, the Fawn pressing him bard at every stride, but he continued his lead home, wincing a splendid raoe by half a length; Monarch a good third, two lengths off ; Gilpin nowhere. Time, 2 minutes 53 seconds. A protest was entered against Oscar prior to the raoe, on the ground that he was not a maiden. The Publicans' Purse of 30 sovereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns each, to go to the second horse ; for all horses; carrying weight for age ; 2 miles. Mr. R.^ Turner's c h Seducer, aged . . . . . . 1 Nicoll's e g Tocal, aged .. .. ..2 This contest indicated pretty accurately the probable result of the Grand Handicap on the following day. Tocal started off with a lead of a length, which he was allowed to maintain past the stand first time round, but in another quarter of mile he had shot his bolt, and Seducer took up the running, which he was never after deprived of, winning by four or five lengths easily. Time— 3 minutes 59 seconds. The Ladies' Purse of 20 sovereigns, with a sweep «f 1 sovereign each added; for all horses; carrying weight for age; lj mile heats. Entrance 2 sovereigns. Mr. R. Nicoll's b g.Osear, 6 years .. ..151 Schofield's b g Ace of Hearts, 6 yeara . . 2 1 2 Settatree's b g Dosey, aged . . ..42 W. Nicoll's c g Ranting Joe, aged ..6 3 ' Collett's b g Nipper, aged .. ..6 4 Baldwin's bl g Jolly Tar, 3 yeara . . . . 3 dr. The Ace of Hearts was first to get away, and got a lead of a length, Jolly Tar next, and Oscar third. In this order they passed the stand, but just beyond Oscar went into second plaoe, Jolly Tar felling back, the rest struggling behind. As soon as he disposed of Jolly Tar, he raced up to Ace of Hearts, and away these two raced neck and neck round the back of the course and up to the distance, when Oscar sncceeded in shaking Hearts off and pnt his nose in front, which he maintained down the straight run, winding up a splendidly contested race by a winner of half a length. In the seoond heat Jolly Tar was drawn. Joe passed the stand with a slight lead, Nipper and the Ace close up. A little further on and the Ace wreBted the lead from Joe, Nipper falling back beaten. The Ace increased his lead on Joe by three or four lengths at the back of the course, Dosey running third, Nipper fourth, and Oscar saving. At the quarter mile Dosey challenged Joe for second place, and after a struggle succeeded in getting it, but could not reach the Ace, who continued lira lead to the post, winning by three or four lengths. Time, 2.26. In the third heat, Oscar led off from the jump with a lead of a length, which he main tained to the poBt, both being at the whip. Time, 2.30. The Hack Bace, of 40 sovereigns ; weight for age ; 1 mile, heats. Mr. W. Lye's c g Cambric, aged .. ..Oil R. Cttmming's g g Romeo, aged . , ..122 W. Lye's piebald Allyeum, 3 years dis. In the first heat Romeo had a lead of four or five lengths before Cambric would start, and made the moBt of his chance. The chesnut went is at the back of the course to chase the grey, and did so wife a vengeanoe, running him down the straight at a strong pace, bnt the grey had too much of a lead to be caught in the distance, and he won by two lengths. In the seoond heat the grey led off again at a merry \- pace, but Cambric started mora readily, and soon picked him up, and a splendid race ensued all the way round the back of the course and /down the straight, a sheet conld cover both. A short distance from the post Cambric got bis head in front, and wen as fine a race as need be seenby a neck. In the third heat Ghmbric took the lead, and won as he liked. A protest was entered by Cammings on the ground men tioned in our opening remarks. ( Second Day. The Liverpool flains Jockey Club Handicap, of 75 sovereigns, with a sweep of 5 sovereigns each added, second horse to receive 19 sovereigns from the prize ; 3mtlea. Mr. R. Turner's b m Fawn, 4 years, 8 at 6 lbs .. 1 Turner's bm Seducer, aged, 9 st 6 lba .. ..2 Prater's b.m Flora M'lvor, aged, 6 st 6 lbs 3 Nicoll's « g Tocal, aged, 9 st 1 lb Turner declared to win with Fawn. Seducer led off, closely followed by Tooil, the other two running cede and neck just behind. This position was maintained without much alteration until past tho half mile post last time round, when Flora (then running last) went np to the Fawn, and they ran together a short dis tance, Flora getting her nose slightly in front as they approached the quarter-mile post. Here Tocal hung out signals of distress, and at the same moment Fawn was let out, and with tremendous speed she dashed away from I Flora, passed Tooal, and went into seoond plaoe. Down I tbe straight Sedaqer qsiled along, irith Fatyp imme diately behind, tbe farmer being now pulled off to let her take the lead, which she at once assumed by about half a ' length. Flora then made her effort, dashed past Tocal, and ren up to Seducer, tbe three approaching the poet in a body, and it was difficult to say. which would be first. A few strides further, and it was seen the Fawn bad it by half n length, Flora and Seducer almost a dead heat for second place, Tocal four lengths behind. This was a fine rate at the finish, and Flora (s mere pony) gave proof of both speed and bottom. Time, G minutes '6 seoonds. The Members' Cup not filling up, the ete wards substituted a handicap of £20. Entrance, £2, half-forfeit ; 1 mile and a half. Mr. R. Turner's b h Seducer, aged, 9 fI 12 lbs . . 1 Cumining's b g Ace of BeartB, 6 years, S st .. 2 King's b g IccestatuF, aged, 7 st . . . . 3 This was a rather hollow affair. Ace cut out the run ning for a mile, when Seducer was let out, and went to the front with ease, winning by two lengths, lncestatus no where. Tbe Prince of Wales Belling Stakes of 20 sovereigns, with a sweep of 1 sovereign each added ; l-j mile, heats. Mr. Echoffcld's br g Monarch, 6 veers, 8st lib ? 12 1 R. Kicholl's b g Oscar, 5 years, S st 13 lbs .. .. .. ..312 W. Nicholl's ch g Ranting Joe aged, 7 st 9 lbs . . . , . . ..23 Jamison's br g Phantom, aged, 8 st 5 lbs Dixon'B ch g Maniac, aged, 7 st 9 lbs. Monarch and Oscar went away with tbe lead at a rattling Jiace, leaving all the others lengths behind. They raced ocked together past the stand and away round the turn, along the back of tbe conrsc, and up to the quarter-mile post, when Monarch shook his plucky antagonist off and w ent on with a lead of a length. Among the ruck some changes of minor importance occurred. Down the straight Monarch field fiis lead, 'bnt when afiont a hundred yards from tbe post, Joe made a rush up to Oscar under the whip, and wrested second honours from him, but could not reach Monarch, who won by a length, the same distance separat ing the second and third. In the sec ond heat Monarch led off again, closely followed by Oscar and Pbantom,ell except Maniac passing the stand in a cluster. The lot raced together round the comer, and along the back up to the balf-mtie post. Here Joe showed his nose in front for a second, when he was extinguished by Oscar, who assumed a lead of a length, Monarch second, Joe third altogether. At the turn into the straight Oscar still led, and despite all Monarch conld do he could not get within a length of him, and he won a fine race by that dis tance, Joe a good third, the others beaten off. In tbe third heat Oscar took a strong lead of four or five lengths, Monarch making a waiting race of it. Past the stand, round the him, all along the back of the course and up to the distance post, the lead was in no way diminished, and the race was said by everyone to be over, when Monartflr made his effort, and Oscar's jockey hearing and fearing his approach, took out bis whip and went into his horse in fine style. He laboured at tbe poor brute all down the straight run, but it was impossible the horae could keep bis stride under such punishment, and the sway of the rider's body. Monarch (with Leggatt up) was courageously persevered with, and ultimately landed the winner by half a length, by a Eplendid piece of jockeyship, when any sane man would have bet all tbe world to a china orange that the thing was impossible. The judgment shewn in riding this heat created a great impression, and shews hew much can be done by a good rider in tbe most hopeless cases. 