SIONARY WORE IN" ENGLAND. zealous missionary priest, the Rev. G. ffield, is accomplishing great work down •'"black-country," near Barnet, Wat- St. Alban's, where, after centurics rcness, Religion is once more lifting u tad. But with all he is doing, " it is wSBB.i sad," savs an , English Cfaffiolic think of the desolation' of St. Al MasS: ' IVUU TUAI) III SAC.J N VI VIUJ NUC; W good monks for long years together jitit by' all they could save from absolute necessities, that they might build an abbey worthy of their order and their holy faith. The famine came Uptm the land, and the brave old monks gate up at once the treasures they had so lovingly and patiently accumulated to do honour to God; and now the city that they epriihpd dnd embellished has not a single Catholitj altffr except, the temporary one at Which Father BamjfieH tfecasion'ally a lii m fy says i Mass on Sundays. In tills spot!, otae de voted to Catholicity, Father Iktripfleld x lishes a little iiib'- penny magazine, of which he LC is himself the editor. In this way he succeeds appealing to the reason of those whom he desires, with so much earnestness and affection, to win back to the Church. Protesting agdhSt the calilmnv that Catholics, in exalting the Mother, forget the Son, his little monthly - magazine.Bays—" Watch that little Catholic child, and see what is the first thing she is. dbing when she awakes, afld what she is doiitj' sure that thousands upon tliOU' sands oY Catticlfc .children' all over the World are doing too. She liajr made th'e k sign of the' cross upon herself, ' in tile' n»mte of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' By it she has begun the day ttith the thought of Him who (lied upon the cross fc/r her, and has given herself to Him, and ' taken up the cross' for the day. She has done more ; that little action is a silent prayer to God, reminding HiiW of His Son's death, and begging every blessing for its sake. She has clothed herself, and is at her frayers. She is on her knees, with clasped hands And fixed eyes, before a rude crucifix that hangs upo'ii the wall, or stands upon a rough stool at her bedside/ What! is she praying to it? God forbid! She is but using it to keep her thoughts from" Wandering, and to wake her love to her God, as she looks upon that face wrung with agony, and those limbs all clothed with blood for her. While she looks she cannot easily forget that hei; God has died. Listen for a moment: ' My -Testis,' she says,' I do all for the love of Thee/ sLtiS tlieri she uses that most beautifu Litany of thd Hofy Na'm'e, in which she cries to him by every title Off honour and of love— Jesus, Author of Life; JeEits, Lover of Souls; Jesus, our God; Jesus, our Refuge'; Jesus, Father of the poor; and so she pleads with Him, His infancy and life and labours, His agony and passion, and begs to be delivered from all and wrath, and from eternal death." In the article on cricket, after saying that "mere games " of all sorts deserve far lifcft-e attention and encouragement than they usually get from parent and priest and schoolmaster, he continues—" This and much more we think may fee done by those good friends of ours who set themselves to the little-groat work of making their neighbours laugh, whether they give us readings, or sing us bits of operas, or arc not ashamed to black their faces, or join in the absurdities of a farce. We think that, if done in a right spirit, it is, in-our own times at least, no little work to do for God. We remember that some years ago we were ourselves taken to task by a correspondent of the Guardian, newspaper for having placed at the head of a placard announcing the performance of Little Toddlekins in our Barnet school-room the letters ' A.M.DXx.,' which mean ' To the greater glory of God.' We made no answer at the time, but we have made it now. We believe the amusement of the people to be a real work for God, stopping of sin, an enemy to the public-house and the music-hall, and excitements lower and worse than these; and, therefore, the acting of Little Toddlekins shall be held a good and great work, which shall rank at least with the 'cup of cold water' and not' lose its reward.' How great do little things become when they are touched by a good intention—by the magic wand of A.M.D.G.!' " 