OWZEALAIfB. (fbok ocb owh 1 dukedin, am. tfc Tho alarm which the native - TokaDgamutu flwiwd pi has almost aatirrtf subsided. \Ve have reooivad but scaaly fragmentary newp of what lias actually trwfr —A nM>ks> Saw ^•Vmnuviaif plred there dozing the past few weeks- o» scraps of information, however, as have coo® to hand hare not heen of so contradictory ' " '' ~»» froin the Kins® cnaraccerae mpjiouw country gen erally are. It appears to he certain «Mit^gTawhiao:hMa'ot.Mc®i',e' To Koott vdtjjt favour—that there to, to torfi #U but an-open quarrel between them. Kef1' on the otitor hand, aeemsto hare given to® j countenance. - The reportthat this chief"»» ! liittriiMcfi otftltoe^Kf piivate Informatldht/dlsaredited vhfh jupn^i, liasbeen sesiewl ti"1®1 w it oppeare probable tbat it is true V true- true in so far as that there is a " ensure of alliance between them, not son,,e. Wed to mean tbat they have joined f i attack the Pakcha. Rewi and bis u tKeatimaniopoto) are said to be dis- j ti j w{ih the "pretensions" of Tawhiao. , pka- nerhaps, not disposed to be so much j Sf,s'r^ as his predecessors. The Stork f "Offered himself in the person of Te Kooti, j f ul, declared outspokenly that he intends i i-ine It is difficult to believe tbat a t0 iivereat chief like Rewi will support this -.Lively low-born pretender to the C°n- throne. Nevertheless, it seems to be that they are friendly, and that Hot is in favour at tho Maori court. We "e hoping that the complication will be the eiseoi disastrous to ourselves, and that, ^■14 our open and secret enemies quarrel afflODgst themselves, they will leave the white settlers in peace. There has been no fighting anywhere since the present Ministry caine into power, a fact ich the latter take leave to attribute to Mr Maclean's accession to office. This in t " al of peace, and the improved character f news from the Waikato, lias led some "embers of the Assembly to complain that they were tricked into assenting to the re olution which sent Dr. Featherstone to your !{tv and obtained from General Chute a re versal of the orders for embarkation given to the 18th Regiment. The colonists of New Zealand, however, are well pleased with that resolution, and with the success of Dr. Featberstone's mission. No one here doubts iu bis own mind, whatever party feelings mav induce him to say, that the removal of the last remnants of the Imperial troops Would have emboldened our native enemies iu a measure out of all proportion to the mere numerical strength of the force withdrawn. The Government has carried its proposal to renew the application to Great Britain for fmther aid, but not without submitting to some modifications of it The total force to he asked for has been reduced to 1,000 men. Tbc division which took place in connexion with tbe resolutions embodying this proposal was a comparatively close one; but it does not afford any index to the opinion of the House of Representatives. The amendment upon them, moved by Mr. Stafford, was only a party move, and did, in fact, affirm that we ought to make arrangements for keeping the men who have been temporarily detained here. The Government had only a majority of four on that occasion, but there seems to be no longer any doubt that they will retain their seats through the present session. During tbe debate on the resolutions just alluded to, Mr. Stafford aud Mr. Hall spoke iu such terms about the policy of the Imperial Government towards New Zealand, and towards tbe colonies generally, that Mr. Ycgel did not hesitate to tell them that their secret desire was that onr application for as sistance should be again refused, and that New Zealand should be forced into the posi tion of an independent state. Though these gentlemen, in repudiating the ideas thus fathered upon them, declared that it would give them great sorrow to see the tie which binds tbe colony to the mother country severed, what they said leaves the impression that they look forward to the event as one by no means distant. Mr. Stafford's emphatic words were, "There is no Imperial Govern ment. There is a British Government sitting in Downing-street, managing affairs in tbe Inited Kingdom very badly, but no Imperial Government" He used very similar lan guage to this last year, when he was Prime Minister of New Zealand. Nor is he alone in holding such sentiments. The idea that the Imperial connexion is of no use to the colony ad may ere long prove a burden or hurt to it mther than otherwise, is becoming very pre T ent here. And this opinion obtains quite as much in the south, where we are free SIJS wmlevUs of native wars, 2^ere;.?^George Grey. i" a sort of mrnifesto which he and others sent out to 'jm- c0101^ by the last mail in £ vPUb!'C Frotest again8t th* ™nner Imrerird rCW d U kiDS treated tbe .exPr<*sed a con land nil] l hitter hostility " against Eng colonists. IthM fed the minds of the briitf tbat all Ti.F 001116 5? that- but thertlation^r^ 6nd in a cban8« of 6*2552,** Present between »^the^ ?6C010DJ' has taken hold WorMd meK" i-« to the nation SttSyrem8 * ,ibink,' fusion tW 7°, ^ftt has come to tbe fences if th*» are only incum. ^saltogethe? T?0^™"1®66 £or them •oc-ked npon ' ^jdhmate separation is and .Aether it ^ much indifferent W ^ ^estioa treated difficult1 toanv 'v. / would dndeed * easy to shhMfef We e^' and th|ough the We •» losing, J* ,ate colwL. did not imitate to*4 intoflkT*? declamatory style, hut ?he Hid aigumentatively. ^2!a.®sSnS fi.M ?Qch P«rth»ence to S^P as to those & ia* colonies of this of hissKh! New2ealand.~TET^I~ !*°rthy cfStSrilon ihe 5th Instant) the ereryon° who tow the . fe aimyl Wlrt reorganise our own tj^an. who'SS^011' Mr- St John 2 beadanf *i^ten forn,®ttJr °* \ ,ad many years at h ttosprtvinoe, ' wth task of re^ htuteuieiit of HdetaSh' tlic Colonial Treasurer as can have any inte rest for readers outside New Zealand have probably reached you. The only point of the Government policy which has been the sub ject of serious attack is tbe proposal to limit our expenditure for defence (exclusive of what we may have to pay for Imperial troops) to £150,000 for the current financial year. It is evident that under untoward circumstances more money would be required, and that if so, it would have to be spent. Bnt the Go vernment has great confidence in its ability to steer clear of any such difficulty, and has the country at its back in its determination resolutely to limit expenditure of thi9 sort. It was an agreeable surprise to find that there was to be no deficit, only a floating debt of some £350,000 now existing, to be left to be provided for at some future day. One of the financial propoAils of the Go vernment is to let, in tbe "thin end of the wedge" of protection, by imposing import duties on grain equal to those existing in your colony. This proposal is, however, not put forward as a distinctly protectionist one. It is even hinted that it is to be viewed in the light of a reprisal against Victoria. The real effect of it will bo to protect tbe producers of this island against the competition of the Australian colonies, and the countries on the other coasts of the Pacific. At present, whilst we have a surplus of breadstuff's here (in Otago) and in Cauterbury, the North Island draws no inconsiderable share of itj supplies from other countries. The Govern ment declines, however, to raise thfe ques tion of protection in connexion with this proposal, a course which is somewhat dis ingenuous, seeing that the Treasurer has already avowed his adhesion to the theory, find the Premier himself is snspected of hav ing leanings in the same direction. The course adopted will not long postpone a Parliamentary fight on the subject. Last year a majority of the Upper House declared in favour of a mild form of the doctrine, on the plea that, as we tax almost all imports very heavily, we ought especially to tax those which compete with the industries already established in tbe colony. Throughout tbe country, and especially in this province, the protectionists are a very numerous body, and will, I believe, ere long carry the day. The influences are at work here which gave this pernicious theory its hold upon the popu lation of Victoria, and 1 fancy the only way in which this ghost will ever be laid will be by giving it its day. The discovery of one or two more new gold fields has been loudly proclaimed during the montb, but neither these, nor those I re ferred to in my last communication, have as yet yielded auy results worth speaking of. The latest excitement is in regard to Stewart's Island, where quartz reefs, known to be more or less auriferous, were opened up some years ago. The annual report of our Marine and Sur vey department has just been issued from the Government Printing-office. To all who are connected with colonial shipping this docu ment will prove interesting. The survey of the west coast of this island has shown, that the Admiralty charts are seriously inaccurate. A sketch map on the same (half inch) scale as tbecharts is published with the report, showing tbe errors on that part of the coast frequented by shipping (Cascade Point to Grey ltiver), and giving an accurate outline of it. Com modore Lambert baring found reason to con clude that dangerous errors existed in the Admiralty charts of various portions of the north-east coast of the North Island, the sur rey party has made an examination of the neighbourhood, which has confirmed his opinion. As some of the inaccuracies thus brought to light affect the safety of naviga tion to the now celebrated region of the Thames, it is well that the utmost publicity should be given to the fact of their ex istence. The question of the mail communication with England, vid your port, is not yet settled. The select committee of the House of Repre sentatives could not agree to a recommenda tion, and has merely reported to the House that a single service, like that now existing, will cost £14,650 per annum, and a double service, i.e., one steamer from Melbourne to the Bluff, and one from Sydney to Auckland, £24,450. The Government has included provision for tbe latter, from November next, in the Esti mates as laid before the House, and it Is not unlikely that the arrangement will be carried out. " Prom the time that New Zealand was first colonised up to about six or Beven years ago." observes the Wellington Evening Post of the 4thinst., "it was commonly supposed that tbe moa was extinct, the most careful re searches of explorers having failed to find a live one, and the reports of the Maoris con curring that the gigantic bird 4had passed away. About the time mentioned, how ever, a wonderful yarn came from Lake Wakatip, in Otago, abont. a party of prospectors having Men a live moa by their camp fire at night. A reward of ££00 was immediately offered for its appre hension, bnt all efforts to, trace it failed, and the matter gradually died away. Recently, however, another is said to have appeared in a totally different quarter—the Ruahine Ranges, in tbe centre of this island—as tbe following extract from a letter written by a gentleman in Rangitikei to a friend in Wellington asserts' I suppose you have seen the account of the moa having been fpund alive in the Ruahine Ranges. I be lieve it to be E true. It was first seen by a jmrty.of Germans who have been prospecting for gold, and subsequently by a person named Sutherland, who I think may be relied on. He says be has seen it several times, and that it is twenty feet, high. I wash I bad It fh the Rgypaan-haU- Gon t y6u wish you may get it. Such is the story; ohr readers may beueve as much of it as they choose. For ourselves,, we must confess that since the failure of Mr. Swainson to entice the Taniwba in Otaki Lake to swallow his bbofcs halted with sheep, we have to a groat 'extent lost, faith in. the existence of live niousters in New Zealand.'' 