A TRUE GHOST STORY. The beautiful and romantic town of Tenby, on the coast of Pembrokeshire, was a hundred years since only a small fi«hing town, though it had still such remains as showed it to have been fortified in former times. The ruins of its castle on a rock overlooking the entrance to the harbor, and the. wall which had surrounded it on the land side, showed that it had been a place of some importance. There were also towers- on the bread wall, though then overrun with Ivy. At the time when we visited it, in 1815, it was beginning to attract visitors by the beauty of its situation and its facilities as a bathing place. The sands being hard and clear of; interruption for two. miles, formed a tempting promenade, and even horse races -sometimes took place on them. ~ The; harbor fcrmeda safe retreat -for vessels from the rough and often dangerous billows of the. Bristol -Channel, and on one side of it handsome baths were erected. Long before these improvements, and when there was much superstition to be found among the inhabitants, my grandfather lived in a house, the garden of which reached to the old wall, as did that of a neighboring cottage, the ownar of which caused great annoyance by often coming home late at night in a riotous state of intoxication, and giving full .vent to his blasphemous and abusive language while staggering about his garden. My grandfather was desirous to put a stop to this nuisance, but found that threats and remonstrances were vain, for promises made in sober daylight were forgotten under the influence of the night's debauch. At last one night, while indulging in his drunken frolics, - a solemn sepulchral voice issued from the ivied tower at the bottom of his garden, and the terrified man heard his own name repeated distinctly three times. - The. -first put a stop to his oaths, the sepond brought him- to his knees, the third to vows of-amendment, wound up with an .attempt to ..pacify the offended. ghost ..by repeating '' Our Father," &c;„ before rushing into the house and quietly to bed, never again attempting to disturb the ghoBts or neighbors by such doings. He could not refrain afterwards from relating that he had reoeived .a visit from a veritable ghost, which of course he had seen in awful sh&pe;, as well as beard in solemn tones, never suspecting that my grandfather had any share in the dreadful visitation. 