TUESDAY, NOVEMBER. 2, 1869. Iv wo may-plaoo faith in tho now haokneyed statement pat by tho bard int ) tho mouth of the Highland Seer-that " coming events east their shadows before "-then thero is reason to expeot a revolution of an astound- ing oharaoter throughout tho whole- of tho groat British empire- India, perhaps, ex oopted. The lovers of démonstrative erneutes, howover, tho admirera of sanguinary coups d'etat, cavalry oh arges, and repulses at the barricades, will bo muon disappointed if they expect anything of that ? kind. Tho Anglo-Saxon oharaoter in this respoot has been tersely but happily dcsoiibed by a poet whoso name bas lately boon muoh before tho world Seldom ho varies feature, hue, or musole. And oan bo very busy without bustle. Tho revolution which seems to bo impending, and which indeed is now in progress, is likely to bo astonishing in its results rathor than its accompaniments, which are so gradually and almost imperceptibly, but surely tending to inevitable oonolusions that the historian of the change, whon it is effected, may most aoou ratoly dosoribo it by means of tho dosing word in the epitaph of tho arohitoot of St. Paul's, London : *' Circumspice I " In Great Britain and Ireland the changes are taking placo in a peaceful and orderly mannor. In Franoe tho transitions may bo more sudden when they oome, but the poli- tical concessions of tho Emperor and the lato epeeoh of Prince NAPOLEON aro paving tho way for thea. It is with regard to tho British oolonics, however, that we aro more immediately concerned ; and on this subjoot we publish Bomo oxtraots wáioh ought to bo perused with a lively interest. One of theso is the substance of a spoeoh re oently delivered at Quebec by Sir JOHN YOUNO, Governor-General of tho Canadian Dominion. Hia Excellency was at pains to assure his hearers that the Canadian people, who wore despondent at the withdrawal of troops, and nt other proofs of the desire of the Imperial Government to leave them to the uso of their own powers for their own benefit, had so oauso to dread opposition to any reasonable choice which they might make for that purpose. Canada, Sir JOHN YOUNO said, had its own destinies in its own hands, and its statesmen and people were reoognised as oompotent to jndgo of those interests, and what oourse to pursue ia ordet to oonsorve them. "England," oontinued the Governor-General, " looked to thom for her guidanoe, and, whatever their dooision might bo-to con- tinue their present connection, or, in due time, and in the maturity of their growth, to exohange it for some other form of allianoe tho good faith and intelligence of England would be propared to aooede .to their wishos ; in ono ORSO to aot in the spirit of present obligation, and in the case of ohango tff give effect . to it, and oonsider any plan that might bo proposed in a friendly and genorous spirit." Tho L wildest* radioal or tho most enthusiastic separationist oould soarooly desire anything moro accommo- dating than this. We are not awaro that it has over boon equalled since tho troublous times of tho year 1848, when the lato King LEOPOLD of Belgium informed his subjoot a that he was ready to go at onoe if they desired it, without putting thom to the trouble and fatigue of an armed revolt. Sir JOHN YOUNO oonoluded by informing his hearers of his belief that, whatever way they might indine, England would give offect to their inclinations, and he expressed a hope that thoy might be enabled " to build np a constitutional system, of whioh the oonse qucnocs might be, for generations, a gênerai enjoyment of comfort, a general cul- tivation of reason, and a widely-diffused feeling of equality and beooming self respeot." II the ghost of QKOEQB tho Third oould visit the earth and hoar a royal representative-a Govornor-Genoral of ono of tho greatest of the British possessions -thus speaking of politioal separation, the diffusion of " reason," and the spread of equality, and speaking tnoreovor in tho name of the British nation, the shade of the vener- able naonároh would retire in disgust. In Canada this polioy is oharaotorisod aa tho flash of lightning whioh prooedea the thunder- clap. A loading Quebec paper thus summarises tho oaso : " A moharoh abdicates ; an army retires j an empire is dissolved-suoh is the situation j and, as by tho wand of an enchanter, tho edifioe of British dominion in North America disappears." In point of faot, however, tho colonial polioy thus every- where indioatcd is only what has been urged in both Houses of the Imperial Parliament, and* by vory distinguished members, many years ago. Tho apparent suddenness with whioh it sooms likely to bo oarriod out arises from tho fact that, owing to other oiroum BtanoeB, there ia a Government now in powor whose members are all in favour of it, and who are snpportod in the House of Commons by an irresistible majority. When in this journal, six or soven yoars ago, wo took sovoral oooasionB of alluding to the probability of great politioal ohanges ap- proaching in the world-a probability hastened to its olimax by tho death of Lord PALMER- STON, whoee "judioious" Administration had disguised so many old abasos in the garb of liberalism-wo probably had not many with us. At least wo oannot oall to mind any support beirfg afforded to our views by tho contemporary Press of tho colony. Now, how- ever, all that was then anticipated soems.to bo in course of fulfilment. We even find English Conservative nowspapers arguing that tho complete abolition of tho Houso of Lords would bo a mistake on tho part of any Liberal majority, because it would load to suoh an inoreased representation of the ariBtooraoy in ' tho Commons as would make that olass tho miers of tho oountry. Wo wore not, howevor, at that timo, quite pro pared for tho oourae whioh some fow Austra- lian absentees,1 who, wish to bo regarded as our " representatives", in London, aro taking upon - themselves to pursue. Aoaarding to the London oorrespondont of a Now York paper, whoso Btatemont we give in another column, those gentlomon havo actually boen deliberating whothor they ought not to plaoo us under the protootorate of tho United StateB, or at all IevontB mt ko ua in Bomo way membora of the Groat Bepublio. Wo are inclined to believe that ther \BSomo misrepresentation or some misunderstanding hore. Those " most emi- nent representativos of tho Parino Colonies," as tho correspondent of tho Now York paper oalla them, aro well aware that th07 would bo "nobodios" under an American form of Government, whereas their absorbing desire is to make themselves " somobodioB " whioh at proseo t they aro not. This being their objeot, they would, no doubt, bo glad to make such a ohango ns would vir- tually givo tho directorship of Australian affairs into their hands. To this Bubjoot we havo called attention on several oooasious, during many tnonthB past, and we aro glad to perooive that, at last, it is being taken up by others. In the Legislativo Assembly at Melbourne, on the motion of Mr. HIGGIN- BOTHAM, a sortea of resolutions id to come under oonsidoration this ovening, opening up the wholo subjeot, and most empha- tically condemning ali interference with the established rights of local solf-government. Wo need but quoto tho first of the resolutions, to show tho spirit of the whole : " 1. That the oaro of the political rights and internets of a froo pcoplo can only bo safely intrusted to a body appointed by and responsible to that peoploj and that tho Legislative Assembly declines to sanotion or to recogniso the proceedings, so far as tho same may relato to Victoria, of the oonforence proposed to bo held in London at the instanoe of a self-constituted and irrespon- sible body of absentee oolonists." Othor reso- lutions follow, duolaring the oolonists of Vic- toria to be ready to, defend thoir own shores from foreign invasion, deprecating un- due intorferonoo on tho part of tho Importal authorities or Parliament in looal affairs; maintaining tho right of independent aotion on the part of tho looal Executive, Governor included, in all tn attora not of Imporial oonoornment, and pledging support to Ministers in the oolony who will maintain this polioy. Wo do not think that it would be on unwiso step if our own Parliament folio «rod tho examplo of Victoria in this respoot. At all events, it is quito evident that Borne porsons who have no right what- ever to Buoh a position aro endeavouring to take advantage of tho imponding changes to step to the front; and we aro muoh mistaken if the publio do not rcoogaiso one or two notablo instances of suoh ambition in this oolony as well as in London. 