THE SYDNEY INFIRMARY. When a man has once become thoroughly convinced that he is the possessor of a large amount of cleverness, his next proceeding is usually an endeavor to persuade others to entertain the same belief. And as the case stands with respect to individuals, so also does this mental characteristic exhibit itself in the sayings and doings of governing bodies. Far be it from us to throw a slur upon the genuineness and purity of motive which animate the Sydney Infir mary's large and influential committee, yet we question whether any individual member of that body, or whether the committee as a whole, would not resent an expression of doubt as to his or their capacity and aptitude for the conduct of business. In a word, every man and every committee is permitted to be thoroughly wise in his and its own conceit. An amusing illustration occurs to us : — A professional man, attached to the institution, obtained permis sion to have a galvanic apparatus of his own design constructed for the use of the patients at the committee's expense, such expense not to exceed a five-pound note. Well, being a very scientific gentleman, a new idea struck him daily, and daily did he visit the philosophical instrument maker to make a fresh addition to, or some re- arrange- ment of, his machine, until, being perfected, it was found to be utterly useless, and the account, in consequence of alterations, reached the sum of £11. A canny Scot demurred to allowing any gentleman the privilege of being excessively scientific at the general expense — " he could na see it, mon," and ultimately the bill was paid to avoid the expos6 of an action in the District Court. Now, one would have thought that the lesson taught by a somewhat trivial circumstance would not have been thrown away, and that the rage for novelty, and the adoption of expensive measures would have been exercised with cautious deliberation. Let it be granted that the committee is clever, remarkably clever, thoroughly understands what it is doing, and that any remonstrance from outside the sacred circle would be met by a disbelief in the remonstrant's knowledge of any thing and of this matter in particular, yet we cannot honestly drop a note of admiration to the recent proceedings of this very talented body. There is but one excuse — the Infirmary is saddled with an incubus. Certain persons have been indulged in a whim — the hobby, the elephant, has been imported, and he must be cared for regardless of cost. His slightest Wishes are commands, his sug gestions are the utterings of an oracle, and the word economy is not to be found in his dictionary. The contract for the Nightingale wing was £7000, but nearly £10,000 has been already spent on it. Then again, with a view to the saving of your "poor feet," an American lift must be had, to admit of which staircases must be altered and cut away, and when the thing is finished at the cost of a few cool hundreds, its principal duty is to be a vehicle for the lowering of foul linen. And with the same disregard for utilitarianism the said linen is sent away to be cleansed because clothes lines and their con comitants are not picturesque objects in a genteel show box of fashionable resort. 'We hope the committee will advertise the where abouts of their laundress' residence as we wish our editorial shirts (twius and a dickey) to be well got up, but in the washtub of some nymph of the suds located in another quarter of the compass. And cabinet makers must only supply handsome goods, none of your com mon deal, strong and serviceable, but gimcrack finery, polished and shining, as the visitors who may inspect them. All this is very admirable, no doubt, and only to be spoken of with respect, but when the bills come to be added up at the year's end there will, we fear, be very strong language indulged in by the haters of humbug and flunkeyism. It is a sorry fact, my masters, but well qualified judges assert that, during the dynasty of poor Houston and Mrs. Ghost, matters were much better managed, and with only one-third of the present amount of assistance. We assure the committee of our desire to assist them in keeping all things honestly straight and snug, and venture to suggest that the present large and cumbersome body of directors be forthwith extinguished, and that a Board of five gentlemen be appointed in their stead. Experience in every instance indicates the folly of employing too large a governing body, and we are convinced that, with a smaller army of commanders, the propen sity to spend would be toned down, and a more careful intelligence would characterise the proceedings of those in office. Undoubtedly, however, the Government should, be represented on the committee. During the past year about £7000 was disbursed from the public revenue for support of inmates, and without including any amount to be devoted to building purposes. Surely, then, the Colonial Secre tary will see that he has some trustworthy person present to watch over the large expenditure. One little snug arrangement we will not, however, assist in. We will not consent to see matters smothered over and hushed up merely because they happen to be unpleasant. We will not consent to permit a legal inquiry to be stifled merely because the Sydney Infirmary is supposed to be like Caesar's wife free from reproach. W e allude to the fatal case of chloroform which recently took place, and on which no inquest was held, nor will we fail to recommend the instant dismissal of a nurse whose excellent qualities culminate at length in a picture of two policemen surrounded by a dense crowd dragging to the watchhouse an intoxicated speci men of humanity, arrayed in all the splendor of the Gamp nunnery livery. Some two years since a Board of apothecaries, by request, visited and reported upon the condition of the Dispensary. They stated that all its arrangements were of the worst character, that it was a perfect chaos of dirt and slovenly disorder, that many bottles were furnished with five different labels apiece, indicating five different contents, and that under the circumstances they thought it impos sible for any person to dispense a prescription correctly. Has the recommendation of those gentlemen ever been acted upon? We believe not. These gentlemen also stated privately, that the con sumption of certain medicines for certain nameless diseases was enor mous, and that to treat such cases at the public expense was a con spicuous abuse of the charity. The out-door surgeons complain that no accommodation such as a couch is allowed them for the examina tion of the sick, so that they must either prescribe at haphazard, or visit certain cases at their own homes, entailing upon them a large amount of fatigue. They maintain, moreover, that their waiting- rooms are inundated by well-dressed and apparently well-to-do people armed with orders for relief, signed in general by the Brickfield-hill drapers, who thereby secure friends and customers, and divert the money which ought to be spent in medicines and advice into a chan nel of ribbons and fallals. Now, we ask our constituents whether they are prepared to give up all claim to be heard ? whether it is not time some change should be effected ? whether they will allow the Domain to be encroached upon by further additions ? and whether they will permit a filthy disregard of cleanliness, and a lamentably negligent system of slovenly disorder to be still further encouraged and perpetuated ? One gentleman has stated that he has always given his services to the Infirmary on the supposition that it is a private, institution. Let this idea at once be stamped out. The Infir mary is no monopoly, no close borough ; it is heavily subsidised by the Government, and occupies a Government building, and the lady nurses had their passages paid for with Government money. Accord ing to this gentleman's own statement to the clergyman, the case of erysipelas could not have been received even had there been a ward set apart for such disease. Then why build any further upon the present site, when humanity would insist upon redress ? This colony cannot afford, like wealthy London, to have a separate hospital for each class of disease, but the citizens can insist upon having a build ing wherein all may be received with probably the one exception of small-pox. We repeat, that from all we hear, the sick girl to whom we referred in our last issue ought to have been admitted, and would not have been turned away from the door of any similar institution in England. Five and twenty acres in the neighborhood of the University are offered by the Government, and the new hospital can be commenced at once. The subscriptions were, as stated by the Rev. Mr. Moreton, given on the supposition that it was not intended to enlarge the present building, and we hear that the delay in begin ning operations is consequent upon the opposition of two of the sur geons who have the ear of the chairman of committee, and who object to the University site as being inconveniently distant from their residences. We, therefore, recommend the subscribers to dispense with the services of these gentlemen in forming the staff of a new Infirmary, and secure those of two really clever fellows in their stead. When our present lively Premier comes to consider this matter with his usual acumen, he may renew his historically recorded remark, addressed to the importer of the alpacas. And what did he say? Well, in his own forcible, classical, and elegant style, he expressed his opinion that they were a somethinged imposition. Since this article was written, an old woman suffering under severe injuries received from being knocked down by an omnibus, was taken to the Infirmary by a City Missionary and refused admission as an improper case. Can it be true that there are, as has been stated to us, forty unoccupied beds at the present moment in the institution ? We find, on reference to official letters published in the report, that -whilst subscriptions have amounted in twenty years to £24,000, the sums voted by Government, independently of many thousands for building purposes, amouuted to £66.832. We intend to keep this very important matter before the public as occasion may require . — Ed. Syp. Punch. 