The Kapunda Herald FRIDAY, JUNE 18, 1869. ATHLETIC SPORTS. Fashion prevails equally in the sphere* of amusements as in that of dress, and its dictates are followed as implicitly in the one case as in the otber, without regard to their adaptation to t ie peculiar circum stances of those thus influenced. Thus, in dress we have had seasons when crinolines were en regie, whilst at present they are almost banished; long- flowing dresses usurp the place of short garments, and the good old style of wearing the hair is entirely put into the shade Jby monstrous chignons, hair a la Imperatrice, &c.; So in the matter of sports, which, like the fashions, are imported direct from London and Paris; at one time cricket holds the dominance, and the technicalities of that manly game become familiar as household words. Then croquet usurps the lead, and tall strapping fellows are all anxiety to become proficients in this young ladies' game. Next we have a visit from a champion billiard-player, and forthwith billiards become the rage, and he who understands not the mysteries of the board of green cloth is equally scouted as the person who ventures to study elegance and ease rather than fashion in the matter of dress. These changes cast their shadows beforehand, so that even whilst one de scription of sport is at its height its successor may be readily seen pursuing its onward career. Thus the athletic sports,' which just now have the sway, will shortly have to make way for the bicycle epoch, the signs of which are already beginning to make themselves apparent. The past is irrevocably gone $ the future is uncertain; and the present only is our own ; so that whilst regretting the frivo lous nature of some of the sports of the past, and looking forward to those of the future, we must not neglect to take advan tage of the really commendable taste of the present day in the matter of sports. Although the love of athletic sports has just developed itself afresh at home and in the colonies, we need hardly say that the feeling is not one of modern birth; for amongst the classic Greeks the Olympian Games were held in the highest possible estimation, and were celebrated every fifth year with the utmost enthusiasm. The hope of achieving honour in these contests was as a bright star guiding the com petitors in the paths of temperance and activity, keeping them from such excesses and indolence as would have unfitted them for the contests in which they were to engage. In these Olympic games were included running, leaping, wrestling, boxing, throwing the quoit, horse and chariot races,1 and contests in the higher spheres of eloquence, poetry, and the fine arts. None but those of the highest moral character were allowed to take part in these contests, and the reward obtained was valued not for its intrinsic worth—for it consisted usually of but a crown of olive leaves—but as the symbol of victory, and as a stimulant to increased courage and 1 virtue—the possession of these tokens of victory being regarded as far more honour* able than the mere possession of unbounded wealth. It cannot be denied that, when properly conducted, the practice of athletic sports is highly invigorating to the body, and | through the body acts favourably upon the mental powers. It fits man for emer gencies by developing his muscular powers ; i and he who can run swiftly, swim strongly, j and leap lightly may often be enabled not only to preserve his own life but also to benefit others. The usual programme of sports at our athletic gatherings is not so comprehensive as that of those of the olden times, and in some respects it would be well to more nearly assimilate them. For instance, we have amongst us a large number of Cornishmen j wrestling with them is as national a game as cricketing is with the men of Kent, and wrestling might therefore be made a feature of the athletic sports celebrated in our own neighbourhood. In the Olympic games, those who were to contend in this sport entered their names, ignorant of whom they might have to contend with. When the day of contest arrived they drew lots by means of balls inscribed with letters, those drawing the same letters having to contend one with the other. ~ There is a danger of overdoing each and every popular amasement; such an abuse has crept into athletic sports at home, and has been the means of causing a re-action in the public mind against even the legiti mate use of them. Many persons contend for the victory in matters for which by nature they are unfitted, as, for example, in foot-races. Heart disease is said by j many of the faculty, to be caused by the over-exertion of those who are improperly I contesting in the foot-races; and the] strong love of the sensational has also I lead to most'ridiculous, because useless de velopments of athletics. The trapeze used in moderation is very beneficial for ex panding the chest, and strengthening the I muscles; but it is also very liable to be i used to excess, and the results of such ex- j cess are proportionately quite as injurious. One of the home papers in an article on I athletic sports deprecates the foot- racing I for short distances at an artificial speed,} and the use of the trapeze as alike in-1 jurious—the former it asserts does not | produce a power of endurance, and the latter is more calculated for the sensational I feats of the circus than for the; promotion j of physical health and strength. Having condemned many of the branches ofl athletics now in fashion, the article in j question goes on to recommend as the best I of all athletic sports that of boxing—on I the ground that it develops not one set I merely, but all the muscles, and further J because it is an acquirement which is of I | practical utility, not as a weapon of offence, but as a means of defence—enabling the I man who knows how to use his fists to be at all times armed against assault or mal- J j treatment. We do not go quite so far as j our contemporary in.regarding a proficiency j in; boxing as the panacea for all evils; but it ? is a branch of athletics deserving ofl some attention—though at the same time J there is perhaps none more open to abuse j than this, because whilst sensible people I would use the knowledge only as means ofl defence, there are many in whom it would j be aa offensive acquirement. For our- I selves we think that perhaps the most useful of all the branches of athletics is j pedestrianism—which is certainly one of the most healthy outlets for the employ-1 ment of exuberance of animal spirits—it is I not only enjoyable in itself, but is also a 1 means of enjoyment. Far better for our I young men to take bng walks into the neighbouring hills, to admire the native J shrubs, to gather the beauteous wild j flowers, and to become acquainted with [ the various beauties of nature which are j open to those who will seek them out, in- j haling the pure air, strengthening their j constitutions and invigorating their frames, j than to be lounging about the town, idle and listless, or otherwise engaged in acts j of mischief, which, whilst without bene- I fitting themselves, are injurious and J annoying to others. Not at all a bad plan would it be for the members of the 1 Athletic Club to have weekly pedestrian I excursions to one or other of the many j romantic or otherwise interesting localities j which are to be found within an easy 1 distance of Kapunda. J Tuesday next is to be devoted to the' first annual gathering of our local Athletic Glub. We hope that it may be a success ful meeting; and whilst we should like to see our local competitors take a fair share of the prizes, yet we shall not begrndge them to their winners wherever they may come from; and if only a minority of the laurels are won by the Kapundaites, it shall be a stimulus to nerve them to renewed energy and more constant practice, so that tbey may do better in the future. We would direct special attention to the alteration of the date in ths celebration of the Queen's Accession, which in consequence of Monday, the 21st, being the day for the dispatch of the homeward mail, has been altered to Tues day, the 22nd instant. It will be seen that the Athletic Club has also adopted this change of date, so that the sports will take place on Tuesday, the 22nd, in lieu of Monday, the 21st, as previously advertised. All the banks in Ka punda will remain closed on Tuesday. A meeting of gentlemen interested in testing the recent mineral discovery at Allen's Creek was held at the Six John Franklin Hotel on Friday evening last. There was a large at tendance ; His Worship the Mayor (Mr. D. Mock) was voted to the chair. After a letter had been read from Mr. S. Davenport (agent for the Company who holds the mineral right to the land), stating on what terms the discoveiy could ! be worked, it was resolved that a venture be \ formed consisting of 100 shares of £1 each, and that a twelve months' right of search be applied for on the terms mentioned in Mr. Davenport's letter. The following gentlemen were appointed a Committee to superintend the expenditure of the money :—Messrs. J. P. Moyle, A. Thomson, John Bowe, J. A. Bruce, J. Gr. Pitcher, W. Lis ton, and D. Nock (Treasurer). We under stand the whole of the shares were taken up before 12 o'clock on Saturday morning. On Monday forenoon the Committee and several practical miners visited the sections where operations are intended to be carried on, and an inspection of various pits and shafts led to the conclusion that so far as appearances go the present venture promises well. Those who have subscribed to the fund have done so not so much with a view to personal advantages, as with the hope that they may be able to show Borne tangible grounds for inducing capitalists to lend their aid to develop what is at present believed to be a valuable mineral properly—one which certainly should not be permitted to remain longer untested for its proximity to Kapunda is such, that if it should turn out well Kapunda cannot fail of being benefitted by its being worked. We would draw the attention of those interested to the fact that the anniversary of the Salem Tent of Kechabites will take place on Monday next. The brethren are to meet at half-past 2 o'clock, and will march in procession to the Primitive Methodist Chapel, where a sermon is to be preached by the Rev. 3. Warner at 3 o'clock. The intellect of the brethren having been appealed to, provision has been made for supplying the wants of the inner man, for which purpose the members and their friends will adjourn to the Bible Christian Schoolroom, where a substantial dinner is to be laid out at half-past 4 o'clock. In the evening a public meeting is to be held in the Bible Christian i Chapel, at 7 o'clock, the chair at which will be taken by His Worship the Mayor, P.C.Br. Nock. A letter has been received from the Rev. A. Crawford declining the call made by the Kapunda Presbyterian Church, inviting him to I accept the pastorate. The reason, given for this declinature is the unsatisfactory state of Mr. Crawford's health since visiting Kapunda. In a former communication, written shortly after leaving Kapunda, Mr. Crawford had intimated his willingness to accept a call i£ given. There was a pretty good attendance at Crase's Boom on Monday evening, on the occa sion of Mr. Lascelles' farewell concert. The performance opened with two pianoforte 'solos by Mr. Uascelles, which were applauded. "The Blue Bells of Scotland" was then sung by the same gentleman, and encored—in response to which song Mr. Lascelles sang "Memories of the Past." Mr. Wilkie sang very sweetly " Tell me, Mary, how to woo thee," which being vociferously encored was followed by the equally effective ballad "Gh>od-bye, Sweetheart, Good bye." "B/obin Buff," by Mr. Jjascelles, was as usual encored; and in place of repeating it, the comic Scotch song "Behave YourseF before folk" was given. Mr. Willie's "My Queen" followed, and in its turn was succeeded by the duet " All's Well," which was beautifully ren dered, and according to the fashion of Kapunda people encored. This call was good- humouredly responded to by Messrs. Lascelles and Wilkie, who then sang most effectively "The Mlinute Q-un at Sea," which closed the first part of the performance. The second part opened with another pianoforte solo by Mr. Jjascelles, which it is needless to say was applauded. Mr. Wilkie next sang with considerable sweetness and great effect " When first I saw thy form endearing," which was deservedly applauded. Mr. Jjascelles' " Old Simon, the Cellarer," met with the usual reception; and in compliance with the call of the audience Mr. Lascelles again took his seat at the piano, and caused roars of laughter by his description of the rustic delights of "Tea in the Arbour." The next in order was, as ever, decidedly the gem of the evening, the beautiful duet "Sunset," in which the voices of the vocalists blend most sweetly. This also was encored; and though thinking they had re sponded sufficiently to the demands of the audience in this respect, Messrs. Lascelles and Wilkie at first contented themselves with bowing their acknowledgments—eventually they had to yield to the continued appeals of the audience, and repeated the duet. Mr. Lascelles' " very pecooliar" song of "Miss Julia" was next in order; and if the old saying, that every hearty laugh indulged in draws a nail out of one's coffin, why a good many wails must have been drawn from those melancholy receptacles during the time occupied in the recital of Miss Julia's charms and fickleness. Need we say that this song too, was encored—"Mrs. Skinner" being appropriately substituted to show that not single ladies only are addicted to. deception. Mr. Wilkie's last solo was " My pretty Jane," which was rendered with exceeding taste. This was followed by the highly ridiculous history of "Beauty and the Beast," which having run its course was succeeded by the fiuale " Grod Save the Quean." On the whole the concert was very successful; but we must protest against the absurdity of encoring every song which pleases, thus spinning out the programme to twice the length, the more so when there are but two vocalists, for in some in stances, as in the case we believe of Mr. Wilkie, it is positively injurious, as well as fatiguing, to a vocalist to have to sing so many songs in one evening. We have received a pamphlet containing a lecture delivered by the Bev. J. Ashton, Bible Christian Minister, on Baptism. We need hardly say that the author takes the pedobaptist view of the question. It is beyond our province to enter into the question of infant versus adult baptism, but we can confidently recommend those who wish to see the question calmly and ably discussed from Mr. Ashton's standpoint, to obtain and peruse the pamphlet in question. We have received the June number oi Truth and Progress, the Baptist Magazine, which contains some very interesting and useful reading matter, including a synopsis of a sermon by Mr. Mead, a paper on hymns and hymn-books, &c.; There are also reports of various Baptist anniver saries, including that of the Kapunda Church, which by the way we notice is condensed from our own report, but without the usual ac knowledgement. The children's page contains some very useful extracts. Twelve gentlemen in Kapunda have formed themselves into a private Company for the purpose of testing the worth of some of the new cement diggings on the Victoria Hill at the Barossa Diggings. They have taken oat ten claims, and are patting down three shafts. All the holes on the opposite side of the ridge have struck the cement (which varies from ten to fourteen inches in thickness, and is apparently very rich) at depths varying from ten to forty feet, and as the cement strata dips towards the opposite side, it is certain that the holes now in course of sinking must also come upon the cement, though probably they will have to sink somewhat deeper. Some of the specimens of cement taken from the adjoining claim have been shown to us, and these are pretty thickly studded with the precious metal. It really is a great disgrace to those more particularly, interested that a really good crushing-machine has not yet been erected, as for want thereof these un doubtedly rich deposits are practically unwork able, or rather unprofitable to work. At present, when the diggers want to raise a little money for the purchase of provisions, &c.;, they have to bruise the cement with a sledge and then wash it; but this is, of course, too laborious and lengthy a process to pay. If 'the specimens we have seen are a fail' sample of the average quality of the cement, there can be no doubt but that the erection of a good crusher would not only be a remunerative speculation to the proprietors, but would also tend very much to the more thorough development of the riches of Barossa as a gold-producing district. The strange way in which the Govern ment purports to encourage, colonial industries has received another exemplification. Orders are sent home for a lot of iron fencing posts, which could be east here of better quality and at as low price as those imported, whilst tenders are invited for the manufacture in the colony of a locomotive engine—a work which the colony can hardly be supposed to be as yet prepared to execute to advantage, because the demand for such articles would be so small that it would not pay to obtain the necessary machinery. Con sequently, only one tender has been sent in for the work in question—that of Messrs. Mellor, for £2,300. Of coarse their estimate must to a certain extent be guess work ; bat if they obtain the contract, we hope they may be able to turn out a satisfactory locomotive, with a good share of profit to themselves. Our old townsman, Mr. D. B. Wiltshire, revisited Kapunda last week, looking all the better for his trip to the Northern Territory,. which place he has visited in his capacity as chief officer of the Gulnare. Mr. Wiltshire {points out that the description given of the country in his letters published in our columns some years since, is entirely borne out by the accounts received thence, although at the time he stood almost alone in reporting favourably of the capa bilities of the Northern Territory, and was con sequently supposed to have formed an exaggerated estimate of its probable value. There was a good attendance at the Baptist schoolroom on Thursday evening, when a very interesting lecture was delivered by the Bev. J. M. Day, on the "True Story of Certain Ghosts I have seen." The chair was occupied by His Worship the Mayor, and the proceedings were diversified by the efforts of some Welsh singers Mr. Wheatly also playing one or two pieces on the harmonium. At the close of the lecture the customary votes of thanks were passed. We shall publish a more lengthened report next week. Messrs. Darton & Co. have purchased at valuation the whole of the plant used by Mr. John Kounsevell in connection with the railway goods traffic, and intend carrying on business as railway and general carriers, on the same system as the Messrs. Pickford, and Chaplin & Home, in the United Kingdom. On Monday last, it being known that Mr. BounsevelTs contract had been terminated, some steps were taken in Kapunda for the formation of a Kapunda dallying Company, and? we believe one or two firms had agreed for the cartage of their goodp to or from the station at the rate of 1/ per tosu On Tuesday morning, however, Mr. Darton eame up to Kapunda, and as the arrangements for the formation of -the Company had not been con cluded, and as it had by this time become known that Messrs. Darton & Co. had purchased Mr. RounsevelTs plant, it was by many of the trades people deemed desirable to see Mr. Darton, and ascertain how far his firm would meet their views. An extemporised meeting was held, at which Mr. Darton expressed his willingness for the present to charge 2/ per ton in addition to the Government mileage rates, and -to do the carting at both ends—thus, wheat would be charged 12/ per ton, including fetching and de livering, or about two-thirds of the former rates, viz.—18/2. This arrangement will be very ad vantageous for all but very large customers of a particular class—those who can always get up their goods by truck rates. These could probably do their own carting even more cheaply j but so&r; as the general-public is concerned, the new plan is very advantageous. Parcels, too, axe to he con veyed at the moderate charge of 1/ each, -instead of 2/6, as at present—a most extravagant charge. Our old friend Mr. Quirke still continues the management of the goods traffic at Kapunda, and his experience will help to make the new order of things work smoothly. We must hot expect all the reforms simultaneously, but at the same time we hope there will be no unnecessazy delay in revising the passenger tariff also, which at present is far too high. We understand that the formal opening1 of the Eoseworthy and Forresters Bail way is to take place early in July. We understand that a memorial has gone down to the Postmaster-General from the settlers on the Murray Flats, near the Govern ment Well, for the establishment of a Post-office at Mr. J. Conniffe's house at the Government Well. The nearest Post-office at.present is Hansborough, which is about ten miles distent, and as the district is being rapidly settled by the farmers, we shall be very glad to hear that the Postmaster-General has acceded to the wishes of the memorialists, as we beliere ft will prove a great benefit to the settlers in that sart, The memorial was signed by about forty eefetlere. The Government has slightly lengthened the hours of the employes in the Civil Service, which even now will be light as compared with those of clerks in mercantile and other offices. Prom the 1st of August next the horns will be from half-past 9 a.m. until half-past 4 pjn., in place of, as at present, for 10 to 4. The various offices are to close at 1 o'elock on Saturdays. The work in th« audit office must surely be again getting in arrears, and it is to be hoped that the new regulation that each day's work iB to be finished on that day, may be enforced in that department. At the Council meeting on Wednesday a letter was read from the Chief Secretary's office, dated June 8, stating that an account for £231 for first instalment of grant-in aid to the Council had been sent to the Audit Office to be passed for payment, but up to the time of the Council meeting that amount had not been placed to the credit of the Corporation. This amount was due a couple of months back, and indeed the sum of £500 is now due as grant in-aid. These delays in the payment certainly put the Council to considerable unnecessary expense in the matter of interest, an item of ex penditure which is by no means a small one just now, as the bank overdraft is upwards of £900. Our upper dam is in a fair way to be rendered useful, safe, and ornamental; the Council having resolved to call for tenders to fence in the same, and to make a roadway along it, and further to plant the banks. This will be a decided improvement on its present condition, which is alike unsightly and dangerous. We notice by an advertisement in another column that Mr. Crase's really first- class billiard-room will be opened on Tuesday next, when a grand tournament pool will fed™ place at 7 p.m. At the Council meeting' on Wednesday considerable dissatisfaction was expressed at the lax manner in which the Inspector of Nuisances discharges his duty, these complaints referring more especially to the stray cattle nuisance, and to the injury caused to foothpaths by -wheeled traffic passing across. It was very justly pointed out that in the latter matter the Inspector was not so much to blame, because many of the allotments abutting on made foothpaths are still nnfenced, and it is simply impossible that the Inspector should be able to at all times be in all places to look after these. The proper remedy would be to compel owners of such allotments to fence them. But with respect to the stray cattle nuisance—rwe quite agree that impounding one cow in a fortnight, when there are so many -stray cattle about, is not at all the thing. The Inspec tor is too fond of the Main-street, forgetting apparently that it is his duty to to travel day by day over all parts of the Corporation. 