THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The election campaign has uow been fairly commenced, and it the Liberal pprty proves true to itself, the regnlt will be the most snb Bfantial victory hitherto achieved. The Com mittee of tha Loyal Liberal Association met at Tankard's Temperance Hotel last evening, and went through a good deal of practical work. An active correspondence has been ! commenced with leading electors in all the district ! to be contested ; and it has been resolved to conloit every teat in the liberal intorost. There is to be a public meeting of tho Association on Wednesday evening next, tho 29th inst , in tho Princess Theatre, when the hon. Air H'Calloch will take the chair. This is a tolerably conolnsive nni-.per to the miserable cqnard that Mr M'Cdlloch had lost come of hia characteristic eagerness in the straggle. A mis arable cause indeed it is that has to depend upon the aid of snch centemptible de vices. Mr Vale'a speeoh last night is a suf ficient answer to tho other invention which described him as unwilling to respond to the overture of tho electors of Collingwood, Mr Vale has poiitively promised to contest the dis trict, and his doing so is tantamount to success. Falsehood wonld be a complimentary epithet for fabrications so ridiculously nntrae. Mr John Thomas Snith ia likely to find that in grasping at offioc he has put a period to j his parliamentary career. The electors of West Bourka, long weary of the incubus, seem delighted at the opportunity of ciBting it off; and we believe we are safe in etiting that they will hive tha opportunity ia tho candi dature of Mr Thomson (formerly member for Evelyn), who is well known and liked in the district ; and we mar regard his return as a matter of oourse. Forgetting its recent adoption of good man ners, the Argus designates as ' an impudent statement' our denial of the osier tion that thera was a serious neceseisn from tho ranks of the Loyal Liberal Association and that a separate society wai about to be formed unu'er the leadership of Mr William Ribinnon, for merly secretory of tha body. Not caring to retaliate in our contemporary's spirit or language, we may simply say that our infor mation was derived fr-im two perfectly reliable gentlemen, intimate friends of Mr Robinson, one of whom was with him nt the meeting of the Loyal Liberal Committee at Tunkard's Hotel tho other night, and who was certainly led to beliove that Mr Ribinson felt aggrieved at the uio made of his name. These two gentlemen spoke as 'having authority from Mr Robinson to make tho contradiction, nnd wo beliovo they had snch authority. In referring to the matter at all, we intended merely a per sonal kindness to Mr Robinson, fer we at tached not the slightest political importance to. his proceedings one way or tho other. Sinoe Mr Ribinson faded out of politics wo believe his only publio appearance has beoa i)i suitor against Captain Dane, for whom, as parliamentary agent, he had ineffectually endeavored to obtain a scat From Mr Robinson's connection with this affair, it was supposed that he had aban doned all connection with politic;, except a purely basinets one ; and it is evident that a gentleman who professionally exerted himself for the return of Captain Dane, notoriously opposed to his own political views, at leost left himself open to the reproach of having como to regard politics in purely a commercial aspect. If we are to look upon Mr Robinson's letter, since published, with .its mysterious re/erenco to ' political gratitude,' ss a maui'eeto, wj take tho liberty of stating that just aa he has long ceased to do any good for the Liberal party, he has rendered himself powerless for mischief ; and wo wish 'tho new Ministry' joy of such a varioiWe ally. We venture to repeat our con notion that there is no serious falling off from the Liberal ranks. No doubt there are some Liberals honestly attached to the new mon from porBonal sympathy, and somo ready to cling to them from very different mr/tiver. Bat although a journal has been started for the express purpose of sowing dissension in the Liberal camp, and there aro free lances like Mr Robinson read; to accord their disinterested Bupport at the coming elections, the heart of the country ia too Bound to be affected by such sinister influences in thefainteit degree. Mr Longmore, accompafiied by Mr Higin botham, Engineer-in- Chief, and Mr A. Wells, resident engineer, visited the goods station of the Geelong Railway yesterday, in order to deoidn what enlargements should be made to the platform, &o.; The abovenamed gentle men wore soon after their arrival joined by the Major and MeBirs Richardson, Kcrnot and lierry, ax.r.s. iiie aeciaion arnvea at was to widon the platform, mako.a new siding, and other improvements that will materially tend to facilitate the loading and unloading nt goods. At the conclusion of the inspection tho party accepted tho invitation of the Mayor to luncUeou, at the Viotoria Hotel, from whence they ad journed to the town ball, and afterwards visited the gaol, wilich is now baing transformed int an industrial school, the works now being carried out in which establishment met with condemnation as not being a fit receptacle for young chi'dren. The Botanical Gardens and industrial schools were also visited. The hon. G. Pdton Smith will address the electors of South Bourko, at the Town Hall, Hawthorn, this evening. Mr Vale addressed a meeting of some 700 electors of Collingirood last night at the Studley Arms Hotel, Wellington-street, and met with a great reception. Very shortly after he commenced his epeoch the crowd became so much swelled that it was impossible for the room to accommodate it, and loud cries arose of ' Adjourn outside,' where it was proposed for Mr Vale to address tho eloctora from a front .window. Those who could not hear him were - pacified with an as mrance that they would have t'ae speeoh over again without ; and Mr Vale then proceeded to deal with the political aspect of affairs. Ha cilled upon the electors to stand by Mr M'Calloch and houeat Liberalism ; and, with re ference to bis own candidature, said that he would obtain an expression of opinion from this meet ing, and then announce early next week whe ther he took the field. His speech was brief but most effective, and it was reoeivad with re peated bursts of cheering. At its termination a shoir of hands was taken, and tho crowded assemblage showed an almost complete anan imity in supporting the vote of confidence. Mr Vale then went to a front window of the hotel, and addressed fully a thousand persons outside. Here again the reception aooorded him was most warm, and a renewal of the expres sion of the conSdence of the electors was given. Afterwards a mooting of the com mittee was held in the hotel, and Mr Vale gave his positive promise to stand and fight the election through to the last. The com mittee thereupon resolved that he should go in free of expense, and a sum of from £30 to £-10 was (ubsoribed en the spot towards the cost of the elootiou. . One of the most oamical of the ' stories' invented by an extremely reputable journal yesterday was this : — ' There are already rumors abroad that, acting upon advice given by the lato Chief Seoretary, Mr Rjlfe will not proceed further with the contest.' After deliberately uttering a statement liko this, absolutely at variance with the truth respecting bath Mr M'Culloch and Mr Rslfe, Barely oar con temporary ia not worth, seriou? contradiction. Lie on, frieni. Y^u are perfectly harmless. Mr Rolfe proceeded to Ccowlands yesterday morning, where he will bo welcomed by troops of friends, and triumphantly returned. We regret to observe that Mr W. Grant, brother of the late Minister of Lands, died on Thursday evening. Hiving long been in a pra carioai state of health, Mr Grant was removed from Pleasant Creek to Melbourne, in the hope that change of air would effect an im provement, but, unfortunately, it was too late. Proceedings have already been commencad at the instance of the Board oi Land and Works against 'those persons who are in the habit of allowing the Yan Yuan water to ran to waste. Five persons were summoned to tho District Conrt yesterday for this offence, and fined various anmi from Is to Sa, with 10j 61 costs, as a warning to like offenders. There is another side to this water question, however, aad a very serious one. It is bad enough for carelesb people to waste the wator, bnt it is still worse for careful people to be Buddenly deprived of. water v.-hen they are most in need of it. Com plaints mq again rife in the suburb* that the water is frequently turned off for hours, not only causing inconvenience, bat in somo oases inducing very serioas ilincEB. Surely whon this turning-off process becomes neccBiary, timely notice might be given, sj that ;he residents of the district might provide a ! enpply for indieperunble purposes. There seems' I nothing to prevent such an arrangement except official bungling or indoleco. Iu addition to the banquet to bo g'ven at Sandridge on Tuesday evening to General Latham, ex-American Consul, a banquet on a much larger scale is to be given to that gentlnman in Melbourne, prior to his depnr- . tyre from Victoria. Tho Sandridge banquet , ia principally a maritime one, arranged by | thos6 concerned in the shipping interest ; out the entertainment to be giveu in Melbourne is to bo of a more general character, representing the commercial and other in- | tareflta of the city ; and such is the ! esteem in which General Latham is held, that moat of our leading citizens have | promised to attend. Several well-known gen tlemen in Melbonrno have already initiated measures to secure the bucoosb of the banquot. ' No date has yet been fixed, as it is not definitely settled wben General Latham will take his departure. j Considerable alterations are being carried oat ia the Art Mnseum. The Exhibition Bailding has for some weeks been placed at ( tho disposal of Mr Nicholas, of the Mining department, who hns been basily engaged ia ' arranging the very Rae collection of minerals ' in the possession of the truoteoe. Tho whole of tho large hail will bo devoted to mineralogy, while the annexe will contain samples of the native woode of the Australian and Oceanic group of islands. In this room also stands the printing press used by the late Mr John Fawkner for printing tha first newspaper in the colony ; and samples of the products and manufactures of tho colonies will also here be displayed. The rotunda, under present ar rangement, will be used for the purpose of the School of Design. The pioturea in the gallery have been re-hung, tho statuary has been cleansed and replaced, and the Massurn as a whole will shortly assume an entirely now ap pearance. At present only the pioture, statuary and art manufacture galleries are open to the pablio, bat the whole will be completed within three or foar weeki. A stroll through the rooms must satisfy everyone that although there ii amnlo spaoo for the exhibition of the present collection, there is no room to spare, and the question arises, ' Where aro tbo technological Bchooln to be located?' If the commission is really lo bscomo something more than a sham, it is time that it had a habitation and a home, and emerged from its present vagrant condition q( exiatenoe. At whose door lies the blame for the present con dition of affairs it is hard to say, bat it is simply disgraceful to all concerned that month after month rolls away and the technological schools are still floating about in the misty atmosphere of the moon. An eminent writer observes in a recent work on Iadi* that ' ons of the only drawbacks to a voyage, up the Ganges ia the number of un pleasant things one has to pa-s on tho way.' The same remark would apply to n jonrnov tip Swanston street any timo in the early morning at the present season of the year, for a greater number of nnpleasant things it is hardly pos sible to find within the same distance in Mel bourne or elsewbore. It.appoars to be a gene ral praotioo on the part of shopkeepers in that street to cast the refuso of their warea into the street channel, down which they are carried for a short distance, and then deposited on the tides of the gntter in the sight ot passers by. An observing individual, who travelled yester day morning from tho corner of Fliuders-Btreet to Lonsdale- street, made the following invon tory of (he articles ho saw floating down the turbid stream on his way : — A doad oat, a half devoured Itv of mntton, a bunch of withered flowers, and Bundrjr stale fish; a couple of buncbos of stale turnips, and then another defunct cat, closely pursued by a couple o! gigantic rats which had evidently oome to an untimely end ; next came 'a supply of oranges whioh had ceased to be market commodities, then a ' dead marine,' and after that another supply of stale nab, and so on ad nauseam. As all these several nrtioles would find their way into the rivor ia due course, unleaB inter cepted by the scavengers, whioh ia not pro bable, a pretty good idea may be obtained ai to how the Ynrra gets polluted. If any ono doubts the existence of such n state of things, let him pay a visit to the «pot on the Yarra where the Sivanston-slreet drain pours its pol luted current into the river, and they will be convinced that it is high time something was done to remedy this crying evil. A vast variety of plants may at this timo be Boon in flower at tho Botanio Gardens. There the later flowering acacia are in bloom, the spreading acacia saligua being particularly conspicuous. An avenue of this specieB was formed last autumn. Tho maslix tree of South Europe (Piatacia Xientiecus) is also in flower. Among the many greenhouse plants, Leucotboc axillaris, from Florida, is one of the prettiest. Donations during tho week — from the hon. H. Pitot, of Mauritius, a case fall of Calladiumj ; from Dr. Purdie, of Danedin, New Zealand, seeds; from Professor Lindberp, of Helsingford, a splundid series of museum plants from Arolio Soandinavia. AH very gratifying, no doubt ; ytt there are not a few who think that some of oar own neglected wild flowers and shrubs are at least as valuable as ' any of the lot.' Wo understand: that Mr G. P. Luah (ono of the Rev. Thos. Ness's ?tudinte) has received nnd acoepted the unanimous call of the Hotham Baptist Chnroh to become their pastor, aud has consequently assumed tbat position. The usual public recognition services will (O.V.) be held early in Deoember, of whioh duo notice will be given. In tho County Court yeBterday the whole of tho morning was taken np with the hearing of M'Ewan v. Morris, whioh was an action brought to recover £50 under the following circumstancee. Plaintiff desired to become landlady of the Foundry Hotel, and the de fendant, who is a publican's broker, was ap plied to to value the fittings end other necessary appendages of an hotel, the plaintiff nod the owner having previously deposited £50 each in defendant's hands. When tha valuation was made, the plaintiff became impressed with the idea that she was being sold, and declined to complete the bargain. She then brought her action to get back the £50, but as it was proved that the owner got a higher valuation by £23 from the tenant who eventually took the : house, she wae nonsuited with costs. Ellorker and others v. Andrew oocapied the rest of the day, and the plaintiff*' case only was completed when the court rose. The action was brought to recover £76 Sn commission, and £50 was paid into court. The case, as far as opened, presented several peculiar features, whioh -may 1)0 modified by the defence. ?? A case ' containing enough matter for a three-volume novel ' came under the notice of , the city rnngistr'ates yesterday, during tho in vestigation of a oharge of child- desertion brought agaiast a man named John Dent. The proaecutrix, a buxom looking dame owning to 33 years of age, went into the wit ness box with an infant of ten months in her arms, and gave the following rather strange »tory : — In January, 18GC, she was the possessor of considerable property, and was landlady of the British American Hotel, in Melbourne, when the prisoner came to her as barman. Sio bai no wish to enter the matri monial state again, having been already twice married ; hut the barman ' bothered her so much' that, at last she consented to become Mrs Dent, and on the 25th of January in that year prisoner brought' a gentleman to the house whom he introduced as Parson Morris. Tho ceremony was per formed at the hotel, in the presence of two witnesses, named John Williams and Elias Pickles. One of these witnesses (Pickles) had einco died, and she did not know what had become, of the witness Wil liams. The worse for her, ehe never re ceived any mirriage certificate. After the wedding Dent did not appear in such a good light as before the ceremony, and was conti nually consorting with ' nsagsmen' and such like characters, and her property gradually do oroased until nono was left. Dent deserted her, but she had him arrested, and iu dofault of his finding security ho was locked up for twelve months ; bat in consequence of his protestations of reformation she obtained bis release, when, instead of his returning to her bonse he im mediately decamped to Now Zealand with another man's wife. She followed him, but Inst trace of him, and went to New South Wales, where she discovered him, and tie she then had a young child, Bhe sued aim for its maintenance, and obtained an order for 10a per week for twelve months. Tho prisoner found security for the duo payment of this amount, bat having Itft New South Wales and gone to live at Alexandra, tho woman followed him ronnd hero, had him. arrested on warrant, and brought to Melbourne. Iu crosaexamina tion, she admitted having had a child daring her stay in New Zealand, which she alleged died. She bad also been married twice pre viously, once when she was only fifteen years old. but that husband was accidentally killed within, sis mouths, and before a neconu sis months had passed she had married her reenn,? husband, who brought her out to Adelaide T=? : aa to what had become of him or how .»,« had passed tho intervening period , ha was vory reticent. The whole c.so seemed ro strange and improbable that the bench te mandod tho prisoner for seven davs for th« production of farther evidence, ejpeciallv «, ,! the alleged marriage the prisoner denjinB that he was ever married to her, and disownin all knowledge of the child's paternity It « pears strange that a woman who has been' already twice married could go through the oeremeny a third time withont harino- anv certificate to show in suppott of her siate°raent or knewiug something about tho clergyman. It is notified in the Gazette that the Se'ere tary of State for the Colonies having intimated to the Governor th«t tho Qaaeu's Exequatur smpowering David S. Pinnell, Eta., to «« cise hii functions as Cjnaul for the United States nt Melbourne, received her Maiesfv'g signature on the 22ad Jane last, his Eioellencv has been pleased to reoognise Mjr Pinnell in that capacity accordingly. It is announced thai; A. P. Akehurst Een P.M., ha. been appointed vieiting juatice of the gaol, Kilmore, rice J. K. Trainor, Eso resigned. Tho Governor has accepted the resigaation by William Shenstone, Esq of Wahgunyah, of tha office of a justice of 'the P6OC0. There was quite a stir in the Chinese qnar : ters yesterday, caused by tho arrival of a lares number of Mongolian immigrants from the flowery land by thq ship Union. Tho men and boys, contrary to the too. general rule, looled healthy aud robust, notwithstanding their lone i and heavy voyage, and spoke in favorable terms i of their treatment on board. They deBcrib-d the losa of three countrymen who died ea the voyage a« being owing to ' John loo mochy sea Bick,' and the only thing in conneotienwith I their death which at all disturbed John was' I that the bodies were not preaerved in place of : I buing committed to the deep. The most of the I new arrivals are bound for tho diggings, a few I are engaged in connection with the numerous ' I Chinese gardens whioh are springing up jn tho 1 suburbs, and a party of six or eight are said to I oe lorerunners oi a number of others who con template attempting to introduce tea planting in the colony. The promptitude with which the Chicese colonists find themselves employ ment immedia'.ely on landing contrasts faror- ' ably with the aupineneis of many Europeans under similar circumstances. An accident, expected to terminate fatally, ia reported by the Star to have occurred at the Methodist Chapel, Grassy Gu!ly, on Sanday last. A lad, about twelve ycara of age, nsmed Brown, when rinsing the bill for service, pulled it oloan out of its settiDgi down to big head, on which it inflicted a horrible gash through whioh the brain protruded. The doc- ] tors entertain scarcely a hopo of hia recovery. Are the days of ' big uaggets ' aboot to return 1 It is said that the Leviatbua Gold' Mining Company, near Ballarat,- have fcun earthod a nugget weighing A lb 9 oz. The ion of Mr Tregonning, of the Black Ball Hotel, Creswiok', while on his way to school on the morningjof 23rd September, picked up in the middle of the road near the Weeleyan school a nngget weighing rather moro than 4 or. 11 dwt, and whioh was Bold for £18 Gf. A telegram from S mdburst oontaina the infor mation tbat a 30 oz nngget was found on Thursday at the head of the Sheepwasli Creek by a ' hatter.' The vagrant aidience- who make a point of i lounging away an hour or two in the City' P»Iice Court will bo at a loss what .to do with themselves for tho next fortnight, daring the alterations and improvements which are ta tako plaoo in the building. Daring the repairs the bmrneBB of the City Court will bo held iu, tha District Court, and the civil business will be heard in tha long room up-slairs, and as the ' prisoners will havo to be brought through that part of the District Court allotted to lookers on, of course the audience will havo to Beek gome other lonnging place for the time. The alterations whioh have been long talked of will be of a very general character, and the whole of the court will be ro-arrunged with a view to the convenience of all whose business causes them to visit that very inoonvenient building. By the Tamar steamship, on the 23rd inst., the racehorsea Saucy Dick and Royal Charlie,, the property of Mr Peter Smith, arrived frora. Launceston. Thoy may bo expected to appea^ on onr iurf at the forthcoming spring meeting.' At the Hamilton Police Cenrt on Monday, Alexandor Thomson was charged with having threatened to cut the throat of Agnes Thoai- i son, and on another ocoasion with having de clared he would put her on the fire and bcrn I her. The case was not gone into, and defend- ;j ant was remanled oight days for ihe production '?' of evidence. j Tho JTamilton Spectator states that on visit- I ing a retired spot in the locality of Nareeb- I Nnreeb first one and then another fine bore I left cover and bounded off before him. He I counted no less than half a dozen in about I fifteen minuter, one n fine leveret apparently I about foar months old. I On Wednesday afternoon Joreraiab. Darcy, i landlord of the Rock of Cashel Hotel, South I Melbourne road, Ballarat, drew tho sam of j £192 from one of tho banks at Ballarat, and ! then proceeded to get drank. At about 5 E o'clock, says the Star, he gave a cabman 10i I to drive him borne. The oabunu drove him I abont half way home, and then loft him in the j North Melbourne road, where be remained S asleep until 7 o'clock, when his son, who was I proceeding home in his dray, found bite. It I was then discovered that the money whi;h I Daroy bad whon he got into tho cab was mia- | sing. Tha matter har, of course, boen pat into | the hands of the police. I About three weeks since an inquest was held I on the body 'of a prisoner in Pentridge, named I Mary Taylor, who it was supposed died from IJ the effects of injuries sustained at the bands of E a man named Henry Thornton during a row at j| the Shearers' Arms Hotel, Little Bourfee-street, 3| bnt tho jury considering there was no evidence E ngainet the man returned a verdict of accidental ? death, and he was discharged. Yesterday morn- E ing this man was charged on warrant at the City B Court with ' being an idle and disorderly per- M son within the meaning of tho 35th section of » the Police Offences Statute.' The eviteqe m against him given by eovoral of the detective ,«| force was, that he had been released from gaol Vjj on 5th July, after ' doing' a sentence of two m years for receiving stolen property, since which B; time he'had done no work, but was in the habit M of consorting with the lowest olass of thievrt ;? and proBtitutos, and frequenting the Korit M pablio houses and taps in the city.- - In his de- m fence he produced a witnesa who stated tbat be m was cook of a station at Hay, and^had engaged m the prisoner to go up to Hay with him as a H mate. The only object of the police in bripg- m ing him before the court being to get him oot K of the city, upon his promising to leave Mel- m bonrne on Monday next he was discharged, the jEj magistrates cautioning him that if he was again jgj brought before them on a similar charge be jK wonld reoeivo a severe sentence. ^ jfi| The Oocns Spectator aays that in cense- g quenoe of tho Eldorado strike 100 men arson H their way from Ballarat to the Opens, who bite gg been guaranteed six months' work. The wafies m at whioh the Bnllarat Hundred engaged are- ? per week, £2 10a for fioemen ; £2 5i for men -M truckers, and JE2 for lad trucker*, we m Spectator strongly advises the authorities to De m prepared for any ill-advised violence that may :H take plaoe. , , Jm Tho Billarat Gas Company havo announced M their intention to reduce the price of paa in J| that town from 16« 3J to 14* 33 per 1000 feet -B on and after the 8th November. \ M In tho Supreme Court yesterday, tbefull -m conrt wbb engaged hearing arguments m enp- ,m port and against the appeal from a decision or ,*| iis Honor Judge Molcaworth in re the Aladdin .m Gold Mining Company v. the Aladdin ana uy ;» Again Gold Mining Company. A strorj ;Mr. m consisting of Mr Stephfn, «r,uiVale^ 1 Ballarat); Mr Fellows and Mr Webb, ?««# fl| for the appellant, and Mr Bunny and Mr Hoi M rovd for the respondent. To-day Mr Boliop m has to be heard, and Mr Walsh in reply- |g Tho Bendigo News haa been informed ta m a serious charge is shortly to be brought «p««« M two oonatables attached to the Sandhurst lorce. KJ On Friday morning, between four f '«'? S o'clock, Mr Chomley, superintendent of poi«. M is said to have diacovered two police ™»f?S M on the brow of the hill, near the rotunda' o U» m Camp Reaerve, apparently in a Jwlp!e» ?!«? Kg of intoxication, ?' with their *«»» ^ M around them.' After some twnKe, t t«£j || they were aroused, but it was found they «» W unable to walk, and after ? th«r b.U «» M taken away they were » left don ? »J g| gtoy,' It is «aid the consUblef «™u* M duty during the night previou., and we« : m come with fatigue, or at any rate,- weaKfl || before reaching homf . . « 'fi| The Gazette notifies IW£» jjjj | chant Laidman, Esq., has baan bj-j-' « ? „ nfficpr for the electoral district of grains °»c'. ' c Ai d. p.lFCo, Eoq , re *«5rA R Aicehnrat. Esq., P.M., to be »&**?'„ offlter for tha electoral d«t*ict of ;C? «?« J- K- Trainori Bi*- 'T6*; . Tha acceptance of the following contracts w ?= /?,; thfl Gazette .— Undertaking funerals, »°W fro« 17th September to 31st De *' w isGO-Cofiins, children'., 3, each; cembsr, io« & children's, i0- r 1 i«h ? 'o alu t.\ £1 8a 6d each ; mile ,r Tinse Evans, who ha» made bo favorable ^'nrST drama, wiU make her fi»t W -X ta tertaqne at the Theatre ? R,,.l l!KTX- «te' »he wiU enBtain thfl pBrt of Lb.lS.!Tf' iron's 'Maid an«i the Magpie.''. 1 SSonBg aclrees's admirer, will, doobUtn. 1 'i nmneronBly on the oocaiion. The per- j I fiZSuu will commence (for the hrat time at I '??t o'clock) with Naroi»88, in which Herr 1 SjtowD cinlinuei to delight attentive an- I 1 ?;fls and thin programme .8 to be repeated 1 Short the week until Saturday next, when I Kandmann will make hi. fmt appearance I toShJbp«riM characters, Othello being the i fi™tof the aeries, xnm »»» » Yt-.j Buuu »- I « 5«nce last evening, and Miss Evans and I Herr Ban 'n^nu were loadly called for at the I enj of each act. I Tbo Rsefetw-Ganaral reports favorably on g „ . healtb'of Melbourne and subnrbs during K«ek wdfag 18:h Soptember. BirthB| HO ; I dealb«, 71. I Another pastoral prince, Mr JameB Cxlnsi, 1 .naaUer, of Singleton, N.S.W., has had to give I r before tke foroa of cirentmtances. uiblUtie.. £186,000 ; assets, £111.000. 1 Ti is understood that the Crown Proiecutor I ,Mt not intend to file a bill ogainit the girl, I T-,r,n Livincetone, who was committed for ttial I f0 Concealment of birth on tha Slat May last, I in Geelong. 3 The officials of the Union Bank received a 1 sharp rebnbe yesterday from tho mogigtrates I on the city bench, for neglecting to detiin I , woman who had preaented for payment a stolen deposit receipt for £100. The facls j 0; t),e Cage were that, on the 20th inst., a I m;ner named Thomas Watkint. a fresh arrival ? in town, met » woman, named M'lnernv, in I Lousdale-slrcet, and took her to tho Black ! gau Hotel, whsre ho ' shouted.' In paying ! ? for the liqnor, he let the woman see that he I jjjfl fiye sovereigns in his purse, together with I B deposit receipt iut *iuu. oio^ *cur«u£ iuu I ^tpi, they went op the ftrcet together, and I itood talking at the corner of Beehive-lane I for a few minutes, daring which time tho f woman managed to abstraot the pnr«e from I hia pocket, wliioli he did not miss until she had left him some time ; but he immediately gave ! information to the polioo, and subsequently j ftoppod payment of the receipt at the bank. ! Id the course of the following day, the woman. [ presented the receipt and asked for payment, I but the teller refused to pay the amount, ' in I consequence of information received,' and the 1 woman was allowed to leave the bank without any effort being made to detain her, although it wn kDown that the deposit receipt had i been stolen. Constable Dallon, however, ''? from the description givea by tho prosecutor, I managed to arrest the priionor the same after ' noon, at a brothel in Fiindors-3treet ; but when ho arrested her she very coolly Baid sbo re ceived tho receipt from her eonsin, who had died on the previous Friday. Upon being ques tiond as to the name of iiioh a liberal cousin, Bhe was unable to give any definite anBwer; and in tho ilock she set np the defence that iho had been drinking far several dnys. The bench decidod to commit her for trial ; and it was incidentally mentioned that considerable difficulty might have been caused in the arre«t of tho prisoner through the bank offi cials sot having nude an attempt to detain her. It appears that, the west end of Lydiard itreot, Bellarat, weara a more lively air than usual iast now, in ouuseqnenee of the almost I hourly arrival of waggonB from the up-country 1 districts. Men witfc wool, to be stored with I Messrs Holmes, White and Co. I Tho secretary of tho Ballarnt Rifle CInb I has recoived a challenge from the Bast Mel | biurnoRilla and C-trbine Club, to fire a series 3 (if matches, the first at Ballarar, fifteen men I aside. A meeting of members of tho club will S beheld at the Camp Hotel on Monday evenincr 5 to make tho necessary arrangements. I The ArtiusnB1 School of Design waa largely f a'tended last evening, there being ninety »ta ; dents present. There aio now tmo hundred ; and thirty mombrra of this school, and there is j every prospect of a large increase. The ll^v. : Dr. Blelsdnle and other gentlemen yiaitad the I school, and neemod much pleased with the I order that provailed, and tho oaraoatneas ef \- loth teachers and students. | At the Geeleng Police Court yesterday, JameB Cox wan sent to gaol for six months : for having indulged in tho pastime of beating his wife on the head with an iron bar. Tho first pipe of tho system of reticulation I whioh is to supply Geelong with water, was laid yesterday. The entire quantity of pipes Hg uctrnituj' lur imo Bureaus !? uu*v in tjuriHCU W position, and it is expected tha whole will bo i E ready for service in about four months. :. K Tho Bjnrke G-;nersl Sessions were ad |i joarned till to day for tho purpose of heari:. g P »n appeal case, Caughlin v. Caughlin, but li Judge Pohlman has remanded the case until gi the October sessions. U It appears that a stone foand at Epsom, if BeDJigo, and submitted to the examination of B Mr Ctiip, jeivoilor, of this city, has by him If been prononnced a diamond. Bendigo has i thosfieadvantigeof Ballarati the latest dis H eoTery of gems in which district i« thus humor m owly described by the Courier :—' The latest m thiDg in diamonds so-oalled was shown about H ? the Oornor yesterday; ia the shape of- a resplen k| .mi luno-^uii vibruuua-iuuHin^ musB ui auonc @ Bewn inches periphery. The weight must i Imobeen at least 2000 oarats;- and if of the M pnreat water, and of the proper specific gravity, i would probably buy up a European kingdom or I t»o. Oa being nubmitted to Mr Sleep, that I gentleman, whilst admiring its shape, pro | nouaoed it to belong to tho gasalior order ; and I on farther being compared with the pendant of I a cryital ornament of that nature no-v hanging | from the ceiliDg of the Corner Hottl bar.it | wa3 foand to correspond oxsotly.' I Tho performances at Weston'a Opera Houao | lait night wore for the benefit of Mr Holly, I tho delineator of fem 1L0 character in the troupe. | Tho piece cie resistance was a new farce en 1 titled ' The Misohievoua Monkey,' in which I Mr Holly impersonated an ape, tho pieoe being p '»'/ oimuur io one in wniou i'aul Mminetti I flchieved a snocess some months ago. Harry I Jv«lly repaated hia olevev oharacter song of tha I Happy Old Man,' whioh was loudly encored, I *™ '» reapDnse he danoed an Irish jig, which I had also to bo repeated. The entertainments I concluded with the ' Ghost in-a Pawnshop,' | in which aome ne^ local allusions have been | introduced and were received with loud ap I Plauie. Some new songa will be introduced I mto tho programme this evening. : ; | p.'.' Ea!!ANI!' wl' be repeated by the Melbourne I imT'0 SMiety tUia evening, in the Duke I oIEhabargh Theatre. .*Ti? ? u?DQl1 Qor«oaltnral and Poultry Show | »« B nghtoa will taka place this afternoon, and I wm, no doabt, attract a large nnmber of I pleaiure seekers. . [ The Bwohton branch of the Independemt . O^aer of Becuabites oelebrated their fir.t an : ;'«r«fy by a soiree at the Orderly-room on ™w*y awning. Tho hoil. Ga'0_ Hi ; ncceast:,nrided- aDd th6 ^r Pr'oa highly The committee of the 'Immigrants' Aid Me»sra 0,iphant, Carson, Woolloy, E. Jack ,„„ ?a?ce' 'ho oocupici the chair. The ermtendent made the following return of air ' ' ' e of the Home :_Number of S iVT'?* la9t week- 337; admitted ihir.,'. g / ?y'faTe yettrg' uative of D^von « Si Sm- deat.U.Phthi8»); remaining in »n7,i3,3!l comprising I3i men. 80 women. 1 rTa mVnt £ ^h-*°, ar° 75 oader meAi^ 1 Cilies ,1 .r-reli6f ha8 be6n Riv6n *° 28 wk ZTBS ' todiviaaalB on present I »*u ,r b'100' plaoeB of worBhiP. ^-» «0&cShR9vAMrhFM;°,llmOnd,,COnKregfl- I l'USand»va«n? Fletcli« will continue P««h Hoi feRt rThB. RiJ- °°°W Tail I Scot, Chnrri, n ^- tlm3 ln Anstralia at the «»4 Bm M « U-IM Btreet' ia the corning, «ev. Mr MenZl68 will perform the evening I servicp. _ Mr Tail ii a on of the late Rev. John Tait, of Geoloug-, and has enly recently returned to the colony after an absence of four and a half years. He has studied tt tho Uni vertity of Edinborgh with great, eucceia, having boen one of the saccenafal competitors for the Cunningham scholarship, and is highly ?pokes of as a preacher. Rev. Wm. Taylor will preacu in the Wesley Church, morning and evening, in aid of the circuit funds. A Lectcbe on Milton, in aid of the Odd fellowa Hall fond, was delivered in the Town Hall, Flemington, on Thursday evening last, by the Rov. A. M. Henderson, to rather a poor an.iience ; and it is to be regretted that the OJdfellows themselves did not attend at all in proportion, a- they should have done. For the lecture itself, it ia needless to say moro than that it was in Mr Henderion'i best style, and adds'another to his long lift of triumphs as a lecturer. At the close a vote of thanks wa* unanimously accented to the lectnrer, na also to the chairman, the Rov. Mr Packley. 