WaLGrUT. There is perfect tranqmlity existing in this portion of the Gwydir constituency at the present data m respect to eleotinneering prospects,-it may be the calm which precede« the stoim-hut certes, such is the present stat« of affairs Mr Dangar is the onlv candidate who hu« announced his intention of coming forward op to the pre- sent period, several other names are current bnt surely the electors will not be asked to vote without either hear« ing or seeing such new aspirants to parliamentary fame. It ia told of Mr Cowper that when some one was praising a constituency for having returned a gentlemen to parlia- ment without having ever seen him"-be replied* Perhaps that was the reason ' The story seems to hav« a Qsxtain aptness here From general observation it may be fairly inferred that the Gwydir and Mr Dangar ard satisfied with each otbsr in their relative posi- tions of representative and represented there ia sura to ha a small clique of recalcitrant electors, but it will take acme trouble to block Tom Dangar, if ha plays his game right. The Oppositionists charge him with non attendance, and that by the majority of the electors seems to be considered long since no disgoalinoa tion so long as local improvements are effected, and Mr« Dan gar's exertions in this line will bear favourable in- vestigation Indeed, m this branoh of his Parliamentary duty, he has worked hard,-pounds post offices pollee stations, petty sessions, roads bridges commons and cemeteries with a whole host of smaller donations have been conferred aod secured to the electorate while under his regtmc If only one half bia labor of this kind ia enumerated faithfully on the hustings it will redeem many smaller faults Ko one can taunt bim with being inactive In fact his stannchest opponents admit hu seal in pushing tbe districts ahead and it remains to be proved baw such perseveren« will be valued Doubt- less there are those who will not overlook his continual abienee from the Legislature who feel themselves ignored in consequence, and the constituency degraded* bat these ara in the minority The dominant opinion noquestiouablj is that in exchanging a good working man for a voting one the substance wonld be dropped for the shadow For the Bogan there is "another Richmond in the field " Mr John Roche Ardill, a licensed surveyor. He gave the free and independents of Breewarina an intel- lectual treat on the 24th instant Mr Ardill may be termed a double-refined Liberal, and in his opinions gees the entire animal. His notions are of too Utopian a kind to find favour with the Boganites who are unani- mous in their expressions of confidence in their long tried and late member, Mr. Lord. Mr Borrow, who has so successfully managed Mr. Glen waller's extensive sqcatting properties in the War- rego district, for seme yeera past, retires from the management of them this week to embark in a squatting speculation m the Maneroo distnot upco bia own account* This gentleman has long been an ornament to the local bench and in leaving the district will bear with him the best wishes of this community A man named Bob Middleton, a shearer, was robbed of acheqnB of the value of £16 at Garrowen woolshed, thia week It was surreptitiously abstracted from Middle ton's swag A new hatchery is contemplated in thn township. Another fine fall of ram occurred on the 83rd instant. The grasa la springing very fast The Bogan mail coach waa stopped last week by a bailiff November 29,1869 The elections canse no stir here, 1 firmly believe if Parliament was totally abolished it wonld be jost the same. -Mr Hungerford hasn't got the ghost of a chance Dec 3 MUTTABY PRECAUTIONS AT THE EAST SYDNEY ELECTION.-So great were the appre- hensions entertained that the spirit of sectarian I animosity which has been evoked wonld be pro- ductive of a riot on the polling day, that instruc- tions were given to the military authorities to be prepared to assist in quelling it; and yesterday the detachment of the 14th Hegiment at Paddington barracks, and of the Artillery, at Dawes Battery, were kept the whole day under arm» and ready to turn out. Happily the good sense of the people prevailed; and beyond a little hooting and yelling, which may be deemed pardonable under the excitement of a hotly contested elec- tion, no violenoe was attempted, and the election passed off, all things considored, very peaceably, if not quietly.-Empire, Dec. 4. The new Mechanics Institute at Yass was opened with great ceremonial on St. Andrew's Say. The proceedings included addresses, and speeches, and a ooncert, and ball. MATHAND !-Printed »nil poblishad by AnxAsmrB Tim i sol» proprietor, »t Us Qcnsral Printing Ottos, wmtr of I *j High sad Hunt« strseti. 