TUE .BISHOP OF GRAFTON AND ARMIDALE. '(.From the Morning Advertiser.) YE*TEM>AY, according to previous nnnbunccmont, being tho inst Sunday which thu Ilisbon of Grafton nnd Armidnlo would spend in Englnnd previous to his departure for his distant diocese, farewell sermons wcro held at St. Lawrence Jewry, Gr.'shnm-streot. Thdcnratnunion table waB profusely covered with Howers nnd evergreens, round tho pulpit wasa wreath of green, and thc church was festooned with mottoes, crusses, &c;, Rte. " After morning prayer and the ante-communion ser- vice hud been Bung, thc Bishop, who wore, besides his episcopal robe«, his college hood, was escorted to tho pulpit by robed choristers. Tho pennon was prefaced with " In tho namo of tho Futher, nnd of thc Son, and of tho Holy Ghost," the prolate turning to the cast as ho spoke. Tho text was taken from the First Epistle of St. Peter, c. 4, v. 7, " But thu end of nil things is at hand : be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer." The preacher Bnid that tho days from tho Ascension to tho Feast of Whit«untido wcro called by tho ancient chut ch "expectant week," expressive of tho earnestness with which the apostles waited for tho descent of the Holy Ghost. Tho BUhnp then spoke of tho many ways in which the words, " Tho end of all things is nt hand," had boon ex- plained. By some it was said to lcfer to tho destruction of Jerusalem ; by others it lind boen enid to refer to man's death, which was thu end of all things to him so far as the wotld wns concerned ; but the more natural mid higher explanation was that of the coming nf Christ. Tho Hight Hov. prclnto then Bpoko of the other part of his text, "Bo yo sober," which in the original meant an action of the saul moro than tho body. "To bo sober " referred tn tho temper, tho character, and tho general behaviour; Men should bo steadily religious, living up to tho Christian standard, careful over thc lifo and tho lip-thoBO who will snerlllco for truth, and not Uko tho'c who were of tho world, and Who were content to attend, church once a week nnd to whom religious zeal WAS offensive. This sober mindedness was akin to charity, that charily which was of the highest character. Tho Bishop concluded _by speaking to the last clause, " Watch unto prayer." Tho bishop preached again In the evening. Tho Right Hov. Dr. Turner, recently consecrated Bishop of Grafton nnd Armidale, Now South Wales, will bo accompanied to his diocese by tho Rev. Frederick Fnrrer, M.A., rector of Hlgbury, Devon- shire, and tho Rev. F. II. Dnvis, M.A. ? His Lordship, Mrs, Turner, nnd tho Rev. F. Farrer, M.A., (the Bishop's cbnplnin), sailed in the ship Cormnls-nry, Cnptnin Wagstaff, which vessel sailed from London, for Sydney on tho 19th of May Inst ; lils Lordship may thcrcfoto be expected to nrrivo in Grafton about the middlo of next month. 