~¥GLTCETCCfUKI!-^GAWLBR7 ~~ , MOHUAti'-OCTOBEB 25. ; ..: fBefore Messrs; :---it.j'J. Turner, S.M., T. O. . .Tonaa ;J:P.. and J. N, Smith, J.P.I .'? Po^hah T. Jlbs&b.; — For libel, : Same v. Whalet. — Ditto. .-'....- ' This case was adjourned from the previous week. Mr. Bruce: for plaintiff ; Mt^ Brook for defendants. '; ? . - Before the case* was commenced, Mr. Brook quoted from Taunton's Repprts, p. 424, Cates v. Hardacre, to show that a witness might de cline to answer any question in the slightest degree tending to connect him with the case. He also quoted from Campbell's Reports, p. 210, ,_ Maloney.v. Bartley, to thesame effect. 1 Mr. Bruce applied that the witnesses in this case imght be ordered out of Court. He then ^called ?'? Stephen Gregory, who said — I am a printer, I suppose,' in the employ of Whaley, . Austin, and Op., printers ; they are also booksellers and publishers.'' I have been about eight months in their employ. I occasionally set up type; sot very of ten. I suppose I am a pressman. I am not always pressing. . : Mr. Brnce-r-No jjiiot just now. Mr. Brook— No:; but you are. Examination resumed— I have seen a docu ment like that (produced) .before. That is the second I have seen.- The Jrst I saw was at Mr. Turner's office ; Mr. Brook was also there, and Mr. Austin. It was in my own hand. Mr. Turner presented it to me. It was this mornLag. I do not know where it was printed, nor. any copy like it. When I have been awav from tk» office Mr. Whaley has acted as pressman. I have seen no other copy, except in the Register. I have never aeen any others but that and this and the one in Mr. Turner's office. I decline to say where I was this day fortnight. The Court ruled he must answer. I left Whaley, Austin, and Co. because they were not giving me enough money. They discharged me; I did not give them notice. I have' returned to their employ. 'I didnot leave them-on the Saturday. - Alex. Ferguson said — I live in Murray street. * I am a printer ; in no one's employ. I work for myself . I decline to say whether I have acted as pressman for Whaley, Austin, and Co.- I am a member of the firm of Whaley, Austin, it Co. We are printers and publishers. I cant Bay we are booksellers. I decline to say whether I ever saw a codv of the document before. 'Mr. Whaley acted, as pressman during the absence of Stephen ,Gregory ; I believe, on all occasions. I think I pulled off. some of . tb.« Times one Friday night. I decline to answer whether I ever acted as pressman before tha first hearing -of this. case. I decline to say when I first heard of the document produced. Mr. Bru?e said unless the Court would com pel the witness to.answer1 it was useless to con tinue his examination. Richard Lewis said — I decline to say if I had a document like that in my possession. Mr. Bruce asked if he i; knew a man named Semple, and, en his declining to reply, he ap pealed 'to His Worship as to his former ruling that such a' qnestaon must be answered. His Worship said he believed he was then in «rror. . Mr. Bruce then asked if he ever told any one hehad lost & paper, lilce that. The witness declined to answer. Semple might have ^iyen me some paper. X decline to answer whether I. ever received a copy of that ,-documeht from Semple, - or whether lever nad ,a copy of it in my possession. William H. Hopkins Baid— 1 decline to say whether I ever had a copy of the document produced. I decline to swear whether I know Mr. Woodman. . (Laughter.) 1 decline to say whether I. received a copy of the document from any one. I, decline to say why I decline to answer that question. (Laughter.) I saw a copy of the document at 'Whaley fc Austin^s. No, I beg pardon ; it. was at.the'gate of Mai tin and ? Louttit's foundiy yard. John Martin showed it me; it was in manuscript. ; - The witness answering rather unwillingly', . Air. Bruce said the witness need not fear. They had no desire to criminate him. ? jyfa*. Hopkins — Oh, .no, Fm not afraid. Mr. Bruce said the defendants seemed to have overawed all Gawler with a sense of their power, so that all the witnesses were afraid to answer anything. (Laughter.) -After a pause, the witness said it was in the handwriting of .. Mr. Frank Wilkinson (the C&rk; of Qie Court) (Loud laughter.) Mr. Brook— ^p I understand it is the sum* .mona you. refer to? ' jir. Hopkins— Yes. . (Renewed laughter.) Mr.. Bruce submitted that that was his case, and the defendants, should be committed to the Supreme Court. He -had been unable to. carry the evidence much-farther than it was. carried last week ; he relied;, chiefly on the evidence of Ty J.'.Monro, who said he took it out of A^w tin's -hand, in front of his place, in the presence of eight ; or nine persons. „ He asked him for one, and; he said he could not spare one — he wanted them for himself; He had a handful of them. Mr.; Brook objected— His learned friend waa quoting from the Bunyip report — Mr.. Baniet's report— which was' not borne out by the evi dence as taken down in the depositions. -'Mr,~.'Bruce then read from a copy of the, depo sitions, where .Monfo said he thought Mr. Austin, had only two in his hand, and did not give.it away ; and when Monro took it, he asked fpritbact. It was all very Well to say that Mr. ''Austin had -objected to. let. Monrp have item, because there were eight or nine persons present conversing about them. If Mr. Austin had been in earnest in his' virtuous desire to prevent the .circulation, he cpuld ' easily hav« prevented .Moiorp from taking it. He was evidently pubEcly exposing the libel at. hi« business premises.' 'Mr. Bruce then proceeded to refer to R. Semple 's evidence, when . Mr. Brook reminded the Court that Mr. Stow, having failed to connect that evidence, it was not admissible, and he understood His Worship had said be would strike it out. His Worship said he could not strike it out, but Mr. Stow had said something to the effect, that he had. not .connected it, and would not make use pf it. - ' . Mn Brook said under ordinary cases, if 'their Worships thought there was a printa fade case made out, he should be satisfied to reserve bis defence ;. but in. the present instance the counsel for the . prosecution was throwing dis credit «n one of his' Own witnesses— Monto — wl^o first swore that he did not receive' the paper from Mr. Austin, but afterwards said he snatched it from Mr. Austin. That course was a most extraordinary one for counsel to take — to ask: that defendants should be committed on a criminal charge on the evidence, pf a witness, , on which' he now attempted to throw discredit. He never saw, such a trumpery case brought -forward, and was it reasonable that the cbUntry fitiould be' put to more, time and' expense on such paltry grounds, ' and with Buch meagre evidence? ' . . : The Court ;«aid there could be no doubfc as to the -.libellous nature of the document, but the 'evidence against the defendants was hot -such as' any .Jury' could: convict upon. They must therefore dismiss the case. ? .jriie: following is from the Gwndfxgai Times: — 'We learn that a ghost has come to dwell amongst us. We cannot, as yet, indicate the spectre's residence, if it has one, but the culvert familiarly termed Bennett's Folly, on the sideling of Mount Parnassus, seems one of its: haunts, as we have' been informed that on- Sunday evening' Jasfc a -gentleman; resi- dent in our locality who was riding past this spot was there confronted by the supernatural visitant. . It. rose apparently from under the culvert, tall, ishadowy, and with a livid, phos. phoric.light)pla.yjjng about it, such as a bad fish hung in aidwkplace .exhibits. - As. Jh,e -shape approacned the: startled steed xeared, and the rider's hair ;gtood on .end; ; but the anpafition seemed to paiss tender tne norse, and disappeared witha faint hollow sound,like a distant dying gprian. We need not say the horseman made ?all- haste to quit the spot. But we 'may add that another parly avers that he has seen this spectre in the same place, that it passed him by like 7a flash of'firef' and that he thought his whiskers, were singed off by it. So far, this is satisfactory-^every place ought to be celebrated :for;somethingi:and a well-authenticated local ghost- would add something tp our r township's reputation,'' 