A beer-seller wrote over his door, 'Bear sold here.' Tom Hood, who saw it, said it was spelt right because the fluid he sold was his own ' bruin.' A Milliner's Maxim.-The following pretty maxim was found attached to a milliner's bill:-' Milliners' bills are thetax which the male have to pay for the beauty of the female.' A sleepy churchwarden who often played at cards, hearing the minister use the words, ' shuffle off thismortal coil,' started up, rub bed his eyes, and xclaimed, ' Hold on I it's my deal!' ' J hope 'to live to see the day,' said Lord Brougham, 'when every peasant in England can understand Newton.'-' Wouldn't it be better that they had 'a little bacon first I' in quired Cobbett. The following amusing bull was lately per petrated at Bristol. A magistrate asked a prisoner if he' were married. 'No,' replied the itan. ' Then,' rejoined his worship, amid peals of laughter, 'it's a good thing for your wife.' A Hampshire man, n ted for his calmness and a scolding wife, was one night stopped by a pretended ghost. ' I can't stop, my friend,' said he. ' If you are a man, I must request you to get out of the way, aind let me pass. If you are the devil, come along and take supper, for I married your sister 1' A beautiful lady having asked a plain elderly gentleman to dance with her, he, be lieving that she was in love with him, in a very Ipressing manner desired to know why she had selected him from the rest of the company. 'Because, sir, my husband com manded me to dance only with such a part ner as should not give him cause for jealousy.' JatP?nrIALITY.-An indolent youth being asked why he was so shamefully fond of his pillow, to the manifest injury of his reputa tion, teplied, 'I am engaged every morningin hearing counsel : Industry and Health advise me to rise-Sloth and Idleness to lie still; and they give their reasons at length, pro and con. It is my part to be strictly impartial, and to hear with patience what is said on both sides, and by the time the cause is fairly argued, dinner is generallyt:i 'the table.' YANKEE SIMILES.-As big as all out of doors. As dry as the clerk of a limekiln. As long as a thanksgiving sermon. As crooked as a Virgilnny fence. As straight as a looun's leg. As straight' as a shingle. As swelling as a basket of chips. As happy as a clain at high water. As tight as the bark of a tree. As crazy as a bed-bug. As mad as all wrath. As wrathy as a militia officer on a training day. As proud as a tame turkey. As melancholy as a Quaker meeting-house by moonlight. As useless as whistling psalms to a dead horse. Like all nature. Like all fury. Like all possessed. Thrashing round, like a short-tailed bull in fly time. Head and tail up, like chicken cocks in laying time. It is said that the leader of Her Majesty's Opposition made a very neat repartee the other night. A nobleman coming out of the House of Lords met Mr. Disraeli, and said, " How very dull you fellows are in the House of Commons! You must find it awfully slow.'-' Why, yes,' replied Mr. Disraeli, mildly, ' I was really thinking, only the other day, that one might almost as well be a Peer.' Sir James Graham's father was full of anecdotes of that sociable divine, Archdeacon Paley, and loved to tell how some one, prais ing the cnjugal peace enjoyed by a gentle tman in the neighbourhood, who had not had even an argument with his wife for more than thirty years, appealed to Paley whether it were not admirable as a domestic example. 'No doubt,' said the doctor, 'it was verra praiseworthy, but it must have been verra dooL.'-Torren's Life of Sir James Gralham. SAn officer in the French army, dying, left a widow, who bad some difficulty in getting her' clahis to a pension acknowledged. Her lawyer, annoyed by her pertinacity in apply in, for the pension, one lay said to her 'Why do you not apply to the king I He will grant your pension ; it is a mere song.' The wid,ow presented herself before .the king, and showed her claims. VWhile he was con sider'ing them, she was hummoing to herself. ' Why do yout make that noise I' he inquireds Sire,' said the widow, 'they told me the pension was a mere sung; I was trying to learn the atir !' The king, pleased with her wit, granted her request. An old gentleman who was always boasting how folks used to work in his young days, one day challenged his two sons to pitch on a load of hay as fist as lie could load it. The challenge was accepted, the hay waggon driven round, aind the trial commelnced. For some ,timle the old tian, held his own very credit ably, calling. out: ' More hay ! more hay!' At length, struggling to keep on the top of tihe dikrdered and ill-arranged heap, it began first td nrll, Ithn t t slide, anid at last off it wient fromi the wtairo,v and the old man with it. ' What are you doing down here 1' cried the boys.:?'. I Ecut ledwt after hby,' IAtWOsur the old wan, stuutlj, 