Miscellaneous Extracts HOW TO ECONOMISE LABOUR. — A French engineer, M. H. Cazal, has invented a little electric motor for the sewing machine. A pile stuck in a corner, or concealed in a footstool, supplies the motive force re- quired. Four Bunsen's elements, for instance, suffice to put the motor in action. Now each one of these con- sumes about the fifth of a pennyworth of zinc per hour. —All the Year Round. A WAR BALLOON ON THE MARCH.—Tha car with the guy-ropes coiled away in it, was placed on a wagon, which carried also an awning to cover the balloon at night, grapnels wherewith to anchor it, tools, spare ropes, and so forth. The balloon floated over the line of march at a sufficient height to permit of the passage of cavalry and artillery along the road beneath it; it was guided and stayed by twenty ballooners, who marched in Indian file on either side of the road, each man having a running tackle made fast to the balloon, of which the end was coiled round his waist. This balloon-guiding was no child's play. Not only had the men to contend with the ascensional power of the machine—which, as beforesaid, was considerable—but also, and in a far greater degree, with the wind; to which the balloon presented a surface of some thirty feet in diameter. Again, without great vigilance and much judicious handling of the running gear, puffs of wind would carry the balloon against passing objects, or beat it down and bump it along the ground, to the serious detriment of its gas-retaining properties.—Dickens's "All the Year Round." A FIDDLER'S FAMINE AND FANCY.—Berlioz, the French composer, lived in poverty and privation all his younger days. He wrote, " I lived in a garret in the Pays Latin. I had reduced my daily allowance for food to eight sous (4d.), and my sole repast consisted of a handful of figs, or raisins, or dates, with a good stout hunch of bread. This was consumed at about five o'clock in the day, and then I used to stroll to the Pont Neuf, to behold the sun set in his glory, and taking a volume of Moore's poems out of my pocket, revel in the magni- ficent imagery—revel in the idea that both mind and body had been fed with the produce of Oriental lands." He was then a chorus singer and violinist at the theatre. He got something to drink given to him. When he emerged from physical misery he married an English actress, who stormed Paris in the rôle of Jane Shore. The marriage was not a happy one, and for years before her death the once beautiful Miss Smithson, rosy and bright as a sunbeam, might be seen, with pallid face and shaven head, looking out mournfully from one of the windows of a lunatic establishment at Montmartre. Here she lived entirely in the past, repeating over her different rôles, and playing them to suppositious audi- ences, receiving imaginary applause, but experiencing real emotion, under which she gradually sank. ROYAL PEERS.—At a little interval from the table are three or four rows of benches, to which the eyes of peers are frequently turned. The first cross bench is by prescription occupied by princes of the blood-royal. The Prince of Wales is an habitual attendant upon the Parliamentary debates, and on terms of intimacy with most of the leading politicians of the Upper House. He listens with manifest delight to the speeches, and enjoys a " bon mot" or a witty retort as much as any one. It need hardly be said that the presence of the heir-apparent exercises some influence upon the debate, and that every peer tries his best not to be dull when he has the prince for an auditor. The Duke of Edin- burgh shares his brother's fondness for Parliamentary debate. One of the first places he visited on his return from Australia, after the dastardly attempt to assassinate him, was the House of Lords. The Duke of Cambridge attends the sittings of the House still more frequently than the Prince of Wales. Whenever explanations are required on army administration the Commander-in-chief either rises in his place and makes a statement in an off- hand, fluent, genial manner, or drops upon the Ministerial bench as he comes down the House to exchange views with the Secretary or Under-Secretary of War who will have to give the necessary explanation.—Cassell's Magazine. A CHINAMAN'S BOOK DEBTS.—A Chinese, named Ah Sam, ivho kept the Lord Nelson Restaurant, in Victoria, Vancouver Island, became bankrupt, and was ordered to file a schedule of his assets. Not know- ing the names of his customers, he had entered short descriptions of them in his ledger, and when he entered court he had nothing more than the following to show, It was given me by his solicitor as a legal curiosity. A butcher owes 18 dols. ; captain of a schooner, 50 dols. ; cook in a ship-galley, 8 dols. ; red-shirt man, 27 dols.; man comes late (a printer ?) 10 dols.; cap man, 8 dols. 50c. ; lean man, white man, 20 dols.; fat French- man, 30 dols. 62½c. ; captain, tall man, 20 dols.; French old man, 8 dols. ; whiskers man, 18 dols. 37½, ; black- smith, 49 dols.; barkeeper, 5 dols.; workman, 5 dols. ; whiskers man's friend, 6 dols. 25c.; double blanket man, 6 dols. 50c. ; little short man, 10 dols. ; double blanket man's friend, 15 dols.; lame leg man, 40 dols.; fat man, 9 dols. 25c.; old man, 8 dols.; red whiskers, 7 dols. 50c.; steamboat man, 18 dols. ; Indian Ya, 4 dols. 62½c. ; Dick make coal shoveller, 28 dols. ; Yea Yap earrings, 25 dols.; flower pantaloon man, 16 dols.; shoemaker gone to California, 15 dols. 62½c.; a man—butcher's friend, 39 dols. ; stable man 16 dols.; get tight (drunk) man, 7 dols. The last entry the commissioner decided was of much too general a character to allow of the slightest hope of fixing the debt upon anyone in par- ticular.—Dickens's "All the Year Round." BEAUTY AT BILLIARDS. - Disturbed by his wife's state of health, M. Hoguet, the Parisian banker, had recourso to Dr. Lambert, the eminent French physi- cian, into whose ear the husband poured a doleful tale of the lady's ailments—her lassitude and want of appe- tite, her dejection and disinclination to take any kind of exercise, her distaste for society, and disregard of the luxuries which his wealth and affection had lavished upon her. When the physician had heard the whole of the miserable story, and had ascertained that of all the external conditions requisite for happiness Madame Hoguet lacked only a billiard-table, the physician said, " Listen, and we will endeavour to effect a cure. I shall prescribe but one remedy. Go at once and have your best apartment furnished with a billiard-table. Induce Madame to play, and she will soon become at- tached to the game. Appetite will soon follow exercise, which will also secure digestion. Then nervousness and depression will be removed; Madame will recover her wonted spirits, and Monsieur will again possess in happiness the lady who is known as an ornament to society and a treasure to the domestic circle." The pre- scription was acted upon, and three months after the day on which it was given the physician received good tidings of his patient, and a well-earned though munificent fee. " Cher Docteur," wrote the grateful lady, " thanks for your prescription ; my obligations to you are lasting. My health is restored; my spirits better than ever. Ac- cept the enclosed souvenir from your grateful Eugénie Hoguet." The enclosed offering was a cheque for ten thousand francs—perhaps the highest fee ever given to a physician for a single message of unwritten advice. Though no such instance of reasonable thankfulness and lavish remuneration to the faculty has ever occurred in our personal experience, we could point to several ladies to whose ailments a billiard-table was prescribed with the same beneficial result.—Roberts on Billiards. PLEASURES OF PANTHER SPEARING.—A large female panther, which had been caught in the jungles near Monidapore, was brought into cantonment of the 18th Hussars, at the Deccan, in February, and notice given that it would be let loose to hunt on the plain near the Artillery Butts the next morning. Accordingly, from an early hour, horsemen with and without spears put in an appearance, mounted on horses of all sorts. All being ready, the trap-door was lifted, when the brute bounded forth. Giving her some 50 yards' start, the word to "ride" was heard, and after some in- effectual attempts at spearing her, the panther crouched, and Major Arbuthnott charged; his horse, however, stopped short, and turned sharp off, when in one bound the brute sprang on him; scrambling up by his legs she reached his shoulder, and, with a crash, man and panther fell to the ground. Four of the party then charged at the rolling bodies, all anxious to distract the brute's attention, and after receiving two or three prods it left the major, who, half-stunned and blinded by the blood which poured from a wound on his face, continued to stagger up; the panther perceiving her advantage again attacked him, when he caught the brute on the point of his spear as she sprang, but the bamboo snapped, and the panther again seized him. Every horse refused to approach; so a gallant native, who was carrying a spare spear, rushed in and struck it into the beast's body, and an officer also jumped off and plunged his spear well home. The panther left his victim and sprang, but was turned off by two others of the party, who broke their spears in the brute's body. Some one then remarked, " Don't spoil the skin," on which the spears were with- drawn ; and as the last was being pulled out the panther, with an expiring effort, leaped up, but was speedily pinned down, and rolled over dead. Major Arbuthnott luckily received only one severe bite in the forearm and several scratches, although his clothes were literally torn to ribbons, and his nose was broken by the fall; he was however, able to ride into Bowenpilly, where his wounds were dressed, and then he proceeded back to canton- ment. He is now progressing favourably.—The Home- ward Mail. THE MAN OF STEADY PURPOSE.—Sir John A. Macdonald declared not long since, during a general conversation with some friends, that he owed all his political success to the fact that he always kept the im- mediate object of his ambition steadily and constantly in view—never allowing any other consideration to divert him, even temporarily, from his purpose, and that he had accomplished every object with which he had entered public life, with one exception, and that he would attain the remaining one if he should live till 1873. He did not say what that object was; but when we reflect that the pre- sent Governor-General's appointment is only for three years, it must be apparent that Sir John is aiming to secure the Governor-Generalship of the dominion. It is the political prize that remains for him to win. We may remark that Sir John Young refused the Governor Generalship of Canada when it was first tendered to him, and that it was only at the earnest solicitation of the British Government that he was induced to accept it for the short term of three years. He has an annual income of £60,000, while Lady Young's is £40,000 ; hence, the £10,00 [sic] salary is not a matter of much im- portance to the present Governor-General.—Canadian News. THE THREE KINGS.—They were among the first disciples of the apostle St. Thomas when he visited India to preach Christianity, and after their death their bodies were removed to Constantinople. From Con- stantinople they were taken to Milan, where they remained for some time beneath the choir of the chapel of St. Martin, where the enormous sarcophagus which contained them is still shown. "When the Emperor Frederick Barbarossa blotted out Milan in 1162, an attempt was made to remove them, but they fell into the victor's hands. At that time Archbishop Reinalde Cologne, was in Italy, and the three kings, with the body of St. Apollinaris as well, were presented to him. As he was returning with his treasures, the boat contain- ing them stopped over against Remagen, and could be got no further. Thinking this a sign from heaven, the archbishop tried to find out which of his saints he must leave behind. On touching the shrine of St. Apollinaris, all the bells in the neighbouring church of St. Martin began ringing, and the saint was accordingly landed, and had honourable reception prepared for him at Apol- linarisberg, where his head is still preserved. The three kings journeyed quietly to Cologne ; but they have had some narrow escapes since then. Turenne's soldiers played at bowls with their skulls, and in the French Revolution they had to be carried, shrine and all, for safety, to Arnsberg, in Westphalia. It was rather an expensive journey, and changed a good many of the jewels into paste; but if you can believe the sacristan at Cologne, the shrine is still worth something like a quarter of a million pounds sterling; and for a few shillings you may see the three skulls, with their names inscribed in rubies, and with crowns, now no longer, as in days gone by, of gold, but of silver gilt.—From " On Relics Ecclesiastical," in the Cornhill Magazine. A SINGULAR MAN.—A large fortune fell to Lord Bute from the will of Mr. Edward Wortley Montagu, his wife's father, who diverted it from his only son, whose extraordinary conduct had alienated both his parents. This most eccentric man had from a boy run away from his tutors, or from the school where he was placed. He disappeared from Westminster School, and could not be discovered for more than a year, when he was accidentally found crying fish at Blackwall, where he had apprenticed himself to a fisherman. A second time he absconded, and could not be traced for two or three years, when he was recognised as a muleteer who had brought down fruit from the interior of Portugal to an English vessel at Oporto. A third time he went off, and entered himself as a foremastman in a vessel bound for the Mediterranean. After this he was sent with a learned tutor to the West Indies, and on his return became a member of Parliament; but his extravagancies soon drove him from England, and in Paris he got into very dubious matters with Lord Southwell and a Mr. Taafe, for which he was thrown into prison, at the suit of a Spanish Jew of the name of Payba. After the death of his father, having a certain amount of income, he lived chiefly in the East, dressing like a Turk, and affecting to believe entirely in the Koran ; or in Italy, where he maintained the same character. He advertised for a wife already enciente, that if she had a son he might inherit a large property, left conditionally by his father ; and a candidate for such a wifeship being found, the marriage was only prevented by his choking himself with a partridge bone and dying. His mother, Lady Mary, left him one guinea, which on receiving he gave away laughing to a Mr. Davison, who was his companion in his eastern travels. This Mr. Montagu was the first child on whom his mother tried the effect of inoculation. Did she inoculate him with all this passion for eastern life and vagabondism from the blood of some Turk, having his descent from Arabian and Ishmaelitish stock ? Diseases are said to be fre- quently inoculated, and even insanity ; why not idiosyn- crasies to ? It is to the honour of Lord Bute that he gave up to this strange brother-in- law, voluntarily, a handsome quota of the property thus left away from him by his father for his follies. We are glad to think of Caen Wood as the place where so honourable a thing was done, and to find Lord Bute in private life showing qualities so unexpected from his public and political reputation.—The Northern Heights of London. By William Howitt, THE CAPUCHIN'S SERMON AT THE CATHEDRAL OF ST. STEPHEN, AT VIENNA.—A Capuchin, preaching a Lent lecture at the great Cathedral of St. Stephen, at Vienna, is said to have startled his audience by a fearful narration, somewhat to the following effect :—" There was once a huge and wealthy monastery in this duchy. Its vineyards produced rich and well-flavoured wine. Its barns were filled with all manner of store. Fat beeves chewed the cud in its meadows. Carp by thousands were leaping in its fish ponds. The neigh- bouring trout-stream was the pride of the monks and the envy of every other religious house in Germany. Well ! the reverend fathers ate, drank, and were merry. They never kept a Lenten fast. They were utterly unconscious of the pangs of hunger, or the humiliations of penury, so they never fed the famishing or clothed the naked. They had more wine than they required for the mass, and not enough to turn their mills with, so they caroused from night to morning, and from morning to night. One solemn day, a day of penitence and prayer according to the rules of their order, they were indulging in wild uproar and revelry. The refectory echoed with snatches of licentious song, and laughter following some double-edged jibs. Suddenly a loud knocking was heard at the outer door, knock, knock, knock. The janitor went to open it, and was startled by the apparition of a thin, tall man—his skull bones scarcely covered with the parchment-skin stretched over them. He was attired in the frock of the order, but the shape was antiquated, the material scarcely to be recognised; it was, moreover, threadbare and moth- eaten. He asked in hollow and sepulchral tones for admit- tance. The janitor was alarmed, and shutting the gate on the stranger, went to seek instructions from the superior. 'There stands at the gate an odd, queer man, who asks for admittance. He wears the frock of our order, but' —'No buts,' said tho Abbot ; 'let him in. We must show hospitality to the brethren; place him a chair by my side, fill him a goblet of wine, and fetch forthwith knife, platter, and pasty.' The strange monk was introduced;; he bowed; he took his seat ; but his head was covered with his cowl, and he ate not a morsel, he drank not a drop. In a few minutes, more knocks were heard at the gate; knock, knock, knock ! Again the janitor approached, trembling and faltered forth, ' Oh sir, there are hundreds and hundreds of these thin monks before the gate, demanding admit- tance!' ' Let them all in ! We've wine enough to last till the millennium ! ' So in they came, crowding the refectory. The hall was crammed; the vestibule, the steps of the pulpit, where the reader edified the brethren while they dined ; the pulpit itself, and many stood on the bookboard half poised in the air. Then there arose a distant sound as of crackling, crackling, crackling ; a deadly odour as of flesh-burning, mingled with sulphurous steam. The living monks were filled with consternation. Their knees smote together, and their tongues clave to the roofs of their mouths, for they felt that they were in the presence of the dead. Then uprose the first ghost that had appeared, and said, 'Brethren, I was once the abbot of this ancient and venerable house. I ate, I drank, I caroused, I never worshipped. In my heart I neither feared God nor regarded man ; and now I am tormented in the flames. These were my companions ; they led a similar life of gluttony and lust; and they are in like manner tormented. But we must glorify the Lord even in the fire! So sing brethren, Gloria Patri, et Filio, et Spiritui Sancto.' The spectres hissed out an awful Gregorian tone, concluding with Amen. A loud clap of thunder accompanied the strain, and when it was finished the strange guests had disappeared—the refectory contained only the living monks. They re- pented; they did works meet for repentance. They sold their cellar of wine, and rebuilt their church with great magnificence. They founded an hospital. They fed the poor. They nursed the plague-stricken in the year of the great pestilence. They died in the odour of sanctity, and let us hope that they will find mercy in that day,"—Curiosities of the Pulpit, and Pulpit Literature. PHILOSOPHY PUT TO PROOF.—Faraday and Sir Charles Lyell were sent as Government Commissioners to watch the inquest upon those who died in the Haswell Colliery in 1844. Faraday cross-examined the witnesses very pertinently. Among other questions he asked how the rate of flow of air currents was measured. An inspector in reply took a pinch of gunpowder from a box, as if it were snuff, and let it fall through the flame of a candle. His companion, with a watch, noted the time smoke took to travel a certain distance. The method satisfied Faraday, but he remarked on the care- less handling of the powder, and he asked, where was it kept ? In a tightly-tied bag," was tho reply. " Yes, but where do you keep the bag ?" " You are sitting on it," quoth the callous miner. Faraday's agility in vacating his cushioned seat may be imagined, so may his expostulations, which, we are mildly informed, were animated and expressive. POETICAL JUSTICE.—Canonbury Tower, or House, Islington, the chief part of which still remains, was possessed in the 16th century by Sir John Spencer, who was Lord Mayor of London in 1594, and was re- puted to be the richest commoner of his time ; his town residence was Crosby-hall. The greatness of Sir John drew upon him dangerous eyes, and a plot was laid by a Dunkirk pirate to waylay and kidnap him in the hope of a ransom, which would not have been less than £50,000. Sir John escaped by accidentally remaining in London all the selected night, and the pirate and his men had to fly and embark for Dunkirk in the morning. But a more successful pirate turned up in the lover of Sir John's daughter, who stole her away in a baker's basket. Sir John resolved to disinherit her in consequence, and on Queen Elizabeth asking him to stand sponsor along with herself to the first child of a young couple who had been abandoned by their father, he resolved to make this child his heir, but to his astonishment discovered that it was his own grandchild whom he had adopted. This is one of the best anecdotes extant of "good Queen Bess." A RUN FOR WATCH DOGS.—" I saw a capital dodge for tying up a watch-dog on the premises of an English engineer engaged on the railway, which had lately been robbed. Instead of tying the dog with the usual length of chain to his kennel, a piece of ordinary telegraph wire was stretched across the yard for about 100 feet in length, and about 3 feet or 4 feet from the ground; at the end of the chain was a ring of about 3 in. diameter, and through this ring the wire passed. The dog had therefore the run of the whole length of wire—the ring of course travelling easily along the wire, which could be attached at one end to the kennel; the other end made fast anywhere, clear of an obstacle. Instead of being limited to the usual 6 feet of chain, as in tho case of most watch dogs tied up from week's end to week's end, he can have a good scamper up and down. The further end of the wire, can be shifted at night to guard or cover the front or back of a house, a gate, door, or window. The fact, too, of seeing a dog rushing to- wards him for such a length as 100 feet, would terrify an evil doer, who would not be likely to dream the dog was fastened at all."—Field. CHERISHING A VIPER.-The Gaulois tells a capital story of what hol'ell Antony Thourot, who waa . exiled in Belgium after the coup d'ilat. " Ono gloomy JfC November morning, whilst pacing the pior at Ostend, Thouret fell in with a nico-looking young man, very thinly clad, and who scented half-starved. Ho got into conversation with him, took his word for granted that ho too was a French exile, just arrived by the London boat without a penny in his pocket. Antony Thourot was a maniac in politics, but personally was a burly, good-humourod, large-hearted, Rabelaisian sort of fellow. He took pity on tho poor dovil, took a room for him at his hotol, and got up a little subscription amongst tha refugees to enable him to live. In exchange for thia . kindness tho protege acted as secretary for the littlo band of refugeeo. Presently ho sickened and died. Thouret had him buried, and wont tho length of making a speech aver his grave On going back to tho hotel tho very small valise of tho dead man was brought into his room. Thouret opened it to sco if tho decoased had any friends to be communicated with, and then dis covered proof that ho was a mouchard specially dele gated to watch him." 