SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIA- TION. The meetings of this Association were continued on Wednesday morning, October 20, when the proceedings were initiated by-a prayer meeting largely attended in the schoolroom. The Rev. H. J. Lambert presided, and prayer was offered by the Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, Messrs. T. Barnes, of Magill, and W. Barker, of Mount Barker, Rev. J. Lyall, President of the Evan- gelical Alliance, the. Rev. E. P. Kingdon, lately arrived from England and formerly a missionary in China, and theUhaii hairman. The CHAIRMAN for the past year (Mr. Lambert) then commenced the formal business by vacating the chair, and introducing the Rev. J. L. Parsons as his successor, remarking that his position had been a very happy and honourable one. The Committee by their devoted labours and loving sympathy had made it light work, and in intro- ducing his successor he was sure he would receive at their hands the same support and earnest co-operation. The CHAIRMAN Elect then delivered the follow ing address:— "Fathers and Brethren— I occupy this chair to-day because I-have been invited to do so by the Executive of the Association. I do not think the best possible choice has been made; but I have accepted the position, and shall not therefore indulge in self-laudation under the mask of professions of unfitness. So, with the brief preface that I trust our meetings this year may be devout in tone, practical in character, and stimulating in their effects. I shall at once proceed with my address, the subject of which is-"Some of the minor hindrances to the progress of Chris- tianity." I have chosen the minor rather than the major hindrances from the conviction that, being more numerous, frequently overlooked, and generally regarded as insignificant, they are really the more important. Idolatry, Atheism, Popery, Superstition, Rationalism, Unbelief, Hypocrisy, are not easily missed as obstacles to the progress of the Gospel, and they are often made themes for earnest counsel-and warning.- But the lesser hin- drances, though a great army, are disregarded and unmentioned. 1 quietly assume that the Gosspel can be hindered. I shall not even skirmish in the old theologic battle-ground, where the champions of Divine sovereignty and of Human Free-Will have waged their bitter warfare. The Apostle Paul's authority justifies the assumption. He gave up privileges and endured the loss of all things "lest he should hinder the Gospel of Christ.'' If he could hinder the Gospel, it can be hindered by us. If he denied himself lawful rights and made sacrifices to avoid hindering the Gospel, we should do the same. We are exposed to the same danger and are bound by the same obligation. As a matter of fact the Gospel is hindered by us all. We look upon the effects of our consistency, prayers, and efforts, and say, "We have helped the Gospel." If we could estimate the effects of our inconsistencies, unbelief, and indolence we should say, "We have hindered the Gospel" — the difference between what we might be and might have done, and what we are and have accomplished, being the extent to which we have impeded the work of sanctification in our own souls and the kingdom of Christ in the world. Some of these hindrances are placed in the way of the Gospel by its ministers. For the sake of disarming criticism, as well as for convenience of arrangement, I shall begin with them. The Sepa- rateness, the distinction of order, which ministers often assume and maintain belongs to this class. Let no one for a moment suppose that I am a Plymouthist. I recognise, and, at fitting times, magnify mine office as of divine appointment and an integral part of the Christian system. The separateness to which I refer is a whisper of priestliness—-a faint echo of apostolic successionism, an attempt to keep up, as vital, the distinction between the clericus and the laicus. Of course the nature of the minister's duties invests him with reverence, and should secure him respect. He is to be esteemed very highly in love for his work's sake. But there can be no doubt he loses influence just in the proportion that he removes himself from the sphere of common life. If he hedge himself about with reserve, his experiences are supposed to be exceptional. If he claim or affect to be distinct from or superior to other Christians on account of his office, he is thought to revolve in an orbit of his own. He becomes, in fact, an official. He is a functionary who prays, preaches, administers ordinances, buries, and marries; but he is not felt to be a brother exposed to the same temptations and sorrows as the humblest of his hearers. A certain degree of isolation is forced upon ministers. There are many Protestants who regard their minister very much as the Papist regards his priest and pastor as well as presbyter may be but old priest writ large. There are over-reverential people who will persist in losing sight of the man in the office. But often ministers cultivate a distinctive superiority as a safeguard and a source of autho- rity. A good brother belonging to another deno- mination, for whom I was once going to preach, urged me to wear his gown, giving as his reason, "You know we can't afford to despise these things. This is a levelling age, and they keep up our posi- tion." I told him at the time I thought it was a mistake. I think it a mistake now. Our office is spiritual, our work is spiritual, our authority is spiritual. We are not priests in any other sense than that in which all believers are priests. We claim no sacramental authority. We have not even the figment of ordination at the hands of a man who thinks he has by direct transmission from the Apostles some occult authority for saying, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands." That is an imposition in quite another sense. Overseers, bishops (Episkopoi), are made not by man, but by the jBoly Ghost (Acts xx. 28). They are not nomi nated by another bishop, but are elected by the Church, which recognises the presence and work- ing of the Holy Ghost in them. Even the Apostles did not ordain (in the sense of appoint by virtue of authority) the elders. Cheirotonco, the word used in Acts xiv. 23, literally means to "hold out the hand," and proves that the election was by suffrage. The electing body is clearly the Church, and the Churches are to determine who are to be their elders or bishops. And the more believers are convinced that we are not above them but of them, the more will they trust our teaching and reverence us. And if we cannot win their confidence and maintain our position without clothing and millinery, without gowns and bands, aprons and cassocks, and other ecclesiastical fripperies and fopperies, the sooner we are consigned to the lumber-room of worn-out things the better. (Applause.) Our true foundation is not the superstitious, but the intelligent affection of the people. Our usefulness depends upon our being trusted, upon our having the sympathies of those to whom we minister. And every badge we wear, every mannerism we adopt, every exception we make or take, separates us from our fellow-men, lessens our influence, and so hinders the Gospel of Christ. Jealousy of each other is another hindrance placed in the way of the Gospel by its ministers. Pitiable but most deplorable instances of this abound even among those who belong to the same denomina- tion, hold the same opinions, and preach the same doctrines. The success of Christianity is lost sight of in the interests of a particular Church. The salvation of souls is made a secondary matter to insisting upon some real or fancied right or com- plaining of some miserable personal slight. More successful labourers are systematically depreciated, and their modes of action, however efficient, are condemned. Indeed, it is rather wonderful to hear some of the ingenious ways in which the success of the successful is accounted for by some of the unsuccessful. There is nothing in their preaching, that is more clap-trap or milk and water. Their zeal, is fanaticism run mad. Their promptitude and determination, are rashness and self-sufficiency. And their usefulness is ascribed to anything but to love of souls and fitness for and consecration to their work. The result of this unmanly detraction is most disastrous. The great army o£ the Cross, instead of marching on in resistless unity, led by officers animated by one common spirit, is split up into little rival com- panies of Ishmaelites, whose hands are against every man's, and every man's hand is against them. Our order is charged—-and I think with justice—-with most of the divisions that have rent the body of Christ. Nearly all the great schisms have originated in petty personal piques between party leaders. Charitable, large-hearted judgment of the brethren has never been a common minis- terial virtue. And it is vain to hope for a united Church till we have a united ministry—-till ministers practise tosvards each other that "love which envieth not, which thinketh no evil, and which doth not behave itself unseemly." The Want of the Accent of Conviction in Preaching is another hindrance. This may proceed from either of two causes. Ministers sometimes do not believe what they preach—-sometimes formality makes them perfunctory. Now if there be not faith there should not be preaching. The Scripture rule is, "We believe, and therefore speak." But the accent of conviction is often wanting where faith exists. Through incessant talking, divorced from careful cultivation of the spiritual life, ministers become mere sermon-machines and praying-wheels. The same subject is discussed so often that the utterance and the words are both stereotyped. The tones are unconvincing, the emphasis is artificial, the emotion is forged. The result is that "Oh dear, dear, look," of utter want of interest of which Dean Alford speaks as dis- tressingly obvious in so many congregations. For hearers know when the preacher is insincere and unearnest. His words then are only word?. The tympanum receives certain sounds, but the soul neither thrills nor stirs. There may be thunder, but there is r.o lightning; there may be light, but there is no heat; there may be thought, but there is no emotion When this accent of conviction is lost great alterations should be made in modes of preparation and delivery to recover it. For it is better to make the soul feel the truth than to delight the fancy with word-pictures, delicately turned tropes, and dainty poetry, or to gratify the intellect with freshness of style acd cogency of argument. These need not be unreal, but if they are, rough sentences-fresh from the heart, and eloquent with conviction-are far more effective. Few indeed of the preachers who have won souls have been either masters of composition or bril liant orators. Whitefield nada magnificent voice, but his sermons ° ere most commonplace-at any rate, those published are. Yet, when with pas sionate earnestness he described the sinner as a blind traveller on the edge of a precipice, with but a step between him and destruction, even the icy Chesterfield forgot his adamantine maxims, ana cried out, * For God's sake, save him, Whitefield.' Jonathan Edv.ardc, though a profound logician, was utterly destitute of oratorical accomplishments. He read his sermons, holding the manuscript close to his eyes, and used scarcely any action. Yet, when he delivered that sermon on the text * Their feet shall slide in due time,' so vehement was his realization of the peril of the wicked that, as he p eached, the people crowded into the aisles, and in agony of fear clung to the pillars of the chapel, lest they should slip into perdition. It is this accent of conviction which produces conversion. It is God inspired, and it is God-honoured. Bhetoric, brilliant declamation, imagery may dazzle, may win applause; but the difference between reality I &nd; acting is soon discovered.- A preacher rings himself on the hearts of lire. hBittis rq a coin is *ungnpena<»unter." lf lie l^ genuine, the mote; "6 ib nmj! die more is his genuineness mode" apparent;but if he be counterfeit the higher his ihgbts the sooner and the surer is he detected. -My brethren, if our spiritual life be depressed let ? as ciy for the -revivifying influencescf the Holy opujt If we have lost the keen realization of the trhth, let us by prayer get it as a gift from God, and«pgak it out with ringing clearness in the ears ofmen-Itis the want of, Ahis that -eyplfLina empty pews, yawning congregations, lukewarm can-^the. absence :of conversions^ I turn" now to the .Church. Here hindrances abound, and the difficulty is to select the; most obstructive. There cau be no doubt, however, that Gossip is one. The love of a little private information, even of dear .friends, is a human infirmity. It iB un happily a common Church characteristic. The eagerness -with which personal tittle-tattle is pounced upon, treasured up, and repeated is as remarkable as it is mischievous. For gossip feeds only on 'garbage* '-and circulates only what is damaging. Its customary prefaces are - 'Can you tell me if it is true?' or. 'By the way, have you heard*' And then follows the painful domestic secret, .the distressing social scandal,^ or the sad Church inconsistency, which in half an hour is repeated, and that night is the property aud talk of a dozen -households. Gossip is a serious hindrance to the Progress of the GospeL Ministers' reputations are tattled away. JKIders and deacons are whispered °J*t of their usefulness. Churches are torn in pieces by. the wagging «f that little member which nothing but the grace of God can tame. Very often no evil is intended: there is no desire to do mischief; nor to be unkind-it is mere love of listening to other people's matters and retelling them. Xt is said that whenever Hannah More was told anything derogatory of another her invariable reply was, 'Come, we will go and ask if that be true? The effect was sometimes ludicrously painful. The tale-bearer was taken aback, stam mered out a qualification, or begged that no notice ought be taken of the statement. Bat the good lady was inexorable-off she took the scandal monger to the scandalized to make enquiry and to compare accounts. (Laughter.) How much mischief similar conduct would present here where we know just too much and too little of one another! How many a busy body's occupation would be lost.' How many a wound the Christian conscience would be spared! How many a schism the Church would escape! Closely allied with gossip, only worse in nature, though not worse in its effects, is Cen sonousness. The love of finding fault is universal. a few pride themselves upon being able to pick plans, systems, and reputations to pieces, ine fault-finder has obtained access to every Church. He disturbs the meetings; he seems discontent; he is always ready with an objection, put, as all human propositions and work are imperfect, it is very easy to discover faults in them. And to have a needle-eye for detecting mistakes and failings is neither a fijace nor a gift of the Spirit. The office of charity is not to strip the poor fault of every ngleaf of excuse and make it run naked; it is to cover it up and wrap it warm in the mantle of love. Moricuta sign of conscientiousness to nibble at and take exception to every project that is pro posed, and to censure everything that has been done. There are some who, because they cannot have perfection, are pleased with nothing. They I make the best the enemy of the good. They I would try to pick a hole in perfection itself. They | are the plagues of our Churches. One of them will : the peace of a whole denomination. It is a habit to be guarded against; it is a hindrance to be removed. In this enumeration we must not overlook Parsimoniousness. As Christianity is constituted money is indispensable. The divine law is that the material resources needful for its propagation are to be the free-will offerings of believers. _ Yet it is to be feared that uo side of tne Christian character is so defective, no duty is so systematically neglected, as that of giving. .Nothing, indeed, unkes one so ashamed of the current profession of Christianity as its financial aspect. Our overdrafts, our debts, our collections, our offerings, our donations, our artifices to get ra°ney are a disgrace to the GospeL (dear, near.} The _ principles and practices of the great majority of Christians with regard to money contributions are deplorable. JSveiy week reveals it. A Church member is beard praying with wonderful, fervour for the conversion or the heathen. Ask him for a £5 note to send out a missionary, aud he shuffles, makes paltry excuses, and refuses-not because he cannot afford it, but because he loves his mousy a gfeat deal more than he loves the souls of the heathen. Another expresses in the abstract liis unshaken confidence in the promises of God. Ask him for a sovereign towards some philanthropic object, and remind hiui * that he wlio hath pity on the poor lendeth unto the Lord, and that which he hath given will Be pay him again.' How quickly he puus out his watch! How suddenly he Temembers lie has a pressing engagement! He will see you about it a jam. Ah, but he does not invest the pound, and put the promise to the test. A third sorrow tuliy laments the neglect and ungodliness every where manifest. Bring out a subscription-book, anu say\Ve are building a church or a school room to check it. What may I put down your name tor? In a moment he tells you there are too maoy churches and schools already; or else he overwhelms you with the story of his past losses or the gloomy prospects of the future. I am not Pleading for wasteful extravagance in building, nor tor excessive salaries for ministers. I ask for effi cient organizations. I ask that instead of one half or tne Church s time being spent in paying off debts which ought not to exist, we may hdve our energies free for spiritual labour. I ask that Christians, instead of giving beggarly contribu tions, and screwing down their weekly offering, to the last possible limit, will give to Go liberally, bountifully, royally, and curtail their expenditure on dres*, on style, on amusements to ao so. (Applause). I ask for the wealth of the rich and the mites of the poor for the treasury of the Lord, and in quite another proportion to that commonly accepted. I ask that gifts may be according to the prosperity granted; and when that is done, we shall not have to din and dun and expostulate; for overdrafts ana debts of churches will be as great curiosities as mastodons aud dodos-(a laugh)-and all will belong to a past age. I had noted down several other hindrances upon which, if time had permitted, . would have spoken. Prejudice, which is a bitter spring poisoning the sweet stream of spiritual lite; fashion and love of display, which are, the fatal decoys to world]mess of heart J. ' Jidolence, that turns away with -j i nan^s from the white harvest fields; self indulgence, which considers ease, personal comfort oetore duty; timidity, which loses golden oppor tunities through fear of lions in the way; aj^theti ctsm, which exalts taste above both devotion and truth; silence where there should be speech, and speech where there should be silence. I pass these by with bare mention, and come in conclu | sion to the Inordinate Worship of Wealth aud position, and the craving for respectability, which i® despintualizing and emasculating the Church. Kespec'ability is the Great Diana of modern otirist'auity. If a new beatitude were discovered tnere could not be a more general conviction nor a Jouder cry than-"Blessed are the respectable!" Uespectabihty has come to be the test of success; and fidelity to Christ, consistency, and belief are subordinated to it. In the days of our Lord the sign of the divinity cf the Gospel was that the poor had it preached to them, and that the common people heard it gladly. Eighteen centu ries have wrought a strange change. Now the evidence relied upon to convince doubters of its onward progress is that the rich and the great listen to its message. The minister who can boast of influential people "who come in their carriages, and who numbers an Honourable or two, a few members of Parliament, and a Mayor, is called a most successful man, with a very pro pe rous cause,' even though conversions are as rare as showers in summer. But the minister whose congregation is drawn from the lower stratum of the middle class and the p')or, though hundreds are converted under his preaching, is half-con teraptuouslr spoken of, even by Christians, as ' a very useful man no doubt, doing a great deal of good-very earnest, very rousing; our servants go wLre' - y-m know they require that sort of thing." wny, tais is exactly what the 'upper classes' thoucut about the Christ Himself. Respectability ,ve nothing to do with Him, because none P;.t'ie rulers had believed in Him. And respecta bility now will only acknowledge that form and Kina of Christianity which- fashion and rank sanction. Respectability does not believa much in conversions, or in any decisive and aggressive ettorts; neither can it enjoy prayer meetings where a godly Imt unlettered man tries to make known our wants to God. Bespectability can overlook a glaring incousistency, but it is terribly shocked at a mispronunciation. It can tolerate a breach in the moral law. but not one of etiquette. It can nod great delight in the society of a Christian who has surrendered all his spirituality, but none in that ot one who drops liis 1 h's.' Bespectability likes to go to a fashionable rout on Monday, to the races on Thursday, to the theatre on Saturday night, aud_ whispers to the world, 'I love you; I am your friend.' Then, on Sunday it comes to the House ef God, and says, ' I am a friend of God; I love the Father,' as though it had never been written, ' If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him,' and ' Whosover will be a friend of the world is the enemy of G-od.' Respec tability does not select its place of worship from considerations of truth or spiritual profit. The question it asks is not ' What is believed and preached?'but'Who attend?' And respectability goes where the fine people go. It leaves tbechurch where the poor predominate, even though its first religious impressions were received under the ministry there, and is quite proud to sit down in a back seat behind the leaders of fashion " The influential sinners Who rent the highest pews.' People who will be respectable will surrender principle, convictions, and conscience for re spectability. They do despite to the Spirit, they are disloyal to Christ, they wrong their own souls to belong to a respectable Church, where they cannot speak of what they do believe, and where they are compelled to sanction by their presence and silence what they do not believe. In this age respectability is a temptation that besets us all. It is a danger that theatens every Church. The world is determined to be religious. It has set its heart upon getting the sanction of religion. But it can only get what it wants by making Christianity worldly. It wants to patch up a peace. It says to Christianity-'You come with me m the week to my balls and races and theatres, and lend me your countenance, and I'll come to your churches on Sunday, and patronise your bazaars and ragged schools.' And if Christianity do not reply 'Between me and thee there is a great gulf fixed. I may not come over le6t I become like thee and lose the likeness of my Lord." the line between the Church -and the world will be completely ob literated. We must indeed * take heed that we do not grow respectable.' For any denomination that gets that title is not far off its 'funeral sermon.' Already we have gone farther than fidelity or safety warrants. (Hear.) A defcEMnlhed etabdmnat oexaade. The alternative before ua is the approval « Christ or the approval of theworld^ And in order to show that we lovetheliord Jesus, we must forego mach that is "lawful, because it Is neither expedient'nor safe Puritanism* of" the 59T®?? and dismal! est type is better than :a Hoeraufeni that makes 'light hare communion with darkness, and Christ concord with Belial.'- I hopel shall not be misunderstood, (Hear.) I ain not making an indiscriminate assault upon wealth *®®dj>osiiion.: Wealth is undoubtedly a great talent; riches are an immense power; and- the influence of those who stand in the front ranks, .'regulating the'movements which affect society, is to he de sired for the Gospel. A wealthy -Christian can do what a'poor one cannot do. But Christianity must not be hawked .about to get the leadens of society to patronise -It . Christianity cannot accept and must not receive their' patronage if their lives are at variance with its precepts. Dives must not be put upon our religious Committees because he is Dives, and can give a luge donation. (Applause.) Bank must not be asked to take the . chair at; our meetings because he has a title, itespect must Be had .to consistency and fitness. Wealth and nobility, with piety, are in their proper places presiding over our Christian. Societies. But no amount of money, and no historic splendour of name, and no degree of prestige or success, justifies the invitation of a man of nn-Christian life to patroniseChristianity. .And when it is done, they who do it deserve. what the Committee ef the Norwich Bible Society got when it asked the sporting J£arl of . Orford to take the chair1 at its annual meeting, lii .reply to the Secretary, the Larl wrote the following note:-'Sir-I am surprised and annoyed, at the contents of your letter-surprised because my well-known charac ter should have exempted me from such an appli cation; annoyed because it obliges me to have this communication with you. I- have long been addicted to the gaming-table. I have lately taken to the turf. 1 fear I frequently blaspheme. I have never distributed religious tracts. All this was well knewn to you and to your Society, notwith standing which you think me a proper person for your Resident May God forgive your hypocrisy, lwould rather live in the land of sincere than with such saints.-lam, &c;" ORFOED. May, 1867.' The candour ol that nobleman is to be admired, how ever much his moral condition is to bs deplored. He had a . truer sense of consistency than that lackey-spirited Committee, who thought rank a sufficient set-off to blasphemy, and titled ungodli ness a compliment to the Word of God. How ashamed of themselves they must have beeu when these incisive sentences were read out for their common edification. And now J close. I have enlarged upon this -last for it is the most serious. The intelligence from England shows that . this determination to be respectable is threatening to destroy the spiritual me of the city churchcB. They are becoming so worldly in tone and act that vital godliness is imperilled. The same tiling is here. Let us watch and pray that we enter not into temptation. The last thing to be said is the necessity of unflinching Christian faithfulness to Christ, to the Word, to conscience. It is not isolated acts, but the habit of fidelity that is required-fidelity m the little as . a? the great-for he who is faithless in that which is least will when the temptation is strong enough be faithless in that which is greatest; and it is only he who removes the minor hindrances from the way of the Gospel who has the guarantee that he will never obstruct its progress with the major ones. He ' Who keeps no guard upon himself is slack; And rots to nothing at the next great tliaw." The circumstances and the times demand a thorough and personal consecration on the part of Christians. There must be sincere and decisive piety. Consistency must be worn and protected as f' sliest worth. We must be altogether for Christ. A half-hearted homage, a partial sur renaer, a fitful service, a lukewarm love will not sumce. Body, soul, intellect, life, influence, time, talent, affection, must all be laid upon the altar, awaiting the descent of the fire from heaven. Then the rest will follow. The Holy Ghost shall endue us with power, from on high; and the Gospel, having all hindrances removed from its way, winged by faith, wafted by prayer, and accredited by consistency, shall go singing through the lands till stranger ears aud alien hearts have heard and understood its wondrous message of love. Then praise shall rise from full hearts, daily prayer shall be as incense, the lifting up of the hands as the evening sacrifice, till God's millenial mom shall rise On happy hearts and blessed eyes. Meantime each believing and obedient heart may take up the supplication of faith Few years, no wisdom, no renown, Only my life can I lay down; Only iny heart, Lord to thy throne . I bring, and pray A child of thine I may go forth. And spread glad tidings through the earth, And teach sad hearts to know Thy worth' Lord, here am L Make Thou me strong; that staff and stay, And guide and guardian of the way, To Theeward 1 may hear each day, Some faintiug soul Speak, for 1 hear; make pure in heart, ihy face to see; Thy truth impart An nut and hall, in church and mart! -Lord, here am L I ask no heaven till earth be Thine, £o glory crown while work of mine Kemaineth here; when earth shall shine Among the stars; Her sins wiped out, her captives free, lier voice a music unto Thee, *°r crown, new work give Thou to me! Lord, here am L" nrSle*i?er" MEAD said in another place last week the mover of a vote of thanks to tne reader of an address objected to its being received as the opinion of the body over which he presided; and admitting the right of independent j'udgment and varied news of truth, it did sometimes happen that they could not always be unanimous in approving of that which they had heard. He doubted not, however, that all there were able to approve of the address to which they had just hsceaed-(appiause) -and instead of its going forth as the views of one, he should like it to zo forth as the voice of the whole meeting. (Ap plause) He moved-"That a vote of thanks lie presented to Air. Parsons, and that hi3 address fu i g?- °^11 35 the unanimous expression vt Cu3v The Rev. J. PRICE seconded, observing that he felt convinced that there was but one feeling in the minds of all with regard to the address. The part, winch related to ministers, was so searching and so good, that he felt sorry, per sonally when their esteemed Chairman turned over to the other side. (dear, hear.) But the con viction flashed on his mind that this was a nroof fDef-8 of *he first subdivision re mSs.?1* feeling of separation between their people; and the second part belonged to himself as much as the first. (A IVint J wj8,a 5»mister he was a member of the Church, and had great need to beware of gossip and censoriousness, and one or two other thmgs mentioned. Other good points had not been brought out, but there was great strength of reserve m the address. He took that opportunity of expressing his deep thankfulness to God that He had. in their exigency as a Church, sent amongst them a man after his own heart, such as their Chairman. (Applause.) . The Rev. J. DANIEL cordially supported the motion, saying the Chairman had given him a sound drubbing; but he thought all had got it pretty smart too. (Laughter.) He had been a long time in the Church, preaching the Word for many years, and had seen a great many of the evils resulting from the hindrances to which Mr. Parsons had referred. He hoped the ministers who came there that day would remember one thing - not to be jealous one of another. (Hear, hear.) How often did they feel a jealousy of So- and so's fine church - (a laugh) - which was not right: and another thing he thought they ought to remember - some thought that a minister went up to heaven during the week and came down on Sa- turday night for the Sunday's service-(laughter)- he was so far above the people; and he thought the more united they were the greater would be their success. He entertained a feeling of esteem for all his brethren, and sometimes felt they had more grace in the heart than he had; but he sought to make himself the owest. Then with regard to Church gossip, the Chairman had pictured them in a very sombre manner, but not blacker than they were. He was sure he should not forget the address throughout the whoIe of year. (Applause.) The Rev. J.M. Day joined heartily in the pro- f k°Ped it would also go torth as the frSSri twJ^iU?n^nati(?u- Ue honestly con fessed that whilst listening to the address he gTeiit deal °f what was said in relation ^.10*jld cause shame and confusion of ?^ec ' however, of the paper going £ i 11 ^anct:1?° would be that they would shni^rt wi +i,a criticised by others, and this w i a most searching heart examination. He hoped they would rid them selves of these hindrances if they existed, and the result would be more real and genuine joy and a strengthening m Christian life. (Applaie ) hv /aJ . ^Hf0UAS' after what had been said by their ministers, would simply, as a Church 3°in m supporting the motion, and he H^ Ji,ri y word Tas applicable to their posi an<^ necessary for their instruction. The address was of such a nature tliat it was worthy hl°h^^ 5 utterance of the denomination^ and he hoped and prayed that all would profit by T2g of -J11 Portion relating to Church he considered it highly important, be cause those hindrances mentioned were fait no doubt in every Church. As the address, besides Hif>n wni-IH "Jl? tje Ms.ual war» would go forth to npnnil w 1 rge,j ey would be watched, and Pe°P'e J°ald be ready to ascertain whether tlK v (Applaus'e.) P What they had heard lhe Eev. H, J. LAMBERT, whilst admitting tbat ministers mignt take to themselves what was stated m reference to Church members, would have the latter bear in mind that ministers needed their sympathy and prayers, in order to assist them !?L^Har(i\r these very hindrances. (Hear, hear.) &ot; only should they get rid of these things, but live for each other and be in earnest. Mr. (x. SHAW congratulated Mr. Parsons upon understanding,. motion having been carried unanimously, the CHAIEMAJS said a few words in reply, and an adjournment was then had for dinner. at ^ o'clock the business was commenced by devotional exercises. mi T. ANNUAL EEPOET. follows^7" read the annua] report as *'Presentyou to-day with the sixth annual report of the Baptist Association. We are fullv persuaded tliat this Association has increased in power each successive year. We believe that it is L^ayn8H°-,JKer than ever- We thankful to know that it possesses, to a veiy large extent the confidence andsympathy ofoter Chtactiesv May ltbecome, nnderttie 'blefflingof <3k>a,' for increased usefulness in promotmgHisl^oiy. ? ? " With humility of heart it becomes us to ac knowledge that the past year has not been one of special success in the leading of sinners to, the Saviour. We' need fe- iicher eudowfaent ofthe gifts of the 6pirit.: For.this end ire would suggest the designation of a day when we may all, either in a private or'public manner, lay this matter before the Lord, and pi$y for 'greatertMngs.5 in taking up new spheres of labour faagiMt^ra great. 2few chapels have been ; erected, or5are being erected, at Norwood, Inglewood, Stockport Tarlee, Saddleworth, £deh Valley,J and. Gawler; the chapel at Magill has been enlarged. More over, regular worship is sustained jn'Other places newly entered upon which are without chapels. One place of worship at Port. Lincoln we have hot used. A church has been organized at Inglewood. .Woik-of an evangelistic character has been carried on during the year. Mr. fi. Parkin,'formerly minister of the MagUl Church, has been sustained as an1 evangelist. His labours have been htessed, and the Committee have fnlTcOnfidehce in his earnestness and zeaL. r " Mr. John N. Birke has beeil sustained as a student. He has worked at his studies with satis factory diligence and success. Chiefly on this ground it baa not been judged needful to subject him to the usual formal examination! iki preach ing he has had tokens of the Divine blessing. 'By the establishment of the Adelaide Theo l°g}cal College, the Committee of the Association mil be relieved of the responsibility of directing the studies of those who may devote themselves to the work ot the ministry, nevertheless a close relationship must exist between the two Com mittees. The Baptist students will be expected to throw themselves as heartily into the general work of the Association as heretofore. Moreover, the Committee of the Association will be asked for a liberal pecuniary contribution to tbe funds of the College. In the fullest sense, we hope the Com mittee of the College, while occupying an inde pendent position, will be -thoroughly one with the ? Association. We commend this College movement to^the sympathies, of the denomination at large. "It may be best here to make allusion to our denominational magazine,' Truth and,-Progress, which is now near the end of the second year of its publication. We' are glad that there has been, no necessity for an appeal to be made for gratuitous contributions in order to its sustentation. ' As to its character and usefulness during the present year, there are not wanting evidences which yield US satisfaction and awaken gratitude. We are thankful that it has been a medium for the minis tration of truth fitted to edify. We have a fair number of subscribers in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. Letters received from tne last-mentioned colony during the last few days prove that it is read there with much interest, ana is looked upon as an organ which 'may be rendered serviceable for the expression of the varied aspects of Christian truth. We are far from thinking the magazine all it may be made as a power for good, aud hope that under a new editorship it may become increasingly efficient. In former reports Gawler has been more than once referred to. The judications of the Divine approval of the work there have been manifold. "(p'ded step has now been taken in securing a good site and in the erection of a chapel thereon, zlns will, we think, tend to give permanency and denniteness to the cause. We nope a minister will be located there within a few months. The settlement of the Bev. J. L. Parsons at .North Adelaide yields us sincere pleasure; and we have been glad to welcome the Kev. Mr. Kiugdon, lately arrived, and hope he may usefully labour among Hg. "We think it becoming to acknowledge the pecuniary assistance rendered by agenerouB friend of all ^Christian efforts. But for such a liberal con tribution we should have been much crippled in furmovement. must still urge all our friends to help this Association to the utmost of their ability, consistently with other claims. ' The increased number of ministers in and near Adelaide renders it possible for us to have a more equable Division of labour of a general denomina tional character than has hitherto prevailed. 'In the contemplated election of anew Secretary or Secretaries we sincerely hope that fresh life and vieour may be diffused among the Churches. At the same time we are deeply impressed with the truth that we all need a firmer hold and more en lightened comprehension of Christ's truth, and a richer baptism of Hi* Spirit." On the motion of Mr. JAMES Cumming, seconded by the Kev. J. L. DAVIES, the report was unanimously adopted. FINANCIAL BEPOET. Mr. JAMES SMITH (Treasurer) presented his report and balance-sheet for the past year, showing tbe receipts to have been £447 4s. 5d., and ex penaiture £412 5s. 9cL, leaving a balance in hand of £34 183. 8a. He mentioned that had it not been for the donation of £150 by the friend re ferred to; in the report the balance would have been on the other side. Mr. D. FOWX.EE moved, and Mr. A. MOBBAY seconded, the adoption of the report, which, after a little discussion, was carried nem. con., the Bev. o. Mkat> explaining that the donation mentioned was given on the condition that it was supple mented, which was nearly accomplished. COMMITTEE AND OFFICEBS. The Bev. S. MEAD proposed "That the following be the Committee for the ensuing year :-Kev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., H. J. Lambert, J. L. Parsons, and B. Parkin, and Messrs. D. Fowler, T. Barnes, J. Whiting, A. S. £eill, J. A. Holden, W. K. Thomas, G. Shaw, A. Murray, J. (Jummipg. J. Jarett, J. White, J. Darling, ana F. Hann. Secretaries-Be vs. J. Price.and J. M. Day; Treasurer-Mr. J. Smith." The Bev. GEOBGE PBINCE seconded. An objection was raised by the Bev. W. O. ASHTOX to both Secretaries being resident out of town, he considering that the interests of the Association would suffer in consequence. Mr. MEAD explained that he was obliged to retire from a deep conscientious conviction that it was Ins duty to his Church at flinders-street to devote his time jto tliem. After a short discussion on tne subject, in the course of which great recret was expressed at the loss of Mr. Mead's services as secretary, a suggestion was thrown out that the rev. gentleman might be able to attend to the supply of circuits near Adelaide on any occasion of emer gency, and the motion was then carried. On the proposition of the Bev. H. J. LAMBEET, the hearty thanks of the Association were awarded to Mr. Mead for the ability with which he had acted as their Secretary. The Kev. H. L. TUCK seconded, and the motion having been carried by acclamation, was acknow ledged by Mr. MEAD, who expressed his thanks for tne able support he had received, and regret at being obliged to relinquish the office. _ DENOMINATIONAL LITEBATOBE. The Bev. J. PBICE moved, Bev. S. se?°-n, ? was carried unanimously Kevs-J: Pareoos and H. J. Lambert be the kditore, and Mr. F. Hann the Financial faecretary, of Truth and Progress for the ensuing y6&ra; The balance-sheet was read by Bev. S. MEAD, snowing a balance in hand when unpaid subscrip tions came in of £g 19a. Id. He stated that their magazine had been a greater succcss than was anticipated, the circulation, which was now about 900, being double their estimate. It was suggested that, in order to relieve the Editors from pecuniary mthculties m consequence of not having funds in hand to meet current liabilities, that a Working Fund should _be_ established, and the necessity of SKEST""^ up resukriy was strongly On the motion of Mr. W. K. THOMAS, a vote of thanks was passed to the Kevs. S. Mead and J. Price, the late Editors, and to Mr. Hann for jVis services as i inancial Secretary. LEFEVBE-HsBBACE CHUHCH. A letter was read from this Church, applying to be^received into the Association. ?the Bev. S. MEAD proposed, and Mr. W. K IHOMAS seconded, that the Church be received, satisfaction being given that this Church should have applied for admission, all the Unuiches in the denomination, with scarcely an tk)mPtl0n* n2 now connected with the Associa THANKSGIVING FOB BAD.7. The Bev. H. L. TUCK moved fl this meeting desires to express its sincere 1 thankfulness to God for His goodness in sending f .,. e recent ram, more especially as it C2me when : us need was much felt," i i16 had a particular cause for 1 thankfulness, as the late rains had »i ops and Presented a national calamity, harvest" W?IG notr hopes of at least a moderate DAY seconded the resolution. j ma part of the colony signally blessed Tnri i £ r6at eir prospects looked very bad, and he believed there was a real feeling of liutni P^ upon °od created through as to their tuture. In time of pros FiT they trere apt to trust to the regularity of the: seasons,.and lose sight,of their dependence on CrOd, but this interposition of Providence had been a most signal one, and it was well for the of their gratitude? tM6 PaWiC -d^edgment The motion was carried una voce. \ mi n TSE EDUCATIONAL QUESTION. The Bev. J. M, DAY, of Kiapunda, thought it was desirable they should give expression to their views upon this matter, as others had done so. fT ey did not an agree, and he would there f?ic .U?T.TZ, t^eppmion of this meeting i16 ^ ^.introduce a national I system of wmpulsory education, without reference to religion. He knew that he was entering upon ground on which there was a difficulty in treading. tsome said the State should have nothing to do with education at all; others, that if they had ^ should be of an entirely secular character: whilst it was held by others that education should embrace the reading of the Bible m their ordinary national schools. The opinion he held very strongly was that it was part of the business of the Government to see that a secular education should be provided, but that they had nothing whatever to do with the religious element-with the reading of the Bible. Hecon sidered that in any school where the teacher was not necessarily a religious character the use of the xftDle, as it was carried out in their schools, was a great mistake. At a large public school at home, where there were 300 scholars, he always regarded that part of the teaching as a horrible farce )-and looked upon the hypocrisy of the thing with a perfect shudder as it was carried on week after week. It was said that to the Bible they owed the security of their sovern ment, but he held, It the s^e* K ^Hy- ,la^L n2.tiun«r to do with enforcing rebgious education. It was simply their duty tb c^lldre,n growing up in ignorance. which led to crana by seeingthat secular teaching was BPeaWng with regard to the Catholic view, as it was well known that &Jroi;?d 110 re®t gatisfied until they obtained a i £?% religious teachers: but this was opposed to their own principles, anA whether com pulsop wiucation would meet their case ®r not, it was the duty of the State to provide it. He did not oj^^jto^tjwiinteoduction "of.jtJie Jtible ontof iwjpecfeltoit; bnfciiedeagedtosee^flirit'g'htrtityjp WJrarlrTwjarded as "the'Book". takehout of the; nandB oftheir secular teadiers.. (Hear, hear.) ? ..?+PP 4*??* jS. Mead. M.A* seconded^ remarking wiM expenenM: was better-than hearsay, and as it was acknowledged that their educational system a mistake, the sooner it was rectified the better. The system in England had been a taiiiire, as well .as the denominational system of Victoria, and he suggested that that of Canada would be the jnost acceptable, as fromall accounts it was- working/well. . 1 Mr.; SHAWwent so far with the resolution as to agree that, with respect to.those children who were neglectedby their parents, the State wasbound to ftepinandsee that they hadaproper education/that they were rightly trained, and made efficient members of. the society in which they were growing up to fulfil iheir. destinies. Of course all parents who were able to educate their children should do so. out the Government would have to-see «w. sach didaotpalmtheirchildrenupon the Govern- 1 ?uent- peeing the numerous ciiildreD running ! about .the .streets in a wild uneducated state, he thought they should look at the matter as it stood, ' and take it into Serious consideration, for without education these would never become proper mem bers of society. , j D. Fowler said be was sorry to see tViaf at the Congregational Union views were given ex-1 prestaon to which he could not agree with by influential men whom he respected. If they had only: taken the trouble to make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the national system of education in Scotland they would have seen the immense superiority which that country possessed over their own- Where he came from Si) children out of every 100 could read and write. Educa tion was within the reach of the poorest, and in lew localities did the number of those who could not read and write reach 3 percent. (Hear, hear) He considered the question of religious education in public schools oue of the greatest bugbears that ever existed^ and most strongly approved of the Scotch system. In our system here what they badly wanted was a better class of teachers wear, hear) -and he considered it was tlie duty of the State to provide a national system of purely secular education. (Applause^) The CHAIRMAN said there appeared to be four different systems of education - Government education with the Bible and without it: and compu'sory education with and without the Bible; and he heartily agreed with the Rev. Mr. Day's proposition as to a compulsory secular education. He had no doubt in his own mind but that the Slate had nothing whatever to do with enforcing religious education. There was a great amount of difficulty in the matter, but if pare* ts themselves were not alive to what they owed to their children the State must step in. The children must have education, for that enormous evils arose from ignorance was his experience of some of the dark districts in the west of England, where the amount of ignorance was almost unbelievable. He considered that their religious training could he properly secured in the home, Sunday-school, and by other rccognised means. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. S. Neill concurred in the resolution as far as introducing compulsory secular education, but did not iike the idea of excluding the Bible from their schools. Although it was said its reading was merely a formal matter, he considered it exercised an influence upon the mind. The Rev. H. L. Tuck thought the word "com pulsory" would never do. A speaker at a meeting on one occasion, after indulging in every kind of vituperation, thoroughly exhausted his stock of epithets, when a man behind him called out, "It is diabolical;'-(laughter)-and he felt inclined to use a similar expression. t Mr. D. H DT i ON, of Morpliett Vale, expressed his opinion that the whole question was open to a week's discussion; and he, as well as others, did not like to hazard an opinion without considera tion. He did not think compulsory education would do, and yet he did not like to say at five minutes' notice that he agreed with the idea of shutting out the Bible. He moved as an amend ment that the subject be postponed to their next meeting. Mr. JE. Dewhtest, Second Inspector of Schools, said he rose to correct an impression which pre vailed that there was something in the present Educational Act which required that the Bible should be read in schools. This was not a fact. The regulations of the Board required it; but all the Act said was that the education imparted should be founded upon Bible truth; meaning that the books read should contain some elements of religious truth, such as those in the pages of works supplied by the British and Foreign School So ciety and the Irish > ational Society. He did not know that he ought to say anything on this occa sioD, as those m the Government scrvice generally hela aloof from-discuesions; but he held this view with respect to the exclusion of the Bible, that it should never have been introduced-(applause) - and then they would not have had to talk about excluding it. He also considered all the Go vernment had to do was to see ttut a good secular education was provided, without violating the conscience or making it repulsive to any one. His friend, the Kev. Mr. Tuck, had a great objection to the word com pulsory, but there was a great deal of that in life. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) It was not a word they as Englishmen were fond of. The system was working advantageously in Prussia, but the real question was whether a person should be com pelled to provide for the mental cultivation of his chilu as well as his physical. He agreed with the last speaker, that it was a large quesnon, and could not be decided jin one hour or baif a dozen; but one plan had suggested itself to his mind which would be somewhat fair to all, that if they had Govern ment education in the country it shvuld be bestowed according to secular results. i,et the Government Inspector go into a school and not ask a single question about Scripture, but ascertain what progress the children had made in secular know ledge, and bestow their aid in proportion. (Ap plause.) The Rev. Mr. TUCK seconded the amendment. The Kev. J. PRICE, of Albertoa, supported the amendment, remarking that as a meeting they were not quite prepared, not having had notice of the question being brought forward. Personally he was rather undecided on the matter, and should not feel disposed to vote. There was a great deal to be said on both sides, and he thought it best to postpone it to the half-yearly or next meeting. The Bev. D. BADGEB, of Morphett Vale, hoped the_ meeting would come to a decision on the reso lution, as the matter bad been constantly before the community, through the Parliament, the Press, and other agencies, for some months "past, and he was quite sure they, must have arrived at some con clusion. (Hea-, hear.) He would point out that by shutting the Bible out of their schools they did not prevent their children from learning it, for were there not their Sabbath-schools, the home agency, and the Lord's-day service? Then who were the teachers- these men who were to impart a religious education to their children i What h ad the State to do with teaching religion? (Hear, hear.) Their schoolmasters might be quite able to give their children a good secular education, and that shouid satisfy them. Suppose he wanted his boy to learn watchmaking, would he complain if the master to whom lie sent him to acquire it could not teach aim theology? (A laugh and Hear, hear.) If he made him a good watchmaker that would satisfy him, and it was much the same with education. They wanted schoolmasters to teach the children the rudiments of education to fit them for the ordi nary duties of life, and expected that leligious teaching should be imparted by parents, ministers and the Sunday-school teacher. What was the value of the so-called religious teaching in day schools? The Scotch had a great power of endurance-(a laugh)-and for his part he had gone through a long and severe course of so styled religious training in a day-school. They learnt long psalms, and had large doses of catechism- but, for his part, when he had learnt it. he did not understand a single question. (Laughter.) Religion brought into the day-school was turned into a farce, and he could not see that auy good came of it. He had as reverential a fee.mg for the Word of God as any one, but all he expected from the State was a secular education. Kiev should talk about education, andsay nothing about religion. As to the compulsory system, undoubtedly there might be a few who might still not be taught, but that should not deter ihem from trying this system; and as to the objection to com pulsory education there were many things they were compelled to do now. If parents neglected, to give their children wholosome food the State would compel them to do so, or do it for them. Some parents spent all their earnings upon their own bodies, and left the mental cultivation of their children to others, but these should be compelled to educate their offspring. (Applause.) A friend behind him asked hew could they compel, how would they [catch the children; and this reminded him of a little incident. A Pseiobaptist minister travelling through the bush from house to house, as was sometimes the custom in going through a district occasionally child sprinkling-(laughter)-went to a olace where the parents collected their children. He was about to proceed with the ceremony, when he asked, "Are these all?" The mother, with great anxiety, replied, " There is one mare, but these are all we could catch"-(loud laughter)-and this was just the way to put it-(applause)-give a secular education to all they could catch. The Rev. J. L. DAVIES remarked that many things were said about the Scotch system, and in Scotland it was a rarity to meet with a person unable to read-a defect very common amongst Englishmen. He thought education should be compulsory; but could not then come to the con clusion that it would be bpst to exclude the Bible from their schools. The Roman Catholics were placed under a disadvantage by our system, and the Bible being the great enemy of their religion they would like to get rid of it; but then came the question of morality which was involved in Bible teaching. They taught their children to be dutiful to God, and wished them to learn the best morality, and this was only to be found in the Bible, for there was none other than scriptural morality. His mind was not clear on these points, not being able to reconcile them. His impression was that the American system was the best, and it was a signi ficant fact that the Church of Borne opposed their national system. He should support the putting off of the question, as the proposition was too extreme. Mr. W. K, THOMAS 6aid if the question was postponed to their next meeting this was likely to be held in the country, and therefore its decision wonld not come with such force and value as at present. (Hear, hear.) If it was put off for 12 months its discussion would not be of much practical use, as the auestion might then be j settled. It had been discussed by the Congrega tional Union, and as the members of the Associa tion could not but have given some consideration to the subject it was most advisable they should come to a decision at once. He would not say more on the subject, except that he most heartily agreed with the proposition. The Chairman then put both the amendment aud motion, and the latter was carried with two dissentients. This closed the business for the day, and the Association adjournedtall half-pasfclO o'xiocfcon'j the following,, moraine, when lettere from, Churches would be taken; a gublic "tea andc meeting td take place at night. . 