NOTES AND -NEWS. John Monro, grazier, of C&nmaroo; in the Maranoa district; has been adjudged to be an insolront. . The Government hare called for tenders for the erection of a Court House at 8t. George. The ten- ders are to be sent to tho office of the Minister for Works on or before Friday, June 25. On the 30th ultimo, the document®, books, Ac., connected with the Land Office at Dalby were duly handed over to Mr. Cribb, the Clerk of Petty Ses sions, by Mr. Fattorini, and everything connected with die office was pronounced -to bo in the most satisfactory condition. As there is no accommoda tion at' the Court Honsp for the documents, Ac., of the Land Office, a portion of the verandah is to be enriosed, and the room thus formed will be the future TabS Office. On Tuesday, a young man, named John Thompson , formerly head stockman at Daandine, met with a tenons accident. It appears that sereral young men with whom Thompson was in oompsny were on the rscecourw here, jumping their horses oyer the feuoea. While trying one or the jumps, Thompson, from some cause or other not knowB, lost his balance and fell from his horse, sustaining a fracture of the collar bone. His companions conveyed him .to the Commercial Hotel, awl Dri Howlm was sent for, who reduced the fracture. Mr. Thompson is now, we mro glad to state, progressing favorably. ' Intelligence was brought to the police on Tuesday night that the wife or a. shepherd on Jondaryan,' named Bridget Fitzpatrick, bad been lost in the bosh since Sunday last- Early the following morning, Sergeant M'Kiernan, accompanied by two mounted troopers and a black tracker, started from Dalby and searched the forest as they went to the Ten-mile Plain. After proceeding about right miles, they were met by a messenger who informed them that Mrs. Fitzpatrick hod been found, all well. The police at once returned to Dolby. We are indebted to Sergeant M'Kternan for the following particulars of the occurrence ; — On Saturday, Mrs. Fitzpatrick walked from the hut to Dalby, a distance of ten miles; carrying m\ infant. , She remained in town until noop on Sunday, -when slio started to walk home agrin. : She went alone tbe telegraph Ifoo for eight miles, and then turnetLoff the _road to thc-right -into the forest.-- She-isquUe -ceitain-that she went in the projier direction for tho hut, two miles distant from the rood, until she sat down to rest j but on re suming her journey she roust have altered her course, for at sundown she had not seen the hut, and she found hi-m-lf in a part of the bush with which sho was totally unacquainted. When the nightbccamo dark she camped, and early tho following morn ing she recommenced her journey. While wandering about, she came ncroM n track, and determined to follow it, in the hope that it would conduct her to tome human habitation. Late on Monday, she arrived at an orervecr's placc on St. Buth, Mr. Scott's residence, and there her wanU were kindly attended to. Next morning she was taken liomc, but her .husband having 1st the meantime learned that she Had left- Dal by on Sunday, was then searching for her, and after scouring the forest in all directions, he reported the circumstance to the police here tliat evoning/aabcforc mentioned, IMr. Bsdow cave his first drawing-room aateriafo cc=i hi Daibr 00 Tuetdsr eruaing huif to a g»d audieoMt. A flight rein which descended about ludf j as btTcr prrriou to the commencement of the enter- ! Uinocat prevented the Union Hall- bring'crowdrU ji ctherwire would have been, but so the evening i,.v3 became fine again, the number m-rv-Ving »elled into decidedly respectable propwriiru. i-e e r-tertoiafficnt commented by Mr. Hunter playing vii ; rh: pianoforte 44 Fairy BellMaarfc»" wkiehwa» ap- Traded. Mr. Bariow then appeared and was dieted with loud plaudits, the first song being the ijiieaal one of Men of Merer England," followed _>.y \fy 'VTary Jwnr."' and tie rapid oneoaoe of the elongations created great cirb. Next followed an inatrumental duett bet" een Mr. Bsriow sod Mr. Hunter oa the rock-harmoniron, or.d violin, the air played being the " Blue Belli of >:o!laad.M a piece which pre very great satiefae- nor.. The song "Creep afore ye Gang," by Mr. Bariow was loudly applauded, as was also the «ue- reriisg one " Terry O'Kin," which- was-enoowd. , Tit- first part of the programme was brought to a ; .v-r/.-lufkm by the two couuc fe&sstional; tonzt of. -Have you seen the Ghost," and the ''Prickly Heat," the latter creating roars of laughter. In the -..-.vud Jpart, the characteristic entertainment, Mr. Bariow was peculiarly happy, all the characters br assumed keeping the audience throughout in a rerfeet titter. "The local comic song, by " Grar.ny snow," had special reference to affaire which were > oxuri&g; on Grmpie at the time of Mr. Bariow'f j risit to that thriving goldfield, and could not perhap < co that account be follv appreriated here, yet the make up" of the old lady, aod her obstinate deter mination .to express her opinion upon everything were exceedingly amusing. We may state that in the local song referred to, there was a total absence of The object- of the delineator is to amuse, , not to ridi cule, and he succeeds most admirably. For instance, in the character which followed, — namely, " the Chinese musician." Mr. Barlow represented a very clever and a jolly fellosr, who sing a most amusing song in broken English, and who very fairly plavs several well-known mire upon the Chinese ffdiUe. in . this character Mr. Barlow was deservedly encored, and even after a second edition it was with erident reluctance the celestial gentleman was allowed to depart. The second part concluded with, the fire side song " Hr old wife and 1," and was very effectively remlered. The third part consisted of the Negro entertainment) in which the singing, the banjo playing, the playing on various other instru ments, the step dancing, and amusing anecdotes kept the attention of the audience engrossed to the dose. Altogether, Mr. Barlow's entertainment is the most varied end laughter-provoking of any we have sen, and the manner in which he contrives to get through the work he sets himself to do is most astonishing. On Wednesdar evening the entertainment was repeated, bat several novelties were introduced. Of the new songs, that given by "Sarah Walker," on the prevailing fashions, was loudly applauded. The attendance on the second night was much larger than that of the night preceding, and, if that were possible, the audienco was more demonstra tive as regards applause. This evening Mr. Bariow announces that ho ..Trill give his . farewell entertainment, and we Have no dpubt tho House will be filled to overflowing — that is, if the weather bo fine. We are glad to find that the recent extensive improvements and additions to the Union Hall have very much improved the acoustic properties of "that place of amusement, and vocalists who give enter tainments in that building will find that this ono defect in its construction which they have hitherto had to contend against has been removed. We are informed that about a ton and a half of potatoes were brought into town from Dr. Crosby's fair specimen of the ton and a half, tbe former has erery reason to be proud of his produce. Tbe seed was put in about eleven, weeks since, and the yield, from an acre and a half, ia expected to be eight tons, or 160 bags, and potatoes are selling now at 14e. per bag. If the produce above mentioned can be realised at that figure, the return will be a handsome one. On Saturday evening last a detachment of con stables arrived in Dalby with five prisoners nnder sentence of imprisonment from Boma. On the usual search previous to confining, the prisoners in the cells being instituted, it was discovered that Powell, alias Wheeler, sentenced to fiyff years' penal servitude for horsestealing, had oontrived to conceal in Iris boot a Tery handy instrument' with which to. J effect an escape. The instrument consisted of one of those extraordinary -pocket knives ' which, in a moderate bulk, contains blades, corkscrews, files, $aws, probes, Ac., Ac. The peculiarity nboht the one found upon Powell was that it hod had a new saw- blade put in, and this saw-blade was exceedingly well prepared for cutting through boards without making much noise. Its disoovezy by Sergeant M'Kiernan evidently disconcerted the prisoner, as it jpotied his last chance of escape before getting into the train, and he refused to give any information as to how he became possessed of it. A report of the circumstance has been dnly forwarded to the Com missioner. -- t' m An accident which nearly resulted fatally oc curred on Saturday last to a little girl, aged about four years, a daughter of Mr. Honry Pickering, butcher, of Drayton-strcct in this town. It appears that a person -named Mann, formerly of Drayton, was travelling through the town on the day named, and tied up his nones in front of the Commercial HoteL One of the horeee, a vicious brute, broke loose, and after booking off tho pack- saddle, bolted along Drayton-etreet towards the bridge. When it arrived at Pickering's corner, it suddenly turned and rushed between the butcher's shop and the kitchen. The little girl was playing on this part of the premises, and' the horse ran against her knocking her down. The Horso con tinued in its course, but was subsequently cangbt. Several members of Pickering's family saw the oc currence, and at once went and picked up iho child. It was found that tho -right leg had been broken Wow the knee. Medical aid was at once procured for tbe little sufferer, and we are glad to be enabled to state that she is now in . a foir way of recovery. A painful scene (says the Queensland Timet) was witnessed in the Supreme Court on Monday. It iiad been noticed that the judge's associate was from some cause or other unfit to perform tbo duties of his office. He was directed by his Honor to mark certain exoioiis in tne case zvcgina v. r uncy, ana having completed them after some delay ho handed them up to the.judgc, who, on looking over the papers, told him he was unfit for doty, arid ordered mm to leave tho Court. . He did so, but returned in a fow minutes, and appeared to be endeavoring to make some excuse or apology fo his Honor, who, however, would- not hear him, and threatened to commit lrim for contempt if he persisted in such conduct. ! At the request of- the judge, Mr. Perkins, Registrar of the District-Court, discharged the duties of associate during the remainder .of ihoday. Tbe Courier of yesterday says:— Mr. James Wise-, man Wilkie has been summoned to appear at the Police Court, this morning, to answer certain charges of embezzlement. We understand that ho will oe examined on fire several charges. A "struggling Farmer," who has been connected with woollen manufacture in England for thirty years, sends a letter to the Queensland Times urging the importance of starting a woollen monufoctory in Ipswicn. He says: — "The machinery that I would advise an y man to get (or a company) to a start with would consist of one willey or devil, one teazcr or jigger, ono scribler, one condenser, one pair mules, 400 spindles each, twelve or fourteen power-looms, with a sufficient quantity of gear, slays, and bobbins, one milling machine: probablo cost £1250. Fourteen -looms, if . properly woirlfod ton hours per day for one week, wonld weave over ono thousand jordi of; Crimean shirtings or ladies' mantle cloths (double width), which would igtko eight hundred men's shirts and give employment 10 130 needlewomen and girls. I would advocate the manufacturing of shirtings and flannels, as that class of goods needs, very, little dyeing or finishing. Thoy could bo wove one day and mods into ahlrta the next if needed. £2500 will set tho thing a-going ; 500 slrnres, at £5 per share, will raise the amount wanted, and malm Queensland a manufacturing colony and poor Ipswich a noted town j 600 shares, among as many men, it's to be hoped would hurt none of them, nor could it bo expected to make them much." » A town reserve of 640 acres has been pro claimed io the Maraooa district," on tbo banks of the Blaranoa River. It Is to be called the town resorrc of Mitchell 