RELIGIOUS. St. Peter's Church, Bovrxb- street.— On Monday evening, pursuant to an arrangement adopted at a paro chial meeting held three or four weeks since, tho parishioners of St. Peter's, Bourke-strect, reassembled in their church, with a view to paying in their collections and subscriptions for certain (now indispensable) alterations and improvements in the way of access to that handsome and substantial edifice ; and also for the purpose of raising the first instalment to be paid for a piece of ground, bought on the eastern Bide of the ohurch enclo sure, giving an entrance to me caurca iruui Forbes- street. The proceedings of the meeting (which was very numerously attended) were opened with prayer, offered up by the incumbent — the Rev. G. H. Moreten. The Rev. Mr. Moreton made a brief ' financial statement,'' as to the facts ef which there waa obviously no question likely to be raised by those who heard it. Three members of the con gregation had, it appeared, kindly made themselves respon sible for a cash credit of £220 — the first instalment on the ground juet purchased from MeBsrs. Morehead and Young for £700 ; and further, it seemed that about £60 was re quired (in addition to that sum ef £220) for the altera tions. Mr. Moreton thought they would have to try and make up about £300. Towards this he had— up to that time — received £36 10s. 7d. collected by cards ; £66 15s. 6d. collected by himself and Mrs. MoretoB ; and £20 from the Sunday-school's fund : making (with £56 Is. 2d. balance to credit in bank) a total of £177 7s. 3d. This would leave them £122 12s. 9d. Btill required to make up the desired £300. The ladies and gentlemen and chil dren present then came forward and handed over their respective collections and subscriptions by cards, the money being received and counted by the minister and the church wardens. When all had paid in, it was found that the result exceeded the most Banguine expectations of the nlshioners and of those liberal friends who interested themselves on behalf of this church. It was found that the amount of collections was £261 16s. 4d. — making (with the £56 Is. 2d. in the bank, and £16 col lected at the services on the previous day) a total of ' £322 16s. 6d.— £22 16s. 6d. more than had been asked for at the present time. The Rev. Mr. Moreton expressed his grateful sense of the earnest and affectionate manner in | which hiB people had exerted themselves, and made a special acknowledgment of the assistance of those who had so nobly co-operated with them, but had not been able to be present at that meeting. He also addressed the meeting as te what he proposed to do on the ground they had now secured, and said he thought they ought to build a weatherboard schoolhouse thereon. The proceedings of the meeting were brought to a close by the recital of the Te Deum. As the meeting broke up, the members of the congregation crowded round their pastor, and gave him many hearty, individual assurances of their affectionate reBpect and sympathy. Presbyterian. — The Presbytery of Sydney being as sembled on 2nd instant, the Rev. R. S. Peterson reported that he had proceeded to Ashfield on the 18th ultimo, and moderated in a call, when the Rev. A. N. Mackray was duly and unanimously elected pastor of the congregation of St. David's Church, Ashfield. The Presbytery approved of Mr. Paterson's conduct. The call was laid on the table, and was found to contain thirty-seven signatures of members and ninety- nine of adherents. Messrs. Lear month, Drynan, and Walker appeared as commissioners in eupport of the case, end were heard. The case was sus tained by the Presbytery sb a regular Gospel oall ; and Mr. Mackray being present, the call was put into his hands, and he was asked if he accepted of it, when he replied he accepted of the same. His induction was then appointed to take place on Thursday evening, the 18th instant, at half-past 7 o'clock, in St. David's Church, Ashfield, the Rev, Dr. Steel to preach, and tbe Rev. Colin M'Culloch to preside and give the charge to the minister, and address the people. Chalmer Church, Redfern.— A public meeting was held on Wednesday in Chalmer Church, Redfern, on behalf of the Sydney City Mission. The chair was occu pied by the minister of the church, the Rev. Dr. Beg. The proceedings were commenced with signing a verse of the hundredth Psalm, and prayer ; after which, the Rev. Mr. Beg read the 28th chapter of Matthew, directing particular attention to the 19th verse, ' Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations ; baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' He then called upon the Rev. Mr. Robinson, the secretary of the mission, to address the people. The secretary described at great length tho many difficulties that bad to be contended against by a missionary in all large cities. He said that die name of the church in which they were aBsembled brought to mind j the labours of Dr. Chalmers, who was instrumental in establishing churches both in Edinburgh and Glasgow, and who spent a great deal of hiB time in labouring among that element of population which was to be found in the wynds and closes of thoEe cities. He believed that from the extent and unweariedness of his labours among the lower classes, Dr. Chalmers' mantle might well be said to have fallen on Dr. Guthrie. He hoped that the same zeal and devotedness would be found among the Christian gentlemen here as appertained to some) of those at home, and that congregations would also set about doing good to their fellow men who had fallen into tbe depths of degradation and vice. It gave him great oencern to see that the Lord's worship was far from being so well attended as it ought to be. He remem bered reading while the Presbyterian Assembly was sitting one of the clergymen present gave a pqper in which he stated his belief that there were about 40,000 persons in this oolony of either Scotch or Presby terian families out of which number only 25,000 were in the habit of attending the worship of God. He had often gone through certain streets in this city on a Sunday afternoon, and he was certain that in some of them he had not so much as found even one person absent at churoh from Sabbath-day to Sabbath-day. For the duties of going amongst, this ungodly class men of peculiar qualifications were required— men of iron constitutions, and who oould bear end overcome the difficulties which they often met with in their labours. The men who devoted themselves with so much earnestness to missionary work were — their not being of a denominational character — worthy of support from all. In Sydney there were only three city missionaries, while in a report he had read some time since he saw that in Manchester— his native town — there were between ninety and one hundred labouring in the cause of Evangelisation. The return also showed that twenty-one persons had contribu ted about £63 per annum towards the fund, which altogether amounted in the year to £7000. The rev. secretary then forcibly contrasted the difference between the support received by the City Missions in Sydney and Manchester, and concluded by desiring the prayers of the congregation. He was followed by three of the city missionaries, who drew affecting pictures of the crime and godlessness which waB so prevalent in the city, and of instances where some souls had been recovered therefrom by their labours. Their narratives were listened to throughout with much attention. The meeting came to a close with the benedictien. A collection was made at the door on behalf of the missions. Intended Season of Phayer.— A meeting of clergy men of Protestant churches in Sydney and its suburbs was convened on Wednesday in the oommittee roem at the Temperance Hall, for the purpose of considering the sugges tions contained in Dr. Merle D'Aubigne's letter to Mr, Kinnaird (which letter has already been published in the Serali). The Rev. Dr. Steel occupied the chair. After a long and careful consideration, the meeting unanimously adopted the following resolution, which waB moved by the Rev. J. Graham, and seconded by the Rev. J. B. Laughton, ef Parramatta: — 'This meeting having taken into con sideration the letter of the venerable Dr. Merle D'Aubigne, recommending that special prayer be made by evangelical Christians throughout the world, with reference to the (Ecumenical Council to meet at Rome on the 8th of December next, unanimously expresses its conviction that it is highly desirable that the month of Deoember should be specially set apart by Protestant Christians in this colony for prayer in public worship, and also in private and social circles, for tht priesthood and people of the Church of Rome, that they may be blessed with deliverance from all human error, and brought into a full knowledge of Scriptural truth.' The late Rev. G. E. Turner.— In addition to the tomb erected in St. Ann's Churchyard, Ryde, during the last week n marble tablet has been placed in St. Ann's Church. The work was exe cuted by Mr. Patten, of Pitt-street, at a coat of £42. Its position is on the south side of the church, near tho pulpit where he, whose name the memorial bears, had for many years ministered to the congregation of St. Ann's. The following is the inscription : — ' To the memory of tlio Reverend George Edward Weaver Turner, B. CI.., Oxon, for thirty years incumbent of tbis parish, who died 10th January, 1869. Aged 59 years.' Trunkey Creek Church.— A correspondent of tbe Bathurst Times writes:— This place was visited by the Bishop of Sydney on Tuesday, the 19th ultilno. He arrived from Number One Swamp at about 6 p.m., accom panied by the Revs. H. A. Langley and W. F. B. Uz/.»H, and was met at St. Philip's temporary Churoh, by the Rev. F. B. Boyce. A service was held at 7 o'clock, and Bhortly after that hour the church was densely crowded in every part, many persons not being able to get even near the door. The bishop preached on the subject of our Saviour stilling the storm, and at the conclusion the Evening Hymn was sune by the diggers, with a heartiness seldom heard. . The church ib situated in the centre of the new township (Arthur's Town), and was opened before any of tho many public-bouses which were building at the same time; so the people are able to say they had n church before a public house. Marriage at the Friends' Meeting House.— On the 5th instant a somewhat unusual event in this city took place in the eolemnization of marriage between Walter Robson, of Saffron Walden, Essex, England, and Christina Cox, daughter of Dr. G. Cox, of Fairy Meadow, near Wollongong, New South Wales, aocording to the views and, ob far as could be, the praotices of the Society of Friends. The parties concerned having signed the docu ments making them man and wife, in tbe eye of the law, at the (teglBlrar's offioe, adjourned to tho Meoting-houso, where, let 4 o'clock p.m., a meeting for Divine worship was appointed to be held. Considering tho unfavourable state of the Areather the attendance was good. After a short lime ofisilence, and a few words of explanation as to the views el Friends on the religious nature and observanoe of tbo actJof mairioge among the members of the Churoh of Chi iet, the two stood up, and tho bridegroom taking the bride by the hand, declared as follows ; — 'Friends, I have taken my. friend Christina Cox to he my wife, and in the fear of tho Lord and before this assembly, I promise to be unto her through _ Divine assistance a loving and faithful husband, until it shall please the Lord by death to separate us.' Then the bride mRffa the same declaration, with the needful substitutions in u i lear audible voice. During the meeting, which wsb held partly in silenoe, several of the friends spoke, and prayer was offered : good wishes were expressed for all pre sent, end blessings desired especially for the two who had just entered into the solemn covenant of marriage. At the close, a certificate of what had transpired was read, and afterwards signed by moBt present. The bridal party and their friends adjourntd to T. J. Palser's, George-street, where a handsome teetotal repast was -prepared, and u pleasant and profitable evening spent. In the proBp9ot of their early return to England, and in remembranoe of the day, a beautiful illustrated Family Bible with oommentory, was presented to the newly married couple by John Palsor ion behalf of their friends, and in token of their love), who addressed them very appropriately and niccly. The evening was closed by reading the CIII. Psalm, a time of silent waiting and by exhortation and prayer ; the guests separating for thsir homes about 10 o'clock.— Communicated. 