MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1869. There is no doubt that the proposed colonial conference at London finds little favour here. The truth is, that we are, on the whole, -well satisfied with things as they stand. We think, indeed, that the home Government has applied its new rules harshly and ungenerously towards New Zealand. But, so far as we are ourselves concerned, we have nothing to complain of. 'We hare ample powers of self-government, and we do not care ,to do anything which might tend, or seem to tend, for the sake of any fancied ad- ' vantage, to put them in jeopard)'. Earl Gkan-n iLLis truly stated in his despatch upon ' the Á subject of ' the proposed conference that there is not, 'and cannot botany unity of intercpti among the colonies. To take the more obvious examples, the circmnatauces of the Australian colonies'are very differ- ent nom tho&e; of New Zealand ; and the circumstances of New Zealand, again, differ widely from those of Canada. We doubt, too, vhether any chango that could bo made in' the organisation of the Colonial Office would effect the ob 'ject at which our friends in London aim- unless, indeed, such à council of advice as we have suggested in former articles could be constituted, to assist the Colonial Secretary. Whatever may , be the structure of 'the Colonial Office, its policy must always be controlled 'by Pailiamcnt, and, in the last1 re soit, by the general feeling of tho British people. Tho Colonial Office has, indeed, considerable power, but within ?well defined limits. 'For the present evil, therefore, so far' as it is an "evil, a remedy must bo sought lesa in the working' of the Colonial department, and more in the spirit which animates that working. The proposed conference would have little effect in that direction, and would probably divert public attention from the tiuo but moro difficult remedy. We are reluctant, indeed, to seem to dis couiage, even in the slightest degree, the dibits which our zealous and pa- triotic'Mends ate making* iu behalf of the colonies, Wo, fully appreciate their lionouiable and disinterested services, and wo trust that they will never permit themselves, through disappointment'or apparent want of sympathy, ,to weary in their good work. But we venture to offer these gentlemen a -suggestion. If they îeally want to control' the Colonial Office,' let Hiern form a"" colonial party in Parliament. ' Most of those who are interested in this subject have means and leisure sufficient to1,enable them to seek, with advantage to them- selves and to the nation, 'seats in the House of Commons, If even a few members would give their attention es- pecially to colonial affairs, and would on such questions act in conceit, and with a unanimous vote, their power would Boon be felt, public sympathy would be aioused, and the haid heart of the Colonial Ministen would quickly relent beneath the influences to which its nature is amenable. ' We îogret that the debate on iMr. Hjoinbotham's resolutions in the Legis- lativo Assembly has not closed before the departure of ' the mail. Wo do not wish that thorc should be even a tempoiary doubt as to the public feeling concerning them. Mr. IIigin BOÏHA3I has overshot the mark. The manifest, personal feeling that pervaded his whole speech, and the bitter sense of defeat on the great Darling strife (hat still îankles in his mind, are so apparent as to disqualify him, even in the eyes of his warmest admirers, for the office of guide on a subject so delicate, and to him so initating. His coarse and unprovoked attack upon the " absentee " colonists," and his 'ludicrous exaggera- tions of our dependent condition, alien- ated the sympathy of men who once hung upon his words. His childish and absurd remedy, which he an- nounced with such parade as an in- fallible specific, that the colonial Ministry should correspond with the home Government directly and without the intervention tof the Governor, and his extiaordinary delusion about the Governor being " an independent sove " reign," must have effectually destroyed whatever small remains of confidence his party might previously have placed in him as'a constitutional adviser. ni« long and elaborate speech fell, flat upon the ear- of the House, and up to the present time lias boen faintly and feebly supported. His resolutions, indeed, apart from their needless and insulting expres- sions, admit of a ready reply. He alleges, in the first place, that the interests of_ a free people can be safely entiusted to" the repiesentatives only of that people. Mr. Duri-y pointed out that the proposition > is untrue, foi that these interests , are often and of necessity entrusted' to plenipoten- tiaries ond other diplomatists. The second resolution admits the obliga- tion of this country to provide for its o\\\ n defences at its own cost, and by its own forces. ' This proposition also, is too wide, for it pledges tis in effect to accept np assistance in a war into which we might be drawn by England without our consent and against our wishes. The third resolution denies the right of the English Parliament to interfore by legislation in our domestic affairs. The constitutional rule on this point is quite clear. Nothing is more certain than that that Parliament has by law the power to legislate as it thinks fit for this or any other colony. But it is well understood that this power is rarely and only in cases of emergency, exercised in any country that has representative institutions. Nor have we any reason '¡to complain -of any British legisla- tion that affects us since the Constitu- tion Act was conferred upon us. So far therefore, as this resolution asserts a' proposition of law, it is not true. So jfar.as.it implies a practical grievance .it is not supported by a single fact! The fourth resolution denounces the practice of the Colonial Secretary send- " ing instructions, except in the case of reserved bills, to' the Governor, and doclaies ,that the present practice ia de- rogatory to the independence of the Queen's representative. It is cnon»h to say "of this resolution that it depends upon the doctrine that the Governor is an independent sovereign-a doctrine which' we do not think this country ig prepared to accept, ' apd upon ' whick neither the Governor, nor the Secretary of State is likely to act. The last reso- lution proposes 'that , tho Assembly should- pledge itself to support ? the Government in the assertion' of the exclusive right of the colonial Parlia- ment to legislate for the colony, and to " put an early and final stop to tho " unlawful interference ;of the Colonial " Office." This is merely consequential upon the two preceding resolutions, and does not therefore require further con- sideration. Wo need; only observe that the "unlawfulinterference" relates merely to the ordinary instructions given to the Governor. . " Whatever may be the result of the' present movement "respecting t¡he rela- tion^ of the colonies aud .the' United Kingdom, wo at least have no angry feelings in the matter. , We believe that, in the words of Mr. Diutv, "thora "is not under the canopy of heaven' " a country which enjoys personal and " political liberty in greater perfection ¡" than Australia does at this moment." :We have but one wish, to continue iu the enjoyment of thatinestimable bless- ing, and to dwell under our gracious ¡Queen's benign rule.in unity and mu itual confidence with our brethren aud fellow subjects ' in England. We are ?quilo prepared to bear our. full share in the expenses of the Queen's govern- ment. If there is any doubt as to the amount of that share, wc ;n o ready to discuss the matter at any convenient time with the proper* Imporial authori- ties. Our fellow-colonist3 in London cm 'do us np better service than by making known these sentiments, aud by per- suading English people that while we have from necessity . a sépante ma- chinery of government, we look upon ourselves as truly Britons as though we continued to live in 'Lancashire, or in Cork, or in the Lothians. Nothing but the most extreme misgovemment can force us into separation. Nothing but incredible infatuation will ever induce England to cast us olF. The Australian' squatter enjoyed a very long period of uninterrupted pro- sperity. Sole occupier of the ,ricK na- tural pastures of the country, he raised meat and wool at very moderate prices, ' and enriched himself by supplying the former to the ever increasing local popu- lation, while disposing* of the latter in , foreign markets. It is difficult to imagine a plcasanter life than he led while tho good times lasted." Abundantly sup pliedj with the means of procuring almost every comfort and luxury which the heart of man 'could / desiro, and haying ample leisure in which to enjoy the amusements or pursue the studies that were congenial to his tastes, he saw his flocks and herds inorease under Ids eyes, while every passing year added to his balance at the bank. But this condi- tion of things was too goodi to last. The gold discoveries led to a great in- flux of population, and before longthe toe of the digger pressed hard upon the heel of the squatter. ' Land was required for agricultural settlement, and the great sheep runs were shorn of their vast pro- posions. Then 'there came a series of dry seasons, which greatly diminished . the productiveness of the land that re- mained in the hands of the pastoral tenants, and threatened many of their number with absolute ruin. Nor was this all that they had to contend with. Increased production, not only in Australia, but in New Zealand, in the Cape colony, in Buenos Ayres and other parti-, of the world, caused an over supply of wool, and the price of that commodity declined so rapidly that the affairs of our wool growers began to look very serious indeed. t One English, mail brought out the news that a fall in the price of wool of no less than threepence a pound had taken place, and this intel- ligence caused great uneasiness, not only to our woolgrowere thomselves, but also to our' mercantile and financial insti- tutions, all of which are more or less interested in squatting property, and would suffer greatly' if its value were to be seriously and permanently impaired. This fall in the piice of wool caused much anxious discussion here, as it did also among interested parties in England, and hore, as well as there the arrange- ments under which, foreign wool is sold in London were alleged to bo one cause of the decline. On Tuesday last there was a meeting of wool-growers, wool merchants, brokers, and others in- terested in the subject, convened by the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, at which it, was resolved that the interests of Australian wool-growers would' be furthered by the holding of more fre- quent wool sales in England, and that the presout mode of selling wool shouldba inquired into with ayiew to the adoption of abetter system. To carry out this reso- lution,, a number of gentlemen resident in England were appointed a committee to represent Victoria, and co-operate with committees appointed by tho other colonies in conferring with the com- mittee of merchants which regulates the sale of wool by public auction in Lon- don, and in otherwise protecting the interests of the Australian wool-grower. The questions which the joint committee will have to consider are three in num- ber, namely, whether monthly sales should not be established ; whether our wool could not be Bold more advan- tageously by private contract than in the auction-room ; and whether the com i mission and storage charges to which tim wool grower is at present subjected Blight not be considerably reduced. About the last of these there need not hu much discussion. No attempt has cver been marie by the London brokers to systematise the colonial wool trade, and 600,000 or 700,000 bales are now je3!t nilli every year in much the same mdi'intr that wa3 in vogue when the annual importation was no more than 20 OliO or 30,000 bales. A change of svíte"* i-i imperatively necessary, and wolii/-^ no doubt the joint committee will lil"! means to bring this about-a change of system, we mean, which will tend to concentrate the foreign wool market, and put an end to the frequent and costly handlings and removings to which our wool is at present subject after it »rrives in London. The remaining questions aro more difficult to answer satisfactorily. The auction system has the great advantage of publicity, and tho direct competition lo which it gives rise can scarcely fail to prove ben oficial to the seller. It is to* |jo observed, too, that wool differs from other -commodities in being more varying and uncertain in its qualify. Thorè are many Austra- lian growers whoso wool ia of almost uniform excellence, and whose pro- duce there is little need to examine. But there is a much greater number whose brand« give no certain informa- tion, and the manufacturers therefore find it necessary to ascertain the qua- lity of the wool which they purchase by actual inspection. There may como a timo when Australian wool will be sold by sample, or by descrip lion of quality. When first-rate stock ]ms been more generally introduced, and a uniform mode of treatment and of jircparation fur the market have been adopted by our v/ool-growors, our wool will become an ordinary article of import, and will of course be sold by private contract, if its owners prefer that mode of dealing with it. But, in the meantime, the auction system seems to he best. The meeting of Victorian woolgrowers lo which we have already referred, was of opinion that there should bo more frequent sales, but did not go so far as to recommend that these should be held bo often as once a month. Nor would the facts before the meeting have justified it iiigoine so far. Indeed this branch of the subject has not yet been fully argued out, and the joint committee will have to obtain further information before it will bo able to decide the question at issue. Another import- ant point is suggested by the letters which have appeared in the English and Hie Anstialian newspaper., on the sub- ject of the London wool sales. The opponents of tin- existing system allego that the London brokers " manipulate'' Hie market improperly, causing a glut or a scarcity as suits their own pur- poses ; while the brokers reply that their interests are identical with the interests of the growers, and that the latter have been greatly benefited by the skilful mininer in which the former have regu- lated the markot. The practice has ' been to -withhold from sale all wool that ai rived in London after the beginT ning of a quarterly auction sale-to keep it back for three months; and the /brokers say that this has tended to pre- vent over-supply and to maintain prices, lint it may be questioned whether this power to sell or hold over is not capable of being abused. Between principal and agent it is of course necessary that full confidence should exist . and it is generally best for the former to entrust Hie latter with a large discretionary power. But it will be for the joint committee, to consider whether in this particular case too much power has not been exercised by the brokers ; and we "hope that they will give their best at- tention to this as well as to the other branches of the important inquiry with which thoy have been entrusted. Sahnday Was tho finishing day of tho Spring Meeting of 1809, and differed from (.lie «levions two dnjs in being delightfully uno as regarded the weather. Tho attendance was large, and not very much behind the Cap day in some respect'i. In. sport it scarcely carno up to Friday, bu t two, ab least, of tho contests weie exciting. For tho All-Aged Stakes, only linee out of six carno to the post, and tbey were placed-Charon 1, Traverton 2, and Peeress ¡J. The noit race was tho Ûakc3 Stakes (Oalcs it ahould be, if, as in the case of the "Derby," the V.E.C. havo gone to 1'ngland 'for ti name), and Kestrel carno in first, -Lily second, and Gildeioso third. The V.U. G. Handicap was won by an out- sider, Lapdog, with Sir John second, and 1'lio'bo third. Reindeer carried off thosteeple cliase, with his stable companion Babbler t-econd. and Leona third. Several falls oc- curred, but happily nobody was seriously hurt. In the Queen's Plato Charon defeated tho Cup winner Warrior, and Strop wag third. The speotatois appeared much pleasod with tho result. Strop's jockey entered a protest against the other two horses for jostling, but it was uotsustnined. Another of Mr. Fisher's horses, Albany, carried off the Free Handicap, Poison heingsecond, and Norma third. This ended a meeting which, but for the weather on two that lias ever occurred on Ii'lomington course. Bvcn thing was vory pleasantly managed, cicept perhaps that tho representativos of tho press were encumbered a little, in the dis- charge of theil- dudes through not being favoured with' tickets of equal worth to thoso issued to tho public, for once insido tho eland enclosure, it beramo a sort of prison to thom, unless they chose to forego tho chance of getting in again. By the limo the noxt mooting comos round, no doubt the matter will have been provided for, and the duty of reporting not made un- necessarily difficult, not to say unpleasant. To-morrow, being tho birthday of the Prince of "Wales, will -bo observed in the various public offices as a holiday. An officer will bo D attendance at the Custom-houso, however, till noon, for the purpose of entering and waring vessels whose papers .have boen passed to day. The Royal Society holds its second ordinary meeting of tho session this evening, and offers »musuallyinlorcstingmatterforconsideration. .^''.Sydney Gibbons will read a paper on .HT^'n ttr an ^ ?A*r*P0'ii0ninS in Melbourne, " and .Mr. J. Cosmo Newbery another on the "Oc- currence and Treatment of Sulphuret3 in Auriferous Quartz." The Government astronomor reports : Tho weather during the past weok was lint and pleasant on the 31st and 6th; very hot and sultry on tho 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, uutil noon of the 4th, when the wind went round to M'., with rain-squalls towards evening. Wowing fresh aud cold on tho Gth. The lushest temperature in tho Bhade. 83°, wai Mgistered on tho 3rd ; the lowest, 483, or thi «norning of tho 31st. Tho highest rcadinj of the barometer, 30-05Cin., occurred on ti« morning of the Mat during a calm ; tlie lowest, 39,702in., on the morning of the 4th, with strong wind from K.N.E. Lightning was seen in S.W. and "W. on the ovening of the 2nd. The rainfall during the weok amounts to OlOin., making the total since the beginning of the year, 21,4Gin.1 as compared with lö'20in. during the samo period in 1808 ; 21'C3in. during the same po /iod in 1807 ; 18'71in. during the same period in 18C6 ; 13-94in. during the same period in 1865 ; 24'73iii. during the sume period in l&li4; ; 26'72in. during the same period in 1803; 20'ouin. during the same period in 1802; 25'33in. during the same period in 1861; 18M8in. during the same period in 1800; 19'81in. during the same poriod in 1859; 10'ö3in. during the samo period in 1858; or an average of 2014in. With respect to the massacre which is alleged to have occurred at Fiji, a correspon- dent expresses his belief that it will turn out to be that the French barque Morea most probably owned in Tahiti, and with permission from the French Government to introduce this class of labour-was collecting natives for the cotton plantation at Tahiti, and that neither Queensland nor Fiji was directly interested in this unhappy misun- derstanding between the whites and the poor islanders. The unfortunate youth, William Adarns.is now entering tho fourth month of his son tence of seven years' imprisonment (the first year in irons) for a capital offence on the per- son of his'feister, a girl of under IO years of agc. The "medical evidence upon which tho prisoner was convicted has since been con- troverted by the certificates of 11 doctois of pminence in theprofession, and of large practice jn this city, and we now leam that the opinion of these gentlemen is' being 'supported by a memorial, in course of signature, to which the names of over 20 of the leading members of tho faculty arc already attached, praying for tho clemency of the Crown under the peculiar cirnimstanees of this painful case. Backed hy this expression of opinion, and by tho de- claration by the jury of a desire to recall their Veidict, we may look forward to the exercise of the lioyal prerogative on bohalf of tho lad, about whose crimiliality so many grave doubts havo arisen since the trial. We leam that the memorial will be very numer- ously signed before it is presented to His Excellency the Governor. The attendaiifo at the usual weekly meeting of the Aitisans'.School'of Design last Friday evening was smaller than it bos been for sotno iimc back, owing, no doubt, to its being the 5th of November. There were, however, more than 80 pupils present-a fact which, of itself, considering the various attractions of t> at evening, speaks much for £he persever- ance and earnestness of these young people. During the ovening a donation of drawings fi oin tho antique was ' received from Jlr. Hines of the Fine Arts Gallery, in Collins.-strect. These drawings, which in dwled copies of various portions of tho Elgin marbles nnd one of the Apollo Belvidere, were much appreciated for toaehing purposes, on account of their purity and firmness of out- line. "We hope to see Mr. Hines's example ex- tensively, followed, as persons who have good drawings could in no manner moro practi- cally serve tho interests of the school than by donations of this kind. The order in the different classes continues to be admirable, and the pupils ato, in the majority of cases, making as much progress as can be reason- ably expected. The morn, however, we seo of the school, tho more convinced we are that the progress will bo slow till means are pro- vided for holding the cjasses oftencr in tho week. , The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of ii new Roman Catholic church at .Eraerald-hil], 'dedicated to St. Peter ami St. Paul, took place yesterday in the presence of a lai go concourse of persons. The building, which.has been designed by Mr. T. A. Kolly, will bo in the decorated Gothic style, with modifications of a'modern character. The main portion of tho edifice will bo built in bluestone. ashlar, and, judging from the plans, will 'present a very haudsomo exterior. The entrance will ' be from tho west, a tower surmounted by a spiro and projecting some distance from the line of frontage being erected at the north- west angle. The 'estimated cost of tho building, when complete, is £8,500, capable of affording accommodation to over 1,000 persons ; but the portion at present in pro gresi, it is anticipated, will involvo an outlay of only about £1,000. The stone was laid by tho Very Rev. Dean Fitzpatrick, assisted by tho Revs. Isaac Moore, J. V. O'sullivan, J. O'Driscoll, R. M'Cnrthy, and P. O'Mara, The children connected with the local orphanage, and thone attending day and 'Sunday schoolin tho old church, together with tho members of the Young Mon's and St, Patrick's Societies were present, and took a prominent part in the ceremony. At morning service, when the sermon was preached by the Itev. Isaac Moore, n collection was made in aid of the funds for the orection of the building, when over £200 was contributed. Subsequently that sum was largely supple- mented by donations laid upon the founda- tion- stone at the conclusion of the pro- ceedings. We regret to have to record the death of Mr. Charles Flaxman, J.P., who, for the last 16 years has held the appointment of comptroller and secretary to the com- missioners of savings banks in this colony. Mr. Flaxman was a gentleman of consider- able literary ability, of quiet unassuming manners, and was deservedly respected and esteemed by all who knew him. His loss will be keenly felt by many friends in this and in the neighbouring colony. He landed at Ade- laide in 1838, and came to Melbourne in 1853. His late brother, Mr. William Flaxman, was among the earliest settlers in South Australia, having arrived there in 1836. While our South Australian neighbours are looking to their Government to foster their trade with India, private enterprise in this city is bringing our colonial products pretty extensively into notice in British India. The large clipper ship Penthesiloa cleared tho Heads on Satuiday with a considerable cargo of redgum railway sleepers, cut on the Murray, and conveyed to Williamstown by railway, making the fourth ship which has conveyed sleopers as deadweight, under Mr. Acldand's contract-the runjaub, Francis Thorpe, Marposia, and tho Penthcsileai having taken over 22,000 sleepers. The Penthesiloa also takes 140 horses, shipped half each by Messrs. Cavanagh and Macklin, of this city, who have selected a valuable bhipment of horses from tho best studs in this colony and Riverina, spucially to meet the wants of tho Calcutta Remount Committee, who, in this shipment, will havo tho choico of some of the best blood and bono in horseflesh tho colonies can produce. The arrangements for ventilation, from tho ship's great size, nro all that could be desired ; and the fittings, erected by Mr, Lamont, were highly approved by parties interested in this now rapidly in- creasing trade. The Penthesilea's cargo will represent, in round numbers, about £8,400 worth of colonial produce. An action of an unusual character was tried in the Supreme Court on Saturday. Mr. Alfred Harris, who was for a few wooka in 1803 a partner in the firm of Lyons . and Harris, auctioneers, sued tho National Bank for £1,272 7s., paid to the bank under the fol- lowing circumstances :-Lyons and Harris Laving becomo embarrassed in business, a meeting of creditors was called, at which arrangements wore made for Harria to pay 8s. in tho £1. The bank manager, however, declined to accept kss than 15s. ; and as Harris did not wish to go through j the Insolvent Court, ho agreed to pay tho required amount. The other creditors vrero ignorant of this transaction, and they and the bank signed the deed releasing tho plaintiit from his debts. Harris gave the bank bills for tho 15s., for which Mr. li!. Davis bo onine security, Davis himself being secured by a transfer to "him of some freehold property. The plaintiff's bills to the bank were mot at maturity, tho security to Davis wa<3 obtained from him, and Harris brought ' on action to recover from the bank tho amount they received in excess of tho compo- sition paid to the general creditors, it being contended that the payment was mado not voluntarily but under compulsion. Tho jury returned a verdict for tho plaintiff, holding that the payment was involuntary. In the New Court' on Saturday, tho caso of Marshall v. Swanwick, was resumed and con- cluded. It was an action to recover damages for 'an alleged intrusion by the defendant, a director of the Kyneton Gas Company, upon the occupation and premises of the plaintiff -the lessee of tho gasworks. A verdict was returned for the plaintiff, damages Is. As Tuesday is a holiday*, the jurors summoned for that day noed not attond until Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock. ''' It is quite a noticeable feature in connoxion with the late racing meeting, that the charge sheet nt the City Police Court has not been materially incroased. Scarcely a caio has coree before the Court that could fairly be traced to the raco meoting, with the exeep-' tion of some half-dozen itinerant gamblers;" and last night the list of charges at tho watch house did not number one-half the usual Satuiday night's complement. On Saturday rooming a sorious row botwixt some men occurred on tho farm of Mr, Far- rington^ in'tho Pentridgo district, in which one of them, named John'King, got his skull fractured. From tho infuimalion to hand it appears that a dog-fight was taking place, and that owing to a belief that ono of the dogs was not getting fair play, hot words . ensued between two of the bystanders, load-, ing to a sudden blow from a hay-fork being inflicted on King, which stretched him sense less. Dr. Thos. Talbot Was soon in atten- ' dahec, and on his certifying as to the im- mediate dangor to life, the assailant was ap- prehended and lodged in gaol. A well-known character, who has earned his living about town for some time past'by selling "all the new and popular songs of the day," met with nn accident coming homo from tho races on Saturday week-he was run over by a cab, and sustained a compound fracture of the leg. On being taken to tho Melbourne Hospital it was found necessary to amputate the limb. Owing to the manner in which the'unfortunate man bad lived, but small hopes" were entertained of his 're- covery.' He gradually sank, and died yester- day morning. ' The qrickqt match plajcd on Saturday after noon on the East Melbourne ground, between the Corio and local clubs, attracted a con- siderable number of spectators. The game was won easily'by the local team, the scores being 124 to 78. . The East Molbournites [who most distinguished themselves with tho bat were Riggall (not out) 32, Moodio 17, Engle- ston l8, and Allee 14. Tho best scorers for Corio 'were Riddle with 2G, and Wills 35. Reid for East Melbourno bowled 120 balls for 37 runs, 4 maidens, f> wickots ; and Wills, on the other side, bowled 174 balls, 9 maidens, for 40 runs fi wickets. Tho first eleven match between tho South Melbourne and Richmond Club3 wa3 played out on Saturday, South Melbourno making a very respectable show, notwithstanding thoir ill luck of the previous week. Tho Rich mondites having lost'sovon*wickets for 91 runs when the game was adjourned last week, continued their innings, and lost tho lemaining three wickets for one run. South Melbourno then commenced their second innings to tho bowling of Cosstick and Darke, and succeeded in scoring 99runs with tho loss of seven wickets, Wheatley,'with 41 (not out), heading the score. Baker, Gray, and Blair also played well, scoring 13, 14, and 11 re- spectively. Conway, Osborne, and M'Claro being absent, South Molbourne was declared all out, leaving their opponents 20 to win, which numbor they socured with tho loss of one wicket. The second elevon match, played at South Melbourne, resulted in an easy victory for the local club The match between the Carlton and South Yarra Clubs, which was played at Carlton, resulted in a decided victory for Carlton by 11Ö runs and eight wickets. Mr. Gibson, late ' of the Melbourne Club, has becomo a mem- ber of tho Carlton, and considering his well known abilities in the crickot-ûold, ho will make a considerable addition to the Carlton cloven. A match was played botweon tho Collingwood and Surroy Clubs, which resulted in a draw, tho scores being-Collingwood, 87 ; Surroy (with scvon wickets down), 70. For Collingwood T. Smart, lloilly, and Suantck contributed38,15, and 12. ForSurroy, Kondall and Blair were the highest scorers, with 29 > and 2S. " Of all tho numerous humbugs of tho day," remarks the Ballarat Star, "the Sir Charles Dariing humbug, as promulgated by Mr. Higinbotham, is tho most silly and most transparent. We aro constantly told that 'poor Sir Charles' was a defender of our rights as against the home Government, whorcas he actually declared that he could raise and spend our money on the moro authority of his commission, and put this forward as a reason for assenting to the borrowing of money from the banks. If a Governor could do what Sir C: Darling thought ho could do, wo should have good ground indeed for complaint ; but tfan there bo a more exquisito piece of humbug than to hold up to admiration a man who so far misunderstood his relations to our Parlia- ment, and claimed power for tho homo Government ton times »moro tyrannical than anything which arouses the fury of Mr. Higinbotham?" The latest sample of colonial " chook" is Supplied by Mr. K. O'Farrcll, tho mayor of Craigie,'who is stated by tho Maryborough Advertiser '"to have privately directed the town clerk of his borough to writo a lottor to the Minister' of Justico, purporting to ema- nate from tho council, rocommonding his noble worship as a jnstico of tho peace for the Bet-Bet district ! Only that, and nothing more ! ' On Wednesday, at tho ordinary meot- ing, at which Mr. O'Farroll was unavoidably absent, tho council expressed its entire dis- approbation of the peculiar action he had taken," The Banner of Belfast states that Mr. H. Molesworth will bo invitod to stand for a western constituency at the next gonoral elections. Wo beliovo Warrnambool is the constituency indicated. Animadverting upon the bad tasto ex- hibited by Mr. Higinbotham in his strictures upon absentee colonists, the Bendigo Adver- tiser obsorves-" Theio aro Victorian colonists in England, some of them known to Mr. Higinbotham himself, who aro as incapable as he is of tuft-hunting, and who havo gratoful remembrance of the country which has given them tho means of enjoying the luxury of Knglish civilisation, and it may bo the advan- tages of English climnto and professional skill for debilitated constitutions. We arc by no means'disposed to regard this proposal of a conference as a picco of presumption. Wo havo no right, at all events, to deny that it is ¡well meant, evon if wo consider it absurd and .impracticable. But is it so very absurd ? Wo 'imagine that no body of colonists in England would constitute themsolves spokesmen for the colony without having been duly authorised, and tho utmost they would do , would bo to agrco upon certain principios which "should regulate tho relations between the colony and the mother country, and if the principles were not approved, why there would bo an end of tho matter. We admit that there are some grounds for believing that our follow-colonists in London havo views on the subject not exactly in accord- ance with those of the popular party in the' \ colony. But it_ is a curious fact, which is attested'by all co1o7,ist,3 we haivo conversed with who have visited England, that those who in the colony are anti-democratic and oppose the popular party, in England, as a rule, defend the democracy of tho colony, and draw comparisons between pqlitical and \- social life in England and in Victoria by no means to the advantage of the former." " It is very much to be regretted," observes the Ballarat /Star, "that the debate on out relations with Great Brituin should have boen initiated by a man smarting under a sense of complete defeat, and upon resolutions, not only couched in almost insulting language, but quilo inadequate to meet the case. The home Government has done nothing to excito our anger, but, on the contrary, a groat deal to win our respect, and surely we could hardly show worse tasto and greater folly than to throw down a challengo to battlq when a «in- stillation is all that is required. The debate, the further it proceeds, only serves to provo how little the whole cose is yet-understood If the lesolutions propose'! (vy Mi. Higin bothnm were agreed to at once, and if Mr. Macpherson was to ' send1 homo his defiance by tho very next mail, the difliculties of tho question wou'd not have been got rid of, but only huvj-beon made 10 times greater than thoy now are. In the place of an open question between tho two countries, which may be settled after careful consideration and calm discussion by British statesmen, theie would be an insolent de- fiance, which wonld load either' to an angry reply or a contemptuous notification that wo could suspend diplomatic relations as soon as wo plowed, and take the consequoncos. If Mr. Higinbothara and the few who seem in- clined lo follow him are aiming at separation, and separation in the rhostunfiiendlyfnshion, they aio doing precisely what will bring it about; but if, as they say, thejjjonly desire'an nmkablo adjustment of conflicting claims, then they must retract and lecoramcnce in quite another spirit." ' ' , "With reference to Mr. G. B.'Smith's clumsy essay at law-making, the Ovens Spectator observes ¡-"Might we venture to suggest to Mr. Smith that the British poor man will not ' be robbed of his beer,' but if he cannot get it at licensed public-houses will get it at sly grog shanties? There was a time when the prohibitive principle had full swing. In the early days of the Victorian gold-fields there wore no licensed hotels, but sly-grog shanties abounded, and those who recollect anything about those haunts of sin, vice, and crime, filth, blasphemy, and degradation, can tell Mr. Smith that, bad as he may think tho licensed public-houses now, almost any one, even the worst (in the country at least), of tho latter would be a home of purity and morals compared with most of the former. You may pass what laws you like, Mr. Smith, but unless the people have higher views, purer feelings, and more elevated tastes, than they possess at present, you will not make them any tho better by all your legal ma- chinery. You will only make tbe evil more dangerous by keeping it out of sight. There is no doubt that something may be done in improving the 'character of many of our public-houses ; but that something must be done in another way. On the whole, Mr. Smith's bill, though it has passed its second reading, must be pronounced by all intel- ligent men who are 'at all acquainted with the subject, a lamentable failure;." According to the Ballarat Star, " a good deni of excitement has been caused at Clunei and the surrounding locality by the, revela- tions that have been made relative to Mr. Millor's conduct at the Land Oflice, and, should the report of the Lands Inquiry Com- mittee bo what is expected, there is very little doubt that, that Renfleman will be asked hy his constituents to mtire into privato life, and not in futuro weary himself by making 'proper íepresontatiom.' " ' Writing upon the subject of( our relations with Great Britain, the Mount AluMnder ilfaii )einark3 :-"As it stands, from acolo nial point of view, the question is apt one foi, this or that colony to solve by it's individual qxcrlions, and to suit its individual propen- sities, because all the colonies alike aie in tciested in it. Victoria may discuss it, but the interests and the wishes of Now South Wales and South Australia must ho invoiced to determino it. The wholo Australian group, in fact, is concerned ,'m it, if not the whole colonial empire of Groat Britain, liarl Gran ville's despatch was-not indited for the edifi- cation of Victorian lotislators alono, arid tho roply to it must bo ajuntcrcoloni'al and not a Victorian document., Whether a conference on the subject will be held to fíame it, as Mr. Duffy would seem to anticipate, or by what other medium the expression of' the wishes of the colonists ma^ find vent, tho resolutions of the Victorian parliament aro not likely to bo accepted in Downing-streot as the final utter- ance of the Australian group." i A cu>ifmspiece,of statistical'information, to which is attached a most m'olancholy inte íest, is contributed to a Ballarat paper by a Mr. Dawson, who appears to havo takon o good deal of troublo in collecting his lccords1. Ho shows that since the 1st of August te the 31at of December, 1R07, and then from the 1st of January to the 31st of Docember, lrfOS, a period in all of 17 months, 90 men wero killed, and Cj3 were scrioijily injured in our mines. \ "Mr. Parker, of Parramatta," writes the ' Sydney Morning Herald, "reriontly noticed in the neighbourhood of that lown a younp gum trco almost entirely covenjd with small red, trumpet like ex'ciesconces.l' Struck with the slrango appearance of tliotrep, Mr. Pavkoi was induced to mako somo inquiry into the subject, and it was ascertained that the oxtra oidinary phenomena had boen occasioned by the male larvte of a gall-making cocqus, which in countless numbera wore at- tacking the leaves and branches of the tree. Mr. H. L. Schroder, -who some time sinco devoted considerable attontion to the study of our Coccidm, and pnhlishcd an olaho rale paper respecting ,thom in the trausanl tions of the Entomological Society of New South Wales, discovered these insects on o branch of the white gum (ËMolyplut hamasloma), and rçfeircd .thom to tin genus Brachjihclh. Ho states ' that tin Ooocidre, when thoy' appear) in gieai numbers, becomei vory desli activo to tht young Eucalyptus brariohos, and that hi 1ms noticed whole' patches of ground, oftot 100ft. square, where tkoyoung trocs had beer totally destroyed by the attacks of the specie: in question, which he named B. ovkula, I nppenrs that tho trees'most frequently in jurcd by^ the coccus aro E.hamadoma, (tin ,whito gum), E. corymbosa, (blood wood), ant Angophora lanceolata (rod gum), hut the trei recently noticed by Mr. Parker .is E. kemi phloia] and it is probable that other species ari similaily aflVctcd. As in sorte parts of Aus Iralia, the i\ork of destruction is ëoing oi amongst oui «um trees, and wholo-forests ar perishing from somo uiiknowncauae, itmigh bo useful to ascertain how far tho result ma; be attributed to ¡tho ravages of 'the cocciu According to the late eminent entomologist Mr. W, S. Macleay, F.L.S., 'These insects although smaller in size, have a close relation to the manna-producing insect of the interior which likewise makes galls on the leaves of eucalyptus, and to the manna-producing in- sect of Mount Sinai, which covers the tamarisk leaves in the neighbourhood with galls. He then adds in the letter, still in the possession of Mr. Woolls, of Parramatta, 'No part of the Australian entomology is so, worthy of at- tention as our manna, and the insects that produce it. They have considerable affinity to the wax insect of China, and some also to the cochineal, although the latter affinity is rather distant.' " The Theatre Royal was extremely woll a tended on Saturday ovoning, and the pe formances, which iiicludod the favourite pla of "Tbc Lady of Lyons" and tho burlosqt of " The Maid and the Magpie, Were receive 'with great favour tluoughnut. Mid. Steele, who has happily recovered from the recent accident, makes hor ie-appearanco this even- ing with Horr Bahdmaun in Othello. Tho Duke of Edinburgh Theatre was fairly attended on Saturday night, when the prin- cipal announcement contained in the 'pro grammo was the appearance of Mr. Frank Drew in two now characters, supported by tho members of the Theatre Royal Company, u ho havo apparently been drafted off to support the entertainments at this House. Tho first piece was the musical drama of "Monsieur Jacques," in which several actors have distinguished themselves in Vic-, torio, notablyr-Mr. Craven, who gave a veiy fino rendering of tho leading part ; a broken-English-speaking Frenchman, demon- stratively pathetic ; and, ' perhaps, noxt to_ him mayi be' mentioned tho representa-, tion of Mr. Stuart O'Brien, who was not uniformly successful in his acting. Mr. Drew, if he is well advised, ' will re- peat his( Saturday's .performance, whjph gave great-,satisfaction, ¡and upon socond view will perhaps bo doomed of much worth. The great Irish drama " Rory O'More" was tho jiiece de résistance. 'Mr. Drew's ropro tentation of Lover's koón-wittcd, blundering, whole-hearted Jicro, has been already wit> ncssed at the Theatre Royal, and its merits were last night properly acknowledged by the audience.' The previous caste, too, was not gitatly altered',, so that' tho task of criticism han been already performed. i Mr. Chapman's magical sdancestat We3ton's Opera-house hilve proved so attractive that theio was a'crammed house on Saturday last. This gentleman, as a " wizard," has showmhat he cafa roíain the attention of an audience l)y his utterances, as well as surpriso them by his tricks, but it is a great pity that he does not jmprove liis modo pi /speech, and omit certain " Yankqeiams," which aro not appre- ciated by a Victorian audience. His ring trick would mako up an "entertainment" of itself'it ia so elaborately bewildering. Tho boy who sits on tho stago blindfolded and describes that which is shown to Mr. Chapman in the body, of the room, manages his business very fairly, and there aro frequent amusing surprises arising from his rovelations. Tho novelty on Saturday was a man " tied up in a sack full of ghosts," tho meaning of which was that Mr. Chapman was carefully handcuffed bebind, tied up in a sack, in view of' tho audience, and then placed in a curtained íeccptacle on the stage, in which, however, when concealed, ho managed to bo ablo to perform on sevoral musical instruments and ring bolls. A num- ber of hands weio protruded from various parts of the curtains, and yet when the lattor were lifted thcro stood the performer alone, handcuffed as before, but freo from his sack. This trick is to bo'iepeatcd. Wc have received a r opyof Messrs. Mason, hirth and Co.'s Victorian Almanac for 1870, and of their 'Offi.ce Vûlnular for the same year. The formor is embellisho I by a coloured map of Australasia, and contain1- a complete postal and telegraphic guide, in addition te the ordinary, contents of an almanac, while the calendar is printed in such bold typo as to lender the information it contains visible fioin all parts of tho ollico in which it maj happen to be hung. Number of cases relieved weekly by the committee oi» tho Melbourno Ladies' Bonovo lent Society, for the fortnight ending No vember 2 ¡-Individuals, 1,701; families, 510 r-mnprising-widows, 208 ; sick and infirm 107 ; deserted wives, 59 ; wives whose hus bunds aro in prison, 7; wives whoso hus bands are absent, 20 ; wivos whose bus bands aro pailiallyemployed, 13 ; wives whos' husbands are unemployed, 0 ; aged couples 22 ; single women, 25 ; miscellaneous, 4. Out lay during tho foilnight in 1 relief of cases £170. "Industrial Home, Punt-road - In mates, 2!) ; expenses during the fortnight 112.1 Ss. 10d. ; earnings 1 during the fortnight £5 11s. Sd. Subscriptions during the fort night-John Benn, £2 ; David Young, £1 Is. Mr. Kuogge, £2 : William Downie, 10s. ; Tri anglo, lier Mrs. Cairns, £1. Contributions o blankets,! clothing, or money will be thank I fully received by Mrs. Cairns, Chalmer Manse ; Mrs. Haudlield, Sc.i Peter's Parson nae ; Mis. Rhind. . Victoria-street, Hollian! Mrs. Dunn, Little Lonsdalo-streot west, c any mumber.of committee. 