WALLAROO: WEDNESDAY, JAN, 27. A faxs quota to add to that long list of p jobs, so distinguishing a feature in the 4 history of the so-called democratic, but t ? in reality othlocratic government of these | colonies, has been unearthed and brought ^ " to light during the session which is now " so rapidly drawing to a close. Proofs f - have not been .--wanting to shew the absurdity 4? what, by a fiction of words, we areaccustomed to call our responsible and representative Government. A little inquiry and a small effort of ratiocination have only been needed to cause the truth to dawn upon the minds of hon. members that in a number of instances a public position has been prostituted to serve a private aim. These discovered laches have been dealt with in the time-honoured fashion. Such is the peculiar far-sighted ness, such the sagacity of the chosen of the people, that neat little pieces of Par liamentary pettifogging are never found out till it is too late to remedy them. The Ministry of the day is invariably able to sheet home the responsibility to a previous one, the members of which have peeled off the thin skirting of responsibility they ever wore, and left it on the Treasury benches as a legacy to their successors. To every remonstrance, every querlous question, there is the one stock answer to be returned . the money is spentj arid all the arguments in the world cannot make it good again. Whether this eminently' unsatisfactory condition of our public I affairs should continue, is a question that persistently forces itself upon the minds of the people for an answer. Time, as it rolls along, sees a conviction dawning that this evil is not an inevitable one, that it is one to be guarded against and warded off. The idea is not deemed so chimerical and Utopian as it once was, that the faults of Ministers are turned into virtues by reason of their high posi tions. The country will demand that its servants shall conform in a measure to those principles of action which have been found necessary safeguards in the commercial world. That great and radical failing in our Constitution Act which allows any set of men who can by artifice, or by consent of their fellows, take pos session of the reins of Government, ^ exercise-control over-the annual dis-I bursement of half a million of money without being held liable for their defal cations and malfeasances, will be in time remedied. The judgment meted out by either Parliament when in session, or Constituencies when appealed to, will be pronounced wanting in that degree of speedy and unerring retribution which alone has been found to have a properly deterrent influence upon those who are liable to stray from the paths of rectitude. A voice hasibeen heard in both the Legis lative Council and Assembly, declaring that this alteration is urgently required ; and the member who takes steps to initiate the change will make a long stride towards being in the proud position of the most popular man of the day. The appointment of Mr GOYDER to solely manage every preparation for the i Northern Territory survey, was an appro- J priate counterpart to the gigantic job I this piece of business has been through out. It commenced with a job and apparently it will end with one. If the whole of Mr GTOTBEE'S preparations were made on the same scale that the Moonta and the Sea Hippie were chartered, some exceedingly pertinent and valuable infor mation might be afforded if the TREASURER were asked what had been the cost of the | expedition up to this date. The sum of £3000, an amount considerably in excess of what the vessel is worth, is to be paid for the use of the Moonta during, say, three to four months. Nearly one thou sand pounds a month must be a nice little sum for a coal hulk to be earning. If every one of - Mr-SIMPSON'S vessels could shew an equally favorable balance-sheet at the -end of the year, he would -at an early date be as rich as Croesus. This was job No. 1, and job No. 2 forms a fitting sequel. The Sea Bipple, sold from Adelaide a. few weeks ago, a vessel >well known in Adelaide to be utterly unsuit able for the service, was bought for £1,850; and, oh her return, condemned.' Indeed, we might say condemned before she did return, as information was volun teered in numerous quarters that it would be madness to think of dispatching her on such service. It is alleged that a cer tain member of the caucus, to whom the two Commissioners in the Cabinet owe their seats, has found a reward for his disinterested labours in thepurchase of this vessel at such an outrageous price. This is denied, but the contingency at least deserves notice as being a remarkable one. That there was a job somewhere is certain, but it is only with the servant of : the public that we are concerned. I"or j both the hire of the Moonta and the pur chase of the Bipple, some one deserves to i be brought to book in a court of law. Job ! No. 3 is the enormous and unnecessary cost entailed by the amoval of Mr JUSTICE BOOTHBY. Nearly £3000 have been ex pended on this, and there is no shadow of doubt £100 would have covered every /expense that oUght to have been in curred. If Ministers had arrived at the conviction that the Glovernor-in- Council had power to amove his late Honor, it is difficult to understand in what way £100 was needed, as there was an absolute cer tainty he would refuse to recognise the legality of the tribunal. Were any private individual to conduct his business after the fashion the late ATTOENEY-GTENEBAL adopted in the case we are alluding to, he would deserve to be locked up in a lunatic asylum. As there is no reason to believe Mr ANDBEWS is so deficient in intellectual power as such a supposition would imply, the conclusion is ineyitable that the whole affair was one gigantic job. Hon. members have stated in the House that an attempt has been made to make a job of the Adelaide and Grlenelg Railway Bill by gentlemen interested in rival lines, and the fact of such.sjzspic^ons being alleged proves that jf the proposed line is not a job, there are those who would have no objection to make one of it. So in the case of the Northern Ex tension Line. It has been hinted pretty freely that the tender for its construction is only part of a share jobbing transac tion. Whether this is the case, or whether it is not, it is plain the ideas of some hon. members have run on the possibility of making a job of the affair. And, if we wanted to fill up our list to an indefinite length, we should simply have to take up the items, one by one, that make up the excess of £147,000 expended- last year over and above the votes of the House. But we have said enough to demonstrate that a reform of the character indicated, is one most imperatively needed. We regret to have to announce the death of Mi J. Messent, of this township, who committed Buicide last night (Tuesday), about half - past eleven o'clock. Medical aid was soon on the spot, but without avail. An inquest will be held this (Wednesday) morning. Up to Tuesday, the 26th irust., we had a con tinuance of the delightfully cool weather that has been suohan extraordinary feature' in the summer this present year. Saturday was marked by what Saturday usually is on the Peninsula, a dust storm of unusual severity. We hear of one greengrocer who positively states that so blinding was the dust at Kadina that he lost sight of his horse and cart in the streets for some minutes. Yesterday (Tuesday) a north wind was blowing strongly, so we may expect to be reminded that the summer months have not yet passed away. In consequence of the resignation of their seats ut the Board, by Messrs Hay and'^Harvey, there was no meeting of the Auxiliary Destitute Board at Wallaroo this week. There Tere no cases for trial at the Local Court, Port Wallaroo, this week. It is satisfactory tobe able to say of the residents on the Pei^insula that the business in* the three Courts, of .Wallaroo, Moonta, and Kadina, does not occupy two hours per week. Every person will agree that it is better to have three palatial Court-Houses and nothing to do in them, than tohave adeibtincur-' ring, and : criminal poprdation, TOthout. / . the requisite machinery for putting the law in force. Upon the motion of Jfc FaDer, it has been resolved in theHouse of Assembly, notice should beforwarded to the Imperial Government that one company of soldiers will be a sufficient force to be stationed ill the colony for the future. The hon. member is to be, congratulated upon the unquestionable saving which will result- to the colony from his labour if his policy , is adopted. The. pity is that his motion did not go a little further in so salutary a course, and strike off the volunteer forced from the national .pay sheet. The money it costs could be infinitely better expended in promoting the arte of peace. The force is neither useful nor ornamentaL There is not the ghost of a shadow of the probability of a chacice of the colony being attacked by any more dangerous foes than aborigines, mosquitoes, or some other colonial product. Drilling is un doubtedly a fine preparation for meeting a trained force ; but it is of very little use against the irregular army by which alone we are theatened. The only value the colony at present gets for its money so expended, is, the exercise " playing at soldiering" gives to some of our wheezy privates and corpulent captains. These rotundant indivi duals may be benefited, their useful lives may be thu8_proIonged, bnt we fail to see why national money should be appropriated to other than national pnrposes. The market price of new wheat is steady at 4s per bushel at Port Adelaide. The accounts received from various parts of the country con tinue to entourage the belief that the harvest is an average one. Not so, we learn, has it been in other places. The Perth Inquirer states that 12,000 acres reaped there yielded only. 10,000 bushels, or less thkn one bushel peraere. This deficiency' was caused by the red rust, which appears to have attacked the crops in Western Australia in a similar manner to .that which it attacked ours last year. Possibly fjPj^psteni Aus tralia may require a little of our jsuigdnB stock which we are already puzzled to know what to do -" with. Some alarm was occasioned on Sunday, at Wallaroo, by a report that the mailman travelling betwixt Moonta and York Valley was missing. Xt appeared that the settlers in that district pay a man to fetch their letters and newspapers twice or thrice a week from Moonta, and, on Saturday morning, he left that township as usual. In the evening his ihorse amv&Taif; the" Valley with the mail, but .minus hisrider Sunday some one rode over the line o£rroute usually taken by the missing man, but i&faout; . seeing anything of him, and the news was then reported at the Police Station. The report gained currency that the saddle on the florae of the - missing man was stained, with blood, but this, little piece of sensational news appears to have been simply thrown in as colouring matter.. Apprehensions were somewhat calmed down by the fact being discovered, that when last seen he had with him a bottle of brandy, under 'the too. seductive influence of which it was just possible he might have become oblivious to snails and all sublunary affairs. Ks was suggested, so it appeared turned out to be the ease. Seijeant Wauhop and Police Trooper Stretton rode out to. investigate the matter, and they found that th& man had turned up sometime on Sunday nighty looking very much as if a bottle of «odft,^cajber: would be the most appropriate medininp for-him. We are informed that hit is not the nwiiiw-i, usually in charge, but an amateur.. We understand that at the Weslejpm Con ference, now sitting in Sydney, thepFollowing arrangements have been made for th|r Ministry in South Australia :-Adelaide, Circuit, Messrs Binks and Watkine; do., ^econd, Mr Knight; do., Third, Messrs Ijloyd^nd Casely j Clare, Mr Hnnter; Strathalbyq, Mr Bigg j Mount Gambler, Mr Smith. JFflir Victoria,"Mr Bennett has been appointed to Belfast, and Mr Millardto Sandhurst.. In the Supr^ppoiut, last week, the Chief Justice and Mr Justaee Q-wynne decided, that in the case of the appeal made by the Yelta Mir»«g Company agaiost the ( assessment for the Police rate at Moonta, the .property of the appellants was liable to be-assessed and rated. Mr Dewhirst, the second Inspector of Schoola has been occupied during the past and present week in visiting the Government schools on the Peninsula. The total number of children on the books, we are informed, is 1158; the total number v in attendance, -969. Mr Dewhirat complains of. the irregularis ofattendance as greatly frustrat ing theefforta of the teachers; and remarks that - many at the boys are taken from the schools and sent out to labour at. an age'.that would not be permitted were a. Factory Act, such as has been passed in England, in force in this colony. - Let it not be supposed^ that there is not ocea< sionaljy some fun in-the HouBe of Assembly, -On . ^Thursday all fhat was required to complete the tout ensenible of tlie character in which Mr Santo, the late Commissioner of Public Works, appeared, was the familiar stripes and parti-colored garment. The lion, member rose, to defend the outrageous waste of money by the late Government in amoving Mr Justice Boothby. In attempting to be severe upon the; .Attorney-General, he said-. ; "The hon. gentleman at the time said if they attempted to amove Mr Boothby, it would be the most expensive affair that could happen for the country." "Hear, hear," cried the Attorney-] General, and there was great laughter. The hon.! member went on-" It was difficult at the time to get a respectable member of the legal profession to undertake the duty. " Hear, hear" cried the Attorney-General, and again the House was con vulsed with laughter. But in the concluding portion of his speech the hon. member out- Philiped even Philip Santo. He said " Hon. members might talk of retrenchment in the Law Depart ment, but he could tell them no such retrench ment could take place so long as the present eystem existed, by which the Attorney- General; was allowed to be a member of Parliament. If the motion of the hon. member for Light, tabled ^ears ago, for the exclusion of the. Attorney General from Parliament had been carried, such a system of retrenchment might be adopted. The Attorney-General was too powerful, and exercised j too much influence in the Government. The! Ministry had not such control over him as they j ought to have." "Hear, hear," again mocked thej Attorney-General, and again the house went into | fits. Need we wonder, with such Commissioners,! at the gross way in which the office of the Publie Works is managed? Mr James Lang will sell by auction this day, the stock in trade and book debts of Mr Woods, greengrocer, Eadina. Particulars will be found j in our advertising columns. ' The general meeting of shareholders in the Poona Mining Company, was held on Friday last, Mr G. Young presiding. There was not a large I Company present, and after the report and state- j ment of expenses had been received, also Captain Cowling's letter, the retiring Directors, Messrs Young and Stuckey, and the Auditors, Messrs Wicksteed and Giles, were re-elected. Two applica tions for the reinstatement of forfeited shares were not acceded to. The local journal reports that the news from the Barossadiggingsjis still favourable. As neither it nor any other authority is able to tell of any satisfactory finds, the information supplied must be taken for what it is worth. The Daylesford Mercury says:-"A Chinaman at Slatey Creek, being on a fowl- stealing expedi tion, and at a loss to know where the birds were at roost, clapped his hands, and then imitated the crow of a cock. The challenge was immediately responded to by the chantileers in the neighbour' hood, who thus betrayed their sleeping-places to ±he cunning celestial." Mr Edwin Hopton, of Fyans-ford, writes to the: G-eelong Register to say that a tube-well was put down on his land for the purpose of obtaining a supply of pure water. The water was reached at j a depth of seven feet, but the tube vsi driven ? four feet lower, and consequently there were four feet of water in when the pump was put on. The water is slightly brackish, but possibly when j gLore piping is driven down pure water may1 he obtainable. The whole operation occupied 20 ewutee. j We have received a copy of the evidence taken by the Select Committee respecting the Volunteer Force. It contains 200 pages of closely printed matter, and after looking into it as much as we intend to, we only regret that the member of tli8 Assembly moving for the appointment of ths Committee, not to pay the expense of the re port. If this salutary rule were "observed, we should haye much fearer of those utterly useless inquiries m^e by Parliamentary Committees, and p.o one could object to a member having a Com . mittee at his own expense. " Many of the Chinese of the district," says the Mount JEkiamder 3£ail, "are- packing, up and preparing for the return trip to China. Scarcely .a train leaves without conveying large numbers of .Celestials. Cobb & Co.'s coaches from up-country yesterday; were in the morning loaded with Mongolians, all homeward bound- In a few years at most the Chinese will themselves have .solved the problem of the way to govern thwarby ; leaving none to be governed. But for the stringent^ regulations amongst them which prevents a man from leaving the colony in debt to his ceuntrymen .hundreds who have just enough to pay the expenses of the journey would take their depar , ture." ! It will be seen by an advertisement appearing jn another column, that a lecture will be delivered tliiB evening by the Rev. 3. Lloyd, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Wallaroo Mines; subject, " Ueeful Men." | The town correspondent of the Southern Argus thus writes on the purchase of the Sea Ripple by the Government"To show" how there are "wheels within wheels even in such simple trans actions as this, one of the surveyors f.ngng^A in Melbourne by our Miniatry to report on this vessel previous to her purchase was, or had been, vitally interested in her, and had been connected with this same abortion long before she left the stocks to take her place on the waters of Port Phillip as a Melbourne-built boat, and was per sonally acquainted with every bolt and board during her construction." The Angastown correspondent of the Register says .-" For some time the inhabitants of the township have seen and felt the necessity of having a flour mill erected; and, with a view to accomplish that object, several persons waited on Mr Gk F. AngaSj who expressed himself highly favorable to one being built under a Joint Stock Company with limited liability, and, with his accustomed liberality, gave such encouragement respecting the land for the site, &e.;, that they at once formed themselves into a Provisional Com mittee. They issued a prospectus also nailing a meeting of those favourable to the object, which was held at the New Inn, Angaston, on Monday evening, the 18th instant, and, considering the shortness of the. notice, it was well attended by farmers, storekeepers, and others. [Resolutions were carried to the effect that the meeting approved of the proceedings of the Provisional Committee, and considered it expedient at once to form a Company under the style of " The Angaston Flour-Mill Company, Limitedthat application for shares be received at once; that the Pro Visional Committee continue to act until the Com pany is formed; and that a meeting of share holders be called to elect Directors. The invita tion was warmly responded to by those present, upwards of 100 shares being taken up. The meeting then separated, with a determination to cany the attempt to a successful issue." It would appear that the gloomy apprehensions felt in some quarters, as to the future value of copper in the home market, are not shared by the proprietors of the Wallaroo Mining Company, j During the present week three additional furnaces j have been lighted at the Smelting Works; and, it is our pleasing duty to again congratulate the 2>esidents of this struggling township upon the addition, which this will make to the monthly pay sheet of the men employed. We may here mention in addition to the home news we haye already printed, that the Advertiser had a late telegram sent by Beuter to Greville and Co. stating that Wallaroo copper had been dealt in at £84, per ton. This news, shewing as it would do if correct, a remarkable advance in value, requires corroboration before it can be implicitly be lieved. The approaching laud sale at Kadina has afforded the Government an opportunity of prac-! tising that judicious retrenchment, and wise economy, which has been so distinguishing a fea ture in the administration of South Australian affairs during the past year or two. The sale is to take place in the large room at one of the hotels in the township. We believe there is not so suitable a TOO i for a large sale to take place in on the Peninsula j and, BO far, so good. It is true that the sale should have been at Wallaroo rather than at Kadina, inasmuch as there are ready means of communication to the Port from bothMoonta and Kadina; and the land to be sold is as near to Wallaroo as it is to. Kadina. But what we would direct attention to, is the fatuous manner in which the arrangements for the sale-have been conducted. The Government could not advertise the sale otherwise in the Gazette, but it could hire a room for it to take place in, when, we have no doubt, the pro-; prietor of the hotel would willingly have paid to have had the sale take place at his house. In the opinion of the Commissioner, the Gazette gives quite sufficient publicity to a sale, at which it is hoped miners who never seethe Gazette, who are probably ignorant of its existence, will be the principal bidders I Nor is there any reason for supposing that even those persons to whom the Gazette is sent will see the notice of the sale. The Gazette is sent gratuitously to a number of persons on the Peninsula, from whom we will engage to collect a cartload of unopened copies in a very short space of time. We have seen it lie unopened on the tables of even the Mechanics Institute for weeks together! *_ k8*" i®Bue the Attstralzsian advocates the formation of» Mustang Company in Victoria for the purpose of trapping and breaking in the mobs of wild horses which run over the unsettled and mountainous districts in that colony. It appears that there are numbers of droves of these horses, curiously enough each drove being of one colour, containing beasts of a shape, endurance, andfleet ness for superior to those bred and domesticated Under £he fostering care of man. Our neighbors haye certainly not beenibrtunatein their attempts at scientific horse breeding, i- They have imported costly sires, but their racers are unable to compete with thoBe of New South Wales, unless the legs of thelatter are tied or they arelame. Therefore,: the Australasian thinks better give the matter up and take what nature sends . A very little con sideration ought' to tell the Australasian and the horse breeders where the fault lies. Let the imported sires be turned loose, and let their progeny grow up untouched by man, and they will equal in all, and exceed in most of the-good qualities of the mustangs. The fault of both Victorian and South Australian horse-training is, breaking in and working colts years before they ought to look through a collax or have a saddle upon their backs; In Australia horses are worn out long before they are old enough to do a day's work. The Darling correspondent of the Southern Argus paints ths following gloomy picture of affiiire in that locality :-" If the Darliug was flooded to-morrow and the steamers could get up, there is not a load of wool for each of them and their barges to take back, and they would not be likely to get half of them full freights up. Trading and hawking on their own accounts, as they are fully aware of, is stopped for the future, except at great risks j but even supposing they had each a full load up and a cargo of wool back once in two or three years, is the cost of freight and profit so great that it will pay the boats to be up and wait for the floods, and the good time coming P The very bushranger considers our cheques and orders no good, and throws them on one side as dishonoured and useless paper. The wages and rations of a shepherd weekly are equal at present value to about a score of Bheep weekly, and as there is no better chance of saving them if shepherded, they are turned loose on the runs to take their chance, and the shepherd to wander and beg from one station to another. I should be almost afraid to state what heavy losses in sheep and stock there has been already from starvation and maddening thirst. It has been' something fearful, and is daily getting worse, and stock {are all so weak that if rains did come it must kill one half of them. Nearly all the back blocks are deserted, and the sheep sent travelling to almost certain death. A lot of 19,000 strong sheep recently had to be sent from the Parrowotta back blocks (between the G-orrin and Grey fianges) on account of the water drying up, and about 5,000 is all that has reached this place, and these I cannot see much chance of saving. Twenty thou sand of Dr Youl's perished in coming in from the Paroo. Grow and many others out back have also lost heavily, and on the riyer they are starving and dying by hundreds eveiy day. If rain does not come shortly, and give us a little feed on the sandhills, three parts of the stock on the river will die off, and squatters who some few years back had invested £20,000 or £30,000 or more in station properties will have to give them up and clear out with nothing. The weather still con tinues fearfully hot and dusty. Bushranging, robberies, and other crimes are increasing, but the prospect of a good rise in our river is as uncertain as ever." 