T A B LE -TiLK. COMMUNICATED. 11 Stguftur gut patrcm not jxusibus aquis." In rny last I attempted a sketch of the life of tho shepherd in the far interior. In this artielo I propose to glance at that of tho genus bullock- driver, a very hard-working and ccr- (Tho night being clamp, all hands commence suddonly coughing.) Attention rostorod, Jem explains that in most of his loading "Thero's a package of baccy, and always a holo in tho canvas ; When its seen by tho covo no doubt but he looks precious sulky. Jom says that "tho way things nro hashed in tho train is most dreadful." Lighting their pipes that aro filled with sweet Hunter River tobacco, The clrivors pour forth their tea and their ynrns togothor in endless prolusion. Tales of tho road soon give placo to dread stories of goblins and witches. Ben tolls how ono night, when encamped at the Gap Bridge, noar Molong, "With his tarpaulin down and himself in the arms of old .Murphy, How he woke with a start, for close by his ear on tho dray wheel, Hoavy and sharp blows, as with bludgeon, 011 ' oaeli spoke resounded. Puzzled and trembling with fear, he upraisod tho tarpaulin, Clear sliono the moon, naught moved but tho shivering gum branch, Stirred by the breeze ; 110 sound but the lowing of cattle Thnt fed far away in tho, pine ridge. Gone was all sleep then. Long seemed tho night to poor Bonjnmin. Never again would ho camp tlioro. Nor would he, but travelling once thero with mob oT fat cattlo, Tho covo did but laugh at his foars, and told lura to liko it or lump it. Said, "No camp liko the Gap, round which aro unpassablo ranges." Clear rose the moon, and merry tho songs of the stockmen, Many tho laughs at Ben's ghost, and questions of " what had come of it ?" Midnight had come, and coascd almost to hollow tho cattlo ; Around all was still ; no sound save the crackling of watch iires, a IVhon forth from tho pino ridgo which towered with rough boulders majestic, Camo a white figuro, strange, nondescript, ghost-like, and awful, Approaching tho stockmen, who shook all over with fear in their saddles ; But fear gave them voice, and with loud shouts and chorus of stock-whips, Slow they advance 011 it, and back draws tho liiileoiis spectre. But it gives such a yoll, that still' stands tho hair of tho stockmen, Such a hideous screech that rpiick rush thoy back to tho camp lire. Again eonics tho figuro with devilish leer and strange gesture, Again rush the stockmen, filling tho air with thoir clamour; Thrico 'tis repeated, until tho horriblo stranger, With hideous gibberings seeks a retreat iiAlio forest. . Shaken and awod, scarce a word speak the stock men till morning, Awe-struck aro the drivers, for old Ben thoy know is 110 blower, Whon Pat (who'd boon mending his breeches'), declares ho full woll can bclave it. tainly not over-paid class of mon. I have tried Longfellow's dactylic hexameters, and don't mean to do it again : — This is tho bog-hole prime evil ; thoso aro tho bullock-team drivors, Weary and worn with their toil thoy stretch- round tho big blazing camp fire ; This is tho flat called Emu, as never an emu was seen hore, In tho Australian lands, on tho falls of tho great Murrumbidgeo, Where tho clear crook ripples down from tho stringy-bark mountain ; Down from tho ranges of granito, which loom gray and grand in tho distance, Gliding duo north, as if bound for the far distnnt Lachlan. But ficklo in mood soou to turn to the Southern waters, Waters which swallow it up remorseless as torriblo bunyip ; Bunyip ! that lately fell foul both of good steed and rider, Whore' combat took place quito eclipsing St. George and the Dragon. But sing I of bullocks' and drivors, hard by tho high-loadod waggons, Close to the firo lio tho drivors tolling long yarns of their journeys ; Lnnkey Jom is tho speaker, a youth some six foot, . of not bad stuff, But, like his own dray tiros, would gain much by cutting and shntting. Jom tells his listening hearers tho prnnks of that strange bullock Nobby, Narrates how that morning Nob fetched him a kick in tho stomach, Doubling him up as in pot a cook doubles a cod fish ; Strange is the conduct of Nobby, old Nobby- known as so poacoful. Now spoaketh old Ben, and all hands aro rapt in attention, (Old Ben, who with Blaxland and Wentworth first crossed tho Blue Mountains, And sighted vast plains tronding far away east ward and westward). "Ill tell you my lads what caused tho old bullock to kick Jem ; " Why I10 smelt tho drink on him, ho had this morning in Bowning, " There's plenty of bullocks as can't abear for to smell rum; "It's queor how in this thoy differ so much from tho drivers." All seo tho force., of the worthy old man's ex planation. Tom tells bow last week when camped closo by a beautiful pudd'--k, Ho opened tho rails in tho night and lot in his poor starving oxen ; But to take off tho jangling boll, alas! betook. not tho trouble, Clear rang tho boll in tho stilly night, hoard by the too wakeful super. Wrathful tho super sprang from his couch and saddled his stood in tho stable, Long o'er old Sol rose, tho trespassing bullocks were prisoned in pound-yard ; So ho lost a whole day, and still worse, paid somo twenty white shillings. Merry tho chafl' and many tho jokes at Tom's flatness. Bon smiles a grim smile, says in that way he- never was caught yet, But carrying once, when carriage was low and tho road bad, Ho made rather frco with some bags of- best "yellow counter," Taking a bit hero and thero out of this and of that bag, Soivoil tho Imio up tigftiu ncntly with twine and pack-needle. Ended his journey, tho sugar was weighed and found wanting; Stoutly vowed Ben that tho sugar was "just as ho got it. Surely tho super would novcr bo hard on a poor man." Hard was tho heart of tho super ; Naturo had given him sharp eyes, Eyos that detected tho sewings, all being sowings with new twine. Mulct then was Bon ; mulct for what ho must own was a blunder. Then says Jem, for his part, he never yot touched upon sugars. — — — — PBBM— " Sure travelling wanst by his solf," overtaken by nightfall, Campod by a hut desorted and far in tho lono uush ; Insido tho hut looked ho, all thero was empty nnd silent," Weary and worn was ho, not long nor in vain was sleep courted. Pleasant his dreams, for thoy took him far back to his own native country. Soon in tho hut thero arose a most frightful commotion ; Yells loud and strango cries, hatred, rago, and despair seemed commingled, Pat sprang to his foot and listened, amazed and confounded. Cold ran his blood, and ho seized 011 his saddle and bridle, Mado for his maro, which full soon ho found out by her snorting ; Trembling all over sho stood, but whinuied with joy for her master, Soon was tho seeno of their torror left many a mile in tho distanco. Ended Pat's story is — Hush 1 near tho waggons is hoard a strango footstep ; Up jump tho drivors, expecting to seo somo horriblo spectre, But 'tis only old Nobby iu search of a pool of good water. 