MORPEIII NOMINATION. -«.-. [THE following report of the above nomination, by our speeial reporter, miscarried during its transmission to ? Sjdney.' Though the election ÍB over, the views expressed by the candidates are of interest at the present timo, and wo therefore publish it ] ' Tha nomination for tho electorate of Morpeth took placo at the lustin'gs erected in front of tho Court-hou^e. at .Morpeth, on Thursday at noon. There were from three to four hundred persons present. Mr. J. B P¿, RoiUJUTSOX, the returniner-oflioer, began the business by reading the writ under which ho find been ?authorised to act, and by recommending tho electors to give all persons a fair hearing. ? Mr. OSMAN 13. MIPJH.ETOX, J P., proposed Mr. James 'Campbell as a fit and proper person to represent tho elec- torate of'Morpelh in the next Assembly. Ho_ said that Mr. Keating had nrquired a certain facility in address- ing public bodies, but the gentleman's abilities in th'it line emly suggested lo his mind performances somewhat similar, of which creatures of a lower order thon man had Bhov.n themselves capable. Ho had sometimos been astonished by the sudden query, " Who aro you ?" and, on turning round he had b"pn greeted with the cry -" Abit of bread for pour poll !" (Laughter.) That, ho considered, was somewhat analogous to tho position which Mr. Keating' occupied to-day. (Uproar.) Hid he become tlie'r enemy because ho told them the truth? Bil private opinion w.n, uni ho publicly expressed it. that Mr. Keating would bo n dis- plací to the electorate. (Cheers, and cries of " Sit down.") It would be n disgrace to Mr. John Robertson to have such a follower. (Yells.) Mr. John Robertson bnd i'ono a grsnt deni for the people. [" What about the pig?"] If you stole tho pig, I would have you punished for it. He would recommend the gentleman who interrupted bim to cure the pi_', for hin hands were dirty enough to spoil anything. (Confusion.) But he must confess, that at the present miment the Hon. John Robertson appeared to him to bo Uko n kite flying unsteadily to tho right and tho left, and porhapi that WUH why Mr. Keating was brought forward in tho shape of lead to his tail. ["Where's the pig?! Wo ghad tho records of the Court against this gentleman who was cry- ing out about the pig. Such was his confidonce in Mr. Campbell's character and position, that ho thought that Mr. Campbell would go in triumphantly at the hoad of the poll, and that Mr. Keating would retiro to his £30 a year. " A man he was to all the country dear, Surpassing rich at £40 a year." (Laughter and dissent, in which one elector waa conspicu- ously prominent.) Thero was a miserable representativo of humanity. A baboon was fir above him. Tho gorilla from the centre) of Africa had more intclligonw thon that man, {Great rmjee,) Mr, C. E. JAC1UE8 (Mayor'of Morpeth) sccan'lod the ne ruination. Mr. Campbell wat a gentleman of sound ¡cyvi iri.se, and belter than ten thousand of li.0*0 mouthing fellows who wafted BO much of tho timo of tho Houso to to puip íc- ["Who broko Farrell's iiddluf" and Irtv.ghurl. , Mr. '1 ii OMAR Dieu WOB received with threes rhcera. Ho le/gcd to propo'n Mr. John Routing, who was » hUnuh supporter of the Robertson Ministry. Mr. Keating'« r«*i dene-e here- for tho last twenty-seven years, his ability, hi« willingneBB to do good to tho colony- f " And himself in pir licular "]-waa known to me, and allof them, nis earnest dci-iro WUP, that Mr. Keating Bhould bo roturnod by thptn, and ho believed that Mr. Keating would be a credit tu Morpeth, and to Ihe country. (Chocrs.) Mr. PATHIOX M'CAIIKOI.I. seconded the nomination. Mr. JAMES CAMI'IIEI.I. B.iid that ho had burn cUlo.l a (lummy, and i.e-ro ho was before thom, not afraid to meet ihciii face to face honouinbly, honestly, and Uko a man. (Cheers,) Although ho had boen said to bo a dummy, bo ventured to say that his exponent would admit that hu ( Jlr. Cnmpbcll) would my that he had told thom quito a» much aa he (Mr. Keating) likod to hear. (Yells.) Howl as much as tht.y liked ; but they would not put. him down, for ho would stay hero until 1 o'cle* k .it night UrsU He hod to thank thom foi- tho quiot litiuing which they had pive-n him hitherto nt other pinion in tho electorate, but ut tho saind timo it must bo und-.r Htcod that ho bad como hero to expresa his opinions, and that ho would not he put down. Ho c uno forward ,in the first instance at tho solicitation of 1150 of tho electors who bad known hin conduct for tho last twenty-five years, lio had Leen told that ho had interfered with Mr. Keating & privoto character. Ho hael never said a word against Mr, li rating's private character, but. ho did intend to tel Mr. Keating that ho was a candidato for a Government situation. Ho had tho proof of it in his hands. (Uproar, and erica of " Read it.") He would read it. He wu) hi.u self an independent man, nnd ho would not take a Government billot for £1500 ; he would rathor mnko that sum ot his own businesB hero th.in bo a hack to any Government, or any ect of men. Ho did not feel that it was tho duty of every member of tho Home to speak, especially whon wo had such men aa Mr. Robert Bon to do that ; as Mr. Parkes-(Choors on.l groana)-as Sir Janies Martin. (Yelle.) Hoot away ! [-'He's a bid Irishnan, like you ;" und " Wo never knew His country."] But wo did know bifl country, »nd he was a credit to bia country, and to any Irishman. If Sir James Martin novor did anything for tho working man in his lifo before,^ ho did something when he bad tho Mint established at Sydney. [" What about the Gagging Act ?"] Never mind the Gagging Act. He did not eay that Sir JamoB Martin had not committed errors; but they had been errors of tho head, and not of the heart. When Sir JaiTes Martin brought in tho bill, the diggora wero only getting £2 Gs, an ounce for their gold. ["Who colled the work- | ing men 'howling idiote?'"j Had ho ovor dono it? Ho carno amongBt them hore as a very poor man, andj although ho was working for only £00 a year, he was not I afraid to stick up for his Irish nationality. [" You wore pinned up to ParkcB's tuil."] It had been charged against nim that he hnd not given men fair play. He went to tho trouhlo of having tho minutes of our Boord meeting examined for the last fivo years, and he found that the mon to whom he waa charged with giving tho carriage WOB his greateBt opponent on this occasion. As soon as this election was ov.-r he should bear no malico against Bny man whether he voted for him 'or against him, (Uproar.) Tho RETUlixrxci-oi HCEK : I know that there oro only threo of you making all thiB noise. Let Mr. Campbell speak. Mr. CAMI'IIELL coi.tinucd : Groat opposition had been brought nguinsr him because ho advertised for a lot of pick and shovel-men. [Shout« of " Yes you did."] Of couKO ho did. And what a hardship to tno poor mon of Morpeth, it was, that ho wented to employ them at six or seven shillings a day. He did not bolieve that there was a rtspeetable Catholic in the district that would not record his vote for him to-morrow. (Cheerfl, and " What Ministry will you support, if y ou go in ? ") He would support any Ministry which ho thought would bo boneficiul to the country. He would make no promise. [" What made you support Parkes and Martin?"] Because he believed that they were the best Ministry. That had been his epluisn, and it was hiB opinion still. (Hear, hear.) Ile did not want to wheedle thom out of their votes. He should be satisfied with tho result of the polling to-morrow, whatever it WOB ; but he thought that ho Bhonld be returned by a majority of nbcvt ono hundred and eighty, He would not my a hard word against the gentleman who now carno before them more than that gen- tleman's own written uttitements warranted him in saying. ["For e-harne ! " Tint's ungentlomanly." "Read the letters ; " and other cries.] He would givo thora the letters now. [" Wo won't have them !"] If they did not hear tbcm, it waa because (hey were afraid. Ho would mako them stand there tt'l 12 o'clock to-night [" You will bo hungiy !''] No ; bur he WHB thirsty, and uuforcunately he could not drink colonial swankey. (Hooting«, and cries of "Parkes »nd Martin.") There was no gentleman for whim he had a greater respect privately than tho lion. John Robertson ; but he did not believu" in that gentleman's public character, and he did nut think that he could Bupport him. At tho same time, Mr. Robertson should have im- partial juBtioo nt his hands. [" We would not have n land bill if it was not for Robertson."] He give Mr. Robertson credit with every other gentleman for what he had done. [" Have you joined Parkes r"'] He W.IB unpledged to join any mon, and the only pledge that ha would give thora was that he would endeavour to do tho beBt he could for tho electorate and the colony. Vota for him or not, like men ; but ho woul.l not go in as a delégala. If his object had been to get ii billet, surely ho might liuvo gotr.no during the last five year.". If they could got a gontlomen hotter qualified to represent them, he.would make room for him. The gentleman who rame out against him did so because he wanted a billet. (Uproar, and cries of " We don't want to hear it ! ") But he wanted to give it to Ihcm. (" What was done with tho money that was voted for the coil BhootB ?") £10,000 was voted, tho coal shoots cost £G00fl, and the rest was returned to the Government. What moro did they want 'r (" We want the coal shoots, and the money foo ! ") T'toy had got a great deal from the Govern- ment. The very clock in front of the Court-houso coat tho Government of the country £250. Ho had also got them oesif tance from the tiovernment during tho time of the Hood-.. ("Keating had nil tho trouble!") But Keating did not get the tin. ^Laughter.) Now they wanted to heir him read this. (V elis und cheers.) Hoot away ! They uhould have it. " Morpeth, I5tb August, lHGS. " Sir,-As Mrs. Lirryiiiorc departed this life at lu o'cloe'c this morning, I have taken advantage of an ear.y application for the office. The billet would just suit me, and should 1 bo so fortu- nate as to obtHln it, 1 will enter oa the duties with a determina- tion to give every satUl'iiotlon. Unfortunately, f am not personally known to Mr. Docker, the Postmaster-General ; but if ynu would please to call upon hini on my behalf, there- ¡8 a probability of my being successful. I have forwarded my application, and referred him to the Reai'trar-Genoral, who has kindly expressed biuiEclf in the most favourable manner as to tho performance of my duties as registrar. It mast surely bo more appropriate to appoint some one acquuintetl with ihe locality than a stranger ; and copeciuUy one who would take the greatest pleasure to attend to Hie commercial interesta of the town. " I am, Sir, your obedient servant. "JOHN KKITIS... " James Campbell, Y.sq " He petit to Mr. Keating whethor ho should road the other letter or not. [Mr. Keating : Certainly.] Ho would give them the other one, which was dated live days later. (Great cenfusion.) "Morpeth, 20th August, 1808. " Sir,-I am exceedingly obliged hy your prompt reply, and beg to »tate that 1 was not aware Mies Larrymoro had succeeded her mother twelve months ago, or I would not have made appli- cation. Mr.-i- formed me that ho had a telegram, culling upon him to take charg» ot the post-office. I therefore believed the office vacant. Of course it would be preposterous to apply for that which was already «ccupied, I am already sorry that I ?waB not informed in time; however, my application can do her no harm, If my shops and hnuBCB wiro let, I Bhould not think of such a situation ; but in the nbscneo of rents, it requires some- thing to subsidise the other incomings. Again thanking you for promptness and u'unl kindnrsi, "I am, dear Sir, your obotlient servant, "JOIIll ilEATINB. " James Campbell. Esei.,M.L A." . (The reading eif the lottcTs appeared to oxcite great glee among some of tho eleotors, and intense eliaguBt among others.) Ho would now refer to the votes which ho had given in the Assembly, and to his reasons for voting ns ho had done. (*. Have you got any colonial wine ?") Yes ; aonio very good. (Laughter.) Tho very gontlomen whom ho had offended most among them, wero those who wore his 6tTongest supporters at tho last election. They had boen led to believe that he voted against thom ; but, ho had novor given a vote that ho did not think was for tho bcBt interests of the country. Ho had been an advocate for religion in the sparsely populated distriota of the colony, and of Denominational education whoro tho population allowed of it. But ho thought that in tho spnreely sctlled districts it waa bettor to havo ono Public good hchool than threo bad Denominational schools ; one qualified well- paid schoolmaster than three who wero not properly qualified, aud who would bo starving. Ho oppo.-ed Mr. Parkes BO far as lay ia his power, so long aa hu could eave anything in the Act which he thought was worth saving in Denominational education; and he said now that in any district where we could not gul twenty-five children to attend ono Denomination.il school, the sooner wo could get all denominations to make up their minda to livo in peaco and harmony, and to h.iva their children educated together, the better it would bo for them and for tho colony. He looked upon that Act as the policy of the nation, and ho did not intend to interfere with it. But ho did not cire< what denomination it wau if that Act wero not carried out l'.n'rly and truly, ho would assist to upset anv tíduaition Board, whether it was presided over by Mr. Parkes or by any other man. We t-hould havo it administered faith- fully and impartially. [Mr. CAMVIICLL hero stopped in his address, and looked very intently at a man in tho crowd. An elector: " There is nobody picking up stonos."] Ile bad got his eve upon them, and ho win not afraid of them. [Mr. MUIDLE-ION : "May tho bond wither that will I ¡»row a stone. !"] He had fought tho battle fur them in reference to Stito-aicl "to religion, np be had promised, and ho thought now that it weulel be a good thing it in tho thinly- peopled districts of tho colony they could got ministers of the vnuous religiouB denominations to itinerate It would hi better for us to pay ministers to otlioia'e in that way th tu to leave our fellow-men without tho solaco of religion. But he knew that to revivo the question of Stalo-aid would be to do an injury to the friends of State-aid ; and he know that if the Public Schools Act wero reopened again it, would be made eecular altogether. If that Act wero touched ogain, Denominational BchoolB would bo wipid out of ex- istence altogether. Mr. Robertson vofetl for tho Education Bill, Mr. Fortter, another of tho MinistorB, voted for that " bill ; and he thought that, if ho WBB not mistaken, 1 thoy said (hoy would prefer the Ac} being malo perfectly ' si tub T Anothir thfng Jhot lfflT P!|1r.'lvh'0^ waa vcry.un pepular, v.ns lo voJtyjjfT taxing ijiu "tea and sugar .t-îïUle ixtrn. It iiiight bf^iil^i^onilmitificpjuíijÜsnvYwi') not the poiT man's irie jftr,! buyftjkdoW wtell mat' ¿hu erodit of the Goveininent MUB at stake jn lhpOLirndtin market./ If our ci«dît went dowii invtbo grefit (¡eiWuitreial mnríiriurii of the vi 01 Id what shoulikwe be-P Jl'hero wein not am irvuniong thim Ibut wishid to ftpmiiiito njp^stdëbts,"oitrier a« un individual or as a nationT--Wa 7)rta b'errjwed money encngh already, but if wo did not keep up our credit what could we do, for i\o might liavo to borrow moro. Railways bad been nítido out of borrowed money; and if it had not been for his friend Mr. Bonjamin Leo wo should not have had a railway here to-day. The next propctition brought in by tho present Coloiii ii Trea- sure!, Mr. Samuel, WBB a poll-t'ix. Mr. Simuel brought in a proposition that would havo made every fanner in tho couniij puy £2, as walla« lOo for every mun that ho (inplntod Every greengrocer, ovory man who tried to mi KI his living by keeping a small storo or olhertwso, vti/uM havo had a license te piy. II» «ever voted for that, hLii Iii' rover would. Ho might bo obliged to vu to for tho Sti mp Duties which fame out of the poe'kot of living men ; Lui unless ho changed his mind, which was «ot very likoly, he would never veto for legacy or succession duties. If 11 tuor woman loBt her husband, tho usages of tutiely exacted ft largo expenditure in the way of fnn-<ral expenses, and it Maa very hurd that, at a time like that, she should have to pay legacy and succession duties. He would never voto for making a young man who had had an industrious father pay £2 10s. per £ LOO at a time Uko that because his father had happened to carn £100. (Hoar, hear.) When Mr; Rebellion passed the Lund Act, it was thought to bo perfect, but nothing human was exactly peiftol. Mr. Robertson found that he wanted a Fencing Bill, whioh would havo compelled the free selector to fence in his giound. Mr. Koburteon lost his popularity ¡ and on that nccuunt ho was boaten fur West Syelney. Abbough they thought that ho had beon an onomy to the Catholic community, ho would tell them whit ho (lui. Ho was a member of the select committee appointed to inquire into tbo circumstances attending the loos of btipend to tho Rev. I). M 'Guinn, of Berrima. When tho Act abolishing State-nid was paBBed tho Rev. D. M'Guinn was a olorgy man of the Church of Rome. Ho did not want to spjak disrespectfully of tho Areb.binb.op or of the clergy of that Church, for many priests had been friends af his in the old country, but tho Rev. Mr. M'Guinu lobt his salary by another person being appointed iu his placo. Mr. M'Guinn never know that his salary was passed over to another person, until ho Bent his bank-book up to tho bank. Wo carried tho report recommending that Mr. M'Guitcn should ¿avo ¿ÍB aalary restorod by a majority of ono. Mr, Robertson and Mr. Parkes voted against it, and from that day to this the present Ministry, who professed to bo such fninda of thcirp, had never recognised tho man's cluim, hsd never ¡¡iven him ono shilling. Five years ago tho country was overrun with bushrangers in tho thinly populated districts. A man might ge out from homo in the morning and bo brought back murdered to his wife in the evening. He voted for tho Treason Felony Act by which alter a man WOP known to bo a murderer he was outlawed, and was lubie to bo shot down. Sir James Martin pro- posed that law, and it Boon quieted the country. Another Act passed by that Administration bosides the Public Schools Act, and which would aooner or later do more good to New South Wnlos than any other ?»us the Act to establish reformatory Bchools. We had only tried it in two caser,, BO far-in the case of the Vernon ond of the Industrial Schools Act at Newcastle. [Mr. Dillon, M.L A., waB hero driven up to tho hustings, and his arrival was greeted with " three cheers tor Dillon," and " three cheers for Jack Robertson," these demonstrations being followed by a feeble effort ia the way of groaning.] He voted for that Act, the object of which was to take from the streets ot the populous towns and cities of the colonies neglected and fatherless children, and lo educate them inBtcad of allowing them to grow up criminals. WaB that an Act which they admired, und which they thought to be beneficial to the colony ? Well, that Act and others which were brought in by the Martin Administration, ttnt'.ed to niako him believo that they wcro the tu>t men to govern the country, and bo thought so still. ("Tho Treaeon Fcleuy Act was a nice one, wasn't it ? ") That Act never did atiybudy any harm. Any man who could not in his heart and conscience say that he was under good Government, under tho away of Queen Victoria in this colony-if any mnn was not satisfied with h¡B liberty in this colony, which" he believed was tho freest under heaven -(.' Jim framed that to get Sir to his tail")-ho Baid that we could afford to let Mich a man go to where ho could find a freer country, and he would be a long time travelling. , (Choirs, and " He framed it for Fenians.") But you aro notaFmian, (" I " innot far awiy from it, if I got a chance.") The ody Bubject on which his hands had been strengthened w na with respoct to rho removal of tho punt which waB cugi£>ed in deepening the river. Meetings bad been called, a de putation had been s"nt to Sydney, and the conseqnenco vin that the dredgo waa brought back. People said that he was adverse to ii bridge over the river at iiimtm. Ile wns nothing of the kind. The Hinton in- terest was his interest. Ho did not go into tho Home on the principles of Cheatciitm. Ho took this opportunity of publicly say rag thnt the Robertson Government had been as kind tej the electorate as had tho Martin Government. I (Inletruption.) Some of them forgot that the Postmaster General was beuten yesterday. (Confusion.) Mr. Egan waa shut out of paradise this time. (Laughter.) Anothor act for which Vtcwero indebted to the Min tin Ministry was the MuniiipalitieB Act, although he admitted that that Act would probably have been passedwhitever Govern- ment waB in powrr. ["Well done Campbell, you'ro a gentleman, you orr, you look well you do !"-cheers and groans,] Ile saw that he was addressing ladies as well .»a gentlemen, and he iisltvd them to give thioo cheers for the ludies. (Cheers accordingly.) Their presenoo showod that tbej took an inttict in the olootion ; lind if he could only have them on his side, he should not caro a farthing about one of j nu. (Laughter.) We had mado arrangements to carry the railw.iy to Mun mundi, to Bathurst, and to Goulburn, which M ere said to be the great wheat growing diMiicts of tho lohmy. Ho hoped that they would turn out to bo po, and that wo should not havo to send to America for flour. Iii« opinion was that we had gone di rp enough into debt already, and that we went iuto debt too fieely. Last jenr f 20,000 wai votcel to relay the line bet wein Sydney ann Parramatta, which had already cost from £45,000 to c'50,000 per mile, and on the Estimates for next year there was £25,000 more for tho Bama purpose. He did not wish to go into the financial statement of tho Tronenrer, but ho thought that that, amongst other things, would show how our financial affairs were shuflledup. ("Show us what Parkes did with his £70,0(10 or £80,C(J0," and "What about the gagging Act?"] Did Mr. Parkes try to gag any of thom or the settlers on the Hawkesbury when they were overwhelmed by the floods ? Ho believed that they were perfectly satis- fied willi the way in which Mr, Parkes acted then, and with the Administration which he represented. When Mr. Parkes went up the Hawkesbury for two or three days and nights, to tako relict to the Hooded out, did they auk him what his religion was then ? (Uproar.) Givo tho devil his duo. Let them meet him at the polling booth to- morrow. [Three cheers called for Mr. Campbell, and enthu- siastically responded to.] He was awaro that the majority of the aldermen ii era his supporters. ["Where le tho reptile?"] You'll havo him by and bye. He did not wish to catch a single vote, and if his Catholic friends who had so long known and respected him did not chooBO to voto for bim, let them vote against him. (Mr. Dillon now left, and this was tho signal for three cheers in hiß honour.) Ho had been accused of being an Orangeman. He was tho last man i in the world that would introduce religion into a contest of this kind, but he could not afford to be maligned. Ho would say that if he were on Orangeman ho should not consider himself a bit the worao for it. But »ince he had' been in the colony for the lost Iweuty-Uve years what had hiß con- duct been ? Let thtm look bick and toll him whothor he had ever asked any man whom he employed what his religion was. [Mr. Middleton was here understood to say something about wife beaters, whereupon one or two indi- viduals in the crowd became more excited than they were before, and assailed that gentleman with : " Corns out of that you pig-headed scoundrel. I'll tear you limb from limb from the hustings, you mean dog. Mr. Campbell, that pigheaded dog is a disgraco to you," and Borne other expressions not more complimentary.] Mr. Middleton had alwnjB been a particular friend of "his, and ho looked upon that gentleman as being a credit to the colony. [" IIU'B . no mnn to interfere between n man and his wife." "You're a dog- ye.u'ro a dog," &o; J Ile had intended to give them another hour of it, but he would now conclude, 'as bo found that tbe-y were, uko himself, getting a little too warm. If they rlected lum it was without his making any promise as to bis futuro conduct, So long as they elected him, ho should be very much obliged to them ; but 'he should bo satisfied with the verdict which they pro- nounced to-rrorrow night wbethor it was for or against him. (Three cheero for Campbell.) Mr. JOHX KEATING then carno forward, and was received .with cheerR and grei.ius, All through his oloetiuneoring meetings he bad snid nothing injurious to the priv.ito e'haincter of Mr. Campbell in the lemt degree. Mr. Middleton who waa Mr. Campbell's pioposrr,,had undertaken to throw him to ridicule as ,muoh as he could. [Mr. Mjnni.iTox: "Not as much as I could."] You * ¡ire . not telling the truth. Mr. Mir'dlcton first begon by talking about the parrot and his bit of Lret.d., Mr. Middleton hail to wot k for his bread quite as much as himself, and looked quite as much a pirrot as he did. (Cheero) He tould walk tho btreots of Morpeth as vitll as Mr. Middleton, although ho waau J.P. (Cheers.) Mr. Middleton might ateumo that ho belonged to tho upper crust ; but look nt his behaviour and hi« langmigo, and say whether it was that of a gentleman or not, (Checrj.) Ho had taken a IradiDg part, in all things at Morpeth. Mr. Middleton had bien ploased to remark that Boran of thurn leoked like gorillas; but any ono who would liken his fellow-creatures to gorillas could not be vry favourable t» his own species. Mr. Middleton hid also said that they were Uko baboons. That was a favourite word of Mr. Parkes. [Three cheer* wcro here given for Mr. Parkos, they were followed by thre0 groan« in recognition of (ho pamn gentleman.] Mr. Middleton fold them that he had £ 10 a year. Ho hid thrco times £10, nnd that waa moro than Mr. Middleton had. Although Mr. Campbell «poko so triumphantly of tho Martin-Buchanan Administration, hn had grott plea euro in informing them that the Ministerial candidatos were in the ascendant, ¡md the elections so far showed un- mistakably that the Government would carry tbo sway, Oeborno, Lloyd, Dillon, and his sincere friend Joo Eck- ford, were returned. (Cheers) Samuel, Garrett, Brookes- [»What about Egan?"]-and tho Hon. John Robertson were' returned ; Cowper, Macleay, and S. C. Brown were returned. [At this stage of the prooeoding« the electors took to cheering and groaning for each other in a most cdifjing manner.] Mr. Campbell had naked whether it was ndin«BjbJp to take jip wi|b. {ho Jaberu son Ministry to gol returned to-day-(»went) snd the reply w.as, "Don't do thnt ; but you o in do aa you likewhen yougo in." Now, ho was going to point out what Mr. Campbell bad dono for tlo Parkes'Aduunistratiofc He had joined Mr. Parkes in his factions opposition to tho Government, which, but for that, would havo carried the Immigration Bill, would havo effected rotrenchmont, and given us many other measures conducivo to the gonoraj welfare. He did moat certainly complain thatuny dornest» eitiarrul thut should unhappily ariso botwoen any of the mcmbejrs of .his family ihould 'be raked up hera to iry«ro his election. He looked upon Buch nn effort as bolng oftho meanest und most despicable character. (Cheors.) Tho religious cry had been raised against him ; and it had boon circulated throughout the town, to his injury, that ho had taken a Feat in the Roman Catholic chapel, and had give* SBoni-y to the Pope. Ho wished to aWrt that ho did not believe that Mr. Campbell or any ono belongicg to him W.IB a Htnnehei- Protestant than ho waB. (Cheers.) ' But at tho same tinu- ho would givo liberty of religious exurcWcB to any man-("Well dono ")-and he deteBted tho'inau who would raise a religioUB cry and foster sectarian differences for political purposes. (Cheers.) £10,000 had been votod forfho coal shootB, and £0000 only expended, the rest, being returned to the Government. H,o w.is BatiHÛnd that if we hud hnd an energotic representativo that monoy might have been spent in lulour among tho people. Mr. Campbell told them that he woe in favour of duties on toa and sugar, and of two Boards . f Education. Ile left them to judge for themselvKB.1 Ho had sunk several thousands in Aûirpoth, and it was in Morpeth that he, h¡3 wife, and his children wished to remain. ('. Thoy Buy you cannot keep your son.") Ile believed that his ton bud tho beat business in Morpeth, nnd WBB as well respected at any man in that town. (Cheers.) Ho hoped that ho Bhould never seo tho day when Mr. P.irkis'a Administration should have the helm of affair?, and he would uie all tho energy that ho possessed to rcsit-t that. (Cheors.) Mr. Patkes had professed friendship for Gavan Duffy and sympathy with Ireland, but ho referred them to tho apooeh which Mr. Tarkcs made on Mr. Robertson's Immigration Bill, which was a disgrace to tho country. (Cheers, and " Which, tho speech or the bill?") Tho very spirit of ambition and intolerance ruled in the heart of Mr. Parkos. (Threo cheer« were hero luBtily givon for Mr. Parkos.) Mr. Parkes was not satisfied with being a member for Eiiet Sydnej, but his ambition led him to go down to that clccternl church-yard (cries about tho *' Ghost ") and get elected lhere. There was unilud with Mr. Parkes that celebrated individual, David Buchanan. (" That's the fellow to put tho futters on you.") How was religious feeling enconrnged in Morpeth ? By that dirty infamous rag tho Lictor. Ho knew toincthing about figures, and if returned ho would take care that three millions of money wore not borrawod. Dr. Lang dolivcrcd a celebrated lecture, nnd said that ho hoped that tho people would seo that'our institutions wero not Tipperary-liid, and that Now South Wales did not becomo tho colony of tho Pope. The religious cry had been raised ; but was it likely that Mr. Robertson, Mr. ForBter, Mr. Samuel, or Dr. Lang would attempt to do that. He implored them to put their foot upon this . improper influence. Mr. Martin had introduced the cumulative vote into tho Municipalities Act ; and they could now decido which waa tho most liborol-Mr. Cowper who gave thora manhood suffrage, or Sir James Martin who introduced tho cumulative clauses, Lot him ask them to give threo cheers for Mr. Cowper. (Cheers accordingly spiced with o coneidcrablo amount of groaning.) In 1861 John Robertson introduced his Land bill, tho fro» selection clause of which had given homes to 25,000 pooplo, or, with their families, to 100,000 ; and Mr. Robertson also showed in his speech that tho squatters now contributed £200,000 a year revenue, whereas before the Land bill passed they only contributed £30,000. Ho stood hero na an honeat man which, as the Book said, wos tho handi- work-the glory of God. Tho letters had boon read out hero this evening. They were well written, woll con- structed, and he was not ashamed of them. The fact that ho wrote for a situation waB not unbecoming, if he folt that he could fill it. ['* But you might have let tho broath go out of tho old woman first."] It required competence to lill a situation. He should bo glad if Mr. Campboll would havo the letters framed and glazed. For the last twenty fivo years ho had written thousands of lottere for othors, as well as for himeeif. (" And got paid for them.") Ho wrote ¡500 letters as secretary to tho Floods Relief Com- mittee, for which he never reèeivcd a fraction. If ho wore competent to write n good letter, it was worth half-a-crown to do it. Ten J ears ngo he offered to tako shares if a company were formed, to get a drawbridgo.nt Hinton, and if the Government would givo a leaso for a certain number of years. He thought that he was entitled to stand besido Mr. Campbell, nnd oak thom for their suffrages. If returned, ho would, at tho end of twolvo months show that ho was no diBgrocn to Morpeth, ho would not take a billet, - nnd ho would resign if requested to do so by a majority of tho electors. If tho town wero polled, it would bo Boon that Mr. Middleton WOB only ninuteen- twentietha as good or as popular as ho was, and it would bo botter for that gentleman it he wero to be scraping np his hay at Phoenix Park. Ho thanked them for their quiet hoariug, and hoped that when they went to the poll to- morrow thoy would uso all the energy that they could to put the mu- ' jotityon his side. (Cheers.) Ho moved a vote of thanks to the Retnrning-vjfliccr ; and, after culling for threo choora for that gentleman, threo cheers for Mr. Dick, and for two or three other persons, ho retired. The RETUiwiNci-OrricEit called for a show of hands,, which he declared to bo in favour of Mr. Campbell. Mr. KEATING demanded a poll. Cheers for the Returning-Officer, for tho candidatos, and foi Ihe Queen, closed the proceedings. 