INSTALLATION OF THE VERY REV. DEAN RUSSELL. The Very Rev. A. R. Russell was formally installed as Dean of the Cathedral Church, St Peter, of Adelaide, at St. Paul's Church, Pulteney-street, on Thursday morn- ing, October 28. The ceremony com menced at 11 o'clock, when a large number of the clergy, with the Bishop and Dean, preceded by the choir singing the Tri sanctus, walked from the vestry to their seats in the chancel. The service for St. Simon and St. Jude's Day was celebrated. The Rev. G. Dove conducted the service, the Eev. Canon Fair and the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny reading the lessons. After morning prayer and the ante-communion service to the end of the Nicene Creed, Arch deacon Twopeny presented the Dean to the Bishop. Mr. F. Wicksteed, the Registrar, then read the Bishop's letters patent, collating the Rev. A. R. Russell to the office of Dean of Ade laide. The letters were as follows :— "I, Augustas, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide, to all to whom these pre sents shall come greeting: Whereas, by letters patent of our Gracious Sovereign Lady Vic toria, Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, duly made and sealed with the great seal of the said United Kingdom, bearing date the 25th day of June, 1847, in the eleventh year of her reign, it is declared lawful for me and my successors to found and constitute one or more dignities in my Cathedral Church, and to collate fit and proper persons to the Dignitaries of the same. And, whereas, in pursuance of the powers thus granted, I did appoint the Reverend James Far rell, M.A., Trinity College Dublin, to be Dean of the said Cathedral; and, whereas, the said James Farrell, deceased at Malvern, on the 26th of April, in the year of our Lord, 1869 : Now, being minded to continue such office, together with the lawful canonical rights and duties pertaining thereto, I do hereby collate the Reverend Alexander Russell Russell, one of the Canon of our Chapter, to be Dean of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in the City of Adelaide. "In testimony whereof I have hereto caused my Episcopal seal to be affixed, this 25th day of October, in the year of our Lord, 1869, and the twenty-third of my consecration. "AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE." The Dean signified his acceptance of office in the following words:—"I, A. K. Russell, Canon of the Cathedral Chapter and Incum bent of the Church of St. Paul, do accept the office of Dean in the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in this city, and promise by the Grace of God, faithfully, according to my ability, to fulfil the duties of the said office, and will ob serve the regulations lawful and canonical which have been or shall be duly made respecting it." The Bishop then offered the following prayer: —"O Lord God Almighty, we beseech Thee to grant Thy grace to this Thy servant, Dean of the Cathedral Church of this Diocese, that he may, by his preaching, and the example of a good life, instruct the clergy and people of this city to do those things which are godly and of good report, so that finally both, he I and they may inherit eternal life, through Jesus Christ our Lord, who with Thee and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen." The prayer concluded, His Lordship preached the installation sermon from the text in 4th Collossians, 17th verse—"Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the Lord that thou fulfil it." At the close of the sermon a hymn was sung, and the Offertory and Holy Communion concluded the interesting service. There was a very large congregation, including His Excellency the Governor, Lady Edith and family. 