A REAL HERO. Some time ago, on board an English, steamer, a little ragged boy, aged nine years was discovered on the fourth day of the voyage out from Liverpool to New York, and carried before the first mate, whose duty it was to deal with such cases. When ques tioned as to his object of being stowed away and who brought him on board, the boy, who had a beautiful sunny face, and eyes that looked like the very mirrors of truth, replied that his step father did it, because he could not afford to keep him, nor to pay his passage out to Halifax, where he had an aunt well off, and to whose house he was going. The mate did not be lieve the story, in spite of the winning face and truthful accents of the boy; He has seen too much of stowaways to be easily deceived by them, he said ; and it was his firm conviction that the boy had been brought on board and provided with food by the sailors. The little fellow was very roughly handled in consequence. Day by day he was questioned and requestioned, but | always with the same result. He did not know a sailor on board, and his j father alone had secreted him and given him the food which he ate. At last the mate wearied by the boy's persistence in the same story, and perhaps a little anxious to inculpate the sailors, seized him one day by the collar and draggled him to the fore, told him that unless he told the truth in ten minutes from that time he would hang' him from the yard-arm. He then made him sit down under it on the deck. All around him were the passengers and sailors of the midway watch, and in front of him stood the inexorable mate, with his chronometer in his hand, and the other officers of the ship by his side. It was the finest sight, said our informant, that he ever beheld-to see the pale, proud, sor rowful face of that noble boy, his head erect, his . beautiful eyes bright, through the tears that suffused them. When eight minutes had fled the mate told he had but two minutes to live, and advised him to speak the truth and save his life; but he replied with the utmost simplicity and sincerity by asking* the mate if he might pray. The mate said nothing*, but nodded his head and turned as pale as a ghost, and shook with trembling' like a reed with the wind. And there all eyes turned on him, the brave and noble little fellow, this poor waif whom society owned not, and whose own stepfather could not care for him there he knelt with clasped hands and eyes unturned to heaven, while he repeated audibly the Lord's Prayer, and prayed the dear Lord Jesus to take him to heaven. Our informant adds that there then occurred a scene as of Pentecost. Sobs broke from strong hard hearts as the mate sprang forward to the boy and clasped him to his bosom, and kissed him and blessed him, and told him how sincerely he now believed his story, and how glad he was he had been brave enough to face death and be willing to sacrifice his life for the truth of his word. 