INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. VICTORIA Quite a sensation was created" in the Col lingwood Court yesterday by the appearance of a derotee of Bacchus named Edward Reilly, whO'Came before the bench habited in any' thing but the conventional garb. It appear ed that he bad " got screwed" the previous day, and fell into the hands of the juvenile Philistines who infest the streets of the borough, and they had almost totally denud ed him of his inexpressiblesi As it was im possible for the man to appear-in court in this state, he was supplied with a blanket to wrap round him, and thus arrayed he appeared in court,, looking as like " Mister Grumidge," in the drama of "Green Bushes," as any thing possibly could. The- effect was novel and startling but the bench not considering it edifying, ordered the man into-their pri ; vafce room, where they heard the case, and fined him 10s, or two days' imprisonment, for being drunk and disorderly. In almost the next case, a gentlemanly-looking man, who had given the euphonious, cognomen of " J&obert; William Smuggtns," was brought u.p for being drunk and unable to manage the horse on which he was riding, was let off on putting 5s into the poor-box, the bench not wishing to fine so respectable a looking person. Justice,. it would appear, is not so blind that she cannot discriminate between the relative respectabilities of superfine tweed and vulgar corduroy.-Leader. The annexation of Fiji to the Australian colonies is an event that cannot be long de layed. The British-residents in the islands, acting in perfect accord with the native chiefs,.have petitioned the British Govern ment for such annexation, or for some equiva lent recognition,, of their position as a British community. If the authorities of Downing street continue to offer a stolid resistance to the progress of civilisation and settlement in this part of the world,, it may be set down as certain that the Australian, colonies will have to determine on their own- policy in this and similar- matters. If the British Government repudiates its imperial respon sibility,. the province will have no other choice than to set up for- themselves. There is no wish on this side of the world for separation, but the policy of -Downing-street will render, separation inevitable. What we want to have is a clear intimation of what England wants. If she wishes us to set up for ourselves,, we are too dutiful to refuse compliance. We must have a clear and early understanding on the subject, for-a group of young communities cannot afford to stand still when there is work to be done. The application from Fiji should be supported from the Australian colonies by something more than good wishes.-Age VELoci£EDEs WITHOUT LIGHTS.-It is of. but little use for the Corporation of Meli bourne to make bylaws unless the police are instructed to see that they are observed and offenders punished. A few weeks since it was decided that no velocipede should be allowed to travel through the sheets after nightfall without a light, but notwithstanding tbis, venturesome velocipedists are to be seen any evening trundling^ through the streets without the necessary light, while the police look on complacently. Last evening the first accident occurred through __ this dangerous practice, a Mrs Mason, residing in Carlton, having been knocked down in Collins street east by a velocipede* and a good deal shaken. She said that the first intimation she-had of the proximity of the machine was- being knocked down by it strik : ing her in the back. The machine then ran ? over her dress,, partly tearing the skirt from the body, when the veloeipedist made off at ; full speed, without as much _as enquiring: j Wjhat mischief he had done. It is to be hoped tlus will serve as a warning, and that for the future velocipedists will be more closely looked after.-Age, 24th September. A correspondent of the Gipps Ijand Times-, has. written to that journal in very favorable , terms upon .the cultivation of tobacco.. The ; Economist thinks from the tenor of his remarks his experience has not been gained in Victoria. Our contemporary goes on to say The cultivation of this plant,, in bis opinion, is the most simple imaginable, and all housekeepers with children s help ought to have a plot of half an acre or so attached to the homestead. In the first place, the dis trict in which and for which he writes is not suitable for tobacco, and upon the authority of our manufactures, no good? leaf can be . grown this side of the great dividing range, i ,The most merchantable leaf is grown, on the liower Oxley jPliuns, AJbury, and the Billabong, and it is with difficulty that the brokers can effect a sale of leaf from any other quarter, Gipps iand leaf is usually very small, and much want ing in oil, and that peculiar gummy charac ter which it is so essential for all growers to secure, prior to harvesting the .crop, and which all our manufacturers look for when purchasing. Tobacco is never considered as a rotation crop any more than, cotton,.sugar cane, or even onions-it needs _a peculiar culture, and special manures ; Mid from first to last the grower must have a greater know ledge of agriculture tliaaa can be expected with the majority of housekeepers. Although it is not injured by either kangaroos; or birds, hailstorms, wmds^and siugsftequently blast the-hopes of owners - andi although it is- a very profitable crop when grown and' harvested under favorable circumstances, it is considered by ail practical growers to be the most ticklish plant to have anything to do with. As a proof of this,, the acea now under tillage is not a third- of what it was a I few years since in this colony. To. grow tobacco with the least prospect of success requires an outlay at first beyond the power of most small farmers ^ large airy sheds must be built for drying purposes, and as the labor necessary for successfully bringing the crop to market in heavier and more con stant than that for almost any other grown,, its- growth is confined to those who have al ready been, at the expense of building,, and who have for years made this particular cul ture their study. It is as well for growers who have not at present sent down their * leaf1 to know that the manufacturers es-j pecially object to the product being forward- ; ed in large unwieldy wool bales, as many | are in the habit of doing; packages of a cwt each ave easily managed and weighed, but larger ones of three times this weigfe are strongly objected to* and never realise their full value from this very fact." A gentleman at Launceston writing to a resident here, says-" During the corning season we must surely become a gold-bearing colony. Indeed the north- eastern portion is developing rapidly; whilst Fingal having been just visited by experts from your city, has been by them pronounced a great fact*. Indeed, Tower Hill (Goodall's) is confessed as hardly second to anyththg on your side. From the Cornwall Chronicle we take the following All the Victorians wbo visit Mr Goodall's reef at Tower Hill, fully con firm tbe account given by him of it on the 14th July last, which was published in the Cornwall Chronicle.. Messrs Copeland and M'Donald returned from'Fingal last night, and the remarks of the former gentleman made at the dinner at the Brisbane hotel will afford some idea of the value of this, property jMr Gundryvthe representative of some Mel bourne capitalists,, has also just returned from Fingal, and speaks of Tower Hill in the high est terms. He says that Mr Goodali is now down 50 feet in one shaft, and while he M>r Gundry was present put shot in the solid stone knocking down a considerable quantity. The gold does not show richly in a great many large specimens,, but seeuis to be generally diffused throughout the stone. Fifty pieces at least were picked up in the course of half an hour, in every one of which fine gold was visible to the naked eye., A. shovelful of dirt was also washed, and this yielded two grains Mr Grundry's opinion' of the district i that it will prove a rich gold field, both in the quartz and in the alluvial. Mr Gundry brings with him a. parcel of fine shotty, water-worn gold, which was obtained from alluvial ground on Carter's, elaiu at Mkmganat ^ Be says this claim is verv richi. but he believes that the chief depoaifcs-of the preeioue metal will be found on the flats below the present workings. We shall doubtless here more from Fingal before long." Writes the Ballarat Star" An amusing episode*, uncommonly like a page^from "Sandy Andy," occurred at the Theatre Royal oa Wednesday, 22nd ult,. when the Octoroon was being played^ by the Ballarat Volunteer Amateurs. A gallant officer who was-to play in the last piece, told his servant who has probably been in-his time a; wearer of the Queen's livery , to come to the dressing room at the Theatre at a- particular time,, bringing with him; some refreshments ^ and m order to make sure of the man finding the place, informed him that he was to come to him " across the stage," no- doubt feeling satisfied that the mart would come in at one of the side doors and find his way round be hind the back scene. The servant, however, had " got his orders/' and the consequence was that in one of the most particular set scenes of the " Octoroon," when the full stage was exhibited and several characters were maintaining their parts in an animated dis eussion, a human being, not in the- cast on any previous occasion, not at all Yankeeish, but exceedingly like a specimen of half col onial half Irishman, suddenly appeared be fore the footlights. He seemed as if he had come in free of charge by one of the *raps through which ghosts are wont to make their appearances ;, but what he carried made it almost apparent that he had been paying a visit to the Widow Cliquot, on the valleys of Champagne, if he had not even " brought spirits " from the vasty deep. Nothing daunted at the manner in which his interrup tion, affected the company on the plantation,; he marched in the coolest ' possiblemanner' across the stage, making an entrance, anexitr and a probably d&but;, in an exceedingly short space of -time. He. .bad entered the: Th^tre-^y,,;.^e... stalls, ladder near the orchestra, took- the most direct mode of obeying orderis.. Much' fca was creai^ by ?tbe mistake."' ? -. , . The Melbourne correspondent oftheAdver tiser writesas*foHows -"Thereisa!pbild sophy^sceraiblfe-intbedoings-oFthe *A<de laideprotectionists. If the serious- business* of4ife is not enough* to draw a crowd- of peo ple together,. the best way assuredly » *o» blend with It the element of amusement,. AJ1 love excitement^ especially when it' can be had cheap* The teetotallers, the revivalists,, and others have demonstrated this-overand* over again.. It is not,, however, "The Battle of Protection," ae composed by Mr Benja min Hoare, that induces me to notice the pro ceedings-of your recent protectiooists'meeting; somuch as the weapons uaedin-J|r:itie battle by some of the " boys" who for pro tection.''" A. great deal was-made of the fact1 that "Victoria bad started woollen mills andi clothing factories to a large extent, and tha^ they are the result of the McCuIIoch-ctijw Francis Tariffs Now, it ifjaut Tight- that the* true facts should be stated. The first woollen' mill which was projected (though-not the first completed^ was'got up by a party of free traders one of the most influential amongst them being the Vice-President of* the theni ^ Free Trade League,, and although a. bonus; was given to the Geelong factory out of the vote for promoting new industries,, the tariff/ had nothing to do with-it. On the contrary,, as Mr Skelton states,.the . cloths-with which; our own colonial-made article have to contend4 come in free. Nevertheless^ the cloth fac tories-will extend. We shall soon havetbree in operation,, and that without protection Then-as to the great clothing factori.es. It1 is, of course,, natural' for the advocates 06" restrictive tariffs to claim every advantage they can as- the result of their policy.;; butt the faGt is,that the clothing factoriesareaiofr only conducted by freetraders,.but wereCom menced,, and have been carried on.andwouid: still* be carried on without reference to the tarig, which all the proprietors wouidheglad to see abolished, as it tends only to - ^Btrictf the sale of the very clothing which tbeymake: up, and foe which, if they weie untrammelled,., a large market would be open to them. "The soft goods merchants have one object in their. business^as indeed every body has,.namely to make it as profitable as-they can. While it paid them better to import goode jready made up than to have them-here;.they import ed them. As soon^ however,, as the ||reat in crease^ the population from hpm|[-growthi brought upon the labour market hejr'esuch at | large supply of juvenile \ hands that it was found impossible to compete laMtibibe home factories, the merchan|s^a^ai|ed - themselves* of the labor thus offering^ and as the hands increased the operations were expended. One mercantile house after another took.it up-for* if it would pay one it would pay others - and thus the industry has grown, and happily the thousands of young people-the daughters of* our working population who- have sprung up* amongst us with such astonishing rapidity have found occupation ready to their hands.. Now the foundation of all this industrywas laid before Mr Prancis'a tariff wifc thought of,. and it was rapidly extending w-hen that tariff? was thrust upon the manufacturers. The alter ed social condition of our population,. th$ re ductionin the rate of wages, and such like in fluences^ have had far more to do with' the growth of these industries than anything else,, and. they have been neither created nor mate rially assisted by the new duties* If- these duties have in any way accelerated any pf the industries,, the tariff had for some time suchi 1 a staggering effort upon our intercolonial) trade that it certainly lessened the demand1! which otherwise would have been stillexpand ing for onr VSctorian-made goods..: Theblow ttius-infiicted upon our trade has,, it in- true, been nearly overcome by the enterprise off our traders,, bat we should have dos^better without it/' The Agesay s"It isreportedi tbatapro cess for etching on metals by the medium ofe" ^ photography has-been discovered by a- Mel bourne photographer. The matter,, however,, is kept as secret as possible, with: a view of? securing patents- similtapeously in Earopeandi America. It is-believed that the discovery,. if it is what it is represented as being, will? cause a revolution in the engraver's art:" This interesting telegram from Wellington! (New "South Wales)- appears in the Sydney Herald "The exploration of the caves,, under the direction of Mr Krefft and Dr A.. M. Thomson, is making good progress, and many remains of< extinct animals, some of' which are new to- science, have been discover-^ ed. A trial sfeaft is already put down in tbm ^eutre of the Breccia cave, to the depth or fifteen feet,, and bones are still found at thati depth."' A leadfer- in the Argus reviews Mr Boss's^ mission to India respecting the remount de pot at Port Darwin, and praises him for the intelligence and activity hV^liais displayed. The rain has been general throughout the* colony, and floods are reportedfixtm.seveiafi districts.. 