CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF NEW SOUTH 'WALES. Fourth General Assembly. The following is the Address delivered by the Rev. Thomas Johnson, chairman of the Union, on the evening of the 20th instant : — Bear Brethren and Friends : — Since the ministers and delegates of the Churches last met in this place, another year, with all its vicissitudes, its opportunities, and its mercies, has passed away ; and though it has been marked by nothing very extraordinary to us as a denomination, yet we have much for which to be thankfuL Our ministers have all been kept in life, and for the most part have been preserved in health, and in the prosecution of their duties ; our Churches, ' abiding in peace,' have the means of grace have been supplied. Two new churches have been opened, and set apart tor Divine worship. One beloved brother (late a student in Camden College), has been ordained lo tbe work of the holy ministry, amidst encou raging prospects of usefulness. For the comfort of peace, the signs of progress, and the amount of good effected through the Divine blessing, we offer our unfeigned and heartfelt thanks to Almighty God, and pray ' prosper thou the work of our hands upon us; O, prosper Thou our handywork.' But the year, though, for the most part, quiet and calm with us, has been an unusually eventful one to the in terests of Christ's Kingdom at home. It was well said, in the report of the Congregational Union of England and Wales, at its meeting in London during the month of May, that, — 'Public opinion upon ecclesiastical questions haB ripened with the rapidity which finds its parallel in the sudden outbreak of spring, after a long and dreary winter, when the germinant properties of nature develop them selves into various forms of life and beauty. Principles, which were sown in hope by devoted men, who went forth weeping, bearing precious seed, have sprung up and brought forth fruit abundantly.' Some of us have known what it was to hold those principles which have now become so popular when there seemed bnt little prospect of their rising into the ascendant so soon. From tbe changes which haTe taken place in Great Britain, with reference to ecclesiastical establish ments, we ehould be encoursged, if we have and hold principles that are true, to hold them firmly, however un popular they may seem to be. Be sure a true principle can never die. Every true principle has a eermanant power in it, end, however deeply buried beneath the cumbrous weight of conventional opinion, custom, prejudice, or ignorance, seoner or later, end probably much sooner than appearances would seem to indicate, it will find its way to the surface. It is very noteworthy how the arguments against the iniquity of all religious establishments were quietly soaking into the public mind, and when the clock of destiny struck, tbe people were found ripe and ready for the change. Let us then have faith in our distinctive principles, faith in truth, and faith in God as the God of Truth. But, while we cannot be unaffected by the stupendous changes which have recently taken place in referenoe to ecclesiastical affairs and questions at home— when such mighty tidal waves of sentiment aro flowing over the nations, and obliterating ancient barriers and distinctions ; while our hearts glow with jubilant thankfulness that we have lived to see these times, sod while we feel enoonraged as we look forward to still further and fuller developments of those principles which, as a denomination, we most sacredly cherish and most firmly hold— yet, as we are so distant from the scene of warfare and of victory, and have not the same reason to complain — (there being, happily, no religious Establishment in this land) — we should judge it unwise to import either the controversies or the unseemly strifes which those controversies almost invariably engender into the midst of society here, Not to have taken some notice of these things, and not to have expressed our thank fulness on this occasion, would have exposed ub to the charge of disloyalty to our cherished convictions ; to do or say more new, might seem unnecessary and unwise. Let us therefore for the present, 'rest and be thankful.' Knowing, what is expected of your Chairman, I have looked forward to these meetings of the brethren with con siderable solicitude. What we all want to know; I am sure, is how we may but serve God and our generation : and if what I may now say shall lead to earnest thought, shall put us on the track of inquiry, or shall help us to realise more vividly our responsibilities ; we shall not have come together in vain, and when the meetings are over I trust wo shall .return to our several spheres, to work not less earnestly and hopefully, and therefore, not less successfully, in the cause of our divine and glorious Lord. Leaving then, the realms of speculative truth, and tho controversies of the times, to those more acquainted with their mysteries, and better qualified to grapple with their difficulties, I shall confine myself to those things which are more immediately practical. Finding ourselves then in this land and deeply interested in its progress, anxious for the wellbeing of its inhabitants, and for tho development of its resources, what do we see around us, and what is our duty as citizens, as patriots, and as Christians, with respect to what we see ? The outlook we have been enabled to take of the moral and spiritual condition of tho people (for it is with this that we as a religious community are now more especially con cerned) is by no means consoling. From all reliable sources of information, as, for instance, the charges of our judges and the reports of our criminal proceedings, it is evident that crime is rampant in tho land, robbery and murder are of frequent occurrence. Neither life nor property are sacred in the eyes of many of the people. In some districts of the colony gross ignorance prevails, while generally drunkenness and licentiousness abound ; Sabbath desecra tion, profaneness, blasphemy, and a reckless infidelity are to be seen on every hand; and such is tho indifference manifested to spiritual things, that God and His claims, Christ aid His Gospel, tho Holy Ghost and the Holy Bible are quietly ignored. Of multitudes of tho people it may be said with truth, they neither fear God nor regard man, they are enthraled and engrossed by tho materialism around them, they live in and for tho present, and are making no preparation whatever for the life beyond. This being the case, our duty as a part of the Christian community is plain. We cannot contemplate such a state of things without being deeply moved ; and surely we have the weightiest reasons, and the most urgent motives, in common with our fellow Christians of every name, to endeavour to counteract these evils. To show 'tho impor tance of this, the difficulties in tho way, and how those difficulties are to be met and overcome, will be the object of our further remarks in this paper. It will always be true, that while ' righteousness cxalteth a nation, sin is tho reproach,' the weakness, and ultimately the ' destruction of any people.' 'The nation and king dim that will not serve thee,' says the Prophet Isaiah, ' shall perish, yea tboso nations shall bo utterly wnEted.' And all history proves that this is true. We bavc not to do here, however, with tho vices and crimes peculiar to an ancient nation, or au effete and worn-out civilisation, but with tho fresh and vigorous outgrowths of a young and thriving people ; and if wo can benefit the present generation, we shall be benefiting the colony for all coming time. We are here, as it has beon said, at the beginning of things. We are now to lay the foundation of the mighty superstructure which further ages will build up, to carve the channels and to prescribe the grooves through which the streams of its future life are to flow. Great are our privileges. O ! that we may be wise to improve them, that we may ' understand the signe of the times, and know what Israel ought to do.' But if our privi leges are great, so are our responsibilities. Opportunity now waits upon us — a great ana effectual door is now open to us, which no one can sbut. Let us beware lest, by our incapacity, or our indisposition to enter, we allow it to close of itself. If we act strongly and unitedly now, we may do much to stamp the character of the colony and to determine its destiny for all coming time. Nor is this less important, when we consider the influence of this colony on the regions beyond. That New South Wales is destined to be a great country, and to play un important part in the world's future, we have no doubt; that it will be peopled and ruled by the Anglo-Saxon race seems equally certain. It was not by accident, we may be sure, that these lands came under British rule. Indeed, there is nothing accidental in human history, either as regards nations or individuals ; ' What are accidents with ns are purposes with God.' It was not for our national aggrandisement then, but for the working out of Divine purposes in the social, the moral, and tbe spiritual regene ration of the race, that so large a portion of the earth's surface and so great a number of its inhabitants were brought under tbe power of Great Britain. It does not require much of the prophet's insight to perceive that the destinies of the world are to a great extent 1)5, nnd up with the destinies of the Anglo-Saxon race. What that race is the world will be. That race seems likely to be the predominating power in tbe world's future. It is everywhere spreading its influence, _ everywhere pushing its conquests, everywhere winning its victories. Let it but piant its foot upon the shore, and its first settle ment is made. The end may then be predicted — before long it will claim the territory as its own. Older nations and people of softer mould must, and do, give way before it. Already it has planted its flag in almost every clime ; and wherever it goes it takes its language and its literature, its science and its laws, its institutions and its religion. This race is in possession of this land, and perhaps the wildest dreamer never supposes it will pass out of their hands. And as they are here, and have evidently so important a part to play, how desirable that they be brought under the restraining and quickening influences of the Gospel of Christ. Let there be a strong and enlightened Christian Empire established here, and how widely will its blessings be diffused around. With what a power of good will it act upon the islands of the Southern Seas, and upon the teeming 'millions of pagans and heathens in India and China beyond. That there are difficulties connected with this enterprise all will admit. Indeed, none know so much of their appalling magnitude as those who have spent their days and nights in tiying to overcome them. There are dif ficulties arising from our common nature as men, which are substantially the same in every age and in every land, of which we do not now particularly speak. Wo here confine our attention more especially to those peculiar to our people and our times. There are amongst us, for instance, the thriftless, who, having failed at home, bave come here in the forlorn hope of getting on, but who find that the conditions of success are much the same in every place ; the enterpriEing, who have come to push their way, to win a competence and return ; the ambitious, who finding all the avcnueB to distinction preoccupied in the old coustry, have come here with the intention of climbing to the highest places of wealth and influence ; the reckless and the un steady, who have been sent out by their friends, in the desperate hope that, when severed from their old associa tions, they might make a fresh start, and live a new life, to Eay nothing of those of whom much might be said, but which it is best should be forgotten. Looking at the varieties and admixtures of character, of nation, and of faith ; at the fast living and the feverish excitement so common, which is so detrimental to the habit of serious thonghtfulness, without which there can be no staid, intelligent, religious character at all, is it matter ef surprise that the work of evangelisation should be specially difficult and slow ? One great hindrance to the spread of Christianity amongst as arises from the restless and unsettled habits of the population. Nothing is more discouraging to the Church, and more disheartening to the minister, than the shifty end the migratory habits of the people. Just as we get to know them, and to hope we are doing them some good, they are gone from our reach and our influence, and we see them no more. This is one of the phases of life at present in the land— especially in this city and its suburbs —which time may remedy, bnt which meanwhile is very detrimental to the religious character of our population. It will be well for the Churches, and for all concerned, when the people have had time to form strong personal attachments, and to get a fixed, as well as a ' local habita tion and a name.' Another hindrance to our work arises from the scepticism that is so common and wide-spread in our day. That there should be a large amount of scepticism in this land will surprise no one who takes a wide view of the character of our population, — of the classes from which they have sprung— the motives which have brought them here, and the state of things existing in our midst, Aocording to an inspired writer, it is the fool that hath said in his heart there is no God ; and, generally speaking, it will be found that those who think it a merit to mock at God and at all things sacred, have never either diligently read, or earnestly and deeply thought upon the matters about which they so glibly dispute. Their infidelity arises, not so much from thought, as from tho want of thought ; not so much from the conclusions of the intellect, as from the state of the moral feelings, not so much from either the character or the culture of the mind, as from the disposition of the heart. And though by no means formidable in itself, yet, by its bold and daring utterances, its boasted freedom of thought, and its happy deliverance from what it is pleased to call the mere anti quated forms and follies of belief, it is peculiarly fascinating to the young who are many of them glad to be liberated from the restraints of religion, the scruples of conscience, and tho fear of God. But there Is a subtler, and, perhaps, a more dangerous form of scepticism affecting the minds of many of our people which does not amount to positive opposition to the truth, which, nevertheless, unfits them for looking candidly at it. If they have not altogether lost their con fidence in the Gospel, they have not now a deep, ingenuous, unhesitating, and unquestioning conviction of its reality and necessity. Perhaps this is not surprising when we remember the depraved tendencies of our nature, the spas modic activity of the human mind in these days, the wide spread influence of sceptical ideas through the Press, and the controversies, rationalistic, ritualistic, and scientific, which of late years have been going on. We are not of those who subscribe unhesitatingly.to the sentiment of tbe poet, tbat a ' little knowledge is a dan gerous thing but we have often marvelled with what haste people in their ignorance, or at best but half know ledge, have arrayed the facts of science against the teach ings of revelation, as though they could ever be really op posed the one to the other. True science we hail. Its dis coveries and facta will always be found to harmonise with the broad and genuine teachings of the Bible. But there is such a thing as 'science falsely so called ' or as true science bnt half understood ; and, as we all know, a half truth may be in its consequences as disastrous as a whole error. But we bave no need to distress ourselves about the developments of science, as though any discoveries now to be made would overturn the foundation of things. It is instructive to observe how completely tho Bible anticipates the various forms of antagonism which are brought against it from age to age, and how little it is moved by all the rage and insolence of its adversaries. With calm majesty asd grace it still holds on its way, shoding a mild and benign light upon the great problems of existence, guiding all who will submit to its teachings into tbe harbour of eternal repose. Let us have faith in God, and we need 'fear no evil.' 'In quietness and in confidence shall be our strength.' If we mistake not, we may already see in the Heavens the signs of a better day. The pulse of the public mind beats more healthy than it did. People are beginning to find that mere negations do not satisfy — that the mind requires pesitive truth in order to its comfort and repose. When therefore these clouds of doubt which of late have dark ened our sky have passed away. It will be seen that even the scepticism that has prevailed, has not been without its uses, nay, that it has had its place in God's plan of educa tion, and has been made subservient to the interests of His ingdotu. With the honest nnd fioci.ro doubter, wo must I'e patient, tender, kind, leading him in'o the light ns he is eble to bear it. In meeting his riiflioiiltics. nnd in establish ing hits in the truth, we must .uc.'uut no labour too 'ir i J ouf , and no sacrifice too great. Another, nnd a much more form: Jell? hinir/inca vrc en counter in the icdilieri-occ to religious things th-it charac terises eo many of ihe people ; they have not suflleient inte rest in the weightiest of all mattirs as even to oppose them. The (ouses uf tbiE indifference, 1 njipiehfLd, are not far ti Beck. Some having succei-ded in ioiproving their Facial position, have ndoptid such a style of living, aad hare found such associations, that tbi-y care n t now to be 60en too frequently at church, or to be known be closely identi fied with religious ,.1'ji-cts. Others not succeeding to their expectations bave become disheartened and discouraged, ])trhopf also soured in temper, and out of love with all llii'Bff fscr(d af will nf civil. Many too Undine- themselves free from the rcftriiois of borne and friends, and not settling down at once with souie religious society, and going heartily into the work of the Church as soon as they arrived, have relinquished the habit of attendance on religious worship, and thU6, giving way to spiritual sloth, now 'care for cone of these things!' c frequently meet with indivi- j duals. most respectablv connected, the children of Christian parents, who themselves were members of Churches at Louie, who tithiT came out without letters of transfer, or -who keeping them back at first, and remaining 'unat- tached,' bavc fallen back into the ranks of the world. These are now amongst the most difficult to reach, or to benefit by the Gospel. flothing that we have to deal with is eo discouraging, so hopeless as this indifference. It hangs upon ub like a dejussitsg atmosphere, paralysing all our droits. It is said by some, that the working classes are drifting further and further away from the Churches, and from all religious organisations and enterprises. Whether thi6 be true, I am cot prepared to say ; I doubt, however, whether they are less religious as a cUes than those above them, or more difficult 10 reach. But, as an honoured brother is to submit to you his views as to tbe best method of reaching the working classes, I will not forestall what be mar say by any farther remarks upon that subject now. X further and a serious hindrance to the spread of the Gospel arises from the want of reverence in the people generally, and especially in the young. This is one of the first things thai strikes an observant stranger when he lands on onr choree. Irreverence is, no doubt, more or less a characteristic of most young communities where there ere few antiquities, and bnt little to apoeal, to the organ of ?feneration, la older communities the ruins of ancient abbeys, and churches, and religions houses, and the ex istence of shrinee that hare besn frequented by the devout for ages, are all eloquent of the past as well as of the future. They were embodiments of the religious feelings End sentiments of the times, and the associations and lecollcetions connected with them greatly tend to foster the feeling of reverence in the mind. But here evervthing is Sew : — oar cities end towns are all new ; our habitations, many of them stately and imposing, are all new ; our churches are all new. I like to worship in an ancient sanctuary, covered with ivy of ages, which, ever green, is a beautiful emblem of the everlasting life ministered ts and cherished within. Bnt our young people have, many of them, never seen these things they have never felt j Ihe charm of worshipping in the came sacred edifice where | their ancestors for ages bowed in prayer, where they had 'visions of the beautiful city, where they saw the face of God and of His throne. And neither the style of our ecclesiastical edifices, nor their associations, are sufficiently venerable to awe the mind of the worshipper as is desirable. Reverence, however, is an important ally to devotion ; and reverence for God's truth, for God's house, for God's service, and for God's servants is calculated to lead the mind to a feeling of reverence for God himself. 1 he want of respectful deference for superior excellency, and of reverence for venerable snd righteous age so charac teristic of many of the young people of this colony, is not only very painful to witness, but it indicates a state of mind very unfavourable to the reception of the Gospel. We must aim, therefore, in our exhibition of the truth, and is our manifestations of the religious life, te let them see tbat there is something beautiful, venerable, and sub lime about sacred things, — that there is a charm about serene and cheerful godliness Dot to be found elsewhere. We much need in our democratic society, and with our democratic institutions and tendencies, all the conserving influences of a deep, true, serious, end earnest religious life. Are all our modes of worship, and our mani festations of the religious life eo well calculated to awe the mind as they might be r Is the church likely to gain upon the respect and veneration of the young by its close and intimate alliance with the pleasure-seeking and popular amusement-loving spirit of the day : I have no quarrel with these ministers and religious people who, no doubt from the best of motives, give their countenance and assistance to such things ; but I have a feeling that it is making religion very cheap, and that the amusing dialogue and the comic song do aot well St with the veceisbleccss of religion, which has to do with the everlasting concernments of the soul. It may be well ?enough to ' become all things to all men that we may save some,' but the gains must be great to compensate for the loss of eacredness which the Church sustains by her apparent countenance of the questionable practices which prevail in what is called the religious world in the present day. In pointing out the hindrances to our work, and to the spread of religion amongst the people, 1 must not — with my convictions, I dare not — omit to mention, the drinking customs end habits of the day. Whatever may be our 1 views as to the remedies proposed for the counteraction as to the removal of the evil, in one thing we are all agreed, Tiz., as to the magnitude of the evil itself. Our Judges and magistrates tell ns that drunkenness is the cause, directly or indirectly, of three-fourths of the crime com anitied'in the land, and that if we could make the people sober tbeir occupation would be gone ; for not less than three-fourths of all the cases with which they have to deal spring directly ei indirectly from intemperance. And do cot many of our troubles in the Church arise from the tame cause? And until this giant will is smitten in the forehead we Bhall continue to have a plentiful tarvest of crime in the land; troubles will be -continually cropping up in our Churches, and the success of our work will continue to be retarded, it would not become me, as your Chair man, to abuse your confidence^ by taking advantage of any .position to hurl anathemas against any class of men in our community, cor am I disposed to do eo, as to chaise the people in this colony with being more intemperate in | their habits than the people at heme, for I do not believe they are. Koran* I going to denounce all men as unfaithful to their convictions who have not arrived at the same i conclusions as myself ; but I do hope te see the day when public opinion, and especially the public opinion of our Churches and of all people professing godliness, shall be, as X think, sounder and mote enlightened on this question. I em persuaded it is a question with which the Church, for its own interests as well as for tha good of the community, ' must ultimately deal ; and the sooner it does so ia a wise asd temperate manner the better. Many I know are anxinisly considering the matter — they are almost per Euadcd— J would to God they were altogether convinced. Let the Chnrch be thoroughly instructed on this subject, let its conscience be once roused and its sympathies engaged, and the days of this monstrous evil of intemperance will be numbered. But how, it may be asked, are all these difficulties and fcisdrances to be* removed or overcome f Not much I fesr is fo be hoped in the Way of improvement from our young men's mutual improvement societies and Christian associations, as at present constituted. There may be ex ceptions to the rule ; but, as a rule, they have not been productive of so much benefit as they might have been «ither to Church or people. When they interfere with the habit of attendance npon the week-night services, or foster in the young a state of mind unfavourable to the serious consideration and reception of religious truth, they are un doubtedly an evil. They have been of unquestionable service in preserving some of our young m en from falling into the demoralising habits and customs so common in this city, and they may yet become a power for good. But if we would improve the character of our community we must look well to the education of the young. We have now happily a system of education vigorously worked in the Public schools which cannot but result in great cood to the children and the rising youth of the colony. We have sympathy whatever with those who denounce the Public school system as a godless system because their peculiar dogmas 'are not taught by it. On the contraiy, we tear our cerdial testimony to the high moral tone sustained and cnftrced by it, and are thankful that go much scriptural knowledge is imparted in connexion Viih such a sound ana thorough mental training. But the Public schools cannot do all that is needed. What is done Iheie must be supplemented by the efforts of the Sunday School, the Church, and the home. It may be well also for HE as ministers to consider whether we are doing all that we might, whether we take sufficient pains to bring the young into contact with ourselves. I know it may be pleaded that Ve have not time, and that with our many and pressing en gagements the thing is impossible. No one is more sensible of these difficulties, or has felt them more keenly than I bave myself, yet I am not satisfied with the plea. I feel as if scmnhiDg more ought and must be done. We ought to incw, wherever possible, all the children in our church and I echo js, and to make them all feel, however poor or young, that we are their friends, and that we are interested in their -welfare. No labcur will be so reproductive, so certainly ard so widely beneficial, as labour bestowed upon the young. But in order to benefit them we must begin with them -arly. The good John Kewton eays, I compare the .human mind to a bushel, and I try to fill it with wheat l*fore the Devil can get there to fill it with chaft' And we have inspired authority for believing that a pious edu cation is the best safeguard te virtue, fot Solomon Bays, -'Train up a child in the way he should go, snd when he is old he will cot depart from it.' Heaoe also the Apostolic injunction to parents te ' bring up their children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.'' Too much stress cannot possibly be laid upon this matter. The -character of the colony in the future depends very much, tinder God, upon the character of the education of the children and the young people in the present day. Let them be well and soundly traintd in a knowledge of the eejii/tuies, and the principles of the Gospel, and we may lope to see ere long astrong and well consolidated Christian .empire rising in this land. Again, if we would improve the character of our com munity more regard must be paid to the character of our liomes. One of the greatest evils of the present day, and one of the greatest hindrances to the spread of religion, siifes from the fact that our young people are so little at Jbome. They are allowed to be ont in the open world, and in tbe glare of public life, before they are able to bear it. The meetings of societies, and the popular amusements of the day, which call voung people lium their homes | f-vciy evening in the week, are exerting a bid influence. - They tuny do some pood, but the p - id ihey do is lik'ly to be greatly overbalanced bv the evils to which they leal. They keep the niind in a constmt fever-heat uf excitement, so that there is neither the time nor the inclination for i;uii-t and useful rending, for serious thought and roil^tion, ^ r f or the t xercises of prayer and dtvotioa. - We sec in the Li'ildy cscitunent, the frivolity, the inst ibiliiy, and tha irieligioueness cf the Frcnch people what Si-'ic'y when the quiet of home is forsolteD fjr life iu ppV.ic. L'n l-r mch discipline men lusy grow- sharp, but tiiey will alii grow shallow. They may Be Eiuart, clever, curface men, but they will not be deep, thoughtful, s'jjuj men. Tlic-y may be delivered from the follies of supcretition, but they will most likely be destitute also of religious faith. Such a Mate of things is very unfavourable to healthy mental jieveloprnent, and to true religious growth. Character can not root itself in such a coil. Humility or rcvereuce cannot Ircathe in such r.n atmosphere. Such' a process may force en on early precocious growth, but it will never minister to robust and healthy manhood. Are eur avowedly Christian homes all they shoull be'r Are they as devout in spirit, and as holy in their chirjcter tnd influences as they might be; Are Christian parents sufficiently careful in watching over the morals and the mnnners of their children, in guarding them against dan gerous practices, doubtful associations, and unholy com panionships ? Are they sufficiently select in the literature i bey patronise, and in the kind of amusements and pastimes they allow 'r Is the home, as we see it here, just ttie place where deep, true, vital Godliness is likely to be fostered ; where early consecration to Christ may be expected, where intelligent piety and steadfast faith will be nurtured into strength, ft should br so ; it must be so, before any great nnd decided improvement in the religious life iu the commu nity can be looked for. It is to Christian homes and Christian families that we naturally look for the et.-ady increase of our churches, for the best cf our strength, for our ministers and deacons, our teachers and workers, and for the most useful and re-liable of our members. But do our Christian families supply our churches with such a steady iLcrease of such members as we ought to expect ? I think not ; and if cot, why not God is not unfaithful to his promise, ' Hie car is cot heavy that He cannot hear, Eciihrr is His arm shsrtened that He cannst save.' le net the cause to be found in the want of a deepw ton? t-f religious feeling in the home, It may be said that parents cannot make their children pious,— that conversion is the work of God ; eo neither can the husbandman make a harvest, but he can plough the ground and sow the seed, and when he does so, be is seldom disappointed of a crop. And when Christian parents use the proper means for the promotion of piety in their children, they are warranted to expect the Divine blessing. The late venerable Mr. Jay, of Bath, says, ' When we look back to our earlier forefathers, we find religion a kind of heirloom in the family, and the gcEeratiens of the upright were blessed ; and, though grace never came by natural descent, and that vrhich was bom ' was bom not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God,' God heard prayer and blessed instruction, endeavour, and example, so that ' instead ef 'be fathers were the children, whom the Lord made princes in the earth.' ' The Psalmist certainly teaches us to expect an entail of good in godly families, for he Eays, ' The mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to ever lasting upon* them that fear Him, and His righteousness unto children's children, to such as keep His covenant, nnd to thoje that remember His commandments to do them.' « * * * « But are we, as Congregationalism, doing what we ought r Are we taking our proper share of the work requiring to be done. We are doing something, and we have no wish to underrate the work we are doing, the influence we are exert ing, or the difficulties that press peculiarly npon us in our C' ion, and with onr principles. As voluntaries we have from the first, and are still, at a great disadvantage, 0 there, with more pliant consciences, or more accommodating principles, taking aid from the State, have forestalled us in many places ; and in consequence of our inability to com pete with them thus aided, we have suffered the further disadvantage of losing many of our members, who in those places have become incorporated with other religious bodies. Still, we are cot doing all we mighty or all we ought to do ; but a better day is dawning. Thanks to Camden College and to ita able and accomplished Professors, a ministry is rising amongst us' which will greatly aid in spreading Christianity in the land. I hope to etc the number of our churches greatly increased. Acd is it not worth our consideration, whether we might cot establish a bush ministry, so as to send the Gospel to the thin and sparsely populated districts of tbe colony i The weightiest motives urge us to diligence, for we ffhall in crease in strength and in usefulness just in proportion as we seek to benefit those who at present are outside of all Christian influences and organisations ; while, as a denomi nation, we shall wither and decay if we neglect our duty in this direction. 'It is a law of Providence,' says a late writer, ' repeatedly exemplified, in the history both of Churches and nations, that however prosperous and power ful they may be, as soon as they have deviated into the depravities and errors which deteriorate human nature— so soon as Ihey have ceased to act beneficially upon society, and thus to work out God's purposes for the well-being of man — so soon have they begun to decline, and have ulti mately passed away.' And it is a fact, that each of the nations and empires of antiquity advanced and prospered so long as they were helping to 'benefit mankind ; but each ceased to advance and began to decay when it ceased to j be helpful to others. The fact that they are our friends and neigh- i tx.urs whom we are called to help, shiuld be | nn additional stimulus to our activity. The evil to be remedied is at home, at our very doors; and if we do cot act powerfully upon the irreligion uf the people to remove or mitigate its evils, the irreligion of tbe people will act powerfully upon us to our damage. I If we allow moral filth to fester in our streets, and to im pr- gnate the very atmoephere we breathe and in which we live, can we, neea we, wonder if eur spiritual health and :£uit of our friends should suffer in consequence ? We must cast the purifying element of Gospel lore and truth into the turbid tide of godlessness, or it will overflow and desolate the land. If we allow the prevailing wickedness to go nnrebuked and unchecked, when the cup of our national iniquity is full, and judgment is about to do its strange work, think not that it will pass us by. We do well to send help to heathen lands. We do not do too much for abroad, but we must do more for home. It ehould quicken our activity to remember that all the agencies of evil are active. Error dies upon the wings of every wind. Her agents are to be found trading in every mart, ploughing in every field, sailing in every sea, busy in every walk of life. Satan, the great foe of God and man, with all bis agents is always active. They ndther tire nor flag in their efforts, and never need to be urged not to grow weary in evil doing; and shall not we be diligent in so good a caufe, serving eo good a Master, who has'set us an example, that we ehould follow in his steps.' Tho example of activity set as by our fellow Christians of other Churches ehould quicken our efforts and provoke us to a generous rivalry in 'love and good works.' Others beside the four denominations aided by the State are in the field. Everything, therefore, calls upon us for increased zeal and consecration to the service of God. Let us lay the moral and spiritual condition of the colony upon our hearts, and in our prayers in the closet, in the family, and in the church, let us implore ' the Lord our God to arise and to have mercy upon us.' As patriots, as lovers of our country, anxious for the prosperity of the people, acd the establishment of law *nd order in the land, as those who are desirous of preset -- ig the purity of our hearths and homes, let us endeavout - spread an intelligent Christian influence around ue. philanthropists, who would dry up every fountain - j human misery and increase the sum total of human hapr - nrss, let ub' prove our right to the name, by carry1 . the greatest good to the greatest number of the people. As Cocgregationalists, called to witness to noble and glorious principles, and to take our share of the work of teaching mankind, let us make it evident thct we are not mere theoretical dreamers, out earnest prac tical Christians ; let us aim to give our principles fitting embodiment iu well organised, scripturally-constituted, and wisely-governed churches. Then shall we be worthy eons of worthy sires, and shall transmit to coming ages a rich heritage of truth acd a history fraught with quickening influences, instructive lessons, and inspiring hopes. Fidelity to our convictions and our principles, ts our people and our position, and to the blaster whom we serve, re quires this at our hands. And now, I prey God, that the spirit of love and peaoe may be abucdactly shed upon us is ell our meetings— that all'onr deliberations may tend to the welfare of our churches and the promotion of the Divine glory— that we, enjoying the communion of saints, acd the fellowship of Christ, may be refreshed acd strengthened by the mutual faith that is ic us all, and may return, beth ministers and laymen, to our several spheres, to work with increasing ardour acd hope. Our Lord says, 'Work while it is day, for the night cometh.' Brethren, our working days on earth will soon be over ; let ue, therefore, listen to the vcioe that is ever sounding from the past—' Whatsoever thine hand findeth to do, do it with thy might' And may the God ef might and of peace both guide and keep us, that we may be ' faithful unto death,' and receive at His hands 'a crown of life.' ArsTBALL&s; Mctcm. Peovidest SociiTr.— We are authorised to state that the certificates of Bonus, assigning the relative proportion of the divisible profit ascertained at the recent investigation to the individual members ef the assurance branch, will issue through the Post Office before the end of the current month. The calculations were commenced immediately after the adoption of the report by the quinquennial meeting held on the 2Sth July, end the laborious task involved has been performed so expeditiously that, notwithstanding nearly seven times as many policies are now entitled to participate as participated at the investigation of 1861, the certificates will issue within little more than a month of the time of year on which they wee distributed on that occaslsn. Accidext at Makvtak.— A man named Oslington, about 66 yean of age, while employed in loading a dray at the railway station on Thuredav, fell from the platform and broke his legabove the knee. He is to be taken to Gaul bum Hospital. Discoveet or ax other Qcabtz Beep.— We hear from Tuesa (eaye the Southern Arg ih) that a good reef has been discovered on a range at the back of Mr. Joseph Calling's land at Nobea's Bed, near Tuena. A great rush has token place there, and a large quantity of land was leased end a number of claims were pegged out on Tuesday last. Some of the stone, eo far as our informant ia able to judge, will run ten ounces te the ton ; hut he does not ex pect that it will average quite eomudh as this. 