EXTRACTS FSOJi A POLICEMAN'S NOTE-BOOK. Lost, by an irascible individual, ius temper. 2J.B.—This article is being so frequently lost that only a small reward is offered. Lost, by an indignant father, two nights' sleep. The thief is supposed to be a teething baby. Lost, by a young lady, at a ball, her appetite: could really only play with the wing of a chicken. Lost, her teeth, by a young lady, sixty years of age. A person of the name of Time is considered to be the thief; also. Lost, his hair, by an individual who occasionally differs in opinion with his wife. Question for Smokers.—What 1s the price of a fire-plug of tobacco ? A Photographic Firm.—Collodion, Sun, and Camera. JOES BY THE CHIEF SECRETARY. Nov that Parliament is prorogued we shall probably find many good things enlivening the i heavy columns of the Government Gazettee. The subjoined is a pretty fair beginning:— "Tlie following return of deatns which have occurred in Her Majesty's Gaol at Adelaide is published for general information. I " John T. Bagot. Chief Secretary. "Beturn of deaths in Her Majesty's Gaol at Adelaide for the half-year ending 31st December, 1868, "iTiL " William E. Boothby, Sheriff." If this is what the Chief Secretary and the Sheriff call a "return of deaths," we wish them many happy returns of the same sort. CONS. What most clogs a commercial traveller! -His patte(r}ns. What is an annual crop of hair?—An year wig. What is the use of a cradle?—For kid-napping. What do sparrows like?—Cherry pec(k)toral, of course. What charge do birds take exception to?—The charge of powder. How can you sing waterproof?—By pitching your voice. A Crystal Ghost.—A glass shade. Epitaph on a Billiard Playei.—The long rest. The mostsensible Letters of the Alphabet.—Y, Z. The Corporation ZeaL—Flagging. The " tfionry" Land—South Australia. Motto for the Newly Married—United we stand, DOES IX PAT TO SMOKE? Perhaps it does, aud perhaps it doesn't. It all depends. It may, or it may not. What's it to you? Mind your own business. Who smokes? What is it that is smoked? Is it bacon? or chimneys? or opium? or cabbage-leaves? or beef! or mutton? Taken in conjunction with "Will the Coming Man Drink Wine?"' we think—ah hum\x=req-\ that; in fact, we will let you know in our next. GOVERNMENT GBAHMAB. The Gazette of the 4th February contains the following announcement:—"Bloomfield Douglas, Esq., Lieut. E.N.E., Collector of Her Majesty's Customs, having resigned the appointment of President of the Marine Board, ills Excellency Administering the Government, in Executive Council, has been pleased to accept the same. By command, John T. Bagot, Chief Secretary." Are we to understand from the foregoing that [ the Acting Governor is also President of-the Marine Board, or would it be treasonable to suggest that the Hon. the Chief Secretary should immediately place himself in communication with, the Central Board of Education with the view of i renewing his acquaintance with the late Mr. Lindley | Murray? I GOVEBNHENT YALENTUTES. As to-morrow is St; Valentine's Day the present is a suitable moment to mention that even the Government of this colony are not above joining in the time-honoured custom of sending out a valentine now and then. The following lines will explain:— • O! shepherds South Australian, year lot is more Arcadian Than that of Greek or Boman, sung by the tuneful Nine, For to keep you all in order along the scabby border," You've Governments who send to you their loriag Valentine! SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. Imports—One case of sihallpox, Dr. Duncan; two trunks of elephants. Dr. Bchombuigk; ona stage coach. Theatre BoyaL Arrived—The papers recently state that "the steamer Bangatira turned up on Saturday afternoon, and immediately steamed over the bar into harbour/' How she " turned up" is not explained ; but if it enabled her to get over the bar without risk of damage from that intolerable obstruction, we shall be glad to see other vessels turn up. The more the merrier. HEWS OF THE 'WEEK. A gentleman has written to the Government, enquiring " Why his naime has been omnrited from the list of gestises of the peas in Boothhr's Directory." Beply has been senk thai the Attoraev-Geuewl was of opinion be required « MepeU. _« A 