NOTES BY BUGGINS. Come to a gossip's feaat And come with me. — Shakespeare. I had read sueh a number of adverse criti cisms in Melbourne newspapers emanating from a class of gentleman who are supposed to under stand the subject upon which they treat, aad to have gained their knowledge in a more extensive I field than afforded in tho limits arfc /t.iwt.. nf Mia I colonies, that I firmly believed Mr. Henry Talbot to be a mere charlatan of a Tragedian, and I went down to the Prince of Wales opera house last Saturday evening, fully impressed with the conviction that I was about to witness a lamentable and miserable failure. Now I con sider the good people of Sydney are as competent to form a correct estimate of an actors merits and qualifications, as the people of Melbourne, and still more 1 am fully persuaded that our colonial oritics are not yet sufficiently advanced in their profession to ignore totally the opinions expressed by the London press. The piece selected by Mr. Talbot for his debut, was Mack lins' comedy of the 'Man of fche World,' one of the class of plays, long since deservedly gone out of fashion and whiah has little to recom mend it to a modern audience. The enthusiastic welcome accorded to Mr. Talbot must havo con vinced him that at aay rate whatever his talents as an act-or, the audience were determined he should have a fair hearing, and they cheered him for fully five minutes before they would allow the dialogue to proceed. Nor as the play proeeeded had they any reason to regret their enthusiastic reception of him for the perform ance was a most artistic one, uot only as regards the Sir Pertinax Maosycophant of Mr. Talbot, but of evory member engaged in the cast. The curtain fell to great applause, the house was crowded and the verdict passed bj the audience, was that the 'star,' had made a hit,— 'a very palpable hit.' On Monday Macbeth, on Tuesday Richelieu— in the former there was nothing very particularly striking- either good bad or iudifferent, until the Banquet scene and the interview with the ghost of the Banquo, here it , was that Mr. Tal'oot proved the possession of j tragic powers of the highest wrier, he fairly took I the house by storm and through the remaining ! acta was equally successful. As the Cardinal I Richelieu he appeared to me to be labouring too mechanically with the characier, aud it was not until the fourth act, that he shook off the tramals of stage conventionality ; the lin*» com Bvjnoing thus ; — Mark, where she stand* ! arouud her form 1 draw The awful circle of our solemn Church ! Set but a footk within that holy ground, And on thy head I launch the curse of Rome, were given with power, and were electrical in their effect upon the audience. Mr. Talbot has appeared iu King John, Merchant of Venice Katherine aud Petruccio, and other pieces, dur ing tho week. He should (a« no doubt he does) congratulate himself npon his rare good fortune in having so excellent a company to support him :— Mr. Hoskins (a hoafc in himself), Mr. Bartlett, Mr, Charles young, Mr. W. Andrews, and various otuers too numerous to mention in the 8' nail space allotted to me in this weeks issue Mi; a Rosa Cooper has sustained tb« principal e ar*ctora with bar well known a«« lity, aud ban very greatly contributed to Mr. TalboVs success in Sydney by her intellectual aw» powerful performances., 