PrCKIXGS FROM " ADEL UDF PUNCH.' EXTRACTS FaOH A POLICEMAN'S NOTE BOOK. by N H Vr a k ?. ,'rascible individual, his temper. nn only I.TB a small 18 I, reward artlcle is oflered. J s , 80 frequently Lst that a D indignant father, two nights' sleep. The thief is supposed to be a teethins babv •i 1, a > ou ng lady, at a ball, heraooetite- Xit e hk°» n W y the wing of a effin er tee ; t *?. a young lady, sixty years of to be thethief;°also ename of ^ *^idered who occasionally is the price of a fiSSte ? ker s -- Whab C_£iefa h0t0graphiC Firm.—Collodion, Su,i. and JOKE BY THE CHIEF SECRETARY. nrn£hii «L Parliament > .prorogued we shall y find , m , a Ry good thiugs enlivening the heavy columns of the Government Gazcttee. The subjoined is a pretty fair beginning :- ^ f P} lo WiiQg return ot deaths which have Majesty<» Gaol at Adelaide is published for general information " Pph,rn J Jo ? M B AOOT. Chief Secretary. iTi deaths in Her Majesty's Gaol at ".Nil. Tf HI. ,•„ "WILLIAM R. BOOTHBY, Sheriff." ShLff^ n w at lhe !j uhie f Secretary and the m. e n I ?h Cal1 a "turn of deaths," we wish them many happy returns of the same sort. ***. CONS. patte(Sn™° St d gS a commercial ° traveller?—His Whltf \l f? annaa i cr °P ° f hair?—An year wig. U8e of Wh^ a , c ,radle? -For kid-napping, cowse! ®Parrows like'-Cherry pec(k)tbral. of take eSCepti0Q t0 ? - The ch«giof C &er;° ^ your°voiS n y ° U BlnK waterproof?—By pitching A Crystal Ghost.—A glass shade. SP'^Ph on a Billiard Playei.-The long rest. The most sensible Lettei s. .f the Alphabit.-Y, Z. The Corporation Zeal.—Flagging. The floury" Land South Australia. Motto for the Newly Married- United we stand. . DOES IT PAY TO SMOKE? Perhaps it does, and perhaps it doesn't. It all depends. It may, or it may not. What's it to \- - ad , your own business. Who smokes? What is it that is smoked? Is it bacon? or chimneys? or opium? or cabbage-leaves? or beef? or mutton.- Taken in conjunction with "Will the Coming Man Drink Wine?" we think—ah hum— tnat, in fact, we will let you know in our next. GOVERNMENT GRAMMAR. The. Gazette of the 4th February contains the following announcement:—"Bloomfield Douglas, Esq., Lieut. B.N.R., Collector of Her Majesty's customs, having resigned the appointment of president of the Mariue Board, His Excellency Administering the Government, in Executive Council, has been pleased to accept the same. By command, John T. Bagot, Chief Secretary." Are we to understand from the foregoing that the Acting Governor is also President of the Marine Board, or would it be treasonable to suggest that the Hon. the Chief Secretary should immediately place himself in communicatiou with the Central Board of Education with the view of renewing his acquaintance with the late Mr. Lindley Murray? GOVERNMENT VALENTINES. . As to-morrow is St. Valentine's Day the present is a suitable moment to mention that even the (government of this colony are not above joining in the time-honoured custom of sending out a valentine now and then. The following lines will explain:— Ol shepherds South Australian, your lot is more Arcadian Than that of Greek or Boman. sung by the tuneful Nine, For to keep you all in order along the scabby border, You've Governments who send to you their loving Valentine! SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. Imports-One case of smallpox, Dr. Duncan; two trunks of elephants. Dr. Schomburgk; one stage coach, Theatre RoyaL Arrived—The papers recently state that "the steamer Rangatira turned up on Saturday afternoon, and immediately steamed over the bar into harbour." How she " turned up" is not explained; out if it enabled her to get over the bar without 118 L i. u ma ? e from that intolerable obstruction we shall be glad to see other vessels turn up. The more the merrier. NEWS OF THE WEEK. A gentleman has writteu to the Government, enquiring " Why his naime has been ommited trom the list of gestises of the peas in Boothby's Directory. Reply has been sent, that the Attorney-General was of opinion he required a spelL" • THE CONVALESCENTS' AND SERVANTS" HOME.— It will be seen from our advertising columns that the Committee of the Servants' Home have carried out the intention to which we referred some time ago, and completed their arrangements for receiving convalescent inmates upon suitable medical certificates. LOCAL LAND SALES.-The Border Watch asks why the Mingbool lands to be sold in March are not to disposed of at the Mount, GAMBIERTON V. MOUNT GAMBIER.—Correspondents of the local press are proposing that the Government and postal name of the town should be changed to something more euphonious—one suggesting "Gambier," and another "Moorak." THE QUESN STEAMER.—Messrs. J. Stilling and Co. have received from Captain Pickhills the following letter, which has been courteously placed at our disposal. It is dated "Steamer Queen, Whampooloo Island, February 9.—I am sorry to say that after encountering many difficulties that barred our progress we are stuck at last in 15 inches water. In several places we have discharged the whole of our wool, and have the vessel in 18 inches of water. Our cargo, which consists of 320 bales of wool and 10 tanks of tallow, we are endeavouring to Bend down by a small steamer of ours named the Moira; doubtless we shall succeed. You may guess what straits we have been put to when I have been obliged to take out tanks of tallow, weighing two tons, from the barge's hold and land them, so as to enable us to cross shallow places. Where we are now lying we are crossing the river hardly up to our knees, and only able to take 15 bales of wool over at a time in our barge. When we have it across, we shall start in a fortnight. All being well we hope to be down with the Moira, when we shall immediately return for the remainder of the cargo. I fancy the river will be low for the next three months. No sign of rain." HEAVY BAIN AT BUNGAREE. — The following telegram from the Clare Station was posted outside the Adelaide Telegraph Office on Friday afternoon, February 12:— "Bungaree — Bain for last two days—February 10, 0180; February 11, 2 - 02S— total, 2-208 inches." THE BOOYOOLEE PRESERVED MEAT.—There has been another trial of Mr. Hughes's excellent preserved mutton, this time at Wallaroo. The local paper says:—"On Monday, the 8th instant, a number of gentlemen of Wallaroo, and several masters of vessels at the port, met by invitation of Captain Drew, agent to Mr. H. Simpson, at the Globe Hotel, to taste the mutton preserved in tins at the Booyoolee Station, belonging to Mr. Herbert B. Hughes. A six-pound tin was opened, and one portion of its contents was served up hot, and the remainder cold. It was found to be quite equal if not superior to the fresh meat from tins all passengers on board ship are well acquainted with; taking, when heated, exactly like meat that had been stewed until very tender. The unanimous verdict upon it was that the person who could not make a good dinner on it would deserve to starve; and that as a change from salt beef, it would be much relished by sailors." BEN LOMOND MINE.—We have been supplied with the following memorandum of an assay made Mr. W. Ey of ore obtained from a solid lode. to 20 inches wide, opened on the Ben Lomond 68 ozs. to the ton; nickel, 8 per copper, 22 per cent. This valued at home per unit would give a value of £71 per ton of t t We may mention that the sample assayed of a like character with the lumo of ore exhi- s ^ ° 0mPany a ° ffice Eegifite ' r - a t WHEAT AT KAPUNDA.—The Herald says:— is still being brought into Kapunda in coniderable quantities, and our wheat buyers have een kept actively engaged. From what we can t earn the yield has been very unequal this year, here being a difference of 50 per cent, in the prouce of adjoining sections of a similar soil, &c.; ( b n some instances the clearing up has shown the ield to be in excess of what was anticipated, o hilst in others a far better yield had been antici- ated. The conviction is being gradually enforced J n our farmers by experience that careless and lovenly farming must be superseded by high arming, and by a diligent attention to manuring, p aUowing, weeding, &c.; ; THE EMPBESS OP THE FBSNCH.—The Gavloia j — nnounces, although in a somewhat roundabout! anner, that the Empress of French is enceinte, i b 