CRICKET. ? o ? A RESUME OF THE SEASON. By Rover. It may bo asked why I take upon myaelf the onua of writing this article. I will at once give the reason why. It has boon my good fortune to have witnessed all the great matohes played during tho season in the colony, and I have visited nearly all the grounds, and therefore I am in a position to be able to give an outline of [the doings of tho players. I shall start by giving what have beon in my opinion the best played individual scoroH. I have no hesitation in saying that the best score played during the soaBon was played in Sydney by E. S. Carter, tho new arrival from England, hia score being 63. Tho reason why I put this down as the best score is that it waB played on a very difficult ground to get runs on, and orip on which he had never performed before, and against, to him, perfectly strange bowling. What did our other cracks do? : Where wera the ! century men? His innings combined obstinate defence with grand i hitting and grest judgmont. The next two1 scores of note I braoket as equals ; the scores I refer to are those of W. Campbell and Gaggin, played by them on the East Molbourno ground in their seoond innings v* the M. CO., 74, not out, and 65. Their batting in this match was grand, and worth looking ajt ; every ball played as it ought to be, played, and every advantage ' taken of the loose oneo. And who was bowled against ? Why, the three bowlers that helped to 'win the Sydney match.' , May .they live to play many suqh ' inninga is the wi8h of Rover. Gaggin has on many other occasions played ; first-class oricket-like inninga. The highest score of the season was obtained by Gibson, viz;, 127, but this waa only in a second-rate match, and he ought to have been out very early in the game ; he ultimately, fell to Wray's bowling. ; The next highest waB obtained by Phillips, : against Tasmania, 115, but one can scarcely call Pbillips'a display cricket, although at tiines it may bo useful to his side; he requires a very lively ground; nnleB8 it ia so, hitting under his leg does not come off. In the Domain hia play was cooked, owing to. the deadness of the ground. -Gordon, of the 14th Regiment, also obtained 116 (not put) against Lawrence's darkies— it was a fine slaihing innings, and I think thia gentleman will be heard of next season. But the grand hitting innings of the season waa played by Donald Campbell at Bal larat (against the Ballarat team that beat Mel bourne on their own ground) ; he scored 103 in double quick time. This young gentleman is about the grandest hitter in thecolony. Another fino hitting innings was played by Egglestone against Tasmania— 90 in a very short time; D. Campbell, in the eame inninga knocking off 52 by fine hitting. Kelly, in the Colts' match, without practice, played a fine hitting innings of 43 not out— not giving a ghost of a chance. Cameron againstEa8tMelbburne,played a good inninga of 52, but he is too fond of getting off his ground. R. W. Wardill, the great gun of last season, scored one 80, but not obtained in his last season's form. Cosatick baa also played seme slashing hitting innings during the season ; he has had little or no practice with the bat. The next subject I will touch upon, is the re lative merits of the different clubs during the past season. The club of the season, of course has been the M.C.C., but to what cause is this result to be attributed? To its bowlers, and nothing more ; what place would it occupy without them ? In my estimation it would run a very bad third ; in racing parlance, it would just get a place, vide . result of last E. Melbourne match. Bowling will tell. Let it tell. Do they appreciate the talent ? I think not. Yet, with bowlers and all, ,the plucky Ballarat Club gave thorn a rare dressing on their own ground. The next club, in my opinion, is the East Melbourne — and if it were not for the Melbourne bowling, they would be at the top of the f tree. All the rising players belong to this club, and my advice to them is, do not allow yourselves to be smuggled away. Next comes the Ballarat Club, and it is really a ' good club, possessing a fair amount of bowlers and good batsmen, and ' most of all a really good old general — may they flourish. RiohV mond, when playing its strength, comes next, but it has sadly degenerated from the days of Huddleston and Co. South Melbourne next, but in my estimation it ought to have been higher up the tree. It would be diffioult indeed to place any other club, for they all ran about equal, and cannot compete with any of tho above-mentioned clubB when playing equal strength. The next, and concluding remarks, will be concerning the grounds of the oolony. The' best by far to get wickets on i3 undcubta bly the East Melbourne ground, and right well does M* Alpine look after it ; in fact he tends it with as much care as if it wore his firstborn. He has no assistance, and yet the ground is a pleasant sight to look upon. The East Mel bourne men ought to be proud of their Scot ; and if he once goes.it will bo many a day before, thoy see his like again. Next comes the pretty (but rather small) .Ballarat ground ; the turf is as green as green as can be, and the wickets a real treat to piny upon. No wonder the Baljarat men play well. The Melbourne Club ground comes third, and a rare state it has been in daring the greater part of: the season. A. 'nasty weed,1,' so far from being, successfully eradicated, as was said by one who ought to know better, has simply had the tops cut off, say an inph or so. below, the surfaoe, the root being still left, and fally carrying out the old saying, ' out of sight out of mind.' But how account for the ground being in each a state as it is at the present moment ?, The fact of the matter is, that during the early half of the season, the ground was kept lloodod, and consequently the roots of the grass got cold and, therefore, rotted, but under this deluge of water that nasty weed sprung up from below with giant strides, and bus now the full occupation of the ground. What money haH been spent on it? and look on the picture now — it was far better two years ago. Tho Geelong ground stands next, but there they have given up play. I believe they intend ,to let the foot-ball club play on it. It would do it no harm. Richmond could Btill bo made a good ground, and with very little trouble, during the ensuing winter — and they, for a wonder, are about the only club ont of debt. -With a good working committee, which it is to be hoped that the Richmond Club will have, there is yet' a place at the top of the tree for them. For an outlay of about £20, wickets could be procured on the ground equal to anything in the colony. The Carlton Cricket Club held a meet ing in the pavilion on Saturday last, 'to receive the secretary's report for the past season, which was unanimously adopted. It set faith that tho club had experienced a very successful season ; that tho first eleven had played fourteen matohos, four of which wore loat and seven won, whilst the remaining three resulted in drawn. Tho seoond elovon had played five matches and won four, the other one being a draw much in their favor. Water -waa laid on to the ground dming the past season at a cost of £67 14a 5d, towards whioh subscriptions had been received from members and friends to the amount of £31 5s 6d, and promises of £1 2s. The committee intend to liquidate the debt by a ball, to be hold in the ; .Carltoh Orderly Room at an early date. A ; picket-fence had been erected in front of the ? pavilion, the cost of which was defrayed by do nations from the members^ Tho thanks of the 'club 'were unanimously accorded, to' Messrs Craven and Deedinan for their untiring care and attention bestowed on the ground. Prize 'bats were presented to, Messrs M'Farland and F. James, for. obtaining the best average in baiting and bawling respectively, and a looket was presented to Mr B. .James, hon. sec, in wbioU' was inserted ran, inscription .expressing the. high esteem held by the club of his services during, a long connection with it both as a player and office-bearor.-^The Twilight and Abbotsford Crioket Cluba played a match on Saturday, which resulted in a victory for the former by 37 runs. The scores were; Twilight, 61 ; and Abbotsford, 24. The higliest scorers for the Twilight were Elliott and W. Kava nagh, with 24 and 15 respectively, while for the Abbotsford Turner made 16. Elliotts bowling was very effective. Abbptaford played with 13 nisn, and the Twilight ,11.— A match played on Saturday last, between the Surrey and Standard CiC, resulted in a draw. 