READINGS IN ROMANISM. No. 7. " But though toe, or an angel from heaven, preached any other gospel : unto. you than that which have preached unto, you, let him be accursed. St. Paot. BY J. S. The selections we are abaut to give, are from a work on " It he Difference Between the Temporal and Eternal , written in Spanish by the Rev. Eusebius Nierembery of the society of Jesus. Tenth edition , re vised, corrected, and improved, published by James Duffy, 1861. These selections will be found to contain an average spe cimen of the teaching of Romish priests on the subject to which they relate. That they are entirely different, both in their spirit and tendency, not only from the gospel as preached by St. Paul, but from all New Testament teaching, re quires no proof. Nothing but the most profound and deplorable ignorance could lead any one for a single moment to suppose that there could be the most distant resemblance between the two. There is so much delicacy and reserve in the one, when spekaing on a subject so solemn and awful as future punishment, and so much that is gross, sensual, dis gusting, and dogmatical in the other ; that we feel both the men and their sys tems must be eternally apart. The Church of Rome treats man merely as an animal, all the appeals she makes are made to his senses. — to his fears, — to his self-love, — to his base animal pas sions, she appesrs either not to know, or not to recognise any higher or purer motive. If this church has a duty to enforce, she inforces it by offering some great advantage, in the form of an indul gence, and is silent on all such subjects, as doing right for its own sake. If her hair-shirts, her girdles of spikes, her bloody lash, her starvation, her rags and filth, are not applied as vigorously, and embraced as cordially as she could desire, she holds up some revolting and terrible picture, which has no existence except in her own vile imagination. Should those she claims as her own, still hesi tate to trample out the last sparks of their manhood, or to write themselves her slaves for ever, then, as Moham med did in one age, and Smith the Mormon in another, she has recourse to visions and revelations. The speci mens given below are not the worst found in the book, nor is the book the worst of the kind in my possession. I have one now before me with the follow ing title, — hell opened to christians, to caution them against entering into it, From the Italian of the Rev. F. Pina- monti. — S. J . This book is so menda- tious that to describes! its contents, or the atrocious pictures by which it is illustrated, is to me impossible ; yet, if I may judge from appearances, it has been road and re-read, again and again, ' and that by young people of both sex residing in Sydney. Such reading, wliilo it obscures, or distorts the divine character, can only pollute the minds of those who practice it. The following will be found on page 365, &c.;, of the first named book : — In conformity to what is here said, the venerable Peter Cluniaccnsis writes (and when wo read such like stories from the representa tions therein contained, wo are to raise our thoughts to the substance therein represented), this venerable man, then, writes, that a wicked priest being ready to give up the ghost, there appeared to him two fiery devils, who brought with thorn a frying-pan, in which they told him they would fry him in hell ; and a drop of hot liquor then falling out of the frying-pan on his hand, in a moment burned him to the very bones in the sight of all that were present, who remained astonished to see the efficacy and violence of that infernal fire. Whereupon Nicholas of Niso says, that if there wcro a fire made of all the wood in the world, it would not be able to cause so much torment as the least spark of hell-fire. Caesarius also writes (1. 92, mirac. c. 23), that Theodosius, bishop of Macstricht, had a servant by name Ekorback, who, in a raging fit of anger, gave himself to the devil, upon condition he would help him to take revenge upon his enemies. Some years after, this man fell grievously sick of a disease that brought him to a point of death; and being now dead in all men's judg ment, his soul was cast into a sea of fire, whero he remained suffering, until such time as an angel of heavdn came to him, and said, "Behold what they are to suffer who serve the devil. But if so great a mercy should bo shown to thee, as to grant thee longer life, wouldst thou not spend it in doing penance for thy sins ?" He replied, there can be nothing so hard or painful, which I would not undergo to. escape this torment." Then the Lord used that mercy to him, as to let him return to the uso of life and senses, and rising off the bier, where ho was already placed to be carried to burial, all that were prosent were astonished at him; who at the same instant began a course of life of most austere and rigorous pen- ance. He won't barefoot upon thorns and triors, store of blood issuing from tho wounds received. He lived only on bread and water, and that in a very small quantity. What money he had he gavo to tho poor. There were many, who wondering at the rigour of his ponancc, endeavoured to modcrato tho ex cess of his fervour and austerities ; to whom ho answered, " Wonder not hereat — for I have suffered torments of a far different kind ; and if you had been there, you would frame a far different apprehension of thorn." And, for to explicate the excossive torment that fire caused, ho said, "If all the trees in the world wore put in one heap and set on fire, I would rather burn thero till the day of judgment, than suffer only for the space of one hour, that fire which I have experienced." Now, what a miserable unbappincss it will be to. burn in those flames of hell, not only for one hour, but till the day of judgment, yea, oven for eternity, world without end ? Who would not esteem it a hideous torment, if he were to be burned alive a hundred times, and his torments were to last every time for an hour's space ? With what compassionato eyes would all tho world look upon such a miserable wretch ? Never theless, without all doubt, any of tho damned in hell would receive this as a great happi ness, to end his torments with those hundred times' burning. For what comparison is there between a hundred hours' burning, with some space of time between overy hour, and to burn a hundred years of continual torment ? And what comparison will there bo between burn ing for a hundred years' space, and to be burning without interruption, as long as God is God? Lot a Christian, who has ever com mitted a mortal sin, consider this, and let him see what can be difficult, sharp, and intoler able, since thereby he deserved to be cast into hell ; and let him see, whether he think any tribulation and affliction would be tod great to give satisfaction. Well may he say, "I desorvo to suffer great torments, and there fore, will not complain of this my light suf fering." Venerable Bcde also writes of one (de Gest. Anglorum, 1, 5.), to whom tho pains and torments, as also the joys and bliss of the other life, were shown ; and having obtained leave to return to this world again, ho re nounced all he had in this life, and lie betook himsclt to a monastery, whero he persevered in a most rigid manner of life to his dying day ; insomuch, that his manner of living gave perpetual testimony, that, although he was silent, yet he had seen horrible things, and that he had hopes to obtain other groat ones, which did indeed deserve to bo thirsted after. Ho entered into a frozen rivor which was near the convent, without putting off bis clothes, hiving first broken tho ice m several places, that ho might get into tho water, and after wards let his clothes dry upon his back. Some admired, that a man's body was able to suffer, so great cold in the winter time ; and to those who demanded how he could possibly endure it ? he replied, " I have seen colds far greater." And when they said to him, " How can you so constantly keep such. a rigorous and austere manner of life ?" he replied, " I have seen far greater austerity." Neither did ho relent in the rigour of his penance, even in his decrepid ago ; but was very careful to chastise bis flesh with continual fasts ; and his exemplary, conversation and wholesome admonitions were such, as.did much good to many, and efficaci ously stirred them up to the amendment of their lives. . And in rogard holy . Scripturo . calls holl a pool, or lake _of fire, I will here relate a story . out _ of St. Peter' Damianus (1. 3. c. 15, ad Dosid. c.' '1.'), which will give us to understand tho terribleness of this torment. In Lombardy . (says he), there was a man, cunning and crafty, of., a .notable, talking tongue, and fond of breaking jests on all occasions, and commonly, by reason of- his quick wit, he came off with ; credit ; and if at any timo it happened to him otherwise, lie know how to put it off very handsomely. : In fine, he was one of those that knew very well how to live in tho world. But what end had all his tricks and slights ? ho died ; for against this stroke lie had no defence, His body was buried in tho church, audi his soul in tho placo, which God grant nobody may oyer come in. A holy, religious mau being, in prayer, ho saw in spirit a great .lake, not of water, but of fire, which boiled like a pot, and cast flames now and then up into the hoavens, which sent forth sparks in so great quantity, and with such fearful noise, that it caused great horror to hear and see it. What would it bo to suffer it. Tho miserable soub of this man wo speak of, did suffer it in all extremity. Morcovor, ho saw that tho lake was encompassed round about with fearful serpents, and terrible dragons, which had their mouths open towards tho lake, with many rows of sharp teeth, to guard the lake. In this confusion .of fire and cruel boasts, the soul of the miscrablo babbler was howling and crying, and swimming upon the flames, en deavouring to get to the bank, and drawing nigh, the comfort he found was, that a ser pent stretching out a long neck, and a wide mouth, was ready to tear him to pieces, and swallow hiui; ho endeavoured to turn another way in the lako, and drawing near the side, lie liglitod upon a dragon, the only sight whereof made him make more liastc back again than he had done to come thither. He swam m the lake burning alive, and wherever be came, he found the like cncountor ; but which is worse, he- shall remain thero while God is God, without any remedy at all. And with much reason, says St. Peter, Damianus, ho suffered this punishment, of not being able to got out of the lake of fire, in regard, he in this life got so cunningly out of any adver sity liy his many shifts. In this manner God Almighty gave to understand by this revela tion, the extremity of this torment. But it is to be noted, that it is far greater than is here expressed; because this was not so much to tell us what hell is, as to declare by some simi litude or representation, which may remain fixed in our senses, that which indeed exceeds all similitude or resemblance. Tun New Zealand Parliament was formally opened on 1st. June. 