MARY RIVER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) February 27. February 27. AFTER nearly six weeks of daily thunder-<*> storms, followed by two or three days' steady rain, we are again blessed with a clear sky. From the quantity of rain which fell every one anticipated a flood, or something Tery like it, but we have been agreeably disappointed. Here the river rose about three or four feet above high-water mark, but accounts from the higher part of the river speak of a rise there of more than twelve feet. A* far as weather goes we have had a singularly good season. Hardly a month has passed without a few good showers, so that the intense heat which prevailed at the beginning of the year did very little harm beyond blistering the arms of a few who " didn't mind the heat." The very appearance of the farms is a proof of the favorable climatic influence of the season. The corn crop was rather later than usual, but it is only fair to add that in many cases it was much heavier than usual, and on all hands was allowed to be a "fair average crop." For the second crop, which is now com ing on, we could not have had more favorable weather; the only complaint that can be made is, that the weeds grow as fast as the corn. A week or two, hot and dry, will soon lay this ghost. Maize has, so far, realised a fair price, though it may almost seem paradoxical, green corn, just beginning to heat, and quite unfit for a horse to eat, has been more readily sold than a decent article. Dry maize may be now quoted at 3s. 6d. to 4s. If it has been a good season for maize, much more so has it been for sugar-cane. The last crop was by no means a bad one, in spite of the misrepresentations of interested parties, but I cannot estimate the present crop at less than three times the weight of cane to the acre (last season's). It will be a splendid rattoon crop, and I expect will tax pretty heavily all the mills we are likely to have next season. Some are already crying out that the farmers will not get their canes crushed that there is a vast deal more land in cane, and that there will still only be two public mills, for though Mr. Eaton, and also Messrs. Jamieaon and Murray, will have mills in time for the next crushing, it is not supposed that they will do more than crush their own cane. I believe, however, that we need have no fear about getting rid of this part of our crop, though I confess I do not clearly see how the farmers above the police camp will manage. For some of them the past season must have been almost ruinous, as it is well j known than in some instances the miserable | dole of ten to fifteen shillings an acre was all that Mr. Meiklejohn would give; and I heard the other day of one farmer who, rather than be so dealt with, cut down his crop and laid it in rows to rot. It seems a pitiable thing that in an agricultural and rapidly progressing dis trict, as this certainly is, a crop so valuable could be put to no better use. The dis tance from the mills will, I am afraid, affect them much more in the coming season than j even it has done in the past. They will stand little chance until they get a mill near to their farms, for they will until then be entirely at the mercy of the millowner, who will subject him self to great inconvenience for the sake of a very low price. My four months' rattoons are now fully six feet high, but those who had their cane cut in September were very lucky, as the ! great heat in December found the ground more shaded. Of cotton I now hear very little talk. If o one doubts but that it is a good crop, but the im possibility of getting hands to pick it, even at something above a fair price, threatens to swamp this industry entirely. Women here will not, and men cannot, pick cotton—so " there's an end on't." Thanks to Mr. Brookes and his friends, many who were inclined to try South Sea Islanders now hang back, fearful of some disagreeables or other, which might be easily caused by outside malicious or thoughtless meddlers. If Mr. Brookes and his party would show half the tender mercy for the poor white "jrtoneer (in the days of cash, a customer, too) that they exhibit for the colored laborer, less nonsense would be written on this subject. It is to be hoped that the attention of the Government Engineer will be drawn to the present state of the Gympie-road. Near here is a quarter of a mile (nearly) of dismal swamp, which, of late, has been a perfect slough of despond; and this within five miles of the ferry. A raised road across it need not cost much, and could be easily and quickly made. It is false economy to neglect all means of ready communication in a well-settled district; indeed, it is well known that a distriot often attains im portance through having facilities for transit. This leads me to remark on the urgent need of a bridge across the Mary, at or near the Prince's ferry. It is not only the road to the gold-fields, but also to nearly thirty miles of farms. Nearly the whole of the produce is now wearily dragged down the river in small boats, for the expense and inconvenience, not to say danger, of the present mode of crossing the river effectually prevent farmers from investing in drays. I do not hesitate to say that the increased sale of lands, of which there are thousands of acres cultivable, would go a great way towards the principal, and I am sure that the tolls, if on a reasonably liberal scale, would after the first year cover the interest. I remember an iron bridge being built across a wider and more rapid river than the Mary for £20,000, and, judging by that one, I should think £15,000, or perhaps less, should give us a first-class bridge. Whilst most averse to increasing the burdenß of an already over-taxed community, I look upon such necessary works as a means to an end, as all means of cheapening the cost of produc tion, carriage being a very serious item, tend to increase production, and induces more to become producers. 