WnEN tlie presont session of Parliament commenced, it was hoped by that class of politicians and journalists who are always hoping against hope, that a genuine and substantial ' Opposition party would do veloo itself upon the benches of the Assembly to the left of the Speaker. Mr Fellows was to be the loader of the select band cf parliamentary Spartans that was to do battle for the Constitution in danger. And he was to be aided by a sort of miniature Amphictyonic council composed of tbosepolitic.il sages/ Messrs Duffy, Langton, Kekferd and Coiien. Bat, alas ! for ' the best laid schemes ' of mice and men,' tho Opposition league has gone the way of all day dream's. It has dissolved in a mist of driftles3 aims and uumeadng g.tlble, and, like ' tho baseless fabric' of tlio ompty vision that it was, it Las ' left not a wrack behind.' Tho 'cvy first touch of a real measure of souud policy coming from tho Government, tho Land Bill for instance, has disintegrated tho little knot of self-coustilutcd leaders, has left them without even the semblance of a following, and thrown them back once mare into tho insignificance of isolated units, incapable of fusion. There is no longor even the ghost of an Opposition on the Speaker's left hand. The spectral apparition which loomed indistinctly thoro a few weeks past, making night hideous with tho fitful screams of tho memW for. Ddlhonsio, has vanished into' tho world of shadows. We can conscien tiously say wo regret the disappearance of an Opposition in the Assembly ; for we too believe in th9 advantages which ' a compact and efficient Opposition' is calculated to confer upon the action of Parliament generally, and upon the course of sound legislation in an especial manaer. It constitutes a healthy check oa tho legislative and administrative pro ceedings of a strong government, and forms, in fact, the proper counterpoise which keeps the machinery of parliamen tary government in steady and regular going order. Eminently approving, as we do, of the liberal and statesman like course of action which has in all things characterised the Administration of Mr M'Culloou, we would not have viewed, however, nor in deed, as we aro inclined to think, would Ministers themselves have viewed, innu joalous spirit, the formation of an ablQ Opposition in the Assembly. Its pre sence would have been hailed as a sign of healthy vitality in the constitution of tho Legislature. A Government con scious of its own strength likos to meet in the parliamentary arena with foemen worthy of its steel. And the public, whose interests are re flected in the columns of tho Liberal Press, would have gained whatever ad vantages flow from the intelligent vigi lance of earnest politicians bent on proving themselves worthy of onice. Though taking up our position on this subject from the Liberal point cf view, we can appreciate the motives of tho journalist who has ba n reading tho funeral obsequies of tho defunct Opposition with such impar tial earnestness within the last fourand twenty hours. It is only dua to tho spirit of fairness to say this much. . Bat we certainly cannot sympathise with the jeremiad which he pours out ovor the utter failure, for all purposes of sound organisation, of the special elements out of which he expected to see an effective Opposition built up. Out of such unsound and rotten ma terials nothing good could possibly have been constructed. Our contemporary himself bears testimony to the ' want of ' concert, the weakness, inconsistency ' and self-seeking ', which the mutually repellant atoms that he once thought would coalesce into an Opposition party have displayed on the important question of the Land Bill. If the wish that waa father to tho thought had' not cast a mist before our contemporary's eyes, he would from the first, equally with oursolves, have, seen the utter impossibility of the ragged regi ment which he had' taken under his fa vor doing battle in any honorable or effective way for any one cause whatever. But there are none so blind as those who will not see. The power of vision has, however, at last been restored ; and as the result, we have this burning outburst of bitter disappointment and withering con tempt with which the anti- Minioterial journalist dismisses to the doom of the Iacapables the sorry fiddlers at politics whom he has been trying for months past to lick into some sort of shape as an Opposition. We heartily condole with our contem porary. His indignation is certainly somewhat amusing. But we do not wish to be hard on him. We only say that ho ought to have looked n little more closely at the counterfeit coin before he blindly and hastily accepted it as genuine. Shams will always be shams, and block heads ever blockheads to the end of the chapter. What, for instance, could he expect to have made of Langton ? And then that operose jester, our heavy humorous friend, Fellows ; is it pos sible any sane man oould ever look upon him as a politician ? Our con temporary, however, still seems disposod to cling to him. Perhaps this is because it is not quite so pleasant to admit at once that all our supposed swans are but cackling geese. Duffy, however, is thrown over sans ceremonie. A bird of evil omen he is accounted clearly. His extrusion is emphatically pronounced as necessary to propitiate some little Bhow of favor from cruel destiny. Our contemporary seems to have found out that the member for Dalhousie actually contemplated getting into office once more ; and the very idea of the thing has so shocked all concerned) that our contemporary is obliged to intimate in the plainest terms that Mr Duffy must consider himself as imc ame damvee past redemption. He must in fact take himself off. But whither ? He cannot . cross the floor of the House ; and. he must not re main where he' is. Cruel fato ! But it is a matter of little consequence ; for what the Opposition was, with or without Mr Duffy, ia at last frankly admitted by our contemporary to be what every one else has long seen it to be, viz., a repul sive mixturo of deceit, stupidity and shallowuess. The agricultural statistics of South Aus tralia recently published indicate that the farmers of that colony are beginning to understand that they are about to take a secondary position as purveyors of breadstuff's to the Australian colonies. Their breadth of wheat cultivation was reduced in the season 18G8-G9 as com pared with the previous season by no less than 17,000 acres, while in Vic toria there was an increase of 42,000 acres under the samo crop. Tlra average yield in South Australia was a little over 9 bushels to the acre, while in Victoria it was a little over 16 bushels. Thi3 is not an unusual difference, for we find that the average for a series of years in South Australia was between 11 and 12, while here it was between 17 and 18 ; and the highest yields in tho two coloni03 stood respec tively at 111 and ? 22 bushels. Tlie su poriority of Victoria as a grain producing OQUEtry has thus been established for several yeS72; RB.d yet the total yield of S-uth Australia has Homily exceeded the total yield of Victoria. Tho prospc^s of the wheat market have disquieted our neighbors very -nuoh, because it is evident, ia the case of such an amount of over pro Juctisn as would compel resort to a non- romunorative market, their lands would have to bo put out of cultivation before ours. It is true that the cost of wheat-growing in Sjuth Australia has been, notwithstanding the inferiority of their land aud climate, less than it is hero ; but this is not likely to continue. Tho expense of cultivation will be diminished as the area placed under crop increases. The more wheat is grown the more work will thoro be for labor saving machines. The farmers have boon told that it will nst pay to grow wheat for export, and this would be true if tho cost of production camo anything near the ostimate assumed as tho basis of calculation. Bat that estimate is based on conditions which will not obtain in future. Tho greater the amouut of over-production the less will bo the cost per bushel — a consideration which must carry great comfort with it to those who do not hold hack thoir hands from the plough becauso prophets of ovil advise them to fold their arms. Tho farinor who would leave off cultivating his la'nd because there might ho a fall in prices, would behave like the Irishman who would not pick up a guinea from the street for fear it might prove a light one. The South Australians have still ft larga stock of grain on hand, and it ia; likely 'they willrecoinmeneo shipping to the London market, the price having advanced at the titno of last advices, tho spring and early summer having proved unusually wet. The abolition of the import duty of a shilling a quarter will materially facilitate operations, and will have tho further advantage of induoing Oalifornian shippers to seek the English market in pre ference to the Australian. Another consideration which will weigh with the Californian shipper is the facility for the transmission of advice as to tho Btate of the markets- mil and cable bringing him much nearer Europe than he is to Australia. Tho wisdom of imposing, in this colony, the duty of nine pence . per hundredweight on wheat has been fully vindicated, for while steady ing the market ii has led to such an in crease of production that instead of making the loaf 'c dear it has cheapened it. Whatovor the- cost of production may be in California; the shippers thence are not likely to 'send grain to any port in Australia after tho production in the colonies becomes regularly sufficient to supply the whole. Tho price of wheat in Australia will henceforth bo always so much below the prico in England, that the small difference in the cost of transmission from California to Australia ag compared with the freight to England will not prove a temptation to shippers to give up a certain market for a precarious one. Of course the Australian growers will, like all others, keep in view the im portance of econamising expenses, and although they will not be ablo U do so at once to the same extent as the Cali fornians, who have had tho start of them, they will not be many years behind. Already in Victoria gold can be extracted from stone which would not be worth working in some other mining countries, and what, can hinder us from extracting wheat from soil which is unsurpassed in any other region wher.3 manure is not extensively resorted to ? As time goes oa high farming and machinery will be more and more resorted to, and cheap noss proportionately attained. In the meantime the selectors are too busy fencing and making other preparations to think much of these things, and it is as well that whilo thoy are thus struggling to get in thoir first crops they enjoy tho protection of a moderate duty ou im ported produce. 