THE DRAMS. ? Thackeray was tho ilrat who hardily asserted the claims of Sliakespuare to complete rivalry of tho nnci'ant tragedians. Some one spoke of the Trilogy of (EcHpus, — tho gradual develop ment of troth in tho mind, of the king, while Jocasta is seeking to allay his anxiety. Thackeray cived 1 ho scene? between Othello, and logo. Another claimed for JEscbylus the ; crown of pure tragedy; tho snblicae terrors of 'Di«ftmtt1iftii« nn/*Virtin mnnefc nlnaainni cr*Tin1nra as stvength and impact chained the hero. Thac'ieray put forth the idoal terrors and struggling Euperstition of Macbeth as superior even to the Prometheus of iEachylus. ' Tliero is a rounded completeness in this wondrous masterpiece that retains the atten tion its beauty has arrested. On a Wanted heath, whero the mist adds ideal horrors to the desolate sublimity of the distant blue moun tains, flashed rrith viotory, attended by a cohu sado v/hosQ clear und sober intellect contraots with, and sets off the Hiore imaginative tem perament, it supports and guides,. Maobeth. meets tho witches, who command tola belief by telling two truths, and arouse his. imagiua- tiou by a prophecy of his royalty. But all' these, adjuncts and advantages are vain unless addressed to the proper temperament! On ; Bauqub, the clear-headed sceptic, they fall harmless. ' The instruments of darkness tell us ] truths, win us with honest trifles to betray UH.'i He is free from superstition. But in the mind ; of Macbotb, superstitious, imaginative and; credulous, the Beed takes root. He implicitly I believes. With tact and true friendship, Banqno , covera his comrade's agitation. A halo of I terror, of .spell-bdund destiny, .thenceforth -envelopes the , sanguine Macbeth. . ,1a; tbe j aooiety, of hiB wife, he will ueek thaisympatby j he dare not ask from Banquo, whom he re- i spects and fears. , . ,.- . .. \ 'Tia much ha dares. And to that dauntleia aariog; j He auds a wisdom. ? ? ?' ' ' ' ' ? ?;, Such' is Maobeth'a oharaoter of Banquo. ' The J character of Lady Macbeth would cover J as muoh Bpace. as that of her husband. ?! Mrs j Siddons.^fter her retirement with .?,»? ;coinpe- ', tencei was foundin her drawing; room, quietly j reading, the, part: she had played so' often and j professing to find new traita. ,It is ; obvious that she is of a similar tjpe to Banqoo,. Ju^ei- ; lectual, unimaginative, free from euperstition, ! deoisive, and unscrupuloua. But I will dare j to remark one redeeming quality. She is not only affectiohate, but unselfish. It is for him she wiHb&ve;' the murder committed, and, but for the old kirig'a/resemblanbo of heir fathsr, her own' hand had done it. It ia for hint she ia anxious when the knocking is heard ; not a syllable eHcapes her of selfish ambition. Nay her first words as Queen are- those of weariness and disparagement.. .*.? 'Tie safer . to bo that which we destroy.' .During the banquet,,her eye is never off Aim, now with aach reproach as a mother, gives to a child, now with arch and playful banter, pow with , sweet and win ning words. To his wayward reproaches, she replies, ' You lack sleep.' And in the terrible night walk, it is still aa watobiag over his eafety, aa calling his anxiety, as removing all trace of his crime, that she leaves us unselfish even in her guilt. .Every word in the play has an under Current of 'ideality* an inner subjec tive sense; : '?????.'-???': ? ? ? ' ''? ?'???'?'??'; Macbeth-.: Why iol ; yield to that; suggestion,; ., ,'. Whose horrid imago, does unflx my hair; ? And;. make my seated heart knock at . my ribs, . ' Against the use of nature. ... My thought, 'Whose murder — yet, Is but fantastic. Shakes so my .single soul. , Who does not perceive that Shakespearej- a' great biblical student,' had been struck with' the charactor of HazaeL . But what, is thy servant a dog that he should do this thing ?' No scholar, worthy to read Macbeth, can endure a; mediocre^ third-rate actor, marring/ mocking, and burlesqueing it. We must' beg Mr Tilbot to take bis band off. Better that this drama were never acted at all. There was no ideal horror at the witches,,no ; inner ahagr- gle, np yuried inflections. , ;There were indeed. I the stereotyped transpontine ^attitudes, and the very depressing copyings of the infirmities of Charles Kean, .inflictions' that made his father' aay he could never make an' aotor; and whioh :both he aiid bis discerning wife1 would have' ! cheerfully given' half their earnings to have' jcured. '??'? '? ;'; ?' ??'? :;' ' ?' ' '':' ?' ' ' ' '?''' ' Speaking thick whichinature made Ms blemish, ?. I j .Bocamu , the accents of, the valiant. ; ,. , ll'he interview with his wife set our teeth on. ?edge. la the first plaoe the words, ' I dare dp iail';that may hecomp a man,' 'shoald .^ be t' 'spoken 'in 'a low, fremuiouB, sensitive ''tone. ' IFor (1) 'Macbeth' had meditated what becomes 'not a man, and ho knewlfc— see1 a'bliloquy.' '(2) ' iMacbeth'a physical courage wab nnquestioned. ;(3) He knew his wife was simulating ignorance1 ;of 'it .to japur.ninu Mr .Tulbot blurts' it out Ilike a tavern royeterer. «.' Bring forth men children only', had no ideality as . spoken: by him,— rthe jollity. , of a sangaine cattle-owjaer ?was all that reached our ear. And the murder , !was done ' aa per order/' and the voices in the 'oharaberi in the same moat proaaio, matterof ifact spirit. '',',' \ When the crown ia attained, ft reversion of feeling sets in. Maobeth oal .hia partner, seem to change characters. Hitherto he was [vacillating, but ' subduedi and wielded by her ?clearer intellect and Btronger will. Now, she JooWera and ' quajla before hie unbridled pas sion ; his deep imagination, his faith in the dark spiritual agencies; and with feminine tenderness' she 'seeks' to soothe him: bis: thoughts are far beyond her. They are with iV- night's black ; agontB.' ' Thou: marvellest . at my words,' he saya, with conacipuB' supe- riority to the shrinking, cowering woman, 'hold theo Btil]. Be innocent of the know ledge.' Terror, tbe ruling idea: °* the, play, hath now Btruck even tho inteliectual and the re ? Bolute woman. Yet all this magnificence was gone through by Mr Talbot with tho dull punotu ality of an .old-fashioned parish clerk. ' When ho is not closely imitating the defects and' in firmities of Charles Kean, he ia simply nega'. ' jiive, inanimate, mechanical and paBBionleBS; ' ?' ' ? '- To return to the banquet scene. Some little energy was displayed at the second entrance of ^he GhoBt— Maobeth ordered him out ; we ex pected him to send fpr the police. A new reading was introduced, from which we dis sent. Let the reader judge between us. Mao buth, appalled by the return of the Ghost, and chafed by the reproaches of hia wife, over whom he had now gained tho ascenJaut, boldly challenges the whole company for their ver dict : '.?.' ; ; ' Can such things bo, i And overcome us like a eummar cloud . ! Without our speolsl wonder 'i ?,?;,. ! ? You* make me' Btrfta^o, , (i.e., Jfott t tho wliolo company j)!l/;i ,:, ,, , ; ^ That c-m hehold such dghta, : -.:.?[? ? ' ?.??!.! ?.???: : Ami keep iho natural color of your cheeks, ' While mtno are Winched by fearl'' ?'??????? '? Mr Talbot addresses these' words to the lady. We think him wrong. For he ; know heir tem perament, and she had twice told him aho'saw nothing but a stool, and that hisl agitation was j contemptible. And Ross!*;! .exclamation, ' Gentlemen, rise,1' would. have been a rank impertinence, if., it were, offering' a comment on words Bpoken , to the (^aeon a'one. The ' fifth act of the play we have always considered a maBte'r-piece. The wor-,?ng8 of the inner; life are laid bare in contfuudua soliloqayV Yet the reader' never, is 'coi'soious of '^monotony. Where there is one grain of feeling thia act . wouldawsken a'Dian^'BatiinlMr' Talbot^ the ; body and limbs 'had certainly much: to do-^ | like a Lcndon' cabman, ? he learned his money ? -whether you go by; the hour t-r,.the yard. , But ; we would gladly have spared the.legs:and the ? cheat tapping,, could, we; bntMyfi *ia4.*lie 'P~ fluence of ,the head and heart. ^,,Thp death;,of ' the Qaeeii ia, wailed by .inwprd Boliloqny,, l^ke ; all other gri'fs. fTo . the worda ' To-morrow end to- morrow,' Mr Tajbotdi'd not appear to j attaoh any particular meaning,1' but' recited them mechanically and without feeling; Yet, what more touching1 than the. death' of one ; in whom he sa relied, and whose unselfish .love and soudd intellect hehad 'proved. But, alas, Bhe had died unreoonoilodito* heaven ; she had put off repentance^ procraatinnted the necessary, ri'.es, and Death, the,, only! ithing that cannot be deferred, ihadovortakeni her pn ahriven. ; If all that ia good w.at the mercy if ' to morrow,' and if Death be( the sole thing that is not— -then what is, the value of life— a tale told by on idiot. This ia our theory of those lines, which we offer with diffidence to the student. Mr Talbot, having deposited l-'.s aword at the wibg, 'died aa per order; in the middle of the stage. Our'life went back some years before we read Shake apoare (aa he should be read) when .we gazed with eurapt wonder at the energies of / Hicks, the dignity of Oobhim, thepathoa of Huntly, Bengough.i?ndCreswick,,and other, atars of the transpontine theatres of Surrey, .whose; buried glories are now revived and embodied by the docile memory and old-faBbioned training of Mr Talbot. Yet even these we prefer to the servile cbpvinga o'f Charlies' Keen. Mr Steele's Macduff1 waa tame. ' , Misa 'Bowring's Lady Macbeth' pleased us' lees than that of Miss Cleveland, because less in harmony with oar own conception of the character. ' 'Miss Cleve land's Lsdy Maobeth -is vary; beautiful. She infuses into., it a womanly tenderness, and shows that unselfish' toneiwhich wejremarked above.; Thp wordsi '. I have' given snok, and know'. ,are no proof ;of a hard nature. It is an ? wjeal hypothetical image to show the. inten ! sity, of h^.r' constant Jove. ;,,,?, , ',I would, have dashed its braina out i ': — -If I had sworii it for y»'u.' ' ' i MIbb Bowrihg appeared to us too1 hard, and sometimes too loud : perhaps1 her concep tion of the part differs from ours. Mr Hall made rather a massive Malcolm, the, part j should be played . ? by ? one of ? the Missea ? Stewart ;, that . the contrast between the two rspenkera in the fine,Bcene between the Prinqe: i and' Macduff inay be more apparent There is jmuoh food for reflection in this scene if you read it, untruncated in the original. ' It illua itilat'ci the different manner 'with which grief1 j and rage affoct youth and middle age respectively. iMalcolm'a wayward1 self- adouBations are notun natural, and Byron, when mystifying cockneys, chambermaids, and quidnuncs, ' by nonsense ipreoisely of the same nature, knew not that: Shakspeare had anticipated him bo exhaustively. |Mr Ireland's , Banqno had merit( but we. hope' ;he, will remodel the getting up. The musical' i part was well done. Mr Stewart is, an excel- , dent Hecate, and in the earlier; scenes Mr Hen ininga baa made the mist to linger over tbe 'blue mountain, whose shadow darkens the vale. ,In' short', everj thing was good save Maobeth jh'.maelf. ; ?'''? ?' ?'?'?'' '????''?' ?' ?'??'?-??? ! On Tuesday evening we ' saw' Mr Taibot in iOthellb.' ' The noble1 Spaniardis crbdnlous and' .gullible from aheer: JoftineBS1 and purity of ?soul. Though Iago talks of ;' making him jegiegiously an ass,'1 the 'reader never feelo a' imoment'a contempt for. him. DeBcended from the Abencen ages, he condescended to become a soldier of fortune, but never forgets hie 'royal Wooii. The Bwprd of hia father, a ;♦' aword of Spain,' ia .still kept .sacred in his ibed chamber. Some clever people give him a, turban ; but the contempt with which he speaks of t!he 'inalignpnt turbaried Turk— the cir jcumoiBed dbg,' proves' his Christianity. Mr Talbot'a voice ia bo very common-place, his pas&ion; ? so unimpressive, his 'declamation so void of dignity, and his love so tame,' that1 we w re unable for a s-ngle instant to create the .least illasion. Mr Steele's Iago ia good. He simulates frackness so well that not only is Othello, pitied,', hut even the spectator is half, deceived, ond the groat intelligence of MrSteulo ienablea him to preserve by at . most Ielioitou3 , bye-play, tho attention of the audience to the thread of idea's. Mr Ireland's Casaio was good, but .wo 'wish he woula take more pains in the drunken scene, we mean in the rcaotion, after the general'a departure. For' Iago re marks . the ' sudden and- complete change iu Caaaio'e' Voice and general manner. ? Mrs Wal-: ter Hill pleased' us by her . saodest: and moat truthful delineation ot Desdemona. It ia cu rious what dignity: may sometimes bo given to that which the superficial oall '?triflefl.V , Mr Kogera, as Brabantie, made tho parting caution impresflive and prophetic. ; .,;.;.. . ' ' Shn has deceived her father, and may thtt ' Then Iago refers to tbis . ?''''. 'She did docelye her fatner, marrying thse.' ' ' ? The matter of -fact answer 'Arid bo she did,' clioited a sympathy that gave value to tho spplauBO, that ? would .never^havo - boon inardfri 'hud not Mr 'Rogers' laid its ' fouridn- ? .tiou. We notice one/trifijiig 'fault in Mr: Jrulan^l ? He. wounda-Kodcrigb fl/terhehas been liimself bamslrung; by Iago, which is \ almost impofisiblf. Tho hatu-stringing should i lake place, whilo Cassio is in full lunge, giving tho fatal death, thrust to his opponent. . Miss ? Bowring'u Emilia received . and merited much j applause, fi»tn itshont'Biy, tiuthfulness, and in- i telligonco. Her voice raug through the house ! in the words which, by the way, found dn echo i in every breast : , ' ' Oh that higb. UcaTon would put- in ovoty honoBt ? hand a whip, .. ,.:;,',? , . , . ; , | ? Tola h theacoundrel naked through the i world.' ' j Miss Bowring laid; an incisive emphnsis on ( tho word ' naked ' !thrit greatly ' pleased' ]ue. i Tbe rascal should be1 stripped ot every fallacy and subterfuge ; Bhoulil be first expoeed, a' de- monstrated v^luiu, nnd then1 whipped as' s'ubb'. \ But for the occasional' pleasure of praising,' we could never toil through the drudgery o( angenial criticism. ,.y, ,.!-;:,:. , -: ,' ijm, ; ! , . / ,; :, .;,.. HOLOFERNES.. 