THE NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The memorial stone of the new Congrega tional Church, Williamstown, was laid on Monday afternoon, October 4th, by the Rev. A. R. Philps, pastor of the church; when, although the lain was steadily falling, upwards of a hundred persons (including several ladies and clergymen) gathered on and around the platform to witness the ceremony. The en gagements were commenced by singing part of the hymn, beginning " This stone to Thee in faith we lay ;" after which a dedication prayer was offered by the Rev. Thos. Ed wards, of East Melbourne. The Rev. Mlr Philps then deposited in a cavity, hollowed out for the purpose, a bottle containing docu ments relating to the history of the church, the names of the church officers, building committee, architect, and contractors; copies of the Melbourne daily papers and the local journal, two or three pamphlets, and a few small coins of the present reign. The trea surer of the building fund (Mr Thomas Keep) having on behalf of the committee presented a silver trowel to the pastor, the rev. gentleman proceeded to the adjustment of the stone, which was quietly lowered into its resting place, and, with the customary formalities, declared to be " well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." 'In a brief address the rev. gentleman referred to the unexpected failure of certain arrangements that had been made for this ceremonial; expressed his high sense of the honour conferred upon himn in being requested to officiate on such an occasion; and uttered the fervent hope that the divine bounty in bestowing the much-needed "latter rains" might be taken as a pledge and omen for good in regard to the future of this under taking, and the growing prosperity of the church in days and years to come. The Doxology was then sung; the Benediction pronounced ; and the friends adjourned to the present church, where tea was provided by the ladies of the congregation with their uni form kindness, taste, and liberality. Not withstanding the almost ceaseless rain, the building was crowded to excess, and upwards of three hundred persons partook of the re freshment prepared. The state of the weather necessarily occasioned a good deal of incon venience and discomfort; but it was felt by all to be a ground for thankfulness that the long period of comparative drought was broken up, and that it had pleased the Al mighty to cause His showers to descend so abundantly to water the earth. After tea, a public meeting was held, presided over by the pastor, in which the Revds. G. Wilkinson, W. B. Fletcher, D. Nitmmo, W. Woods, A. Gos man, W. Moss, J. Edwards, and E. King took part. A collection was made, which, together with the proceeds of the tea, added upwards of £60 to the building fund. On the motion of Mr Keep, seconded by Mr Worthington, a vote of thanks was given to the ladies for their generous and ready help. The meeting was a pleasant onte. Interesting addresses were delivered, many kind wishes were ex pressed, and a cheerful, hopeful spirit pre vailed. The meeting was closed in the usual way. The church which is now in course of erec. tion will be in the early decoration style of Gothic architecture. The design, by Mr Joseph Sneider, of Melbourne, was selected out of a number submitted by various archi tects. The walls are of bluestone, square rubble work, and pointed ; the dressings are of Portland cement. The principal features of the church are a handsome tower and spire at the north-east angle, 83 feet high, and large tracery window in the front gable. The in ternal dimetsions will be 75 ft. x 35 ft., and 30 ft. high to the centre of plastered ceiling. There is also a vestry at the south end, 19ft. x 13 ft. The floor will have an incline of 2 ft from the entrance, to the platform. The ornamental trusses supporting the roof will be exposed below the ceiling, and rest on en riched corbels. The whole of the internal fittings are of deal, stained and varnished. The seats are open, and finished with neatly wrought beclh ends. The windows will be glaced with lead quarrys, filled with cathedral glass and coloured margins. Ventilation is amply provided for by revolving gratings in the floor along each passage, hoppers in each side window, ornamental zinc ventilators over windows at the eaves, and circular ditto in ceiling between the trusses, and finally on roof and each gable. There will be two se parate entrances, and accommodation is pro vided for seating over 400 worshippers. The cost of the church when finished (exclusive of land, but inclusive of fencing) will be about £1900. The present contract is for £1498; and the builders (Messrs. Dcithant and Goss) are under engagement to finish the works on or before 31st January, 1870. Refitted.-There is a yaung lady in Cam den-town so refined in her language that she never uses the word 'blackguard,' but substi. ute a' African sentinel.' 