GUNDAROO. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] February 22.—The following reply has been received to the petition presentod to the Post- master-General (by Mr W. Affleck) from the residents of the Yass River and Mundoonan :— "General Post-office, Sydney, 10th February, 1869\. Gentlemen, — With reference to your memorial dated the 30th ult., relative to the mail route between Yass and Gundaroo as travelled by the present contractor, I am directed by the Honourable the Postmaster-General to inform you that the postmasters on that line of road have been instructed to report every deviation on the part of the mailman from the route adopted by the previous contractor, with a view to a fine of ten shillings being imposed upon the contractor for every failure to convey the mail via the Gundaroo township. I have the honour to be, &c.;, S. H. Lamdton, secretary." As it will be impossible for the postmasters at Yass and Gundaroo to know which way the mailman goes, it has been arranged by those living on the route to let the Postmaster-General know every time the mail does not go by way of the Yass River and Mundoonan route. Last Tuesday's mail did not arrive in Gundaroo until Wednesday morning, and then not on horseback but on foot, the mailboy carrying the bag on his arm. Such is the style the present contract is being carried out. I am also told that the mailboy has carried backwards and forwards two or three times between Yass and Gundaroo several letters for residents on the Yass River. I believe this has been reported to the Postmaster-General. There was service in the Presbyterian Church in the afternoon of Saturday last, in consideration of the proclamation of the Governor, but rain had previously descended on the Thursday and Friday, and therefore, the service was as much a thanks- giving as a humiliation. A splendid discourse was given on the occnsion. Our new school building has been commenced, the mason being busy at work. The foundation stone is to be laid about the end of the month. The past few days have been very cold, indeed, so much so that it has been found necessary to have fires, but to-day has been considerably more agreeable, the sun shining out warm. Vegetation has now commenced to show itself and in a short time we will, no doubt, have abundance of grass. February 23. — The weather is beautiful, and the grass is growing ; the bush is now looking quite green, and if we had another light shower the winter supply of herbage would be all that could be wished for. Threshing and ploughing are going on, indeed, in one instance, sowing is being proceeded with. The Yass mail contractor seems still to defy the postal authorities, and go by way of Nanima instead of the route contracted for. The foundation stone of our new school building is to be laid, I believe, on Monday afternoon next, at 3 30 p.m. The work is now being proceeded with rapidly, a considerable portion of the founda- tion being already in. It is contemplated to have a bazaar and Bruce auction here next month in connection with the clearing off of the debt on the Presbyterian Church. The committee are to meet on an early day to make the final arrangements respecting it, and I believe collections have already been commenced, and will from this out be thankfully received from any person. A notice will appear in an early issue of your paper. Business is very dull. Wife Desertion. — On Wednesday a person who went by the name of George Hislop, but whose real name is Samuel Copeman, and who for the last three months has been in the employ of Mr Elliot as a journeyman watchmaker, was appre- hended on a warrant from Sydney for having de- serted his wife at Lithgow about six months since. He was confined in the lockup. It is a fortunate circumstance for Hislop that the warrant arrived that day, as he had made all the necessary arrange- ments for a marriage with the daughter of a farmer on the Murrumbidgee River. It will be seen from our police report that the defendant was yesterday remanded to Sydney. Accident near Burrowa. — Last week a man named Joseph Barton, in the employ at Suffolk Vale, near Burrowa, had gone to the township for the purpose of releasing a horse from the pound, when on returning home the one he was riding slipped down and threw him on a log, causing a fracture of one of his legs below the knee. He was taken to the nearest house, and Dr. Clifford sent for who set the limb. Barton is progressing favourably. Curry's Garden at Yass. — A few days since we had a look round Mr Curry's garden in Meehan- street, for so many years famous, while the pro- perty of Mr Myles, for the superior production of fruits. What strikes the visitor most is the extra- ordinary abundance of the various kinds of grapes, all of great excellence, more particularly the muscatel, which grows in heavy clusters, ripe, full, and well-flavoured. The vines are in fine order, and, indeed, the whole garden shows that a great deal of judicious labour has been bestowed on it. There are also some fine pears and apples of different varieties. The Flying Fox. — These destructive tres- passers on the orchards have made their ap- pearance in the town and neighbourhood in con- siderable numbers. Many of them, however, have been destroyed by the aid of the gun. It is sur- prising how they will denude the peach of its fruity portion with greater facility and more com- pletely than had it been in the hands of a human creature. Yass Presbyterian School. — Mr and Mrs Creran, the newly appointed teachers of the above school, arrived in Yass on Thursday last, and intend to commence the duties of the school on Monday next. St. Andrew's Church.— We are informed that the committee of St. Andrew's Church have decided that the annual soiree will take place on the 23rd of March prox. The Rev. P. P. Agnew. — This reverend gentle- man gave his farewell lecture in the Court-house on Tuesday evening to a numerous and attentive audience. The subject was "Preachers and Preaching," and in the opinion of many it was the best lecture of the series. From the thinness of the congregations that have attended his services we should come to the conclusion that Mr Agnew has not been very successful in his missionary efforts in this town. He left town for Gundagai yesterday. Treason Felony Act Amendment Bill.— On Tuesday Mr Driver introduced the bill, and the second rending was ordered for Friday next (this day). Insolvency. —A single and only meeting in the estate of Peter Thomson, of Jones's Creek, near Gundagai, carpenter, will be held at Tumut on Thursday, March 11. New Satirical Paper.— A new weekly paper of satire— called The Ghost —directed against the present Ministry and principal adherents, has recently been started in Sydney. It is certainly the best specimen of the class of literature that has appeared in the colony, and deserves to succeed. The cartoons are ably executed, the likenesses of the originals, being more faithfully preserved than is usual in political caricatures executed in Australia, The Fire Brigade. — On Tuesday evening last a meeting of the members of the fire brigade and others, which had been convened by circular, was held at Mr Thomas Colls's, the Commercial Hotel. The attendance was small, and the absence of some of the first promoters of the movement was the subject of regret. Mr Mark Levey, as foreman, occupied the chair. Messrs. A Wood, J. Colls, and J. McJannett were enrolled as members of the brigade. The hon. secretary read the minutes of the last meeting, which were confirmed. The chairman announced that letters had been written to the several insurance companies that had risks in Yass, but with one exception no replies had been received. He had written to the Sydney Insurance Company, who had replied as follows :— "Sydney Insurance Company, 10th February, 1869\. Sir, — Your letter of yesterday, addressed to me, appears to have been intended for the superintendent of our fire brigade. As one of the committee of the Brigade Board, I may, however, reply to it by stating that nothing has been done, or is likely to be done, by that Board in furtherance of your object, the majority of the offices compris- ing it having no interest or risk in your township. As far as this individual company is concerned, my directors cannot do more than they have already offered to do, namely, to contribute in conjunction with the other offices transacting business in your town, rateably, that is, according to the amount of risk which each office has, a certain sum either towards the formation of the brigade, or in aid of its annual expenses. It appears to me that until your townspeople have subscribed sufficient funds to fairly establish the brigade, it is useless to apply to the fire insurance companies. Yours, truly. Alex. Thomson. To Mr Mark Levey," &c.; Mr Pembrooke questioned whether the letter was worth receiving. Mr Levey had called upon the representatives of the insurance companies, but had received no satisfac- tion from them. He considered the best course to adopt would be to pass the balance of the rules, and that subscription lists be sent to each office, asking for its contribution. He referred to an engine that had been purchased for 100/. with thirty feet hose, but it would be better to have forty feet. He thought it was no use to write to the United Board any more, as no answer had been received from it. Mr Pembrooke was of opinion that it was desirable to write to the Board of Insurance Companies. stating that 70/. had been promised, and that the brigade had been organised. If Mr Maurice Alexander, whose place of business was next to the London and Liverpool and Globe Insurance Office, were written to, he would, no doubt, be kind enough to state the case to that office and see whether that company, who has risks in the town, would do any- thing to promote the object in view. The suggestion was adopted. Some playful remarks were made with respect to Mr Isaacs, the member for Yass Plains, as to whether he would lend his assistance in the way of a donation ; but the feeling of the meeting was not favourable to an applica- tion in that quarter, Mr Pembrooke moved, Mr Shipway seconded, and it was carried :—"That the secretary be instructed to write to the three insurance companies who have risks here, and report the present state of the Yass Volunteer Fire Brigade." After the usual vote of thanks, the meeting then adjourned until communications were received from Sydney, when the secretary would convene a meeting. Diseases in Sheep Act of 1866.— The follow- ing gentlemen have been elected sheep directors for the respective sheep districts hereinafter mentioned :— Young : John Peterson, Illalong ; W. D. Campbell, Beverly ; John Pring, Crowther : C. W. Church, Bland ; and Alex. Mackay, Wallend- been, Esquires. Queanbeyan : Thomas Rutledge, Molonglo : William Davis, Gininderra, E. Mandel- son, Naas Valley : A. Cunninghame, Lanyon ; and Charles Alphonse Massy, Gundaroo, Esquires. The following gentlemen have been appointed directors on the nomination of the Chief Inspector of Sheep :— Gundagai . P. F. O'Donnell. Cucumbla ; William Macansh, Bundarlo: George M Donald. Adgenbilly ; Angus Rankin, Bombolee ; and Walter O. Windeyer, Wantabadgery, Esquires. Wagga Wagga : Thomas W. Hammond, Junee : John Holloway, Gobbagumblin ; John Cox Pulletop ; H. M. Paul, Pomingalarna ; and G. P. Wilson, O'Brien's Creek, Esquires. Gold Prospecting. — The small party prospecting for gold eight miles beyond Toomorroma, under the Kiandra Alps, mentioned a week or so ago in this journal, are said to be finding gold, but not as yet in quantities to justify any exeitement amongst the digging community. It is not the first time that gold has been found in that neighbourhood, but the question is can it be found in such quantities as to make it remunerative to hands that are usually enployed in farming. The digging might fill up spare time and nothing more. Albury Wine.— On Wednesday last a waggon laden with a number of casks of wine from Albury passed through Yass for Sydney, where it is in constant and growing request. Colonial wine is getting daily into more favour, and if the manu- facturers will pay attention to all the details in making it, it is sure in time to exclude the importa- tion of the foreign stuff. ATHLETIC SPORTS — A meeting of persons favourable to getting up athletic sports on Easter Monday, was held on Thursday evening nt Mr Thomas Colls's hotel. There was a good attendance. Mr Wood was voted to the chair. A resolution was passed in favour of the movement, and it was decided that the sports should come off in the accommodation paddock at the south of the town, rented by Mr Sampson. A committee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. Mr Wood was appointed judge ; Mr S. R. Pembrooke starter ; Mr Elliot time-keeper. A subscription list was opened and between £5, and £6 entered upon it. Sale of Leases of Crown Lands.— This fore- noon a sale of leases of the following Crown lands was held by the land agent at the Court-house, Yass. There was a numerous attendance of parties interested. The following is the result :— Lot 1. 900 acres, county of King, pariah of Der- ringullen. Owen Ryan, 27/. Lot 2. 940 acres, county of King, parish of Crosby. Owen Ryan, 10/. Lot 3. 800 acres, county of King, parish of Crosby. Withdrawn from sale. Lot 4, 640 acres, county of King, parish of Crosby. James Hardiman, 10/. Lot 5, 640 acres, county of King, parish of Crosby. James Hardiman, 29/. Lot 6, 800 acres, county of King, parish of Blakney. A. H. Hume, 4/. Lot 7, 640 acres, county of King, parish of Blakney. Richard Reynolds, 4/. Lot 8, 640 acres, county of King, parish of Blakney. Richard Reynolds. 3/ 6s. Lot 9, 1040 acres, county of King, parish of Blakney. Francis Byrnes. 3/. 5s. Lot 10. 1200 acres, county of King, parish of Blakney. Martin Hennessey, 3/ Lot 11, 750 acres, county of King, parish of Blakney. A. H. Hume. 2/. 2s. Lot 12, 1000 acres, county of King, parish of Blakney, T. Daley, 5/. 5s. Excerpts. — It is expected that a conference of the members of the various colonial Chambers of Commerce will be held in Sydney on the proposed Customs union early in March. Three men and two boys were in a boat off Williamstown fishing on Saturday, when a whirlwind capsized the boat, and they were all drowned. — Plenty of rain has fallen at the Barwin, the ground is saturated, and 32,000 sheep crossing the border from Queensland had to turn back. Private letters from England state that Sir George Grey, the late Governor of New Zealand, is desirous of entering Parliament, and that he would have contested West Worcester shire at the general election had not the ground been fully occupied prior to his arrival in Eng- land. The Java Bode contains the following : The so-called Count Von Attems has come to con- fession. This arch cutpurse now calls himself Kurt Schmalz, in order perhaps to change his name afterwards. Formerly he stated that he was twenty-four years of age ; now he says twenty- two. From his sixteenth year he has lived by roguery and cheating. Under the name of Count Von Schonborn, in the year 1867, he discounted forged bills an the N. I. Trading Bank at Amster- dam, which were so skilfully forged that the for- gery was not discovered until two days after they had been paid in London. On Monday after- noon Mr and Mrs B. Stevenson, of Crookwell, were standing outside their house, when a relative of theirs a youth named William Long, came towards the place with a loaded gun. In getting through the fence the hammer caught and the weapon went off, a portion of the charge lodging in Mr Stevenson's thigh, and another portion in the elbow and muscles of Mrs Stevenson's arm. A case has been partly heard before the magis- trates at Goulburn, in which Mr McIllhatton charged James Kennedy with having committed wilful and corrupt perjury in a wages case. The further hearing has been deferred to the 15th of March. At the trial of G. A. Greville, for steal- ing money, the property of the Joint Stock Bank. Dr. Belanfante, after the verdict was given, moved four points in arrest of judgment. ——A Melbourne telegram, dated Tuesday, says :— The Prince was entertained at Toorak ; he attends the Mayor's ball on Thursday. He visits the country, having acceptod an invitation to Barwon Park and Gee- long. His Royal Highness drove through Collins- street, and afterwards walked in the town, being little interfered with. He dines at the Melbourne Club to-night. Mr Duffy's motion in favour of compensation to members will, it is thought in political circles, be carried this session. A case of small-pox has been discovered at Wanganui. Stealing Cheques.— At the Urana Police Court, on the 20th February. William A. Ross was charged with stealing two cheques on the Bank of Austra- lasia, Melbourne, of the value of 7/. 10s. each, drawn in favour of Thomas Francis O'Connor by Robert Rand. Mr Fitzhardinge appeared for pri- soner. Senior-constable Brislan deposed to the arrest of prisoner. Asked him if he understood the charge, he replied, "Yes I do, thoroughly." Robert Rand deposed that he was the owner of the Mohonga and Urangeline stations. Prisoner was employod as his storekeeper, and asked him for two cheques, for a man named O'Connor, of 7/. 10s. each. Gave him them. Afterwards, from what he heard from O'Connor, asked prisoner what he had done with the cheques. Prisoner said he had forwarded them to the bank, having been authorised to do so by O'Connor ; then lodged an information against prisoner for appropriating the cheques to his own use, and had a warrant issued for his apprehension. — Thomas Francis O'Connor deposed that he was overseer to Mr Rand at. Uran- geline in December last, when witness asked him for two cheques for 7/. 10s. Rand said he would send them by prisoner, who was going in a few days to Mohonga, where Mr Rand resided. On the 25th December asked prisoner if Mr Rand had sent the cheques. He said no, but lent him 7/. 10s. by a cheque of his own on the Bank of Victoria. On the 4th of January again asked prisoner if Mr Rand had left any cheques for him. He said yes, but that he had sent them to be paid into his own account at the Bank of Victoria. He then gave a second cheque of 7/. 10s. on the Bank of Victoria, which, on being forwarded to that bank was dishonoured ; never endorsed either of Mr Rand's cheques. Asked prisoner to settle the matter, when he offered him one of his own cheques on the Bank of Victoria, which witness refused to take. Witness threatened to take legal proceedings, when prisoner said, "You can do your best ; you have your remedy." —Two other witnesses were examined, and the prisoner was committed for trial at the Wagga Wagga Circuit Court, on the 5th day of April next. Bail allowed, himself in 200/. and two sureties in 100/. each. — Wagga Wagga Advertiser. Bushranging in the Western District.— The Western Examiner (Orange) of the 20th affords the following :— Yesterday week. A. Kerr. Esq., J. P., was stuck up when travelling between Molong and Wellington, by a man equipped in orthodox bushranging style, and was detained by him for a period of ten hours, ultimately losing the horse he was driving, in exchange for which a sorry j?de ridden by the robber was left. The occurrence took place at the Gap, between Molong and Ylur- dhry. Whilst Mr Kerr was held in durance vile, Messrs. W. F. Wynne and Dunn came along in a buggy, accompanied by Mr Power (of Lucknow) on horseback. They likewise were stopped, and informed by the bushranger that they had Mr Kerr "up yonder"—though they consider there was but one man. The declared intention of the bush- ranger was to stop the Obley mail, which was seen to pass by Mr Kerr, taking a bush track, but he wisely held his tongue. Messrs. Wynne and Dunn informed him that the mail had just passed, at which he did not appear much disconcerted. The demand for money was answered by Mr Wynne producing a pound-note. In reply to the usual question. Mr Power said he was a poor man looking for a job, and produced some silver, which was scornfully rejected —Mr Power at the same time having some notes about him. showing either the man was a novice, or that he was satiated. Mr Kerr too, we believe, had a few pounds on his per- son not interfered with. After a short delay the travellers were allowed to proceed. The man made no attempt at concealment. He is described as young and active, and announced himself to Mr Kerr as Rutherford. Each of the victims declare they would have no difficulty in recognising him again. A Man Burnt to Death —About midnight a stable at the rear of Hotham Terrace, Hotham- street, East Melbourne, was found to be in flames, and in a few minutes the structure, which was of wood, was entirely consumed. Screams were said to have been heard issuing from among the flames, and a man named Robert Cummings, who oc- cupied a room (canvassed) off the stable, was missing. On search being made, his body, charred to a cinder, was found amongst the bedclothes. The man was a brother of Mrs Martin, about fifty years of age, and of sober habits, but an inveterate smoker. He was the son of a minister in Wex- ford, and a highly educated man, in the habit of reading in bed. It is supposed that he was smok- ing and reading in bed, when he must have fallen asleep. He had no fire, and used a sperm candle for light. At half-past ten o'clock he was seen, and was then all right. He had been formerly prosperous, but had met with reverses. Since his return a short time ago from Queensland had oc- cupied himself in fishing. The fire was over be- fore the brigade arrived, as it did not last more than ten minutes. —Melbourne Herald. Attempted Murder at Wangaratta. — Intelli- gence has been received of an attempted murder at Wangaratta. It appears that on Saturday two men— one called German Charlie, the other named William M Donald — had been drinking together all the morning. In the evening they quarrelled, as is usual in such cases. M'Donald said he would have a sleep, and he laid down with his face to the floor with that intention, when German Charlie stabbed him in the back with a long pocket- knife. A man named Lanalor, who had witnessed the attack, arrested German Charlie, tied him up, and went to give information to the police ; but on his return he found his prisoner had escaped.— Melbourne Telegraph. Sheep Stealing. — At the Police Court, Narnn- dera, on the 13th instant, James White, charged with stealing fifty-two sheep, the property of J. A. Lewis, Esq., and William Hill, charged with being accessory to the same, pleaded not guilty. — Con- stable Foley deposed that, from information received, he went with Mr Lewis to prisoner White's residence, to look for some missing sheep ; saw prisoner Hill yarding a flock of sheep in which Mr Lewis recognised some of his sheep. Hill walked quickly away when he saw them coming. Arrested both prisoners and brought them into Narandera. Mr Lewis recognised and drafted out fifty-two sheep, belonging to him, from the flock (two of these sheep were produced in court). — John Alfred Lewis deposed that his boundary- rider had reported the loss of a mob of 200 or 300 sheep from the paddock under his charge. The sheep were tracked to a yard about three-quarters of a mile from prisoner White's yard ; saw Hill shepherding a flock containing several of his missing sheep. Prisonor White was in the yard. Gave them both in charge for sheep stealing. Found fifty-two of his sheep amongst them. Recognised the two sheep produced as his property. The fence of the paddock in which the sheep were was a very good one, and they could not have got out if it had not been broken down on purpose. Never knew any of his sheep to stray in the direction of Humbug Creek before. — The case was remanded for further evidence until the 18th instant, when the Police Magistrate and Mr J. A. Browne. J.P., attended, and some corroborative evidence of the above having been given, the defendants were committed to take their trial at the Circuit Court, Wagga Wagga, on 5th April next, for sheep stealing.—Wagga Wagga Advertiser. The Ballarat Post-Office Embezzlement.— John Henry Newton King, who had pleaded guilty, was called up for sentence at the Ballarat Circuit Court yesterday. His honor addressed the pri- soner, but in such low tones and with such evident emotion, that he was only partially audible. His honor said that all the testimonials handed in by the prisoner from his brother officers, and others, spoke of him in the highest terms. It was most painful, therefore, to see one who had held such a high position in the esteem of his colleagues and others thus fallen, forfeiting all that men held valuable. His honor had never felt a more pain- ful case, but feelings must not sway the judge, and justice must be done. But he had never felt more in all his life than in having to discharge his duty in this case. To see a man who had won such high tributes of esteem for so many years by one act forfeit all, and come to ruin and destruc- tion in all his prospects. But he knew that the prisoner's own sufferings—his montal sufferings— would be infinitely worse than any sentence the court could pass upon him. To the general ear the sentence that would he passed might seem light, but it would not be so really, as the punish- ment endured was not always to be measured by the actual duration of the sentence given by the judge. The sentence of the court would be one year's imprisonment. The prisoner, who frequently sobbed during his honor's address, was then re- moved. — Star. H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh —The South Australian Advertiser, after remarking that it is the policy to visit New South Wales once more to give the people there assurance (though none such was needed) that he thinks none the less of them as a community because of the dastardly attack upon his life, coming to look in upon us (the South Australians) again just for a day or two is an act of friendliness which we had no right to expect, but which will be valued as a handsome compli- ment. His Royal Highness (adds the journalist) sees us how in our every day attire. We gave him a royal reception on his first visit ; we give him a friendly one now. Then he came as a stranger, and we awarded him an illustrious stranger's re- ception—friendly but ceremonial, as was fitting ; now he comes as an acquaintance, and though we shall be less fussy, we shall be none the less warm- hearted in our welcome. One thing we are sure will give him satisfaction while he is with us—we shall leave him alone. He will not be bored by long addresses, followed about by the "recording angels of the press," compelled to assist at the laying of foundation-stones, or exhibit himself on all occasions at the request of gushing admirers. He is to have a day's sport on the racecourse and a ball is being arranged ; but all this will be in a quiet way. He is here now as the Captain of the Galatea and not as H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, and if this fact is strictly kept in mind, it will add to his comfort and to ours. Actions for Trespass. — The following causes were decided in the Supreme Court on Mondny :— Broughton v. Kilpatrick.— This was an action for trespass on the Gadara run, in the Murrumbidgee district, near the town of Adelong. The plaintiff was a squatter, and the defendant a free selector. The declaration contained two counts, the first being for trespass on his run by defendant's cattle. &c.; ; the second for an impounding by defendant of plaintiff's cattle. Damages were laid at 500/. There were seven pleas :— 1. Not guilty. 2. That the land said to have been trespassed upon was not that of the plaintiff. 3. That it was Crown lands, and that defendant had entered upon it by leave of the Crown. 4. That as to a portion of the said land, the defendand had made a condi- tional purchase of it, and had complied with the conditions for such purchase. 5. That twenty persons named in the plea had made conditional purchases of other portions of the land said to have been trespassed upon, and had complied with the conditions as to purchase, &c.; 6\. That as to certain other portions of the said lands these twenty free selectors had pre-emptive leases. 7. That the plaintiff's cattle had been impounded be- cause they were trespassing on the defendant's land. All the free selections were shown on the plan, and appeared to be scattered right across the Gadara run. The plaintiff entered a nolle prosequi as to the count for impounding, and took issue as to questions of trespass. Mr Martin. Q.C., and Mr Darley, appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr M. Stephen and Mr Butler, for the defendant. Four jurors were placed in the box, and a verdict for plaintiff with 150/. damages was taken by consent, subject to certain conditions which had been agreed upon by the parties, but were not stated to the court. Broughton v. Grain.— This was a similar action, and was settled in the same manner, and with the same verdict as the last. — S. M. Herald. Pastoral Items. —The following is from the Pastoral Times: — People in all parts of the colonies are congratulating themselves on the apparent termination of the dry weather. How- ever, in the saltbush country the weather is still dry and hot. More rain is needed, as, though there is a pretty good spring in the grass it is dry- ing up for want of moisture. In Deniliquin district and surrounding it there are large quan- tities of fat sheep, and the runs, where they are not overstocked, are standing out well against the dry season. Settlers are now talking of relying on quality father than quantity in stock, and if they act upon this the drought will not be without its useful lesson. Nothing of importance in stock matters has occurred in Deniliquin during the week. The Duke of Edinburgh and O'Farrell.— In answer to an inquiry made by Mr Macleay in the Assembly on Tuesday, the Premier stated, with the authority of the Governor, that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, on the 5th April, 1868, that is, just before he left the colony, wrote n lotter to his Excellency, requesting that, as by the law of Englnnd wounding with intent to kill is not punishable with death, the life of O'Farrell might be spared, at least until the matter had been referred to her Majesty's Government. Mr Robert- son afterwards added the statement that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh further requested that, at nil events, his wish for the sparing of O'Fnrrell's life might be made known to the peoplo of the colony. It is certainly very strange that a wish so natural and becoming, expressed by the Prince, should have beon kept secrot by the authorities for so long a time, until the eve of his Royal HighneBS's return to Sydney. — Empire. Supposed Suicide.— At eleven on Friday night last woek the police received information that Richard Brigdale, aged twenty, a carpenter well known here, h id gone to bathe that afternoon, and not beon seen since. At daylight next morning the police proceeded to Armidale Greek, and at a water-holo near Mr Brindle's found Brigdalo's olothes. The police and a number of the public then commenced to drag and search the creek, and about nine Mr Oallnghan's party succeeded in re covering the dead body of Brigdale. when the poltoe remoyed it to Mr Benjamin's Hotel, and an inquest was held at two p.m., boforo Mr Markham and a jury of five. Acoording to the evidence given by the deceased's mother, a widow, her son onlled at her housei told her that he had been bounced for some money ho owed, and asked her to lend him 1 W. She said that she could not command so much money then, but would endeavour to got it in a day or two. Ho said if lie could not got it he would do something rash, which she begged him not to do, as she. would endeavour to get the money. Subsequently he gave his brother, aged ten years, his watch, ond told him to take it to his mamma. He then went ostensibly to bathe, by himself, and ibe did not Bee him again alive. Othor witnesses gqvo ovidenoo as to the finding tho body. Dr Spnsshatt examined it, found no marks ofviolenoo I and was of opinion that doath had been caused by i drowning. After tho ooroner had addressed the i jury, they returned a verdict that Richard Brigdale i had committed suicide, by drowning himself in the Armidale Creek, on tho 12th instnnt. — Express. Order of Knighthood in tnu Colonies. — a i despatch was received by the last mail from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, stnting that her Majesty has been graciously pleased to oonfer 1 the honour of knighthood upon the Hon. James Martin. ex-Premier of this colony, and upon the Hon. Terence Aubery Murray, President of the Legislative Council. It has been also notified to his Excellency, in the same despntoh, that tho Hon. Oharles Oowper and Mr J. B. Darvall ( formerly i Attornoy-General of tho colony), have both beon created, by her Majesty's command. Companions of tho Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George. Wo fS. 1 If Herald) are given to understand that tho honour of knighthood has been conferred upon Mr Murray at the express re commendation of his Excellency Sir John Young, rnnde before he left this colony. The patents are all to be forwarded from the Homo Office as soon as the necessary formalities shall have been complied with. Theso advancements of Messrs. Martin and Murray and Cowporand Dnrvall, havo in eaoh case been mado in rewnrd of" distinguished sorvieos " in this part of her Majesty's possessions. It is understood that tho intelligence respecting theso honours conferred, arrived in a despatch from Downing-strect, dated tho 8th December last. SnoaKtNO Death in the Busn. — On Sunday, the 31st January, Messrs. Poppin's (of Wnnganella) overseer left the Gall Gall Range Station for Mnnfred (forty miles) to procure meat. &o.;, when in the Mullee, about nine miles from the station, ho mot a man sitting. down. He got up and nsked tho oversoer how far it was to Mr Poppin's station, and tho answer was " nine miles." Tho overseer thus writes; — "The wanderer then nsked if I had any water, and I gave him what I had. He said ho would reach all right. On arriving at Manfred I learned that ho would not take anything to oat or drink witli him when leaving there. I left as soon as I could get somo meat on Monday evening, nnd look water nnd food with mo in enso the man was still on the road. Another man had also started. I camo tip with him about throe in the morning; ho was lying not far from wltnro I first passed him. Ho said that aftor I loft him ho started to go on. but found lie cnuld not walk, and thought somo illness had come over him. As he could not go on I gavo him what I had to cat and drink ; hut ho could not get on mv horse, so I returned home nnd took out tho cart and brought him in. We gave him broth and gruel, and he at first seemed hotter, hut then gradually worse, but he did not think (he snid) ho would die. On Wed nesday I told him I thought ho would dio, as he appeared getting much weaker. On Thursday I had to feed liirn with a spoon, nnd when away my wife nttonded to him; but with all our enre ho diod on Friday morning about hnlf-pust two. I reported to the Pooncnirn police, and havo buried him. I find that lie was a nntivo of Liverpool (Engalnd). and that he was baptised on Juno 30th. 1809, at Christ Church. Liverpool. His name wns Richard Lyno. I have written to his friends at homo, and I will send them some papers and a watoh. &o; . left, which ho wished mo to do. Tho man had boen lying about the road, it seems, nine days, and only for tho showers ho must havo perished sooner. Ho should havo been ablo to travel forty miles with the showers he had without any difficulty." — Pastoral Times. i n meet; ineo in tnc ij.ane; ny 51. Hobson, Od 6 ncr Bright Smile Haunts mo Still, by Brinl Richards. 2s Gd Hard Times come ngain no more, 2s Gd. Wallace's Montana. 3s 0d All the Rage Quadrille, by Oalcott, 3s Od The Hilda Valsa, 3s Od " The Ballot Girl, or She Danced on the lig ' fantastic toe. 2s Gd A very line girl for her age, 2s Od I'm number One, or the Perfect Gontlomr 2s Gd 1 am ono of (lie Clden Titno, or Fifty yer ago, '2s Od Tho Life Boat, 2s Gd Janet's Gltnico — a ballad, 3s Gd Janet's Bridal. 2s Gd I Oil, Mother Dear, as sung bv Mr Char Lascellos at Madatno Bishop's concot 4 Uri'-h) 2s Gd / Looking Beyond — song, 2s Gd Friendship. Is ;it '|«|,0 W|)010 nf t,he above is marked considi ' ably under published prices. Postage. 2d. each extra. D Any music required can bo procured a few dr ee after receipt of order. Fall"o(i''a 'VlOlicM'V.t- YUAItuc-aruEBT, Sydney. — At a few minutes to twelve o'clock on Monday foronoon. tho floor over the Bhop occupied by Mr R. Thnme, grocer, of George- Btreet. opposite tho Markets, foil with n greatcrash, and buried Bevcral persons beneath the ruins, but fortunately all woro got out alive. No soonor hnd the floor fallen in thnn a large number of porsons were nttractod to the spot, and these set earnestly to v/ork to remove the debris and release the persons who woro buried beneath. At tho time of tho occurrence Mr Thnme was in the office ongaged with Dr. Ander son. of tho South Head Road, nnd in tho shop were Mr Moses, of Windsor ; Mr Robinson, collector for Messrs. Learmonth, Diokinson, and Go. ; and Mr Thamo's assistants, named Lucas, Pepper, and Whitehead. Two others, named Grimwoud nnd Franklin, were also about tho premises. Mr Walter Bradley, the auctioneer, and Mr R. Brown- low. the owner of ..the premises, hnd just left tho shop, as also a young woman whom Mr Lucas had been serving, when the floor of tho storeroom, without a mnmont's warning, fell into tho shop. The whole of the persons in tho shop were struck down by tho falling timber, goods, &c.;, and it is little short nf a miracle that all escaped with their lives. Tho room over tho shop wns used as a storeroom, and it was the weight of the goods there stored — rice, tea. &o.; — that proved too much for tho rafters ; but fortunately the floor gave way in the middle, nnd the beams on either side fell with an angle, which prevented the wholo weight of the goods from falling on the persons beneath. Mr Lucas was struck by a beam, and renderod for the time unconscious, but recovering bis senseB, he was enabled to creep out and get into the open air through tho back way, where ho fainted. Mr Thnme and Dr. Anderson wero under tho debris fifteen or twenty minutes before they were extri cated. and thoir rescue, as well as that of tho others, was hailed with choers by the multitude, whioli, as if by mngio, had congregated in front of the shop, All the persons thus extricated were more or less bruised. Mr Thnmo sustained n sovero injury to one of his arms by n beam falling on it, hut beforo he was removed to his home it was ascertained that tbo bone was not broken. Dr. Anderson was very muoh bruisod, and it is stated that Borne of his ribs are brokon. Mr Lucns received a rather severe cut on his head, nnd he -was taken to the Infirmary, whero tho wound was droBsed, after which he returned to tho scene of the accident. Mr Robinson nnd tho other persons who were in the shop, were nlso shaken soveroly. and were bruisod to n greater or less extent. No sooner had the workmen ascertained that there wore no more persons under tho ruinB, thnn they commenced to prop up tho roof and portions of the still standing wall which threatened every moment to come down. A large number of mon were assisting in clearing out the debris, while tho police, under Mr inspector Rend, nssisted by senior-sergeants Ryelands, Waters, and Anderson, kept back tho crowd, nnd guarded the goods ns they were brought out. It is stated that tho bnck part of tho storeroom, whore the heaviest -gogd" were stored, fell first, nnd that the front followed immediately altorwards. , The latter fell out to wards the street, some ot the brioks being sent more than half-way across the street. It is worthy of remark, that instructions had been given to oertain workmen to strengthen the sup- ports of tho room over tho shop, and thoy wore , to have commenced tho work neat morning. Tho ruins aro in ohurgo of the police; nnd wo under stand that the adjoining shops — Mrs Coatee's on one sido. and Mr Lovo's on the other— which havo suffered considerably from tho falling of Mr riiamo'B shop, have been vaoated. pending an examination of each building —S. iff. Herald. utiEAP meat.— We clip the following from a Bondigo journal :—" Good legs of mutton to be had daily. 6d. each, at the boiling down establish ment Grassy Flit." If wo had a railway to Deniliquin from Moamn we should have legs of mutton- selling cheap. We should have, of course, a boiling-down establishment hero, nnd peoplo would not send from north of us sheep to bo boiled down at Moamn, and bo starved on tho road bo- Duntltquin and Munma. — Pastoral Times, aiie oombrvili.e r ebragb. — an australian Suocbssor. — Tho mail from England whioh arrived here in January, brought news of the accidental death of Lord Somerville. Tho titlo hna thus descended to an Australian colonist, who returns to England by the next mail steamer. The present Lord Somerville has been for some time a resident of Port Macqunrie, whore ho has been engaged in the fonnntion nf ono of the largest sugar planta tions in that distriot. We understand that his re cently ncquired honours will not induce hiro to sever his connection with tho colony, but that after arranging his affairs in England he will return to wntch the development of the new industry of whioh he has been ono of the most practical ad- vuoates. - S. M. nerald, Holloway's Ointment and Pills. -Tumours, Glandular Swellings, and Bad BreastB.— If any departure from health requires oarlier attention than another to prevent disastrous consequonoos it is the class of diseases now under review. To save hazard and future pain, the budding tumour must havo prompt treatment, or discomfort and nights of disquietude will be the sufferer's portion. Whenever tho ailment first appoars. after fomenting tho spot with warm water: Il'illowtiy's ointment must bo energetically rubbed on the part till a considerable quantity is absorbed. Thn pills, too must bo commenced with early. If theso remedies be diligently porsovered with, the simplest tumour or tho contracted and stiff joint is arrested. In oases of bud breasts, with or without milk fover, relief is almost instantaneous. 