THE LOVE SONG OF THE CIVIL SERVANT. My pray'r don't spurn, with love I burn, My heart doth ache for thee, Maria; Yet why should I thus basely try To fix your love on me, Maria? Had I a store of wealth galore, To my love-tale you'd hark, Maria; But, though a swell, I'm, truth to tell, A Civil Service Clerk, Maria. From ten to three, I have to be Within the office dull, Maria; The hours to speed I papers read, Which are of twaddle full, Maria. A weary life of toil and strife— It dims of joy each spark, Maria; My life doth drag—as toil-worn fag— A Civil Service Clerk, Maria. Of holidays—it may amaze— I've but one month per year, Maria, Save when I shirk the office work, By shamming sick or queer, Maria; And Saturday, I get away By mid-day; but remark, Maria, The day half gone with toil is borne To Civil Service Clerk, Maria. I've but as screw, five hundred—true, We've perquisites sometimes, Maria— A paltry fee—to man like me— The author of these rhymes, Maria. That office work I may not shirk, It keeps my mind quite dark, Maria: What screw can pay for weary day Of Civil Service Clerk, Maria? Then, fair one, say, if hope I may You'll ever be my wife, Maria; But can I e'er ask thee to share This weary, weary life, Maria? Yet, if you will, my tailor's bill I'll cut down (he 's a shark, Maria). Such saving deep a wife may keep For Civil Service Clerk, Maria. To Mr. Punch. — Sir, — Being what is called a "Tradesman's Poet," you would, by publishing the following specimen of my style of poetical advertisement, confer a favor on Your obedient servant. Fillet McCarrot. SPECIMEN No. I. Style— The Political Butcher's. The Kiama Mystery's dropt to the ground, (Hind quarter of mutton is 3d. per lb. ) The ghost of poor Parkes got him into a mess, (By the whole or half sheep it's id. less) The papers of this quite a laughing-stock make, (2 His troubles have come in a regular lump, (The sirloin of beef 's the same price as the rump) His very best friendsto,o, have lost their belief ; (6d. per lb. is the price of spiced beef) He certainly told a political crammer, (Beef sausage is 2d., pork ditto a tanner) Of Duncan's affair, too, he's made a bad job ; (The suet is Sd., the ox- tongues (2s.) two bob.) 4. 