SARAH BIGHT, THE JEWESS, MUKDEREI) BY ISHHAEL, TO WHOM SHE WAS BETEOTHED, AXD HEB DEATH AVENGED BY JULIAS, THE POLE. THE SOLDIER OF FORTUNE, A TALE OF THE WAR. '', BY THE AUTHOR OF "STANFIELD HALL," *« MDîNIGREY," &c.; CHAPTER Lil. "0 treacherous night ! Thou lend'ít thy ready veil to every treason, And teeming mischiefe thrive beneath thy shade !" AARON HILL. The oity of Oheritz Khan-in Russia they give very magnificent names to places which in more civilised countries would scarcely be honoured by a notice on the maps-is little nore than a long straggling village, with the Greek, or national, church at one end, and the residence of the governor at the other; public buildings, properly speaking, it can scarcely be ?aid to possess- unless, indeed, the prison and a low wooden edifice, in which the traders in fur are occasionally lodged, be worthy of the appel- lation. As for the guard of Cossacks-about eighty in number-stationed at the place, they either quarter themselves without ceremony on the inhabitants, or lodge in the upper part of the town, flanking the only two entrances to the place, whioh is surrounded by walla of wood and stone, cemented together by the mud and slime collected in summer by the exiles on the banks of the Obi. The ohief entrance to the town, named after the Czar, Nicolai Thor, faced the north, and commanded a vast view over the desolate snow steep, whose undulating surface resembled a sea suddenly changed to marble, the edges caused by the drifting of the sand being as regular as though the plough had traced them. About fifty yards from the gates stood a olurop of soli- tary pine-trees, the lower branohes bent even to the earth by the weight of snow accumulated upon them. The moon was shining with that intense brightness seen only in northern latitudes j so powerful was the light she gave that not a sable could'have crossed the ground within shot without being perceived as distinctly as by day- light, when four men, clothed in sheepskin dresses, and wearing the usual mask as a protec- tion to the face, approached the spot we have attempted to describe, a fifth drove off with the sledge from which they had alighted, but speedily rejoined his companions after having concealed the vehiole in a hut at a short dis- tance : he led a hound by a strong cord. The party consisted of our hero, Henri de la Tour, the Pole, and Alexis Troubetskoi. All four were armed with their rifles-a precaution ren- dered necessary on account of the wolves. " Here we are, at Cheritz Khan at last," ob- served the young Frenchman : " and, if the question be not indiscreet, may I ask why are we here?" This was addressed to Julian. "The hour of vengeance has arrived," was the reply. " The innocent blood which has so long cried to Heaven for justice has been heard at last. Ishmael is within the walls." The brother of the murdered Oeoar examined the priming of his weapon with au air of deter- mination which announced that he for one was resolved that this time the Jew should not escape the penalty due to his crimes. " Patience I" continued the speaker. " Patience !" repeated the young man ; ^yery moment that the murderer walks the earth is a reproach to me, each breath he draws a delay of justice. In the still hour of the j night I see the eyes of his victim turned towards me, as if to ask for vengeance on his cowardly assassin. I cannot rest till it is fulfilled !" "Fear not," observed the Pole calmly j " the debt shall be paid in full. It is hard, I know, to preaeh patience when the heart is on fice, and the brain maddened by the sense of injury ; but precipitation would defeat our purpose. Ishmael has contrived to secure the protection of the Governor of Cheritz Khan." I "By bribery, of course," said Charles Vavas- j seur ; " that mau would sell his very soul for a handful of rubles." I " And make no bad bargain either," exclaimed Henri, " considering the damaged condition of the article. How did you obtain the informa- tion ?" "By the same means as the assassin his protec- tion," answered Julian ; " for if the governor is mercenary, his subordinates are even more corrupt. I possess the clue to fie intentions of Ishmael, and, at the very moment of his triumph, will defeat them." "But'how are we to obtain entrance to the town," demanded Charles Yavasseur, " without our presence being known. The gates are shut ?" " That, too, is arranged. The officer is bribed." By this time Jack Curling had joined them with the hound. It was settled amongst the speakers that the faithful fellow should remain outside the gate, in order to be ready with the sledge in case of their being discovered, and an immediate flight rendered necessary. The diffi- culty was to provide a place of concealment for bim, where he might remain for several hours without the risk of finding him on their return frozen to death. After some search a fissure was found in the wall of the town close to the gates, sufficiently large for Jack to squeeze himself into. It had been caused by the intense frost acting upon the mud, which served to bind the unhewn stones and timbers together, and was so near the gate and the solitary clump of trees we have de- scribed as to enable him to see everything that passed. "Be careful," sa'd our hero, who insisted ripon Jack's taking his own sheepskin cloak to assist in keeping him warm, " and on no ac- count remove your mask." " Never fear, Master Charley," replied the honest lad, " I have no wish to return to Har leyford without a nose." At the name of Harleyford his master sighed. "If you feel your limbs cramped- or numb- ness spreading over them-or inclined to sleep," be added, " quit your hiding-place, and run as fast as your legs will carry you to the sledge ; remember," he added, " that half the pleasure of my return to England-if ever I escape would be destroyed unless you accompanied me." i " Do'nt ee, Idaater Charley, do'nt ee speak so," replied Jack, at the same time raising his band, whioh, in its sheepskin glove, resembled the paw of a huge bear, to his eyes to brush aside a tear, " this be a bad country to cry in. They do say at home that salt water won't freeze; let 'em come to Boothia and try it." Having seen the speaker as comfortable as under the circumstances it was possible to make him, the four friends marched boldly towards the gate of the town ; on reaching which Julian Uttered a shrill whastle-the signal agreed upon between himself and the officer he had bribed. The small wicket at the side was opened, and ' Jack saw them disappear, with a secret fore- boding that many dangers would have to be en- countered before they met again. j "Well," he exclaimed, for since Charles ' * Vanneur bad reduced lum-unless on very particular occasions, like the present-to act the part of a mute, he had contracted the habit of talking to himself when alone ; " this be the strangest thing of all ! What would they say at home could they see me sconced like a rat in a hole, built up in a Rooshian wall. By the time I get back Nat won't have much the better of me. He may know the tricks of Lunnon better than I do, but not more of the world." It was enough that his master had told him thoy should return. How or when never troubled him. He placed implicit confidence in his word. The promise was the only thing which sustained him in the midst of the priva- tions which he daily endured. The poor fellow had been about half an hour in his not very comfortable position, when he beard a kind of scratching noise just over his head, while he in- stinctively drew into his hiding place, wondering what it could possibly mean. Presently a rope was let down, and a few minutes afterwards a man descended. The unknown passed so near him that he could have touched him. " It be no ghost at any rate," thought Jack, at the same time holding his breath ; " they don't require ropes to climb by." AB the mysterious personage reached the ground, he muttered something, which he thought sounded very much like an oath. In all probability he was not mistaken. The man looked oarefully round him as if to ascertain whether he was observed or not ; and satisfied to all appearance vith the scrutiny that such was not the case, walked leisurely towards the clump of trees. Jack, who had ample time to observe his features, recognised the assassin Ishmael, and bitterly regretted that he was unarmed, or that the hound had not been left with him. As the Israelite had a brace of pistols in his belt, the lad thought it most prudent to remain where he was, but if discovered he resolved to sell his life dearly. With some difficulty he contrived to draw the long clasp-knife from his pocket-the only weapon he possessed. Once or twice he fait strongly tempted to out the cord, which still dangled in front of his place of concealment. Ishmael meanwhile began to dig at the root of the third pine-tree; and having with much labour, for the ground was as hard as stone, succeeded in making a hole of a considerable depth, he drew from his belt a leathern bag, which he dropped into it, and immediately began replacing the earth and snow, and terminated his labour by drawing his wolfskin cap several times as lightly as possible over the latter, so as to pre- vent the appearance of its having been dis- turbed. " That be a cunning trick," muttered Jack ; " but I know one as cute. It beant always those who hide that find again." After this observation, which sufficiently in dicated his purpose, he carefully drew his head as far as possible into the hole, and held his breath, lest the murderer, whom he doubted not would return by the way be came, should per- ceive that his actions had been watched. Jack decidedly had far more presence of mind than when Sir Edward Challoner sent him to London to find out his young master. Not even his cousin Nat could have acted more prudently. "With that terrier-like patience for which he was distinguished, the lad remained for more tban an hour after the Jew had returned and drawn the rope np after him, in his place of concealment, scarcely venturing to breathe. At last he descended, and proceeded at once to as- certain what it was that the Jew had interred so carefully. By means of his clasp-knife, he quickly removed the earth, and drew forth the bag. It was filled with silver roubles. There must have been a thousand, at the very least. Doubtless they were Ishmael's share in the profits of the illicit trade which, with the assist- ance of the Bights, he had so long carried on. " No bad night's work," thought Jack, as he coolly placed the treasure in his girdle. " I dare say the rascal stole them. May be, they'll help Master Charley and I back to England again." The idea that there was anything wrong in appropriatiog them never entered his imagina- tion. He considered everything legitimate spoil which was taken from a Rooshian. It had been settled between him and his mas- ter that he should wait till daybreak for the return of the party, and in the event of their non- appearance, to return with the sledge to the Cossack station in the wood alone. Anxiously did the faithful fellow watch the break of morning. At every rustling of the wind he fancied that he heard the footstep of his master. In his anxiety for his safety he de- layed obeying the orders which had been given him j nor was it till the gates were opened by the guard that, with a heavy heart, he retraced his steps to the hut where he had ooncealed the vehicle. For the first time since his sojourn in Siberia, he felt how utterly dependent he was upon the intelligence of others to direct him. Whilst he is driving over the frozen snow the eight or ten versts between Cheritz Khan and the station, we will follow the friends in their search after Ishmael. No sooner had they entered the town than Julian, after paying the officer his stipulated bribe, took the lead, and was followed by his companions in silence ; even the hound appeared to comprehend that the adventure they were en- gaged in was a dangerous one, for he never once gave tongue, or attempted to stray from their side. The sagacity of the animal was only equalled by his docÛity and fidelity. After marching through the principal street, they turned to the small square in which the building appropriated to the use of traders, who at stated periods visited the district, was situated. As we before stated, it was a low, irregular edifice, intersected by long corridors and parti- tions, which divided it on either side into sepa- rate chambers. These partitions, which were of wood,.did not , extend quite to tho roof; on the oontrary, there was sufficient space to enable any one, provided he were sufficiently curious, and active enough, to climb them, to observe everything that passed i in the adjoining apartment. In order to enable our readers perfectly to comprehend the scene we are about to describe, it is necessary they should understand the *^oality. On entering the building, they found a rough looking Tartar, evidently, from the keys at his girdle, one of the officials of the plaoe, waiting to receive them. At the sight of the Pole, his flat, unmeaning countenance relaxed into a smile ; and his little dark eyes twinkled with avarice and cunning. Charles and Henri secretly wondered that their companion should plaoe any reliance on the fidelity of such a being. Every feature in his hideous face bore the impress of deceit, and the savage bat practised the lessons taught him daily by his more civilised masters. The Pole counted into his hand ten silver robies. Poor fellow, the profits of his success in hunting the sable and the wolf were nearly ex- hausted by the bribes be had been compelled to pay ; for in Russia it is the only key to success ; few difficulties that it will not solve. The Tartar appeared dissatisfied, and mut- tered something about his having promised him twenty. " When you have fulfilled your share of the agreement," answered the young man, " they shall be paid to the last copeck." "Do you doubt me?" said the man. Julian's only reply was to shrug his shoulders. His guide perfectly comprehended him, and taking up the lamp, which he had placed on the floor of the passage whilst receiving the money,, once more continued his match. He stopped at the end of the corridor which led to the most remote part of the build- ing, and unlocked the door of a chamber which was in utter darkness, and pointed to the party to enter. " Not a word," whispered the Pole to his com- panions; "the murderer is in the next room. Not a breath," he added, " till I give the signal." Charles and Henri intimated by a pressure of the hand that they understood him; while Alexis, to guard against accident-;, seized the hound by the collar with his right hand, and placed the left over his mouth to prevent his barking. With footsteps as noiseless as the approach of murder, they crept towards the partition which divided the two rooms, and placed their eyes to the interstices of the woodwork, which were sufficiently large to enable them to see what passed. The room was lit by an iron cresset which hung by a chain of the same metal from the ceiling. Directly under it stood a table, on which were a book, a long piece of faded bro- cade, and a cup of platina. Ishmael, with an air of impatience, was pacing up and down the floor with rapid strides, either to keep himself warm, or to while away the hour. At times he would pause and listen, mutter something to himself in a tone of disappointment, then re- sume his walk again. Poor Alexis could scarcely control his fury when he beheld the cowardly assassin of his only brother. Nothing but the promise he had made his friend, who seemed to have taken the direc- tion of the affair entirely in his own hands, re- strained him from bursting through the panels, which were low, and at once satisfying his thirst of vengeance. Julian, on the contrary, appeared calm as the pause which precedes the outbreak of the tempest. There was a terrible resolution in his deep-set, thoughtful eye, as he fixed it on the murderer, from whom, till the moment of action arrived, he never once removed it. " At last," murmured Ishmael, as a sound of approaching footsteps was heard in the corridor, " the moment of my triumph is at hand." With a emile of satitfaction, he unbarred the door of the chamber, in which everything, by the connivance of the governor, had been ar- ranged for his marriage, and where for the last three days he had remained concealed. Reuben Bight, followed by his two sons, who led Sarah between then), and the rabbi, entered the room. The expectant bridegroom carefully drew the heavy wooden bar after them. At the sight of her persecutor, the Hebrew maiden comprehended in an instant the purpose for which she had been brought to Cheritz Khan, and her courage rose with her danger. "Back!" she exclaimed, as the ruffian at- tempted to take her hand. " Living, I never will be yours. Father," she added, turning to the old man, and clasping his arm as if for pro- tection, " you have deceived me-dishonoured your grey hairs by a lie, an odious lie. What have I done that you should condemn me to a fate like this ? Spare me for the memory of her who bore me- the child who loved you." The ex-banker turned from her with an averted glance : his mind was made up for the sacrifice. " Minister of the Most High !" continued the maiden, addressing the rabbi, " will you prosti- tute your sacred office by a sacrilege ? I am an or- phan ; no parent to protect me. Be you that parent. Pity my agony-my despair; or, if the sentiments of human charity fail to touch your heart, think on His vengeance whose name you would profane." Isaac Baltar looked towards Ishmael, as if it were for him to reply to this impassioned ap- peal. " She is betrothed to me," said the Israelite. " Against my will," answered Sarah. " Never have my lips pronounced the words of assent to a contract which my soul abhors." " This is frenzy," continued the young man ; " the result of her monstrous love for a vile Nazarene, who has already corrupted her heart, shaken her faith in the religion of her fathers. Heed her not; unless you would see another daughter of our race fall from the faith of Israel." This was artfully put. The speaker well knew that by rousing the bigotry of the rabbi he would silence every other scruple in his breast. " It is false !" exclaimed the girl, "lama true daughter o? Israel." " Prove it," said Baltar, " by accepting the husband whom your family have chosen for you. Too often has the wolf desolated the fold of Judah. I will, if possible, save one victim from his fangs. Take her by the hand," he added, turning to Ishmael, and at the same time opening the book upon the table, " whilst in the name of the Most High I pronounce the words which knit the bond between you." Ishmael, sprang towards her, but, at the same instant, Sarah drew a long knife, which she wore concealed beneath her girdle. " A step," she said, " and you clasp a corpse. I would rather trust to the mercy of Him whose name you profase, than live the wife of a mur- derer. A step, and I render my soul to the Great Being who gave it !" I There was a degree of hesitation amongst the assistants at this extraordinary scene. The assassin alone appeared resolute. " What !" he muttered, in a sneering tone, "are the men of Israel to be terrified by a threat which she dares not exeoute ? Remem- ber your promise," he added, turning to Bight and his sons ; " or must the bond be broken be- tween us ?" One of Sarah's uncles, who had been standing somewhat behind the group, suddenly sprang forward, and wrested the weapon from the hand of his niece. " God of Israel !" she murmured, in a despair- ing tone, " protect me !" "You call in vain," exclaimed Ishmael, seiz- ing her by the arm, and attempting to drag her towards the table. " His ear is deaf to the cry of the apostate. Call on the god of the Naza- rene," he added, with a sneer, " or on your Christian minion." In a voice broken by agony, the maiden pro- nounced the name of the Pole. " Now push with all your strength," whis- pered Julian. Charles, Henri, and Alexis Troubetskoi placed their shoulders against the partition; it fell with a loud crash, and they sprang into the apart ment. The murderer-fiaw that his project was defeated, and, with a look of deadly bate, level- led the pistol, which he hastily drew from his girdle, at the heart of the woman whom he was about to outrage, and fired. His victim fell at his feet, deluged in blood ! Before he could draw a second weapon, the fangs of the hound were buried in his throat, and he lay struggling with him on the floor, which was slippery with his own blood, as well m that of Sarah. The report of the pistol had evidently alarmed the guardians of the place. Cries were heard, and the tramp of approaching footsteps. The countenance of Julian became almost snb lime as be placed his foot on the writhiDg form of the assassin, and discharged the contents of his rifle in his chest. All this passed so rapidly that neither Reuben Bight nor his sons had time or presence of mind sufficient to interfere. The act of justice was no sooner accomplished than the avenger turned coolly from the murderer, and knelt by the side of his expiring victim, who fervently pronounced his tiame. The next instant the apartment was filled wita the guard of Cossacks and the officials of the place, whose first care was to disengage Ishmael from the fangs of the hound. " There, there !" muttered the Hebrew, point- ing to the Pole, " there is my assassin !" He raised himself with difficulty on his elbow, and glared with a look of deadly hate on Julian. Henri, Charles, and Alexis were surrounded by the guard, and a message was despatched to inform the governor what had occurred. " Too late !" murmured Julian, bending ever the murdered girl. Sara looked up into his countenance, which bore the impress of grief and self- reproach, and a faint smile rested on her features. " It is nappiness," she replied, "to die with those we love so near us. I may confess it now ; you will not scorn me, hate me, for my weakness. For two years the hopeless passion absorbed my whole existence ; I lived as those who live without hope. From the hour you saved me from the brutal lust of my destroyer, you were my destiny. Forgive me," she added, in a trembling voice, fearing that she had offended him by the frank avowal ; " but I could not die with the secret on my heart." " Forgive !" repeated the Pole, pressing her to his bosom ; " do not wring me with a yet deeper agony. The love, Sarah, which you deem a crime, might have been a source of mutual happiness, had your faith been mine ; for it was returned fondly, truly, passionately." " You hear her," said Ishmael, whose wound was not immediately mortal, although it was impossible he could recover, for the bali had broken his spine. This was addressed to the Rabbi, who began to suspect that he had acted an unworthy part in the attempt to force the maiden to a marriage which her soul abhorred, when he heard the Nazareno, as he styled the noble-hearted Julian, confirm the assertion of the maiden that she had remained firm to the religion of her race. " Pray for me," she said, " that I may re- ceive a blessing out of Zion " " Dost thou die in the faith of thy fathers ?" he demanded. " I die as I have lived," replied the girl ; " a true daughter of Israel." Isaao Baltar raised his hands, and extended them over her. " Then do I bless thee," he exclaimed, in a voice broken by emotion, " in the name of the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob. When thou hast passed through the valley of the shadow of death, may the smile of thy mother welcome thee ; may her voice be heard as thou standest befere the throne of the Most High, Thanks, Lord, the child thou gavest is with thee." Sarah received his benediction with that pro- found sentiment of awe which early education had impressed upon her mind for the ministers of her faith. The allusion to her mother, whom she had so dearly loved, filled her heart with inexpressible pleasure, and half reconciled her to the thought of quitting a world whose path to her had been beset with trials. " Pray for me," she murmured. The Rabbi immediately commenced the prayers suited to the occasion. It was one of those low monotonous chants, whose sounds had doubtless often echoed during the captivity of Israel, when the oppressed Jews assembled on the borders of the river, to worship their God in secret. Before the last sigh fluttered on her lips, Sarah extended her hand to Reuben Bight, who stood like one suddenly stricken by some mighty calamity ; for, despite the influence which Ishmael exercised over him, the old man loved his grandchild. " Can you forgive me ?" he faltered. " As I hope to be forgiven," she replied, with a look of affection. Unconsciously she repeated the great lesson which the divine lips of the Saviour first taught the world. " We all need it," added the maiden ; "and I I would not quit the world with an unkind | thought towards any one. I pardon even my | murderer." I " Can such a soul be lost ?" thought Julian, I as he gazed upon her with admiration and sorrow. At that moment he felt that the dicta of priests-the dogmas of faith, are impotent to pronounce on the limits of salvation ; that Deity had never delegated its most awful attribute to human weakness. It was no longer the Chris- tian but the man that mourned. "There is a heaven for every creed," he whispered ; " we shall meet again." A glance of triumphant joy illuminated for an instant the features of the Hebrew girl; muoh that had been dark to her understanding in her own faith, became clear ; love dispersed the mists which shrouded the future ; her heart comprehended a heaven which promised to unite her eternally with those she loved. " I am happy !" she replied, " death bas loBt its terrors." It was evident that the poor girl was sinking fast ; as her eyes were closing, the Pole pressed his lips to hers. " The first and last kiss of love I shall ever know," he murmured in her ear. The drooping lids were raised again for an instant ; a look of unutterable affection thanked him, and the pure soul of Sarah took its flight, leaving a smile upon the still rosy portal, through whioh it winged its way to everlasting bliss. With silent reverence, her lover placed the body on the ground, and drew over her pale features the long veil, which hung from the back of her glossy tresses; then knelt and prayed long and fervently by the side of the corpse. Henri and our hero, who had been silent spectators of the scene, were about to remind him that it was time they should consult their safety by retreat, when the door of the apart- ment opened, and the governor of Cheritz Khan made his appearance, attended by several of his Cossack guard, and several officers. " So !" he exclaimed ; " murder has been committed j where ÍB the culprit ?" Julian rose from his knees. " Say, rather an act of justice," replied the Pole firmly ; " the man who fell by my hand was the assassin of Oscar Troubetskoi. Not content with shedding the blood of that innocent youth, he added a second deed of blood to his dark catalogue of crime, as Reuben Bight, this Rabbi, and all present can witness." " And who made you his judge ?" demanded the functionary, sharply. " God!" said the Pole, ina solemn voice, "to whom all must answer for their deeds." The great man declared that it must also be answered to him, and gave instant orders not only for Julian's arrest, but his three com- panions, and then commanded all present to quit the room. He had not received his bribe, and Ishmael evidently had not long to live. Resistance was useless ; and the four friends were led by the guard from the scene of death to the prison of the city. 