News and Notes [BY A SYDNEY MAN ] FRIDAY, January 29. THE City of Brisbane sloped at noon on Wednesday, and though there was timely notice of the unusual hour, I was not able to avail myself of it. There had, however, been nothing of great importance since the Lady Young left here on the previous Saturday or , Sunday, with the exception of the usual emptying-out of the town on Tuesday, in honor | ' of the day when a lot of poor, miserable, broken-spirited devils came round from Botany- I . bay to Sydney Cove, and encamped among the ; trees, on which some of them were soon . 1 afterwards "justified," as they say in Scot land. That was eighty-one years ago— I suppose you need no ghost — not < ' •yen Parkes'—come from the grave to tell you i ! that, 'my lord. Talking of the ghost—a jest { which most people here, I suspect, are heartily ' sick of, but concerning which I am inclined to ' ' think that we shall hear a great deal more be fore bng—the Committee of the Legislative j Council on the conspiracy question have con cluded their inquiries so" well as they could, ' j considering that Mr. Martin would not attend ' to give evidence. This week's Sydney Punch j has a good half cartoon on this subject. It,' 1 represents Mr. Macleay as a policeman, tapping ; 1 Martin—a member of the "dangerous class" , apparently—on the shoulder, with " Now then, ! come along—the Select Committee's waiting for I your evidence." To which Martin responds: i ' " Are they ? Then they'll have to wait. ' ! Do you s'pose a chap's going to split ] on his pals." It is not bad. At all . events Martin's refusal to attend looks strange, ! especially as he, on his own responsibility, ' drafted the extreme clauses of the Treason ' Felony Act, and declared them to be necessary. ' j The select committee were summoned for this : day, to consider the draft report; and it has i ( been said—for these things will ooze out —that the report as drafted is dead against Parkes, declaring the positive belief of the committee 1 that no conspiracy of the kind alleged had ever existed here, and in fact, without venturing beyond this limit of their inquiry, giving aI i pretty broad hint that Mr. Parkes is the only person who knows anything at all about | it, and that little is all imagination and inven- < tion. My own opinion I have long since stated. It is that Mr. Parkes was himself deceived at ' | first. We were all Btartled, excited, enraged— j anything but alarmed, but certainly furious, t What I think that Parkes will ever be blame- I - able for is for keeping up bis raw- head and- f'. bloody-bones story long after he must have been fully convinced of its fallacy. However, if the draft report to be considered by the committee ; , t»-day bears anything like the character ascribed j , to it—and upon that fact I think your ' readers may rely—there will be a row amongst the committee before ever they attempt to report to the Assembly; for \ the committee members are of all sorts and 1 sizes of opinion in reference to this subject, and those opinions, again, will be guided more , by party feelings than anything else. If the , report is sent vp —or when it is, whatever its purport may be—there will surely be what is ' commonly called " a row in the House." I \ Perhaps it is desirable to have something fresh i , to quarrel about, for after all the squabbles of ' the last few weeks, the Assembly seemed likely last night to behave like civilised beings. ' They passed the bill granting a month's ' supply, and sent it to the Upper House; , they finished the Supplementary Estimates, ( and they voted several items on the Estimates-in- Chief for 1869. Finally the com mittee turned rusty at a proposed advance of £100 in the salary of second Titles Valuator, in the Registrar-General's office, and the House . adjourned, having previously postponed the ( vote for Police Magistrates add Clerks of Petty , Sessions in country districts. The cause of this . comparative amiability was the result of the previous night's debate, when Martin's vote of . censure on the Government, for the Berney and ■ Jones-cttm-Duncaa business was negatived by 27 to 21. The debate commenced and ended on the same day, and, whether it waa the last card of the Opposition this session or not, they seemed for the present to be satisfied. What can be said of that debate of Wednes day evening and night ? For the most part it was a repetition of all that had gone before. The principal new points were two only—one, the firm maintenance by Mr. Forster of the principle that no public servant has any per sonal claim whatever upon the public, incon sistently with public convenience. Ibis point, and the other matters in connection with the argument, Forßter maintained with great spirit and logical clearness. He seemed to be, for once in a dozen times, in good fighting order. Mr. Robertson had not arrived from the Hunter- (he arrived later in the evening), where, with Mr. Sutherland, he had been making an official visit, and receiv ing a great oration ; bo Mr. Forster, finding himself in the position of chef de bureau, buckled himself to the task of answering the Opposition leader, Mr. Martin, and did it well. The other new point was the unmea sured abuse of the Governor. The censure motion was indirectly aimed at His Excel lency as well as at his Ministers, for it spoke of the action taken in the Berney case—and of course approved by the Governor —a3 being " prejudicial to the honor of the Crown." The fact is that the ex-Ministers and their friends have what is colonially termed a " down on Lord Belmore," because he refused Martin a dissolution; and this is not because the Earl constitutionally disagreed with the advice given, for their purpose would have been partly served if they could have forced even the pre sent Ministry to a dissolution at once. This is one of the secrets of the many cen sure motions brought on from time to time. If a dissolution could have been secured before the Parkes' mysteries had been thoroughly exploded, and while they were still smouldering, he and his party could have gone to the couatry in the smoke, and British indignation and loyal feeling would perhaps have backed them up. It is now too late for this, and I suppose there is hardly a man in the colony who believes a single word of the "plot" story. Not, as I have before said, that we could not perhaps muster a very good Fenian contingent if required, and drawn out by the proper parties. I have heard enough sympathetic talk to convince me of that. But as to organisation and particularly for the murder of the Prince, there was nothing of the kind. Now Lord Belmore's refusal of a dissolution to Martin was the cause of this " little game" being laid bare and of course the authors and eoncoctors are corres pondingly enraged. I have just heard that the Conspiracy Com mittee met to-day as appointed, and that, oc the motion of Mr. Parkes, who is a member, the consideration of the draft-report was post poned till Tuesday next. I have heard on pretty good authority that Mr. Parkes, in his evidence before the committee (of which he is a member) contradicted, positively and repeatedly, the evidence of Mr. M'Lerie that he (Mr. Parkes) had ordered M'Lerie to send in the report about the existence of Fenian plots after he (Mr. Parkes) had publicly averred their existence. The conclusions of the committee, I am again informed, are most damaging to Parkes ; but of course there will be a hard fight over the report. The Yass Courier states that lately there was a novel sight in Yass. A female child, aged two years and four months, the daughter of King Andy of the Burrowa abori gines, was interred in the Roman Catholic burial ground. The deceased was one of twins, and had been ailing for some time past, kindly prescribed for by Dr. O'Connor. She died on Monday, and a coffin, with all the etceteras of ordinary funerals, was supplied. Deceased has been baptised in the Roman Catholic Church, as well as her parents and the rest of the dark family. The coffin was carried on horseback by an aboriginal, then followed the parents of the child, and in marshalled order the rest of the sons and daughters, all very young. The cortege was closed up by five or six of the in habitants of the town and neighborhood who have known Andy for a long series of years. 