"LEAVES FROM AUSTRALIAN FORESTS."* The Australian poet is not a man to be envied. He resembles Cassandra; he speaks, but few listen; and his words, be they ever so beautiful, ever so full of truth and radiant with the Pro- methean fire of intellect, fall upon hard hearts and deaf ears; the taste for the poetical has not grown, and people are so unsettled that they have little time to devote to the beauties of a songster. Like a man intent upon business, who is in too much of a hurry to listen to the divine warbling of the nightingale filling the wood with melody, they hurry onwards, leaving the glorious music unheeded. English literature, has too strong a hold to be displaced by the Australian poet or writer. "The London Journal" is more read than the divinest effusions of genius, and the wool report, or stock and share list, form to the great number the most acceptable reading in the whole realm of literature. Such a state of things has caused "many a gem of purest ray serene" to hide its light from a cold world, and in many places in this and the sister colonies many a poetical flower of beautiful and rare gifts dispenses its fragrance on a desert air. Added to this unappreciativeness of the Australian public, the peculiar temperament of the children of song, which craves so much for admiration, love, and sympathy, makes the existence of a poet in the Southern Hemisphere one of daily trial, blighted hopes, and bitter disappointment, a life filled with Dead Sea apples and deceitful mirage. Henry Kendall, the author of the work before us, which is a collection of his best pieces, is one of the Australian poets who with the dead Charles Harper filled the highest niches of fame for poetry, and now that poor Harpur after a harrowing and disappointed existence has passed into the dim land where "the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest," Kendall stands on the topmost pillar of truly Australian poets, — for among such we cannot exactly regard Jean Ingelow, one of the most successful of the devotees of the Muse, whose compositions are more cosmopolitan, and hence ttieir great success. Kendall's style is peculiar ; it has a dash of the philosophy of the Bard of Rydal Mount; a touch of the rhyme and rhythm of Coleridge; something of Tennyson's word torturing and imagery ; but above all a pecu liarity of hia own, something akin to that of the author of "Orion''-soma of his poems having a striking resemblance to Home's style -which, however, is in many ways decidedly Homeric. The versification is generally melo dious and often possesses a wild flow and grandeur, although the adjectives are sometimes 13 redundant, and tbe imagery so "piled on" that the sense becomes confused and there is an unpleasing obscurity. Not seldom, too, there is a weakness in some of the lines which should be strongest. For instance, in his introduction to tliii work: " I purposed onca to take my pen and writo, Not song*, like some tormented and awry With passion, but a cunning harmony ! " And in the following beautiful passage, which is an excellent sample of his ringing versification, alliteration, peculiar idioms and sparkling imagery, the weakness of the last line mars in a slight degree the effect " Grey winter lias gone like a wearisome guest, And behold for ropayment, September cornea in with the wind of tho west, And the spring in her raiment. The ways of tho frost haro been filled of tho ftoweri, While the forest discovers Wild wings, with the halo of hyaline hours And a music of lovers." This stanza is an excellent specimen of his beauties and defects. The following extract from "Daphne'' shows how well he can manage the long measure "She, when followed from the forelands by tho lord of lyre and lute, Sped towards far-sinning waters, past deep gardens flushed with fruit, Took tho path against Peneus, panted by its yollow banks, Turned and looked and flow the faster through grey tufted thicket ranks, Flashed amongst high flowered sedges, leaped across the brook and ran Down whnre tho fourfold shadows of a nether glado began; There she dropped like falling Ilesper, heavy hair of rad'ant head Hiding all tho young abundance of her beauty's white and red. Sometimes, too, the poet borrows from other bards, but for this he offers as good an apology as we have ever read : " I would not do the lordly masters wrong By filching fair words from the shining throng, Whose music haunts mc na tho wind a tree. Lo ! when a stranger in soft Syrian glooms, Shot through with sunset, treads the cedar dells And hears the breezy ring- of elfin bflls Far flown by where th» white haired cataract boomi, Il», faint wilh sweetness caught !rt>m forest smells, Bc:irs thnnce, unwitting, plunder of perinmes." We could quote many such beautiful extracts, for on the whole Kendall's poetry is of rare beauty, Imt we wish every reader to buy tho book for himself, and thereby participate iu a great plfH'nre, and show that poetry of the highest order can be appreciated in the colony, for Ken dall's muse is no ordinary one, but as he says ? bimnelf: 1 " Of words and muiio caught from glen and htight, ; Ami lucid colors born of woodland light, / An-i shining places where tho seas roams lie." We shall finish our notice of Mr Kendall's .edusiDiis by quoting the following extracts : "Have faith in God. For whosoever lists lf> calm conTiction in these days of strife, Will learn that in this stedfast stand exists 'J he scholarship sovero of human lifo. Tins fact; to faco with Doubt! I know how strong His thews must bo who fights, and falls, and boars, By aleepleas nights, and vigils lone and long, And many a woeful wraith of wrestling prayers. f let truit in Him, not in an old man throned With thunders on an everlasting cloud, uui in that awful Entity, enzoned By no wild vrratbs nor bitter homage loud. ***** A hcaj> of low, dark rocky coast, Unknown to foot or feather, A Sea Voice moaning like a ghost, And fits of fiery weather The flying Syrinx turnod and sped liy dim, mysterious hollows; Wlnre night is black and day is red, Anil frost the firo wind follows. * * » . At rest! and Bho who sits and waits behind » m tho shadows; but her faith is sur». And one fine promise of the coming days h breaking, like a bUssed morning, far " *"lls " that slope through darkness up to God." * " Leaves from Australian Forests," by Honry Atadall. George Robertson, Melbourne, 1869. {I . Notice ig given in the Government . Gazette thnt E inc- partnership hitherto existing between William H bray Ilaillie and James Stewart Butters, trading g '! " llaillie and Butters," was on the 8th Septem dissolved by mutual consent. The business |*ill m future be carried on by Mr Butters. I t "E ^E0P8 ABOUND Ktnbton.-In every part "le Kynetori district, says the Guardian, the i; looks remarkably well and give promise of a S; .0,t abundant harvest. Tho splendid rain which £ « fallen during the past three days has removed ;5, "pprehension which were felt on account of the jO'oucht. Around Woodcnd, and in the r 'nS districts of Newham and Rochford, g.t e, 'armers assure us that the crops have not |'i,, "° \ve" during the past ten or twelve year?, iWo believe that the same remark will apply to ;*. lcr r,ortiona of the district. Here and there, it -bv 't}6' " VCr^ eftr'y sown crop appears affected '.itt il cont'nued dry weather, hut even ca,es 'be ra'n has not come too late tig. "0rue service. The change of weather is '"?M ? 'mye quite as beneficial influence upon ' sltfV'Y lcr ro°t crops as upon grain ; and, ^le "Rficultural prospects of the yet must be regarded as most encouraging. pi,,l -**"?is to have a bigger musical Wtl'1 "'a" '.®"ston bas bad. It is proposed to i'Lv'r ',Up "1C centfc"uia' anniversary of the 4th r ''ln declaration of independence on the ''.I M i'i- by a gigantic musical festival, '"K 'peci'illy erected in Fairmount-park, :'4'nnr." "f a<>-»'»imodatiii;/ 100,000 spectators and f4'000 I>"forti)er8, . 