LAYING- THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH KADINA. The Chapel in which the Congregationalists at Kadina hare worshipped for some time past has been insufficient for their requirements, but, until lately, it was' not considered expedient to com mence the erection of a new one. Tiie work, how ever, was quietly going on, and the debt on thr> manse being wiped off at the commencement of the present financial year, the members of the , church felt themselves free to combine tlieir labors towards the erection of a larger and more commodious building in which to worship. With this aim, a block of land was purchased in the square where stands the old chapel and Mr Alexander Hay, M.P., a stanch friend of the cause, was invited to lay tlie foundation stone on Monday, the 30th ult. The proposed church' is to be 52 feet 9 inches in length inside, and 30 feet wide ; the walls will be 21 feet high, and the roofing will be of galvanised iron. The front will look towards the South; and at this end there will be an entrance door on either side, surmounted by a large centre window the quoins of which will be of brick, and the margin stained glass. On eacli side will be four windows, and it is con templated that the building will be completed by the first of January, 1870. Mr John Gaskell is the architect,*and the contract for the shell of the building has been taken by Mr Joseph Nottle for £570. Monday, the day appointed for the ceremonial, promised in the morning to be stormy, and strong gusts of wind from the S.W. swept across the square, occasionally bringing clouds of dust. The shops in the township were all closed, and precisely at three o'clock the Rev. W. Wilson with Mr Hay, Mr Tarleton, the Revs. A. Michie, T. Ralston, Scales, McCormack, Lloyd, and other friends assembled around the stone. A company soon gathered, and probably not less than 200 persons witnessed the event. A hymn was first sung, after which a selection of passages from scripture was read by Mr Wilson, and prayer, offered up by Mr McCormack. A verse of hymn was then sung, when a document/ (the text of which we give,) a copy of the Wallaroo Times, the Register, and Advertiser, and some coins of the realm, all in a bottle, were deposited in" a cavity in a nether stone, and the foundation stone, a block weighing about 11 cwt. fitom Boor's Plains, was duly lowered into its appointed place by Mr Hay. The following was inscribed on the document of which an elegantly and artistically engrossed copy was presented to Mr Hay:- " This document is deposited under the corner stone of a new edifice to be erected for the use of Jhe Congregational Church in this town, and to be called the Kadina Congregational Church, <» the praise and ;i honor o£ Jesus Christ his only begotten Son, to whom be glory; and honor for ever and ever. The stone is ^ laid by Alexander Hay, Esq., M.P.; the Rev. A. Michie, Presbyterian Minister, giving the ^dr6sB, : and the Rev. Thomas Raston, Wesleyau Superin tendent,offering the dedicatory prayer, in the 33rd ear of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen -Victoria, the 23rd year from the founda tion of the colony, and in the first year of the Governorship of Sir James Fergusson, Baronet, on this 30th day of August, -1869, the Rev. William Wilson being pastor, Mr T. H. Hall Secretary and Treasurer, and Messrs G. N. Birks, and G. H. Lewis, financial committee ; the com mittee for superintending the erection of thia building consists of Messrs T. Abbott, G. N. Birks, R. Burden, D. Brown, C. Furniss, T. H. Hall, and A. Scott. The, Church order and.diBci- . plinine, being Congregational or' Independent, according to the declaration of faith, Church order and Discipline, set forth by the Congrega tional Union of England and Wales," A.D. 1833. ' Arise, build ye the sanctuary of the Lord your God; other foundation can no man lay than that is laid which is Jesus Christ j Let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us, and establish thou the work of our hands upon us, yea, the work of our hands establish thou it.' "Architect - Mr John Gaskell. "Builder - Mr Joseph Nottle." Mr Hay then declared the stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the "Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, after which he mounted it and said that it was a great pleasure to him to lay the foundation stone of a new place of worship at Kadina. It was a great honor, a pleasant privi lege, and from first receiving the invitation he had intended to accept it. To leave Adelaide at the present time had not been exactly convenient, but he could not forego the opportunity pre sented. There were evidences around that many foundation stones had been laid in the township, business sites, comfortable private dwellings, and if thesewere fine buildings, why should not the house of God be equally so? The country had formerly been inhabited by aborigines who had left but few traces behind them. Europeans came, and straightway there arose structures marking the progress of civilization. Ten years ago he had visited the Peninsula, and^hen the sur veyors were busy pegging out the township. When he now looked round him he hoped that the business premises had flourishing trades con nected with them, and also that the temple^ dedi cated to worship would be filled to overflowing. Once the squatter had tenanted the land around them, but he believed it was better there should be the agriculturist and the miner. But they must not forget, who it was wJio caused the deposits of copper. These were the work of the author and giver of every good and perfect gift. His beneficence had caused them to assemble together; these houses and buildings to be raised. This house was intended for them to worship Him in, according to the dictates of their con science. Toler.-'ion was not a thing known in South Australia, but we read in history of people being not permitted to worship. Look at the change that had taken place in Spain. Lately in cleaiing away a square they found ashes, the remnants of inquisition fires, monuments to intolerance. There was, he hoped, no bigotay around him, none of that feeling which said it was right, and all around wrong. He hoped that whether Independents, Wesleyans, Presbyterians, or Roman Catholics, as long ae consistent in their walk, each would worship God in his own fashion. He hoped a chain of love would bind all persua sions, as he believed it did at Xadina, for he saw all denominations were to be represented on the platform that evening. Might the place they were met to erect be a Christian lighthouse in the centre of the town, guiding all to Christ. The Rev. A. Michie was then called upon to give the dedicatory address. He was glad to. meet on that occasion with those who loved the truth. The laying of a foundation stone was always considered by the ancients and by us to be a matter for rejoicing. He believed the friends who were to worship in the house, the first stone of which had been laid that day, would rather be called Christians than Congregationalists. Con nected with the religion of Christ there were two structures, the outside, and the inside or living structure. The foundation stone of one'was laid by the hands of men, that of the other not with human hands, but by an -Almighty architect, who would polish and dress many stones for himself, lie hoped that in this building many hearts of stone would be turned into hearts of flesh. The outc structure would yield to natural decay, and this could not be regretted, but the inner one would live for ever and still hold its own. Around was hallowed ground, hallowed by God himself where a portion of his great family would meet to worship. When the great day for ac count came, might it be found that there many souls had been brought to God. The Rev. Mr Raston then offered the dedica tory prayer, after which a hymn was Bung and the collection made. After three cheers had been given fpr the Queen, and three for Mr Hay, the meeting dis persed, most persons making their way towards the schoolroom of Mr Gaskell, at which a capital tea had been provided by the ladie9 and friends of the congregation. The seats at the tables were several times filled and emptied, and then pre paration was made for the evening meet ing. 