VISITATION OF THE CATHOLIC BISHOP. . His Lordship the Eight Rev. Dr. Shiel arrived in Gawler on Saturday Jant. He celebrated the Holy Sacri6ce of Mass on Sunday morning at 8 o'clock, assisted by the Very Eev. C. A. Reynolds. Im mediately after second Mass (which was celebrated by Father Beynolds) His Lordship ascended the altar vested in full canonicals, crowned with his nritro, and carrying bis pastoral staff— emblems' of ecclesiastical jurisdiction. He ad dressed those who were about to 'receive the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation raking lor bis text Acts ii. 1-U. He fully explained tho nature of the Sacra ment, and the gifts and graces bestowed on such as worthily received it. He also welt at considerable length on tbe duties and obligations of parenje, es pecially in the all-important matter of procuring a sound Catholic flducation for their children, and exhorted those who were about to be confirmed to continue to attend to their Catechism. His Lordship then administered Confirmation to 137 persons, amongst whom were several converts to the Catholic Faith. He again ascended the altar, and exhorted the confirmed to be faithful to the seven gifts which ho had conferred on them, and to fight with fortitude, as faithful soldiers of Christ against the snfeers and insults of a wicked world, the temptations of the devil, and human frailty. He took occaiion of impressing on the con gregation the urgent necessity of co operating with their revered and worthy pastor, in erecting a church suitable.to accommodate this important mission, and he hoped to Ie.rn before his return that they had erected a commodious edifice to the honor and glory of God. Their excellent pastor was very anxious to build a larger church, and he had no donbt that, with their co-operation, and the blessing of God crowning all, his efforts would be crowned with success, and .his anxiety alleviated. It afforded him much gratification to witness the truly Catholic spirit of the congregation, as instanced in tbe number who had on that morning approached to Holy Com munion. In the afternoon His Lordship visited the school and examined some of the classes, after which Father Reynolds introduced to him the members of the Christian Doctrine Confraternity, who presented him with an address. The address was read by the Secretary as follows : — To tee Right Eev. Lawbettce BoTTAYENTUttE SHIEL, LOED BlSHOP OF Adelaide — We, the Members of the S.S. Peter and Paul's Christian Doctrine Confraternity, Gawler, beg to offer vour Lordship our filial congratulations for the tender solicitude you hare displayed in becoming our Patron, and in again visit ing our church prior to your departure for the Eternal City — the centre of Unity. Under the auspices of our worthy and respected pastor, our object has been to impart cathecetical instruc tion to the school children, in order to prepare them for the reception of the Sacraments. We look back with pleasure to our Confirmation in the Faith of our fathers, and wo gladly engage in pre paring the children of our adopted land for tbe reception of so necessary a Sacrament. In these days, when in fidelity, heresy, and all such machinations of the arch-fiend, combine to hinder the inevitable progress throughout all nations of our Holy Faith, we rejoice to learn that tho Supreme Pontiff has convoked (after the manner adopted by St. Peter in the Council of Jerusalem) a general assembly of the Princes of the Church. Being aware of your Lordship's iniended visit to 'Botne to ioin the (Ecumenical Council, we take this opportunity of expressing our earnest wish that your Lordship will have a safe voyage, and that you and Hie other Australian prelates will return safely. In the meantime we shall beseech the Holy Ghost by fervent prayers to bless the labours of the Fathers assembled in the (Ecumenical Council. We shall particularly pray for the welfare of the Church in Australia, and shall endeavor to show forth by our actions whose disciples we are, and shall exert ourselves in impartins to the succeeding generation the Faith of our Fathers. Faith of our Fathers, Holy Faith, we wui be true to thee till death. Signed on behalf of the Confraternity ? James Mahont, Joseph J. H Eyatt. Lawrence Puhcell, Vice- President. James C^maghan, Hon. Secretary. The address was beautifully executed on vellum parchment by Mr. Culley of Adelaide, and was illuminated. It was also decorated with shamrock, rose, and vine leaves entwined as a border, and bore the arms of the Confraternity, the arms of the Diocese, the Bishop's arms, and the monogram of the Blessed Virgin. His Lordship suitably returned thanks for the interest shown in his welfare, and passed a high enconium on the members for their zeal, remarking that thou&ih; there were several Societiesin the Church, yet none of them were more important than the Christian Doctrine Society, next to the sacred ministry. In the evening His' Lordship ascended the pulpit and preached an eloquent and impresive sermon irom lvinn;. ix. i-8. He com mented on the dispositions people bring with them to hear the word of God, and attributed the little effect it had on some people to the curiosity which at tracted them to hear it. If people came with the proper dispositions, it could not foil to have effect, and then there would be one fold and one shepherd. He elucidated the meaning of this text of Scripture with reference to the Sacrament of Penance, which was exercised by Christ (as man) in the case mentioned . in tbe Gospel of the man sick of the palsy. He alluded to the baneful effects of bowing to human lespect when it hindered or impeded the law of G-od ; and said that many were eternally lost because they obeyed the dictates of man in opposition to the commandments, of God. His Lordship then gave Benediction, and the people dispersed, the choir singing ' Failh of Our Fathers.'' We understand His Lordship drove out to Barossa Diggings on Monday, accompanied by Father Eeynolds, and returned to Adelaide in the evening. 