TABLE TA.i&. Stro~-s?as OrPI. C?Plj?.-.-This copP.yr otenmd on Thusdiay night, 14Th in, in Macs As.emtbly Blom to an zandiinoe, fair, but out at all comntaniuraie with the fiost cdas caracte of the euter tatfi?tn. Madame Simoun a is a bost inu LeIf and it is a qoestiun whether any vislsnist asipaur to Mr Siunoen, has ever rimited A tria He is a cumplete mas tý of the inrtet, and the rapidity and brilliancy of his itomrumentatiun and q .dity vf the muansic "ta be seenanud hestd totbe properly catpe e .Tears ce :be cloys anplsciflon Wast have been _tta in a sleg such wonderful prufi .. "- Te pug,?amme frr the evening usi?. ctiesair zd vaied ; and opened r; a _4, on the tlan bIv Mr Hfare.,nr iLeutfsy. .li ty I the besa in the air," e-sr by ni SisanoseI, and in a voice se Er? andcanestas toplace ber at oace ins wa, thhi e- ? at de ciOt? who cheered the fur eazs'ztc to the ec:to. Miss Surdt and Mr 3,ale f?losrid in a duet from the tird aut of iIazitaa ver.y ell received, and the MrS Si ?se gave "VarittiuUt se Ths fro the "Daughter of the a. s-? r, and in soch a style as to carry S'-=as e i were by str. N, per soa can f;fly estimaa the wonderful ex prea nma the ,?asc in a viulin till the" hve brerad inch masters as Sanosisen, a- Mia araser,o Hear.e Thefrst feeling of de lThutd sarpie was iuteusnified by all Air Smousen' asbsequent effur s; the tiemsto brance of Germany were delibtfol, but the "Life on the- Ocean. Fanutasia on Eunr_?l and Irish Airs~, is what came home to the bart of all preset. Under the manipulation of Mr Simousen, "Home Sweet Home" becomes as, old friend with a new face and so of all the familiar airs which follovwe. LMadame Simoisen ap peared to great advantage in the grad opera of "Norma," and seemed equally at home in the ruloble Selina Sly, and the comic duet of " Very Suspicious" in which she took pert with Mr Motile. On the second evening the attendance was much better than the first and the entertainment equally satisfactory. On Saturday night in the concloding eutertainment the house was not so good as on Friday, ,.bnt the entertainment was such as tu elicit the r.s,...ar iA tJ.. ;i , the audie-'. Madame diuunsen in thesMlad Scene in the opera of t "Lucia De Lammermuuor" was partielarrly impressivre, and it is nut too reach to say that it is many years since such disiiu guished article honored Purtlsud with their presence. Aciowr To ritas Rae Ror.-About l1 I p.m. on Saturday night lasrt, the Rob Itoy, steamer, on her passage from. Bc.,Slt to Portland when inside the Julia P'ercy Ian.l, broadside on to a southerly sea, ruled so heavily that the loit the starboard lfe-bouat, which with the stern posts driven in and filled with water had to be cut away. Fortu sltely no other damage was sistained. It i probable the boat witl oars and gear will be picked up on the Narriwong coast. TUe l'tstaoi.-OuTurs ai), t14: ;, the lung, ,romnis-d.G ,e*rnm tnt -teamsr Pir?,, unde ncot,lslnls of Llsut-nllat Stanley, c.;t asichur in ousr h?y wit the lut Mlin of cunrl-l-iug thie sorter of this part st the tl-t line, ut alnne fr the general pnr uose of u,.igali .n, ,it nmore Ipsticularly that tSe, data obtains-d m.y be u-edl in conneszion with It- con.true tion ut a brakslater by prison labur. On Priday station flags are erected at hlackeoae Point, the North illjf, ?u5i utt,.r plters on th- coasult line, and te otik of the Sir try c.uminnol, and witich will Iri p bably tak- a mnsioth ,r ,it we-ks to esmlslrt-. The crew anl otfiori in the Piarul nu-olser about 30 all told, and ionder 1a?,,rlble circt n~taner- three hots tully ualin-d, can be eollo)'ul on ti-e work -i 1i.e surver, wLilht a a.uiicie ,t iuSu.sr is left to tak- charge of the stesmne-. Tue work oI surte) ?I as rule cnit,.n"es atlte breakt. lale, ilte dinuer i, alried in I.,e haLts, and tihe dulisreit Iarties?o rlur, on b.-anl absut 5 1I.Is. O Satur.lay tile day was su ' cl.u I) tiat obiervatiun ?,ulI n-t be taken, tsence tle'worik bis been partially ilit-rrulltesJL C1cltr.--At a Conittesi I.?lein ol'ltle Portland Cricket Cl-b, hell at rile L-,nids lintel, on Friday Lite. 15th Oct., at 8 o'el ck Is.ue. Mr U. 31. Trangsiar, PreliJdsnuin tIe chair. Pr eat" MeJLsrs E. Atkinson. Vice;. i're-ldeut, P. i. Ilains., ;Jou?rs, I'.J. Fun, J. HI. W. Uwell, and W. P. Audsnun, Seec. tary. Ilrsulied thai fleIeopaluing iaich ol t,r oeasuu be ,lc)ed o, ithe 9t uNov., Prisie- ot Ile.' Bisrtlhday. Mlarried aiaiUet aisgl . Wiekets t be pitceed at t n .uo'el..c . I'ur lullutiug members were cf.u-el-MarruedJ: -Il:.srs E. Atki.uon, G. Casagtll, L. F. lit?seiit, C. !L T'r.ugsiar, Deuy, i'. Hoiri. gets,P. Ut ser, T. I ilnitt. 1. Ksiller, g. J.r?,It Iiickrlt",,n J. Keefpins, 1YseladGRea-il:-P. iV. Halte," es-at .,is 0. Blocas--Sirg.gi-:-P. Ii. tllsire., UurenI, ' Finn, W P. Anderrs. S. Alnr ir.ln J. W. Wsallu', P. CIas, G. lrllhb, J. l.au-. uit J. T Fiti, A. Canerun, S. Drew, T. Suiut, aid I.. iHenlt, jonr. Ilesulted tlb, alhlretie slpurt. bs- 11i .- on tile cricket grun.d Ion the S01s Nut, ?utlar, ?t Asndre+sDa i a, relnrt uf thichh will apIpear in a luture iuae.-- s-rriri. *lisi. iii h tes-tg t.esl cIuetd. Iltntsl.--hlis Steles-rn oals s-r lot ri, Iss-irsglIst " riiillsl.solgnlisl Isi six su-I,r ins- .l[ iTsu .. .i'Ks-lurul t trulhsklar , isu.t t? s, - e As:. cliilsnti..ti .ii t l?cets, ., -i Itor~e. Us, iIsis i,,g it ee isUUisI tllstlltssItu leia rre iris in alt hisuois,° bat a eo.rs-ssrry ha ustlsu t~t so, tlied ci, Ihnl a-ssgs,, eilsstlrstly Itru-i, wollt n room itie cusanlrlisirlssit li a itullh tile loiurtunatti ailelslosi ull a5 , J. (sis Fridaj, tile SfirIt~ arle fsurwnrslod b' toatIs to tisls le-rietinattoI is, er-,r it te Is-she Leousid tabe Srtitted aslely. IlX .-r.ds r the beadine "A Pa, is the CsBict,' sane zrlIat advice i Fires to Mr MiCu-·.eb is this 01 , iesabla. to the ,ff ci tet.1t a "U a'tly i asolictr " . tie tree poli cy, ",mudsJS' sa) is?iediaze attempt to ra a the -baala r)w - pt.itri TLee cetan ,be .bt Ihb t it the time b.iag Mr ispbr.-ne i. tbh- tler of ta sital.?u-?, mu,.sre, t.e dCdenatnne a) in whichb it p..-i.a wa. stain-J. .il erery t ,eaoo o b tiadh i be Iprrjlist, ill admit that ie bleor .Lici pra.nled Mr Mflaocb sad thit Miao.-ry wanu ostrtry to all the rue? cl tire ltiil aI n,-, bet atj .t tempt to rtaliate i. the same wr roold o.ly rodone the Cr?CICter o ti- late Clief to lbr litl t the li resat.L ?e fully cuarit the opinion ezartcn i by llawlea, talt "Ar M'C.locLS'. ute lise aof eis nder axiti?i? cooditiom, i, to ha-bsad hi- oeraib tutil the eppertaity appean, Ctain to coma, blor tong, let I is then bra-h tie h.ir f?en hi eTye,, "u atlr*" I.r a ts.a n atad be rra4i to "1.it lis i right" earls 't Year. -L c€rto-n lort .e seek is resrktb:y goad. rerarsutiag Mr M.cs on siA. bti ltoiterial b.ckrr, in the trite ring, w .eaer lully etut rlnt st bse lok:) b..r tJ.t La. 1r' tratI-I the ca-.hi- f, to wo t L D ,.scacy€ is acting the part of -condI. U)j tti, text of " rl'e PFrst Knarck-do?ra talor," we save the tullowig ap:nted l rt -:--e TIERE'S UIiAP3 OF i1GilT L. HIMi YBT. - .. ? ,. A .atco and a dih at the now, . The on .e .f a ku -t?e. a-d then Thee rtae isa.d aininig U b: ir-, And t.e flli'; u: .re of the . a. He is e.u;hlat o ; e. ucray. L -- Us, the thtsh of th! -itn-Jy 5:' ,--. Who ,h -u th l'h ,t t.fiot -ee Taree s hbrp of fiat indl is py.t It liurrila! There . he ';-s .. fish: in him tat )cPh rain-the pet of Do-ls a. A mo?d of hoe-d h and o.f lei -h Standeth up. a m?-% pa'pa.Ae m .ss Of thews, and .sin?r-, ast I -tath. Bit the backer, who :.eked ha fte Have never I reaso, to fret; He i, bi amiag rwth gameuritu and go." And th.ge' heaps of fiiat in hia )et! Hurrah I Therre. heaps of fight in him yet ! Just wait for a bit, till he spar. At t-e 's Sorehie" abtat of the ropcs If 's used to roag f Wls in the warns. S aJ yw? needn't ive way w.th your hOpes. le is plucky. he nerer "car= :n." H Leart to his purp se s st ; Ant he's bound to g is and to wi,. Far there' heaps of fih? in him yet ! llurrai ! There's heaps o figt inh him yet PAncE-r or MeaeaEeS.-Tbe Jletua Akzsa er MUail, writing on the above topic, asserts that the diversity of opin'on that used to exist among the persons most in tereste in the subject, namely, the mem hers who are to be paid, is growing by degrees beautifolly lee, and there is now sarcely, since Mr Higinb thatam st the example, a politician "f any importance, or of none, who is not convernl over to the Sd.ctrine that the laborer in Parliameot is quite as worthy of his hire at anybody else If the Macpherson Ministry does nothing else, society will owe it a debt of gratitude should it succeed in hlaying the ghost of the proposal that has haunted the Assembly with the persistence of a spectre frotm its Parliameotaty infancy. Either let the new Ministry quicken the idea into vitality and life, or let it put the carcase of it qni tIh auol-rgroand into the linbo ulat poIjrets b-ne.olent in their aima. but whn-ba tae -a .l4l-n. ol nankina wll wnct allw to lie exactly in u?e anie Iilsntthrulli lig.,t a. their a ab on. Paoapicrs oU THe WEvrgS" RAILwAY. Th, Geelong ldrerti?er. urgmnn on ih- toit C.-Iscil to iig,,ro-a tcitn in r,-ar.l to ti1 'aI-,tirn Itailear, aswrt. tlot -get Ir Inrtin. actiy at purlose tI tie-- up bi soat ml r..rctical ns-n, nli-n the laresi:e inl re-*ire-sof a itw'rtaul¢.,rlratlinnr- p'rsnrtto gave ,eihis Ito the whol-, renders re-onlle sucess aI mn- certain. Aol clrcmutascls are .rec?. barly ravorable "t the iernent timn. Tar ea'. nitll?lanls.?-nent,I Ith. nort.l.t-ter ;il- ha not aivaneJd a stli d ring thle lant twarle tnonthi. To lou's It raibtl b-n raia.l, anl the eon-truetisn bill hi. not been plsasl. Tate Itilw.- D part vent iha-. beeti dilatr in acquiring inlor,,ati s with rel?.ct to th, motl . eonoule. nalete of caontrctieo, and a -eleet comuhile ha. rele.rte I in Iavoue ut a much redced sl cale ',f c l.. In the meutimae the adrecaten of a rail way to the VYrStrrn Di.trict ha,.ve gttater d strength. It ta- b-en proveda that Ipo,.ul i,?,, res trces at.d proluctin largely prepeadera:e in the western-secti,n of the colony. Thle western to?aship. are in earnest about railway aecoom Ja'ioa, snd it ni.I be snar~ely po-sinle for any Goaern teot to refuse oilet longer this kind of aconi. dati.so to th: tiurst agriultura alnd pastoral ditrit of tite e,,lny.. WrAT IS THE VALUE or At-t --It ap pears frion as Oreusjouraal that the tariff for kisser is stiffer at \IVYangaratta than other townships in Australia. A wretched cul prit, named Samuel Taylor, was charged at the local policy court by a lady with having rudely taken hold of her it the puulc streets atd kissed her. The oiffader a.as senteneed to two mouths ionlr,?Onzanast without ally optiulon at all ,f a fiue. After this, we should not advise young mina of erratic teatdetaci.n te tss \\\'a:g.srs:'ta, f~r it is evident that hid wa,,rship the Mlyi, r is a mata not to be trlled with. ID&rTt; o07± ItAClIsO alsat --SheaaaOll ,Oa Mr Cle.-i-,aa'i redi ag s.., a-, ait,,51 as? sat - dent oa Welnetaa) 5li,/c ra'.u'i.tlIn h sr ajeash. Un tcim? a.u.:-i -g s ijsllir.i -n s ae *n1 l~t~ati.t• aisa. is, ci mnt.1 ,5 111 lLs ra,,e .s initlliir lhor-e, btirg ridl ta hy , y tsas asd Gree. Tase .ssire assise a Iaa'.t o.ar,h I,a tallCes 01 I srsCllll, ,i 1, . aillla ga~b.; at ha,,J. .tolpled iulltra a cnrh-!a-:, t ,r.al:lg CsIn1,. tj) uierasrlailt,| iaa-,g. hstr ri'I-r Sas l aletI ir, hialren Iree. Il'e lasy, nisO wa, rI(atnl i. ntalunll, v -aan retlemea i €. sIr ?sA .ri, tie etetlasilra S sraes.Oil. sosii tot IraeI1 taint,. ttl+ts,e r,.aer.+Iek sa-tr injar.-,, hast at *, tise alls.rt- h l sac isatry. Si, grnluall) Is, i liautr., haosrea. h.idlt-rI O.1 iLst-.-rr d fut alils .'iletssrllat CUi,° iLs, l~llarsi Cu,., ail ti,. Saas.alursu. C ,p. I-r trp lr - utj · li an l e ld bln s b t~w, ir t. ama. hr- is att a-sr ist+; ani ugru aiss it..s lt i-I triad3l, sail har las a; hanr iursrrail a slat. l+. . 'I sat MALTA LrAVINGoa ro- leor.? . IreshI brie:, Irlll .het u..s. I'., scarcely szroisg enoughl to be Lermerd a galc, y I Ite.-lIe at I tie l3th, previaltd t.-ioughaout yttesdla3. It rssidnu~z a h sq c iu the Ui as to rr.nie ioUinu there a matter of d1i-,. and in ?o?equeuoce the trinaMaeut a 6E1 froa the staam tags to the mail *t :r ocapel wso me i timte that a its eoeýa;J it was deemed prouest to ,sp~ne the dw.. tare of the L?alLt uatil day itbh t}is m~r~ra, This hgne through tbhe Su.tXa Ch,.d an being lighted up. and the delay fir-t an1ee would prervent the vessel makg the" Cha. onel before dark. No:ritaithsaa:? t?w: t. tbel, tbere was at the e aark.lix of the passengr. from SarnIdgei Raslway Pier tot the Malta. a goodly muster df t-ee tltraa Catholit elerA and laity to witain toe de. pature of arechuiahsp Pdia;T, lifaht .-r. Dr Murphy. Lithjp uf Tasasais Ieiht Irt Dr Q ail, 3iahop of B'shan., Atid oher rev ge-tleamen bh.. proee-d tR.aie br tbhe .alta to attend the fonrh?bemi; E ý n '.= CotunciL The Malta bears away mo:re th 1.6,0CO otn of told ail 15),?) t3rer. "sa", the iage t Maount of the fr=-:", imetal, we tbelieve, eiver before en veyd i, s ngle voyage. The steazars i?ai fl erl. t.n, for Ner Z.elatnd, ,..1 Aldi-g, rt: ;de. Iide, also .sey:l tueir ispt.-.re ro,; the severityof the wea:her. a.n are ný: to leave brdoee 10 a.m. this aOr,f,i . We h.ae nOt beard of 1. au'.es: ,c:e:r.n?; ':e: tý ,ey toSine i$ns.iau:t t: a. a t tat wins o, at may tae m eurOa tSlit. recl t.,: ship .rls? had to t;.) :l: s.r ?.ar iar as ee rotll el :o hrat:lv. Sars o ET To o o EA NEW . -4. Cion. ethou cern s met:tnr lji-e isj_. 1t: =a occupying a guA d.e-. of .: j c ii Greymowatb, tie miy r:iri:.t the ft~.jah:: story whbich wa recently re's:u. .i a b . respondent in uue of the L.r;:ik:a : -" A gooud crop of smtrr..oa-t worth a hundred rtfs fr getrin :;c a r--L_ I was in the sharebrukio2 bn:,ir?:s e. -f in a nebbastriee peoriue-e. ;A :be , ,..`., whu died in Beudego, b:?.o . ai e -e specamensu statirl ia hi, HiZ tbn , p~ " honest use, they were worh me- :thin the Koh-i-uoor. As ,on a rao:n ai. mwen I came to New Zea!ae a:ue -'",wJt them to severeal par:ies on a go ! --i, and got up a mania in no timeO f uors sharebenrkers came up to see ?t?: w-s to be doune. Ote of th-ese ge:leznn, wh:s name I dou't know, a-ked o?e d-7 if I hj got any St,aoe ott of nar reef. I s.d had kuocked off a few piecs frnom a ?cater, 'ad =bowed himt the specimen,. He imnc:,x . ly grasped my band, anI fairly :?akh:? with excitement, .-aid, ' J1y by, the b__" pines of quartz in the Au-tralia'? B-loi1 To my knowledge, Sith tteir aid, thir?y. seven ceumpauiea in Victor-t, f.,ar.- in NewSeu:h \~Yles, and serea:eea in Q :t-o Land, besides others I hare heard o, havre been gt up. Itis js: fiefteen yr- ,du?e I eaw them firs: in Liendiio. R~Vlto. will y ye rtake fr them I' I replies that I dl'et care about parting writh them. MIy freail sighed deeply, and, as be turned away to hide a faLLng teat, re:narked in bn.ke, acents,eu '1 have been luking after these spcimmers five years; the Lis: I beard of f them was near Per: Curiti.' A feo weks Safte this I deemse it arisnrile t", lavet- he place, not uu ace, aut of the reef dipping considerably. and th: iuatlity of the miuerp working iu the hahf e to fild w tre i: om-s .t .,ao-l to dip, but bec.tas. I wishrel to visit a frietd ill Vlctoria. I then sldI the specimens to the geatlernaa who c)r?:ed them. He reznarked, as wre pareal, 'IIn going to matke a pile up North.' He went Sto Aucklan:d. Ture. weeks aflEer he Landed there, a rush set it : Paalseer. OF TIE ;NEW Merse-ere. Acaording to thte Aje, the prospeats of the new Ministry lok sa:u!,tre an lowering Injudicious friends ,nl open foe alike seen at on in clculatin; the rarerse chances of an exis:ecea of any" dar-aioa for the ufle lg;e I cabinet. Their cdificulties are ina:lvy, and l on Ir.prlr, ,and at no great distaern, or the hor-iz n. "Wt at are they going to do with lleers Byrne anal Reeve?,? Tilet an?malnas positin of these two luckless oalleagtes of theirs is tielr first dif-i:etv. A restoration of them to l-riva:, life would be not only o nsi.lerate to thesa two wrestlers with hard for:ure, bat also sound policy as far as re iris the posi tion of Minister. This is the driet?-.a of thI new men the:selves, and it has been sauctioned by the I)resent Assembly. Clearly, then, their firs: step t-orar,? winning ever a terNpor.iry wlerati.,n from the li-,ase is to sheefel off the dead weight t of Messrs Byrne and Reeves. And their iutilation of doing so sLhould b their firnt atlnou?ce.?uat to ties Asc.nblr. After sttdina; shoe of thle qlustiosa that are likely to plaie Mr 3M icphorsoe in a dliffinelt, tiee A1e remarks that these are only tlee eeore pru.ineeret of the many we tsures which '.trli t.ne:nt, -aeeitin. the p.licy of .lr 1'Calloe-h, has already coeeseeted to pass this session. And if thle .l e, hlersoe Govereare ,ct is either unable or unwillinig to eoceply with the eepeeta:ions of P'arliament in carryine r thuon I.sriusu measures to oouepletior, tles best need nost louest course is to disenis tlheee geretlu:n·ee: at ouco from the officidl IrOci:iri which tlhey woeld thus shor tlteuselves rentlih, to OCcp)y'. A .\ linistry without a policy an i w\teoat a mnjority ire Parli-aeenet-.ard therefore exis:ing oee ereere snelleraneeoe -is only a sturbhlinrt blo-k ire ties way of Iolitai! prrgress. TIle: C1lEtr ?vCrL'Tct.r A.--fle .-IoraS, ct eereeuertireg ce Mr 1apceherson's treat ,eearet ul thes II hilwuay qruestion when ad dressineg thie eleit-trs of tJoleraine, stoles that ho lonleely Urgited tie matter with theern, giving-' the r.esotns by which ho a-Id beeue led to for,,e au opinrion different frojee tlecir own, ared, thlonegh his et' rltareetisoa wass received with oeninnus dis. uleleprobuatiuen, lee hleld his groueed fairly, :trd caneeim-Id neothing to tten mtenaci,,g clltsear with whihlhe Itt was assniledL. 'Ihe -lrlje aocruepts tlhis straightforward and eeearely oeeductsoflr Macpjhorsone as a good auegeury for thes future, it' it slhould heapjpene tle.et his rule is to bh prolonged. It is lung aieeco. observes our Coutoren|)orerJy thlatwu leave had a Chiuf Secretory cajeublo of rrsiseiay anrt Ippular demand, or who wvould norifi?e the sninlu.et lpor tion of his politicol inlnenlo r powe,' r in I ordor to mainlnin lus solt-roespoct, lnld it is n most agreeable novelty, to find na geutlolmnn occuping that high position who is honest onough to tell his Con tlituelnts thalt what Ithoy demand of himi i'oull not beo for their good, nod that they will never got it through his' moans. 