PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY. ? - Tho Moderator toak tha chair at 11 o'clock on Friday. The report of the committee on education wag brought np by tho Rev Mr Micdonald, lha con vener of the committee. Tho repart stated that the first matter which the oommitteo ?wished to announce was the resignation of Mr Balfour as a member of the Board of Educa tion. Tho state of Mr Balfour's health obliged him last year to take a voyago to Europe, and before leaving he placed hi* re signation in the hands of the board. The committee regard tho loss of Mr Balfaur'g ser vices to publio cduoation in Victoria as a great loss to the community. Mr Balfonr, though independent in hi9 conviction*, waa in sym pathy with tho views and feelings of this church on odncaiion ; and the committee trust that on hi* return to the oolony in renewed strength, and with accumulated knowledge of schools and echool systems acquired at home, he may be able to devoto himself nnew to tho educational requirements of Victoria. In appointing a now commissioner of education in room of Mr Balfnnr, the late Government did not consult the Presbyterian Church ; and the committee feel that this should bo generally known, in order to prevent misap prehension. Early in the year tho committee reRolved ta recommend to the assembly not to consent to the transfer of any moro Presby terian common schools or school properties to tho Board of Education, pending the ftmend ment by Parliament of the Common Schools Act. It will bo for the Assembly to say now whether or not this recommendation should be adopted. With reference to the general ques tion of publio education, tho committee do not think they are called on at present to ask tho church's attention to the various matters which are now ocoupying tho public mind in connection with common schools, as the whole subject is already before tho church oourts, through a remit of the late commission of Assembly, and will bo brought np inde pendently of the report of this committee, by the deliverance* of tho various presbyteries of the church. All that tho committee nsed say here is that they rejoice to observe that the presbyteries are generally agreed on the prin ciple that it is on parents that the primary responsibility for the education of their own children should be fixed, and not on the ohuroh sr State. Sohools Bhould be managed and taught in sympathy with the feelings of parents, and all that the State should be ex pected to do for sohools, is to assist parents to do what they cannot well do locally for them selves. The rest of the report wag occupied with a proposal to establish a ladies' college in connection with the Presbyterian Church, and also with mattara roferring to tho Scot oh Col lege. Some disoussien ensued on the renort. in which Rev Messrs Micdonald, A. J. Camp bell, Henderson and K'Lean took part, and ultimately the whole question was referred to a oommitteo consisting of Rev. Messrs Hethcr ington, Ray, Kith, Scott, M'Milkn, A. J. Campbell, Robortson and Ballantyno, and Messrs R. Scott, Baillie, Wilson and Morrison. A memorial was submitted by R,av. W. F. Main from the congregation of St. George's Church, East Collingwood, asking that half an acre of ground might be reserved from the two acres between Viotoria-parade andAIbert-ttreet (proposod to be used for a ladies' oolloge) for the erection of a raanss for that church, as the proposed cite in Gold-street, East Collingwood, was very objectionable owing to its proximity to ,the Riley-Btreet drain, the gasworks, and the swamp. The memorial was considered in conference, .and upon the motion of Mr Hetherington it was decided that the memo rial be not' ontertained, as the site was re quired fer a Indies' college. The Assembly then resumed, and the decision of the con ference was reported to the moderator, and it waa decided that the committee previously appointed should moot on Saturday morning at ten o'olock. An ovorture from the presbytery of Bal larat relative to the standards for worship was submitted by Rav. Mr Henderson, who pointed out that thero wai a great deal in the oresent directory for worship wbioh had become auite obsolete, as for instanoo it wa3 ordained that prayers should be offered up for the conversion other Majesty (referring to the Qaoen of CharloB I.), and also for the health and pros perity of her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia and of Charles Priuoo Palatine. Rov, Mr Maodonald moved the previous question, a* he did not think tho time had yet came for a re vision of the standard* of the church, which might well stand over for a few year*. Rav. George Mackia seconded the mo tion. Rav. Mr Fraser moved as an amend ment that the mailer be referred to a committee consisting of the presbytery of Ballarat, with Mr Henderson a* convener, the committee to report to tho next general Assembly. The amendment having bean seconded, the Rav. A. Robortson moved a seoond amendment to the effeot that ' the present directory for worship be more strictly adhered ts.' Upon being put to the meeting, the Bsv. Mr Fraser's amend ment was carried by a large majority. The evening sederunt commenced at seven o'clook. An application was received from the Rev. Thomas Craig, of New South Wales, to have his name registered for the solemnisation of matrimony in Victoria. The application was granted. The Rev. D. Macdonald brought up the re port of the oommittee on the New Hebrides mission, 1869. The accounts received from the missionaries, though 8ober,Jnro cheering, and the committee aro specially gratified to be able to report that the two missionaries supported by this Church are much blessed of S-od in their labors, and are much satisfied with the way in whioh they are sustained by the sympathies and libera lity of the Presbyterian Churoh of Victoria. The ohiaf event in the colonies this year con nected with the New Hebrides mission was tho effort to raise an insurance fund for the mission vessel, and the committee have to acknowledge the goodneBS of God in giving that effort complete succes?. Tho convener, as instructed by last Assembly, proceeded to New Zealand to plead the claims of tho Dayspring insurance fand, and that with the oo-oporation of the Rev. John Inglis, from Aneiteum, who accompanied the Dayspring from tho Islands to New Zealand, and with the cordial help of the brethren in New Zealand, an amount was raised whioh, with the sum contributed by this Church and by the Presbyterian Churoh of the lower provinces of British North America, reaches over £3000. The con vener found the opinion very strong in New Zealand that the mission vessel should continue to be insured with the interest of the insurance fund, and this is also the opinion of the mis sionaries. She is therefore insured for this year for tho entn of £1500. The committee have a strong sense of the value of the visit of the Dayspring to the various towns which she can reaoh, and it is their intention on her next arrival in Port Phillip to Bend her to CorioBay, in the belief that the families and Sabbath schools of the Western district that are whhin a reasonable distance will be gratified by an opportunity of seeing the vessel, which in as the ' dayspring from on high ' to many a benighted island in the South Seas. The Rev. A. J. Campbell, in moving tho adoption of the report, proposed to the Assembly that it should set apart the first Monday in every month specially for prayer in aid of the mission oause. He also suggested to the mission committee the advisability o! adopting Df. Daff Vplan, carried out in Hin doston, namely, teiohing the natives the Eng lish language ; and enlarged on the wonderful effect Buoh would have on tho religious and social condition of the natives. The speaker then brought before the assembly the ' kilnappieg ' of the nativs of the Polyo.es.ian i Islands, and in a powerful and stirring review ol what bad been done in this matter, he called I on the Assembly topetition the Qaeen to repress this modern slave trade, carried on so un b!ushins;]y under tho Britiih flaj; end sug Rested that the Key. D. Macdonald should visit Queensland in the Dayspring, to inquire into tbe circumstances of the unfortunate natives of the islands of the Pacifia now domiciled in that colony. The Bav. J. W. Inglis seconded ihe J adoption of the reporf, cordially supporting the preposition that, as Britons, as freemen, and as Christians, the Assembly should send forth a powerful voice against the indignities which are being carried on in Queensland uader tho flag whoso proui boast has beon that under it no slavery could exist. The report, with a deliverance of the Assembly, indig nantly remonstrating against the conduct of the traders to tbo South SealeJandp, and the sincuon given vo taem oy iao uovexnment oi Qaoonsland, was adopted. Tho Rev. George Maekin brought up the report o! the committee on the Chinese and Aboriginal micsionr. The report, which was a lengthy one, showed that amongst the 20,000 Chiticso in Victoria, the work bore features of a very hopeful character. In respect to the absrigines the report was exceedingly cheeriBg. At Ramnh Yuck mission station, the number of baptiiod blacks is now twenty- six, out of which twelve are communicants. They have a linordinc «.-.hnnl whioh has hfipn crroatlv blessed, both for young and old. The inspector of oommon schools paid the mi sion a visit and oxamined tho children, and expressed himself highly pleased with the results. Tho Rov Mr Hagonauor, who has charge of this Btation, gave a very interesting account of his work during ths past yenr. The con vener reported the resignation of tbo Rev W. Matthews through some disagreeable occur rences with the (local agent at Ballarat. Previous to accepting the resignation, the Apsombly appointed tho RavB. Messrs Nish, Wilson, Robertson, Fraser, Cairn?, and Messrs M'Bain, WiUon and Scott, elders, to take evi dence between the parties, and to meet on Monday evening. The Asaombly then ad journed till Monday morning. The following speech was delivered by the Rev. Mr Meiklejohn, during the disension con cerning the Christian Review, on Thursday : — Mr Moderator, — I hive tho assurance to say that whatever tendenoy thero is in the direction of Broadchurchism, now complained of, in the columns ot tha Review, that tendenoy the Review had previous to tho demission of the editorship by Mr Dykna. It was Mr Dykes who gave to the Review its pre sent character. I therefore think it un fair to Mr Inglis to have such a charge as the present brought forward at this titno ef day. I object to the appointment of the proposed conitmttee. It must be remem bered that different views obtain on this sub ject is the General Assembly. Some of us believe that the doctrines of our religion are bettor conserved by mooting the peculiarities of the ago by a liyle of treatmant suited to it, than by clinging to thfl stereotyped modes of bygone days. Perhaps I hold tho doctrines of our faith with a* much ot dogmatism as any member of the court, yet I olaim for myself— and I wou'd olaim in behalf d my brethren, the liberty to avail ourselves of the new light) and new settings for those doctrines and principles, whioh the time furnishes, and whioh the fresh guidance of the Holy Ghost, who is perpetu ally resident in the churoh, brings to view. There is more ef danger to those doctrines, I venture to aay, in treat ing them in a language of the past, than in the course animadverted on by' Dr CiirnR and Mr M'Eachran. For, if we fail to meet the independent and froer thinking of the present time by suitable and worthy methods, a reaction will come, and movements be deter mined in the publio mind, when it will be too late to attempt to control them. I deoidedly oppose the appointment of a committee so thoroughly one-sided as that which haa boon nominated by Mr Nish. , 