A COUNTt FAMILY. [^BOM OHAMBEKS'S JOUSNAIi.] GHAPTERXXIX.— MR9'BLACKB0KN SEES A GHOST. The winter was over and gone, and still the great Blackburn vault remained without the prey for whioh, in all men's eyoa, it seemed to have yawned so long. Tho Squire was yet alive; and even, as the wise doctors said, who had come again from town to visit him, better —at all events, less roBtlesa and 'discomposed. They had recommended change of air— re- moval to some convenient distance ; and it was in contemplation, when the days grew warmer, to transport the invalid to that shel tered cottage on the.Curlew of which we have already spoken. There was no mora ohanoe of bis recovery than of Fisherman Riohiird.who had bnilt the.plaoe, oomiDg baok to olaim hia own again; But there was so far an improve ment 'ins the sick man's state that it was now wholly passive :. there were 'no more ' yearning , glanoea, dumb appeals. He had never Buffered bodily pain, and now. hia mind seemed still and quiet as his limbs. None but his wife and son, and Stanhope, guessed the cause. Even Ellen, seeing his eyes often fixed upon the pedigree (which bad boen transferred from the old plaoe to his chamber wall), believed that it was that whioh so contented him. He saw the ? seasons change in the great mirror— tho snowdisBolvo, the green appear ; the awaken ing life of bud and branoh— but without pain or pleasure. ! He watohed the familiar faces about his bed with tho same listless look as he gazed on tho motes in tho sunbeams. Heaven only knows; what he thought. We who live and move can eoaroely picture how looks the world to those who only have their being in it. The outside folk — his friends and neighbors — did not spsonlate upon that matter, but counted him for dead already, except that they did not cnll upon the family with ' kind inquivieB.' Even to those about -him it sometimes ?seemed ' ao;1' 'The' prayers' whjch Ellen never omitted to read to him,' night, and morning, foil on deaf ears, nni, might have been tho sarvico of the dead. Wil liam, though he well know he was not the heir, begin to exeroise the rights of heirship, and rode and strode about liis father's, lands as though, they were hia own ; arid whether ho rodo or strode, a ' beggar on horseback' wag what tho people called him. Mere power,; such aa is neither icilrionco nor authority, was very sweet to him, aa it is to all brutal natures ; and he misused it sorely. Audyet it angered him to knovv that he waa hated. Ho was jealons of the respectful aalutatioua with which Ellen was welcomed by the meanest hind, as rBhe passed by; although all the village, end tha' poorest most of all, had cauao to like her; as he knew, and more or Icsb hai cause to dislike; him. He was jealoua of the kindliness with which Stanhope waa universallyregarded, not withstanding that the youqg Sqaire of Curlew Hall had not tha moana to ' do hia duty by the land,' that is, by those who lived by it. He was jealoua of the cheery looks which Mr Waller, always chatty, always gay, inspired. Ha was jealoaa, evan though hia rival in her affections was in his grave, with respect to Lucy ; and had bad tho lnoannons, on some pretence, to got diamisaed a gardener whom he had overheard talking to her about 'youug Sjuire Richard ns was dead and gone.1' He hated the county generally, partly because. his preserioe in the hunting- field had not been re ceived with enthusiasm by the other rod-coats, and partly becauso he had not beon made a magistrate. The Blaokburns had always been put upon the bonoh as soon aa they were of legal age, and his father had had that responsi bility conferred upon him directly he had suc ceeded to his inheritance. Why, then, was ho left out in the cold ? The, cabal against him, it aeemed, had not beon confined to hi3 own; home. . ? : ' It was curious how this denial of the mere insignia of respeotability — since for the thing itself he cared nothing — rankled in his mind. Ia reality, only there ia nothing so unreasona ble as intense selfishness, William Blackburn had had every opportunity of 'getting on' in the neighborhood affordbd hioa., 'Couutry-folk are the last to judge men olf their own class upon their own merits, or he; wo aid have had small ' chanco indeed; scoros : of welcoming hands had been hold out to him, but in return he had only ; shown the cloven foot. His be havior to his parents, and eapeoially to Lucy, was resented ; arid besides, notwithstanding the shortness of his sojourn at Redcombe, ho had openly more than once shocked a by no means fastidious public opinion. As to the magistracy, Stanhope, though the lord - lieutenant waa personally known to him, had declined, point blank to move in the matter, and had even ex pressed himself to be, ' under the oircum Btance, astonished at anon a requat.' Mr Waller (who would himself perhaps have found a difficulty iq getting 3. P. tacked to his name, had not M.P. been there' already) had recom mended patience, aud hinted that there would be a better c'aance of such promotion when he had formed some matrimonial connection with, a county family ; at whioh William's brow darkened visibly, for. reasons best known to himself. . He had received a letter on the very morning on which that remark was made, and had it then in his pooket, which, besides its in trinaically unpleasant natare, reminded him bitterly enough ? of how far off was that' con summation of hi* hopes, his rilarriage with Lucy ' Waller. This communication ran aa followa :— . MrDBAK'Mii BjcAokbtos.— -I daresay you. will ebaroely remamber this handwriting ;. and '. yet it comes from ono who ia; a sort of kin to you [here Mr William winced and c wore a great oath.] S^memon might take it ill that you never wrote alino^ to tell me of my poor niepe's death; bat it is likely enough; not being an habitual oorreapondent of yours truly, you did not know my addreBS, whioh indeed ia generally protty changeable, as at present. If I had chanced to see the notice in the Times, I should certainly have come, no matter what diatanoo, to pay my. last tribute of respect to your late wife's memory [hero Mr William ex pressed incredulity in the strongest language.] However, as business is bringing me northward shortly, I will do myself the pleasure of just lookbag in at Blackburn Manor. It was only quite by ohanoe, and within the last day or. two, I heard of your luck. What a pity it ia poor Beas never lived to see it! Rlohardson also joins with me in folioitationfl [never did ' felicitated' man wear so incongfaoua a look as William, Blackburn wore as he read that word] upon your, position and prospects. Still, you muathot forget, old friends. — Yours very sin cerely, ',:-.?' John Dean. ' This unwelcome letter waa no doubt inten tionully unfurniehed with an address, bo' that Mr William Blaokburn was unable to indulge himself in what would have been an immense relief under the oiroumatanoes, the sending an appropriato reply , by return of post.'. 'Ho wants money, this impudent scoundrel,' ejaon lated William. ' He and Biohardson, they think to put the sorew oil,- on account of that confounded Chester business. , But not one' penny of husk-money do they get out. of me. I had rather they told the whole story than not indeed, for it would Bet me free of this fellow! Stanhope ;- ho would havo no hold upon me tbien,1 except that: — enrse himi — ho has got, that will in keeping. Ho took it to Curlew Hall that very day,; I know he did. YeB, I must riot break with him—just yet — whatevor happens. — Bat why does this fellow prate_ so muohjabout Boas ? He useB her as astalking horsej of course. He dared not show his face here but for that. And yet it is clear he sub peota ! nothing. If he only knew — why this' man would be a.stono about my neck for all my d^ya.' I must ace him, I auppoao, since, I cannot prevent hia' coming. , .But, I will not give ljim a Bhilling, not a Bixpenoe— let him do hisworatl I beliove if he told all, that Wallor is ao. 'deeply dipped, that it would make no' difference now. as regards Lucy. But what is her father's consent, or even hers, to me' (and 'William Blaokbum ground his teeth), ' while there is that woman at Formosa 1' It was in vain for him to reoapitulato what an out-'bf-the-way place Formosa was, and all the arguments he had so of ten used with him self against the probability of Bobs turningup to trouble him. The very thoughtof the risk ho Bhould incur, if he married while she was alive,! brought the perspiration out upon bia forohead. It may be judged whether this was a propitiouB morning for Mr Waller to Litat to tho young Squire that an eligible matrimonial connection was the only thing to set himself right with tho county aud the lord- lioutenaut. Another annoyance ohanoed to arrive that day from the same aouMe, although^ very different and quite unsubstantial kind ; but then annoy aaceaare ^^ ofteriirlcBome ^^ in 'iriverab proportion to their subatanoo. Jnst as' he had dontrivecl to put that letter ' of Undo Dean, with- the bitter recollections ? it evoked, out of his mind,, his mother, of allp9qple in the world, must needs awakon thean ftgain;: Sho had driven out with Lucy , to 'I The Fishery,'-' to pive certain final .directions there for the recoption ; of tho family, aud had come baok, to use her own oxproasion, 'much upset ;' by which she meant, not that she had boen frequently thrown out of the; carriage, but was seriously indisposed. Perbfapa, as Luoy suggested to Ellou, the idea of Leaving Redcombo under such sad' ciroumBtances, sinoe it waa out of all . human probability, that her husband would bo brought back thither— save to the churchyard —had overcome her; she had. borne up waa derfully all day, however, until on their road , homei when she had given way iu a rather un expected, and apparently ? uncalled-for manner, in Redmoor fir- grove — ' Jnat where it is so steep,' you know,- that one always gets out and walks1; your gnaidmother and I were walking, and she bado me go on at my own pace, since waiting for her made her nervous ; and although loath to leave her, I did so; but finding she did not appear within a reasonable timo, and . since the coachman feared that the horses, being heated, would catoh cold waiting too long on the brow of the hill, I went back, to pivo Mrs Blackburn my arm to help her up the steep. I found her leaning against a tree, not out of breath, but very pale and trembliug, aud . : she sai.d something had given her a turn.' ' Ah, then I know what it was, Lacy,' inter rupted. Ellen sadly; 'lean guess why that particular place should affect poor dear grand mothor : it was in that very fir-grove, aa she brioe told me, that she and grandfather had a last interview with his mother. Ho waa but a few weeks married, then a young arid handsome bridegroem;' and I daresay the sudden recol lection of him as ! he then was, involuntarily contrasted itself in her mind with his present woeful condition.'.' .., '.I, think that mu3t have been it,' assented Luoy,' for Bhe said some thing I could not quite understand about a warning and your poor grandfather. I am sure it is a miracle to me that Mrs Blackburn gives way so seldom, considering her trials.' Indeed, the stout old lady, notwithstanding that tenderness of her heart, whioh evinced it self in auoh culpable weakness with respact to her son, was by no means easily cast down, but ' went about her household duties bravely, and nuraed the flick man in true wifely fashion night and day, the only one about him who in her heart of hearts had had even until now some hope of him yet. She was one of those who have faith in the doctor while he prophe sies smooth things, but when he shakes his , head, comfort themselves with a 'Well, well, Boienee is often mistaken, and after all we are in God's hands ;' aB though we had not been there before. Bat all that evening good Mrs Blaokbum kept Borrowful silence, and more than once! considerably embarrassed Mr Waller by bursting into teara. To weep in public 'was, in that gentleman's eyes, an un pardonable Boleoism (,' Good Heavens,' whis pered' he to Stanhope on the second occasion of this ebullition, 'are we in the Forest of Bondy ?'), an impure whioh, if generally in dulged in, would make the ordinary transactions .of life impossible: the idea of some meeting of ruined shareholders, instead of stigmatising one as a sooundrel (againat whioh one might bear up), dissolving into tears ! As to Mr William, full of his own personal troubles, he doubtless wondered what the old woman had got to ory about ; but sympathy ' , did not prompt hirii so far as to make inquiry. He had; got hia greatcoat on, and his cigar in his mouth, about to visit the; Blackburn Arms as usual : after dinner, when his mother beckoned him! into the deserted 'dining-room. ' O Willy,' said she, ' I have been wanting to speak to you all the evening, but conld not get you alone. I have had such a shook to-day as you cannot imagine ; and I ain only thankful that it did not happen to you.' ,' Shook; well, I'm not easily shocked, and I. daresay I ? could have stood it,' returned ' William grnflly. ' VVhat's happened now ?'? 'A yery dreadful thing, Willy; : I have had a' message from the grave. I have seen a ghoat ' ?' Oh, Isay ; ' come now. You must have a talk with Mr All case when he ccomw to visit the' governor to morrow. Theae uort of fancies — for I've heard him say so— are all stomaoh.' 'But this was not fanoy, William, I am very sure. Now, do you sit down and listen.' ' But I want a cigar, mother ; and Bill Dykes and Harry Wil ling have got a match an to-night at four corners;'' 'Never mind them, William,' ro .tumed Mrs ' .Blackburn gravely;- ' and havo your cigar here if you please. If you had seen what I have seen thiB day -you would bo in no humor for games orjimokingt' : 'I' will jaefc Kght up, however, in the moantime,' aaid Mr ?, William contemptuously, for he had drunk hia fill, an'd was by no meano in a Condition favor able to superstitious fearfl.—' Now then, I'm all attention ; fire away.' ' ' I, dareaay you have heard, Willy,', began his mother, afowly, with her hand upon his 'knee, 'of that old legend about the Blaokbum folk, that before they die they have each a ,\y#rniug of their end sent from the other world, that the last dead Blackburn returns to toll the doomed one of his race that his time has come to depart also.' 'I haye heard Borne twaddle of, tho kind,' Baid Williain carelessly. '? They say in the village that young Bichard's dead mother was soon in the park the night before her son popped off , the hooks so suddenly; but it'a all rubbish of course. And indeed she did not hapoen to bo Blaokbum at all.' ' That is no matter, Willy; sho was a Blackburn by marriage, if not by blood. Your grandmother walked on. the terraoe the night ;' before) her wioked hus band breathed his last. It is always the last dead that givea the warning.' ' Mr William, lying back in his arm okair at eaae, expelled his tobaoco-omoke in rings, an aooompliahmont pf which he waa nnroduonably proud, and inquired Bcorrif ully,: ' Well, what then?! Have you seen this young gentleman to-day?^ and he pointed to.the picture of hia eouBia Richard that hung above tho mantel piece. ?? No, Willy ; but I have Been your wife —poor , Boaa,' William Blaokburn bounded from his chair with a fearful oath. ' Don't swear,' Willy— don't Bwear, for Heaven's aakp ; you dpn't know how soon you' may be called to answer for such words. What I saw was a warning for one of your rabo ; but. who Bhall Bay for whom? At first, of course, I only thought of your poor father. He iB the likeli est to !go, dear soul, and the fitteBt for it. Ah, if you could 'bjit see' him lying day and nigkt, night and day, pationt arid gentle-faood as the atono angel over. the ohuroh door 1 I know by his look that be has forgiven me for moddling with his paporg, though, indeed, it was very wrong of met) do so ; aud I do think, if you ware to go and sea Liia once again, Willy' ? ' Never you mind me and father. You tell me about what you saw, mother ; toll me every thing.' He had sat down again now, and had hidden his oyts behind his hand, but his fea tures workod beneath it restlessly. ' I knew it would move you, my .dear boy — I know it would touch you ; and I hope it will work for good. I- know you are not wicked, as some believe, bnt only a little wild and thoughtless. Yet, O remember, that it is not. always the old and ailing that are taken first, but oftentimes tlio young and strong. Think, if this should be a warning sent to you, my darling— to you ih etead of' ? 'Will you tell me what yen saw ?', broke in her son with savage impati ence. ' That firab, and what you think of it afterwards.. What, in the Fiond'a name, did you -ee, mother?' ?- ??? Fora moment, tho poor, lady's speech was choked by sobs. For the firat time, perhaps it was' borne home to her that thia son of hers had indeed a heart of stone ; but he muttered something by way of an apology for his tone and temper,: he had been put out, he said, by an infernal business letter that morning. . And . her hand once more rested on his knee as she resumed her story. ??' We were walking — Lacy and I— up the short out through Eadmoor fir grove,' while the carriago went up the real. I had sent Luoy on before, because I like to go my own pace, and not feel hurried ; and pre Bent'y she had left me far behind, and I was; quite alone.. It was the very plade where fifty years ago, Willy, your father and I met Rissell Blackburn's wife- for the last time, and the ? thoughts of old times crowded in upon m^ so* that I stopped and lingered more than Lneeded, to do,though the way was steep.' ''Yea had your mind, then, full of tho past; and death, and suph like?' observed William, with interest. 'No doubt, Willy; and I may ?have alao , even ? thought of Besa her self, as I certainly did of , jqu, dear boy. But if I did, I thought of her less than any. Then presently, in the silence of the grove — for you know there was not a breath of wind to day — I heard steps behind me., I was not surprised, for the path in used by all folks on foot coming from Mosedale to Rad oombe, nor in the least degree agitated or alarmed. As the steps grew nearer, I moved to one side of the path, in order to let the person pass me, for whoever it was, she was a faster walker than I.' ' Buthovv did youknow it was a woman?' 'Because I heard her dress brush against the trees.' 'She was so close' as that, waB she?' inquired William hoarsely. ' Sho was at one time, but not when I looked round. I walked on and on, expecting every iuBtant that she Would pass me ; but finding that the footsteps ceased,1 I turned about to seewhy she had stopped.?' ... V Well, and what then?1'. ? 't Then I saw that it was Bess. It was growing dusk, but I am certain that [it.was Bhei and no other. Shie was a; deal .older, and more white, and; wan- looking than when I saw her last ; bnt, as sure as it is my voice you bear, Willy, it was yonr dead wife.' 'Did you speak to her?' As William put this question he shot through his fingers an eager glance at hia mother's faoe i; it was a careworn; and. wrinkled one enough,: but as honest and open as the smoothest ; he need not h'ave been afraid of any concealment there. ' Speak to: her? No, indeed, Willy. ; I was much' too skeared. My limbs; seemed to give way, -and I sank down trembling all of a heap against a tree -trunk. Indeed, for a moment, I shut 'tay eyes for fear, yet not so long that if it had been anything but a ghost, it could nevor have 'got out of sight ; iand yot, when: I looked again, Willy, there waB nothing-there.? M No:; and there waa never anything there, mother,!', said William, forcing a laugh, 'you may take your^athof that.' ' I tell you, Willy,'1 an swered Mrs Blackburn solemnly, ',' I am not; more; certain that I see you now than that I Baw Bess to-day. Moreover, she saw me, for which, indeed; without doubt, she had been sent,, 0, Willy* Willy, I cannot keep the.ter rible thought out of my mind that it was aboutyoa she came. It seems so strange else that, she should have looked so wan and sor-. rowful about your father. Oh, repent my dar ling, for we have all something' to be sorry for, and be a good lad while you have yet time. I have never troubled you with snoh talk of : lato, Willy ; I have been afraid of yonr ill looks and your tempers, but it has 'often been in- my thoughts to speak of suoh things.-— Riss .me, darling, kiss me. Pray to- night.; Oh, how Ihave proyad far-yon, Willy ! Pray to be a good man.' ?'Yen, yea, all right,' Baid William submitting, if with no very good grace, to his mother's im passioned caresse?. 'I will do all that, if you ou your part' will promise me to hold your tongue about this matter. Iu my opinion you : have been misled;by'your feelings; you were; tired, and full of melancholy thoughts,, and your imagination has built up the whole affair, . It was a ? mere delusion.' Mrs Blackburn; shook her head and smiled sadly. 'Well, that's my opinion, I repeat,' said William, coldly ; V and I think moBt people will agree, with me. On the other hand, yoa think you have seen a ghost. In either case I judge the; thing , had ; better not be talked about. ,? You never said one word of this to Lucy or E leu, . of course ?' 'Not a syllable, Willy ; and' I never shall. This is a secret botween you and; me— a secret much too sabred, muoh too awful, to speak to any ear than that which it may concern. Your father, alas 1 is deaf to every voice, oven though it be 'one from the ? tomb ; but you, Willy, oh, lay it to heart— lay it to. heatt I You will not go out to-aiglt, darling, among those rough rude men?' No, I will not. I promise you that, mother. Good night* I will j as t have another cigar; and then to bed.' . Bat William Blackbam remained in that room for hours, now sitting by the fading embers with moody brow, now starting Up to pace the fioor with restless steps. , Not till the morning light found its way through tho closed ohutters did he retire to his own chamber; yet after all this counsel with himself, he could come to no more satisfactory conclusion than to hope that all these pains of thought might be in vain. ' The old woman mast have been deceived,' he muttered, as he threw himaelf on his bed. ' It could never havo been Bess her self ; she would not have dared to come.' CHAPTER XXX. — MR WILLIAM ENJOYS SOCIETY. That hoavinoas may enduro for a night, but joy;cometh in the morning;, was certainly not written of the vioious. To them tho begin ning of the day more than any other time brings the reproof of Nature. It is then that she ohiefly resents upon the wrong doer his contravention of her laws, and, until he haa commenced his duily round of life, hidden himself from her among his base companions, or forgotten her in strong liquors, her pre sence isirksome and hateful; If; waa at break fast of all inuals that Mr William Blackburn ap peared to least advantage ; and on the morning succeeding his long, vigil, ha was a piteous sight;to beho'd. Mrs Blackburn regarded- him with unfeigned terror, aa she thought of that mysterious vision of the previous day, and what it might portend. ' I shall be glad indeed,' said she, seeing him heap this and thnt upon his plate, until it waa like the 'Douglas larder,' and yet scarcely swallow a mouthful, 'when the time is ripe for our going to the cottage, for your sake, Willy, as much as for that of your poor father. lam sure you wantohange of air.' 'I don't know whether, I shall go to the cottage at all,' nnswered. her son gruffly ; . 'and, at all events, I shan't go yet.' ??? 'Not- go,' Willy ?;' pleaded she. ' Why, you surely, w.puld. not stop here alone !— What can you have to keep you at Eadcombe?' ?? Some thing that women understand nothing about,' growled he— ' business.' And with that scanty information she was fain to be content. '. Itwas certainly a buainoss of a light kind and one that did not keep Mr William within doors, It was his habit to lounge about the , grounds, and park, and village , all day, the veryltype of a loafer.. But he naw confined, himself to the grounds only. .Instead of hiB old listless, look, his eye seemed ever on the watch, , his- ear upon the stretch, for some one coming ; he would break off suddenly in his speech to listen to sounds that hi raided nothing, to stare with eager looks into the distance, where no thing shewed itself .? He was alert, and yet dis traught. r,DoubtleBs unwilling, for good roa sbnfii to bfl'frpmh.omenpbn. Mr Dean's arrival, which would probably oejur at some reasonably early hour, ho was awaiting that gentleman's visit ; for when the dusk began to thicken he would, set out none knew whither, but for such a distance— and it was obsorved that hia steps always took the direction of Mosedale— as often brought him home long after dinner was finished. On one occasion, being later than ever, his mother ventured to remonstrate with himi:- ?? You should consider, deartst Willy, there are guests in the house, and your poor father is not here to do the honors. I do not like to see Mr Waller sitting opposite to me in stead of my boy.' 'Very well,. mother,' said he, j' it Bhall riot occur again.' In spite of herself, Mrs Blackburn could not but feel amazed at her son's ready obedience. His tone, if not tender, which perhaps it could not ho, for ^voices lose their tenderness through long disuse, was not rough, but hollow and nervous. - Hisface was deadly pale, and his brow damp,- and his whole appearance shewed ijtiatj he had been walking far and fast, f How ill and tired you look, Willy ; you overfatigue yourself; aud do make haste to change your things, for see, your boots and leggings are quite wet.'. 'I came through the furze, and it waa heavy with dew,' said he, 'that's all.' 'Bat how hungry' yort must ba, darling. I willl bring my knitting and sit with you while you; eat;' - '.'I Yes', do . mother,' said he. It wasj almost the first time he had expressed a desire for her company, and the poor lady was in raptures. At the same time; this change in his behavior, which had during the last few days been even more unusually brusque and 'surly; really alarmed her. It struck her that he muBt surely be ill. The apprehension of the jwarning vision having had reference to him, recurred to her with redoubled vehemence, for, curiously endngh, it had never even entered into mind her that it might be Ellen's life that wa3 imperilled. She had had his favorite viands kept in readiness for him, but he ate scarcely anything, though he drank freely; and this did | riot tend to make her less anxious. Yet shejdid not dare to reour direct to that subject, for which he had shown a particular distaste. 'Mr Allcase called while you were away, Willy, and ; he thinks the weather is now quite mild enough for us to. leave home ; and Mr Waller tells me that the Fishery is looking so bright and comfortable, with everything ready for jour reoeption.' William laid down hio knife and. fork. 'Has Mr Waller been over yoniSer to-day ?' asked he earnestly. ' Yes, darling; he had husinesj in Mosedale this afternoon, and so very kindly he rode over to see ; how thing© were looking at the cottage.' 'When did he'go? When did he ccme back ? .1 mean at what hour?' 'He started after luncheon, and be was home ' again by six at lateptttby dear. I wonder you saw nothing of him,upon the moor.' 'Ididnotgo tothemoor to-d.ay: Iwalked in the opposite direction. — How is'; father?' 'Well,' no worse, at all events. Mr.Aljcase Biys he can quite bear the; journey, and oh, dear Willy, I do so hope you'll go with as. There will be the .fishing, you know ;' and though there is no billiard-room, ; Mosedale is. quite close; and, Lucy and- Mr Waller will be almost as much with us there as they arenow, although we have no sleeping room for them in the cottage. Mr Stanhope, too, has; kindly promised to stay on with U3. I don't think you need be very dull there; Gorfae, dear, it is not often that I ask a favor of you,-. but for my sake', if Ariot for your own —and I am sure you need the change — do promise me to, go with us to the Fishery.' ' Veiy well, mother ; I will go with you, since you make suoh a point of it.'' You go jd, dear boy, you have no idea how happy you make me!' murmured Mrs Blackburn, with dim eyes. ' And.now I will leave you to have yotjr cigar ba peace upon the terrace.' ?? No; I. shall not go out again to-night ; I have been ''out enough. Where are Waller and Stanhope ?' ' They are' riot in the smoking room, so that you can have it all to yourself, dear. They are p'aying a game at tiliiavds.' . ; .... These two gentlemen were wont to have their qigjars together in the Squire's sanctum, un hoiored by Mr William's preaenoe, who found companions more suited to his nature in the saddle-room, or at the public houae. But on thin occasion, notwithstanding that he might have bad the little room all to himself, he joined their company, and even volunteered to keep their score far them ; this he did as usual with the re&t; ; and tha, way in which that in strument rapped against the marking board, through the trembling of his handp, made the two players look at one another significantly : the one remarked in a whisper' that their friend was like the Cock Lane guoBt ;' and the other undercover; of a oanon, expressed hiB belief that they were going to have D.T. in the houBe again before very long. When invited to play himself, Mr William protested he was innoh too tired ; and yet,, when the others were about to put away their ones, he persuaded them to have one more game, aud still another, until Stanhope declined, point blank. Never had the ycung Squire shown himself bo dco:le to hia. mother, so nffublo to his guests, aa upon that night, nor it may be added, so disinclined for hia own unimproviug sooietv. Was it pos sible that Mr William Blackburn had takeu his mothor'd words to heart at lest, and was about to turn over a new leaf ? 