A HEAL GHOST STORY- I quite believe in the existence of real ghosts, but the ghosts I refer to are chiefly manufactured by ourselves. Like .certain articles ticketed in shop windows, we may label them all, "ourown make." Our own minds, our own fears, our own disturbed and -uneasy consciences have brought them into being. But'they are none the less real, and none the less formidable to us on that account. Perhaps the following narrative, the truth of which in all essential particulars may be fully relied on, will partly explain what I mean. Many years ago a young surgeon was connected with a public hospital in a seaport town in the south of England. During the course of this connexion, a certain patient, a negro, was brought into the institution ; and so came under our friend's professional notice. His observant eye soon discerned that there was something veiy remarkable kin the poor black fellow's skull; but whether the peculiarity thus noticed by hirn was in the shape of the skull, or in some morbid condition of its substance, I do not know now. Neither does it at all matter. The precise state of the patient s head is of no importance to my tale. What is alone of importance is to remember that the doctor's knowledge of its condition had a great effect on himself; and caused him to resolve, if the patient should die, to securp it. In case he failed to preserve the man's life, he determined to possess his head. Events favoured design. Notwithstanding every effort the patient died in the hospital, and after death, by some means of which I never could obtain a clear account, the dead man's head was severed from his body, and passed into the hands of the surgeon who .had desired it, perhaps as a kind of payment for " medicine and attendance." But then came the awkward question how to convey it to his house. _ It would hardly do to walk through the streets with two heads ; one black, in his hands, and the other white—probably very white—on his shoulders. It was not every man, again, who could be trusted to cany such a peculiar parcel for him, especially as the extraordinary nature of the emergency seems to have required such immediate action as to preclude the possibility of anything like careful packing. The issue was, that the ardent young student, hastily wrapping up the severed head in a handkerchief, boldly left the hospital gates with his treasure in his hands, and set off on foot to his house. At first the doctor with his precious but disagreeable burden hastened nervously through the streets, but he soon came to a steep slope up which his path lay. The steep ascent terminated at the top in a still deeper night of stone steps. Up this sharp ascent, and up these arduous steps the two-headed man flew. But alas !—so fate would have it— just at this critical juncture, the unattached head, as we call it, contrived to slip out from the hankerehief, and fell with a horrid " thud " on the steps, bounding up again, and so leaping and descending towards the slope of the foot. Quick as thought the doctor turned, and dashed down the steps in pursuit. But in vain. The head was first on the slope. The head careered down it swiftly and triumphantly. Near the bottom of the slope the door of a decent-looking cottage stood open. Towards this right through it—away out of sight— with headlong speed tbe head went. After it iu despair and terror, with panting breath and dilated eyes—eyes that seemed to see nothing except the one dark object of pursuit—the eager pursuer rushed in. To seize the head as it lay on the floor at the farther end of the room, and to rush out again, to tear away up the slope and the steps ; all this the doctor did more quickly than I can write. He reached his dwelling in safety, and went in : he did as he has desired to do, whatever that was, with the skull: he attended duly to his hospital and other labours, and the whole affair seemed to belong to what the poets call the " dead past." But it is a difficult thing to ascertain when we can really speak of the past as being dead. Even if dead it is not always buried, aud even if dead aud buried both, so aa to be entirely concealed from other men's sight, it by no means follows that the ghost of it will be concealed from our own. Many a conscience-chamber is thus haunted by the spectres of past guilt. Accordingly a short time subsequent to the occurrence described, "a summons came to my medical friend in the ordinary course of his practice, asking him to visit a new patient who was in a veiy bad way. After noting; the name and residence, he set out. Judge of his dismay when he found that he had to go to that very part of the town along which he had travelled once before with the negro's skull in his care; and not only so, but further, that he had to visit the very house through the door of which on that memorable occasion, he had passed so rapidly in and out. There was nothing, however, for it but to go through that same door once again, only this time, if possible, with a deliberation and calmness which should be a perfect contrast to his previous excessive agitation and hurry. He found his patient, a widow of advanced age, in an exceedingly nervous state. To his great relief, however, she did not appear to have the slightest recollection of ever having seen him before. So that he began to think "It's all right ; either she did not see me at all or she does not recognise me." But presently she tolck him that which made his fears again rise. In endeavouring to understand her malady, and making the usual inquiries with that view, he discovered that she had recently experienced a great fright, and that it was in fact, to this fright she attributed her illness. " The thing happened, " she said " in this way." "You mast know,"sir, that my poor dear hus band was a good deal in foreign parts in his ear lier days; and so, sir, I am sorry to say he had something to do with what they call the slave ttade. Often and often, sir, afterwards he used to talk to me about it, and about its wickedness and cruelty, and very uncomfortable in consequence, he often was in his "mind. Well, sir, the other day—I believe it was Tuesday three weeks " (the doctor had private reasons for remembering that day very well)—" I was sitting downstairs all alone, thinking over these things, and feeling very unhappy like in myself, when what should £ see all of a sudden—tbe street door was open, sir, you understand—" The doctor did understand only too well, but thought it best to say, "Oh, indeed!" " Yes, sir, the door was wide open, sir as I said ; and as I sat there thinking and looking, what should I see all of a suddin, as plainly as I see you at this moment, but the gbost of a black man's head come rolling in on the floor ? Oh, it did give me such an awful turn." "Very likely," he replied, not quite knowing what else to say," and what then ?' " Oh, then, sir, there came worse !" " Worse ? What cau you mean ?" He asked this question, I need hardly say, with great curiosity and some alarm, and was all attention to catch her reply. How far that reply proved satisfactory the reader must judge- " Yes. sir" she went on, "there came, worse — § ry much worse—for" (raising herself up and speaking very soleinn'y and distinctly Almost into his ear)," the devil himself rushed in immediately afterwards, caught up the head, aud flew out!"— The St. James Magazine. 