LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. JAMES' CHURCH, TOOWOOMBA. (From the D. D. Gazette, May 4.) The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Jamos' Church, by His Excellency the Governor, took place on Saturday last, in the presence of about 2000 spectators. The pro- cession to the site was formed at St. Luke's Sohool- room, consisting of the Oddfellows, with the bannor of the ordor, and the children of the Sunday School connected with the church, numbering about 300. As they filed in order, they hoisted a profusion of miniature flags and banners, which gave a very charming effect to the view of the procession. On arriving at the ground, the children formed a circle around the platform erected in close proximity to the stone, and waited the arrival of His Excellency and the Bishop. Shortly after the time fixed-viz., 2 o'clock-the Governor and the Lord Bishop of Brisbane left the Royol Hotel, escorted by the Rev. F. C. Jagg, Rev. E. G. Moberly, Rev. E. B. Neville, and the Churchwardens of St. Luke's Church. On His Excellency's arrival at the platform, the following address from the clergy and churchwardons was read by the Rev. F. C. Jagg : " May it please your Excellency, " We, the undersigned ministers, church wardons, and members of the United Church of England and Ireland in Toowoomba, desire to express our loyolty and attachment to Her Gracious Majesty tho Queen, and to your Ex- cellency as her representative, on the occasion of your visit to lay the cornor stone of a build- ing to be dedicated to the service of God. " We have requested this favor at the hands of your Excellency, feeling assured that you not only have at heart the well-being of the colonists, and that you are always ready to ad- vance the interests of the country over which you preside in secular matters ; but that your Excellency can feel and appreciate our motives in the furtherance of our holy religion, and that you countenance, by your action this day, the duties we owe to God as well as to our country. " Although this town has been established many years, Divine service has hitherto been performed in a temporary building, used daily for the education of the young, and it is only now that we have been enabled to commence a permanent building, which we trust may be the means, by the doctrines which shall be promul- gated therein, of turning many a wandering soul to God-to the paths of pleasantness and peace. " May the prayers which shall be here offered up, embodying as they do the solicitations from on high for blessings upon your Excellency, be heard and efficaciously responded to. And we trust your Excellency may enjoy many happy returns of this your natal day, to devote your erengies in promoting the prosperity of the colony, and the happiness of Her Majesty's subjects committod to your charge. - We have, &c;, "F. C. JAGG, Incumbent. " E. Lord, H. Boyle, > Churchwardens." J. Little, His Excellency then read the following reply : " Reverend Gentlemen and Gentlemen, " I thank you heartily for your address just presented, expressing your continued loyalty and attachment to Her Gracious Majesty the Queen, and to myself, as her representative, on the occasion of my attending here to lay the first stone of your church. " I also thank you for your expression of con- fidence in my desire to advance the well-being of the inhabitants of Queensland, and the general interests of the colony, not only in secular, but in religious matters, and it always affords me much pleasure to contribute in any way in my powor to the encouragement of the true worship of God and the spread of the Christian religion. " I sympathise with you in your praise- worthy efforts to raise a structure which shall be exclusively dedicated to Divine worship, and rejoice that you will be no longer dependent on a temporary building which is frequently used for secular purposes. " This day I complete my three score years, and should it please Providence to allow me to survive for the ten years which will accomplish the allotted span of the life of man, I trust each revolving year may bring me the happy informa- tion of your Church being the means of diffusing religion and happiness throughout the district, and again thank you for your kind expressions of good wishes for my future welfare. " Believe me, &c.;, " Sam. W. Blackall, " Governor." At the conclusion of this portion of the cere- mony, the choir sang two verses of the 100th Psalm, and the Bishop then commenced the special service arranged for the occasion. At the conclusion of the 84th Psalm, the following document was signed by the parties taking part in the proceedings :- * St. James' Church, Toowoomba. Tho Corner Stone of the Church in which this scroll is placed, was in accordance with ancient usage, Solemnly laid in due form, by His Excellency Samuel Wensley Blackall, Governor of Queensland, In the presence of, and assisted by The Right Rev. Edwd. Windham Tufnell, D.D., Lord Bishop of the Diocese, The Clergy, Trustees, and Churchwardens, The Mayor of Toowoomba, Chief Officers of State, Members of both Houses of the Legislature, and of the Civil Service, and others. Samuel W. Blackall, Governor E. W. Brisbane, Bishop F. C. Jagg, Incumbent James Taylor, Secretary for Lands Arthur Hodgson, Colonial Secretary Clergy. E. G. Moberty E. B. Neville Churchwardens. Jno. Little E. Lord H. Boyle R. G. Suter, Architect R. Godsall, Builder Members of the Legislative Assembly. R. Ramsay W. H. Groom J. Wonderley, Mayor of Toowoomba A. Gaydon, Mayor of Drayton H. T. Plows, Civil Service. The document, together with a plan of the building, a copy of the Darling Downs Gazette, and a collection of coins, were then placed in a bottle and deposited in a cavity of the stone prepared to receive it. The lime was then spread upon the stone by the Governor, and the stone was gradually lowered to its final bed by three succcasive falls ; and after being placed in its proper position, it was tested by His Ex- cellency with plumb, rule, and level, and being found correct in every particular, three suc- cessive knocks were given by the maul, and His Excellency said-" In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this corner stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Tho Bishop then read the concluding portion of the service, and plates were placed upon the stone, for the reception of offerings in aid of the Building Fund, the choir singing " Christ is made the sure foundation." The Bishop subsequently delivered a brief but stirring address to the children, in which he invited them to join in the work of building a house for the worship of God, and suggested that many little works of adornment and other internal fittings might be provided by the united contributions of the scholars at the Sunday school. Tho total proceeds of the collection amounted to £45. The church will be cruciform, consisting of a chancel with apsidal termination, a nave, and two transepts, with vestry on the north side, preparation being made for an organ chamber on the south, which the funds at the disposal of the committee do not admit at present of being erected. The total length of the church from east to west will bo 79 foot 6 inches, and across the two transepts 63 feet 6 inches. Accommodation will be afforded by this space for 470 sittings, exclusive of those in the chancel, but the pre- sent contract does not include the fittings. The walls will be of brick, with stone dressings and quoins to the doors and windows ; open timbered porches will load to the west and south doors, and the roof will be of open tim- bered work, stained and varnished, surmounted by an open timbered lantern and spire for the bell. Due provision is made for lighting and ventilation in the side walls and roof-the latter being of high pitch. The style adopted is that known as Early English, with special adapta- tion to the requirements of the climate. The inscription on the face of the corner stone is as follows :-" In the name of the Blessed and Undivided Trinity, the Corner Stone of this Church was laid, May 1st, 1869, by His Excel- lency Samuel Wensley Blackall, Governor of Queensland, in dedication of the Church to St. James. E. W. Tufnell, Lord Bishop of the Diocese." Shortly after the conclusion of the above ceremony a public luncheon was given at the Royal Hotel. The tables were laid on the ve- randah at the eastern side of the building, which was enclosed for the occasion, and the " spread" presented a very gratifying and consolatory effect after the pressing trials we had experi- enced from the Bishop in the previous undertak- ing. The company consisted of about sixty persons, and among the number we particularly noticed a very satisfactory representation of the ladies of the district, or, as His Excellency very aptly remarked, the " Darlings of the Downs." 