ORIGINAL STORIES. By a South Australian. (From the Adelaide Observer.) THE RED CREEK MURDER. Although the maxim 'set a black to catch a black,' has never been adopted by the police authorities in this colony, where we have never encouraged reprisals by native constables on native offenders ; yet occa sionally the aborigines have been of great assistance in tracking criminals and discover ing crimes. One of the most brutal murders, for in stance, that was ever perpetrated in a civilized community was brought to light by an aboriginal, through the exercise of a little natural sagacity which would probably have been wanting in a European. " Plenty crow round wombat-hole in scrub ; plenty bad smell 'em make 'long there," was the statement of this blackfellow Micky to a mounted trooper who had employed him to look for the tracks of an escaped prisoner, a horsestealer, who had got away in the course of his journey in custody between Mount Gambier and Wellington. 'And what of that? Why don't you find the tracks, and not go crow-hunting, you old fool ?' exclaimed the irate trooper, whose only thought was about the prisoner who had escaped. 'You go wombat- hole— you find some thing no good,' replied the blackfellow ; and he so insisted upon this that at last the trooper, following his sable counsellor, and accompanied by another native named Jacky, started off for the wombat- hole, which was situated in an intricate part of the scrub, at about 800 yards from the main road. Here Micky pointed out the crows which had attracted his notice, and which were hopping about amongst some withered boughs of trees, which, sure enough, con cealed a wombat-hole. And in this hole, as the native had guessed, there was something unusual hidden. First they saw a piece of calico, which had apparently formed part of a woman's dress, and then there appeared a piece of sacking, from one end of which there protruded some human remains ; yes, a foot— apparently the foot of a woman. Intensely excited, the natives talked rapidly to each other, and pointed with earnest gestures to a low wooden house which stood a long way off near the road, and which was the only tenement within reach— one of those wayside public-houses which look so wretched and uninviting that a traveller would rather pass it than enter it, if it were not for the sake of such little rest and refreshment as might be obtained there. Amongst the words which the natives uttered the only one that could be distin guished by the trooper was the name 'Jane,' and this, they soon explained to him, was the name of a young woman who had lived at the public-house ; but who had lately gone away, as the 'master' said, to a fresh place at Mount Gambier. But the printed calico, the size of the foot (she had been a very large woman), and some other indications proved to the blacks that the missing Jane had been buried in this wombat-hole, and they made no attempt to hide their belief that ' Morgan — him one d——n rascal '— had murdered the unfortunate woman. This Morgan the trooper had heard of before. He was a morose fellow whom nobody liked. He had become the landlord of the public- house by marrying the widow, after having been some time in the service of the husband, who was one morning found dead, and who, it was supposed, had com mitted suicide. Since that time there had been talk about the illtreatment of his wife, who occasionally left him to live for some weeks together with her friends, and who was at the present moment absent on a visit of that kind. Having considered those matters, the trooper sent one of the blackfellows for a sheepfarmer who lived a few miles off, and then proceeded to disinter the body, for such it was — the body, or rather the skeleton— of a white woman, wrapped in an old canvas sack. These remains were placed in the charge of a careful guard, and intelligence was sent to the authorities in Adelaide, whilst the trooper, after having sent the blacks to the next sheep-station, got his clothes changed for the dress of an ordinary labourer, and then walked to the public-house, pretending to be a swagsman on the tramp. Here he found the landlord, who was a youngish-looking man of ordinary appear ance — a man who seemed civil and open enough in his questions and answers, but who accompanied his quiet remarks with a frequent sly and furtive glance, which was calculated to give one the impression of a crafty, malicious mind under a mild, harmless exterior. As the disguised trooper entered the landlord nodded carelessly, and began to talk of commonplace matters in the usual way. He gave the visitor what he wanted in the shape of eatables and drinkables, and then remarked that ' as the mail from 'Wellington would be by presently he must go out and draw some water for the horses.' So locking a little door which opened into the bar he went out, leaving the trooper alone. There was evidently no one else in the house. Presently up came the mail, and the driver, after a few minutes' conversation outside, entered with the landlord. ' No ; you see, we haven't cooked anything to-day,' was the remark of the latter, in answer to some question about dinner, ' for the missis is gone to town, and Jane has taken it into her head to leave all of a sudden.' 'Jane left? Why that can't be, for she told me last time I was here that she ex pected a letter by this mail, and was looking forward to my bringing it.' 'Well, but you see she is gone. A light dray passed with a man and his two daughters, and as she was tired of stopping here alone, she made up her mind to go with them. So she packed up and was off at once.' 'That is strange, to be sure,' ruminated the driver ; 'gone to be married, I suppose, for she must have saved a tidy bit ; least ways, you and the missis was savin' it for her, as she told me a while ago.' ' No,' replied the landlord, 'not much ; you see she was always a drawin' lately, and before she went away I settled up with her regular and square.' During this conversation the trooper had time to look about the place in which they were sitting. It was a roughly-built kitchen, used for eating as well as for cooking purposes, and either the missing servant or some other woman had evidently made it her sitting-room ; for on a side shelf there was some unfinished needlework, and in the same basket which contained it there was a piece of printed calico, exactly of the same pattern as that which had been seen at the wombat hole. Seeing the disguised trooper looking at this very intently, the landlord asked, with some amount of irritability, what he was staring at. 'Why, mate,' he exclaimed, 'anybody would think that you had seen a ghost, you open your eyes so cussed wide.' 'O no ; it ain't likely that such a house as this is haunted,' said the other; 'why should it be ?' At this the mailman laughed, and then, after lighting his pipe, away he went again, thus leaving the unprepossessing landlord and the guest once more to themselves. But the former was moody and taciturn, and seemed as though he would have been glad if the tired swagman had also taken his departure. The enquiries of the mailman had evidently upset him, and towards night he became unmistakably peevish and restless. The visitor therefore affected to be dead tired and exceedingly sleepy ; and, under this pre tence, he rolled himself up by the fire for the night. He had scarcely, however, settled himself when the noise of a soft step was heard out side the door, and presently the voice of a woman (though it seemed a strange one to the ears of the trooper) was heard calling the name of the landlord. He, for his part, was thrown into a violent agitation by this unex pected noise, and he trembled visibly as he stared towards the front door, which still stood open. But if he stared at the sound, how much more did he stare when a tall figure in woman's clothes moved slowly, though without looking in, across the open doorway! He was horror-stricken at the sight. He gasped for breath ; he looked wildly from his guest at the fireplace to this new comer at the doorway, and he looked like a man paralyzed with fear. The constable, too, was rather astounded at this apparition — the tall form of a woman moving silently at night across this supposed scene of a recent murder. But there was something in his first glance at this woman which reminded him of the natives. Either her form or her movements called up this idea, and he felt sure that the blackfellows whom he had sent away in the morning had something to do with this apparition at the Red Creek. But nothing of this sort occurred to the mind of the conscience-stricken landlord. He fixed his eyes on the form at the door as though they would burst from his head. He saw something, too, in the clothing of the woman which troubled him fearfully ; and even when at last the mysterious stranger turned her head and disclosed, under a sun- bonnet, the shiny face of a middle-aged black woman, the miserable man was still unable to regain his composure. 'You old witch — —.' 'Me want Jane ; me bring back clothes for Jane ; lubra no want 'em now,' was the statement which the black woman, with a broad grin on her face, made as she now stood facing the door. But the landlord — not apparently sus pecting any attempt to play upon him— swore a volley of oaths, and told the woman to keep the rags which had been given her, for Jane was gone away to her friends, and would never return again. After this little episode — showing as it did the suspicions of the natives about the place, and the agitated state of the landlord's mind — the trooper felt sure that there was a close connection between the murdered remains which had been found in the morn ing and the people belonging to the public house. He passed the night, therefore, with impatience, and was up at daybreak awaiting the messenger whom he expected to arrive from the police authorities in the more settled districts. And he had not long to wait, for soon a man on horseback, bringing instruc tions from the nearest Telegraph Station, rode up and communicated quietly with the disguised trooper. They then both entered the house, and whilst the landlord was stooping over the fireplace preparing the breakfast, the constable took him by the arm, and said— ' I arrest you, James Morgan, on a charge of murder.' The ghastly look of the night before now again spread over the face of the landlord, and though he muttered out some protesta tions of innocence as regarded any and every crime that might be brought against him, yet he was evidently labouring under some terrible fear. The prisoner was now taken to the wombat hole, where the dead body was shown to him. But he denied all knowledge of the matter, and from that time put on an appearance of hard indifference. He knew nothing about the missing woman, he said ; she went away with a traveller and his family who passed by, and if she had since been murdered he couldn't help it. But this statement was contradicted by innumerable facts. The natives, who had all along suspected foul play, and who had had a great liking for the missing woman, not only found many trifling articles which had belonged to her put away in the out houses of the public-house, but they also found a bundle of good clothes and some boots that had hardly been worn. Why, then, had these things been left behind if the poor girl had gone away to a new situation ? The police, too, found other articles which had belonged to the servant hidden away in the house, whilst a witness came forward to prove that the prisoner had offered some of her things for sale since the girl had disap peared. And then there were signs of foul play in the kitchen of the public-house. Some portion of the wall had been newly whitened, as though to conceal red stains which were found underneath ; and in the yard outside there was thrown aside a large stake, partly covered with blood. By the time, in fact, that the prisoner's trial came on (for the Coroner's Jury had no question as to his committal) there was linked together a chain of evidence which no contradiction or ingenuity could break through. It was true that no human eye had seen this murder committed. It was in the lonely bush, many miles from the resi dence of any other settler ; and there, as the prisoner, no doubt, argued to himself, it would be a matter of the greatest ease to commit this crime without detection. His wife and children were away from home, the labouring man generally em ployed about the place was sent to the next station, and the visits of travellers were few and far between. What could be more easy, then, than to get rid of this woman (whose hard-earned savings were all in his posses sion), and to say that she rode away with a party travelling to Mount Gambier ? She had no relations to enquire for her, and her few acquaintances would be satisfied with anything he might tell them. Such, no doubt, was the way in which the devil instigated the prisoner to this dreadful crime. But easy as the matter seemed, the murder had no sooner been perpetrated than the criminal saw, as it were, a thousand fingers pointing him out to the eye of the avenging angel. He had buried the body deep in the lonely scrub ; but what certainty was there that the wild dogs would not scratch it up? He had made an entry of the girl's departure with the dray people in a diary kept behind his bar ; but supposing it should be discovered that no dray had passed on that day ? Thus his conscience began to torment him the moment the murder had been committed ; and though at intervals he strove to lull himself into a false security, yet his crime was ever before him. Then, too, he was uneasy about the natives, who often see more than a settler might suppose ; and in this case the un easiness was well founded. It was the acute observation of the black man, as we have seen, that first caused attention to be drawn to the crows at the wombat-hole. It was the natives, too, who had first suspected that the missing woman had been unfairly dealt with, and who had taken steps to play upon the superstitious feelings of the mur derer. They knew that his victim had dis appeared suddenly ; they saw that some of her property was left in his hands ; and when, to crown all, Micky made his dis covery at the wombat hole, they were con vinced that he had killed the young woman, and hidden her body in the scrub. And so it was. By a patient investigation the evidence against the prisoner was put together piece by piece, until no Jury could resist the damning proofs of his guilt. He had been left alone with the unfortunate woman — he had owed her money to a con siderable amount— he had failed to account for her sudden disappearance, and though, according to his statement she had gone far away from the neighbourhood, her dead body, bearing signs of injury, was found buried near his own house, whilst much of her property was found secreted in his pos session. ' Guilty,' was therefore the speedy deci sion of the Jury, and the perpetrator of this barbarous crime was hanged by the neck till he was dead. 