AN" ABYSSINIAN FEAST. The Abyssinians are not partial to | water. They have a strong though sour beer, which they make from the dagoushy | grain. Their favourite drink is tej (in Tigre called meese), a harsh but stimulat ing liquor produced by fermentation out of honey. Honey in this country is ex ! ceedingly plentiful and exceedingly good, i and it is chiefly valued as the raw material of tej. The profusion of food and drink at the tables of the chiefs and the large number of followers and daily guests whom they entertained reminded Mr iPlowden of the customs of our Saxon ancestors; and the-resemblance^retween* the two, lie tells us, does notistop at.thiB. " The gates are open in the evening to all: who demand food and shelter in the name of friendship and religion -; rich and poor are seated at one table; in the house of: a great chief public singers chant the legends of their heroes, or receive guerdon, for reciting impromptu stanzas in praise: of their host and his guests ; nor does, the frequent intoxication weaken the likeness." Besides the. numerous feast days appointed by the Church, almost every event of life affords an excuse for eating and drinking: there are real feasts at every wedding; and at a certain time after the burial of a relative even th poorest people are expected" to hold a feast (which often lasts for days), and to furnish to their friends without stint the limited list of Abyssinian delicacies. The priests and seribes encourage these ban quets, and indeed almost live upon them -often foremost in the revel, drinkingto intoxication, leading in the song and dance, without losing self- respect or com promising their sacred character. The materials of a grand banquet are simple: a good supply of cakes made of teff wheat or dagousha meal, the finest sorts being put uppermost in the basket so as to fall to the share of the chief guests, who are served first; an abundance of raw beef; and, after the eating is over, tej ad libitum: The cow, several species of the gazelle or antelope, and in some districts the spayed goat, are the only animals which are eaten raw; but for the broundo, or raw-beef feast, it may be said that the cow alone is in demand. The animal is slaughtered with some ceremony, being thrown down with its head to the east, and having its throat cut in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost . it is flayed almost before the death-struggle is over, and as fast as the skin is drawn away busy hands cut off the eligible bits, which are instantly served to the guests while still warm and quivering. The guest supplied with a strip of beef, hold ing one end of it in his mouth the other in his left hand, cuts bits off with his shotel (a curved knife not unlike a sickle); or attentive servants cram him with large/morsels as fast as, or- faster than he~can'swallow. them. Ali 'srersnp- ' plied with the most careful hospitality, and all eat with voracity until appetite is fairly exhausted. Then, and not till then; it is allowable to drink, and the drinking goes on until the greater number are helplessly intoxicated. One who seems to have made himself quite at home in Abyssinia says that the raw beef is " far tenderer than the most tender joint that that has been hung a week in England and certainly neither the rawness nor_the quantity taken seems to do much harm, Unless the former be responsible for the prevalence of tapeworm. The mode of killing now practised is much less cruel than that described by Bruce as customary at the date of his visit to Abyssinia. Brace's stoiy about the "live steak," which on one occasion he saw cut out of a cow, had not a small share in arousing incre dulity about his descriptions ; but Mr Mansfield Parkyns believes it to be true. He tells us that he repeatedly heard that, it is not uncommon among the GallaS, when on a journey, to cut steaks out of a, cow, and then, covering the wound with the hide, to lay on a plaster of mud exactly Bruce's statement; and also that the same thing is occasionally done by Abyssiiiians. Chambers's Miscellany. The following answer was made to a young lady who had sent her lover a kiss in a letter: Thanks to my little absent friend A kiss you in your letter send; But ah ! the thrilling charm is lost In kisses that arrive by post; That fruit can only tasteful be When gather'd-melting, from the tree! There was a fellow living down East so excessively indolent that once, ^hen'hewas pushed down a hill, he ran on for three days and nights, being too lazy to stop himself^ "I should like to pay you off," as John Bull said to the national debt. r ? . What is the difference between a cashier and a schoolmaster P-One tills the mind and the other minds the till. A lady of " forty," "who buried her fifth husband recently, saj's she " hopes that he is out of his misery." u Who,was the strongest man ?-Jonah : :the whale couldn't hold him after he got him down. Why was the giant Goliath very, .much astonished when David hit him with the stone ? -Such a thing had never entered his Head before. 