Q oL oniaT ýxtranqgt5 _ ANOTHnE PROPOSED VOTE OE CENSURE. -As soon as the Legislative Assembly met yesterday, a message of the Governor was read by the Speaker, in answer to the address of the Assembly dated 26th February, which conveyed to his Excellency the opinion of the House that the Newspaper Postage Act "should be repealed forthwith." The Gover-' nor's message, on the ground that it :could not be the intention of the Assembly that a' bill for the repeal of the Act should be in troduced this session, stating that oni the. next meeting of Parliament, the Govern ment would take anch steps as might be, necessary to carry out the object of the ad dress. Afterwards, when Mr Samuel had moved for.Committee of Supply, Mr Parkes rose and stated that the the above message of the Governor appeareq to him and several other members to be of such an extraordin ary character, such an inroad to Parliamen tary usage, that they felt it to be their duty to have the subject brought into considera tion at the next sitting of the House.-Empire 'March 13th. THE DUKE OFPEDINBUROH.-His Royal Highness accompanied -by* his equerries, drove out yesterday, four-in-hand. The Duke proceeded along his favourite :drive, down Soutn Head Road towards Rose Bay. The party at dinner last evening at Government House consisted of his Royal Highness, his Excellency the Governor, Lord Charles Beresford, R.N., Lieutenant Adol phus Fitzgeorge, R.N., the Right Reverend Dr Barker, Metropolitan; the Chief Justice Sir W. Manning, Q.C., Sir James Martin, Q.C., the HIon; E. . Deas Thomson, C.B., Mr It. H. J. Puity, Captain Rasault, H.I.M.S. Gaichen; Captain Beresford, Mr. Toulmin, and Mr Parkes, M.L.A.-Ibid. H.M.S. GALATEA. - We are informed that H.M.S. Galatea, after leaving this port will proceed to Wellington and Auckland, and his Royal Highness proposes also to visit Lyttclton, Christchurch, and [Iokitika. Arrangements have been made by the Gene ral Government, of New Zealand for an ins pection by their royal visitor of the country in the vicinity of the Waikato, Tauranga, and the lakes. It is probable that the Galatea will call at Norfolk Island; but it is not certain whether he will 'visit "Tahiti, where it is said the iinhabitants are looking forward with anxiety for his arrival. It is intended to visit Japan, and the vessel will probably touch also at Petropaulovski and the Russian settlements on the Amoor River reaching China about the month of Septem ber, and Calcutta in the month of November next. It.is stated that the Duke will remain in India during the cool season, taking his departure thence in February or March, 1870\. Ceylon and Mauritius will be visited on the homeward voyage, and the Galatea will pay"another visit to the Cape of Good Hope, probably reaching home in August, 1870.-Ibid. "As his Royal Highness was driving out to the races on Thursday," reports the Gee Io ig Advertiser " he lost' a very valuable gold ring set with six diamonds and rubies and much valued py his Royal Highness, as it was a present.from his sister. The ring was picked up by an honest man about a quarter of a mile below the George and Dragon Hotel, and by himihanded over: to Mr Superinfendent Bookey, who, on' Satnr day forwarded it to Toorak, where the Prince was staying. The ring was rather damaged, the wheel of a vehicle having run over it; none of the stones, however, were missing. It is a wonder that it was found so quickly, and a rather strange coincideuce that the findershould be named Vial, and first cousin to Mr Vial, of Sydney, who so courageously arrested O'Fairell when attemptitig to assas sinate the Prince."-A blackfellow, known as King Jerry, of Geelong, had a sovereign given him by the Duke of Edinburgh, but it was stolen from him a few minutes after wards by some clever thief who cut the pocket out of his trousers.-Ibid. ROYAL DoNATIoNs.-We perceive from the Melbourne papers that his Royal High. ness the Duke of Edinburgh has transmitted through his Excellency Sir H. Manners Sutton, Governor of Victoria, the sum of 1.150, to be divided equally among the fol lowing Melbourne institutions-the Sailors' Home, the Prince Alfred Memorial, and the Society for the Rehef of the Educated Poor. A SCIIEMEE.-- Some short time since a person who represented himself to be a Sydney merchant paid Yass a visit for the purpose of disposing of a quantity of drapery and fancy articles. He engaged the services of an auctioneer, and one or two sales were held. Since the merchants' departure con siderable anxiety has been shown about him. The buggy and horses he travelled with be longed to Mr Buchan Thomson, of Bligh street, Sydney and that gentleman has been very iuquisitive as to the movement of his patron. It is stated that warrants for the apprehension of the merchant for frand have been issued in Victoria, one from Ballarat, but we have not heard whether they have been presented.-Yass Courier. THE COUNT VoN ATTENMs.-A Batavian paper of November 29 states that an attempt wasmadeby the "Count Von Attems," whose real name is Kurt Schmalz, to escape from the jail at Surabaya; he was disguised in the clothing of his servant, and had got as far as the outer gate of the prison when a Javanes watchman laid hold of him, and with the assistance of the military guard' brought him back to his place of confinement. It is also stated in another paper that the Hamlet's Ghost was sold at public auction on December 4., for 2500 guilders, which is about £208. FREEa SELECTORs' RIGHTS.-In answer to the question whether the Government in tended to bring in this session a bill fo define the rights fo free selectori Mr Forster said yesterday, that as recent decisions in courts of law had removed the pressing necessity for immediate legislation on the subject, no :bill would be introduced this session. The free selectors graizing 'right has been estab lished by the Supreme Court. TnHE>LAST M11ALE ABORIGINAL ow TAS MANIA.-The remains of the last male abo riginal of Tasmania has been consigned to the grave. The following extract from the Hobart Town Mercury gives a sketch of the life of'Billy Lanne, erroneously called Wil liam Lanney, and the particulars of.his de mise:-He was born at Coal River, about the year 1829, and was partly educated at the Queen's Asylum. When resident at the Oyster Cove station, he with other blacks, frequently taken out by' the whalers, and thus accquired a partiality for a sea.faring . life. He and his compeers were invaluable in early days to the whaling masters; as their great power of vision made them excellent mast headsmen, and they were athletic,. and active on boat service. On the death of his sable brethren, "'King Billy" as he was fre quently called, did not remain long on the station, but shipped regularly as a :whaler out of this port. He went several voyages in the. Aladdin, and was very populalramong the seamen' as a' good-natured, jolly, fellow,; and an anusing companion. He was not particularly proud of his ancestry, when his portrait was taken by Mr Woolley, in 1866. for the intercolonial exhibition he objected to the photograph as being "too black for hi m. He was however, a pure bred 'Tasmaniah aboriginal and as black as a sloe.: 'Some time ago Billy proceeded to' England; and it was intended that he should be presented :to her Majesty, but we are not aware whether this intention was ever carried out. :'He was however, on the Regatta ground in January, 1868, when his Royal Highness the, Duke of Edinburgh patronised that festival, 'and, attired in a blue suit, with a gold lace band around his cap he was presented to the Prince who received him with kindly' consideration. Billy shipped for the last time on' board the barque Runnyinede, on the 14thli March, 1 1868 andhaving made the voyage in her re turned about a fortnight ago. He had made flesh very fast while at sea,. and on landing was fat and unhealthy. He had an 'unfor tunate propensity for beer and rum, and was seldom ever sober when on shore. He was paid off on Saturday, 28th .February,:wheii r he received a balance of wages an'd''lay amounting to £12 13s 5d.: He he. too uli - his residence at the Dog and Partridge , t public-house, at the corneri of Goulbl~rn and Barrack streets, and died from the severe ' attack of English cholera. OPENING OF ST PAUL'S CIURCH, COOMA. \--The Anglican Church of St. Paul's, Cooma, was formally opened for Divine worship on Sunday last by the Rev. T. Druitt, Church of England pastor of this district, assisted by the Rev. Mr Soares, of Queanbeyan. A detailed description of this neat and commodious place of worship has already appeared in these columns. There was a very large congregation present, larger than has been assembled in Cooma for a considerable time past. The dedication service was read by the Rev. T. Druitt. The Rev. Mr Soares preached an eloquent and very impressive sermon, taking his text from the twentieth chapter of St. Luke; verses 45 and 46. The rev. gentlemen, after ilis coursing for a time upon the subject of'his text, eventually referred to the building they had that day assembled to dedicate to the worship of God. He spoke of the debt due on the building, and congratulated the members of the Church of England in this district, that it was not so large as to prevent them from speedily paying it off. He earnestly, exhorted those present to exert themseles in the work, and had no doubt that before long they would be enabled to complete the interior, as also the exter- nal improvements. Collections were mhiade at both morning and evening services, and, we believe a fair amount contributed. The :singing of the choir was much admired, a great improvement being noticed. With continued practice : and 'study the choir at St. Paul's Church will undoubtedly become a very creditable one.- Monaro Mercury. BREDBO BRIDGE.-We have been shown a letter from Mr Grahame, in which it is sta ted that £1700 -has been appropriated for the p'urpose of 'erecting a bridge across the Bredbo river. We must 'give our member' due credit for this, and we hope that he will urge the Minister for Works to call for ten ders as soon as possible.-Ibid. KEROSENE EXPLOSION AT KIAMA.'- 'THE AMERICAN CREEK WORKS BLOWN UP.-Thursday, March 11 :-News reached town yesterday (Wednesday); that the Kero- sene Works at the American Creek, near Wollongong, were blown up. I believe that all the machinery and buildings were des.. troyed. The works went under the name of the Pioneer Kerosene Works, and were the property of Mr John Graham, of Sydney. No lives were lost. The estimated damage'' is'about £500. It is stated that Mr Edward Graham is slightly burned.-Correspondent to Empire.-The Illawarra Mercury of Fri day last conveys a few particulars as to the fire at the American Creek. It appears that Mr Graham entered the room with a lantern which was.left bui'ning until a gaseous vapor Which issues from the .still when at work, became ignited, and in an instant the whole place was in a blaze. It is possible that the fire would not have spread so rapidly but for one of the men about the place who threw a pail of~ water on the fire, which scattered it in all directions. The inflam.. mable nature of the material soon caused the whole structure to be burned. There was about 600 gallens of oil consumed, which was valued at £40, and the building which cost about £60, making a total loss of £100. FIT ROnM TICKL1NG.-On Friday after noon some girls aged about 18 or 20 years, got playing on Hyde Park, where one com menced to tickle the other till she fell into a violent fit, in which she remained some time. Several persons went to her assistance and succeeded in bringing her round to' consciousness. "Persons indulging in this kind of thing should beware that they do not go too fai.-Ibid. Tua MEnrlPTIcosEvION.*-By thiBs novel and peculiar name, which signifies the vapor dispeller, Mr J.J. Lachaume, of Maitland;' has introduced to the public a'new patent article of furniture, which promises to add much to the comfort to be secured during I the summer months inthis warm climate. It I is, in fact, a compound revolving fan. Four fans made of 'feathers are fixed in a frame attached to a'horizontal'arm, which projects from a hollow pillar of brass. This pillar tests on a circular chamber, containing the mainspring of the instrument.= When wound up with a key, it will work.on for some hours. Screws attached to the different parts of the instrument enable the person using it to adjust the height of the fairs, and to regulate the speed of the motion. It, may be miide to revolve, over the middle of a card table, over the ,pillow'of a-couch': or cradle, or over the head of a chair; so that in any position that may be preferred one can enjoy the comfort of a gentle breeze dri ving away mosquitoes and other annoyances. Mr Lachaume has one of these ingenious instruments on view at the Hotel do Frahce' near the corner of .King aind George streets. The invention which has evidently been:the result of much thought and careful adjust mcnt,'is patented. :And certainlythe inven tor has been considerate of the requirements of the country in the summer.time, in, thus providing a convenient and acceptable means of protection against annoyances.-Empire. MYSTERIOUS OccuRRENCE -As the last steamboat was crossing to the'North' Shore,: about midnight on Saturday, the officer in charge heard a splash, as if somebody. had fallen ovcrboard, and ordered the engineer to stop the vessel. There were two little girls, named Robcrtson, in the cabin who asserted that a man had :fallen overboard, and the vessel was turned back, but nothing could be seen. .A man,, wearing a:,white coat, had been seen standing on'the wharf just before the ferry-boat left, but . neither Messrs W. Dind, Cubitt,.and other passen gers saw him on board. A: suspicion which' was a very natural one, but was not sustained by inquiry, arose in the first instance,'that the splash' might have been occasioned, by the fall of a bundle, or something.of the kind, belonging to a female passenger, who was in a state of intoxication on board, but' the statement of the girls as to the man fal-. ling in -the water 'are so positive that it is desirable that the mystery should be cleared tip as soon as possible. The girls, however, have been subjected to a close examination, and persist that they saw the man throw his arms upwards and jump or. fall into the wa ter. From the immediate disappearance of the man, it is conjectured that he carried some heavy weight on his person.-Ibid. SUNDAY EXERCISE IN HYDE PARK.- 'he weekly services held in Hyde Park on Sunday afteenoone '"re not unfrequently productive of considerable amusement as well as instructive to the congregations 'as sembled:; Yesterday afternoon 'after one of the customary,6rators had allowed the fiery flow of 'his elojuence to vent itself freely and without ;restraint for a period of about three quarters 'of an hour, a cursory survey around convinced him that his apparently attentive audience were nearly all holding converse with each, other,, utterly regardless of the. thread of his discourse. He thereupon requested them to desist, representing' that it was rather hard on him to have to use such': strenuous exertions to' makethem'heed him. " Why don't yer leave off then'?" shouted a no doubt perverted individual in' the crowd, "-we've had 'enougd of. you I" "'Have you, indeed ?" rejoined the orator,. with a glance withering contempt; " perhaps you have- but I interns going on as, long as I like for all that. I can't'please everybody." "No," cried another scoffer, "-'you're like the old man and the ass--you- came out to please .everybody, but have pleased nobody." 'This exposition of the views entertained by 'the crowd to the value of' the. oration to which •they had been treated, was received with loud laughter. The orator, however, was not in the least discouraged but proceeded with his harangue, accompanying. it with such vocal and bodily exeitions as caused the prespiration to stream from every pore.,of' his skin, and had the effect of causing many of his auditors to entertain serious doubts of; his sanity.-Ibid. At a meeting convened by' the mayor of Goulburn last Monday, a large and in fluential committee was appointed to pre pare a public demonstration on opening' the railway. 