POLICE. —♦— CITY COURT. MONDAY, AUGUST 16. (Before Messrs. Call, P.M., Rawlings, Hurst, Alston, and Curtain, J.P.'s.) MINOR OFFENCES.—Peter Anderson and Robert Coates were charged with cheating at cards. George A. Kitts, a lad about sixteen years of age, stated that he was in the Rich- mond-paddock on Saturday last during the football match, and lost the sum of £3 5s. to two mates of the prisoners at a game with three cards. He afterwards saw the prisoners sharing the money with the card-sharpers. The Bench remanded the prisoners for one week. Coates was allowed bail on his personal security for £20.—Francis Moore, charged with assaulting Andrew Hannigan, a ticket porter on the Melbourne and Suburban rail- way, was fined 20s., with 20s. costs.—James Greaves was fined £3 or, in default, ten days' imprisonment for using threatening language in the street.—George Jones was fined 10s., or three days' imprisonment, for indecent behaviour in the street.—Charles Best and Thomas Morrow were charged with commit- ing a breach of the peace. Best was fined 10s., and Morrow 20s.—Jane Tracy, charged with being a disorderly character, was sent to gaol for three days. STEALING A WATCH.—Joseph Collins was charged with stealing a silver watch and chain from Joseph Haas, on the 31st of January last. The prosecutor was a German tailor, and appeared to have got drunk with the prisoner and another person, named Marlow. He could not say when his watch and chain was stolen. John Marlow, a tailor, residing in Lonsdale-street, recol- lected the prosecutor being at his house on the 31st January ; he got drunk, and he turned him out of the house. The prisoner went into the yard after him, and shortly after- wards left. John Purcell, the landlord of the Mechanics' Arms Hotel, Little Collins-street, stated that the prisoner brought the chain and locket to him for sale for 30s. about the end of February last. He left it for a day or two, and then took 15s. for it. Detective Christie stated that he brought the prisoner from Pentridge on habeas. On the way to the lockup the prisoner admitted selling the locket and chain to the last witness, but said that he had bought them from a dealer. The prisoner pleaded "Guilty." He was already under sentence of two years for stealing a gold watch from a Mr. Craig, of Ballarat. He was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment, with hard labour. LARCENY.—John Donnelly was charged with stealing a pair of boots from the shop of Mr. Thomas, in Bourke-street. The prose- cutor did not appear, but a Mr. Solomons, who saw the theft committed, gave evidence against the prisoner, who was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. REMANDS.—James Bastolo, charged with vagrancy, was remanded to make inquiries of the Portuguese consul.—William K. Shaw was charged with fraud. The prisoner ob- tained an advance from Mary Fennell on a cheque for £3 on the Bank of Australasia, purporting to be signed by D. Cairns, which on presentation was discovered to be a for- gery. On the application of Inspector Kabat, the prisoner was remanded until the next day.—Ellen Hill was charged with using threatening language to a German barber with whom she was living, and remanded for a week for medical inquiry. DISCHARGES.—Thomas Hays, a private sol- dier in the 14th Regiment, charged with in- sulting behaviour in the streets, was dis- charged, as the prosecutor did not appear. Edward Johnston, alias Ligar, charged with insulting behaviour, was cautioned and dis- charged. SANDRIDGE.—On Monday—before Messrs. Mollison, Swallow, and Thomas—James Farrell, charged with insulting behaviour, was fined 10s., or forty-eight hours' imprison- ment.—George Wilson, a man of about thirty, having the appearance of a "loafer," was charged with indecently assaulting Louisa Bindon, aged seven years and ten months. The child, a very intelligent and pretty little girl, was sworn, and gave her evidence in a very straightforward satisfactory manner to the effect that, at about five o'clock on Sunday afternoon, while she was sitting on a hand- truck at the Sandridge railway station wait- ing until her father arrived in order to give him his tea, the prisoner went up and sat down beside her. He did not speak, but, after giving her some figs and ginger- bread, he took indecent liberties with her. In the meantime, the train had come in, and the child's father, being engine driver, saw the child on the prisoner's knee. He ran up, took away the child, and gave the prisoner a blow in the face, asking him what he was doing. The prisoner did not reply, and appeared quite stupid. He was allowed to go, and was not arrested till next day in Melbourne. No offence beyond that de- scribed was committed. The prisoner, who pleaded "Not Guilty," but reserved his de- fence, was committed for trial at the next General Sessions to be held on the 1st Sep- tember. The prisoner asked if the case could be dealt with by the Bench, but was informed that it could not. The prosecution was conducted by Detective O'Rourke, and the prisoner was undefended. FITZROY.—On Monday, the presiding magis- trates were Mr. Harker (chairman), Messrs. Mayne, Delbridge, Michael, and Levy. A boy named Alexander Trotter was sentenced to twenty-four hours' imprisonment, for throwing stones in the streets. The defend- ant, along with several other boys whom the police had been unable to find out, had been practising with "shanghais" at the fowls of other persons.—A man named John Smith was brought up on suspicion of having stolen four glasses, a pair of scissors, &c.; A constable met him very early in the morning, carrying the articles in question inside his shirt, and as he was unable to give a satisfac- tory account respecting them, locked him up. The defendant had offered the constable 2s. to let him off. As no owner had been found for the articles the defendant was remanded until next court- day.—William Byrne was charged with having stolen three carriage lamps, one sledge hammer, three screw- plates, three wrenches, two axles, two boxes, &c.;, from his employer, Samuel Curtis, coach- maker, of Fitzroy. The articles were missed on the 4th inst., after the prisoner had left Curtis's service. The prisoner, who had given himself up to the police, pleaded "Guilty." It appeared that he had been over two years with Mr. Curtis, and that his only fault had been his giving way to drink at times—the cause of his present crime. He was sen- tenced to fourteen days' imprisonment.— A cab driver named Charles Byrne, was fined 5s., and 2s. 6d. costs, for using insulting language to Mrs. Sophia Yeo- man, and 5s. and 2s. 6d. costs for assaulting the same person. Some woman seemed to have cheated the defendant out of his fare last Saturday week, and, unfortunately for himself, he mistook the complainant for her. When driving along the street he noticed Mrs. Yeoman, and, jumping out of his cab, seized her by the arm with the view of drag- ging her to his cab, and at the same time used strong language. The defendant now ad- mitted his mistake and was dealt with as stated.—Stone v. Stone was a case in which a carpenter and windowsash maker charged his wife with breaking his windows. The defendant had been separated from the complainant, and was allowed a weekly sum for maintenance, the money being paid through this court, and it was stated that she had commenced proceedings to obtain a divorce. The husband was very willing that she should succeed in the suit, but, in the meantime, objected to being annoyed. What led to the present action was her going to the complainant's shop and deliberately smashing the window with an auger. The defendant, by her demeanour in court, led the Bench to believe that she was not fit to take care of herself. In cross- examining a witness for the complainant who denied ever having spoken to her, she alleged that he followed her about, and called out after her. "Whererever I go" she said. "I see his ghost." She complained that all the maintenance she got was "a loaf"—for the 15s. a week she got by coming to court only amounted to that, and left her destitute of a home or habitation. "I am publicly annoyed," she went on to say. "I would be happy to set him at liberty, and be at liberty myself. If I am poor, I am honest. You are trying what you can do to bring me to de- struction. I am as you see me—clean and wholesome." Mr. Harker directed that the case should stand over until Thursday, and that the defendant should be examined by a medical man as to whether she ought to be at liberty or not. He had his own doubts about it. The following transfers of licences were granted :—Calthorpe Hotel, Elizabeth Russell to Feltham B. Watson ; Exchange Hotel, Charles Roberts to Martin Brennan ; and Birmingham Hotel, Edward T. Lakeman to Elizabeth Reid. A colonial wine licence was granted to Henry Ward. HEIDELBERG.—On Monday—before Mr. Strutt, P.M.—Peter Anderson, an old offender, was charged by the police with being drunk and disorderly. Fined 10s., or forty-eight hours' imprisonment, with an in- timation that on the next complaint he would be sent to trial as a confirmed drunk- ard.—Mathew Embery, Martha Embery, and Wm. Hubbard, of Templestowe, were charged by Thos. Fennell, in the employ of Messrs. Perry, with violently assaulting him. Com- plainant was so deaf that every question had to be submitted to him in writing. lt ap- peared that on the evening of the 4th of August Fennell was in search of his wife and children, who had left him, and believing they were in Embery's house, he went in and searched even the bedroom. On being asked what he wanted, and ordered to go out, he took no notice of what was said, but con- tinued peering about. Embery pioceeded to eject him, when a child being trodden upon, its cries brought Mrs. Embery to the rescue, and Fennell received some rather rough treat- ment. The case was dismissed, with a written caution to Fennell that on any future search for his wife he should take some one with him who was not deaf, or he might get him- self into worse scrapes.—On the application of C. Ashmore, the licence of the Upper Yarra Hotel was transferred to Louis Le- compte, of Melboume. PRAHRAN.—At this court on Monday—be- fore Messrs. Templeton, Crews, Carter, and Thompson—a woman named Eliza Nesbitt, alias Tait, was charged with larceny from the person. Wm. Fowler, the prosecutor, deposed that he was a sailor, and on Saturday after- noon last he met the prisoner, with another female, in Bourke-street, and after drinking together agreed to accompany them home, and taking with them a bottle of rum, they took a car, and drove to a house in South Yarra. Prosecutor had then £25 in two purses (one containing £18) two loose notes in his pocket, and the remainder, partly silver, in the second purse. He gave the prisoner a note on the Saturday night and remained the day following. The money was right up to noon, when he went to sleep, and on awaking in the afternoon missed the purse containing the lesser amount and also the two loose notes. Saw one of the women in the yard counting money, and rushing out snatched several coins from her hand, one or two of which he said he had had in his possession for several months, and could identify. This, however, he failed to do, and no other evidence being produced, the prisoner was discharged, the police magistrate telling her she had had a narrow escape, and the prosecutor that he had got off very well in not losing the larger amount as well amongst the company he kept.—Peter Begg and Edward Diamond were fined 5s. for having been drunk and dis- orderly.—Mary Anne Crooke, charged with lunacy, was committed to the Yarra Bend Asylum.—Joseph Pickering was fined 40s., or one week's imprisonment, for spilling nightsoil on the street. The remainder of the business consisted of small debt cases, none presenting anything noteworthy. 