THE GHOST AND THE CHIGNON. A CHRISTMAS STORY, BY OLD BOOMERANG. A JIGGY little song, (which I have often sang in my boyhood,) descriptive of the personal qualities of a fashionable belle of the day, began thus, "Nancy Daw- son is so fine; she lies in bed till eight or nine;" and it finished up with the bold assertion, "There's none like Nancy Dawson." Miss Nancy must have looked very fascinating after she was up and dressed, if the testimony of her poet- aster is to be credited; though lying in bed till eight or nine, is certainly not conducive to natural bloom on a maiden's cheeks, nor is it indicative of careful habits. If the inimitable Nancy is still alive, she must be get- ting old, and doubtless she can see the folly of her youthful whimsicalities, and her early disregard of healthful rules. It is possible she may be in this colony, (for many extraordinary characters have come here); if so, I should like to meet with her, to hear some of her reminiscences of gay life when she was (if the song be true) the finest girl in the known world. It would be a nice little recreation for me to escort the old dame through the most frequented parts of our city some fine afternoon, and to elicit her opinion on the costumes of the fashionable belles we met, in contrast with the style she herself adopted in her young days. She could not fail to remark that there are many handsome girls in Sydney, and that they dress very expensively; but I fancy she would, at the same time, deprecate their extreme taste for some of the absurdities of fashion, and their general disregard for simple neatness. if the aforesaid old song could be modified without infringing copyright, or seriously affecting the rhyme, it might, a short time ago, have been appropriately sung in Sydney, "There's none like Susan Dedripe," for she was always first to exhibit the "newest thing out," from the flimsiest little morsel miscalled a bonnet, down to the highest heeled boots in the trade, except those that are especially made to order for poor club-footed customers. In those exciting times (happily gone, perhaps for ever,) when crinoline threatened to make the whole male population take to the roads for want of walking space on the path- ways, Susan's "crinny," was a sixty-hooped skeleton, or the largest size imported;—such a shocking big one that even those unscrupulous little touters, the omnibus boys, were scared at its tremendous breadth, and invariably called out, "full inside," whenever Susan hailed them. When crinoline went out and trailing skirts came in, Susan went to extreme lengths, despite the insinuation of her brother Sam, that she looked like "Mother Bunch," when her dress was brailed up in walking trim. It was the height of fashion, and that was her element. She gloried in the fact that she was a show, and even had the temerity to say, that "she did not care for Punch's staff." It was comforting to many sober-minded Pater- familias when chignons first came into use, for they were of modest dimensions, and were rather fanciful in design too, especially the sausage-roll, and the bul- lock's-kidney pattern; but any pattern would have been preferable to the loose, untidy style which had been all the rage. Of course very few men, in the early days, even suspected that chignons were not the honest hair of the fair wearers; but the secret pre- sently leaked out that those hairy wads, waich had been pleasingly substituted for the terrific, Fijian frizzles, were mere shams—the cunning work of mer- cenary barbers, and their emissaries. The disclosure turned the whole masculine world aghast; but when the wits had somewhat recovered themselves, they began the pen and ink war, which is still raging against that great social grievance, for particulars of which see Punch and the leading Reviews of the day. Susan's first chignon was not bigger than a moderate sized potato; but as the fashion intensified she grew bolder in the dimensions of her top- knot, regardless of the judicious reasoning of her brother, the jokes of little boys and great wits, or the practical warnings of entomologists. Susan had been fashionably educated, and was con- sidered highly polished. She could play the piano to perfection, in the opinion of those who liked music which ordinary persons could neither understand nor tolerate. She was a most fascinating dancer, in fact, dancing was her delight, and she knew all the new polkas of the day. "Tommy Dodd" had not arrived in the colony at the date of my story—namely, the beginning of the present year, 1869. It would not be polite to mention Susan's age, even if I knew it; but I may say, that she left school nine years ago last Christmas. On New Year's eve Susan went to a grand party at her aunt Triplet's, at Woollahra, where she danced with several of the beaux of the evening; and her graceful movements excited both admiration and envy. I have not sufficient knowledge of modern drapery to fully describe her dress; suffice it to say it was all "quite new," including her chignon, which was as large as a Samoan cocoa-nut. She was led to the supper table by young Sandy Mac Fight, of the Highland brigade; and it was remarked by some of the matrons present that he paid her more than common attention: they hoped it would be a match, for he had money, and great expectations beside. Sandy was a handsome fellow even in ordinary dress, and much pleasant spe- culation was indulged in, by certain of his fair friends, as to how he would look when his new kilt arrived from London. The party broke up about one o'clock, and brother Sam drove Susan home in his dogcart. He observed that she was yawning all the way, for she was very weary, and no wonder, considering how she had whirled about all the evening. She was half inclined to lie down without disencumbering herself of her outward adornments, when she retired to her chamber; but to recline comfortably on a pillow, with her new chignon on, was as impracticable as it would be for a ticket-porter to take a refreshing nap with a bale of corks on his head; she therefore hastily undressed herself, then put out her light and got into bed. But she could not get to sleep very soon, for a peel of cast- iron bells, in a tower not far off, were jangling out their greeting to the new year, influenced by half a dozen enthusiastic ringers, who were pulling at the bell-ropes, like sailors in a "southerly burster." A lot of noisy boys in the street, too, were beginning the year, as they probably meant to go through it, by being anuisance to their neighbours. Their pastimes, on the occasion, were knocking and ringing at the doors of private houses, blowing tobacco smoke through the key-holes, and chalking 1869 on the window shutters. Susan is not certain how long she lay awake, but it was long enough to think over all the soft sayings of Sandy Mac Fight during the evening, and also to make up her mind what she would say to him, if his next conversation with her should be of a more decided character. Suddenly her bedroom door was opened, and in glided a tall, thin, female figure, clad in a single white robe, which reached to her toes. Although there was no candle burning, the room was as light as day, and Susan could see that the stranger was nearly bald, and that she looked very poorly: Susan tried to ask, in a sharp tone, "Who are you ma'am, and pray what do you want in my bedroom?" but she could not articulate a word, so she lay and gazed with trembling astonishment at the mysterious figure, which was looking in the glass, and rubbing her thin hands over her bare head, making a peculiar, raspy sound, like what is produced by a blacksmith scratching his chin, with a fortnight's beard on it. Presently she turned round and exclaimed, with a sigh and a shud- der, "O, it is very cold this morning!" If Susan had not been tongue-tied she would have tartly told her to go home to bed, instead of wandering about in that indelicate costume, The stranger paused a minute, as if in expectation of a reply to her propo- sition, then turning again to the dressing table she took up Susan's chignon; and after smelling it, and examining it closely, she grew terribly excited, and began to pull the thing to pieces, like a hawk tearing the life out of a little chicken. It was naturally trying to Susan's quick temper, to see seven-and-sixpence wasted in that wilful manner; to behold her bran new chignon torn to atoms, as savagely as if it had been made out of the tail of a mad dog; and her first impulse was to jump out of bed and expel the mischievous intruder by main force— for Susan was a strong girl, but to her horror she found she could not move a limb; so there she lay, silent and motionless, while the vicious looking stran- ger continued her work of demolition, without noticing Susan's excitement. "That is mine; I can declare to it," muttered the figure, taking a portion of nut- brown hair from the middle of the chignon, and putting it into her bosom. "That is my hair, without doubt; but oh! it is woe- fully injured by that horrid barber's frizzing apparatus. And this is mine too; and that is—ugh! that's a bit of squatter's beard. Poo! phoo! how it smells of tobacco! And this is——" "How dare you insinuate that there is such a thing as a man's beard inside my chignon!" interrupted Susan, whose tongue suddenly broke loose at that shocking affront, though she was still unable to move an inch from where she lay. The figure turned, round, and looking full at Susan's face, said solemnly, "Think you it is not most grievous for me to find my once bright, beautiful hair, toussled up with the sweepings of a barber's floor?" "What do you mean?" asked Susan, now trembling violently. "Pray tell me who you are, and explain the cause of this extraordinary visit to my chamber, uninvited." "Listen, then, and I will tell you;" said the figure, holding up its fore-finger, which was a very bony one. "Twelve months ago, this very night, I died—" "Died!" shrieked Susan, making an effort to faint away, but could not do it. "Then do you mean to say you are a ghost?" "Yes, unfortunately, I am a ghost. But listen to my story; and first of all let me tell you why I have taken the liberty of entering your apartment so un- ceremoniously. You need not be alarmed, my dear; I will not hurt you. Listen! A few weeks ago two vile men, with a dark lantern and a sack, invaded my subterranean lodgings, and cut off all my hair. You see they have left me as bald as that knob on the top of your bedpost. I had a beautiful head of hair, Miss, and I own I was proud of it. I see you have very fine hair too, and I leave you to fancy how you would feel if it were all torn off your head by savage hands. Those dreadful men thrust my glossy curls into their sack, with other scalps that they had stolen, some of which had had untidy owners. I will be brief, for I see I am shocking your nerves with my recital. I re- solved to recover my stolen property, and I searched all the low barbers' shops in the city till I found out the identical shaver who bought my hair from the robbers. By a process which I must not explain to you, I have traced part of my hair to your possession. Pray don't be so shocked, my dear; I do not accuse you of robbing me; you are innocent of that fraud, though you are certainly guilty of coveting more hair than nature has bestowed on you; and so are the other ladies whose head-stuffing I must pick to pieces, in order to recover what belongs to me. I will perse- vere in my nocturnal search until I recover every single hair that I have lost. I shall have to go to Melbourne for part of it, but that will not inconveni- ence me. Two young ladies left by the "Rangitira," last Tuesday, with new chignons on, just like yours only not so big, and they were made up partly with my hair, and partly with the wool of poor old Wingle, the blackfellow, who lies not far from my place. I have punished the barber by planting soft corns on his toes, and a polypus in his nose. It would not be modest of me to follow the robbers about, you know; but old Wingle's ghost, who is very indignant at hav- ing his wool stolen and turned to such a use, has promised me to dance a corroborree in their bedroom every night until he drives them crazy." "Ow—ow—ow—ow—o-o-o!" moaned Susan, in absolute terror at the ghastly story. "Hush, my dear! Don't be frightened: Wingle won't visit you. Listen while I finish my sad tale and then I will vanish, for I fancy I am not welcome here. Last Boxing-day was twelvemonths, I went to Manly Beach with Sandy Mac Fight, of the Highland bri- gade." "Sandy Mac Fight, did you say!" interrupted Susan, with a vehemence which made the ghost jump. "Yes, that is the name of my faithless one. But pray don't stop me again so sharply. Listen! I must be very short, for I begin to smell daylight. We went to Manly in the Phantom steamer. We rambled to Fairy Bower, and whilst sitting on a rustic stool in that romantic retreat, Sandy told me of his love, in tones more musical than his bagpipes. He praised my voice, he praised my face, and my figure also; but he especially praised my hair." "O the rogue! He praised me in the same wheed- ling way this very night, on a rustic seat in aunt's balcony!" exclaimed Susan, whose jealous ire for a moment overcame her terror. "Hush! Don't get so excited, but listen," said the ghost, in a dreadfully hollow tone. "He told me that he loved me, and he drew out my confession of a passion for him, which I had cherished in my young heart ever since the last review in the Domain. The evening was cloudy, and the sea- breeze blew in moist gusts as we returned, and I was lightly clad. I had put on a new bonnet that morning—one of the latest style, the exact size of a double dahlia; it was made by Madame Considere of George-street. I was pas- sionately fond of fashion—alas! I loved it too well, and sadly I have suffered for it. I caught a cold in my head; nevertheless I went to a ball that night in a book-muslin frock, made very low in the neck and shoulders. I was always considered a graceful dancer, and I doated on it. I polkaed that night with more than usual activity, for I was, half mad with earache. The exercise made me warm, and Sandy led me into the balcony to cool. I caught another cold in my bosom, and the next day I was in bed, with two doc- tors in attendance. They spared no pains with their remedies, and I naturally shrieked under them. In a moment of delirious abstraction, I called aloud for Sandy, when my excellent aunt, thinking it was proper to give me a timely caution, whispered softly in my ear, that Mac Fight had a wife and three bairns in Kirkcaldy." "Wife and three brats! O, the wicked deceiver! O, the horrid man!" shrieked Susan, now fairly over- come by her outraged feelings. "He half made me an offer to night." "Hush! men are all wicked. Listen another minute. The harrowing news was too much for me, with two blisters on my chest, and a seton in my neck; and on New Year's eve I died of a broken heart, congested lungs, and inflammation of the brain. You see what I am now," added the ghost, again rubbing its head, and growing wrathfully yellow. "I was once as graceful a figure as ever bowed under the Grecian-bend, and look at me this morning, a mere shadow. Modish dress and Mac Fight have been my ruin. At the door of that perfidious man I lay my death, for his flattery led me up to the pinnacle of fashion, from which I fell; and I'll haunt his house till I scare him out of it; I will haunt his next house till he moves again, and again,—in short—he shall be perpetually moving, till he is ruined by the costs of furniture vans. Then I will search the vain world over, till I discover the mischievous women who first invented butterfly bonnets, tip-nose hats, and low necked frocks. I feel bound by duty to my poor deluded, sun-burnt sex, to punish those mercenary fashion-mongers; and I vow by these bristles on my scull, I'll scratch their—" "Wah! wah! wah! hoo-o-o!" roared Susan, so loudly, that the ghost stopped its vengeful speech, and trembled into vapour. "Susan! Susan, my dear girl! Whatever is the matter with you?" shouted brother Sam, staggering into the room, with his face as pale as his night-cap. "You have nearly scared me into fits with your shrieking." "O dear, dear me!" gasped Susan, sitting up and rubbing her eyes open. "Mercy 'pon us! Is it only a dream? O, is it a dream, Sam?" "I should hope so, indeed," said Sam.; "for you would be in a dreadful state if you had solid reasons for making such a noise. I have never heard the like since I left Savage Island." "O my poor heart is in such a flutter! Do, pray leave me your candle, Sam; and don't go to sleep again." * * * * Susan appeared at the breakfast table next morning with wool in her ears, flannel round her neck, and hoarse in her voice; she had caught a severe cold on the previous night. After her brother had enjoyed a good laugh at her exciting dream, he said, "I think I can partly interpret it for you, Sue. You remember when aunt was cutting her cold Christmas pudding so ceremoniously, Charley Chuckles remarked, "It is a pity to spoil that pudding, it would make a flrst rate pattern for a chignon." I knew he had stolen the joke from Punch, so I did not even smile at it, but I saw you blush, and I saw Charley look pointedly at your chignon, which was certainly not much smaller than the pudding. The ice-cream, and pine apple, which you partook of too freely, may account for the nightmare; and if ideas are copies of sensations, the whole thing is explained, except the strange way in which Sandy is mixed up with it, and you can best guess at that, from the nature of your tete a tete con- versation in the balcony." Of course Susan was not going to tell Sam all that Sandy had said to her; but he certainly had not told her that he had a wife and three bairns; so that part of the dream remains as inexplicable as many other things are that sleepy heads think about. Influenced by her reading on the subject, Susan had for some little time before entertained a disagreeable suspicion that shop-clippings form the basis of chignon-stuffing in general; and though she did not believe anything about the ghost, she thought it was not unlikely that heads had been surreptitiously cropped, to supply the enormous demands of fashion; whether or not, she decided to begin the new year by wearing her own natural hair, in pretty, modest braids. The shocking cold she caught in her ears, through wearing a little doll's hat poked on her nose, to aunt Trippet's party, made her also resolve that she would in future eschew fashionable hats and bonnets, and take to a rational head covering. It is quite a treat to see her now, as she sits in her pew on Sundays; and if she could only be induced to curtail the length of her skirts by half a yard, so as to give her the free use of her hands when walking about, Susan Dedripe would really be considered a sensible young lady, and a suitable wife for the gallant Mac Fight, to whom she is to be mar- ried a few months hence. Darlinghurst. 