? TOOK CAPTAIN DOTEE'S DICK, STORY.—(CONCLUDED;) Tms individual whom Amy had chosen to endow with her love had nothing about him particular , to approve except his profession. All his attributes, moral, mental, and personal, were "negative ratherthanpoRitive. Pftor Dick described him as ohly straight-haired, as if that epithet embodied all his qualities. He thought that Amy did not really love him, but was attracted by some imaginary sanctity and perfection with which her imagination vested him. It waB very likely: from what we see eveiy day We may be sure that many women have loved, not the man himself they have married, but an ideal- which he personates very indifferently indeed to all eyes but theirs. Dick could not, for many days, restrain the expression of his feelings. Coming one day suddenly on Amy in the garden where she was walking in maiden meditation, he stopped her and made her listen to his story, which he poured out with much exaggeration of epithet and manner. Amy was startled and distressed ; she endeavoured in vain to stop his confession by appealing to his common sense of what was right. 'Dick, you know that I am engaged to Henry Lister—you ought not to have spoken —let me go 1 said she, for he had grasped her hands tightly in hie. ' I ought not to Jiave spoken, and I love you • O cousin 1 you don't know what love is if you say so. Amy, it will out! Amy, if I had come before the straight-haired parson, would you have listened to me then ?" A vivid blush flew into the girl's face, but she would not say a word of encouragement; on that blush, however, poor Dick, whether rightly or wrongly, contrived to found a renewed hope. Amy kept his avowal to herself, knowing well that its discovery would entail a total separation from her cousin; and she had become so accustomed to hie usefulness and gaiety in a house where everybody else was chilly and methodical, that she could not readily part with him. I incline to think myself (hat she did like Dick better than the straight-haired curate for many reasons, and Dick himself was persuaded of it. Her indecision had, as may be supposed, a very pernicious effect on his mind and conduct. One day he was in the seventh heaven of hope and contentment, and the next he was the most miserable dog alive, —then he would go and forget his griefs in a bout with his comrades, till at length his uncle Tarrant turned him out of doors. Amy had tried her influence with him in vain. ' You are the cause of it, Amy, and nobody but you," said Dick, passionately ; " if you would give that straight-haired fellow warning, you should never have to complain of me again." But Amy, though she fretted a great deal, held to her engagement, and Dick went on from bad to worse. It must have been very deplorable to behold the reckless way in which he dissipated his money as soon as he got it into his hands, raining at once his prospects, Lis character, and his health. With a temperament that naturally inclined him to self-indulgence, the road to ruin was equally rapid and pleasant. When Amy married Henry Lister—which she did after an engagement of six months— Dick kept no bounds, and he irretrievably offended his family by intruding himself, uninvited, am on est the guests at the wedding. There was a painful scene in Amy's parlour, where he went secretly, as he himself acknowledged, in the wild hope of inducing her to break off the engagement at the last moment. She was dressed ready for church and her mother was with her. That made, no difference. Poor Dick weut down on his knees, and cried, and kissed his cousin's hands, and besought her to listen to him. And Amy fainted. She fainted a second time at the altar when Dick forced himself into her presence and forbade the marriage. He was so frantic, so out of himself, that he had to be removed by compulsory measures before the service could go on. Of course, after a scene like this, his uncle's family kept no terms with him; he was forbidden ever to suffer his shadow to darken their door again, and so the poor, wild, crazed fellow went headlong to destruction. I doubt very much whether Amy was worth the sacrifice ; but lie thought so. Life, he said, was unendurable without her, and he did not care how soon he ended it. But this was not all. Amy died of consumption within a year of her. marriage, and Dick asserted that she had been killed by bad usage. Ho went down to his uncle's house where she lay, and asked to see her. The request was refused, and he forced his way by the window into the room at night as was afterwards discovered by the dis-arrangement of .the furniture, and stayed there crying over his dead love until dawn. A't her funeral he joined the mourners, and showed more grief than any of them; but as her husband was turning away, he walked up to him and shook his clenched fist in his face, crying, ' You tilled her, you straight-haired dog!' It was supposed that if he had not been restrained by the bystanders, he might have done him a mischief. His family gave it out that he was mad. Perhaps he was. Dice, drinking, and horse-racing now soon made an end to poor Dick's five thousand pounds. He lost every ebred of self-respect, and he herded with the lowest of the low. There is no telling how a man's troubles may turn him—love disapointments especially"; poor Dick turned into a thorough scamp. He was a disgrace to the family, and a misery to himself, but there was this good left in him amidst his degrading excesses—the capability of regretting. He never enjoyed his vices or ceased to feel the horrible debasement of them. He was seen at races, prizefights, and fairs, in rags and tatters; he was known to have wanted bread; he was suspected of theft and poaching, and his brother Tom rescued him out of the streets, where he was singing songs disguised as a lame soldier. Tom allowed him a guinea a week, but bofore ho had been in receipt of it a month he made the annuity over to an acquaintaneefortcn pounds, to take him to Doncaster, and this friend always went with him to receive the money, leBt he should lose it, so that Dick suffered extremities while he was supposed to bo at least fed and clothed by his family. Ten years of reckless debauchery and poignant misery reduced him to the state in which his uncle Tarrant brought him to me; hie aunt Julia, who had brought Tom up; offered to give him money if he would -go oat ofthe countir-'tui jnever come Vack again. How he'went ontofit I have told-you already. When he ceased speaking, I said, to encourage him,— •You'll do well yet, Dick, if you keep we mafee lan m d °t are picked up.' ' What can it be,' said Dick, without particuIarlyanBwering, 'that brings all theRe old things over my mind P There's a child's hymn l and Tom used to say at my mother's knee when we were little ones, keeps running through my thoughts. It's the stars, maybe; there was a little window by my bed' that I used to watch them at—a window at home inCheshire—and if I was ever afraid, BB boys will be after reading a good ghost 'story, I would keep on saying it till I fell asleep.' <TI,oi: That was a . good —J—.n mother of * yours, Dick; < could you say that hymn now, do you think ? Some of us might like to hear it.' ' It's as clear in my mind at this minute a s _ if my mother were here listening to me,' said Dick, and he repeated it- Hear my prayer. O Heavenly Father] Ere I lay me down to sleep; Bid thy Angels, pure and holy, Bound my bed their vigils keep. My sins are heavy, bat Thy mercy Far outweiehB them every one ; Down before Thy Cross I cast them, Trusting in thy lielp alone. * Keep me through this night of peril Underneath its boundless shade; Tate me to Thy rest. I pray Thee, When my pilgrimage is made. None shall measure out Thy patience By the span of human thought; None shall bound the tender mercies Which Thy Holy Sou has bought. Pardon all my past transgressions. Giva me strength for days to come; Guide and guard me with Thy blessing. Till Thy Angels bid me home. After awhile, Dick drew his coat up over his head and lay down to sleep. "Well, poor Dick!" thought I, "it is surely a blessed thing for you that— None shall measure out God's patience, By the span of human thought; None shall bound the tender mercies." Which His Holy Son has bought. 