: THE DRAWL ? . ' ? ; ? ♦ ? Mr Montgomery waa received by a crowded house with a heaity and bois terous welcome. Hamlet, wisely selected as the character of the evening, is cer tainly his master-piece. Every man has a right to hiB own Hamlet; and Montgomery carrieB out his own clear and consistent theory of the character to its minutest ramifications, elaborating every detail. At timea, perhaps, the perceptive and intelligent spectator may think that too much pains ia taken to ensure his diB cernment of the actor's meaning, but none can ever complain of shortcoming, or of lack of conscientious labor. It has been objeoted that Montgomery gives you ' Hamlet en beau,' throwing too much rose-water ovor the Prince of the Drawing-room. But in favor of thia conception, however foreign from that of the objector, there ia no laok of solid argument. Hamlet's age is thirty, a period when the char acter begins to become set and formed. His tone savors muoh of the city, little of the camp, muoh of college and even of ohapel ; little of the hunting^field, much of courtliness, and of culture; nowise of abruptneas; free alike from hauteur, from brutality, and from flattery ; and generally, more a man acous tomed to receive obedience freely offered, than trained to exact, to command, and, when ne ceBaary, to enforce it. 'Popular with the people, who judge by show,' is the comment of his shrewd drunken unole1 whom he contemns, and yet fearB while he hates. ' The glass of fashion,' and the ' honey of hia music-vows' of Ophelia, rise to the reader's memory. Femi ninely refined, and temperate in a drunken place, he finds leisure to mourn this ' dram of base ' in his countrymen, even while awaiting the ghost on tho ramparts. Tho celebrated aoliloqay marks him , for a ' subjootive,' rather than an ' objeotive' man (to usa the language of Coleridge). He Booms to have no practical knowledge of mattera military, though he questions the officer of Fortinbraa like an inquiring philosopher. His mother terms him ' fat and scant of breath :' his friend ia sen. sitively anxious touching his success in the fencing-bout, and the shrewd Poloriiua ro qnUtiog him alike of arnlrtion, of discontent, or even of play or any of the other usual fol lies of youth, insists on love being tho ruling passion of his mind ; both its pleasures . and its dangers, both its wayward wantonness and its pining melanchojy. Neither his philosophy nor his melancholy abates his deep sense of Providence, and of the rale of conscience! while the tenderness that underlies his re proaohes of tho Qaeen supposes not only the highest culture of the mind, but the most ex quisite refinement of the heart. Suoh might perhaps be urged against our imaginary op ponent of the ' Hamlet en beau.' v PerhapB Mr Montgomery may occasionally be too emotional. At Hamlet's ago,, — thirty (aee grave-scene) — men begin to have some mastery over their emotion?, and] to object to their being witnessed by others. Fancy Prince Alfred using a white handkerchief while in conversation with two policemen 1 The pie sance of Horatio would rather sustain than weaken the pride of his friend, who would strive to suppress a weakness, the freedom from which had caused Mb esteem for Horatio. Yet, even hero, we are not quite sure, as the Prince ia kept in a state of chronic agitation and disgust, by being compelled to witness Mb mother's familiarity with the loathed Claudius. In the rampart scene, on resolving to follow tho Ghost, we are disposed (respectfully and candidly) to query, the rationale of Mr Montgomery's bye-play. Great art is shown by the introduction of Horatia in the early scenes. Had not he seen the Ghoat, the reports of the sentinels would have been rejected. Why does ho inform the Prince ? Becaaso he thinks that ' the spirit, dumb to ns, will apeak to him.' For this objoct, Hamlot is there. Accordingly, Horatio is quiok to discern that. 'It beckons you (Hamlet) to go away with it As if it Bomo impertinent did desire ' To you alone.' Marcellns then sees this, but, with rough .kind ness adds 'Do not go.' The affection of Horatio is touched, and he adds his powers of persuasion, and his rhetorical eloquence. Hamlet, disregarding the officiousness of the soldier, turns to his scholar-friend. ; ' Why, what fear, I do not Bet my life at a pin's foe . Aad, for my bouI, what can it do to that, . Being a thing Immortal ao itself. rilfoliow it.' ? . Horatio: {not laying hand on the Prince), urges '? What if it tompt you towards the cliff, -6c, &c;, ito. Hamlet answers him finally, by turning to the Ghost : 'Goon. I'll follow thoe.' Then, the two soldiers, with rough, wellmoan ing loyalty, seize on H*mlet. Horatio urging only verbal expostulation. Hamlet breaks from them, urging the only argument they can understand, viz , a menace with his sword. The proposal to follow comes from MarceJlus ; and, Horatio follows with the two soldiers, deeming useful the presence of a true friend, lest thoir officious, but rough kiudnesB might irri tate. As we saw it on Saturday, after Hamlet had shaken off the soWiora, Horatio, offi ciously and indiscreetly, followed on his stops I Then, Hamlet, turning his back upon the Ghost, confronted Horatio, to menaoe Mm back, — losing, aa we thaught, muoh preoious time. I think that Horatio would not join in the physical holding, or indiscreetly pry into the interview, or seek to participate in tho information for which he had brought hia friend there. Awakenod by affectionate arixtety, he warns, he expostulates; having received his final answer, he aoquieaces, following, at a re spectful distance With conaiderate good breeding and true discretion, he, in tho next following scene, warns his princely friend of his approaoh, that he may not intrude on tho private interview, and Hamlet invites bis ap proach in the language of falconry. The turn ing of Hamlet's back upon the Ghoat, was to me rather disenchauting. Mr Darrell's Horatio, is formed regis ad ex emplar, being small-beer Montgomery through out : at times, the effect gave rise to some good humored pleasantry. Miss Bowring's Queen was vigorous, natural, and affecting. We dis sent from Montgomery's pronunciation of tbo word ' inexplicable,' He lays the emphasis on the ante-penultimate. Massinger photographed reality in Sir Giles, and Montgomery has sense that induces him never to soften, or to ' imprpve' Masain ger. His Sir Giles is excellent as his Hamlet, though, most repulsively brutal. The very laugh of triumph is shortlived. Sir Giles grudges even a laugh to the joyous and noble part of man. The san guine man prolongs the reign of the spirit of delight. The rosthetio mind loves to. heighten, to vary, to aet off, to dignify the joy that exalts the bouI. But the bilious temperament regards laughter as a frivolity and a waste, and hastens to return to action. Most actors, ex pand, riot, revel in the 'Now all's cook suro AH oyer joy, joy, joy,' &o.; Montgomery gives a brief flash —then returns to hia inherent brutality. This, wo own, startled as at first; but, reflection presented strong arguments in his favor, and time has since convinced us that Montgomery ia right. In the last soena he shows groat power. Miss Bowring in LadyAllworth entered Intotbevery spirit of Maasinger, blending womanly keen ness and finesse with womanly sensibility. Mr Dorrell enlivened Tom Allworth with Montgomery-and- water — cool, without, any admixture of vulgarity or coarseness, emulat ing without servility, and, if we sometimes smiled, there was no contempt, but hope. Mra Walter Hill improves ; her industry merits not merely our praise, but, her colleagues' imitation. Rogers, as Justice Groody, was, as usual , comic without buffoonery, and por trayed absurdity without parting with his own intelligonco. The play was well pnt on. And justice demands t'uat they who deem Mont gomery's Hamlet too rtfinedj should be invited to own that his Ovorreach blenchrs not an inch of the coarse strength of Massinger'a photograph of Sir Giles Mompessoc. ' Tho Lady of Lyons' was very well acted to a very thin audience on Tuesday. Mr Mont gomery's Claude Molnotte may, perhaps, not be his best character. ; we misa the fire and elan of the youthful, impulaive peasant, yet he played it with more than usual- caro and judgment. The audience showed itself some what quick in the perception of undesigned coincidences. When Claude impresses on his friends that ' Princes should bo generous,' a burst of applause rather significant than reathetio, showed that they were not thinking of an Italian Prince. The comments of Beauscant and Glavis on this truism were also applauded, perhaps without reference to the aoting of Greville, or even to the genius of Bulwor. Mis3 Bo wring looked and aoted well. Rogers, though excellent, cannot make ua for get Lambert, or come up to Hoskins in the dignity that, sustains, not excludes, comic humor. Mr Darrcll played very woll the neat little part of Gaspar, emulating excellence, not copying defects. Greville, in Glavis, was funny as usual, but always natural and easy. Mrs Wooldridge is comical, and never wean some, as the vain and aspiring bourgeoise. John Mildmay, in Tom Taylor's comedy, waa played by Mr Montgomery on Wednes day with much care and buccobs. Several bouquota were thrown on to the stage, which Montgomery, with prompt impulse presented — not to Miss BowriDg, whose superiority is un questioned, but to Mrs W. Hill, whom laud able industry hath of late somewhat improved. A burlesque, written and acted on board the Galatea, has been purchased by Mr Mont gomery. It is generally pronounced to be a failuro. Not to the merits of the piece, but to the prestige of the Galatea did Mr Montgomery trnat when he made this rafh investment. The Galatea hath lost much tf its charm ; tha down is off the peaoh. On too many lips are Byron's words — ' What thou wertj our fancy mado thoo What thou art, wo know in time.' When a large inoome is given to enable high birth to keep up high state, and to carry out the lofty sentiment of ' Noblesse oblige,' an exhibition of huckstering meanness is most disenohanting. We gratulate Lieut. Poore ; there we stop— sincerely 'pitying Mr Mont gomery, the audionce, and the management. All the three have had a pretty smart lesson in fortitude, patience and temper ; but, smartest of all, and least easily to be forgotten, ia that whioh we blush to think of, and which now paina and humiliates the colony of Victoria. Let no man ever despair. Mr Montgomery, inspired by a Budd6n fliah of common sense, exoaerates Mr Spiller from saying what he never said, or thought, viz., intrusion into a bed-room, whore bed-room th6re was none. None existed, none did Spiller mention. The Box-and-Cox scene was a sitting-room. Spiller is pardoned. Frank Weston's black opera continues to attract. Ladies are at homo, the timid feol as sured, the children are in ecataoi.es, and a grave iimile flits over the cheek of forensio, perhaps of judicial wisloin. Ooe evening is as pood as another ; Tobias is tho name of one : Biaunas ob de todder. There ia no criticising — it is unique ; and we are pleaded. The great civility and courtesy of the attendance pro motes that ease and sense of security without which no entertainmont can prosper. 