OUk PARIS LET'EB. (w osR OCE owa CoBESPoSDENsr.) Paris, 22nd May, 18i-. For the last furtaight we have been dancing on a volcano. The privileged publ:c electi.n meetings have taken place, and ro one is sorry that they are over. The law demands that an interregnum of five days shall take place before the ballot coerneuces. Two days are prescribed for this operation ; so that on Monday even ing next the curtain will fall, and the new French Parliame'nt will be elected. It is a long time siuce France has witnessed so deadly a party struggle. It is simply be. tween the lRevolutionary party, backed up by the Orhanuiats and Legitimsits, and the Emperor, supported by moderate thinking men. Order and liberty with the Em peror is the cry, from one camp Revolu ties and its chances, that from the other prove to the nmind of every reflective man what France lirst wants is security, order; and it is only the strong arm of Napoleon ism can succesfudly wield this.TheFreneh want many liiberties, enjoyed by English. men and Atmericaus. No one denies their right to them, but many question their present fitness to possess them. Behind the untrammelled exercise of liberty in France stalks revolution and all its horrors and excesses. The Emperor gives an instalment of liberty proportionate to the desserts of his subjects. To give all at once, and be forced to withdraw them owing to abuse, would be a perilous pro. ceeding, and fatal to the throne, as all French history prores. The Emperor is known to be the first liberal in the empire. He daily gives evidences of his anxtety to rank his subjects as free men worthy to be free, but he has to respect the fears of the" wise "as well as the follies of the "' brave." "You desire to be free, but do not know how to be just," said once the Abbe Sieges to his countrymen. During the last fifteen days, the " Reds," or mountain party, refused to listen to any moderate candidate-even the men who won for them, by their eloquence, the limited liberty they at present possess. Like Saturn, the Revolutionists devour their children. On two occasions the mobs for they wats nothing else-burst into the places of ameeting, tore down railings, burst Owpen doors, refused to hear the speakers they differed from and on regain ing the street they shouted seditious cries, chanted prohibited songs, vociferated for Reeolution and a Republic. In the street trees were uprooted. stones dialodged and thrown at the police, railings torn down, so that it be'nmse necessary to clear the roadway with cavalry, while the police charged the side paths. One inspector was left for deal from the blow of a life preserver, and 30 policemen were more or less wounded. Upwards of 132 arrests were made, the parties being lodged in separate cels ; olt this number 50 were ?atudents, and 70 labouring men and artizans, the three-fourths of the total being under twenty years of age. So thus has euded the playing at revolution, which frightened so many persons out of town. The next day the Emperor ac companuied by an aide de ctamp drove round in en open carriage, all the revolts tionary quarters, which was very plucky. In the time of Louis Philippe the press was wont to sarcastically remark-"the :King has returned to the ¶I'nilleries from a drive and no attempt was made on his life I" "It is not so with the Emperor. lie has done a great deal .for the working classes, las taught them to makl and save money, and the result of the general election will be an overwhelming majority m"in his favor. Spain still oc.cupies the most prominent positionon the continent. The disorders are becoming more frequent as the ex ceptional caondition of things is prolonged. The French Government has seized on the frontier largo consignments of arms, under the name of agricultural implo monts, destined for the Isabellists. This is very loyal towards Spain, on the part Sof France. But no one believes that her e.s-Majesty has the ghost of a chance of being restored. As for Don Carlos, he is still in Paris, mourning the hopes that leave him. 1He has no money now, and what partizas lie has in Spain are without a leader, and have no military organization. In the Cortes, the dis cussion on the Constitution is drawing to a close. Perfect religious equality has not been voted, but thou toleration has * been secured. Isabella's prayers do not appear -to have been heard, she had a "mass" recemntly offered up in Paris, for God to forgive the deputies who were going in for religious freedom. The feorm of HMonarchial Government will be voted, and the King question laid aside for a time. In the interim, Serrano may .:likely be invested with the powers of Regent, for which he is peculiarly fitted, and Prim-the master spirit of Noew SSpain-will continue to be Minister of "War, along with being President of the Council. Prim has the whole of the arnmy with him--he is brave and far seeing. i[e has quwtlty got rid of all Colonels with a leauitg to the Bourbons. What :p Sain wants most ntow is a man of capa city and firmness, l~lko Prim, to deal Swith th fititncs. The exchequor is empty,piltgedl by the lato rulers, who : even diseountied its future. This will he Sremedied by-and-bye. Cuba, that pearl of tue Antilles, is not likely to be lost to the mother, country. America seeims :. inclined to give up iall piratical attempts against the island, since France and ;England have expressed their disap Sproval of the f'illibustering. Italy lhas hald a change of ministry, but of no moment. She has ceased to be an _.,element of tEuropean disorder, since . Austria ihas conme tip again, with renewed .vigor, like Antevus after touching the ground. At lRoue, His Holiness seems to speculate still in artillery, and these peacemakers daily practice along the ..iber. lIe dreads Mazzini more than Garibaldi. But the Italian conspirator is at death's door, he is sufforing from cancer in the stomach, can bear but little food, and smokes like a chimney-some 60 cigars per day. Austria and Prussia are becoming civil towards each other, and Bismark, seeing there is nothing for him to do in Southern Germany for some time, is about translating the .Eneid into German. Outside of the ef'ction s, Paris has been very gay. The weather might have beheaved itself better, hero we are in May, and have quite a wintry time of it. The Prince and Princess of Wales, aind the Archduke Victor, brother of the Emperor of Austria, have been here and gone. Their reception was everywhere markedly polite lantd attentive, they " basked in every plhasura," and were the observedl of nall observers, at theatres, races balls, dinners ind reviews. The Queen of.Enghland has invited the Prince Imperial to visit hlr, and he intends going sH:x vacautio time arrives-about 'tho latter part of .tly. The Princess bMetternichl is i ite of the Austrian Ambassador lhere-not a handsome, bub one of th,. wiltiest and best hearted women alive-the soul of every ball, public or private. The Em- I peror of Austria, desirous of marking his esteem for her, asked what favor he could bestow on her, andt it would be imme diately granted. -To forgive your brother, the Archduke Henry." It was accorded. This archduke fell into dis grace for marrying an actress, whose pretty face was as irreproachable as her virtue. The Empress, it is said, will postpone her journey to Jerusalem till next year. Some say its expensiveness, estimated at £1i00,C_0 is a cause, but the real reason appears to be that Her Msjesty will have enough to do in attending the fetes at Corsica, in honor of the First Napoleon's centenary, as well as opening tim Suez Canal. The Princess Isabelle Beauran Craon is some 30 years of age, very handsome, and intelligent. She had a miserable home, a harsh mother, and no sympa thising*frTends. To occupy her time, she took to travel, to study languages, and got up all the " ologies." She was weak on the " spirits," who drained her purse, and, being fond of horses, was often taken in by the dealers. She could handle her revolver too, but then she was an un protected female. Well, her mother and some relatives applied to the Court to treat her as a lunatic, in which case she would be shut up for life, and all her great fortune go to mamma. She pre sented herself before the judges, pleaded her own cause, and with extraordinary ability and humor demolished the case of lunacy. The Court decided to itself taske charge of her fortune, and to allow her £1000 a year income. ' A very respectable widow has come to grief. She was pursued by the attentions of an old gentleman, and "vowing she wouldne'erconsent,eonsented"'-to marry him. Nay, more. In a moment of weakness, she permitted him to share the ante-nuptial couch, sending her servant home for the night. Judge of the woman's position to find her intended husband a hideous corpse in the morning by her side, and having to reveal the matter and her own shame to the police authorities ! The ex-Queen of Spain purposes going to Bohemia to "drink the waters." She is not so stout as she was. She was at one time a mountain of flesh, and not an agreeable one either to look at. She is as ever, actively throwing herself into Pari sian amusements-intends purchasing a summer residence at Montmorcncy, in the suburbs of Paris, close by the sister P1 atroeinio, who is the superioress of a convent, inhabited by twenty Spanish ladies, whose time is partly passed making jellies and liqueurs for those who wish to buy them. Themonks of Chartreuse and of St. Benedictin, have since a long time devoted their energies to the preparation of liqueurs, above all Greek, above all IRoman fame. Among tbo Hidalgos who have lately followed the misfortunes of their queen who nevertheless gets on well in a splendid palace with some 90 servants is the Marquis d' Astorga. IIo had a great grandmother; who, towards the close of the seventeenth century, made herself very notorious. She was of a remarkable beauty, was a leading lady at the Court of Madrid, and was married to a husband who she believed adored her. But lie kept a corner in his heart for a beautiful actress. The marchioness gave on one occasion a great fete, which was attended by all the fine flower of the Spanish aristocracy. Theatrical repre sentations took place, the actress in question, being the star. A sham naval engagement followed, but this the mar chioness did not attend, alleging fatigue. At dinner, however, she was at her post, and. rather surprised every one, by stand ing up and asking her husbandn if lie knew the dish lihe was eating, and of which he had swallowed a few mouth fuls. "No," replied he. Then continued the marchioness-" it is the heart ofyour mistress, the actress, the beautiful Ialta sara !" The following is not an uncommon type of Parisian life:-A husband, a soft goods merchant, has been sentenced to five years' imprisonment, and fined 200 francs, for shooting his wife's paramour-an old man, the father of a grown up family. The father-in-law and husband traced the guilty pair to hired apartmenots. On being detected, the wife demanded a separation. The husband proceeded to buy a revolver, sought the man who dishonored his house, and shot him in a cafe. Both men were burning and shining lights in the same Freemason's Lodge ! The wife, aged 21, and the mother of three children, states she was incited to sin by her husband, with the view of extorting money. The wife of the deceased was present, and appeared astonished that the slayer of her old man was not sent to the scaffold. The now city loan, to pay off old arrears, and to completoe and extond "Now Paris," has been a great success, and must be an immense source of gratification to the Emperor and his henchman, ~Baron Inaustmann, after all the vituperation they have been subjected to on account of the improvements. Three-fourths of the shares were reserved for applicants for one share. Not only wore the oflices proper, besieged, but the district post-ofliccs had. to be called into requisition to receive the deposit fees. Of whom did the crowd eonsistP-Of tradesmen, small shop-kleepers, servants, laborers, &c.; Of the "great unwashed, who, convicted" by the second empire, came to invest their savings on one of its chief glories.; On the 5th inst., the Empress com pleted her 42nrd year. The snow fall of time has left but few traces as yet, on her fbautures, promising to be " beautiful for ever." Every year sees Her Majesty associating herself with some good work, some charity, thalt knows neither sect nor country. If contentment of mind springing from the conscieusness of duty well discharged be a means of prolonging life, she ought to live to a green old age. There is nothing new absolutely in the way of fsshions. The " Camdls' hump" fashion of wearing tlhe dresses behind, is disappearing, and the nladies soeem inclined to run into the opposite extreme of wear ing robes after the "yard of pump water" style-this, with a hat like a soup plate is considered "the thing." All better how over, than the questionable tastu of the Louis XV alge. Flowers, and of the stmplest kind, bid fair to cut outjowellery andl diamonods; and this is goodtl news for Pauterfamilias. The fashionable ladies, and off the first society in Paris, preserve their dresses, and work them up into whatP Canoncals for thohomo and mis sionaiy clergy, as well as for altar decora. tions: an exhibition of those articles/ beanutifully made up, has just taken pace. T''he 5th inst. being the anniversrry of the death' of the first Emaperor, the rem nants of his old guard, after hearing an obituary mu?s, marched to the Napoleon columns, in the Place Vendome, and de positcd wreaths on the .railings. The Old Fellows thcn weant o town for the' remainder of the day "liquoring up' freely. They looked well, after having been voted their increased pensions. This column is composed of cannon taken from the Aumtrians, chiedy. and on the top is the statute of him who bequeathed " the odium of his death, to the royal house of England." At the cermuony in question were two lookers on, the Prince of Wales, and the Emyeror of Austrias' brother. Gambling is becoming in Paris a vice of great magnitude, and the authorities are doing their best to suppress it. Lately they pounced upon a "hell" farmed by three ladies, and carried them and the " bank" off. Last week they surrounded three cafds, and arreseted nearly 300 persons, of all classes and sexes, in the midst of heavy play. They were veritable dens of iniquity, sources of ruin to many students and clerks and misery to several families. On employees becoming aware that some of their clerks jattended these gambling houses, they dis missed the young men forthwi;h from their service. Paris has enough of vice without that of gambling, and it is best to confine the evil to Belgium. Father land, and the kingdom of Monaco, Spain, has just authorised the opening of a Kursaal, or hell, at St. Sebastian, close by to the lovely Biarritz. Betting offices, which had been opened on an extensive scale in the city, within the last two years, have also been suppressed by the police. This was one of the chief attrac tions in horse- racing with the French. From change to cards, dice, and rouge et noir, there is the same uniform, consu. ming passion, to get suddenly rich. Failure in'the attempt is ended by suicide or tho gaol. 