ITEMS ON "THE HORSE." / The subjoined extracts from "Tho Trainer's and Sportsman's I. Guide," will no doubt be instructive as well as interesting to the readers of BtlVtUfe; and the book, which is written br Digby Collins, ls one that ought to be in the possession of all parties interested in whatever pertains to " The Horse." DIRECTIONS OF A THIA!.. The leador ot a trial should be possessed of a cool head, a good knowledge of pace, and should never begin too quickly, which over-excites nervous horses, and makes them scramble along beforo getting fairly and gradually into their stride. As a rule, in a trial the first milo had better be got over slowly ; lt calms both horses and riders, and gives thc latter time to consider how he can mend the horso's " style of going." lt is always easy to mend a bad pace, but very ilirUcuIt to preserve a clipper : therefore the real trial should not begin until ono milo has been gono over ; tho horses being well together and going with a collected sweeping stride r It is no trial to allow lads to burst off and chop one another down in the first half mile, or to allow one to leave the other some lengths in the rear at starting. All such tricks-and they are nothing else-however satisfactory on the racecourse, when successful, must be ontirely forbidden on tho training ground. Supposing the borso has to run two miles, mark out two miles and a iialf, and order the lads to come along-slowly for the first mlle, and then go the remainder of the dlstanco " a buster 1" Never allow horses to bo ridden out, and moreover never to bo run away from-, nothing disheartens a horse so much as finding himself quito outpaced. He will bo very likely to give it up as a hopeless task, and relinquish the contest ingloriously, unless forced to continue it by aid of whip and spur, which only makes matters still worse. Then, as a rule, the leader of tho trial should bo on the best hone, and ho should ride tho distance in favour of his opponent all the nay, so that the latter has nothing to do but to sit still and keen with bim. If you were to allow each lad to ride bis own race, ono would generally outwit tho other to such a degree that nothing correct could be made out of the trial. Ono would make too much use of his horso, and tho other would lay too far away from the other ever to have a chance of getting up again, and therefore the only safe plan is to make them keep together all the way ; at any rato never to allow more than two lengths to separate them. There are a great many persons who lay great stress on timing a trial in addition to ensuring its being run truly from end to end, consider- ing that tho result without accurate time is utterly Inconclusive, and indeed liable to mislead ; butas "timo" is so dependent on the state of the ground, atmosphere, and many other consider- ations, I cannot bring myself to accept its decision as conclusive either ono way or the other. And, moreover, apart from the above reason, I have no faith In timing a trial, inasmuch as I have never known either man or horse go over tho same course in the same timo, either twice in tho samo day or on two consecutive days. Therofaro, to time a trial and then make allowances forthis or that discrepancy in time, owing to t his or that circumstance, would be a most complicated undertaking, and one which I should not recommend any ona to attempt, unless for mero self-gratifica- tion. It ls frequently objected that time is always taken abroad with vory gTeat success, in determining tho respective merits of race- horses : but I must object to this that the climate, state of-tho ground, atmosphere. Sic, are all diametrically opposed to those of England ; and therefore, that what may bo a correct test in one country may not be a correct test in another. It is a matter of fact, that in America, India, Jamaica, ic, oxportcd English platers can make bettor timo than first-class race-horses aro able to do in Great Britain over our vary best and soundest courses, which I apprehend can only be accounted for by tho rarity of the atmosphere in those countries; for no ono will, I presume, hold for one moment that three stone would bring a Herby or Leger winner and a colonial plater on a par I Tho trial over, tho horses should bo walked home with their rugs on, and after being well dressed, and made gonerally comfort- able, should be allowed as much to cat and drink as they pleue, and then be shut up for threo or four hours, after widen they should bo taken out for a stroll, when nothing more will havo to bo done for that day. If they have been overdone, and appear Oangnld, a slight tonio, such as equal parts of gentian and black antimony, or one ounce of " extract of chamomile," should bo given without delay; but tho less theso remedies aro used the stronger will tho horse's con- stitution bc. ii » wen io anow somo wno to elapso uoiwecn ino mais, ann also between the last trial and tho race, and I consider five days between tho final trial nnd the raco indispensable five days then before tho raco is run the trial should tako placa over the same distance ofgrouud as tba -coming oncaunter, and also at or nearly tho sanro-weights.nt o-strong paco all tho way; as if tho horse perform badly ho can be scratched in duo timo; but if well ho may, ofter tho arrival of the next morning, bo safely backed ; since, if all appears right then, it may safely bo presumed that all will be well on thc day. Now I must glvo tho greatest caution as to treatment : Karie must cease entirely, and the horse must be allowed rest to enable him to recover the effects of tho trial, and may indeed, to mako a long story short, be allowed to got fresh ; or, to bo more explicit, to allow him to get rid of his soreness and staleness, and for this he will have nono too much time. Ho should stroll about in tho fresh air for an hour or two daily, on as soft ground as cnn be chosen, and be allowed ns much water and corn, but less hay, than usual. If gluttonous, ho should bo taken out at seven on the morning of running for an hour, to allow him to empty himself and have a breather for two or three hundred yards, after which on'.' quartorn of oats and a little water may be given, and the hor'^mustbe carefully secured, olthor by muzzling or racking, until taken out for tho race. In adjusting the saddle, Eic, groat caro should be taken that the weights aro level ; that thero bo not a greater weight on one sido than on tho other; and, if thero bo no breast-plato, that they ho put on very forward ; also that the girths aro not drawn too tightly : .. If a horso cannot grunt he cannot gallop," ls a very old and very wiso saying that many strong-armed grooms would do well to remember. Tho practice of washing out tho mouth, previous to tho jockey getting into tho saddle, ls a very good one. since it prevents that dryness and harshness ot tho mouth which so frequently annoys both man and horso on suddenly commencing rapid inspirations, and moreover it renders tho mouth more supple and sensitivo to the rider's touch. IÎAOE RIDING. Littlo need be said on this subject, slnco there ls so much prac- tice in these days, that, unless in tho most remoto parts of England, the services of a fair performer can gonerally bo secured. No definite rules can bo laid down, with tho exception of tho general remarks. 1\. The fitter your horso is, tho more severe should you make the pace. 2\. If you have reason to doubt your horse's gameneness, jump oir with tho lead, and keep it as long as you can. 3\. If a horso pulls very hard, keep a steady pull on him, but rfoii'1 haul at hit month, which will prevent all regularity of respiration, as well as throw him out of his stride and injure his tnmpcr. These sort of horses should bo calmed down gently ; but this only can bo done nt, or very nearly at, the top of their speed. 4\. Young and untried horses should nover ba allowed to jump away from tho starting post too quickly, since they will only out- run or outpaco themselves before three-fourths ot tho distance has been covered ; neither should tboy be allowed to make tho pace severe until fairly in their stride, when thoy must ho sont along at os fast a paco as thoy could possibly maintain. This method will usually provont their gottlng flurried nnd nervous, which takes more steel out of a homo than is gonerally supposed. f>. When about seven-olghths of the distance has been got over, tinloss a very expert hand at timing your horse's powers, do not attempt to draw lt very Uno ; but, getting on good terms with tho leading horses in tho race, and laying hold of your horso's head, try and leave them, and rido him calmly but resolutely homo; amt of all things, sit quite steady. If you lind your horse strain- ing every norro, let him alone ; but ff running sluggishly, tako tight hold of tho reins in your left hand, and taking a sharp pull nt tho reins, glvo him a smart stroke with tho whip and two or three kicks with tho spurs; but if you liavo reason to apprehend your horso s swerving at tho whip (as is often tho caso with bad hearted ones), kee)) hold of tho reins with both hands, and give bim two or three sharp kicks with tho spurs, which will teud to koop him straight nnd vory waterlilly increase his chance of suc- cess. I. If you find you ara beaten easily, pull up and spare your horse's useless exertions ; and, above all. avoid that unsportsman- like practico of flogging a beaten horse, without a ghost of achanco, all tho way homo. I nm woll aware that unloss jockeys do so, the ring mon will not credit an honest defeat ; but their Incredulity is no excuse for such cruel and disgusting exhibitions, which aro too common lu thesa days. AFTHtt Tim HAAR. Tho horso should bo lod about In as wnrm and sheltered a spot as possible for /illly ono hour befara being taken lo tho stable, that he may recover the distress of his lungs, heart, Aa, before hoing shut up in a comparatively heated and unwholesome atmo sphere Tho sooner ho bo rubhed, dried, and his tnllotlo finished tho bottor, after which ho should bo shut up omi left .qnlot for somo time : and, unless ho hos to run again within a woek, somo bran mid linseed mashes, as being tho best sedativo food known, and two days' entire rest, should bo allowed. Attn) termination of this period tho horso may bo walked about and bo put through a gentle and short cantor every other diy morely to keep him lu wind, but nothing moro. Any moro s . v-ra work would only Judo anil depress him ; or, in other words, m iku him '? train off." Since you cannot hopo to improve on the y in.i of perfection of condition, your only endeavour should be to k IMI as near to it as you can without endangering your homo's c ' ntltution. It U, however, In all cases bettor to allow horses at this step to g " ii little Jolly and big. giving moderate excrcUe only in tho placo or /Mini irorfc, and putting them through a slight sweat two days picvlotu to running, which will ensure a healthy skin and clear wind, without further taxing their already severely tried under stanllngs. There is no greater fallacy than tho theory of " keeping a horse in condition, lt «innot fis rfoiK. A horse properly wound up for n race, will only be unwound If trained on. Thcro must always be something to spare, so ns to stand tho continual wnsto caused by severo exertion ; and if tlioro bo no adipose or fatty matter in tho system to supply tho waste, ns thcro will not bo if tho horse have been brought quite up to the mark, an injurious and continuous effect will toko placo in tba constitution. Therefore, after tho horso bas run his raco, relaxation from work for a considerable timo must bo allowed, or tho constitution I of tho horso will be severely' impaired, and ho never can bo brought to tho post in tho same form again.'' 