THE VICTORIA RAGING -CLUB'S NEYT YEAR'S DAY MEETIisG. IFrom the Argus, JfiKaary 2.1 The annual race meeting, which is the most | attractive of all the festivals incident to the i holidays given in celebration of the advent of the I new year, was held yesterday on the Flemington j Course, the scene ■of many memorable equkje . contests and of great triumphs as well as defeats ! for Victoria in the lists against the neighbouring - colonies. The programme provided abundant i sport; but the stewards were not quite so fortunate ■ as usual m regard to the weather, and the i threatening aspect of the day had a very appre- J ciable effect upon the public attendance. A J summer race meeting on the banks of the Saltwater EEiver is customarily associated with -one of those bright and happy cloudless days whick are the ^special boast of Australia luetic, and which always seem to giee the lie direct to the poet who wrote that *'4»an was made to mourn." On the present occasion, however, St. Ssvithin can scarcely ;be said to have been propitious. The morning '-broke eotsabre and drear, several light showers fell at intervals, and at one time the heavy rain clouds threatened almost to "scarf up the pitiful «ye of <Sa3s" but as tlie day wore on its aspect gradually improved,-'though too late to secure the presence of mauy who feared the wet, and by 4 o'clock the sun bad struggled into a genial appearance befitting the occasion. There is no more brillianfcsight than. a metropolitan racecourse on a -sunny day, and, perhaps by contrast, nothing more dismal than a race viewed from beneath a leaking unaVirella, with the rain splashing around. This infliction was: 'happily scared those who visited Flemington yesterday, though it could not but be felt that the dull; -weather had somewhat damped the proceedings as■ 'far as those are concerned wfcose only business on •the course was pleasure, -Eis Excellency tire Governor, who was accoojganied-ty Colonel Gore •Browne, the ex-Governor of Tasmania, and Sirs. Gore Browne, with Miss Manners Sutton, and Liieutenant liothwell, A D.C., occupied the portion • of the Grand Stand reserved for them, and remained until the Steeplechase had teen run. The bell rung for the foet rase of the day-imaie\x=req-\ •diately after the arrival of the Viceregal party, and a field of sis answered the summons. Those-isost i fancied were Doio, Potatoes, and Little iCing. The condition of the majority of the horses that ■■weighed out was not particularly good, if weencept :Elis, who stripped the pieture of health, -and from the excellence of his outsnr-ard form many prophe\x=req-\ ; sied a successful result. Two of the favourites— Dolo and Potatoes—lost whatever chance they may ■have possessed by falling, the former when his winning 6eemed almost ai certainty. The above • contretemps left the contest to Prince Alfred and Elis, the former winnicg easily by three lengths. The victory, of counre, was an unexpected one, ■ and the ring men were-in ecstacies at so-successful an opening. Fortune, however, did. not favour the layers in the succeeding event, the Flem\x=req-\ ington Stakes, for Charon, upon whom odds ■were laid by his admirsrs, won a fine race after an exciting struggle with Gondolier. As a whole, the youngsters were note. bad lot; but Charon appeared a very Triton among the miunows when Morrison mounted him in the paddock. He is an estremelv handsome and powerful colt, with four-white feet, a kind, bloodlike feecxi, excellent shoulders, very fine arms and thighs, hocks splendidly let down, and back of extraordinary strength, id is forelegs were slightly disfigured by a couple of splints, both of which, however, have been successfully treated by his traiEer. His commanding style soon attracted the attention of xXxz- xwnosccnti, who unanimously pronounced liim the finest two-year-old ever -ssen on the course, and one likely to do credit to Ills wel'-bred sire, Ferryman, whose stock are otgreat promise. Another of this horse's progeny uas the handsome and well\x=req-\ shaped little colt. Derby, whose dam, (Chrysolite, _ had evidently transmitted much of her own quality to her son. The dark Gondolier did not strike the eye very favourably in consequence of iris small size, but there wae a wear-and-tear appearance about him which betokened a thorou.3J1.game one; and as his coudition was of the best there were not a few who regarded his chance with-favour, from the fact of Mr. Fister starting his .-cclt a trifle stout. The Sydney-bred Casar-de- Liion. although a fine specimen of the thoroughbred hsrse, was entirly friendless; bat we shall be much mistaken if this colt does not see a better day, as he comes from a strain of blosd which improves with age. Gallant was in very fair form, but he is/hardly the class of horse, we think, to cope successfully with with such "clinkers," as Charon and-Gondolier. The race needs but little description, as the favourite jumped away in front, and-was never headed, the only formidable opponent amongst his competitors being Gondolier, who strc&gied; 011 with great sameness to the finish, and was only defeated by a neck, a result mainly attributable to the fine riding of Morrison, who materially assisted his horse when tfce real struggle commenced. Derby looked very formidable as they swept into the straight, but opp jsite the carriage-padcock lie • either overreached himself or crossed his leu?, broke liis back, and fell powerless to the ground, . and we are sorry to -sc.? that Mr. Liang, who was :riding the colt, was seriously injured by the fall, . the cap of his knse being broken, while the back portion of his body also suffered severely ficcn the . concussion. He was, quickly removed from the -course to his own house, where he received .medical aid. From the latest accounts we ;ieam .'that he is in a very weak state. What might be considered the principal racs of ;the day caine next upon the list, and a notiea^p\x=req-\ uearing upon the board to the effect that iir. Wilson declared to win with My Dream causedihe .-flying daughter of old tFisherman to becomc. a warmer favourite than-ever, and even money was laid on her against the tieid. 1'ne favourite looted « aivery different animal to what she did at the spring meeting, and created a far more favourabl-2 impression than was anticipated, owing to s. iuruour having gained currency that she was altogether too light. Mr, Tait'&colt;, The liar], wa'k&d; anmistakably stiff behind when he left his bo?, ar.d as he galloped very "feelingly" in his pre-1 limiliary, the success of fee dangerous yellow; jacket was regarded as a matter of doubt. A great; dee.1 of-curiosity was exhibited.i.o take stock of the ; grey .colt Antelope, and v.'e can safely aver that ns finer candidate ever stripped for Derby honours. He is a remariip.bly nice colt, with excellent points all over, and had it not been for a slight stoppage in his work, caused by a cold, it is more than probable that Mr. Koilatt's filly would not have achieved such an easy yjetory as she did. Gasworks. & strapping representative of the Fisherman family, also caine in for a large share of attention, and leuked remarkably welt, notwithstanding that tlie <Iuil colour of her coat detracted somewhat from ier appearance. She ic a much more powerfully-shaped fiiiy than her static companion, and her style ,of galloping, although not so taking peihaps as that of My Dream, is sufficiently good to convince izs that she is not only a .flyer, hut a stayer also. Ragpicker looked sione the worse for her -spell since the spring.; but it was evident frcoi the disinclination of her owner to invest upon her that she sras not prime enough for the task before hec. Koo\x=req-\ wee-rup ana Pi:ator were e'early our of their element amongst tiie cracks, but the latter may yet see a better ciy as he advances ic age. Melancholy Jaques aad Werribee were in very fair condition, but they likewise were in company ia'.:ch above their station. Xfse Amator co!t went ivry alow as he cantered paet ihe Stand, and the contrast pjetween his stilty £l>ie of going and the prani aianner in winch My JJseam extended herself was something wonderful to witness. Directly aftee starting. My Dream, wkc got oil' badly, rushed through her horses as if they were standing, asGume'i the lead at the tarn, maintained it to the £nish, and won in a .common canter in jirsticlass time. A more Ucliow a flair it has never been cur lot to witness, and as \ there was no mistake in t'.ifi time, it is quite certain Mr. Moiiatt possasses aa animal of no ordinary pretensions. The success of a Victorian horse was hailed with delight Uy tie crowds on the hill and flat, both horse and rider coming in f or a great oration as they returned tc scale. The detractors of the Fisherman stock were i atlier surprised at the very easy victory of hia speedy daughter, and expressed great astonishment when Gasworks fiew first past the post in tl»e Midsummer Handicap. .No matter what adverse opinions may exist as to the quality of the Fisherman stock, it is beyond scepticism that the only animals able to strike the flag of the JSew Soutik Wales men are those owe their existence to the old Heron horse; and though some of his stock cut up badly at the late Spring Meeting, the doings of (Jliaron, Gondolier, My Dream, and Gasworks will AC a great way to establish the reputation of the cetebrated hero as a first-class sire. The Midsummer Handicap *rza shorn off some of its brilliancy through the absence of Warwick, whose defection from the ranks caused a rush to be made upon Gasworks, the laUei's performance in the Derby being considered good enough to entitle her to the premier position in the betting market. The scratching of Warwick was commented upon in no very favourable terms by a certain few; but we think it but due to Mr. 'i'ait to state, that the starting of the horse would have caused an utter breakdown. The result of the race clearly demonstrated that it was "Fisherman's day out," for his daughter came directly she was called upon, and won a fast-run race in splendid style by three lengths. At an interval of about half an hour another of the great events was set down for decision, and the preparation of The Barb and Glencoe for the struggle was the signal for a rush togetaglimpseof the two cracks. Each hadalargeciicleofadrairers, and although the Week wonder was n<?t so fuJJ £>f tiHlscte as he might have beeh had his owtJet been enabled to send him along as fast as he wished dating his preparation, he was quite well enough to cause his backers to remain confident of victory. The chesnut, too. reflected the greatest credit on youag Stanley, who had charge of the horses during Ashworth's absence; and the absurd notions, prevalent that Mr. Tail's success is principally owing to a large share ol luck, received a satisfactory rebutting answer in the appearance and condition of his hsrses, which ought to have satisfied the most prejudiced mind that his numerous victories are principally owksg to good management. Fireworks, it was palpable, had not had time enough to undergo sufficient preparation to fit him for so trying an ordeal as a severe three-mile race; and though Strop exhibited symptoms of having undergone a most careful training, it was well knoirn he was not possessed of calibre equal to the occasion, so that a victory for Mr. Tait was regarded as a certainty, and 6iich it was, for The Barb and Giencoe had settled the other pair before twomik-s had teen traversed, and coming on at their own pace, finished as they liked, the black slightly in advance of his stable companion. Well may The Barb be termed a " wonder," seeing that this was the third three- mile race he had won on three successive New Year's Days, the total amount of his winnings in stakes during his career nearly reaching £10,090. ■The Steeplechase was once inore a "chapter of I accidents," and owing to the negligence of the authorities, resulted in a victory for Viking, whose success was the only fluke of the day. During the second round, it appears that the rails generally taken down in order to allot? the horses to ceme into the straight were not removed, aud Balter&t;, Babhier. asd Ingleside, n-sfc observing tJje mistake, went on inside, thereby allowiug Uallae:®, on Viking, to jump into the course, aM steal the race out o! the fire. But for tfeis there wouM have been a splendid contest _ between the three. The rut'-Siing of Ballarat, vrfth 13 st. upra his back, stamps him as one o€ the best, if not the very besLof steeplechasers the colony has ever possessed. Sibbler also distieffuished himself; but Air. Watson's horse was leading when the mistake was made, and it is «trr opinion that he would have landed the cerise jacket in front had he gone- Straight. Itjgleside also looked dangerous up to til is point, but none of the others had the ghost d± a chance after Sacchua fell. The £50 Plate <eaued in an exciting struggle between Palladium- and Salem Scuddec. She mare defeating the favourite by a head. Ikas brought an excellent day'esport to a close. 