? THE WEEK. : ? * ? The election of Jones for Balkrat West, and of Bolters for Portland, although capable of explanation on other grounds than the sup position that tho electors are indifferent to the 'purity of Parliament, must be deeply deplored. The question naturally arises, Bhould the two delinquent members be allowed to take their seats without farther punishment ? In ordi nary circumstances the Assembly would do well in doing nothing, but with the privileges of the House assailed, and its dearest preroga tive of taking order for the preservation of its own purity and honor put in jeopardy by the Supreme Court, it will be certainly jaBtified in dealing with the new members, as well as with their released principals, in such a way as to demonstrate to the . judges, and to the world, that its privileges, immunities and powers are realities, and that it has the will and the meon3 to give effect to them. That these are the views of the majority in the House, there is no reason to doubt : And the committee will relieve themselves from the latter impu tation of faint-heartedness by bringing up such a report as will satisfy those ?who have faith in liberal institutions, and confound the reactionary faction who would, if they could, substitute a compact sys tem of corruption for a constitution, in the working of which corruption is only an oc casional and exceptional blemish. A rather curious moot point arises out of the se-election of the two expelled members of the Assembly. If Jones and Bnttor3 are no better by their ro-election — if, having been corrupt and corrupting previous to election, they are so still — con it be said that the Assembly is either bolter or worse than it was before their expulsion and re-election ? ? Formerly it con tained corrupt members who had not been tfouuij out anil convioted. Now it contains members whoBe corruption has been proved. Whether the House be intrinsically better or worse, it cannot be denied that it has had its prestige lowered. On the other hand, it may with truth be maintained that corruption ha^ had a severe blow, and that the diBtributortj and recipients of bribes have had their powers of mischief-doing materially abridged. Jones and Batters, if allowed to remainy will have to bo content with a very subordinate position] If they be not sent to the coal-hole, their votes will count, but their influence over others will be at an end. The corruption of the As sembly was something like blood-poisoning in the human frame. It is better that the. mor bific matter should have vent, oven if the boils should have an ugly look. The system, will by and bye acquire strength, and the' sores will heal up. Tho progress of the case is not bo satisfactory as could be wished, but it will end in a cure; and looking forward hopefully to such a termination of the case, we may. be justified in arriving at the judgment on tho moot-point, that the Assembly is better than it was before. The committee on Water Supply cannot be complimented on their report. They have salyed rather than probed the sore. Every thing has been done wrong, but nobody has| done it. These few words will suffice for an; epitome of the report. ' To err is human— to' forgive divine.' This noble sentiment ;has evidently been the actuating principle of the committee. But they have overlooked tho fact that their duties were ministerial, not judicial.' They are in the position of a jury who have allowed compassion for the prisoners on trial to, sway their verdict. That verdict on the pre-: sent occasionis virtually that, the Waterworks have been sadly mismanaged by some person or persons unknown. Still, the report contains sufficient matter to warrant the Government! in taking very energetic action, and the Aa- \ sembly in seeing that no favor or affection is; shown I in the necessary reconstruction of the; Waterworks department. ' ' ' ! The floating of our railway loan on the! London market is a triumph of Victorian; finance. The best proof of this is, that the professional stock- jobbers aro in a rage at not being able to make any pickings out of it. Tho' news brought by the mail, and the production! of the correspondence on the subject, place our: Government in a very favorable light. To it isi due all the credit, and to the committee of the Associated Banks in London all the disgrace, if there be any, attaching to the transaction.; It was by the committee' that the delay in calling for tenders was incurred, and had it not been for a peremptory repetition of Mr M'Cal-: looh'fl instructions, there would have been still further delay. The correspondence discloses the following facts:— That the allegation, of the non-naoessity of forwarding the debentures; before January originated with the Melbourne; Chairman of the Associated Banks ; that the; resolution in favor of delay was carried in, London, unanimously, without any reason; being assigned for it; that the instructions; sent from Melbourne were systematically dis- ? regarded ; that the London committee, by ; continually Bpeaking in a despairing tone a% to the prospect of the loan going off, manifested a \ disposition to 'bear' the market; that the1 London committee neglected to keep the Victorian Government informed of their, proceedings; and that Mr M'Culloch had oocasion to administer to them .a stinging; rebuke in those .. words : — 'I cannot but ex-; press my regret that no information upon j Government by the mail jast arrived, and I ( must still further express my surprise and re- '? gret that, having regard to the magnitude and ' interests committed to their oharge, the Lon don committee are not more awake than they ? appear tobetothe necessity of furnishing by ; each mail the fullest information possible as to : the measures in course; whether or not they in tend to «ell, andif so, when.' The whole con- ! duct of the London committee has been such as | to warrant the supposition that they wore disr ' posed to thwart rather thau to forward the wishes of tho Colonial Government, and that j they would not have been at all displeased to find their gloomy prognostics realised. As it ! is, our Government is placed in possession of about £700,000, quite enough for a year's opera tions in railway construction. It is evident from the nature of the tenders for. the loan that tkia amount has been taken by way of bona fide investment, and there need be no apprehension as to there being a lively demand for the remainder of the debentures whenever bur Government determines on offering them. The secretaries of the various publio cha rities are anxiously looking for Mr Bowman's plan of distribution of the fifty pounds he won ao innocently from Mr Butters. Inquiries aro also made for the detailed account of the funds for school-building, of which Mr Fellows ia the treasurer. Probably tho two documents will appear simultaneously. The date remains to be fixed, but it will of course be an early one. Mr Fellows, Falstafflike, will do nothing upon compulsion. Ho will jerk out tho dosired informatioa before long. It wag very noarly got from him on Wednesday night, when he, forgetfal that he lived in a glass house, throw stones at the Treasurer's. He hinted that if the 'Parlia- ment gave Mr M'Calloch the menas of pay ing the aalarioB due to teachers, he might not apply tho money properly. la his anxiety for tho welfare of tho sohoolmastera, Mr Fellows forgot, apparently, tho necessity for sohool buildings. He missed the opportunity of crushing Mr M'Calloch by showing how muoh ho had done in that way, and bow very aorapnlous h.9 was in bio own financial opera tions — following the best precedents, and being very particular in matters 'of audit. Perhaps he will see the necessity of ? doing- himoelf justice. He will probably take the earliest opportunity of making the personal explana- ' tion which he forgot to make on. Wednesday. , . Notwithstanding tha hindrances to useful legislation which have recently sprung up; the Assembly have manifested a praiseworthydis position to get on with their work. Satisfac tory progress has been made in committee on : the Local Government- Bill, and a practical reform pf great importance has been put in prooess of realisation on tho motion df a private member— Mr Byrne. The odious toll system is doomed. Two years and a half hence there will be a clear sweep of the annoying obstacles . to internal free trade. The two years and a half grace has been judiciously given, as the local bodies have vested interests in the, tolls, and it is requisite to allow time for measures being adopted for substituting some other mode of raising a revenue. It is true that Mr Byrne's motion ia not applicable to all tol s, but the policy of abolition being affirmed, there can be no fear of a relapse to barbarism, and the interdict, will be extended to all such obstructions. Although the first of January, 1872, is fixed by the reso lution as the day of abolition, it will be to the interest, of the local bodies to take earlier mea sures for the consummation of the reform, and for providing other, and it is to be hoped better j modes of raising supplies. The division was a gratifying' one, only seven in a House of thirty five standing up for the perpetuation of a bar-i barons system! ' ! ?'???'? '? ; ', ;? i There is much .matter for congratulation in, {and no' groat fault to be found with, the news which the Avooa has brought. The rapid progress made by Mr Gladstone with his Bill for the Disestablishment of the English Church in Ireland is a healthy sign of the times, a proof that Old England is still in pris tine vitality, and that the Imperial Parliament is free from, that mischievous class of obstrnc tives who make themselves particularly ob noxious in colonial assemblies. The sama healthful activity would becomes characteristic in our own Parliament if ,ifc would merely asBer t its o wn dignity, and make it apparent ? that unauthorised interference would not be tolerated. It was thoaght at one time that Mr Gladstone would find the difficulties in his way absolutely insurmountable. It ia now found that they disappear as soon aa they are confronted. A month or two ago the Peers Were determined to throw out the inea sure. Now., there is a strong probability that they will make no real stand, against it. The' Church disestablished, there will remain only one other question which stands in the way of the prosperity of Ireland. The trade and industries of that unfortunate country require protection. Those who r are willing to admit that free trade is the .best policy for England,1 must concede the point that it has worked woe to her sister kingdom. It is not more rational to insist on a uniform fiscal system than it is! to require ono country to hold the religious' creed of its neighbor. The physical oharao-j teristics of different nations possess mere varied! features, than the mental conditions of : their; tinhabitants, and they present so many diffe-l rent stages of development that the same rules! cannot apply in all caaea. If , Manchester; grows restive under free trade, the right of, : Ireland to complain cannot be gainsaid.; -Toleration in religions matters, is conoeded ;' but toleration of heterodox views on.ppliticali economy ia another thing, and is, apparently,! much more difficult to yield. It will not be long before Ireland will assert herself in this! matter, and England will gracefully yield. . ' The next great work of reform which will be; taken in hand by, the British Government will! be a boon to all the three kingdoms; The ballot w likely 'to be recommended to Parliament ini the next speech from the throne. Mr Bruce, the Home Secretary, has already, with the sanction -of - the Government, obtained^ a committee to consider the possibility; pf devising some scheme . of secret voting! which shall insure freedom of - election,;' 'and also to inquire into the desirability , of j dispensing with public nominations: ? Ho pro-| posee, in fact, to introduce the whole Viotoriafl1 system, undeterred by the prattle about shocking! examples of the danger of demooraoy. The ! real use of the committee will be to collect and collate information to be made use of when tho: plans of the Government will admit of' the' question being taken up and dealt with. What will the Viotorian absentees in London do' when the ballot has pursued them to their' retreat of fancied security from the bete noir\ which drove them from the colony ? If they! seek refuge in PariB, they will find themselves \ in a seething pot of discontent that is likely to ' boil over on the fire being poked ever! so little. If they go to Vienna, thoy^ will find that the autocratic Kaiser is running a race with Gladstone as a Reformer; and if they . seek ref ago in . Russia, they will find a system of dealing with the Crown lands from which Mr Grant himself might pick up a few ideas, as improvements on his scheme of settlement under the forty-second clause. Per haps they will nee fit to return to Melbourne, where popular institutions are threatened with being crippled by tho law courts. This would be the most sensible thing for them to do. The fall in wool must have left many of them like their own shorn lambs, and although they could not by coming hero control the price of their staple in England, they would be able to diminish the cost of its production. A return of all bank robberies and offences connected with banking whioh have been porpo tratodin Victoria vrould bo ft voluminous dooa ment. The handling of large sums of money, and of valuable securities, does not seem to have an improving influence on the morals. The contempt which proverbially is. bred by familiarity ia of a peculiar kind. It is not felt for the thing itself, but for' the owner and his interests. In England a bank robbery is perpetrated once in fiye years or Be, and is something more than a nine days' . wonder^. Here the wonder doe's not last bo long , be- . cause its impression is effaced by some similar wonder treading on its heels. Breaches of the morallaw are not unknown among MinisJ ters of the Gospel ; publio virtue is not reBplen dently pure among our politicians ; and lawyers are not alwaysabbve taking. advantage of those \ .clients who have placed their affairs in ? their ' hands ; but the offence against property com» mitted upon and by bankers, their customers, and their clerks, exceed in number thpae of all the ... other .olasses put -together. We suppose thai; there is no. certain remedy for this state of .things.. VIn some cases the law hap stated that there is no remedy at all for Bufferere, and the law must either be wrong or wrongly interpreted^ The evil is no doubt in creased by the ridiculously easy sentences passed upon delinquents— respectability being too often looked upon as a palliative rather than an aggravation; ?? ? ? ! , When a murderer .; is discovered, the ever ready remark is that «? murder will out;' bat if the ghosts of all those; whose deaths remain unavenged were to ?' walli the night' there would be a goodly throng; and it is diffioult to say whether the shadowa, would not outnumber . the entities. When murderers are 'taken, 'hew seldom .-. is the disr covery of their guilt the work of a detective 1 The swamp tragedy is one of those cases wherein the slendernsES of the ,oluo baffles the skill of the most talented; analyst of. evi dence. Unless the perpetrator is driven by remorse to make some sign,- there is but little' prospect of hia detection. . The leBsbn, is : a frightful one, but , unfortunately it produces the greatest impression upon those, who least require its teaching, while, upon the callous and depraved it may produce an effect the ?'re* verse of that which ia desirable. ; . '- ; '. ? The bid colonists are onoe more taking up a prominent position as a distinctive section of the community. .. They have on two previous occasions made displays which are not alto* gether creditable, to them ; but this time they ? have at least an exoellent -object in ' view, and they have ? all the requisites for achieving success. Their purpose is 'partly Booial, partly benevolent. ; They propose to dine together once in the year, and to : help their decayed brethren all the rest of it. They tried their convivial power when the Criterion was - first opened, but 'the meeting broke' up in' most admired disorder. The new churns ,wer9 immensely delighted, inasmuch ' as: they . believed that their own vast superiority waa ? thereby established ;: but there was .really nothing to cause Bhdme on one sidcj or exultation on the ' other. One man mad with^ drink,' ? imbibed before the; dinner .began,, not .??- only got on the table, but ran from end to end of it, Boatte,ring theliqttor before him like a steamer going through the rip,' Poor fellow! (by the. way he ia very rich), he could. n.Qt.,d°»tho, same thing' now. Order was at. .an end. ,The: quieter old; fogieB retired to other rooms tp^ finish :.yniH \- spirits andhot water;. '.and next da^ the! old ? colonists, one and all, felt and- looked rather sheepish. The jlast occasion on which they1 put in an appearance as a body wa3 in tho pre-' sentatiou of their address to the Duke of Edinburgh.- ^Irj. that address they were tre-! panned . into ^subscribing to, a sneer at; our liberal tendencies ; but the . blame was really! merited by a very small self-constituted cont mittee, who had a hand in the concoction of the offensive expressions. The colony owes a! groat deal to the old colonists. May they live for a thousand years, and their shadows never? ?grow lens! : '?'?.? ??'-' I Melbourne; Saturday, isthmay. j 