NEWS AND NOTES. The flimsy webs spun by the new Opposition in its violent efforts to frighten the new Ministry are being torn to pieces in a very summary manner, and, it is to be hoped, not without instruction to the public. On every side persons who have been called upon to come forth and oppose Ministers decline to comply, and it now appears that they were mentioned without the least authority. Mr Herbert J. Henty requests the government organ to contradict its statement that he is a candidate for a seat in the Legislative Assembly, and the Age does so with anything but good grace. The Pleasant Creek ATews says that Mr Maynard Ord has " expressed great eurprise at his name being used without his knowledge or authority" as an opponent to Mr Byrne. It appears that Air Wakeliam is to be the Treasurer's opponent at Crowlands. Mr Vale is announced to address the electors of Collingwood this evening, but has not yet made up his mind to oppose Mr Reeves. AVe presume that Mr Vale intends to test the disposition of the electors before lie takes the field. As to the stories about the chances of the new Minis ters being elected, they are simply unworthy of atten tion, as they evidently belong to the order " bogus." A very short time will suffice to show the real state of affairs, and meanwhile the public will do well to believe as little as possible about forthcoming candi dates. We take the following political gossip from last night's Herald, which must be read with due allow ance for the source whence it comes:—" To-day there have been hurryings to and fro, and men have been marshalled for the respective posts of conflict. Re specting Collingwood, it is uncertain yet whether Mr Vale will contest the election or Mr Love, who for merly defeated Mr Reeves at Geelong. Mr Samuels, it seems, is to be the man for Maryborough, as against the present Minister of Lands. A redoubtable oppo nent is said to be coming forward for Villiers and Heytesbury, and arrangements are still pending for the other districts. For Crowlands nothing definite is yet settled, but before the day is over it is anticipated that the field mil be well occupied. Ripon and Hampden will have two men waiting to take their chances against Mr Longmore. West Bourke is also in the same position. As the day of nomination draws nigh, the desire is more felt by Mr M'Culloch's adhe rents to have the best men they can select as oppo nents against the gentlemen now in office." OurlBallarat Gas Company deserves to have the liberal support of the public, for it is never slow to " come down" in its prices, whenever opportunity offers. This is wise policy, no doubt, for it keeps people ss tisfied and shuts out opposition, or the thought of it. Moreover, our Gas Company has miles of mains laid, and wants consumers. Wisely, therefore, it boldly announces a reduction in its price for gas. On the 5th of November we are promised a reduction from 16s 3d to 14s 3d per thousand feet. Doubtless we may in part thank Mr Longmore, our new Com missioner of Railways, for this, because without his ready promise to recommend a reduction in the rail way freight on coals from 15s 9d to 10s 6d per ton, it would not have been possible for the Gas Company to have reduced the price of gas so much. The late Government was many times asked to make so neces sary a reduction in freight, and couldn't do it. On Wednesday afternoon Jeremiah Darcy, landloid of the Eock of Cashel hotel, South Melbourne road, drew the sum of £192 from one of the banks of Bal larat, and then proceeded to get drunk. At about five o'clock he gave a cabman 10s to drive him home. The cabman drove him about half-way home, and then left him in the North Melbourne road, where he remained asleep until seven o'clock, when his son, who was proceeding home in his dray, found him. It was then discovered that the money which Darcy had when he got into the cab was missing. The matter has, of course, been put into the hands of the police. On Thursday the Speaker issued writs for the elec tion of members of the Assembly, in lieu of those who have accepted offices of profit under the Crown. The hon. member for South Bourke, Mr Crews (re marks the Telegraph), will have to make a further apology, this time to the hon. member for Geelong East, Mr Kernot, for filching from him the idea of appointing, as Mr Crews described it in Parliament, a commission of " railways to be composed of experts practically acquainted with every department." At one of the meetings of the Railway Workshops Board of Enquiry, Mr Kernot broached this project privately to Mr Crews, considering it of sufficient importance to be embodied in the report of the board when it was drawn up. Whatever opinion Mr Crews entertained of Mr Kernot's proposal, he avoided committing him self by giving it the slightest countenance. But in the heat of debate he unwittingly stated that he had gone to the Chief Secretary, and assuming all the merit of the recommendation, obtained an assurance that it was one well deserving of the attention o£ the Cabinet. An appointment on such a commission would be preferable to accepting office as Minister of Railways, and there were members of the M'Culloch Administration who were not slow to improve such an advantage, and to make use o£ the proposal for poli tical purposes. Viewed in this light, Mr Everard's speech in the House is perfectly explicable. The finance and works committee on the main Daylesford road, vid Fellmongers, met at the Ballarat East Town-hall, on Thursday morning; present, Messrs Brophy, Surplice, Forbes, and Walker, from the Bun garee lload District Board; and Councillors Steinfeld, Fussell, Rowe, and Dodds, from the Ballarat East Borough Council. The engineer's report was received and adopted. He objected to some pitching done by the contractors, Shannon and Tierney, and recom mended that they should bo compelled to do the work over afresh. Everything else was progressing in a satisfactory manner. The report of Mr Morton, clerk of works, was also received and adopted. Accounts to the amount of £1300 were passed for payment to the contractors on the road. The case mentioned by us some days ago, as likely to be heard at the Police- court, against a woman named Callinan, for receiving aid from the Benevolent Asy lum while she had £200 in the bank, was heard yes terday at the District Court, before Mr Gaunt. Mr Hy. Cuthbert stated the case for the asylum, but Mr Finn, for the defence, having admitted the offence and offered to pay back the amount received from the asylum, and having asked that the defendant might be discharged on the ground of having sis young children dependent upon her, Mr Gaunt allowed the ease to be withdrawn, after first severely reprimanding the defendant for lior imposition. He said that had. she not had a family, he would not have allowed the ease to be withdrawn. Anybody in future offending in a like way may expect the full penalty of two years in gaol. A Chinese named Hung Chow, who has identified himself with several attempts to rob the sluice-boxes of mining companies, appeared at the District Court on Tuesday, charged with being found on the pre mises of the Band of Hope and Albion Consols Com pany, with intent to commit a felony, on the evening of the 21st. This time he has been sent to gaol for two years. An amusing epispde, uncommonly like a page from " Handy Andy," occurred at the Theatre .Royal on Wednesday evening, when the Octoroon was being played by the Ballarat Volunteer Amateurs. A gallant officer who was to play in the last piece, told his ser vant, who has probably been in his time a wearer of the Queen's livery, to come to the dressing-room at the Theatre at a particular time, bringing with him some refreshments; and in order to make sure of the man finding the place, informed him that he was to come to him " across the stage," no doubt feeling satisfied that the man would come in at one of the side doors and find his way round behind the back scene. The servant, however, had "got his orders," and the consequence was that in one of the most par ticular set scenes of the " Octoroon," when the full stage was exhibited and several characters were maintaining their parts in an animated discussion, a human being, not in the cast on any previous occasion, not at all Yankeeish, but exceedingly like a specimen of half colonial half Irishman, suddenly appeared before the footlights. He seemed as if he had come in free of charge by one of the traps through which ghosts are wont to make their appearances; but what he carried made it almost apparent that he had been paying a visit to the Widow Clupiot, on the valleys of Cham pagne, if he had not even " brought spirits" from the vasty deep. Nothing daunted at the manner in which his interruption affected the company on the planta tion, he marched iu the coolest possible manner across the stage, making an entrance, an exit, and a probably debut, in an exceedingly short space of time. He had entered the Theatre by the stalls, and getting up the ladder near the orchestra, took the most direct mode of obeying orders. Much fun was created by the mistake. A sliort time buck we gave the particulars of a case in which a Chinaman, Chung Ah Chung, had his spine fractured by a heap of earth falling upon him while he was at work in an open cutting at Little Bendigo. The man died in the district hospital on the 21st instant, and yesterday an inquest was held on his body. A verdict was returned by the coroner's jury in ac cordance with the above facts. The members of the Ballarat Hunt Club will meet at the Newmarket hotel, Miners' Rest, on Saturday afternoon, at 2.30, and as the end of the season is ap proaching there will, no doubt, be a good turn out. A meeting of the club will be held on Saturday evening at Craig's hotel. Thursday's Geelong Advertiser says:—"The atten tion of the Commissioner of Railways was yesterday called to several important local matters by Mr Berry and Mr Richardson, M's.P. The recent reduction of the rate of carriage from Melbourne to Ballarat for all agricultural produce from 35s to 30s, without any corresponding reduction from Geelong to Ballarat, was the first subject .referred to. The present rate from Geelong to Ballarat is 23s M per ton; it was suggested that this should be reduced to 20s per ton, so that the equilibrium might be again restored. The request was acknowledged to be reasonable, and will, no doubt, be acceded to. It has been the custom, in spite of repeated protests, to allow 40 feet to the ton of timber if taken from Geelong to Ballarat, and 50 feet to the ton if carried from Melbourne to Ballarat. This manifest injustice to the local trade has existed for some time, but will soon in all probability be reme died. The question of the extension of platform and shed accommodation at the railway station was also referred to. This work has long been recommended by the officers of the department, and Mr Longmore promised that it should be at once taken iu hand. Sis weeks is the estimated time for its completion. This ended one of the most satisfactory interviews which local members have had with the railway autho rities for a long time past." In our previous issue we quoted a paragraph from the same journal in which it was stated—" The rate of carriage from Melbourne to Ballarat for first-class goods has been reduced from 35s per ton to 30s; whilst the rate from Geelong for the same class of goods has been left unaltered, viz., 23s 4d per ton." We may remark for general infor mation as well as correction of the above, that grain and potatoes alone are to be carried from Melbourne to Ballarat at 30s npr t.nn. We are informed that Mr Henry Pinniger has been appointed senior-turnkey of H.M. Gaol, Ballarat, vice Hamilton, deceased. The B.C.C. will open the season next Saturday week with a match between the first eleven and eighteen of the club. If the weather be at all favor able in the interim the oval will bo in splendid condi tion, for it promises to be one of the best greens in the colony, the 'metropolitan ones not excepted. We may mention that the grand stand is being improved by the addition of backed seats in one half. The All England Eleven will most likely arrive by the January overland mail, the colonial charterers having received intelligence from Mr Shoesmith, their agent in England, that the team will be ready in time to get to the colony by that date. The Ladies' Reserve in the Eastern Recreation Re- serve is to be ornamented with some very pretty iron rustic seats in fern-tree or fern-frond pattern. The seats have arrived, and will be set up in due time. To quote the lofty phrase of the French, Mr Braithwaite is " covering himself with glory," and he has certainly got the ladies' mound covered with a brilliant carpet of green, while his attentions to the oval are of the most loving kind, as cricketers will see in good time. The following is the programme of music to be per formed this evening by the band of the 1st B.V.R., in Sturt street:—March, " Truth, and Beauty." Waltz, "Adela"—Marriott. Selection from the opera of "Martha"—Flotow. Quick-step, "The Friar of Orders Grey." Quadrille, "Agnes Sovorell." Selection, " Masaniello." Polka—Montgomery. Galop. " God Save the Queen." The lecture delivered by the Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, on the subject of " Science and the Bible," has been published in pamphlet form by Mr S. Mullen, of Collins street, Melbourne. As the lecture has ex cited a good deal of attention in Melbourne, the pamphlet is likely to be acceptable to country readers. " I find the early crops throughout this part of the western district," observes our Stockyard Hill cor respondent, " looking healthy, yet there are visible signs of takeall in many places. I believe, however, it is confined mostly to soil that has been heavily cropped. The late crops are far from being in a healthy, state. In many places they have a linger and-die appearance. No doubt the frost did a great deal of harm, but up to this date I see no cause for alarm. The weather has changed: fine growing showers with a little sunshine is now favoring this part of the west. Snakes have been very plentiful for some time past. I have seen several large dia mond shakes killed, and heard of many encounters with others." We are glad to be able to tell the Chelsea, Green- , wich, and other pensioners that the staff officer will attend at Craig's hotel, Ballarat, for the purpose of paying pensions, on Wednesday, 6th October. Our Stockyard Hill correspondent thu3 writes-on 21st September:—"The squatters of the Western district are drawing their forces together, so that a general start of the wool harvest may be expected be fore this month is out. Want of water is the old cry, so that many must shear in the grease, and be so much more labor lost to the colony. It is rather a pleasing sight to see thousands of men out of employ ment, and the wool must go home to be washed. One would think that after those gentlemen having over twenty years' experience, it was time they began to think they were in the southern hemisphere and not in the northern, and see the utility of saving water at a proper season; but no, they don't like to see the surface of the soil broken. To be sure they make dams, at least, they call them by that name; but I think a few mullee hens would scratch larger mounds up in a few hours. A few more seasons like this will make a great many alterations in squatting. There is «very appearance of there being a greater scarcity of grass, yet there is hope. The weather at present looks a little more open. Stock looks well, so after shearing you may expect a good supply in the market." The ^judges of the Supreme Court, New South Wales, deciding the case of Coucher v the Borough of Newcastle, have laid down an important principle con cerning the duties and responsibilities of municipal councils. It is in effect, " that it is the duty of cor porate authorities at all times to take all reasonable precautions against accidents, by night or by day, to any person, whether drunk or sober, who may pass along any public place of which such authorities have the ' care and management.' " This interesting telegram from Wellington (N.S.W.) appears in the Sydney Ilerald of Saturday:—" The exploration of the caves, under the direction of Mr Krefft and Dr A. M. Thomson, is making good pro gress, and many remains of extinct animals, some of which are new to science, have been discovered. A trial shaft is already put down in the centre of the Breccia cave, to the depth of fifteen feet, and bones are still found at that depth." Some promotions have been made in the police force during the week ending 20th September: Sergeant 2nd class, Burland, Leontine (57), to 1st class; sergeant 2nd class, Holmes, Robert Fulton (1555), to 1st class; Senior-constible Dempster, Alexander (335), to sergeant 2nd class; detective 2nd class Hudson, John Kobert (540), to 1st class; detective 3rd class Lomax, Alfred (2133), to 2nd class. Constable Max ton, Lawrence (2293), has been discharged. Tlie secretary of the Ballarat Rifle Club has re ceived a challenge from the East Melbourne Rifle and Carbine Club, to fire a series of matches, the first at Ballarat, fifteen men aside. A meeting of members of the club will be held at the Camp hotel on Monday evening to make the necessary arrangements, and in the meantime there will bo a scratch match at the Butts to-day for practice, sides to be chosen on the ground. A man named James Carey, who is in the employ of the firm carrying on tlie Galatea Brewery, was taken to the hospital on Thursday evening, having fallen down a trap a distauce of about twelve feet on the previous evening, and having got a severe scalp wotfud. It having been currently reported that a Land Com mission would sit at Creswick on 23rd September, numbers of persons were in attendance on the day in question, and great disappointment was caused by the gentlemen expected not having put in an appearance. Thursday's Pleasant Creel: News says:—"A Land Commission, to consider applications, was held yester day at Ararat, in the police-court, when a large num ber of selectors were in attendance. The majority of the applications were recommended favorably to the consideration of the Crown. We heard a great deal of dissatisfaction expressed about the authorities of the Mining Board not having been put in possession of the date when the sittings were to be held, which would prevent them from making objections wherever it might have been deemed necessary." A special meeting of the committee of the Kyneton Agricultural Association was held on Saturday, for the purpose of receiving the report of the sub-committee appointed to compile the prize list for the coming National Show. The list as arranged by the sub-com mittee was adopted, but the suggestion that there should be an exhibition and trial of velocipedes oil the day after the show, was rejected, the committee hold ing that such an exhibition did not come within the province of the association. Alterations and additions to the yards, to the estimated amount of about £150, were decided upon, and tenders were ordered to be invited for the same. The date of the show has been changed by the Council of the Board of Agriculture to 24tli and 25th November, from 2nd and 3rd December. An accident, expected to terminate fatally, occurred at the Methodist Chapel, Grassy Gully, on Sunday last. A lad, about twelve years of age, named Brown, when ringing the bell for service, pulled it clean out out of its settings down to his head, on which it in flicted a horrible gash through which the brain pro truded. The doctors entertain scarcely a hope of his recovery. AY hat makes this occurrence the more harrowing, is the fact that the father is absent on a shearing expedition, and has always oeen averse to his children attending this chapel, they having been brought up Catholics. The attendance at tlie Loyal Liberal Bazaar on Thursday night exceeded even that of the previous evening, so that the concern goes on swimmingly and jovially. Of fun there is no lack, and the greatest good humor seems to prevail everywhere. In this the promoters of the affair no doubt join readily, seeing that the adventure is likely to lift the association clean out of debt, and give a good round balance to the good besides. A Mr Hannah appears to have got on the very blindest side of the traditionally fickle goddess, as he has been remarkably lucky at the lotterjr. He has won several valuable prizes, including the splendid stereoscope and the large engraving of the All England Cricket Match. The coat of arms was won by Mr A. Orr, of Mount Bolton; velocipede by Mr D. Roper, of Soldiers' Hill, the gasalier by Mr "\Varr, and the very elegant vase of paper flowers by Mr Meager, of Victoria street. It will be seen from our advertising columns that the bazaar will be open this evening. On Monday the numerous promoters and employers are to be treated to a soiree mustcale 11 dansantc, and we predict no end of romantic results as the consequent outcome of this politico-commercial and highly successful speculation. The receipts last evening amounted to £2S3. A boy about nine years old, the son of Mr Tre gonning, of the Black Bull hotel, Creswick, while on ■ his way to school on the morning o£ 23rd September, picked up in the middle of the road near the Wesleyan school, a nugget weighing rather more than 4 oz 11 dwt, and which was sold for £1S Gs. Tliis is another instance of the careless way in which stuff from the puddling machines is sluiced oii; and many a nugget forked out and thrown away. A Belfast telegram of Wednesday says that the feeling in Villiers and Heytesbury is in favor of the new Ministiy and of Mr Macdonnell, against whom there is not likely to be any successful opposition. Some time ago (writes the Sandhurst correspondent of the Argus) Mr Casey made one of his greatest poli tical enemies on Sandhurst a deputy county court judge, whereat one of the local papers said it took people's breath quite away. His last act of Christian charity has been the appointment of Mr Marl: Foy, who has particularly distinguished himself as an oppo nent of the party with which Mr Casey is identified, and whose qualifications for the honor are much criti cised on Sandhurst, to be a magistrate for Graytown. The appointment has caused a great deal of talk by no means complimentary. The fondness o£ sorac people for endeavoring to evade payment of debts by raising quibbles and throw ing stumbling-blocks in the way of the law, was shown by two Ciises in the District Court on Thurs day, in which the defendants, living at Wahgunyah, finding tliey were about to be served with a summons, went over the border into New South Wales. Mr Gaunt said they were both men well able to pay; and we may mention that a summons in the same case against one of tliem was sent up some time ago to "Wahgunyah and returned, in consequence of the de fendant having paid a sudden visit to New South "Wales, which he has this time repeated. The following cases of robbery, in addition to those which have already appeared in our columns, are from the last issue of the Police Gazette:—" Stolen from Peter Anderson, Buck's Head hotel, Ballarat, on the morning of the 9th instant, a tweed suit, since recovered; warrant against — Grey, aged 24, 5 feet 6 inches high, very dark complexion, dark-brown hair, small moustache and beard, stoutish and upright build. He is supposed to be about Ballarat. Stolen from the shop of Henry Whitehead, Sturt street, Bal larat, on the 10th instant, about 47 yards of dark grey alpaca coating, 35 inches wide." The Telegraph thinks that the hon. member for South Bourke, Mr Urews, should have confined his explanation at the Town-hall, Hawthorn, on Tuesday night, to his political tergiversation. His attempt to drag in extraneous subjects has not only failed, but has increased his difficulties. The statement he made at the meeting of his friends, as reported, was— " When he saw that the Corner was goiug to be made use of, he said to Mr Everard,' Be cautious what you do, and don't play into the hands of the Opposition, or you will oust Mr M'Culloch.1 Mr Everard said,' I don't care for the Ministry, for I hate M'Culloch.' Now he asked them when they remembered the bene fits the Ministry had conferred upon the country, and that he knew Mr Everard hated Mr M'Culloch, would he be doing his duty if he did not vote for the M'Culloch Ministry." On seeing this report on Wed nesday morning, Mr Everard at once addressed a letter to Mr M'Culloch, desiring an interview, when he distinctly denied the statement of Mr Crews. He also obtained an expression of Mr M'Culloch's opinion that he was fully aware that towards himself personally those who were in opposition to the late Government had no ill-will, and that he was prepared to make every allowance for language used in the heat of poli tical warfare. With respect to the real motives which actuate the opponents of Mr Macpherson and his colleagues, the | Bcndigo Independent shrewdly enquires:—" How is it that men of intelligence and unquestionable shrewd ness in other matters, cannot see through the plots and schemes of those who are terror-stricken at the idea of the records of their official doings being inves tigated by other people ? This is where the shoe pinches the late Government, and is the real cause of the wild cry of dismay which has been raised on its behalf, and were those who talk so much about their patriotism to think less about 3Ir M'CulIoch, and more about the country, they would use their influence to bring about a thorough overhaul of the various de partments which have been for so long a time man aged or mismanaged by Mr M'CulIoch and his col leagues. There can be little doubt but the strenuous efforts which are to be made to upset Mr Macpherson's Government are nothing but a last frantic effort to keep the public in the dark concerning the Land Office." The prize list of the Smeaton, Spring Hill, andBul larook Agricultural Association's ninth spring show will be found in our advertising fiolumns. The show is to be held on 11th and 12th November. J. JT. S., Sebastopol, writes to ask where he may obtain information as to the subjects for examination of candidates for the Civil Service. In answer, we may state that he will find them in the Government Gazette, and that if he will forward to the Government Printer the sum of two shillings, or half-a- crown, he can have transmitted to him the issue containing the information he requires. It is reported that a small party of miners, working alluvial ground between the Telegraph and Half-way House hotels, on the Buninyong road, gained on Thursday no less than 74 oz of gold. We {Argus) understand that a number of the share holders of the Colonial Bank, annoyed at the depreci atory rumors which in some quarters have been so in dustriously circulated against that institution, have resolved to ask for a special audit, so that all doubts upon the matter may be satisfactorily removed. I At the weekly sitting of the Board of Land and Works on Wednesday, Mr M'Kean took his seat as president for the first time. A tender for the fol lowing work was accepted :—New public offices, Bal larat, Wm. Seeley, £1045 7s lOd. We may state that the public offices referred to are those at the corner of Sturt and Lydiard streets. In compliance with a re quest from the Western council the elevation to Lydi ard street will be of a more ornate description than the present front in Sturt street, which will be altered to correspond with the new building. The upper windows will be taken out and others substituted, with pediments over thein to fill up the unsishtlv blank space under the eave. The present clumsy sills will also be removed, and a balcony of ballusters will be built in front of every window. The original de sign comprised a lofty tower with time-ball, but pro bably owing to the fact that the new Town-hall will have a lofty tower, this feature has been done away i with, although it is to be hoped that arrangements will eventually be made for a time-ball somewhere i else. The new building will comprise the Survey office, Telegraph-office, and Treasury, and the cost will | iu all amount to between six and seven thousand pound*. A Launcestou telegram of "Wednesday says:— "Messrs Westmau and Innes have returned from "Waterhouse, and confirm the news of the favorable prospect previously reported. Seventy men were at work in excellent spirits." A new use for " rooting" hogs lias been found out by My Hodsman, Sir Hutton's well-known overseer, at the Phoenix Mills, Tarrengower. The son of Mr Hodsman was walking near the slaughter-yards of Garrett Brothers, in the wake of a rooting old hog, when his eye caught a glistening object. The hog had unearthed a nugget of pure gold, which was tound to weigh 3 oz 11 dwt. A small rush to the ground has taken place. "We (Gcclony Advertiser) understand it is the inten tion of the Commissioner of Railways to replace third class carriages oh the national railways. If possible the change will be made on the 1st of October; if, however, carriages cannot be got ready by that date, it may be deferred until the middle of the month. It is also the intention to use for this purpose decent carriages, weather proof, and not the disgraceful cattle trucks which did duty on a former occasion. It'is possible, also, that second-class carriages will be made more comfortable than heretofore. Whilst on this subject we may mention that the time table for Octo ber will include the Saturday excursion trains from Melbourne and Ballarat to Geelong, which last season proved so popular. The Telegraph furnishes us' with particulars from a no iloubt trustworthy source of a grand fiery ordeal, to which colonial and imported " safes " are to be this day subjected iu Ballarat:—" There is to be a trial of the fire- proof qualities of iron safes at the "Western Market, Ballarat, on Friday, at which Mr George Dykes, a colonial manufacturer, intends to place one of his own in competition with one of Milner's. Fifty tons of wood and 300 gallons of coal tar are to be consumed, and the rival safes being placed in the centre are to remain there until the fire is exhausted. Sir Dyke informs us that he is so confident of the resisting power of his preparation, that he intends to place two watches and a gold chain inside his safe. The bank managers of Ballarat have consented to act as judges, and it i3 anticipated that the fire will take through the greater part of the dav to consume. The report of the Railway Workshops Committee may be .expected next week, the committee meeting 011 Tuesday next to determine upon its terms. The Age says:—"As already observed, the resolutions passed ou which the report will be based are of a very decided character, and though the precise nature of the committee's deductions from the evidence is not yet known, it is generally understood that they are likely to lead to material changes in .the management of the railway workshops. We believe that wc are within the mark in stating that although the com mittee have been induced to comment severely tipon certain officials in the department, they have ascer tained nothing whatever calculated to reflect prejudi cially upon the Engineer-in-Chief, Sir Higinbotham." The inhabitants of Growler's Creek have sustained a terrible shock, which is thus described in the Ovens and Murray Advertiser:—"About half-past nine o'clock on Saturday evening, while a large audience were at the Prince of Wales hotel, enjoying Mr Spiller's graceful evolutions on the roller-skates, a couple of miners went to the Miner's-Eight hotel, and being ' under the influence,' caused some disturbance, which alarmed the landlady, the proprietor being away at the skating rink. Being alone, she very natu rally went to call her husband home, and sent in word to him that two men were in the house breaking things; but, by some misunderstanding, the message was given that 'Power was sticking-up the place.' The scene that ensued was indescribable. The land lord of the Priuce of Wales got a.' sliootin' iron, sta tioned himself on his verandah, and, motioning the crowd to keep back, declared himself ready to receive the invader, who was supposed to be about half a mile off. The landlord of the vio lated hostelry, Spiller in his skates, the local ' gentlemen in blue,' and the man who ori ginally blundered the message (he is slightly deaf I am told), all made straight for the Miner's-Right. On arriving there, the guardian of the peace took up a ! position behind the big and well-known gum-tree at host Lynch's door, with a view of rushing the bush- j rangers on their leaving the house; but as this event seemed slow in taking place, the deaf niau resolved to brave all dangers, and went in to beard the lion in his den, the Douglas in his hall. The denouement can be easily imagined; but while this party was valiantly confronting danger, some of the more prudent of the audience were secreting their cash and iewellerv. Mr Spiller's bag of skates beiug selected as the liiding j place for c£l> and a valuable gold watch, by one gentle man, whose residence unfortunately lay in the rear of the euomy, and who in vain invited volunteers to ac company hitu over the range to cut oft' the invaders' base of operations, communications, and line of re treat. Space does not permit me to give more than a i mere sketch of this occurrence, which has supplied us with a fund of merimeut not easily exhausted." A musical and literary entertainment was given in the Town-liall, Scarsdale, on Wednesday evening, the i 22nd instant, on behalf of the Scarsdale District Relief Fund piano. Mr J. P. Roberts, mayor of the borough, I occupied ithe chair. The hall was well-filled on the occasion, and the musical part of the entertainment deserves especial 'mention. Mr H. Young presided at the piano. Songs were given by Messrs Poppelwell, W. Young, A. Ticknor, and J. Cutler. The Scarsdale Glee Club, assisted by Mr A. Young and W. Tempest, sang some good glees in excellent style, while duets were sung by Messrs H. Young and H. J. Cutler, and Mr Cutler and W. H. Roberts. The latter gentleman, who has but recently gone to live in the district, has an excellent voice, and as a musician must be consi dered a great acquisition to the musical talent of the place. About £7 will accrue to the fund by the enter tainment. The proceedings throughout met with deserving applause." We learn that the sum of £9 10s, the net proceeds of the late anniversary of the Sons of Temperance, Scarsdale, has been handed over to the Relief Fund. A " popular entertainment " was given last evening in the All Saints School- room, Drummond street, and was well attended, the Toom being quite full. The following ladies and gentlemen took part in the enter tainment:—Mis3 Lemon, Miss Green, Miss Manders, Messrs Smith, Nash, Hall, Nicholls, Jones, Watson, Chalmers, Benedict, Masters, Wilson, Emery, Casser ley, and Bremer. The choir of All Saints Church also gave some pretty glees in good style. All the performances were loudly applauded, and in some instances repetitions were demanded. The performance of the Simonsens at the Fine Arts Exhibition grows nightly more and more popular, and last evening the hall and gallery of the Mechanics' Institute was quite as well filled as it could be, the audience being obliged to stand or sit in one position all the evening. The solos, duetts, and quartetts given by Madame Simonsen, Miss Nordt, Mr Moule, and Mr Harcourt Lee were very-well received and hardly anything given escaped an encore. Mr Lee accom panies the singers in a very perfect way, and we could not hardly say too much in favor oE Martin Simonsen's performances on the violin. Tko performance will be continued to- night. 