PROMINENT TOPICS. THK Wesf Bourke Guardian WANTS A SCOUNKHF,], AND F)NJ)S HIM. T)le <' ]i g ihi % OF certain (Jfnllcmeii—as ranked by the Ministry—for the magisterin 1 oflice hns been freely canvassed in the Legislative Assembly upon the motion of Mr. Bowman, M..P. for Maryborough. Amongst others appointed to the office and stated to be eligible only by reason of their partisan politics, the name of Mr. Jeremiah Byan, of Bacchus Marsh, was brought prominently forward. The Minister of Justice, the Hon. J. J. Casey, and his subordinate, the Hon. Mr. Attorney-Gel)era] Smith, as was to be expected, proclaimed Mr. Kyau a paragon of learning, wit, ami wisdom. He also had the singular merit of belonging to a particular nationality which sufficed for the Attorney-General, who has been himself ever distinguished for his proclivities towards the particular nationality. Mr. Ryan, however, has reason to be grateful to his patrons in the Ministry, for they told the truth in their own peculiar way. That portion of the press, too, that is remarkable for its acrimonious slanders against everything " Irish " and " Catholic," patronises Mr. liynn. The 71 Buurke Guardian—than Its to spiritual iniluejx.'e—took up the cudgels for Mr. ltyan, and then a fortnight later old Mother li-Arje clasps Jeremiah to her maternal breast, and holds forth himself and his Guardian angel in the following characteristic fashion :— "In their readiness to liarlc in with any rry ngaiust the Ministry, no matter how absurd or unfounded, a certain scctioii of the Opposition elo not hesitate to stultify themselves, although indeed that process may often be considered a v/oik of supeieiogation. We shall let the following paragraph from the H'eW liourhe Guardian carry its own comment, merely premising that it sheds u somewhat ludicrous light upon the charges of prejudice occasionally directed against the Government:— 1 The Aduncate appears to be ashamed of the course pursued by it iu regard to the appointment of Mr. J. ltyan to the oflice of a justice of the peace. Some frieuds of truth in this district have enlightened the editor of that journal us to the real facts of the case. The action on their pait was stiengthened by the perusal of a leader iu the Guardian, and elicited lroiu the Advocatc a remark that it wag'glad to find the strictures of the Bacchus Marsh Express totally undeserved.' A writer in the Advocate pays a deserved tribute to the uprightness, attainments, and respectability of Mr. ltyan, whom he designates a • deserving gentleman and leading Catholic.' These encomiums, based as they arc upon truth, must be gall and wormwood to the few enemies Mr, Hyan has in this district. We think the Advocate is bound to expose the scoundrel who, by misrepresentation, induced the editor to pen the remarks in that journal in opposition to Mr, Ryan's appointment.' " Such is the hypoariticril snivel of the incorrigible old " No Popery" beldam, pretended to be based upon the untruthfulness and barefaced misrepresentation practised by the West Bourke Guardian. The Guardian informed the public and its readers that the Advocate stated that it was " glad to find the strictures of the Bacchus Marsh Express totally undeserved;" and thereupon asks the Advocate to expose the " SOOUNWIHL who by misrepresentation induced the editor to pen th e remaxks in opposition to Mr. Ryan's appointment." We now request Mr. Editor of the Guardian to take the copy of this Journal, No. 5, Vol, 2, 30th January, 180!), and to show it to Mr. Jeremiah JLlyaii, J..V., when if that gentleman does his duty he will convict the editor of the Guardian of being no better than old Mother K-Aye; in fact he will mulct the " SuouNbitiii.," who by misrepresentation wrote iu favour of Mr. liyan's appointment. What the Advocate did say was—That " we shall he i/Jad to (iml the strictures of tin; Bacchus 'Marsh Express totally undeserved." 13y omitting " I Ye shall he ijlud to Jiiid " the misrepresenting " SCOUNIJUHL " in favour of Mr. Ryan, made it appear tiiat the Advocate said what it never meant to say, and did not say. We hope the Guardian has found his •' SCOUNDREL." NO doubt Mr. Guardian remembered his prototype, who quoted scripture to prove that there was no God—thus The fool saith in his heart that there is no God." By omitting " The Foul saith in his heart," the atliiest endeavoured to justify his blasphemy. Upon such a stratagem as this Mrs. R-Age, Messrs. Casey, Smith, Guardian, and Co. acted, "Evasive, but not untruthful," is the Attorney-General's own adopted motto. What emotions were uppermost iu the philanthro- DOWNING STREET GRATlTUUl;. pic breast of the notorious Henry Parkes, whilom Chief Secretary of New South Wales,when theimperialannounce ment was made that James Martin nnd Terence Aubrey Murray were made Knights, and that John Baylcy Darvall and Charles Cowpcr had the Orders of St. Michael and St. George conferred upon them ? We fancy they would be somewhat akin to those of— 6ay the Grand Master of the Irish Orangemen taking the oath of allegiance before the Catholic Irish Lord Chancellor O'Hagan, or William Hinds imploring Father Barry's blessing. The Hon. Sir James Martin, who wooed and won the constituency he misrepresents as an Irishman and a Catholic and who represents the Catholics as Commissioner of Education, Knighted ! The Hon. Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, the able, learned, arid polished Australian representative of the sfedfast Catholic family of the Limerick Murrays—he, too, Knighted !! The Kiama ghost WHS angelic compared with the gliosis of Cowprrand Darvall loituring the ROD! of Parkes 'finery. The gratitude mid allegiance he foreswore anil betrayed towards those two gentlemen, is now rewarded in them with the honour and preferment of their sovereign. All this, aud Parkes not Knighted, not even C.B'd.! That historic scene of Parkes. and the thirty-one M.L.A.s' filling the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales the other evening, with the fetid breath of their spurious aud ignominious roars of loyalty, must surely go no longer unrequited. If Parkes had served his country as he strained every nerve and incurred every humiliation in his degrading efforts to serve himself, he would now be Knighted. Another Treason-Felony Bill and another Fenian Conspiracy, and Parkes will be honoured iu the land and be beloved in Downing Street. And yet it would seem that the baseness of his motives and his congenial predilections for the company of Myers, Benedict, and Co. arc looked upon as evidence of an unwortliiness of all honourand preferment. In his disappointment he should now intimate to his hackers that he would not be averse to taking the appointment of Grand Master of the Omwje Lodge at Kiama. CREATING AND l'll.UNO VACANCIES. It was a very grave charge to bring against the Government that as they were dismissing old servants they were filling their places with new chums. The country would not be less indignant at such conduct than the Civil Servants who were discharged in the process of rctrcnchinent. It is not, therefore, surprising that when such a statement was made in reference to the Post Office, the ministerial organ promptly published an explanation. It is admitted that one new chum —two, it was alleged—had obtained temporary employment, but it is asserted that none of the otlicers whose services were dis pensed with were suitable for the work for which he was engaged. Now, we ask if it is credible that men who had risen iu the service i'rum the lowest ranks were unlit to perform any work iu the office for which a new hand was ompetent. This is a flimsy excuse, which only ery much aggravates the case. The plain nd incontrovertible facts of the case are that the relative of au officer in a high position in he department was, through gross favouritsm, and most unfairly, employed in prefernce to dismissed officers and supernumaries. nd it is not the least mitigation of the hardhip that immediately upon a complaint of the njustice being made public, the favoured inividual was told to leave. The complaint as made in the morning, and early in the orenoon of the same day he was missed from he office by the other officers. We shall proably have something more to say on this ubject that will more fully expose the little rtifices practised to enable the Elizabeth St. rgan to oiler an excuse in the least degree lausible. No one will doubt but that A SOP TO THE the supernumaries employed UJSCONTlSNTliU. by the present Government "'ere almost to a man Loyal Liberals, whoso patrons had rendered the M'Cnlloch Ministry services of some kind, openly or secretly. All. or nearly all, of them haviug been discharged, there was much discontent among these people, and not a little among their friends or elatives who had recommended them to the lace. It was desirable to calm this dissatisaction—it might gross' into a dangerous lemeut in political affairs—and for that purose £14,000 has been placed on the Estimates. t becomes sometimes very expensive to satisfy he exigencies of a popular Government, and his item furnishes a remarkable illustration f the fact. We shall be much mistaken if he country have not yet to pay dearly for the etrenchments effected by the Government. At length the attention the DRURXAGE OF agency of the case demands MELIIOUUKE. - I • , . , „ is being bestowed upon the drainage question. The suburban councils, upon the invitation of the City Council, have under consideration a proposal to join the Corporation in a comprehensive scheme for the drainage of the metropolitan district, and it is most probable that such a plan will be adopted. Roth the City Council and the suburban bodies consider that they have an indefeisihle claim upon the Government for £200,000 towards the cost of any system of drainage that may be devised; and an application for that sum, with interest, will be made and pressed if not allowed. And in other matters also some action lias been taken to preserve to people the inestimable value of pure air. A report has been furnished upon tlie pollution of the Yarra; and as iu this document the CEUBOB of its fouhiess are clearly indicated, it may be expected that decisive steps will be taken in the matter. Weobservethatthe City Council is improving the lanes and alleys of the town, by forming footpaths and channelling in those narrow and filthy ways. If the active measures commenced in favour of cleanliness and health be followed up wilh perseverance and energy, we may hope that in a short time a considerable improvement will have been effected in the sanatory condition of the city aud suburbs, and that in the course of a year or two Melbourne with lis suburbs will present a contrast to its present filthy and unwholesome features. 