" » THE UNBOLTED DOOR. An agod widow sat alone Beside hor narrow hearth j Her. silent cottage never hoard, . Tho ringing laugh of . mirth. Sixrchildren onco. had sported, there, but now T tho churohvard snow -i-AipoU softly on flyo- littlo graves that wore- not long ugo. . . ... «.r -<t<\+ . . ..vf dArhflg and her pride, The woeful mother lived to wish that she had \- also died ! Those little ones beneath tho snow , Not lost but gone before ; Faith taught hor all was well with them And then the pang was o'or ; Butwhonsho- thought where Katie- was, she saw tho city's glare, Tho painted, mask of hitter joy which Need \- - gives Sin to wear,- -- - -- - Without the snow was thick and white, No step had fallen tlioro ; Within she sat beside hor fire, , -Eaoli thought a silent prayer, v . When .suddenly behind , hor seat, unwonted . .noiso slio hoard, t r > As though a hesitating hand tho rustic, latcli . . had stirred. She turned, and there the wanderer stood,- jj. ... . . With snowflakes on her hair, A faded woman, wild and worn, \- ' The ghost of sometlung fair. " Aud r tlion upon the motlior's nock the J- ' -withered brow was laid, " Can God and you forgive me nil ? for I have sinnod, sho said. Tho widow dropped upon her knees, r — - Boforo tho fading firo, And thanked tho Lord, whose loving hand . Off ( \ -. Had granted lior dosiro. ; . Tho daughter kneeled besido her,.' too, tears Btrcnmmg from hor eyes, And prayed; ".God help mo to bo good to mother ere sho dies ! " Thoy did not talk about the sin, The sharno, the bittor woo - . / .Thpy spoke about those little graves,- \- — And things of long ago. - -"And" then tho- daughter raised her eyes, and \- said in undertone, , " Why did you keep tho - door unbarred when 1 you woro qmto alone ?" - " My child " the widow said and smilod . 1 A Bmilo of lovo and pam j , "I kopt it so lost you should como,. .no And turn away again ; : I've waited for you all the whilo-n mother's . .... -love is truo j " i , Tpt it is but the shadowy typo of His who dio rr' -for you!" fiW Jn.iUi ' Uayc"wc| asks tho Alliencoum, any autograph Work of Cliauceis ?-, f Tliorp ronlly seems a chance of our liavin" a fcopy of this " Astrolabe," -writton, perhaps, by " Adam Convenor," and corrected by tho poet himself. Mr Skeat, who Is now editing the " Astro labe for this Early English Text Society, finds, on comparing a copy of the Bodleian MS., Ashmolo 391, with the best- Cambridge University MS., that the forineiv corresponds with tho latter — barring a largo gap — word for word and letter for lottcr, except that lmtlio three hundred mistakes of tho Ashmolo MS;, the Cambridge one lias, in but four chance instances, been ';carofully corrected, tho wrong letters being scratched out, and tho right one written over them. This HituVof clabornto correction is genorully attri buted to' thb author himsolf, nnd wo believe rightly. Wo hope greht care will be taken to see wbotlior the character. of the- writing and corrcotionB gives fuir oridenco of belonging to tlio writer's ago. Ifitdoos, Cambridge myrejoieoin horMS., and many a pilgrim, 'Jfromovory shires ondo ofEiigoloud," should wendo to'Ganlcbriggo to soo It. \- ' a dvt. J I ol'oicay's Pills. — Enfeebled Existence. — Tlnsmedicine embraces every attribute required in a general and domestic remedy j it overturns the foundations of discaso laid by defective food and impij'rq air.. In ohstrnctions or oongostions of tho liver, luiig's, bowels, or any other organ, these Pills armesiiocially serviceable and eminently successful. They.'phottld bo kopt in readiness iu every family, as tbey are a medicine without a fault for yomig persons, aud those of fcoblo constitutions. Thoy never cause pain, or irritate the most sensitive nerves or most, tendor bowels. Holloway's Pills are the best known purifiers of tho blood, and the host promoters of absorption and secretion, - which remove all poisonous aud obnoxious particles from both solids ahd fluid?. ' ' ' 