TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1869. À country contemporary, by no means favourably disposed to the present Ministry, remarks with respect to the local tribunals originated by Mr. M'KEAN :— " The holding of these local land intiuirios will open up new and important duties for the local press everywhere throughout the colony. Alike hy impartial reports of pro- ceedings, and by free comment where called for, the ends of justice will he furtheied, and public confidence promoted." We are glad to perceive from the tone of the country press generally that the change thus effected is warmly ap- proved of, and that the best results are expected to flow from the abolition of the system of " proper representations," and from the decentralising of a good deal of the administrative work of the Lands and Survey department. And here we may find fit occasion to remark that the provincial newspapers of this colony, many of which are conspicuous for the ability, courage, and consistency with which they are conducted, are, with a few insignificant exceptions, and without reference to the politics I which they espouse, zealous in the cause of honest government, and prompt to expose and reprobate mal- practices. This is a circuuisfcance of hopeful import for the country, and it promises to neutralise to some extent the demoralising influence upon the community of the scandals which have been, or which yet may be, brought to light in connexion with the Land Office. It would be a great misfortune for Vic- toria if, instead of every township of importance possessing its local journal, exercising an independent criticism and vigilant censorship over the conduct of our public men, we had a number of sub- servient and subsidised newspapers, sup- pressing ormisrepresenting whateverfacts told to the disadvantage of their suborners, or, as in the United States, deliberately sharing in the plunder of the public exchequer, and vindicating and uphold- ing fraud and corruption. In reporting and commenting upon the proceedings which will take place at the sittings of these local tribunals, our provincial contemporaries will have an opportunity of giving that publicity to the administrative acts of the Land Office which is fatal to jobbery and to the exercise of backstairs influences; and tribunals of this kind, held in the immediate vicinity of lands which are the subject of application or dispute, will naturally occupy the attention of the inhabitants of the district, and elicit precisely that amount and that descrip- tion of testimony which is most needed to enable those who are called upon to adjudicate between rival claimants, or to pronounce upon their bona fides, to arrive at a just and satisfactory decision. Hitherto the rule has been secrecy, and the success or failure of an applicant has depended upon the amount of political influence he could bring to bear upon the head of tho department, who found it impossible to say " no " to the importunate solicitations of men who were always to be calculated upon to vote steadily upon an important de- cision, or to resist the mandates of a colleague with troublesome and earth hungering constituents to propitiate. Much of the toleration extended by the public to the malpractices which have occurred in connexion with the administration of the Crown lands, has arisen from a feeling of the utter hope- lessness of contending against the state of things which existed under the late regime. People who wanted any kind of business transacted at the Land Office perceived that it could only be effected through certain channels, and that ii these ware had recourse to, no reason- able or unreasonable solicitation would he unsuccessful. Complaint was useless : for the men who held possession oi every avenue to that oflice were omni potent inside of it, and presented a for midable combination in Parliament. Te assail them was to attack the strong fortress of privilege behind which thej entrenched themselves; and what re dress could be looked for by a pooi selector, smarting under a sense of in justice, and incapable, perhaps, of put ting his grievance in an intolligible form or of finding any member of Parliamen willing to venture upon such a forlón hope as that of challenging an inquirí into transactions which a majority o the House would be averse to inves tigate ? Under such circumstances many honest and well-intentioned mel acquiesced in a system which they wen impotent to overthrow, and were evei denied the opportunity of exposing and hence complaints diminished, ant the clients of " Land-office members1 increased in number, until the practice! upon which they throve became thi rule, and the transaction of business a that office upon an independent footinj was the rare exception. To this demoralising and perniciou condition of affairs we hope that a death blow has been administered by the in stitution of local tribunals, amenable ti public opinion, and subjected to th salutary criticism of the newspapers o the district. Applicants and complain ants of all classes will feel that thei cases are much more likely to receiv due consideration in a public court, tha in the board-room in Latrobe-street, o in the private apartment of the Ministei or in the lobbies of his office ; even admil ting that he was desirous of dealin justly and honestly with the subject brought before him. And where, un.de tbe new mode of administration, erro- neous decisions may be arrived at, they are capable of being promptly and easily corrected. All the preceding and surrounding circumstances -will be brought into public review, and will be made the subject of public discussion and the principles and practice of self government will be extended by this voluntary renunciation on the part of the Minister of Lands and Survey of some of his inordinately large functions and by this judicious effort to decen- tralise the authority which has bp" > concentrated up to the present time'" ii the office in Latrobe-street, and exer- cised in reality by men who made use of the political head of the Lands depart- ment for their own selfish purposes. An important question relating to the Melbourne churches, to which it is diffi- cult to find a satisfactory reply, has been asked by a correspondent in the columns of this journal : " Where do " the poor people go for their religious " instruction V The inquirer hasvisited he tells us, many of the Protestant churches in this city, and has looked, in vain, for any representatives of the poorer classes among the worshippers. Hence his interrogatory. There can be no doubt thàt'churcli going in Melbourno is confined chiefly to the ranks of well-to-do persons. Con- gregation after congregation may be inspected, and each will be found to be composed of men, women, and children handsomely, and in many stances profusely, attired, and evi- dently capable of contributing liberally to the plate which makes suoh constant appeals to their generous instincts. The interior of the church commonly assumes the-aspect of an emporium of fashion. The popular haberdashers and outfitters are well represented therein, and the jewellers are by no means forgotten. Eeligion appears lavishly dressed in satin, silks, and broadcloth. Serge and fustian remain without the sacred doors. We have heard it suggested that in Melbourne the poorer orders dress so well, that from a merely sartorial point of view they are tlnreCôgiiisable.1 This hypothesis, however, it is to be feared, is not a trustworthy one. In Melbourne, as elsewhere, there are num- bers of persons who, if they went to church, would have to make their appear- ance there in attire not much less homely than that of the apostles. They have to stand the severest buffets of fortune dur- ing the working days of the week, and would be greatly soothed and comforted by attending Divine service on the Sunday. They cannot, however, con- tentedly join the gay throngs which make up the majority of the congrega- tions, and so prefer to stay away alto- gether. It is a sad, but an undoubted fact, that few of the poor of Melbourne take part in congregational worship, at least among the Protestant sects. Wealth, respectability, and pretension go to church with severe regularity, but poverty and misery shun the portals which should, be, were religion vital, peculiarly attractive to them. One eminent divine of the Church of England has seized the opportunity of complaint being advanced on this sub- ject, to prefer an argument against the abolition of state aid. He contends that the grant from the public coffers to the various denominations ought not to be withdrawn, seeing how much the poor stand in need of religious instruction. It is not easy to discern the force of this application. State aid to religion would appear to have little to do with the question, inasmuch as state aid to religion has failed to secure to the poor the advantages which it is sought to obtain for them. It is after many years of state aid that the shortcoming is pointed out. The congregations which at present exist are well able to take care of themselves. If the state is to assist the poor in obtaining religious in- struction, it is evident that some totally different system to that which has hitherto prevailed must be adopted. The removal of the state crutch, by leaving religion entirely to the support of those earnestly moved to befriend it, would probably, by awakening it to greater vitality, cause it the better to perform the functions expected of it. The evil which our correspondent has pointed out is doubtless one of no small magnitude, albeit one which is far easier detected and exposed than remedied. The poor of Melbourne, it may be taken for granted, do not obtain the religious instruction of which they stand urgently in need. How is it to be provided, then 1 It would be useless to set apart any portion of the fashionable churches for their especial behoof, for they would not come to occupy the seats reserved for their use. They have their pride quite as naturally as, and, it may <= reasonably be urged, moro excusably than their betters. They will not go to hear the religion of lowliness, meek- ness, and humility preached to them in their pauper places, in view of a be- wildering galaxy of fashion and ele- gance. It is doubtful whether, under such circumstances, it would do them much good if they did go. They will, from the sixpenny gallery of a theatre, regard the five shilling oc- cupants of the dress circle with the utmost nonchalance, because they know that the distinction is merely a mo- netary one, and that the " open sesame" to each part of the house has a fixed money value. But in church they are told that all are equal-that, if anything, they have the better claim to places of honour. They are taught that religion knows no distinction of persons, while they see themselves picked out as paupers, and pushed to the doors by the paying portion of tho congre- gation. The mockery is too apparent to be borne with patience, and they»\ avoid it by stopping away. The only feasible method of provid- ing religious instruction for the poor would seem to be by carrying it to their own doors. They will not visit the great central churches, and under pre- sent circumstances their absence scarcely affords matter for wonder or condem- nation. But were edifices of a humbler description to be erected and maintained in the thickly-populated, unfashionable parts of Melbourne, Carlton, and Col lingwood, it is probable that they would be numerously attended, and be instru. rmcntal in accomplishing much spiritual good. Those who ministered to them, however, would have to be men capable, of making themselves at home among the poor, understanding their needs, and thoroughly conversant with their modes of life and mental charac- teristics. No perfunctory performance of mere Sabbath services would be of the slightest use. Those who undertake to preach to the poor have to enter on their task as a labour of love, and to win the confidence during the week of the congregations which on Sundays they attempt to in- struct. It is in this wise that the priests of the Roman Catholic Church secure such extensive influence, and . draw the poor to their altars. It is for the Protestant churches to discover whether they possess the men qualified to perform this work, and can find the, pecuniary means among the wealthy churchgoers to render their services available, The most pressing business in the Legisla live Council to-night is the further considera- tion in committco of the Mining Companies Act Amendment Bill. There is also the third reading of the Local Government Act Amend- ment Bill, and the second reading of the Pay- ment of Members Bill, to which hon. members ?will Le invited to devote their attention. In the Legislative Assombly the first report of the .Lands Inquiry Committee will bo presented, and it is not improbable that this may give rise to a personal and acrimonious debate, although it will bo contrary ,-fo Parliamentary practice to consider a report without due notice being given. If in this case the ordinary procedure bo ob- served, there is routine business sufficient to (taconpy bon. members before the adjourn ?ment for refreshment,, and after that hour tlic debate on Mr. Higinbotham's resolu- tions will be resumed, and-it is most fer- vently to be hoped-be finished. There has .been enough waste of timo already. Aiiinformation has been filod in tho Equity Court by tho Attorney-General, to cancel tho Crown grant of land at Stuartmill, issued to Mi. T. Sanderson, on which the Velocipede Mining Company were carrying on mining 'Operations. The land was put up for sale by .auction at an upset price of 30s. per acre, but was not purchased ; and under the provisions of tho Land Act, was open for selection. Some miners afterwards took it up under miners' r rights, and worked it for two years. A mining lemo was then applied for, and the Velocipede Company formed to continue the mining ^operations. Mr. Sanderson, a squatter, in the beginning of 1869, applied to the Lands Office for permission to select the land, and although the Mining department knew it was auriferous, a Crown grant of the land was issued to him, he having ouly paid about 30s. per acre for it. Sanderson offered it to the miners for £5,000, or to lease it for 15 years for £1,000, and 1,000 paid-up shares. The Crown then instituted pro- ceedings to obtain a cancellation of the grant. Defendant demurred to the bill on technical grounds, chiefly because it was vague and un- certain, and did not allege whether Sander- son obtained the grant by fraud or mistake. Judgment was reserved. The action of Broxon v. A Ween and others, commenced in the Supreme Court on Satur- day, was concluded yesterday at a late hour. The defendants were squatters in the Wim- mera district, who had seized a flock of sheep belonging to Brown, which he was talcing to a run he had in that district. It appeared that the scab inspector had, in the fust instance, refused them permission to travel ¡ not because they were diseased, but because they were supposed to have raised .with other diseased flocks ; but acting under 'instructions from Melbourne, the permit was subsequently granted. Anotherscab-inspeotor, however, stopped the sheep as they were on tering the Wimmera district, declared them scabby, and tho defendants offered £500 to Brown to permit thom to be slaughtered. Whilst he was absent at St. Arnaud obtaining advice, they took tho affair into their own hands, and killed and burned the sheep. Some witnesses for the plain 1 tiff described the modo of killing as icing cruel in the extreme, but the defend- ants and some other witnesses contradicted this statement positively, and said the sheep were killed in the usual manner. The de- fendants having admitted they acted illegally, and paid £S00 into court, the only question was whether this amount was sufficient com- pensation. Witnesses for the defence said the sheep were quite valueless, while the plaintiff estimated them as worth from 6s. to 8s. Tho jury returned a verdict for plaintiffs for £2,500 in addition to the sum paid into court, apparently valuing them at 7s. Od. per head. A case of an unusually complicated and uninteresting character came on for hearing yesterday, in the New Court, before Mr. Jus. tice Williams, and a jury of four. It was an action brought by the mayor and Council of Titzroy, to recover £182, the balance due on account of rates levied since 1863, on certain unoccupied property belonging to Thomas Mahoney, in Brunswick-street. The wit- nesses for the plaintiffs found considerable difficulty in proving their case, and succeeded in completely bewildering their counsel, the Court, and the jury, During the course of the investigation it was discovered that in 1838 an informality had occurred in respect to the levying of the rate for that year, which had the effect of reducing the plaintiff's claim hy £137. The defence substantially was, that the rates had been paid, as it was alleged that the council had no right to sot-off amounts paid since 1863, in liquidation of rates which had accrued before that dato. Ultimately, by consent, a verdict was entered for the de" fendant, leave being reserved fo both sides to move. Mr. Justice Williams will sit to-day m Mr. Justice Barry's chambers, as all the courts are occupied. .The meeting of the City Council yesterday was almost of a formal nature, but towards the close of the proceedings a good deal of time was wasted in endeavouring to force to a conclusion a debate on Alderman Wragge's Biotion against the opening of a roadway through Carlton-gardens. Councillor Story having talked against time for upwards of half an hour, an adjournment of the council was proposed and agreed to. Amongst tho ¡business transacted was the appointment of the usual committees and the settlement of tho amount of tho mayor's allowance, which »vas fixed at the customary sum, £1,000. The question as to the best mode of improving on the present system of watering the streets, uith regard to which a notico of motion had fceen tabled hy Councillor M'Pherson, was re- ferred to the Public Works Committee. The board appointed to inquire into the alleged infringement of the secrecy of the H'clegraph-office, in respect to a racing tele Siam, mot again, yesterday, and concluded citing evidence. The board then adjourned, yA will give its decision on the return of Mr. .Taiery, one of the members, from Cape Howe. It ia understood that no evidence of a crimi- natory nature has been forthcoming. The efforts of the Benevolent Asylum Com. snittce to obtain the use of the Exhibition, building for their forthcoming public enter tainments-concerts, lectures, &c;, to bo crowned by a grand bazaar-in aid of that admirable institution, havo resulted in suc- cess. Tho object of tho committee waa to be able to use tho hall for concerts, to ho given ty the various choral societies (including the Liedertafel and tho Albert Choral Society), leading solo performers, &c;, of the metropolis,, 1 Who havo volunteered their services ; and for I the lectvucs, which some of the leading literary and scientific men of Melbourne havo promised to deliver. The above will occupy intervals during a period lasting from Novem- ber 17 till about December 10. On December 13 the grand bazaar will be opened, and last till December 20. The only difficulty in the way lay in the question how the mineralógica!, museum was to be disposed of, and tbo con- trol that was to be exercised over the build- ing. These points wero mooted yesterday at an interview betweon his Honour Sir Redmond Barry, representing the trustees! of the Public Library, and Mr. Tulk, tbo librarian, on tho one hand, and Mr. E. Wild, J*.P., and Mr. E. L. Zox, representing the committee of the Benevolent Asylum, on the other. His Honour manifested a strong desire to meet the viows of the committee, and a plan was arranged whereby the mineralogical exhibits should, when the hall was required, bo placed in the side aisles, thus leaving tbo spaco between the pillars clear. His Honour has taken timo to consider whether he will accept the office of chairman of the com- mittee, Mr. Tulk to become a member thereof. Such a plan will settle the question' of responsibility as to the exhibits in>a very simple fashion. The Palm Tree, Captain Capper, which left our shores yesterday, carried away for the Melbourno Meat-preserving Company no less than 250 tons of tallow, and 287,0001b. of preserved meat, valued at £17,000, con- signed to the company's agents in London The whole of this largo quantity was manu- factured at the Maribyrnong Works in three weeks, whereas at the corresponding period of last year it occupied the company over two months to produce a similar quantity. We understand that freight to a considerable amount has been engaged by the Brockham the Sussex, the Holmsdalo, and other ships shortly to leave, and it is antieipatod that the value of tho company's exports during the current quarter will not fall far short of £100,000. Mrs. Maria M'Taggart, who appeared be- fore the Police Court on Saturday last, in the character of an unprotected female in search of a runaway husband, appeared again yester- day, to prosecute her claim to a young Ger- man, named Henry Meyers, a ship carpenter on board the Wolverine. Two men were called, who knew M'Taggart when he was working for Messrs. Danks, and stated that the man beforo the Court did not bear the slightest resemblance to him. The Bench were satisfied tbat the case was one of mis- taken identity, and dismissed the prisoner. Mrs. M'Taggart departed very much crest- fallen, as she had ovidontly sot hor heart on securing the prisoner for her husband. Proceedings have again been instituted against Messrs. M'Meikan and Reid, tho pro- prietors of the Flemington Bone-mills, for creating a public nuisance, the complainants this timo being tho Board of Health. The case was to have been heard yesterday at the Flemington Police Court, but the other busi- ness having occupied until noon, tho local magistrates were unable to give their further attendance, and the complaint was adjourned until next Monday. It has reasonably enough been suggested that in dealing with a case in which local interests aro so much concerned, the services of a police magistrate on the bench would bo very acceptable to all parties. A respectable-looking young man named William Thompson was brought before tho ma. gistrates in the City Court, yesterday, charged with exposing and selling obscene prints and pictures. From the evidence given in this case, it appears that the police have suspected tho prisoner of selling indecent photographs, and for some time have been keeping an eyo on him. The prisoner met Detectives Christie and Hudson on the racecourse, and offered them some photographs for sale, but as they were only of statuary they declined to pur. chase. They met him afterwards at EUis's Music-hall, whenhe showed them somo others, and promised to meet them tho next night with some better ones. He came, according to promise, but said ho had heard that they were two detectives, and he would havo nothing to do with them. They arrested him the same evening with a number of very indecent photographs in his possession. The prisoner, in his defence, said he was only an agent, and had received the photographs from Alfred Wren, in Elizabeth-street. The Bench sen- tenced him to three months'imprisonment. We understand that the commissioners appointed by the Governor in Council, under tho Patents Statute, to consider the matter of tho petition of Dalgety, Ibbotson, and Co., for an extension of the term of the letters patent for the production of artificial ice, gi anted lGth January, 185G, to James Har- rison, of Geelong, will meet on Thursday next, the 18th inst, at 10 o'clock a.m., at the Supreme Court-house, and hear tho evidence in support of the extension. The funeral of Mr. James Butchart, an old and respected colonist, whose death on Thursday last we have already noticed, took place yesterday. The deceased was a mem- ber of the Presbyterian body, and the funeral rites were according to the custom of that denomination. Divine service was, in the first place, performed by Dr. Cairns at Chal- mers's Church, after which the body was taken to the cemetery and consigned to its grave, where the Rev. Mackenzie Fraser offered a parting prayer. The pall-bearers included, besides the son and brother of the deceased, the Hon. Jas. MacBain, the Hon. W. Campbell, M.L.C., Mr. Jas. Sutherland, Mr. Walter Clark, Mr. R. Grice, Mr. Chas. Henderson, Mr. T. K. Raynor, and Captain Freyer. The obsequies were managed by Mr, Sleight. The usual monthly meeting of the Vic- toria Horticultural Improvement Society was hold at the Melbourno Mechanics' Instituto last evening, Mr. W. Carter in the chair. Mr. J. M'Millan, gardener to Mr. R, D. Ireland, was elected a member ; and Mr, Girdler was nominated for next month's ballot. The business transacted be- side related almost wholly to certain plans of the society respecting the building they pro- pose to erect on their sito in Victoria- street, near tho gaol. The plants exhibited were of much merit. Mr. G. Brunning, of St. Kilda, sent a coUection of pelargoniums of five varie- ties, exhibited at Saturday's show at the Botanic-gardens ; some double pelargoniums, never before exhibited ; two dozen carnations and picotees, many of them seedlings raised by the exhibitor j a new seedling fancy pelar- gonium, entitled the " Royal Visitor ;" some spikes of deutsia crenata, of double blossom ; and fino blooms of a double geranium, "Tri- omphe de Lorraine." First prizes wore awarded to the "Royal Visitor," and the col- lections of pelargoniums, carnations, and picotees. The others were for exhibition only. A first prize was also awarded to Messrs. Taylor and Songster, of Toorak, foi some spikes of deutsia crenata, aud speci- mens of calothamnus quardifida, and caliste mon ovata ; some cut roses sent by them foi exhibition only were much admired. Mr. W, Carter, of Emerald-hill, exhibited a curioui arum dranunculus, of a rich deep purple colour, and three cacti, which latter obtained a first prize. Another prize of the same degrei was awarded to a new and rare plant, aphe lexis argenta, brought by Mr. P. Watters gardener to His Excellency. Tho judges wen Messrs. Coller, Sturrock, and Moyos. The Emerald-hill Amateur Dramatic Club represented by Messrs. R. Ferguson, Williau Marshall, and W. Schofield, waited upon thi Attorney-General yesterday to prefer a re quest which concerns the interests of ever; amateur dramatic club in tho country They were to have been introduced b; Mr. Whiteman, M.L.A., but that gentle man being compelled to be absoni performed his office by letter. The depti tation first proferred a complaint tha letters had been already written respectin their case, and no answer returned. This the Attornoy-Gonoral professed himself unablo to understand, nor was it explained until an official present suggested that the late Attorney-General had received the docu- ments personally, put them in his pocket, and straightway forgotten all about them. The deputation then proceeded to state their main request, which was, in effect, for per- mission to perform two or three pieces at the local Mechanics' Institute for the benefit of their society, seeing that their previous efforts on behalf of charitable institutions had enriched the funds thereof but im-¡ poverished those of the club. They had already announced a performance, but woro warned by tho police that the Mechanics' Instituto was no longer licensed, and that they would bo prosecuted if they flow in the face of tho law. Their desire was now to avoid paying for a regular licence, because their exertions wore to bo limitod to one night. Mr. MacDonnell did not at first see how he could get over the express terms of the act, but sympathising with tho appli- cants, eventually consented to submit tho case to tho Cbiof Secretary and see what could be done. A Berlin paper of the 5th of September states' í,iaHhe King of Prussia has caused a half-length life-siW Tr sent as a present to the Public l'WWW Me*" bourne. A few months ago Sir Redmond Barry sent some samples of colonial wine to Mr. David Young, the well-known wine merchant of Mark-lane, with whom Sir Redmond has dealt for tho last 20 years, requesting his opinion of them. Mr. Young consulted other wine merchants of high standing, and ho writes as follows :-" The wine, red Marangan and Malbec, grown and made by Mr. William Piper, of Benalla, has evidently not suffered in the least by tho voyage, and arrived in very good condition. It is pronounced by all to bo remarkably good. It has good body, great flavour, and softness, and if tho colony can produce a quantity of this description, and at a moderate price, you may eventually compete with other countries. I may, how- ever, tell you (which, of course, is against it), that I had to pay the 2s. Gd. per gallon duty on it, our other wines of this description only paying Is. duty. If kept for some time, I think it will improve greatly, and it is evi- dent that tho manipulation is now much better understood in the colony than it was som.0 short time ago. It will bo encouraging to your friend who produced it to hoar that it is pronounced very good. I havo tasted it three times, and havo also shown it to several wine merchants, as well as to Mr. Shaw, the gentleman who advocated the reduction of our wine duty, and eventually got it reduced to Is. the pallon on clarets, hocks, and other light wines, and all agree that it is very good." The announcement that Mr. Redwood's thoroughbred racehorses Manuka, Peoress, and Misfortune would be subn-itted to auc- tion, attracted a largo number of persons to Kirk's Bazaar yesterday. Manuka is acknow- ledged by all judges to bo one of the most perfect-shaped horses ever seen in Australia, and as Mr. Redwood had previously íefused several very liberal offers for the horse, it was thought that the bidding for the Maori cham- pion would bo unusually spirited ; but after reaching 740 guineas, nobody seemed disposed to go beyond that price, and consequently ho was returned unsold. Peeress, the winner of the Royal-park Stakes, was the next animal brought under the hammer, but she also was sent back without changing owners, though an exceedingly liberal price was offered for her, and Misfortune, a small weedy mare, was likewise unsold. ApureArab, of vcryhighcaste, but who suffered considerably by comparison with Manuka, was then put up, but the bid- ding was so spiritless and the offers so small, that Mi. Tattersall was forced to knock him down at a very moderate figure, but we be- lieve the horse did not chango hands. Lan- cashire Lass, a sister to Lancashire Witch, was also returned without finding a pur- chaser. Tho betting exchange was very sparsely attended, and the business was dull in the extreme, notwithstanding tho near approach of tho Bendigo races, which commenco to-day. A few double events wero booked on this meeting. Warrior, who seems a certain winner, of course having the pieference. The Ballarat handicaps were touched upon, and Strop, Salem Scudder, Paddy's. Land, Boatman, Prietor, Cour de Lion, Australian, and Mischief were backed to win both. The annual meeting of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria was held last evening in the Scots Church, Collins-street, the modo, rator (the Rev. I. Hetherington) presiding. Addresses wero delivered by the Revs. J. Ballantyne, A. R. B. M'Cay, J. W. Inglis, and Mr. P. M'Farland, which were listened to with considerable interest by a numerous congregation. The Australian Diamond Company have ereoted three of Hunt's machines on their ground, at the Cudgegong Creek, and have com- menced working with one of them. A tele- gram received by tho secictary yesterday announces the result of one week's washing as 109 diamonds. The friends of Mr. Norman, of Rathdowne street, Carlton, will be grieved to learn that recent intelligence from the Fiji Islands has confirmed their worst surmises. Mr. Thomas R. Shute, whose plantation joins that of Mr. Norman's, in Vanua Levu, has written the particulars of his sad end. Mr. Norman ap- pears to have left Levuka for his plantation in Vanua Levu, on or about the 10th of June last, in his own boat, having with him anothor white man and 17 Tanna men, whoso passage money he had paid, and whose services he had engaged through Mr. Moore, the son of the Wesloyan missionary. Mr. Shute says they were not heard of for six weeks, and that after repeated inquiries he was told by the crew of a "Fiji canoe, that 17 Tanna men landed at their town from a white man's boat, similar to Mr. Norman's, and after receiving food, &c;, they said, " We have murdered two white men ; good bye !" This appears to havo taken placo tho first night after thoir leaving Levuka. Mr. Norman has beon the proprietor of a large and successful business for some years past in Carlton. In consequence of failing health, it had been necessary for him of late to travel. The sea air and climate of tho Fiji Islands had been of great benefit to him, and ho ap- pears to have enjoyed the confidence and friendship of the settlers and most of the na- tives in the islands. At a meeting of the committee of the Vic- toria Racing Club, hold yesterday afternoon, at Menzies' Hotel, Mr. C. B. Fisher in the chair, it was resolved to pay off, in addition to tho stakes and expenses of tho late Spring Meeting, all the outstanding debentures o* the club, amounting to £l,G0O. The annual bazaar in connexion with the Victorian Free Church of England, Park- street, Collingwood, was opened yesterday evening by Mr. T. Cope, M.L.A., in presence of a pretty numerous gathering of the sup- porters of the church. Mr. Cope, in the course of a few remarks, said he was very glad to see so many old faces, and also some new ones, since his connexion with the church in 1862. He was now removed 200 miles from the neighbourhood, and hoped soon to see a free church built at Hamilton, as the residents there had to go 20 miles to a place of worship. He hoped the bazaar would come up to expectations, and wipe off the debt of £100 that still remain unliquidated, and then they would be in a position to help other churches, which he hoped would ever be characteristic of the Free Church of Eng- land. The bazaar was very well attended during the evening. There was one large stall in the centre of the church, presided over by the following ladies :-Mrs. Kinsman, Mrs. Badman, Mrs. Palmer, Mrs. Payne, Mrs. Farrell, and Mrs. Porritt. There was a good display of articles, the plain and the useful predominating over such as were merely of a fancy description. Among the choicest things exhibited were some hand- some collections of seaweed and shells, which had been arranged in a most tasteful manner by Mrs. Kinsman. Mr. Aumont presided at the harmonium. There was a re- freshment-stall, and several little ladies were engaged in selling bouquets. No raffling or anything of that kind took place. The bazaar will be open from 6 to 10 o'clock each even- ing of this week. The annual meeting of the Law Institute of Victoria was convened for yesterday after- noon, at the library of tho institute. The representatives of the press were not admitted The business was of a formal nature, viz,, the election of members, and the appointment of a committee. At a meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Anglers' Protection Society, held at the office of the Acclimatisation Society, yesterday (Mr. A. Brady in the chair), the following gentlemen were elected members:— Mr. Ford, Mr. Fitzgerald, Mr. B. F. Kane, and Mr. W. Gartner; Mr. F. Stephens was elected an honorary member. It was resolved that a deputation should wait upon the hon. the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, with reference to the introduction of the Fisheries Act Amendment Bill into the Legislative Assembly, if possible, during the present session of Parliament. Letters were read about the netting at the mouth of the Mordialloc Creek, and the meeting closed. A meeting was held last evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, for the purpose of ini- tiating the Pheonix Building Society, of which it was announcod Mr. Archibald Baird War- drop was to bo secretary. Mr. C. Stewart was called to the chair, and Mr. Wardrop briefly stated the objects and distinguishing characteristics of the new society. The rules, ho said, wcro principally based upon those of the Third Victoria Build- ing Society, which, ho believed, were the most generally approved. The only alterations were, that the rate of in- terest was a shade less, and tho fees per month had been i educed to 2 percent, in- stead of 6 per cent. The only real novel feature introduced was, that all the monetary transactions of the society would be con- ducted on the decimal system. It was unne- cessary to explain the object of this arrange- ment, but the advantage of it would be explained to the members in a lecture, to be delivered at a future time. The rules were then adopted, and the officers and committee appointed as follows ¡-Trustees-Mr. Stewart and Mr. W. A. Blair ; treasurer-Mr. M'Kay ; secretary-Mr. Wardrop; solicitor-Mr. W S, Woolcott ; committee-Messrs. M'Kay Langan, Byrne, Mcssiter, Turnor, Ellis, and Loughnan. Messrs. Austin and Kursteiner and Mr. Conlon were nominated to the office of surveyor. It was arranged, aiter some discussion, that a ballot for the office should take place at the next monthly meeting of the society. * Tho Spring Meeting of athletic sports, which is to bo held on the Melbourne Cricket ground next Saturday, is beginning to attract a'good deal of public attention. From the, numerous entries received for the various events there would seem to bo uo falling off in either quantity or quality of tho competi- tors-in fact, rather tho reverse-and to show the attractive nature of these meetings, in addition to the pedestrian talent of this colony we have for the first time since these sports were initiated, competitors from our neighbours of South Australia ; and without wishing for them anything more than a fair field, we should bo glad to seo tho efforts of Messrs, Price and Oldham successful in atleast ono or two of the races for which they aro en- tered. Houlahan, of Sydney, will again repre- sent Now South Wales ; while Higgins is the sole representative of the professional talent of Victoria, and we may safely say that, looking at the list of amateurs arrayed against them, they will both havo to uso their utmost en- deavours to secure the prize. For the Chal- lenge Cup eight entries have been received, including, of course, tho present holder, Mr. A. Dennis. Mr. Mahony, the half mile champion ; Mr. Macleod, tho Ballarat champion ; and Mr. F. A. Prico, of Ade- laide, are also competitors, and of these wo hold Mahony tho most dangerous, although report speaks highly of Leake, of Birregurra. The Bicycle Kace includes tho best riders in the colony ; and, as Messrs. Finlay and Hobson meet this timo on equal teims, we expect to seo a fine raco between them ; none of the others can be very dan- gerous at the handicaps they are allowed. The Walking Match will be one of the most interesting events in tho programme, and, despite the long starts awarded to somo of the outsiders, wo expect to see Messrs. Lyell and Woodhouse finish first and second. The Steeplechase will, as usual, bring the sports to a close. This race is an especial favourite with the Melbourne public, as tho -fun caused by the various competitors getting a ducking at the water-jump is im- mense Seven try for this prize, which is offered by the proprietors of The Australasian. The ground is in excellent condition, having been recently mown ; and the coarse, which is an exact quartor of a mile, has been well rolled daily for some time past. Seats have been placed between the trees outside the chain-fence ; and the bowling-green reserve has been set apart for the accommodation of visitors-not members of the club-who may be desirous of procuring reserved seats at an additional charge ; while, to add to the attrac- tion of the day^ the band of tho 14th Regi- ment will, by the kind permission of the officers, enliven the proceedings. A telegram was received by the Melbourne police yesterday, from Adelaide, stating that Mr. Charles Billing, a storekeeper at Penola, had been injured about tho hoad and face by being thrown from his buggy, and had since wandered away, having shown signs of dan- gerous lunacy. He is supposed to havo gone towards Hamilton, and tidings of his where- abouts aro anxiously awaited by his relatives. He is described as 23 years of age, slightly built, with pale faco, and talks incessantly. A child three years of age, the daughter of John Butler, a miner at Steiglitz, was scalded to death on Friday, having fallon backwards into a boiler of hot water, left by the mother whilo she went outside for a momont. The mother, hearing a scream, went inside just as the child rolled out on to its knees. A neigh bouriug chemist was in attendance, as well as medical attendance from Geelong, but the child never rallied, dying early on Saturday morning. An inquest was hold, when the facts stated were elicited. Early yesterday morning the traction-en. pine, brought from Melbourne to Geelong by train, got up steam and started on its journey to Camperdown, where it is to bo employed in furnishing tho motivo power for a stone-breaking machine. After travelling some of the principal streets, the machino was guided to one side of the road near Christ Church, and some of the fuel was ad- justed. The machine then made a fresh start till it arrived at the Barwon bridge, where a supply of water was obtained ; after which it proceeded onwards at the rate of from four to five miles per hour. Whilo passing over Barwon bridge there was less perceptible vibration than is usually caused by a waggon and horses. Considerable surprise was expressed by onlookers at tho easy mode in which it is steered by an apparatus similar to that used in ships. Miss Inch, who has had considerable expe- rience in similar institutions in England, has been appointed matron of the now Industrial Schools in Geelong, and has now in charge about one hundred children, who havo been drafted from other schools. These children , are all very young, and apparently suffering in many cases from disease. The placci which is not adapted under any circumstances for the purposo for which it has beon se- lected is peculiarly unsuitable for such a young and untrained lot of children. On Sunday morning an infant was found in Myers-strrot, Geelong,'having been appa- rently left there by its natural protector. Yos- torday the police ascertained who tho mother was, and apprehended a respectable young woman named Alice Orr, alias M'Loughlin, on the charge of deserting hor offspring. Sho fully admitted tho truth of tho charge, stating that she did not know where the father was ; that she was a servant girl at Ballarat, earning 10s. per week, and having, to pay 9s. weekly for the maintenance of her offspring, which loft too small a surplus for her own requirements, sho determined to! take it to Geelong, and leave it there. After so far accomplishing the work, liowoveri maternal instinct was so strong that she could not leave the town. An aged couple named Ashton, stated to be the oldest colonists, have died during the last fortnight at South Geelong. The man was 82 years of age, and was a soldier in New South Wales before Victoria was formed. After obtaining his discharge, he was employed for some time in Riverina, and carno to South Geelong in 1830, where ho sot tied asadairjman. Tho aged couple con-1 tinucd at this occupation till death separated them. After assiduously attending her part- ner in his last moments, the wife-a year than her husband-fell ill, and fçh lowed hirxi in a week after his rJeccase, A very seriou'o case 0I" cholera has occurred I in Geelong. On Friu2.v Ji»a*j a person named Hinds, employed by the stovctlore of the ship Moravia«, carno from Sandridge to Geelong to commence work. On Sunday he became suddenly ill, and in the evening had to be taken to the hospital, where he was attended by the resident surgeon, and other medical gentlemen. The former wil not say that it is more than a very serious case of English cholera. It is known, how- ever, that the sufferer is troubled with sebero cramps, purging and retching, and that he has turned black-symptoms of a most serious character. It is not known how tho disease was contracted otherwiso than while working in some vessel at Sandridge, which is supposed to have brought the seeds of the disease with her. Detective O'Ncil, the oldest detective in the police force, died in tho Geelong Hospital yes terdoy morning, after a lengthened illness. Ho was employed in the early gold-fields era at Bendigo, where he distinguished himself as a first-class detective In lieu of a number of bulky blue books containing a vast amount of indigestible in- formation the Italian Government has issued a small quarto volume of about 300 pages, containing a complete résumé of the indus- trial condition of Italy. We refer to it bo cause it denotes the magnitude of certain branches of productiveness in which this colony is likely to excel, and should en- courage us in our efforts to dovelope those industries. Wo find, for example, that the annual yield of the Italian vineyards is of the value of £42,000,000 sterling, of tho raw silk produced £5,200,000 sterling, and of the olivo oil expressed £8,000,000 sterling. A com- paratively small proportion of the wino grown in Italy is exported ; but the exporta- tion of silk fabrics is very great, and about a third of the olive oil manufactured in that country finds a foreign market. It is im- portant to observe that since the prevalence of tho maladie du ver à soie in Italy there has been a large importation of raw silk, and it is expected that in tho course of the ensuing year a quantity of cocoons from Victoria will boforwaided to Genoa or Leghorn. A correspondent of the Mount Gambier Standard, whose letter appears to bo satisfac- torily authenticated, describes an accident which occurred to a team of bullocks, result- ing in the capsise of a heavily-laden dray and the strangulation of one of tho polo couplo by the bow. Ho goes on to say :-"I in stantly got an axe and loosened with consider- able difficulty tho dead bullock's yoke-fellow (which was only a young beast, and rather wild), by cutting the yoke asundor, and away he ran, seemingly glad to bo freed. But to my astonishment ho speedily returned to the spot where the dead bullock lay, and in groat apparent distress walked around his un- fortunate mate, smelling its body and bellowing with great grief, whilst streams of tears ran profusely down his face, dropping on the dead carcase laying at his feet. I watched him for somo time, and was greatly affected at such a sight; however, I left tho mourner there, and went some little distance with my wife and child to camp for the night. To my increased surprise, on my îeturn in the morning to the dray about G o'clock, I found that tho young bullock was still there, as I had left him on the previous night, and still showing the deepest emotion of grief, the tears still coursing down his face as freely as ever ; but I yoked him up and continued tho journey. Strange to add, for five or six times after this occurrence, when- ever it passed that spot, the bullock showed positivo signs that ho knew it by smelling on it, and bellowing in a most plaintive manner." Herr Bandmann played Richard III., for the first time in Molbourno, last evening, at the Theatre Royal, to a tolerably well-filled house. The pressure upon our space compels us to hold over a detailed notice of the performance. The performances at the Theatre Royal this ovening are for tho benefit of Mr. Frank Drew, and we learn that a real benefit is sorely needed by and will be generously ottered to him. Herr Bandmann, Mr. Coppin, and tho management will co-operate for this benevolent purposo, and tho public, never slow to render its assistance where an act of genuine charity is to be performed, will no doubt second tho efforts of tho members of the theatrical profession to rotrievo the mis- fortunes of Mr. Drew. Mr. Chapman's magical entortainment at Weston's Opera-house was again weU at- tended last night. A new item of the pro- gramme, which brought the performances to a close, excited a good deal of amusement. It is called "playing with ghosts," and tho fun consists in thogiotesque offects produced by the shadows of some supposed com- batants thrown upon a canvas scroon, which is fixed in front of the sttigo, in place of tho usual curtain. The curious antics and strange disappearances of tho shadows proved vory diverting to the audience, par- ticularly to the juvenile portion of it. Wo havo recoived a guinea from Mis. M'Donald, of Knockando, for the Blind Asylum. The collector will pleaso call. The annual meetings of tho Baptist Associ- ation and tho Victorian Home Mission aro now being held in the Collins-street Baptist Church, and tho Rov. James Martin will preach tho annual sermon this ovening. Mr. Franks, of Geelong, has published a lithographic engraving representing the de- struction by fire of the clipper ship Lightning. It is drawn by Mr. J. Harris, and lithographed by Mr. C. Turner, and is air interesting me- mento of a calamitous event. The number of visitors to tho National Museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology applied to mining, agricul- ture, and the arts, for the weekending 13th November, 1869, was 1.981, 8S9 of which wore on the Piinco of Wales Birthday. We aie requested to draw tho attention of the inhabitants of Emorald-kill and environs to the fact that a grand concort in aid of the local benevolent society will bo given to-night in the Mechanics' Institute by "The Chari- table Minstrels"-a body of gentlemen who have appeared with groat success previously on "tho Hill," as well as at Brighton and Prahran. _____^. 