^Execution of Archibald. ( From the Rockhampton Bulletin, December 23) At 8 o'clock yesterday morning the last sentence of the law was carried out on Alexander Archibald, in Rockhampton gaol. About a quarter before 8, the prison bell began to toll, and the mournful procession moved from the condemned cell to the enclosure where the scaffold stood. A considerable number of persons — about 100 — had assembled to witness the execution. The condemned man walked into the enclosure firmly and calmly, his eyes wandering over the familiar faces gathered round the scaffold. There was a look of resignation on his features free from any bravado, and his demeanour throughout was that of one who submitted calmly to his fate, and was pre- pared to accept it with fortitude and Christain resignation. The Rev. Mr Carson walked beside the prisoner, reading the funeral service. Behind came the Rev. Mr Jenkyn and the Rev. Mr Hurtle, and the goal officials. Archibald was dressed in a dark tweed suit, Crimean shirt, and necktie or collar, and wore a pair of prision shoes. He looked but little worn down by his long confinement and the mental anxiety he must have suffered. He carried a bunch of flowers in his right, hand. Under the scaffold lay his coffin. Arrived at the foot of the scaffold, ted conclud- ing prayers of the funeral service were recited ; Archibald and the officiating clergyman remaining standing. According to the usage of the Presbyterian Church, to which he claimed to belong. Archibald's eyes, during the recital of the service, wandered rest- lessly over the faces of the crowd, and he seemed to pay but little attention to the words of the clergyman. The condemned man then knelt down with the attendant clergymen, and delivered a long extempore prayer. During its delivery, a constant knocking at the outer gate was followod by the measured tread of the Voluntecrs through the corridor of the entrance, and about sixteen members of the force, entered the enclosure under the command of Sergeant Horley and drew up at the left hand side of the scaflold, the orders being given in a loud voice, and the necessary manoeuvres boing exocuted with a seeming indifference to the solemn scene being enacted at the foot of the scaffold — the rattling of arms falling dis cordantly on thevlast words of prayer from the dying man. Ths police under the command of sub-inspector Elliott, were drawn up on the right of the scaffold, Archibald prayed in a clcar, piercing voice, and all who heard him were sensibly aflectod. He said, 'O Lord God I thank you who hast permitted me to live for twenty-eight years— the greater portion of which I have spent in sin and misery — and I thank Thee that thou hast given me a few weeks for repentance — to road Thy blessed word, and for Thy worship. O Lord, Thou hast shown Thyself to me a God of help— of strength— and of comfort; I care as little for that coffin before me as for my bed. I thank thee, O Lord, for the discharge you have given me; and I hope that it may strike terror throughout the whole world. I have beon led blindfolded (? pinioned) to the gallows , O God look down and pity me. I thank Thee for my clearance from these dreadful irons this morning. I give myself up to thee as a living sacrifice, and pray that I may be made wholly acceptable to Thee. Hear my prayer, O Lord! God bless iny wife and children — direct and protect them ; O God, bless them. I pray for my enemies, if I have any, and for those who may have committed perjury and may have given false evidence against mo, if they did. I ask pardon for them ; I do not curse them — any of them— I bless them in my heart ; and I repent deeply for all that I have done, and I trust that they will be as freely forgiven as I forgive them. O Lord, I thank Thee I have not an enemy to face; oh, I hope to see all my old friends and relations in heaven. An old friend of mine was shown by me the other day a likeness of my Saviour, and in a few minutes I shall see my Saviour in reality. 0 God, . have mercy on me, for my Saviour Christ's sake. Amen Amen." The last amen was dwelt upon with great fervency and apparent feeling. The Rev. Mr Hartley also offered up a prayer. During this time the hangman was standing under the fatal beam, and silently waiting his victim. Archibald having completed his prayer, expressed a desire to place the flowers he held in his hand in his coffin. His request was complied with and he walked over from the foot of the drop to the further end, under the drop where the coffin lay. The lid was lifted by one of the gaol officers, and with his pinioned arms Archibald placed the flowers where his head was so soon to lie. He appeared pleased that his wish in this respect was complied with, and walked back firmly to the foot of the steps. He mounted them with a steady tread, preceded by the Rev Mr Carson and attended by the two otherr ministers, and the gaol official. As he went up he said— "Thanks be to God I am climbing to Heaven,' On reaching the platform he was placed beneath the beam by the executioner, and the rope was quickly adjusted round his neck Before the cap was drawn over his eyes Archibald advanced to the front rail of the platform and said—' Dear friends, I wish to say a few kind words to you before my departure from this wicked world. I hope my end will be a dreadful warning not only to you who hear me, but to the whole world, I will say nothing about my trial. 1 bless my countrymen who found me guilty, and the judge also, and bless his soul, and God abide with him, and long may he live to administor justice and mercy. 1 trust that those who have cominitted wilful perjury against me, if they have done so, that the Lord will forgive them I have prayed for them late and early, and I want to show you that there is a good deal of difference between me and a man who has animal courage to commit a murder. A man who has animal courage would be able to walk up and meet his doom ; but I want to show that the strength I have is got from above — from the Almighty. It was not from any outward boast that any blackguard might mako that I died game ; God forgivo me and savo mo from bovlng a boast being mado by nny blackguard that I died like a man, or died like a cur. I thank God it is better tlinu that, and I bolievo meet my death as a Christian. 1 trust that you v all meet me in heaven. I am an uneducated man, and in a very painful position. I cannot address you in fine languoge — only in Buch as I have got. 1 1: u j what 1 will say will be accepted by the whole of ? i. : I trust that all of you, and young men paiticularly, will keep away from drink, bad company, and race horses. 1 trust a few old fl iends that I soo amongst thoso around uio will give up those things and may becomo bottor men. God bless you all. I pray for you all, and my last word is that God may make you better, and that when your time comes you will'die with a smile on vcur lips as I can. I wish you a merry Christmas aud a happy New Year. I feel that I am going to have mine with the Saviour in joy. Farowell ! farewell !'' The cap was then drawn ovor his face, and he was placed beneath the beam. He then said 'All right, good bye, father,' addressing a man named Davis in the crowd, whom he was accustomed to call by the name of father ; and turning his head aside, Baid, ' I want to say good byo to Mr llartloy.' Ho then shook bands with Mr Hartley and Mr Jenkyn. The Rev. Mr Carson then prayed — 'Into thy merciful hands, O Lord I wo commend the soul of thy servant now about to bo severed from the body. Receive him, we humbly beseech tlieo, O God I into tho arms of thy mercy. Let uot his faith wavor nor his hopo fail. Let him dio in poneo- rostin hopo— and riso in glory.' Then taking Archibald by tho hand, ho snid : — '? Doar Brother, — God, tho Father, who had created theo; God, the Son, who hath redeemed theo j God, the Holy Ghost, who hath infused His grace into tlioo— be now and for over moro thy defencc — assiBt thee in this thy last trial, and bring theo to everlasting iife I Amen I' His left hand was tightly clenched. After tho prayer, bo shook hands with Mr Carson, and stood silent a moment. In a vnico full of amotion, ho then said, ' Tho Lord havo mercy on mo and addressing tho crowd, be said, ' Let mo hoar you say ono word for mo — lot mo hoar you say ' tho Lord havo mercy on my poor soul.' From out tho ornvd thera cauio ono unanimous and solemn response, and as tho words, ' Tho Lord liavo mcroy on your soul,' fell on his oar, ho said, in a hopeful voieo ' Tnanks bo to tlio Groat God — now I dio happy,' Ho then bogan another prayer — ' Oh 1 lot your hoatts bo in hoavon. Oh 1 merciful God 1 thou who art willing to receive ? .' At this moment tho bolt was drawn, and the soul of Aloxander Archibald was launehod into eternity. . He appeared to suffer no paiu, doath being almost instan taneous. Thoro rcas no contraction of the lowor limbs, and tho body efter swaying about from left to right for a fow seconds, rcBtod with tho face to tho wall. Archibald's gutlty lifo was ovor, and tho last of Ilalligan's murderers had gone to his account. Tho body after hanging for half an hour was tlion cut down ; tho faco on boing uncovered, appearing calm peaceful — ono of tho oyes woro closed, the other partially opened, Tho toncuo protruded slightly from tho mouth. Tho body was tlion placod in tho eoflln, and a post mortem examination was hold by Dr. Salmond, assisted by Drs. Tlion and M'Neely, The sudden drawing of the bolt seemed to have surprised Archibald, and as he felt the drop going down he drew himself up with a startled movomont, The irons wore first placod upon tho pri oner nino wooks ago yesterday. Aftor being sentenced, fears wore eutertained for savors! ? i „ - . ? . days that he contemplated starving himsolf to death I- nt it subsequently appeared that tho-o foavs wore groundless Archibald told Mr Hartloy that ho had lio such intontion, but that tho sontonco produced so doop and doprcssing an offect on him ns to deprivo him of all appetite. Sovon weeks ago Archibald was unablo to read. Ho had learnt tlio beneficial effects of tho religious ministrations oflorod by tho gentlemen attending Palmor and Williams, and ho was induced to listen moro willingly to thoir exhor tations Sinco tlion ho tried hard to lenrn to. road, and was onablod at tho last to read a chapter ill tho Biblo. During tho first wooks of his confinement ho appeared to shrink with horror from the Bight of tho gallows during his hours of exorciso in tho prison yard. Ho afterwards bocamo reconciled to tho sight, nnd within tho last fow days scorned to long for tho last hour to como. His lato wife had visited him ovory day, nnd prayed with him. Ho seemed anxious that she should join her prayers with his It is neodlcss to remark that slio met his desire ill this respect, Mr Carson nttonded him during Tues day forenoon, nnd his wife visited him ca ly in the afternoon. Sho loft him nbout half-past 4 o'clock for tbo last time on earth. Tho parting between them was vory affecting. Shortly nfter, Mr Jenkyn nnd Mr Hartloy woro in attondanco. Thoy left about half-past G o'clock, nnd Mr Carson remained with him for about another hour. Mr Hartley and Mr Jenkyn returned about 10 o'clock and rcinainod in tho con demned cell until about 1 o'clock in tho morning. Archibald expressed a deuro to remain up all night, but was persuaded to take some rest. He slept until about half-past four o'clock, and Messrs Hrrtley and Jenkyn wero again wild him at 5 o'clock, from which timo until about a quarter-past 7 thoy read and prayed with him, and s ing the well known hymn — 'There is a land of puro delight,' when tho Rev. Mr t'arson arrived, and was ongaged with him until the irons wore knocked off. During this operation, Archibnlt] appeared quite resigned to Ilia fata. He expressed himself ns very grateful to all tho gnol officials, especially to Mr Donnollv for the kindness shown him during his confinement. Tho body was removed for intermont to the cemetery yesterday forenoon. Tho funeral was numerotiBly attended, the ministers who had attended him in his last moment officiating on the occasion. Aloxnnder Archibald was a native of Forfarshire in Scotland, from wlionco ho came in 1851 to New Zealand whon ho was ton years of ago ; moved after t- time to Cnstloinaino, then to Gipps Land, tbon to Melbourne nnd Becchworth, and next to, Thulo station on tho Murray, in New South Wales ; then to Bendigo, whero he got married in 28G2 ; moved to Duuedin.iu Now Zealand, in 18G3, nnd camo to Uoek hampton iu March. I8G4 Wo undorstand that Archi bald told a person liorc, falsly as it seems, that ho was in South Australia before ho camo to Rockhampton and that be camo up here because whilst a youngster he had committed an assault on a pol'ceman on a racecourse in South Australia, and flod to avoid tho cousequencos. Since ho arrivod hero ho has been engaged in horse dealing, and at ovcry raco meeting here ho was a prominent and noisy figure. About the ond of last yoar he took tho Lion Creek Hotel, and it was there that tho plan was matured which resulted in Ilalligan's murdor — aud his own death on the gallows. Central Cumberland Election.— Tho following is tho result of tho abovo o cction : — Lackoy, 713 ; Flood, G19; Campbell, G13 ; Jones, 4GG. Something like Hot Weatiieb. — Monday last was considered a hot day in Sydney and was so felt if wo may judge from tho panting of peoplo who scorned to bo undergoing tho process of slow ronsting whon in tho sun. It must, howevor, havo beon compara tively cool and gquinl to tho heat experienced in South Australia on tho 20th instant. Tho ' Register' thus doscribos tho weather and its offect : — Tlio hot winds which commenced on Sunday continued on Monday with increased violence. A succession of scorching blastB, accompanied by clouds of dust which hovorod porpetually ovor tho city rendered outside work almost impossible, and equally put a stopper upon business indoors. Before 2 o'olock tho ther mometer in tho shade under Messrs Muirhcad and C'o.'s verandah was ovor ICO', whi'st in exposed spots it reached an almost fabulous height. Tho verandah under which doulcrs wero wont to congregate was depopulated, tho occasional loungers, having dis appeared entirely, and tho habittiOs having takon rcfugo in tho Exchango room. But for tho timely arrival of tho English mail to croato a diversion, it would have boon no easy matter for them to havo passed tho timo. In tho streets it was often impossi ble for a passenger to sec half a dozen yards ahead of him, and pedestrians with distressful looks and, as far as possiblo, muffled faces, hurried along, bent upon taking shelter indcor.s at the earliest oppor tunity. Now and then tho wind was strong enough to throw up tho very gravel, and tho impolpuble dust with a blazing sun overhoad was never wanting. Tolegrnms report that groat damago haB been done to tho crops at Kapunda by tho feniful hot windB which prevailed there, and similarly disastrous results are reported from othor quarters. Doubtless wo shall eontinno to roceive accounts of severe loss from tho farming districts, and of havoc in market gardons and orchards in all directions. Houses havo beon unroofed, verandahs carriod away, und chimneys toppled ovor in several towns, while from Auburn wo hear of two firos raging in tho town at tho samo timo. The Wal laroo mail coach Was nearly an hour and a half late in reaching Port Wakefield, and the misery which must havo been endured by passengers and horses in going through the thirty-mile scrub must liavo boon intense. Wo learn from Dr. Schomburgh that tho hot winds have produced vory sad results in tho Botanic Gardens. The temperature stood as high 115- in tho shade Tho Doctor remarks : — 'I am glad to Bay we prevented any damage being done to tho plants in tlio houses. I feared much for thoso in tho Victoria Houso, but by great exertion wo kept the temperature as low as 80 to 90. — 25. to 35' under that in the open air. The effect upon the ?.- sudden change from tho moist atmos ii; i.i. to tho dry nnd hot atmosphere without moM striking. Notwithstanding that the tern ; .';;i'.!iii. outside was from 25' to 35- higher than in iho I. : 'i r .' thrill ran through tho wholo frame upon p is : i: tho open air similar to that experienced on entering an ice collar. Tho damago dono, especially to the floworB, by the hot wind is most disheartening, only a vory lovT which happened to be sholtercd escaped ontiro destruction. Tho garden is now completely divested of its holiday aspect, which but for this visitation would have boen during tho onsuinp. week or two peculiarly attractive for tho season of tho year: Tho plunts from cooler climates such as Now Zealand, have received the greatOBt injury, a good many having beon utterly destroyod. Tho poor animals «lso suffered very much, but I am glad to say, through tho attention paid to them, thoy got through tho day without any death having to bo recordod,' MdrdeboOs ATTEiirr. — Between 12 and I o'cloek on Thursday last (says the ' Mowaro Mercury con stable Davis, acting gaolor at tho so-sailed Cooron gnol: had a very narrow escapoof boing murdered by tho bushrnngor Holland. It appears tho prisonor was outside guardod by constable Davis, when ho remarked that ho felt at a loss for somo work to do, ond requested Davis to allow him to out and billet sonic wood. Tho axe was givon to him, and tho prisoner and Davis entered into conversation, the latter sitting on a rock about four yards away from the prisonor. Tho conversation turned upon tho late warder Spinks, who was murdered in Berrima gaol, and tho prisonor coased speaking for a few minutes, when Davis saw him lift tho axe, swinging it round his head, and mako n rush at tho spot where bo was sitting. Constable Davis with great presence of mind immediately throw himself on tho ground, tho nxo wielded by prisoner missing narrowly tho side of his head, and striking hiui with the flat part on tho hip, inflicting a severo bruiso. Davis tlion tried to get away, and tho prisonor aimed another blow at him which failed, and then throw tho axe at the constable. Tho bushranger now tried to make his escape among tho rooks, and ccnstablo Davis, though greatly weakened by the wound, herecoivod, followed and called upon him to stand, which, tho bushranger refusod to do, and Davis firod a shot ovor his bond to intimidato him. This had no offect upon Holland, when Davis again firod, aiming at bis logs, but tho shot missed. Warder Montgomory, who had boon guarding another prisonor. now came up and joined Davis in tho pursuit. Montgomery fired a shot at tho prisonor, without effect, ivhen Holland throw himsolf on tho ground and al'owcd Davis and Montgomery to socuroly iron him *nd convoy him to gaol. When tho bushranger nwdo tlio attempt on Davis ho bad short log irons on, to which may bo attributed tho OBoapo of constable Davis from being murdered. Whon tha desperado surrendered ho said all ho wantod was Pavis's firearms, and no doubt had bo obtained them ho would havo murdored tho warder, tho othor prfeonor, and porhaps Mr Davis. A gaol inquiry into t/io ease was hold by Mr R. Dawson, to roccivo i)r D-ividson's roport on tlio nature of tho wound inflicted on constablo Davis- Tho acting gaolor deserve.! evory praise for tho way in which ho acted. Though sovoroly wounded be did not allow tho ruffian to got out of sight, bad he dono so the probabilities are that Holland would havo osoapod. ? » — WJ V: - -- '? r ? 1 i ?TF'° rnDNn!:n,T'I!M 'Tho ill to n Holy i boat W week (says tho ? \Yo,Urt. PoMM ^ abruptly olosod by a vinitation on Monday of'0„„ ho most terriflo thunderstorms that Imvo TL;(°I , '1 this district for somo timo It is unusual fnJ.i 5,1 it -1/ storms to come up from tho oastwnr.l, but on ? \\\l/ afternoon a storm, which was Bponrontlv W, y Ifl towards Cassilis. suddenly turned, and passed 3 r„ '^ 111 ! over tho town Tho lightning struck in n||S 10 ?lion9, and sovernl narrow escapes wore onon L. ; by different people. Mr J. Ryan, X ™ » 4 M irkot.street, was knocked over, horso and n BnP i i received a veiy severe shaking himself l horso was paralysed for somo minutes. One flaol.If 1 lightning struck tho ground on the groen hotwti '1 Mr Moscr s residence and tho lcoworks, n'j ' ' I elcetno flnul r.-n into Mrs Jordan's cotta A dogs lying in tho passage w3re knocked ' 'J one killed on the spot. Mr Moser, who was it r''l inside tho balcony, was knocked down by tV,, nnd for somo time was insensible. Mr II v t* and Dr. Rowling also sustained! light sho ' i.?.J ^ nothing vory severe. Mr J 'dan's family i ,^'' .1 $ mast miraculously, as they «n tho roo- . ' $ = tho dog wan killed, but onh re|t «„ - , ;V) from tho shock. Tho i.,i„ k :1 ? ? i, 'v fn . * M bourn, and sinco then ;,-lu vir.th ki . !'uw '?a 'showory. Down the --.-o'ii-v ' ,i- ih;- ' v-J vory sovoro, indoc . ' Mr''.:.' lUs'' ? .I!'! fis Kcon's - v; „3 (j .it ;n', '.'n j.'/. fiever \ i!n- i-ii. . -I'm nnd tin in!: . i, nn«: .fc.rw ia fornnl.i'; r ,:ets. $3 feot^doe. . . The road ' ' '!? :-r.v.;'.,v w'.'' sJ']| carried j..„jture with a'., ::x| whoro thero is a largo culvort. Tli. ,, i!S| Crosk rose a banker, and tho hail wbic.. v M completely destroyed tho gardens. At Rylestono, and other places, the storm seoms to ' y been severo ; nnd it is to bo feared much damage i, beon incurrid. Terrific Stokm at Glen Iknes; — Tbo corres pondent of lho_ '^Armidnlo Express' writes— Tbo ' great storm has injured or ruined many hard woiking houest farmers, who, depending on thoir crops, find their liopos blasted The storm camo from the Bontli nnd south east, and seemed to have taken up only 1 a narrow strip of couUry At Stonehenge, Mr Fletcher nnd a few othors escaped the thick of it— ia ' 'act, somo of it novor touched. But towards Glea Inncs, tha wholo of Mr Proctor's farm, some forty. Beven ncrcs under cultivation ; Mossrs. Rumniings', l some 20; part of Mr RodgorB', and a fow cornerj - here nnd thero on the eastern sido of tho road, wers literally smashed into tho ground — so much so that ^ 1 it is impossible even to mow it. The reapers will . j liavo in many places to do the work. At. Glon Innen, Sudduby, Every, Woiss, ''\Votron, J. 0 Hara, T. f j O'Hara, Devlin, Cameron, Bowors, Mitchell. CaBsidy! ! Murphy, and othors had tbo wholo of their crops U destroyed, and, under tho western sida of tlio hill at : \ Glen Innos, ovon potato crops woro washed out at ! the ground by the fury of tho storm, Wo do not I exaggerate in Baying that over 250 acres of croops of I all kinds have been destroyed, and doubt not, if wo [ ' went over all tho fields, ns wo did in somo at Glon M Innes, wo would be nearer tho truth in saying nonrly : ] 300hcros. Independent to tho ravages dono to tho , ! gardens, various birds, cockatoos, fowls and c?en a ; J foal, wero killed by tho hoavy hail stones. We saw ! ' somo falling, and they were larger than hen's eggs ' 'j while in some cases wo saw lumps of ico comin j down and afterwards smashing in largo pieces. Iti our long residenco bore we never h .vo witnessed i . heavy a full of hail and ice. ! . Embryo Bushrangers — On the 17th instant (i. repoited iu tho'Gundagai Timo-,') Chatles Slewar;, alias William Bon, aged 15, and William Jumr Byntm, n'god 12, wero charged with assault and rob. [ 1 bery ond horsestealing- The following is a summary hi of the facts elicited, as stated by tho youngor culprit, r who was admitted as a witness againBt tho elder, and p t by others. Slownrt had been engaged in minding a flock of sheep on Mr M'Koy's Wnllcndbcen station, and Byrnm anothsr, at the Nubber station. Their relatives reside in the vicinity. _ Tho lads often met n in tho bush, and about a fortnight ago, while they ] ' were together, their flocks got mixed, and a portion ' ol them were lost Stewart intimated that they would ' catch it,' and proposed to bolt.' exhibiting at tha same timo a putse cantaining some monoy to his com- ! pnnioni Bolt thoy accordingly did, leaving their : ; sheop in the bush, and. after having a bathe, Stewart Li bought soino provisions at a store at DcmondrUle. M. Ho bod a big coat, and provided further sleeping i accommodation by purloining a blanket from ashep. : j lierd'B hut they passed. Tho two young scamps then i adjourned to a deserted hut, whore fiey lived for somo -i days; until, on tho 12tk instant, they went down to a M paddock nt Cunningham Creek, Murrumburrab, to. - ' wards evening, having previously assisted themselves ; .; to an old saddle and two bridles thoy found in a con. ? i venicut hut. Horo theso juvenile marauders stolo ) i two valuable horses — a bright bay draught goldirig, f i belonging to Caleb Beazley, and a groy horso, tho i i property of a man who was working for him. They [ : afterwards rodo off on thoso horses to their but, :' '\ packed up their Bwag, and started towards Gundagai, 1 On their way thoy met a man named William Powell ^ ' who was travelling with his family in a dray towards Sydney. As ono of bis liorse3 was collar-galled, ! Powell very improperly offered to purchase tho bay i 1 horse from Stewart, and after somo bargaining tho lad agreed to exchange it for a doublo-harrcl gun of Powell's Powell and ho wont to a hut near, just - undor tho Money Money Ranges, and got a receipt , writton out, after which, having received the gua ; and surrendered the stolen steed, Stewart and Byrura I . niountod on the othor horso and continued their 5 ? careor. Tho next thing hoard of these lit- icri.t „n,,ii,j is that at Coolac. Ou tho 14th ftey I enticed a lad, clovon years old, he ; (Viliiitw v' Bull down tho bank of tlio crook, un..- v pretext --r 1 showing him a beo's nest, and, having ?hnma V-' -d down Byrum bold his hands while Stew :: v. ho v., j barefooted, took off bis boots and put tl on, nfi-u H which thoy niountod their joint steed : ,l . j Bull's father, whon ho heard of the- ci'-. ?an-.aUso.t-jt. ;i got a horse and gave chase ; but the two young ' scamps managed to elude him. In tho evening, however, Bull, senr, having prooured tho nssistnnco of constable Johnston, overtook tho fugitivos nbout a s milo from Nangus, as they woro preparing to ccmp i for the night. Stewart -was committed for trial at tho next General Sessions (28th February), and Byrum's father, who had beon for more than a week searching for his son, was pormittod to tnko the lad _ j home, on entering into recognisancos that ho should 'i appoar to givo evidonco against the elder culprit, who - i had evidently misled him. Stewart is a down loot ing sullen lad, but tho other is a amart onoughopon faced boy, who, with good care and training, may yet do well. DEATn op Mb. F. Howson.— Tho ' O.nalia Daily Herald ' of the 18th Soptember last reports tho doath and masonic funeral of Frank Ilowson, tho well known vocalist, tho brother of Madame Albertazza, and fathor of tho Misses Emma and Clelia and Messrs. j Prank A and J, Jciomo Ilowson, who composed tho , , well known Ilowson Opera Troupe, Deceased was 52 years of age came out to Australia in 1842, and was for upwards of twenty years a conspicuous j member of tho musical profession in theso colonios, where he has beon associated with Miss Catherine Hayes. Madame Anna Bishop, and Lady Don in tho producticn and porforin.1 nee of oporas and oporettas- I About three yearB ago ho Bailed with his family for ..] California, where ho nnd thoy wero eminently success. d ful. While in San Francisco ho was attacked by ^ illness, nnd was proceeding by easy stages acrosB tho continent to Now York, in order to obtain the befit d modicnl advice, when ho received the 'fell arrest ot | death. , j Curiosities of the Ballot.— Electors in ? Iooality says the ' Gundagai Times ' are not V; : jl woll up in the use of tho voting papers or tho ba. box. At tho South Gundagai polling place a gen ? J man who dosirod to support Mr Brown, eudoayott u to offect his purpose by scoring out that Candida . s | namo nud substituting his own for it in tho vo'.n [?' | paper, and wo havo hoard of sovoial who erased Jij 1 Lynoh's name, leaving those of Messrs. Brown J H'alkor, which of courso nullified their votei, 4 Adolong Crossing place an elector having rece ?, his voting popor and retired into the room allt -? j for making the necessary erasure ol thocandia-- | namos to whoso roturii ho was opposed, after sn ally long absouce passed outwards, and was dW | with long strides whon tho poll clcik roiniuoor that bo had to deposit Ills voting paper, in tl10 box, Tho ' free and enlightened* rather | replied that ho bad dono so, and tronblo enor ?- | had to find tho box, and by furthor inquii'ie8( £. olicited that, supposing tho ballot box to bo ij. - room he bad loft, this gentleman had, af'or - -are « soarcb, found in a drawer an old cigar box A out in the top, which had boen converted into n , oil it ? savings box. Convinced that this was unn ho was in search of, our ingonious fnonu ^ groat difficulty wedged his yotiug p«pw lBt0 'd&l0; « was departing with tho consciousness of liavi t bis duty to his country when intenogratod ; slated. It was ncoossary to forco open tu(, ,, all box to recover tho P°btical document. . ' argument in favour of triennial Parliament . ? . to familiariso our population with -doctoral be founded on the abovo faotB ? ANiMAfc Poisoning. -Eirly on Saturday morning ingt fsnys tho ' Wagga Waggn Express-), n yonng , m in named Bay, who had boon travelling with a Url number of shoop, . in„chargo of Mr Loo, from , 'Onoonsland, for tlio South, was brought into tlio Australian Ilotol, suffering severely from animal rfnisoning. How tho virus over got into his system ?« n mvstcry, as there had boen no disoaso amongst ii,o iheop bo was with, and ho had, as ho most posi rv„iv deelarod, never bo muoli as touched any of thom. oven if there had, and at tlio place too, ' here -I. first bcoamo awaro of anything at all beinjr wrong with him, some miles 011 tho further side of Coinan s, tTo Sboop of tho locality havo never yet been known tohavo been attacked w tb t' 0 dreaded ? Cumberland. Oa Thursday, at tho place wo havo named, Ray for iho first time, noticed a small angry looking littlo snot on one of tlio lingers of Ins right hand. I lie spot rapidly increased in size, and soon swelled into „ .?nwi fill running so™ Though it continued to grow ,vorso. and the swelling began to extend to the I, and i!w ntill thought but littlo of it until 011 Friday chanced to show it to Jlr Lavender d Mr M1 Arthur, and tho Bymptoin3 Of animal poisoning, even to their non-medical were then so apparent that :hev placed linn in . atonco, and bin,. -?* ? .:™ with all haste into t n I'' ' ' . ???? hatl swollen up t°W usi . a 1-, umendous discharge ? 'J t'.k'.i!'\'U:r-» -'rom t i 1 -- fiucoi^j'tst nttoetod. Dr. plbiii'Mi' was at oi.oi cnll-. J in, 7,''' had recourse to j'lo ?ij-no-lie.- ivhicl: hail . proY^i .'?- successful in r'..-nVi'-M«os but tlio s» ¥ft!' d and extm.drd thr tho - viic.io v ono muss of ,'V aim i-iif *!»!'? t?l* .be pationt continued , _,Li-uuy aud Monday in imminent danger. After this tho offect of iho treatmont adopted hogon to tel', the swellings decreased, tho discharges lessoned, and the patient is now out of all danger. A3 Ray most positively assort! that I10 never in any way liniidied a sheep, it is oonjectnred that a Tly from somo diseated animal must have settled upon an abrasion of the skin upon his band, and thus convoyed , tho deadly virus of animal poison to his blood About a year ago a well authenticated oaBo of this kind occurred near hers, and in this case tho eamo thing lias apparently happened again. Ooacu Accident. — The ' Tamworth Esnminci ' reports that early on Thursday morning last an accident occurrod to tbo mail from Armidale, the result of which was somewhat serious. It appeals , that the coach, d-ivon by O Dell, bad got to a point on the road about twen'ty-oight miles on the Tamworth side of Armidale, about 2 ocloclc on Thursday morn ing. Thero wero several passengers in tbo coach nt the'time, besides tho gunrd, and the night was fine nnd cloar, the moon shining out brightly. As tho vehicle approached a very narrow part of tho road, ?011 one side of which there is a steep fall into tho bush, tlio horses suddenly shied at a man nud liorso tin tho roadway, and bolted down tho doolivity nt top speed. Tlio diivor was thrown from his soat at the anrac ' momout, and tho frightenod animals now rebased from control, galloped through tbo bosh nt : a terrific pace. Tne mail gnardjumped ofTfortunatcly -without having sustained any injury, but two sailors ?who wove on board determined to stick to the coach, mid weM carriod along for somo distanco at a smart paco. Soon iho vehiclo was brouaht in contact with a tree, which upaot tlio coaoh, and brought the horses to a standstill. It was then found that the snilors bad beon thrown out, ono under tho conch, and tlio othor jiiit behind .the heols of tlio ' whoclors,' but thoy luckily did not , sustain any injury of consoquenco. Ono of tbo horses was, however, frightfully mangled, nnd bad to bo dostroyed. In consequence of this mishap, the mails did not reach town until nbouf8 o'clock, 011 Thursday night, instead of at half-past 10 0 clock in tha morning. Tho coach from Tumworth ? tor Sydnoy, that loaves at 11 o'clock, but which remained till noon, had to depart without tho up tnails. Tho mail from Armidale yesterday (Friday) ? arrivod at G o'clock. Late Inst night wo learned that oarly yosterday morning another accident happened to tho Armidalo coaoh, about ten miles from the lat'er township. Bereton was driving, and the toam Eg;-in shied, cast&g; tlio driver violontly to the ground, throwing tho mail guard (Cames) out, and tho coach passing over both his legs, soriously injuring them.- Tho vehiclo was much damaged. Shocking Death isv a Buleb Explosion.— Aliout 7 o'clock on Wednesday morning (the Bathurst Times Toports) a shocking and fatal accident occurred at the Cargo diggings, through the explosion of a boi'er, whiob resulted in the death of Mr Robert Ashwor:h. It appears that, on tho morning of the ?day wo havo mentioned, the boiler of a steam engine without any warning, exploded with a loud roport, and Mr Asliw; rth, who was acting as engine-driver, was thrown to a distance of twelve or fourteen yards. Upon being picked up, his body was found to bo ?dr adfully mangled nnd. disfigured— ono of tho arms boing torn off and tho head split into piecos Death must havo boen instantanoous, ond tho body was at once convoyed to his residence. A telegram was immediately sont to Bathurst to bis brother. Mr J. W. Ashwortb, aud upon its receipt Mr J. Biidgo, accompanied by Mr Denny, started for Cargo, whore thay arrived at daylight on Thursday morning. At noon on that day a magisterial inquiry was held upon tho body of tbo deceased by Mr Ward, - J l'., and a ?verdict of accidental death returned. MrBudgo nnd Mr William Asiiworth, of Orango (a brother of the deceased, and who had also gone to Cargo upon heating of the accident) then took charge of the body which they conveyed in a waggonetto to Bathurst — leaving Cargo at 8 o'clock on Thursday afternoou, ,nnd teaching hero early yesterday morning M'lie rcnaiiis of tho deceased, who was only tAven.y--i.jht: year* of age, wero conveyed to 'their lust re-'.iog-place yeateidny afternoon, followed by a number of Borrowing friends and relatives; The se inu oi tho aocident is described as presenting on n .ii.'C.i of- tbo , utmoBt confusion The boiler, of c iirso, wns smashed to atoms, and liugo lumps of 1 r;n who pitched upwards of three hundred yards . all directions. The cylinder, which, it is : ' Btatfcd, weighed at least 1 cwt was found nt a dis ? tahce of eighty yards, and half of the large fly wheel litis not yet been recovered. Tho shed in which tho ensino was working was blown to shreds, and the wall plates were carried some hundred yards distant by tho force ol the rxpl sion. Two or throe men Woro working near 1 ho boiler when it burst, nnd ono of them was very badly soalded on tho face, arms, and chest, so severely indeed that it is doubtful, wo understand, whether ho will entirely recover. It is an oxtrnordinary circumstance, that another man who was standing nonr to Mr Ashwortb when be was killed escaped with only a Blight scald. We must not omit to mention the' fact that when the sad termination of the accident bocamo known, the diggers knocked off work, tho housos of business were closed, and a procession of about two hundred persons, both ou foot and on horseback, followed tho vehicle in which tho corpse wan convoyed from tho spot. Hastings Election. — Tlio following is tlio official declaration of tho poll: — Doan, 474; Smith, 444; I'lett, 308; Forster, 203 ; Eagar, 2 ; Vickery, 1. Mr Smith entered a protost against tho return of Mr Doan. Advertising. — Publicity ib monjy This has como to be recognised ns a principle in business. Competi tion is so keen, and we livo in such busy times, that a mp.ns ^ only chance of suoccss lies in proclaiming tho merit of his wa--os far and wide, up and down tho market. Ho must keep a trumpeter, tho public attention must be arrested, and ho who bests suocecds in this has tbo best ohaneo cf making his fortuno. Xn thia_ conviction almost every one of any spirits ndvoitisos It is found not to bo sufliciont for a tradesman to put up a sign over his door for people to como nnd look at it ; I10 must soud out his sign far nnd wide, and mako peoplo seo it and romembor it in spite of themselves To do this effectually remiircs tact nnd knowledge- Thoro is an art in advertising It may bo costly and ineffective, or Q\leap and' profitable. All depends on how it is set aboutj It must bo dono boldly. It is usoloss to go into a crowd nnd raiac a foeblo wnil which is drownod in vhc general olamour: It will not do to imitnto tli« genteel woman who. in crying fish for tho first timo, would net lift her voice for fear any ono should hear her. Thero is another sense in which every advertiser ??should bo bold. Ho should have confidence in publicity ; should be quite coi tain thnt il ho throws his bread upon tho waters lie must find it, evon if it be nftor many days. It is the lmlf-lioarted jioople wlm fail. Vou cannot break the Homburg bank by risking half-crowns on red or black Theso timiil people ore tlio victims of advertising adventurors — people who start papers specially to moot thoir cass iliey are known not to bo ablo to rosist tho bait of a cheap advertisement, and will givo an order for ufty insertions at sixponco 0 piece with vnst . satisfaction tliiuking they havo drivou a hard bargain i- -i 'lvo'~ for themselves. Low prices mean 1 united circulation ; nnd that, in its turn, implies that we advertiser in search of publicity might *s well « -ut his advertisement up in hia own iron safe, A !? n B0 ovulating half 0 million ia a bettor nellinl r th,nn sixP°ne0 for twenty lines to ono Budget ' 10 8IX huudrod.— Tho ? Weekly A Ferocious Nobleman— An act of disgraceful ferocity has just causod tho greatest excitement nt Brnnn (Moravia,'. Towards sovon in tho evening o tho 25 th of September, tho pooplo wore returning from tho racoa, nnd a considorablo crowd had col lected boforo tho Nouhauscr Hotel, whoro moat of tho sportsmen had alighted. Among tho spectators was M. duller, a drapor, with his wifo and child Thoy wore close to tho principal ontrnnco to tho building when Count Honry llornspoch, brother of Count Ilornspoch do Joslowitz, drovo up. Muller's child was unfortunately in tho Count's way ns ho descended from his carriage, and instend of putting tlio littlo boy gently asido, the Count struck him in tho face with a whip. As tho fnthor camo to his son's defcnco, tho Count said, Be quiet, clodhopper, or I will strike you.' An instant aftor tho report of a pistol was hoard, and Muller fell, struck by a ball which had penetrated the bond, ontoring beneath tho loft cyo Tho furious crowd immediately prepared to inflict Lynch law on the aggressor, and tho Count was with grc -t difficulty rescued from its hands and conducted to prison. Hopes nro ontertained th t Mull -ir' 3 wound will not provo mortal, but ho will probably loso his oye. Muiidbr in Sai.foud. — A brutal murder has been comniittod in Salford, which is supposed to havo arisenoutof a trado dispute On Monday afto 110011 a man named Bumes, who livod nt No 33, Zebra street, Rcgont Road, was soon in conversation with ' two men in a beorhouso, near tlio Regent Hotel. Ono of tho two mon appeared to bo a bricklayer ; Burncg was a mason. Aftor having somo drink in the bocrhouso, tho thrco mon wont into tho road, Burnos being apparently anxious to oscapo from tho other mon, and tho bricklayor following him with threats and abuso. Suddonly, whilst Burnos was quickeuing.liis pnee, tho bricklayor wont lip to him nnd struck him a fearful blow 011 tho bond. Tho un fortunate man fell very heavily, the back of his head striking tho flagstono with such forco as to render him quite insensible Tlio fury of his assailant seemed to incrcnso whon tho unfortunato man fell, nnd ho kicked him with great violonco, nnd oven lifted up his head and dashed it on tho flagstone. Tho nuirderor oseaped. The vic'iin was a mason, and a non-unionist ; and tho general impression is that the fatal attack upon him was connectod with trado union disputes Ho had a wifo and three or four children, who are left iu a very doplorablo con dition. The Irisii Peasant Girl —Tlio charm of tbo lii^h peasant girl— and iu somo dogroe tho remark applies to all Classes of I rishwomen — is because sho remains always, and under all circumstances, natural. Con vuntionaiity has not yet been cultivated as a fino nrt in Ireland ; il is not considered mauvais ton ior a girl to look modest 5 nor is it in any rank thought essen tial to ber reputation for sprightliness that sho should bo able to bandy ambiguous ' chaff ' with young men. Tlio attractivo picture owes its potency entirely to its simplicity. There nro no splond'd surroundings, no associations, bu' the radiance of purity and natural noss gilds even tho miseries or an Irish cotter's cabin in Mayo. Whether tho nbsenco of conventionality gives snprome and cardinnl' importance to the one black line of demarcation betweou vice nnd vivtuo. which convcnionco somotimos covers over nnd obscures, i3 not easily determined j but it is a fact beyond quostion that tho Irish peasantry aro tho least tniutod with licentiousness of any in Europe, Tho dostiny which awaits a fallen woman iu Ireland is truly awful ; ns sho falls more hopelossly than- any whero olso, so sho falls lower and to a depth of miscrablo degridation scarcely conceivable. Yot no feelings of compassion for those who have incurred this awful fate ovor onter the breast.of the peasant girl or of the virtuous mother of a peasant's family, Thoy have learned too thoroughly tho lesson that thero i3 one Btain incffaceablo, ono Iosb of casta thnt can novor bo redeemed. In other countries, in loss simple societies, so many offences bring loss of caste with them that the sonsitivo quickness which '? feeln a stain like a wound,' is deadened to fear tlio moral and refining influonce of naturalness, as constituting an attraction in maidenhood, and its powers over men can scarcoly bo exaggerated ; tho moro keen the civilised ardour of competition in which wo strive, tho moro softly, like fresh mountain breezes, do un sophisticated natures touch and purify ns. If onr fashionable ladies did but understand tbo seerpt — and thoy will, never learn it from Madame Rachel — they would find their empire ovor tho most blase votaiies of fashion strengthened tenfold could thoy borrow tho charm of NnSuro'a beauties and gracos from the colleons of Connniight. — ? Echo ' 1 English Wives Poit Indian ' Nodlejien.' — The * Indian Daily News ' say.i : — 'One would rarely hit upon Allahabad as 'a centre for tbo consummation of romances concocted clsowliorc, and yet before tbo High Couit thoro lias lately been revealed a good donl of romnncc. Thero nas tho Kelly case, in which a hnsbaud said he had married, under compul sion, an Irish innkeeper's daughter, with whom he had been philandering, and after a woek's blisH in a room in which lie had beon kept imprisoned with her, hod escaped trom bis wifo, who, after seven years, found him ono day at Allahabad. Anil now a Mis Clara Jano makes a atraugor . revelation. Sho was a Miss Bilk, and had been engaged to a gentle- J man who now holds a high position in India. Rather ' than givo her a share in that high position, however, he paid Clara Jane ono thousand rupees ns damages, which ten thousand rnpees eho invested in a Mahomotnn nobleman. That is to say, n servant of the Oudo Bogum, who proceeded to England somo yeais ago, espoused the Saxon maiden, who imagined sho was marrying nothing less tban a prince. Mrs Knmnl ood deen is not very ouphonioiis, more especially as it implies othor. Mrs. Knmnl-odd- deens shut up in a hot harem; but silly English girls charmed by tho tawny colour, the black eyes, and tho graceful manners of any linndsomo Mahometan who is enterprising enough to go to England, set him down .1;. , prlii-- liim.'Vii'id then marry tho sonsui n l]- . .. go law as for tin ;;ii i in . ?!y f.tf-.'neo--, ; i' i; ia--. 10 panders to scr- 'Vi!'.-,., ;,h.;r he can divorce Iii-; 'ifc at any time h provided Isa v»}'8 bur dowry ;,^ind Mrs j Ood-di . i nrset!' (Jlavs Jfw. one : 'more.. I remon.': . ease ofthe kind ichieh ocL.viVed about tbo til ' .'iujic -;?' 10 Indie.. O111.1 of llv passengers by the becuii.'ui »oun« lady who had been married to a Mahometan noblo. Sho was wealthy, and & certain amount of interest attached to lior ; sho evidontly fancied sha was comipg out to reign over either Oude, Cawnporo, Burdwan, or Ooto parali. Sho bad first seen her Mahometan hnsbnnd through tho grating in tho Houso of Commons. Ho was bejowolled, and wns a young., good- looking man, with a molancholy countonancc, suggestive of -, departed kingdom. Sho was the daughter of abankn , ; and thoy niarriod. 'I ho individual v/lio received h v j when tlio vessel arrived at tho Indian port was n .) j prcpossess'ng. Hor follow passengers had bee.i. | looking forward to a display of nai abship in h , ; recoption ; and she herself wns disappointed. Hoy/. ! ovor, she accompanied the dirty Mohometan, ontcrc^ a gharry, nnd was driven to ono of tlio filthiest sub urbs of tho town, devoted to tho followers of tho prophet At a dirty houso there tho gharry stopped, and sho behold hor hnsbnnd at tho door. Thoro wero two or thrco othor wives insido; but the vory appcaranoo of tlio dwelling was worse than fact. Sho was a woman of resolution, anil immediately saw tho captain of tho vessel in which sho had boon a passenger. Ho took . hor to his agents, who hap pened to know the banker of whom this was tho unhappy daughter. Sho went homo by the next mail, and it was not long aftor discovered that tho Mahomotnn husband wan a momisheo in tho employ ment of a nativo nobleman on a salary of COra a month, who had beon sent to England, and provided with jowols and funds, with tho object of presonting a potition to tho India Odico.' Tub ''Old Man.'— Tlio ' Hartford Oou»ant ' has a humorous article on that mighty bote, and never failing soui oo of comfort to oditors, in times whan items' aro scarce, the 'old mnn,' Tho Oourant says; — ' Thu periodic ' old man,' we might almost say tlio historic man, has brokon out again tuis season, and wo might says with uncommon frequency and exaggeration. He prevails a good deal in Rliod-; Islnnd- IIo is always ovor ninety, ho Is apt to be elo^u to a hundred* His symptoms aro well known, and we aro rejoiced to sco thnt ho is coming on so well. Ho .recently, at tho ago of ninety-fonr, laid half a utile of atone wall, wo think it was before breakfast. Ho wnlkod half a mile (nged ninety thrco) and picked « pi rjt of huckleberries. Ho tonds a largo garden, chops wood, raltos halfunncro of hay a d»y, has fourteen children, forty-eight grand children, two gront grand children, and novor chows — moro than a papor a dny. Ho saws wood (ago ninety seven) right straight through tho Biimmor, splits it without swearing, has r.nt smoked for flixty-sovou ye.irs IIo can soo (one hundred) to pick up a pin 011 tho floor (anil ofton picks It up), lias uover used glassos or a toothpick, never hud a doctor or a lawyor. Can crack buttornuts with his tooth, and does. Wo always like to read about him at this soaeon oftho yoar.'' On tho occasion of an cclipso, a colorod individual in Norfolk, Virginia, bocamo greatly olatod. ?' Bloss do Lord,' said I10, ' niggers' timo hab oouio at last, nnd now wo gwine to hab a black Bun,' 