~ CRICKET. ~~~~ The Intercolonial Match for 1868-69. THIRD DAT. The game was resumed punctually at 12 o'clock, Gregory and Sheridan taking their respective position Major Christie's son fielding in the place of Phillips, who is a member of the Jewish persuasion, and which ac- counts for his non-appearance on Saturday. Allen was the first to handle the ball, Gregory taking first strike to which he played a maiden over ; Wills commenced at the other end, which was also a maiden. Gregory now commenced and opened the ball by hitting Allen for 1 Sheridan also letting one to leg for 3 off Wills, After a maiden from Allen, Gregory, in cutting Wills, did not get on to the ball fair, giving Christie (Phillips' substi tute) an easy catch. 1-15 27. Coates now came to the rescue, and played his first ball to the on for a single thus terminating the over. Allen's next was a maiden Sheridan now made a splendid drive for 3 off Wills Coates taking the remainder of the over. Sheridan now faced Allen, and played his first ball to mid on for a single, following also with a splendid drive off Wills second ball for 4; Coates receiving a maiden from Allen, brought Sheridan to face the bowling, which was a maiden ; Allen also followed with a maiden ; Sheridan drew Wills for a single the third ball of tho over, and Coates followed with a single the last ball, also driving Allan to the on for 3. Wills followed with a maiden Sheridan again made a splendid hit to leg for 4 off Allan Sheridan's batting being greatly admired, and deserv ingly too. Wills secured another maiden; another drive to Sheridan for 2, also a cut for 2 the next ball a maiden again to Wills. Sheridan again played Allen for a single, Coates doing likewise for 1, which finishd the over. A neat out to Coates and a maiden to Wills brought a change in the bowling, Sam Cosstick taking the ball from Allen, Coates spoiling his maiden by driv ing for a single the last ball. Wills now gave Coalti one out of the box, disturbing his terra ferma, after a well got score of of 8 in really good style. 2 out for 63. A little refreshment was now thought advisable by way of a rest. Thompson now became the companion of Sheridan, and took his first over very steadily ; Sheridan secured a single off Cosstick, Wills following with a maiden, Sam doing likewise ; 2 to Sheridan for a enid; also a single off Wills, who is bumping the balls vigor ously, the ground being in very bad order this morning. Sheridan hit Sam to square leg for 4, which finished the over. Thompson now made his first. 2 off Wills to hi on, and Shoridan played a splendid over from Sam for a maiden. Sheridan was now given out leg before wicket, which was considered very doubtful, amidst thundery bowls and hisses from the spectators, who mildly insinu ted that they could not bowl him out and that was the only way to get rid of him, after showing the finest pin ever witnesed on the domain, scoring 37 without giving a ghost of a chance. 3 out for 64. Caffyn supplied b vacancy, and commenced with a single. Caffyn tba! skyed a ball to short leg which Allen could not tali advantage of. Caffyn «lipped for a single ; a maiden li Cosstick, also a maiden to Wills. Thompson now opened his shoulders and hit Sam to square leg foti, whioh finished the over. Wills' next over trouNel Thompson's timbers, bowling him clean, he rij troubling the score to place 8 to his name. 4 out for il Hewitt, the Captain, filled the vacancy and took Viii last ball. A maiden to Cosstick after which tis adjourned to luncheon. Play was again resumed t tili after 3 o'clock by Wills delivering tho first oreti Hewitt, which was a maiden, Cosstick also bowling, maiden. Wills' 2nd ball of the next over gave Here his ticket ef leave by catching him off his own bowfc¿ 5 out for 73. Stack filled tho vacancy of Hewitt, uj received the remainder of Wills' over. Caffyn uti out Cosstick neatly for 2, which finished the over. TU next over Wills gave Stack one of his peculiars wliiclÖ played into points hands without scoring. 6 out for ¡J Fairweather now joined Caffyn, tho latter of whom 1 lo retire, being caught by Wills at slip off Coittick, only having 6 to his credit. 7 out for 76. Park nfl coming to rescue, Fairweather immediately scoriifB single, Park following with a double off Wills. Gikfl also secured Fairweather at the wickets off ConüH only contributing 1 to the score. 8 out for 78. Oi&fl; succeeded Fairweather, and took the remainder oft over. Two maidens followed, when Park played foi and 1, Oatley also following with a single off Willi t a nico slip from Cosstick, following also with a cut is the next over off Wills ; tho Victoriano fielding sdi ably. After a little dispute as to whether Ostler out or not was soon settled, Oatley remaining at wickets, Park immediately driving Cosstick for two fr goad style, also snicking to leg for a single. C played tho next ball from Wills on to his wicket, contributing 4. 9 out for 91. Sellick, tho last now showed at tho wickets, Park directly hitting Ci stick for 2 to leg. A maiden from Wills followed, i to Cosstick. Another leg hit for 2 to Park off Couta Park batting remarkably well until the second ball Sam's next when he was bowled clean, after scoriijl good and well earned 15. Kellick carrying out hil' for nix. Thus adding another to thc ulroudyjfumerouii torios of the Victorians, winning this time by a told 78 runs. Tho following is the correct account of li scoring and analysis : VICTORIA. Finar INNIKOS. WardlU (captain), b and e Thompson . rhlllips, 2,1,1,1,1,1,2,11, I l.l.et Thompson, b Hewitt Gibson, 1,1,1, c andb Gregory.* Kelly, 1,lbw, b Thompson.-......5 Caiter.l, 1,2,1,4,4,1,1, l,b Coates. ' Eggleatone, 2, b Coates. Cosstick,1,1,1,1, l,cCaffyn,bHewitt...-. If oyes, Lieutenant, 2,1,1,1,2,c Thompson, b Coates WfUs.l. 1,1,2,1,1, lb w, b Hewitt.~. Goldsmith, b Coates .». Allen, 2,1, not out.~.-. Byes, S.-.< Total .-...«. Analysis of Dowling. Bowler. Balbi Huns. M.O. Thompson. 60 .. 24 .... 0.. Hewitt. 40 .. S 8 Gregory. 40 .. 10 .. 4 Coates..... 01 '..'. 10 ~ 4 