THE WEEK'S NEWS. J THE RETURN OF THE BEV. CANON BOSS ELL. On Sunday, October 10, there was a crowded attendance at St. Paul'eChurch, Pjulteney-street. to hear the first discourse delivered by the Bev, A. B. Bussell since his return from England. At 11 o'clock the surpliced choristers, to the mii^lwr of over 20, advanced up the -aisle and took their I Beats oneitherside of the chanceL The Rev. Mr. Howitt, who, wife the newly-returned incumbent had brought up the rear of the procession, read the prayers for the day. The Bev. A. B. BusseU preached from Psalm ciii., 1st verse-"Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget. not all his benefits," So. He remarked that he did not take this as the text of a discourse BO much as a keynote for the expression of his deep gratitude to Almighty God for BJS kindness to himself and to them. When ne lett tnem he had a sort of presentiment that he would never agam see their faces, or join bodily in their devotions; and the thought induced recollections of much remissness and many imper tactions in his teachings. The pain of his de t*ms .enhanced by the sortowful reflection that any injory which he might have occasioned would be, so far as he was concerned, irreparable. By so much greater, then, was his joy to unite once more with them in the public services of God's House. The prayers of those left behind had pursued him and his over the mighty ocean; and whilst experiencing new sensations of reverence which the new circumstances called forth-whilst learning something of " the works of the Lord and His wonders in the deep," which those occupied in doing business on the great waters were wont to witness, they were sensibly im pressed with the knowledge that space cannot part souls bound together by the ties of mutual affection. They had escaped the perils of the sea, and at last been restored toaland and to a congregation which until now he had not known now much he loved. Whilst in England he had opportunities of studying closely the courso of events, and had acquired information which he trusted would be of use to him and to them. In a small community like this, where everything was open to the public eye, there was a danger that vain and self-glorifying zeal should be made the motive for effort.. Coming in contact as he did in the mother-country with many of the master minds of the Church, he had been able to see how much could be done in a way un observed by the outer world, and how much more even with the resources at their com mand, could be accomplished in South Australia. He could not adequately express his obligation to the two who had laboured in his stead during bis absence. He had leftthemin the fullest confidence that they would efficiently supply his place, and his confidence had been more than realized. They had discharged the duties with much more zeal and earnestness than he could have brought to bear, and all that they had done met with his most hearty approval. He was especially gratified that an object which had heen a cherished one with him for a long time had been carried out-namely, the institution of daily prayers in the Church. Had he exercised more energy andmore faith the same result might have been attained years ago. Similar com mendation was to be bestowed upon the esta blishment of the early Communion. Of course he and they could not all continue to minister in that one church; but a lively affection would ever exist amongst them. There were points of difference in their belief: but they were at one as to the great fundamental' principle which they all preached-that Christ Jesus was the only sacrifice for sin. and the only salvation for man. It had given him pleasure to hear, when away, news of the co-operation and sympathy of the people with their ministers, whilst the tidings of anything done to thwart them, or of statements made in their dis paragement, had caused him the deepest pain at a time when his heart was afflicted with other ! sorrows. Having eloquently discoursed upon the position atid duties of a minister in relation to the people under his charge, the rev. gentleman referred to the presence of the surpliced choristers. He pointed out that they were to be found connected with cathedrals and manyparishchurchesathome, and expressed his belief that they ought, wherever it was practicable, to be present to assist in the services of the Church, It might be objected that they were introduced for the sake of show to engage m a performance; but there was on his part no such design. They entered in a body because it was much more seemly than that the choir should straggle in and take their seats one by one. Before they entered they were reminded of the Eolemn and sacred serrfces in which they had to assist. Prayer was offered with them in the vestry, 'hat with clean hearts and right feelings they might sing the praises of God, and prayer was offered with them afterwards io impress upon them the importance of the duty entrusted to them. " They wore the white robe like the clergy as an emblem of purity. If any thought the practice savored of Popery, he could honestly say that he had no sympathy what ever with what was called Popery. He believed most heartily in the English Heformation; he honoured the English reformers, and repudiated with indignation and defiance any attempt to cast reproach upon their memory. He was but following a practice which had prevailed amongst them, and it had been a source of pleasure to nim to be able on his retarn to carry out what he had been desirous ef doing for a long time past, as one of his letters to them from England snowed. If there were any with tender consciences who still obj ected, {"sfirHt entreaty to them since his return would be to bear with the practice, for he was sure when the novelty had been worn off they would acknow ledge how appropriate and seemly it was. At the close of the service ths choristers passed down the aisle and retired, the audience having been re quested to retain their seats until they had gone out. The attendance in the evening was equally .rne" «' r ^r* KlI88e" preached from Galatians vi. 9.- Let us not be weary in welldoing, for in due season we shall reap if we faint not." The rev. gentleman detailed the various parish works for which he wished for assistance from the mem hers of the congregation, including house to house visiting, special services in densely populated localities the visitation of lhe sick, Sunday and other school teaching, and efforts for the sup greesion of drunkenness and otherdisgraceful vices. Le also took occasion to mention the extent of tue pansh, which is_ greater than may perhaps be generally known, viz, the entire north-eastern quarter of South Adelaide, extending from the JLorrens to Wakefield-street, and from the East Park Land westward to King William-street. CLAY ION CHAPEL.-On Sunday, October 10, anniversary services in connection with the Sabbath school were held at Clayton Chapel, Korwood. The services both in the morning and evening were conducted by the liev. James Benny, and the attendance was small at both. Collections were made in aid of the school funds. BEV. E. P. KINGDON.-This gentleman, whose arrival by the South Australian has been aire referred to, preached for the first time in the colony on Sunday-in the morning at Flinders-street, and evening at .Norwood Baptist Chapels. It is understood that Mr. Kingdon will remain in this colony. THE MOBPHETT-STREET BBIDGE.-A special meeting of the Municipal Council, attended by His Worship the Mayor, and Councillors Kaphael, Tidemann, and Wright, was held in the Council Chamber, on Saturday afternoon, October II, for the purpose of deciding upon the tenders that had been invited foi the carriage from the Port to the City of the Morphett-street Bridge, which arrived ftoni England on Monday last by the South Australian. Three tenders were received: that of Messrs. Bradley & Treleaven. for £51 10s., was accepted. PRESENTATION.-On Saturday afternoon, October 9, the cricket bat won by Mr. T. Oole. for having obtained the largest Dumber of runs last season, was| presented to him on the North Park Lands by Mr. E. T. Smith (Mayor of Kensington and Nor wood), in an appropriate speech1. ST. IGNATIUS ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH.-The ceremony of laying the foundation- stone of St. Ignatius Church, Norwood, was postponed in con sequence of the unfavourable weather on Sunday afternoon. A number of persons had assembled on the ground. THE WHEAL HOGHES MI m-The following telegram from Captain Phillips, of the Wheal Hughes Mining Company, was read on Saturday : "Twenty-four end south, worth £45 per fathom; lode improving." .NABBOW BSCAPZ FROM DROWNING.-Patrick Magrath, a shepherd, had a narrow escape on Saturday night. Being intoxicated at the time, he fell over the side of the Prince's Wharf, between the Darra and the piles. Fortunately an apprentice on board saw the accident* and with great prompti tude rescued the man from his perilous position Dr. Duncan was soon in attendance, and found him not to have suffered much. THE LUNATIC ENQUIRY.-The Adelaide corre spondent of the Border Watch, refeiring to the recent labours of the Select Committee on the Management of the Lunatic Asylum, writesA bevy of new members have for the last two or three months been arraigning, trying, and condemning the Lunatic Asylum Department. Sundry petty irregularities were rumoured to have taken place in this department, and Mr. Pearce, burning with a zeal for reform, obtained a Committee of Enquiry. His colleagues were men wanting in experience, and most of them well fitted to pro tract such an investigation beyond all reasonable limits. Such has been the result week after week the Committee has sat, listening to prolix ques tions from the Chairman (Mr. Pearce) to ingenious questions from Mr. Puller, and to relevant and irrelevant interrogations from other members of their body. The report has now been brought to heht, and upon the whole is a very lame affair, It ^commends the general management ot the department-a work of supereroga tion, for eveiy one knew it was efficient it magnifies into unnatural importance little «rors of judgment on the part of Dr. Patereon. the Resident Medical Ofiicer, which had come to the ears oE the Government through irregular channels before» and b&d; scarcely been thought worthy of notice, and it finally recommends that the management should be entrusted to an Executive Board. Incomprehensible enough, it complains amongst its lesser paragraphs that visitors cannot go into the wards without an atten dant. What a grievance. Whoever would expect or wish to go into a maniac's apartment unat tended? Any one ambitious of the distinction shonid be introduced into the dangerous depart ment to hold parley with its inmates. Perhaps. after being scalped by a raving lunatic in a fit of pious fervour, he would be inclined to applaud the precautions which he now condemns. The experi ment might do no vast harm to society, and a great deal of Rood if tried on at least one member of the Committee." FRANKLIN HABBOUB MINING.-Messrs. Gawan | and Blades, who have been for some weeks absent iat Franklin Harbour od a .voyage o! inspection, hare returned to Adelaide. __ THE JUDGE'S PARTY.-JaSjs Wearing, Crown Solicitor Bakewell, Sheriff Boothby. and Associate Pelham arrived at Mount Gambler fromGuichen Bay on Monday afternoon. PENOLA "WKATHEE.-The Standard says " a good deal of rain has fallen this week, but not sufficient to supply many of the stations with water for sheepwashing purposes, consequently mnoh of the present clip will be shorn in the grease." YOBKG'S PENINSULA WEATHER. - Some very gpnial and refreshing rains have fallen on the Peninsula during the past week or two, which itis probable will have a very beneficial effect upon the crops in the neighbourhood of the Plains aud the I Hummocks, although too late to produce a good harvest. On Sunday night the rainfall at Port ' Wallaroo was exactly half an inch- From the runs we hear considerable complaints of the shortness of feel: We are reliably informed that from one 1 end of the Peninsula to another there is now not I more grass than is usually to be found at the close I the summer.-"WqJXqtoo 2.'tTH6S ' AT.>BM OF FIBK-The Argus says:- Just before the last scene of ' Hamlet' at the Theatre Boyal on Wednesday night a panic on a small scale appeared to seize a portion of the audience in consequenceof an alarm of fire being raised by the ?pods," The only foundation for the sudden surprise seems to have been that some Chinamen had been letting off crackers in Little Bourke \- street, in celebrating a religious ceremony, and the smoke was seen comingfrom the upper part of the stage. The generality of the audience did not know what was the matter, but the noise of a rush in the gallery was quite enough to cause a number of persons in other parts of the house to make for tbe doors, and the exclamation that some one was foolish enough to make that the tidal wave was coining perhaps had the effect of increasing their speed. However, it required but a few seconds to show that the alarm was needless, though the house was some minutes m settling down to quietude again, and the Ghost had once more to come from the grave with the assurance that there was not the slightest cause for the mutation. Here Bandmann also felt called upon to remark that this glorious country was not destined to go down yet for Bome thousands of yeaire. .The audience cheered, and the piece proceeded without further interruption. Might we venture to suggest to the police the desirability of restraining Celestial enthusiasm whenic is calculated to work harm to other persons. Humours relative to the cause of the alarm differing from that here ^signed were in general circulation last nieht, which it would be well for the management of the Theatre to enquire into and clear up as soon as possible. SHEEP FOB INDIA AND CEYLON.-With reference to the remarks in last week's Observer on the ship ment of live Bheep to India, we are assured by a ; gentleman who has lately been in Ceylon that that : inland Offers an excellent market for them. When ; he was there he could have sold sheep to any reasonable extent at 25s. per head. He also in forms us that preserved meats would sell there very readily. , " , HAMLET MINE.-The new shaft on the couree of what is known as Beddome's .Lode on the Moonta is down 11 fathoms, and the men are in hourly expectation of finding copper. The lode is beauti ful steatite, gossan, and iron. GOVERNOR WELD'S FAMILY IN PEBTH. We see by the Perth Gazette that "on Tuesday evening, September 7, the brigantine Alexandra arrived in Gage's Roads from Adelaide, having on board Mr. Frank de Lisle, (Mrs. Weld's brother,) the four daughters aud two sons of His Excellency Governor Weld, Miss Budget, governess, and Mr. and Mrs. <3ray and infant, Mrs. Darley, Misses Smith and Fryer, and John Bartlett, servants. .The children are Miss Weld, Misses Cecilia. Minnie, andEdith, Masters Humphrey and Everard Weld; the eldest being nine years old. They all arrived in Perth on Wednesday afternoon, and proceeded to Government House. His Excellency and_ Mrs. Weld and Mr. Weld Blundell left Adelaide in the Balclutha, branch mail steamer to the Sound, but when about 80 miles out, and 30 from Kangaroo Island, the machinery broke down. This news was comforting to the West Australians, who were naturally concerned by the non-appearance of the South Australian branch mail steamer last month. "His Excellency and Mrs. Weldmay now be expected to arrive at the Sound by the next mail Eteamer, will stay there about a week, and will probably reach Perth about the first of October." LIGHT RAILWAYS IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.-The following extracts from a letter from a Civil Engi neer in South Australia have been published in Western Australia" You are misinformed if you have been given to understand, or if it is to be inferred from your remarks, that you suppose that railways have not been constructed under £5,000 per mile. One of ten miles was laid out and com pleted under my. direction as engineer for the Company, to include rolling- stock, Sc., for £2,400 per mile. It has been at work three years, and on it are carried by each tram from 50 to 60 tons of copper ore on five 4-wheeled trucks, The passenger traffic is separate. Horse traction is employed; but the line has no steeper gradient than 1-100, and it is quite equal to a 10 or 12 ton locomotive. It pays the proprietors from 15 to 20 per cent. Again-between seven and eight miles of the line (Strathalbyn) on which I am just now engaged as Besident Engineer, in finishing under the South Australian Government, only cost £2,730 per mile. It is true that the total cost of the line was close upon £4,700 per mile, exclusive of rolling-stock; but there were some very heavy works on nine miles, and on that portion two bridges and a viaduct, which cost nearly £23,000. exclusive of heavy earthwo ks. Of course, in each of the first-quoted cases the ground was tolerably favourable, and the hues are single ones with sidings at intervals. But as it is an established fact, steeper inclines can be effi ciently worked with tbe improved engines of the day than of yore was ever calculated upon, tbe extent of earthwork, and the heights of bridges or viaducts. &c.;, can of course be proportionately reduced. If I can give you any further informa tion on this subject generally. I will do so with pleasure, if TOU will give me to understand what you would like to know.-George E. Hamilton, Civil Engineer.-The Lodge, Kensington, bouth Australia." FOKTUNATE SQUATTING.-" Talking of squatting property the other day we," says the GrenvMe Advocate, "were told by a party just returned from Camperdown that Mr. Manifold, a landowner in that part of the colony, had been offered by an English Company £1,500.000 for his property in that district, and the offer had been refused. THE CANDLE-TEEE. - Dr. Schomburgk writes to us as follows:-"I have at last secured and received per mail from Mr. W. Bull, F.L.S., E.G.S., in London, a packet of the celebrated candle-tree (Parmentiera cerifera) of Panama. If I succed in growing tbe seed and acclimatizing tbe plants it will probably prove an introduction of importance. This tree is confined to the valley of the River Chagres. Isthmus of Panama, and was discovered in 1S66, and introduced by Dr. Siemann to England. He says-*In entering a forest of these trees a person might almost fancy himself transported into d chandler s shop. From all the stems and lower branches of these trees hang long cylindrical fruits of a yellow wax colour, so much resembling a candle as to give rise to the popular appellatioD-palo de velas (candle-tree). ' The fruit is generally from two to three, but not ! unfrequently four feet long, and about an inch in diameter. It has opposite bifoliated leaves and large white blossoms, which in its native habitat are grown throughout the year, but are in the treateEt abundance during the rainy season. Previously only one species of Parmentiera pedulus was known to exist, the fruit of which called quamxilotte is eaten by the Mexicans, while that of Parmentiera cerifera serves for food to numerous herds of cattle.'" The energetic Director of the Botanic Garden further informs us that he believes there is little probability of success in the open air except in the moisture of a tropical climate, but in conservatories where there are the requisite appliances there will be no difficulty in getting the plants to grow. DEATH OF A NEPHEW OF SIB WALTER SCOTT. -The Argus has the following:--" William Scott nephew of Sir Walter, died on the 6th of April, last, of cancer in the stomach, at the St. Andrew's Home, Montreal. He had emigrated to Canada in 1828, and for some years past his family had not been acquainted with hia whereabouts. He was admitted into the Home in 1867, where he split wood and did other odd jobs. He was 64 years of age when he died, and his last hours were soothed by the attentions of Alexander Somerville, the . Whistler at the Plough,' who is also an inmate of the institution, but who refuses to be a burden on the charity, and pays for his own board. As soon as the Scott family heard of the death of their relative, they forwarded £100 .to the Home, and asked to be allowed to make some acknowledgment to Mr. Somerville, who con sented to accept a copy of Sir Walter Scott's poems. These, handsomely bound, together with the poems of Burns, were presented to him. Miss Scott also ordered a present of a brooch, handsomely set, to be given to Mrs. Campbell, the Matron of the Home, and a copy of Sir Walter's poems to Mr. Campbell, the Besident Manager of the Home. Those who remember Mr. Alexander Somerville's services to journalism and to free trade will probably feel some surprise that he should be spending the evening of his life in a Benevolent Asylum. His motive for so doing, however, had better be explained in his own words:-'The Home is a double house, four floors, on the slope of a hill, in the centre of Mon treal City, near the comer of Dorchester-street, where it adjoins St. Urbain. At the window of an upper chamber oqe of the least unhappy of human beings, when brain disease subsides, looks out on aleafy grove, on roofs, on church towers, on doves, on birds, and cats asleep i i the sun. He would be a miserable being if he thought his presence here displaced any one else, or was a burden to the funds of the subscribers. Balances of benefits can be adjusted He breathes an at mosphere of seclusion, of moral health, and intel lectual vitality, which money cannot secure to a traveller of his idiosyncrasies elsewhere. The seclusion is delectable, and the society of the transient inmates, enjoyed or avoided at choice, such as conld not be found under any other roof on the face of the earth.' He further states that this 'institution is almost unique among the philanthropies and curiosities of human life; that it is constantly occupied by a stream of strangers, dropping in and dropping out." Mount Barker ... .6 256 Strathalbyn ... 01>80 Willunga. 0*260 Norman ville ... 01)00 Port Elliot ... 0*114 Goolwa 0100 McCJrath'B Flat.. 0*120 Mount Gambier 0"U65 Narracoorte ... O'OSO Wentworth(NS\© 0*169 THANKSGIVING FOB KiXSf.-The Committee of the Evangelical Alliance, as -will be seen by an advertisement inWo&er; column, baye suggested to their feUow- Christians thai devout thanks giving be given to t^d on "Sunday - in the various for the cbpiouBiains which lave fitiipn, and that supplications be, made for an abundant harvest. ' . THK ft*Tww*T.r-The hdnfallbetween 9 a.m. on and the same tour on Monday morning was registered as follows: Adelaide... ... 0*4601 Gawler ... 0 730 Tanunda... ... 0 -370 Blanchetown' ... 0'050 Kapunda 0'430 Auburn. ... ... 0*240 Wallaroo 0*500 Clare Burra 0*42i) Melrose 0590 Fort Augusta ... 0*030 ABCHER-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. _- The anniversary services in connection with this place of worahip were commenced on Sunday, October 10, when the Bev. W. L. Binks (President of the Wesleyan College) preached ii^the morning, and the Bev. J. L. Parsons (Baptist) in the evening, to large congregations. On the following Tuesday evening a tea meeting was held, followed by a public meeting, which was verylargely attended. The proceedings were opened by ihe Bev. J. Cr. Millard (Superintending Minister of the Circuit), and Mr. John Oarr, M.P., occupied the chair. The Chairman referred to"the pleasure it afforded him in meeting them again, andspoke of the work ana objects of the Wesleyan Church. Mr. W. King, jun , then read the'financial statement, which showed that the total debt on the Church was £1326 2s. 4i, of which £100 had to be met as the liability for the year. The sources of income during the last year had been on the increase as compared with the -previous year. He hoped that bv next year the funds would be m a still more 'flourishing condition, and concluded by reading the list of subscribers.. Mr. Williams urged the necessity of money being raisei ihe clouds had poured down thousands of pounds, and all ought to be liberal. The year had been a good spiritual year. Mr. J. B. Hack said as a.n old worshipper he bad been requested to supply the place of the Superintendent in giving a report of the work of God in Archer- street. He was able to speak encouragingly of the way in which the work of God had been earned on. With regard to the finance question, they had had a better income that year than they had ever had before. There hid also been great spiritual improvement. They were in a very hopeful state, and he be lieved hey were experiencing God's blessing. The Kev. T. Lloyd stated that that was the twelfth anniversary service he had attended, and spoke briefly on the subject of glorifying Christ. After the Kev. Messre. Stubbs(Auburn) and Loe (Burra) had spoken, the Kev. J. Kaston, of Wallaroo, referring to the Bey. M. Wilson, said he was the most venerable Wesieyan minister in South Aus tralia. He spoke of the late meetings of the Evan gelical Alliance, commending the system of unity which was being carried out by that body. The Kev. Air. Stephenson (of the bouth-fc,astern District) followed, exhorting those present to do their best to raise the amount of money required. The col lection, with the amount raised at the Sunday services, realized about £90. After the usual votes of thanks were passed, the meeting closed in the customary manner. WHEAL JAMES MINE.-Captain Kitto, of this mine, reports, under date of October 9:-"I have much pleasure in informing you of a discovery of rich ore in the new trial pit, which is 118 yards from Rankin's Shaft in the direction of Kitto's, and is six fathoms four feet from the Wheal Hughes boundary. It was my intention to have sunk the lode at a depth of 15 fathoms, but, fearing there would be no time for me to do 60 during my term of office, I cut into the side at a depth of 10 fathoms, at which point I am pleased to say we have struck the lode, which is really something to be proud of. The lode altogether is about three feet wide, the ore at present being about nine inches wide, with every appearance of its opening wider almost immediately. The ore is a grey and black sulphide of copper, and is worth about 30 per cent, for pure copper as broken down. It requires no dressing. Of course, we cannot see beyond what has been driven, but there is every probability of its turning out first class. Another very important feature 1 am pleased to notice is that of a little ore coming into the end that is being driven toward us from the Wheal Hughes. When they first struck the ore it had the appear ance of something very good, but it looks now like a pocket, and is again on the decline. I am careful in noticing this discovery, because, in the event of its turning out well, the Wheal James will reap the whole benefit of it. .... I am pleased to remark that mv last discovery is the most valu able that has been made in the district for some time." THE PABAMA.TTA.-JCaptain Warren on October 9, reports:-"The ground in the 42 end south of No. 1 Shaft is still hard, and as a necessary conse quence our progress is slow. The lode is large, and makes good patches of rich yellow ore; but as yet there is nothing continuous about it. We have not intersected anything in the 42 cross-cut yet, neither do we expect to do so for some time; the ground there is hard also. In the 32 end driving north of No. 2 Shaft the ground has changed for ,the better, and moderate progress is being made; the lode now being driven through can be taken away at a profit. This end is within two fathoms of the winze sunk from the 22-fathom level, and I will probably be communicated in about a month. : As the bottom of the winze is now below the back j of the level, and as soon as this is holed I shall be able to start two stopes here at once-the northern one being the most valuable yet seen in the mine. The stopes in the back of the 22-fathom level con- j tinue to yield their usual quantity of ore. The ; same will apply to those in the 12-fathom level at the new grass shaft, at which place we have now over 200 tons of ore at surface of a high percentage the class being chiefly red oxide and grey and green ores, in immense rocks of from one to five cwt. each. I have not commenced to dress this yet, but may do so next week. The great risk attached to the sampling of high class ores in their rough state induces me to hope that I shall not be called upon to sample this pile until our crushing appliances are complete, which will be very shortly now. In No. 3 Shaft we have still a splendid lode of ore going down, and the same is standing in both ends of the shaft from its present bottom to the level, above a depth of 7 fathoms. The present yield of the shaft is about 10 tons of 18 per cent, ore to the fathom. We shall commence to drop the pitwork in this shaft in the course of a week, after which I trust that better progress will be made in sinking. The 22 end north of this shaft is hard and poor, and as there is only four fathoms of ground standing between this and the corresponding drive from No. 4,1 do not anticipate any improvement, but directly thiB is holed I shall resume sinking in _ No. 4 Shaft, and also commence *a winze in the bottom of the level between Nos. 3 and i, which will go down in a good course of ore. The lode in the late tribute pitch at No. 4 is not looking quite so well as it was, but is still turning out very good ore. The prospects of the mine improve rather than diminish, and there need be no mis givings as to the future. The quantity of ore raised during the week is 200 tons. I have sent away 200 tons, and have 683 tons now on hand. PORT MACDONNELL MOORINGS.-During the heavy weather on Tuesday last the Flying Squirrel dragged the moorings she was at in the bay about a cable length. The Government were at once tele graphed to to have the anchor replaced, and we understand the schooner Jet, now in the Bay, has been engaged to do the work before leaving. Border Watch. LABGE SCHOOL.-A Melbourne contemporary, referring lately to the progress made by the Bank street Common School, Emerald Hill, says: "Since the additions have been completed the buildings of the establishment cover an immensely large area of ground, and are capable of accommo-. j dating from 800 to 1,000 scholars." | HEATS IN BACING.-At a meeting of the "Vic toria Racing Club the following rule has been adopted"No races shall be ran in heats on any racecourse under the management of the Victoria Bacing Club." i BEV. J. O. DYKES.-A meeting of the London Presbytery of the English Presbyterian Church was held on July 19, at which the Bev. Mr. Matheson, interim Moderator of Kegent-square Session, requested that the Presbytery should fix a day for the moderation of a call from that congre gation to the Bev. J. O. Dykes. The Presbytery agreed to the request, and resolved to hold a meeting for that purpose. It was stated that the Session and congregation had reason to believe that Mr. Dykes would accept the call. We may state that this is the wealthiest and most liberal congregation in the English Presbyterian Church, and that the stipend is £800. Mr. Dykes will in all probability be allowed an assistant foi the purpose of husbanding his strength and better discharging the more important duties of the congregation. Scotsman. BABY LOST IN THE BOSH.-Narratives of men being lost in the bush and perishing there from thirst, heat, or the effects of strong drink are o such frequent occurrence in this part of the world and especially the Biverine District and outlying coun-.ry, that comparatively little notice is taken or enquiries made about them when their remains arc accidentally discovered, and they are sometimes left to bleach, or a hole is dug on the spot to receive their bones- But it is not often we hear of such an occurrence as the following in connection with a very young wanderer. A wellsinker and his family camped near a waterhole in the Darling back country, and somehow allowed their child, a boy, not more than 18 months old. to'strayfrom their sight early in the forenoon of Friday. October 1, and searched in vain for him until dark. They then sent in to Wilcannia for the aid of the police and a black tracker, who started early next morning, but did not succeed in finding the poor little feuow until the afternoon. The tracker bad then discovered him asleep with his cap over his eyes and hiB head as far under a bush aa he could get it. thus no doubt preventing the crows from picking his eyes out, as a great number of these bold and ravenous birds were waiting and hopping round him ready and eager to pick the flesh from his bones as soon as they, could get the chance. The little fellow must have walked, according to his tracks, a distance of nut less than six mues from the camp and through a thick scrub, and but for the timely and successful aid of Constable Arttnc and his black tracker would so doubt soon have perished for want of sustenance. I TBIAL OP COLOHtAi PLOUGH.-About 40 of the farmers .and others assembled in Mr. Manning's paddock, Saddleworth, on Satur day. to test theefliciency of Mr. Mellor's new patent double-farrow plough. After apretty good trial, the opinionof the majority was that the.., plough did its -work well, and that'it was better and cheaper than those imported. Our corre spondent addB that "it must have given great satisfaction to those who witniessed the superior working of the plough, as several ordeis were given at once, and more, talk of getting one .so soon as they can * raise the wind.' ; It works lighter than other ploughs, owing to its having three wheels, with patent axles instead ofa.slide, and it only requires to become known to become a general favourite with farmers. A vote of tnanKs was afterwards given to Mr. Mellor, who was on the ground, for turning out a class of plough that would eventually Bupeisede inferior makes. SOUTH RHINE GOLD-FIELD.-From the South Rhine Gold-Field the news reaching here, says our Barossa correspondent, is encouraging; and pro spects are said to be better than ever. I saw a letter on Tuesday from there written to a person here, in which it is stated that a small stone in which but one speck could bs seen, when broken nD, looked full of gold. Yesterday I saw a. digger jiist arrived from there, who confirmed the state ment. The stone weighed about 1 lb., some esti mating the cold obtained at nearly £ dwt., but he thoughtabout idwt , consisting of some little rough specks and fine gold. The letter also stated.thati a report had leached there from Adelaide that the crushing of two tons of quartz sent from the nela was expected, judging from the amalgam, to yield over 10 ozs. of gold to the ton. GOLD AND COPPER. - A correspondent, who has paid a visit to the gold and copper producing localities in Talunga and South Rhine, writes as follows concerning the most prominent: - "Having been on a trip to the South Rhine gold-fields, I found that there were several men working on the reefs, some of which are turning out gold. The prospecting patty have sent some quartz to Adelaide to be crushed, and if the result is good there will be an engine and stampers put up at once. This will be a fine thing for the district. I was obliged to stay a day, on account of Cobb and Co.'s coaches only running to Palmer three days a week to the great disadvantage of travellers, l went to the Reedy Creek Mine, and was surprised to see the excellent machinery and numerous fane houses, forming quite a township. On the floors there are some fine samples of copper ore of different kinds. On going underground I was quite astonished at seeing so fine a mine stopped with so much ore in sight. I have been a miner for 30 years, but have never seen a mine quarter so good as that idle before in South. Australia. West I crossed the ranges to the Palmer Mint and whilst crossing I saw Bome fine looking lodes in the ranges, worth while of any Company to develop them, and I think there is tin about m the granite to pay for seeking; but I shall have a look over this part again soon. The Palmer Mine -is about 590 yards from the township of that name, and close to the Mannum-road. The lease was granted to Messrs. Marks & Skinner by Mr. Davenport, but they, not having capital to work the mine properly, sold part of their interest to Mr. Pole, a gentleman in Adelaide. They did what was wise. There are now about 20 men working underground. Good ore is visible, and 1 believe they sent away 10 10119 last week of a high percentage. A great many tons are on the fl x>rs to be smeltedat the mine, as Mr. Pole is about to erect, works to smelt low per centage ore. The inhabitants speak highly in praise of Mr. Pole for his enterpnse, and by ail appearances he will have agooi mine. _Mr. Jrole is an example to many Companies in South Australia. He expects to put on 10 men more next survey-day, October 16. If we had more gentle men in the colonv like him many mines would be developed, and mining would make a greater stir throughout the province. He hopeB to send 20 tons of high-class ore to Port Adelaide next week, and the furnace will sooa be in order to bght up and commence smelting.*' REPOBT ON STATE OF CBOP3.-An intelligent and experienced farmer, who has recently paBsed from his residence on Wakefield Plains, in the Hundred of Dalkey, right across ail the inter vening agricultural districts to Langhorne's Creek, occasionally diverging to the right or left of his main route in order to examine the crops in im portant localities, has favoured us with the fol lowing note of his impressions, and we merely remind readers that from some of the districts traversed our local correspondents have since reported the fall of later showers, which have materially improved the position 'of affairs. In some localities-though these are comparatively few in number and limited in area-the rainfall has been too late. The writer dates his letter Dalkey, October 9, and says: "I find the country looking very much improved by the late rains, and the wheat looking far more healthy than it did, the sickly, drooping, bad coloured appearance of the wheat to have m a great measure entirely vanished, and now it bids [air for a crop. Light it will be without doubt, for the scarcity of rains throughout the country during the early part of the season prevented the wheat plant from stocking; and thus from throw ing up any great number of heads, which evil no favourable weather now will remedy. 1 find this is the universal opinion of those farmers with whom I have conversed on the subject. The route I took was from Dalkey (Wakefield Plains) through Grace Plains across the Light River to Two Wells township, and from there across the Gawler to Adelaide, and then to Strathalbyn, Sandergrove, the Plains, and Langhorne's Creek to Wood chester. Mount Barker, Hahndorf, to town. The wheat" on the hills looks pretty well, though short. At Langhorne's Creek some complained of their wheat looking very bad, but that which seems the worst of all is on the Light and Two Wells. One farmer s wife I heard sav that all their wheat was dead. On the Wake field we have had some fine showers, which are bringing the wheat on very well. We have in between 40!) and 500 acres of wheat, and reckon we shall do well to average between four and hve bushels per acre. As we have had no heavy rains, the River Wakefield is dry here, and we nave, to depend on wells for water. We had some nice rains last night and early this morning, and now the sun is shining brightly." DABLIKG RAINS.-From Wilcannia our letter cheeringly Bays:-"-ZV# desperandum. At last we havelhad aifine heavy rain to cool the earth and lay the dust. On October 4 the wind and dust lose and nearly blinded and suffocated us, as usual. It was succeeded by about 10 hours' steady rain and thunderstorms, which set all the creeks running near Momba. and will do good, I trust, over a large extent of country, which was sadly in need of it." SCAB IN SHEEP.-We (Mount Gambier Standard) are glad to learn that, thanks to the exertions of flockowners and the watchful vigilance of Mr. Inspector Wells, this infectious disease iB now o far eradicated as to be within perfectly manageable limits. PRESENTATION TO THE RIGHT REV. L. B. SHI hi.. -We are requested to state that the name of the Rev. T. Bongartes was omitted by mistake from the signature of' the address of the clergy, pre sented to the Roman Catholic Bishop on his depar ture for Rome. The whole amount contributed to the right rev. prelate, to meet his expenses, was £641, consisting of £220 from the clergy, £21 from the Dominican Convent, and £100 from the laity. HTT.T. CROPS.-From Strathalbyn. on October 13, our letter reports"The late beautiful rains have much, improved the general appearance of the crops, the colour of which is now a deep healthy green; indeed, it is seldom we have seen so deep a green so generally prevail- We trust this omen i a good one, and that the health of the crops will continue, so that ultimately we may be blessed with at least a medium harvest." Writing on the same day ourMorphett Valecorrespondentremarks that "the crops have -greatly improved, and since the rains of October 10 have certainly put on a finer appearance. Although we have no expectation of reaching anything like last year's average, yet as it isthere is much cause for thankfulness, considering our prospects three weeks ago." - THE DEPARTURE OF BISHOP SHIEL (R.C.).-On Wednesday the beachrangera were somewha startled by the presence of a crowd of ecclesiastics who were on the Semaphore Jetty to witness the departure of the head of the Catholic clergy. Prior to stepping into the boat, the Bishop bestowed his Episcopal benediction on each, and on the conclu sion of the ceremony embarked, with Father Woods, in the Lurline, which conveyed them to the Alexandra steamer, then lying in the road stead. HAKBOUB IMPROVEMENTS. -Our Shipping Re porter writes:-"The ideas embodied in the new scheme of harbour improvement are by no means new, although at present they bear somewhat the semblance of novelty. A series of letters appeared in the- correspondence columns of the daily0 papers some years back, advocating precisely the same scheme as that now submitted, and making additional proposals. By no means the least of the references was to the fact that on the opposite line of coast are quarries of excellent stone for wharf or breakwater purposes. The details of MOSBTS. Wells & Watts's proposal are identical with the tenor of the letters, referred to." NUGGET.-We have seen the handsome nugget referred to in Tuesday's Journal as having been just found at Barossa. The gold has a massive and pure appearance, and is firmly attached to the end of an irregularly shaped piece of ironstone slightly studded with quartz. The whole weighs over 7 ozs., and the specimen has been bought by the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank. A SINGULAR COINCIDENCE. - The parcel of gold shipped by the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank to Melbourne last week weighed 2,155 ozs., and is valued at £8,500. This Bum reduced to shillings would give 170,000, being just Is. per head for every man, woman, and child in the colony. BALHANNAH GOLD.-The crushing of a ton of refuse stuff from the Balhannah Mine has been completed by the Chilian mill at Mr. Wentzel's, East-terrace, and the yield is 8 dwt. 17 grns. of gold. The crushing was superintended by Mr. Dalwood, one of the Directore of the Balhannnh Mining Company. Lectubb OH CAST.-On Thursday evening, October 14, the.Bev. J. L. Parsons delivered a lecture, in Lefevre-terrace Baptist Church, on "Cant." There waaacrowded attendance, and Mr. £. S. Wigg presided. The lecturer said that a large vocabulary,. and an accurate ose'of vtads eould always be taken as sure indications of a disciplined intellect and a clear thinker, whereas a narrow Vocabulary and an incorrect UBe of -words mnrifP^ the man of neglected intellect and mental confusion. Mabypeople regardal words much as children did coins bafore they had le^t their worth: for as they think most of the biggest, and the heaviest, and the brightest, so these set the highest value upon words that have the most .syllables, and ate the hardest to pronounce. Then there were some word3 which could be said to be , of unknown quantities, and which were used for evervthinir irrespective of their proper value. Kor instance, there were the two adjectives . awful and "iolly," which by people of lazy minds are used to qualify everything that is in the heaven above, the earth beneath, or the water under the earth. Then there was the word cant. But the difference between it and the other words already mentioned was that, whilst they are applied indiscriminately to things se cular and sacred, cant was redferved exclusively for religion, religious people, and religious things. It had therefore av.ty extended, and yet a very restricted meaning. It was applied to religion as a whole or to any part of it, but to nothing else. It was the one word by which an earnest, fervent, and practical Christian was sought to be described , as Contemptible, vulgar, and hypocritical. The root of tlie word is the Latin " canto, sonifying a mode of speech" From the defimtions of the word given by Webster, Johnson, and others.it was quite evident that it meant any peculiar mode of speech, either as to the matter or the manner oj it. or including both, and etymolojncally it earned the idea of singing and whining. It was held as a settled thing in the minds of men of the world that, there was in religion, even in the grandly simple Gospel of Jesus Christ, something that made men false, contemptible, and mean -something from which art, science, politics, literature, profes sions, and business were wholly tree. It was said ! in all varieties of humanspeech that the distinctive qualities of Church members were showing the whites of their eyes, doleful psalm-singing, painful praying through the nose, assumed sanctimoniousness, and unbounded snivel, it was to protest against this sort of talk that the lecture was wiitten. He meant to show, it he could, that whilst there was cant enough and to «pare about religion, there was quite as much cant about politics, the Press, Friendly and Secret Societies, and about professional and biwiness hie. The lecturer then mentioned S9me of the words and phrases common among Christian people, ana which would puzz'e and astonish a great many persons in their intercourse with proteasing members of churches. He could adduce numerous and serious reasons why the use of these barbarous phrases should be discontinued, but it was scarcely necessary. He proceeded to urge that they were ridiculous, obscure, and perplexing, and that they suggested all kinds of absurd ideas totheumtiated. He then referred in pungent words at great length to the cant observable in Friendly and Secret Societies, in the medical profession, the Bar. and the Press. The lecture, which was throughout highly amusing, while it conveyed wholesome lessons as to the use of cant phrases, given in a moBt attractive manner, and well received by tne audience, who showed their pleasure constantly throughout. A collection was _ made, which, amounted to over £S, and ihe meeting closed with votes of thanks. The lecture would bear repetition if given in South Adelaide, and should secure a large number of hearers. THE SAILORS' HOME.-We are informed that £44103.3d., the net proceeds of the late amateur performance in aid of the Sailois' Home, is to be handed over to that institution. PICNIC AT Mubra.Y MOUTH.-A picnic was held on the 14th October, to which Captain and Mrs. Smart, of the ship Coonatto, now receiving cargo at Port Victor, were specially invited. A special truck left Port Victor at 8*15 w.th 30 to 40 ladies and gentlemen; but at Port Elliot and Goolwa the number was increased to 90. The party went in the steamer Blanche to the mouth of the Murray, where a sumptuous spread was provided. Croquet, football, quoits, footracing, &c.;, were the staple amusements. The weather was beautifully fine, and all enjoyed themselves to the utmost. At a quarter to 5 the party started for Goolwa, and on arrival Mr. Thomas Goode. sen., proposed thanks to Messrs. Swanell and Wallace for placing the steamer at the disposal of the Committee. Three hearty cheers followed, and thus closed one of the most pleasant days ever spent in the South. BBEECH - LOADING CABBINB.-We have been shown by Captain R inkine a b eech- loading carbine of similar construction to that now issued to the cavalry troops in the British army. It is a strong, well-made, and plainly but carefully finished weapon, made upon the Snider principle, and , adapted for the cartridges used in the "converted Enfields," so that it would not require any special kind of ammunition. The loading-chamber is opened to receive the cartridge with a single motion, which only needs reversing to close it again. The cartridge and cap are combined, and discharged by a needle on tbe fall of the hammer, in the same way as in the Snider rifle. We under stand that this weapon, which includes a snap-cap and ramrod for cleaning, is manufactured by Mr. W. A. Tisdall. of Birmingham, who undertakes to supply a similar article in Quantity for £3 each delivered in London. We understand that Captain Kankine has submitted the carbine to the Govern ment, and urged the desirability of arming the volunteer cavalry with this useful and inexpensive weapon. In the kind of service which the cavalry, I if called into action, would probably have to per- ] form, such an arm would be a most valuable addition to their accoutrements, while it has the recommendation of being perfectly safe and handy to cany. QUEER TEAVBLt.EES.-The exploits of the cheap cloth-for-clergymeu-travalling firm appear to have induced a couple of cousins-germane to start on an equally laudable expedition. A few days ago two men, whose appearance was not considered to be strongly in their favour, visited the picturesque town of Gumeracha. They favoured boniface of the Kenton Inn with their patronage, giving out that they were commercial travellers, but remaining in that place two or three days longer than genuine gents of the road can usually afford to spare. The extent and variety of the commissions said to have been entrusted to them have not been positively ascertained, but it is very doubtful if they really are deputed by any respect able house whatever, although at some time or other mercantile firms have had the misfortune to be represented by one of these worthies. While quite willing to enjoy the hospitalities of Host Hewish, they eeemed amid their multifarious engagements to have forgotten the necessity for loose cash wherewith to pay. One _ of the pair having suddenly gone off, taking his friend's coat, the other displayed great anxiety, and started in . hot pursuit, both failing to remember to wipe out their hotel score. At another hoBtelry on the same line of road they are believed to have united their forces, and continued their course. While in the Gumsracha District, one of their eccentricities was their pre tending to be accredited agents for these papers, and among other commissions entrusted^ to them they represented was that of their being desired to obtain private subscribers to the Segtster. In one instance, specially mentioned, a tradesman ordered the Register; fortunately, however, paying no sub scription, and our friends to keep up appearances..it is to be presumed, filled up and handed over some sort of k small printed form. This papar was not taken care of, and the document is not now forth coming. We need hardly say that the persons referred to are not autnonzed by us, and that they have not now and never had the remotest connec tion With OUT Staff. Their peculiar vagaries, oitfre appearance, and ridiculous pretensions will doubt less sufficiently indicate them to tradespeople or country residents whom they may call upon or meet. Begul -r and respectable commercials, or commission agents engaged by mercantile men, need fear no annoyance from mistaken identity. The desire of all such will be to expose and drive from the road such utter shams. MEDICAL BOARD.-A largely-attended meeting of the Medical Association was held in the Board room of the Adelaide Hospital on Thursday evening, October 14. when numerous country members were present, and Dr. Gosse, the Presi dent, was in the chair. Xt was resolved to hold regular meetings on a day and at an hour agreed upon-firstly, for discussing such cases as may be brought forward by members; secondly, for the examination of morbid specimens; and, tmrdiy, for reading and discussing papers of practical interest to the profession. It was also resolved unanimously-"That the Secretary. Dr. Gunson, inform Dr. Patterson tnat the medical Association congratulated him on his able and complete vindication of his character and conduct as Kesi dent Medical Officer of the Lunatic Asylum, and desires to record its conviction that the charges brought against him were frivolous and un founded." The meeting then adjourned, with the intention of considering on a future day the Medical Bill about to be submitted to the House by the Attomey-'JeneraL THE ALMANDA,-We hear that the Almanda Mine is to resume working on Monday next. Mr. Bailey's patent has been applied to three of the separators by way of experiment, and a con centrator baa also been provided. The result of the renewed operations will be watched with interest. Trrm TEN-DAY TABIEP.-We believe the amount of extra duties collected at the Fort during the few days that Mr. Hughes's amended tariff was in force has been returned to the various importers. No time, therefore, has been lost in putting a finishing stroke to the Treasurer's unfortunate move towards increased Customs taxation. EAJLWAY TRAFFIC.-The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended Satur day, October 9, was:-Port Line-Passengers 5,111; fares,|£224 lis. 2d.; goods, £106 Os. Id. Nortli Line-Passengers, 1,591; fares, £338 17s. lid.; goods, £532 6s. 8d. Total, £1,20114s. 10d. THE RAINFALL.-The following telegrams were posted at the Telegraph Office at 4 p.m. on Friday:-"Fine rain commenced at the Buna at 2.15.; Melrose-Wind north, very light and doae. Had stiff Bhoweia of rain this morning. Port Augusta. Looks as if weehal] eoon have a thunder storm." ? BURTON'S Cntcos AT BABOBSA.-We are re quested to state that Barton's Troupe will pgrfnym at Barossa on Friday next instead of Saturday. as advertised elsewhere. i ' CMCEET.-Tbig afternoon a cricket match is to be played below Mootefiote Hill between the Kent and South Australian dabs. H»« Ky/«Ji«>ny Is expected to attend. ELEVEN-OUNCE NDGGETAT BABOSSA.-A beau tiful nftgget, weighing about 11 ozj., was found on the morning of Friday, October, ifij, on Victoria Hill, by Mr. Potter, in the claim of RxWippp^ Potter, and Chowles. " THE ADELAIDE MEAT-PEES EEVING COMPANY. We understand the whole of the buildings at the Company's works near Queenstown are completed, and that operations will commence in the course "of next week. MEETTNG CF GERMAN COLONISTS.-On Friday evening, October 8, there jwas a large attendance of German colonists at the Hotel Europe, to con sider the advisability of raising' subscriptions towards the expenses connected with the German Expedition to the North Pole; also in aid of a monument in the city of Berlin in memory of Humboldt. Mr. A. von Treuer occupied the chair; and Mr. W. Eggers remarked that the Germans in the Australian Colonies were connected with their native country by ties of affection, and shared in the pleasures -and pain of those left in the Fatherland. It was, therefore, very proper that they should * now and then prove the existence _ of this feeling, as they had done several times before. It was the duty of every German in the colony on this occasion to assist the mother-country in her endeavours, and to show that they had not forgotten Humbol-it, Germany s great son. He then referred te the Polar Expedition, and the recent colliery accident in Dresden, by the latter of which hundreds of women and children had lost their guardians and supporters. If the Iiedertafel were once more to give the German opera " Mardgrundoruck." private subscriptions would thns be largely sup plemented. Messrs. O. Ziegler, A. H, F. Bartefi, J.P., ff. O. Gerke, J.P., and several other leading Oerman. colonists spoke mainly in support of the proposal. It was decided that private subscrip tions should be solicited, and that the money should be equally divided between the objects named. A Committee was then appointed to carry out the objects of the meeting. Da. MUECKE.-We notice from the Tanunda Zeitung that the intended departure of Dr. Muecke next month for Melbourne is deeply regretted by his numerous friends and the settlers around Tanunda, and that during last week great exertions were made, but without success, to induce him to change his intention and remain in the colony. The worthj Doctor wa3 offered a certain yearly income, or that a large sum Bhould be invested at interest, to which one gentleman offered to con tribute^ £50, whilst others would do so according to their means. The Doctor, however, replied that pecuniary considerations were not the [cause of his leaving. Dr. Muecke has received a letter from iir. Mueller, of the Botanic Gardens, Mel bourne. m which that gentleman speaks of the great pleasure he feels in Dr. Muecke intending to BPendthe evening of his life in that colony, as he will then have numerous opportunities of inter course with him. EXTENSION OP THE FKEE LIST.-An important meeting of the Chamber of Manufactures was held on Friday morning, at the Exchange Koom, Town Hall, to consider the advisability of taking steps to get a number of articles required for manufacturing purposes admitted into the colony duty free. Most of the gentlemen present were those inte rested in the manufacturing interest. The chair was filled by the Hon. J. Morphett, M.LCL ihere seemed to be a general concurrence in the desirability of taking such action as should lead to an extension of the present free list, and a resolution to that effect was unanimously carried. It is not to be wondered that, embracing, as the meeting did, some members of Parliament and others who have become known as avowed Pro tectionists, there should be some attempt to press the matter a little further than the promoters of the meeting intended, and the fact of such being the case led in the end to some little dissension. JLne meeting resulted in the appointment of a Committee to prepare a list of articles which the Parliament should be petitioned to admit duty free for the purpose of fostering colonial industry. SALE OP SE.ZED GOODS.-On Friday morning the Government Auctioneer, Mr. J. H. Parr, sold by auction the goods recently seized by H.M. Customs, as follows:-An invoice of jewellery, in cluding the obscene watchkeys, from which, how ever, the objectionable pictures had been punched, realized £313; six gold watches, six gilt do., and six silver do., fetched £29 2s.; two harmoniums were sold at £14 5s. each, and four at £12. The total amount obtained was £44312s. ACCIDENT.-A man named Gilbert Peiks, whilst engaged in discharging the cargo of the ship South Australian, met with an awkward accident on Friday morning. A railway truck was being raised from the hold by the winch, and in lowering it one of the winch handles flew oii" and struck the man on the head, inflicting a serious wound. Captain Bruce rendered every assistance until the arrival of Dr. Forwood, by whom the wound was dressed. FANCY SALE.-We observe it is intended to hold on November 19 and 20 a sale of useful and ornamental articles in Christchurch Schoolroom, North Adelaide; the proceeds to be devoted to the' liquidation of the debt on the building. If we may judge by the display the North Adelaidean ladies made in the Town Hall a few months ago, we may anticipate a decided success. WEECK OF A MOBRAY STEAMED.-We fedT the following account of the sinking of the Murrum bidgee steamer from the DenUiqwin Chronicle, as furnished by their Hay correspondent:-"She left Cuba (Waller & Gorton's), with 169 bales wool and 13 bales skins, on the 27th September, having been laid up for some time for want of water. The river having risen five feet, Captain Hill started. No mishaps occurred till passing lliilliwah shortly iLt"je^th,nan(i wheu wit∈ three bends of the Marked Tree Poml (about four miles from Hay), she struck a snag right in her centre. No time was lost in removing the wool to see the damage. .-Blankets and rice bags were tried in vain to stay the water, but without avail; the water gamed too fast. Captain hill then gave orders to reverse the engines, and ran her into the bank, bhe now lies with her forecastle out of the water ' not more than 10 feet from the bank. The steamer Kiverme arrived on the scene of the catastrophe early on Friday morning, and succeeded by Satur day night m raising out SO bales." A NUGGET FBOM JUFITEB.-We have seen a. lump of gold encrusted with ironstone, obtained by Mr. John Hunt from Foster's Gully, Jupiter Creek, a few days ago. Its weight is 1 oz. 2 dwts., - and it has been purchased by Mr. Muirhead, of King William and Bundle streets. The finder has been working at the diggings with indifferent . success for about a year, and the discovery of a. nugget has naturally had a very cheering effect upon him. TEMPERANCE.-On October 13 a temperance meeting was held in the Bible Christian Chapel Glen Osmond, Mr. W. H. Madge presiding! Band' of Hope melodies were sung, recitations given, and speeches made, as reported on former occasions. The Chairman stated there were now 50 names on the pledge book there.-Next evening a similar gathering took place at Mitcham. Mr. Scott presiding The Chairman said he WAS there to show what aid* he was on. Speeches followed by Messrs. Pepper Moore, Barneveld, Tapacott, and Lavington earnestly advocating teetotal principle*, describing the adulterations m liquors, urging those orpufnr to identify themselves with the caus^ or con demmng the keeping open of licensed houses on Sundays. Five names were added to the list of members.-We receive reports more or less lengthy nearly every day of similar * HXIS*I?1®?and extremely anxious to attorn the fullest possible information with refe rence to the temperance or any other movement. it is not necessary to minntely note the 0f reciters and speakers with the pieces rendered or the subject-matter of addresses, when these are constant repetitions. Statements of fact and details of progress we shall always find room for but in the crowded state of our papers it is imnos sitle to insert more than brief and condensed notices. VESSELS IN HABBOOB.-A most excellent oppor tunity occurred on Saturday of inspecting the ves sels in harbour, and it is doubtful if in any port south of the Line, in proportion to the trade, BO many handsome ships were lying together. Indeed it is a noteworthy fact that with all the disadvan tages of the Port such fine vessels are found in its waters. At the Prince's Wharf the Dana, Murray and E. A. Oliver attract attention, while further down at the new berth of the North-parade the latest novelty, Bel tana, looks as if every ewe an d attention had been given to make her presentable^ The barque Inveraray, at the Queen'iHs to no means a contemptible craft, for in her hiiii H would be difficult to choose a better ship for inter colonial purposes; although the gear aloft is not such as would delight the eye topsails,,.with rolling topgallantsails over, being 1iJUh 5 ® Pr In the next berth, at the Company's Wharf lies HJ6 t 4J^^r^sn. a vessel possessing more than usual interest; Beeing that she is Jargelr owned in the colony. She is a very handsome specimen of the shipbuilders' skill, and in every way the state of appliances and gear reflect credit on the master and officers. She is discharging her cargo of general merchandise, and the greater part of the homeward wool iB ready for stowage. The Uty of Adelaide, in the stream, belongs to the same line, and is making such progress that she {"'l aail to time. In the stream abreast of Levi's Wharf the Camaauheen was moored, a full shjD with &700 bales of wool on board for .London- =jBs it would be difficult to imagine a ship in fetter tnm for the voyage. All her gear and appliances ue well taken care of, and there can be no harm in predicting for her a rapid passage home. In the Sompwy's Basin the Bundaleerdisplays the same tiouse flag; and being as light as possible a good ipportumty occurs of seeing what her lines reallv ue hke, and they leave but little to be desired* indeed, this ship is equal, If not superior, to many irlifir compeers both in appearance and general NABROW ESCAPE.-On Wednesday last one of Mr. Bounsevell's wagons carting sleepers to tbe Bail way Station was about to cross tbe line just as the Kapunda train was coming in. The driver did not see the train until his lead iEg horses had Llieir fore feet on the line, and the train struck the off horse on the collar, and again on the ribs. Tbe ?peed, of course, was not rapid, and the horses were poshed down, one of tbem falling into the ashpit, which was probably the means of saving their lives. Neither of them was much hurt. Gawler Times. ACCIDENT.-On Friday afternoon, October 8, as a little boy of Mrs. Vaughan's, of Russell-street, was crossing the road, he was ran over by a horse and trap belonging to Mrs. Green, of the Bay-road, and driven by a lad named White. The child was not much hurt. THE TIDAL WAVE.-Tbe Melbourne Daily Telegraph of Wednesday, 6th instant, says: "The tidal wave, which has been predicted for Bome time past to take place yesterday, did not come oft' as the sporting phrase runs. St. Kilda, Sandridge, and Williams town Btill retain their.respective positions, and not even a rat has been drowned in;a cellar, so far as we can under stand. The residents by the Bay exhibited a somewhat unimpressionable demeanour on the occasion, and pursued their amphibious and domestic avocations as 'tranquilly as usual. This was tbe more remarkable inasmuch as in town the impending, catastrophe was the absorbing topic of every tongue; and, indeed, the atmospheric ap pearances for some time previous to the antici pated period of the inundation were of a somewhat ominous nature. Thunder, lightning, and rain, were experienced only a couple of days previously, and the sky was overcast aDd gloomy in aspect. To complete the threatening indications, a perfect downpour of rain descended all through Monday night and yesterday forenoon, and the Varra rolled in a rapid and turbid current between its banks towards tbe sea. Notwithstanding ail these facts, however, the Ides of March have come and gone, and Caesar is still alive and kicking. Or, dropping metachor, the 5th of October has passed, and nothing particular has occurred in the way of a deluge. The tide of yesterday was not as much as an inch greater in elevation than usual." WOOL-PBESSING AT KAPONDA.-Our correspon dent, under date of October 8, states that " wool pressing is now being carried on here to a very large extent, there being two presses now at work, one of which has been erected in a very com modious store, with every accommodation, situate right on the railway line, so that the wool is taken from the drays, put into the press, and from there it is loaded into the tracks direct, and for warded to the Port or Adelaide. This, although being a single press, the proprietors, Messrs. Bell, Stock, & Go, have dumped from 110 to 120 bales of wool in the 21 hours. Since tbe press was erected Messrs. Darton & Co. have put up a double wool press in one end of their stables, which is also situate near the line of rail. I am told that this press, when in proper working order, will dump from 8:* to 90 bales a day. So that now nearly ail the Northern wool, which used in former years to go to the Port impressed, and be dumped there, is now done in Kapunda. THE WHEAL JAMES MINING COMPANY.-The following telegram has been received by the Directors from the captain of the above mine: "Struck the lode yesterday in the new trial pit six fathoms from the Wheal Hughes boundary at 10 fathoms deep. The ore is nine inches wide, 33 per cent.; bearing of lode, 32° east of north.1' THE FIBE AT SCOTT'S CHEEK.-OUT Nairne correspondent says:-"The damage occasioned by the fire at Scott's Creek Smelting Works on Sunday last was I am happy to state not so serious as was supposed. Mr. Hallett, Manager of the Worthing Mining Company, was up at the works on Wed nesday, and gave orders to have the damages made good immediately. The fire did not necessitate any stoppage of the smelting operations." GAS AT STRATHALBYN.-Tbe Southern Argus Btates that Mr. McNamee, the contractor who laid gaspipes inGawJer and Kapunda, hopes to com plete those of Strathalbyn within four weeks, mploying 20 hands. DAMAGE TO TELEGEAPH LINE. -It is stated by the Southern Argus that lately some one exhibited mischievous propensities by damaging the tele graph line about a mile from Strathalbrn, on the Adelaide-road. The line was all right on Saturday morning; but on the following Monday it was found that 23 insulators had been knocked off the poles and the wire of four of the poles. CUSTOMS DUTIES.-The Hon. Treasurer has determined upon reconsidering the decision re. cently arrived at in regard to the harmoniums im ported from Melbourne by Mr. Goodman, of Bundle-street. He has been furnished, we are informed, with certain information, of which he was not possessed when the Executive considered the matter. ACCIDENT.-On Saturday evening William Hack, the driver of a vegetable cart, whilst passing over that portion of the Peninsula-road between the two bridges, was jolted out of his cart, and the wheel passing over his head, hurt him seriously He was at once conveyed to his residence. SURVEY OF WASTE LANDS.-An elaborate paper has been laid on the table of the House of Assembly showing the applications made by pastoral lessees for the survey of portions of their runs from 1st Januaiy, 1857, to 1st January, 1867. Without some clue as to the object of the return, it is impossible to estimate its value. The Government Printer calculates that the cost of printing it alone was £3 10s. fid. THE WEATHER.-The rainfall in Adelaide during Sunday was heavy and continuous. In many of the churches and other places of worship thanks were offered up for the copious showers that have lately fallen. NORTH ADELAIDE CROQUET CLUB.-Pursuant to advertisement a meeting of this Club was held in the Christchurch Schoolroom on Friday, 8th October. Owing to the email attendance it was found impracticable to arrange for a continuance of the Club through the coming season, and it was censequently decided, amidst many expressions of regret from those present, to wind up the Club, and dispose of the plant among the members. An advertisement in our business columns announces a meeting for the purpose. MR. ANGAS'S TENANTS AT Flaxman'S VALLEY. -Mr. Skelton's allusion at the Hotel Europe to the Germans of Flaxman's Valley who were so benighted as not to vote for him when he was a candidate for Barossa. turns out to be, like most of his utterances in the same quarter-very Fkel tonian. We have been shown evidence that Mr. Angas never had anything like 90 tenants at Flaxman's Valley, 37 having been the number at the time Teferred to by Mr. Skelton, that instead of there not being SO families now in the place, it still contains 26 of the obstinate Ger mans who would not believe in Mr. Skelton; and that instead of the other 11 having been dis trained, only one has undergone that process, and his difficulties did not originate with his farm Out of a rent-roll amounting to about £1,800, Mr. Angas remitted last year £771. The public will appreciate Mr. Skelton's singular good taste in thus interlarding his political ravings with private calumny. He may also perceive that he is some what mistaken in his assumption that facts are of as little importance to everybody else as to him self. MORE REVISION OF SALARIES.-It is reported that Mr. Carr, on Tuesday nest, intends moving, as an amendment to the House going into Committee upon the Estimates, a motion similar to that read by him on Tuesday last, affirming that the Govern ment should bring in revised Estimates of ex penditure effecting a general reduction in salaries. Judging by the speeches already made, this pro position. or something akin to it. should have the support of several of the members belonging to the defunct Caucus; but it is by no means certain that they will declare in its favour. They will more probably seek to attain their object in a different way. NORTHERN WEATHER.-On Monday morning, October 11, ourBlinman correspondent's weekly letter says" Light showers of rain fell on Sunday afternoon and during the night, anof were accom panied by strong wind. The clouds this morning have the appeaiance of more rain."-On October 12, from Melrose, our correspondent reports that *' during the afternoon and evening of Sunday we were again favoured with a few hours' good rain.' -From Port Augusta, on the day before, our local correspondent remarks that "the weather during the week has been rather changeable, but I am happy to say we have had a few more showers of rain, which were very acceptable, and will do a deal of good. At present it is very cold and stormy."-A letter received by a mercantile firm in the city, dated Beltana, October 9. states: "We had slight showers of rain on the 30th of September and 1st October, but. which will do little or no good." A Telegraph Office memo, of 13ih October says" Port Augusta reports nice rain at PichirichL The mail guard at the Burra says there have been some fine showers in the North. Showers are also reported in North-East but 1 can not learn that the recent rains have been general or extended far; I fear not" Dr. TODMAN.-The Southern Argus lately had the following reference to this gentleman's de parture from Pott Elliot:-"Dr. Todman, after a residence of four years at Port Elliot, is about to leave that district for Port Adelaide, where he will KSQDM) his former practice, which was one of considerable extent In Dr. Todman's absence a skilful surgeon and an able medical adviser will be missed from the district A large number of the inhabitants bear ample testimony, on the occasion Of his departure, in a flattering and well-signed testimonial, to bis value to the district In his pro fessional capacity. Dr. Todman held the appoint ment of surgeon to the A TrOop of the Duke of Edinburgh's regiment of Light Dragoons. His practice has been characterized by much success, and those who have had the advantage of his attendance in difficult cases will more especially regret his departure from the Sooth. Declining any more public recognition than the memorial, the doctor privately repairs to his new field of practice, with the warm regrets of a large portion fhf ymnminlty 11 SSOTH AuswsnaiT CKICK*T OTOB. -W« under stand that His Excellency Sir James Fergusson fcas consented to become Patron of this dub, apd has forwarded to the Secretary a haadsome sub scription to tbe funds. I POOKA Mnra-Captain John Grey "reports ander I date of October 8:-"On Wednesday night about 110 o'clock we struck ore in tbe end west of No. 1 Shaft at the 30 level, so I was underground yester day all-day, trying to satisfy myseif as to what it was likely to be. The ead looked well, when I came up, but this morning it .did not look so well. I broke about 5 cwL of beautiful yellow ore, coated Mack, from 25 to 30 per-cent. Nothing like it was ever seen before in the Poona. My firm opinion is that we are not far from a bunch of ore. The end is looking very promising, and a little water is oozing from the Jode, which speaks well. At this point the east end is without any change since I last wrote. In the crosscut the ground is very favourable for driving; four men will be able to drive five feet .per week if it does not get any harder than at present." IBISH H*RP -We are desired to invite attention to the notice in our business columns of the for mation of the Catholic Newspaper and Printing Company, Limited. It is there stated that con siderable changes have taken place in the manage ment of the Irish Harp. Mr. B. Hoare, the author of "The Maori," "Figures of Fancy," "The Protectionist Sons," &c; . and who for a short time lately conducted the Gawier Bwiyip, has been appointed the Editor and Manager. THE CUSTOMS SEIZUB.ES.-The result of the Treasurer's reconsideration -of Mr. Woodman's case, is that he has allowed the importer to take the three harmoniums referred to in bis; invoice, but the remaining sis of tbe shipment, of which he, of course, knew nothing, have been forfeited and sold by auction. The goods seized in re Neresheimer have also been brought to the hammer. THE INTERCOLONIAL CQNFEBENCE. -A commu nication has been received from New South Wales with regard ta the proposed Intercolonial Con ference. No day appears as yet to have been abso lutely fixed for commencing proceedings, and an inclination is evinced, if possible, to meet the con veniecce of South Australia. SOUTH AOSTBAIX&IT; INSTITUTE.-The annual meeting of subscribers to the South Australian Institute was held in cne of the upstairs rooms at the Institute on Monday evening, October 1L. There were about 29 present, and the Rev. Canon Farr presided. The annual report, printed copies of which members could obtain on application, was taken as read and adopted. It was proposed that at the monthly lectures the public should in future be admitted free in order to attract larger audiences than have generally attended, but after some dis cussion the motion was lost. It was resolved that on public holidays the Institute should be closed at 6 p.m., and that in future the Library Bhould be opened at 11 a.m. instead of 12, and close at 9 p.m. A meeting of subscribers to the Library was after wards held, at which Mr. J. Howard Clark was elected a Governor in place of Mr. C. Todd, who retired, and Mr. L. Glyde, M.P., was re-elected. PORT AUGUSTA KEGATTA.-Saturday was a great day at Fort Augusta on account of the regatta, and the bunting with which the ships in harbour was dressed was the most extensive display ever seen there, aud made the place look remarkably well. The first event was a foux-oased race for youths. Four ships' boats started and one port boat; but the lads belonging to the ships stood no chance at all with the local lads, who came in easy winners. The next was a dingy or pair-oared race, when four started, and King won. A four-oared race (gigs) followed, open to all comers, and eight boats enterea-one from each vessel lying m the bay and two belonging to the port; but although there were sGme first-class oarsmen from the ships, the Port Augustcnians were again victors by several lengths. A protest was entered for second place, which will probably be pulled for again. The last was the most laughable event, as it was walking a greasy spai rigged out from a barge, for a purse at the end containing 30s. There were numerous attempts before the prizs could be secuied, and great fun was caused by the way in which thecom petitors kept tumbling overboard and the different 1 postures assuiued; but the prize was secuied at last by a young coloured "gemman"' belonging to the AJcbjmist, who, after making two attempts, grabbed it at the third trial. There was a duck hunt; but the duck not adhering to the rules of keeping out in open water, the ship's gig in chase gave it up. A pleasant afternoon was thus spent, all being highly delighted, as it is not often such, a treat occurs at outports. DRAINAGE WORKS.-The present Cessation of Mount Muirhead Drainage Works and thedulness on farms have caused the influx into Mount Gambier of a large number of unemployed labourers. VEGETABLE GROWTH.-AS the season for vege table monstrosities is now advancing, the Mount Gambier Standard is early in the field with the following:-"Mr. W. Lay wood, of Sutton Town, Jias shown us an enormous broccoli grown by him, j and weighing 33 lbs. The stem of this vegetable monster measured 10} inches in circumference.'' GBOG SELLING ON RUNS.-On Saturday, October 9-before Messrs. John P. Buttfield, S.M., John B. Jones, J.P., and B. G. Lawrance, J. P. Andrew Clairstrorn, a hawker, was charged by Police-trooper Gregory with illegally carrying about and exposing for sale spirituous liquors. William Gregory, police-trooper, deposed-On the 7th went out towards Angorichina looking for a 6tray horse, iiaw defendant in a hawker's cart, which had his name on it, with the number 85. Told defendant I should search the cart to see if he had any grog. Found 11 bottles full, I sup posed, of spirits. Opened one bottle, and tasted it. Smelt another. Th'ey contained gin. All 1 saw were labelled and capsuled. There were also several straw envelopes. Told defendant 1 should seize his horse, cart, and grog under the Licensed Victuallers Act of 1SGJ. Brought the whole to the station, and have kept it since. A quantity of drapery and small goods 1 did not seize. Produce a paper (given me by defendant, purporting to be a copy of transactions during the day. Daniel Murray, woodcutter, living one mile east of Ango richiiia Creek, deposed-Saw defendant two nights ago at my tent with a hawker's cart. He sold me several things. By the Bench-They were goods, and then defendant brought in some gin. Don't know if the bottle was full. Next day 1 got two bottles of.gin from him. Did not pay for it. It may be charged iu the bill produced. Understand I have to pay for it. Asked for two bottles, and thought it might be a set-off for accommodation received in my hut. The defendant declined to ask any questions, stating he was too unwell from severe headache to attempt a defence. The Ma gistrates considered the charge proved, and inflicted a fine of £20 and costs. feTnu WESTERN DISTRICT.-Port Lincoln letters speak of showers which have greatly lefreshed crops and herbage; but at Streaky Bay the rans are very dry and bare of feed, while water for house hold and station purposes is becoming scarce. SCAB IN SHEEP.-It was lately stated by a Vic torian leading paper that there are half a million of known or suspected scabby sheep in Victoria, chiefly in Seymour and Kilmore districts. The fines levied in that province during 1868 amounted to £3,454, but only the sum of £783 was paid, the remainder having been remitted. NAVIGATION OF THE COORONG.-We hear on good authority that the Government have given instructions for a survey of the Coorong. with a view to making it available for navigation by steamboats of shallow draught. The importance of this step as connecting the South-East more closely with the metropolis can scarcely be over estimated. Should it be carried into practical effect, the journey from Adelaide to Mount Gambier will partake more of the nature of a pleasure excursion than anything else, and that which is at present impossible to ladies may be undertaken by them with ease. The worst portion of the journey, from Wood's Wells to .Narra coorte, in tbe mail-coach, could be overcome in a day's travelling, and all other portions ef the route would be a mere bagatelle. A trip from Goolwa to Wood's Wells across the Lakes and down the Coorong would be absolutely delightful during the heat of summer.-Mount Gambier Standard, PROPOSED NEW HARBOUR.-We understand an offer has been sent in to the Government by Messrs. Alfred Watts and Percy Wells, to construct a jetty and breakwater between the outer bar and the present Semaphore jetty, which will afford ac commodation for the loading and discharge of ships up to 2,000 or 3,000 tons. The spot is a little over a mile from the Semaphore Jetty, being within a mile and a half of the Port Bridge, and they undertake to continue the railway from the Port Station, erecting a new bridge over the stream, with provision for horse and passenger traffic-as well as the trains. The jetty would run into 26 feet low water spring tides, and we are informed that, independent of the break water, there is always comparatively smooth water from the protection afforded by the Wonga Shoal on the one side, and a shoal not named in the other direction, _ beyond the Lighthouse^ formerly the Lightship, about a mile from the proposed site. The gentlemen making this offer undertake to provide moorings, and all appliances and facilities for discharging and loading cargo in addition to the works themselves, on con dition of being empowered by Act of Parlia ment to purchase the necessary land for the railway, and allowed to collect the jetty dues, the jetty being licensed as a legal landing place under > the Customs Act. The question of remuneration in connection with the railway would of course be to some extent separate. The whole matter will, we believe, be shortly bronght before Parliament, and a more detailed offer will be submitted, but the main features of the scheme we believe to be those stated above. THE HON. J. H. BABROW'S SFEBCH ON THE PBIBOH BILL.-A misprint occurs In our report of Tuesday's Council proceedings.: The Hon. J. H. Barrow said that there had never been any prose cution nnder tbe Imprint Act, not the "Imperial" Act, as erroaeousljr printed. POSTPONEMENT OF EHGLIBH MAIL.-The Post master-General yesterday received a telegram stating that the S.M.8. Malta did not leave Port Phillip Heads till 8.40 that morning. The closing of the outgoing mail in Adelaide was therefore postponed till 4 p.m. for letters via Southampton, and 5 p.m. via Marseilles. . THE DEAN OF ADELAIDE. - The Be*., 'Canoe Bussell has accepted the office of Deaa of Ade laide, which had been vacant since the death of thelateRev. James FarrelL W« believe that m. making this appointment the Lord Bishop will carry with him the very unanimous feeling of the members of the Church of England in the colony. TULIPS AND ANEMONES.-1There is to be seen at Mr. E. B. fLeyne'sshop, Bundle- street, a very fine and varied collection of tulips and anenomes (cut. flowers) from Ballarat. They were brought over by Mr. Heyne the last trip of the Coorong. LONDON AST UNION.-We understand that the engravings for the subscribers to the London Art Union for last year have been received ex Ibarra, and will be ready for distribution immediately? ACCIDENT.-On Monday, October 11, an acci dent happened to Frederick Wilson, aged 15 years, in the employ of S. Kither & Son, butchers, of Bundle-street. The lad was riding with Mr. W, Kither in the neighbourhood of Dry Creek at about 1 o'clock in tbe afternoon, when his horse stumbled over a rail that was lying on the ground and rolled with its rider. The lad's right thigh was broken, and one of his wrists dislocated by the fall. Mr. Either straightened the injured arm and conveyed the sufferer to town by rail, and then to the Hospital, where the leg was set. On enquiry at the Hospital in the evening, we learned that the boy was suffering tery great pain. EL F. A. KRUGEB.-The Government have declined to accede to the request to allow H. F. A. Kruger to serve out his sentence in the Adelaide Gaol. FIVE-OUNCE NUGGET.-It will be remembered that the gold obtained hitherto at Barossa diggings although considerable in the aggregate quantity, has been fine or shotty, no lumps of any great consequence having come to light. The largest nuegec yet found has just been obtained by Trigger and party, Victoria Hili. It is embedded in a piece of cement, weighing altogether a little over seven ounces, the gold being supposed to weigh about 5b ounces. The discoverers have been offered £4 per ounce for it as a specimen. MONUMENT TO THE LATE SIB DOMTNIOK DALY. -On Saturday afternoon, October 9, we had an opportunity of inspecting, at Mr. Prosser's pre mises, Gouger-street, a handsome monument which is shortly to be erected over the grave of the late Sir Dominick Daly. The design is gotliic, ' and the memorial consists of a plain cross fixed in a stone pedestal, resting on blocks of stone, to be surrounded by an elegant iron railing. The monu ment will stand about 11 feet from the ground. The inscription will record the name, age, and date of death of the deceased. The monument, which has been in progress for some months, will soon be completed, and will be placed over the resting-place of the late Governor at the cost of the members of his family. Ma. B. D. Boss's EXPENSES.-We see from despatches just published that the whole of Mr. Ross's expenses from Galle to Simla and thence to Bombay amount to 2,030 rupees. POUT WAKEFIELD RAILWAY CONTRACTS.-A return just laid before the House of Assembly shows that up to date £47,845 6s. has been ex pended on the Port Wakefield Kailway in pay ment of money due upon 43 different contracts. Dunn's Bridge to August 31 cost £1,422 19s. lOd. POET AUGUSTA WATEBWOBKS. - A return, printed by order ot the House of Assembly, shows that the Port Augusta Waterworks were com menced in January, 1861; that the water supply began in November. lSt-5; that the works were finally completed in December, 1867. The total cost of construction and engineering was £27,059. The amount of revenue for tlie four years was as follows: 1865-6, £514 5s. Id.; 1867, £771 13s. lid.; 1858, £722 17s. 3<i.; 18( 9, up to August 31, £'!08 lis. 9d. \- total, £2,617 8s. The salaries for 1868 totalled £381 15s.: 1869, £375 6;,; maintenance and materials, 1868, £179 16s. 6d.: 186', £259 7s.2d.; expenditure on tanks (weirs), 1883-9, £841 16s.; do. new dam, £311 13s. 3d.-total outlay, £29,409 16s. 2d. THE PBOVINCIAL GAS COMPANY.-We are in formed that by the outgoing English mail orders have been sent by the Directors of the Provincial Gas Company for the principal part of the plant required for the supply of the City of Adelaide with gas. and that orders for the remainder of the plant will follow by an early mail. Positive engage ments have been entered into for the completion of the undertaking within 18 months, and no time is to be lost in getting the necessary authority for pro ceeding with the works in the city. The gasometers, in all probability, are to be erected on land adjoin ing the Hilton-ruad, to the westward of the Park Lands. MOUNT SCHAXCK ESTATE.-Referring to the leasing by Captain Gardiner, the Standard, states that 20,000 acres of this estate, including the land between the head station and O.B. Flat, have been let, without exception, to Mount Gambier farmers, at yearly rentals varying from 5s. to 10s. per acre, according to quality. This is confined to that por tion of the estate lying to the east of MacDonnell Bay-road. Applications for land are still pouring in, and it is anticipated that a large portion will be let on the western side of that road. The result of the disposal of such an immense quantity of land ; in that locality cannot fail to be a large increase of ' the trade of MacDonnell Bay, and a commensurate strengthening of the interests of this important istrict. VITAL STATISTICS.-The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide, I during the week ended Saturday, October 9, I were:-Births, 29 males, 20 females; deaths. 11 I males, 8 females-total, 49 b.rthe, 19 deaths. Excess of births, 30. TESTIMONIAL TO CAPTAIN GBAINGEB. - We noticed a few days since that it had been decided by the subscribers to the Grainger Testimonial I Fund that the testimonial should consist of a purse I of sovereigns; and Captain Grainger having arrived j in command of the Alexandra, he was invited on.1 Tuesday afternoon to attend a meeting of sub- I Bcribers, held at Messrs. J. Newman & Son'6 warehouse. Port Adelaide, for the purpose of accepting the present. At the time appointed the following geut.lemen were present:-Messrs. J. Newman, G. W. Hawkes, S.ftl., J. M. Sinclair, tL D. Dale, H. D. Cruttenden, D. W. Scott, J. Little, H. (J. 13. Muecke. J. S. Anthony, Bartleet. 11. D. O'Halloran, Sykes, J. E. D mpster. J. Mitchell, Dr. Tod man, and others. Mr. J. Newman, ad dressing Captain Grainger, said he had been deputed, in the absence of the respected President of the Marine Board (Captain Ferguson), to expiess the deep sense of his ability as a commander which was entertained by the sub scribers to the testimonial, and more particu larly of the manner in which he handled the steamer Balclutha on the occasion cf her late accident. The energy, skill, and noble-minded ness which he had exhibited on that occasion had called forth the eulogy of Her Majesty's represen tative, as well as of the Government, the Press, and the public generally, (dear, hear,) Governor Weld, of Western Australia, as well as Mrs. Weld and their suite, who were passengers by the Bal clutha, had expressed themselves in the highest terms of the character of Captain Grainger as a gentleman and as a skilful seaman, and he believed it was his coolness in the time of danger that had been the means of saving many valuable lives. His conduct had also been recognised in a substantial manner by the owners. He felt sure that a man whose courage could carry him through such diffi culties must have the highest veneration for and dependence upon God, and it was that which enabled him to gain the confidence of his crew in the hour of need. Mr. Newman then handed a purse chaining ,89 sovereigns to Capt Grainger, requesting his acceptance of it as a mark of their good wishes towards him. He remarked that it con taiced a few coins, each of which bore the head of royalty, and if each could speak it would do honour to noble Captain Grainger. (Applause.) Captain Grainger said he felt scarcely able to acknowledge the kindness which had been shown him. He was sincerely obliged to them for their good opinion, and trusted he might always enjoy it. Asregarded the present, ho should certainly devote it to the purchase of some suitable memento of the occasion, Cheers for Captain Grainger and Mr. Newman concluded the proceedings. THE ADELAIDE BELLEDTGEES.-An entertain ment was given in aid of a peal cf bells, under the patronage of Ilia Worship the Mayor, in White's Boom, on Tuesday evening, Octoter 12. by the Adelaide Bellringers, assisted by the Franklin Btreet Musical and Literary Society (Methodist New Connexion Church), and several lady and gentleman amateurs. There was but a moderate attendance. The programme had been arranged on the principle that variety is charming, and : comprised numerous campanologiau performances, vocal selections (solos, duets, and choruses), reci tations, &c.; The comparative smallness of the attendance had, as might be expected, a de terring effect upon the performers, who, however, bravely contended against the evil, and succeeded _ eventually in infusing some thing like spirit into the -proceedings, and making the audience somewhat more appreciative. The "Humanoctave," which, by-the-way, consisted of but seven bellringers, acquitted themselves very creditably when it is considered that they only presenteithemselvea before the public as amateurs. The vocalists gave a number of excellent pieces. The gem of the evening was decidedly the duet "List to the Convent Bells." in which the rich contralto of one lady harmonized beautifully with the pure soprano of her companion. The former lady likewise gave a solo, which, like the preceding one, was encored. A gentleman amateur also earned an encore by his humorous rendering of the comic song "The Bagged Coat" and in response to the redemand gave an original frag-' ment. The proceedings closed at about half-past 10 o'clock with the National Anthem. PBICES OF GAS.-On July 1. 1869, the price of gas to meter-consumers in Sydney was reduced from 10s. to 8s. 6d. per thousand feet. The Austra lian Gaslight Company, which supplies that city, also lends meters free of charge. MUNICIPAL.-The annual municipal elections are approaching; and some signs of activity on the part of the ratepayers are already manifesting themselves. A requisition to Mr. J. M. Kntnmnn 1 .to allow himself to be nominated as Mayor is being signed, and amongst.possible candidates the names of the present occupant of the office and of Mr. C. S. Hare are mentioned. FENIANS. - It is .stated that a few of the pardoned men have Intimated an intention of settling in Sydney if permitted to do so, whilst others will proceed to America and Ireland. Xbe total amount subscribed In the colonies for the benefit of the men is aaid to be about £1500. 