MY VELOCIPEDE. MR. CHARLES DICKENS has told us in the instructive "Fly-leaf in a life," quoted in a recent number of the Daily News, that he is accustomed to observe himself as curiously as if he were another man. I have shared this habit during the last few weeks, and with good reason, for I have practised on the bicycle, in direct opposition to the advice of friends, and out of pure love of my own way, I have been thus fighting, not merely for my own hand, like Hal o' the Wynd, but for my own legs, my own muscles, my own strength, my own faith in myself. If velocipeding did me harm, or if I failed in mastering its mysteries, then every- body was right. If I injured myself, if I tumbled much and heavily, if I finally gave up the fantastic wheel as unsuited to my time of life, then everybody was right again. To push along the highway swiftly and surely was not for me. It was not merely that I was too old, I was also too heavy, too tall, too clumsy, and too fat. Standing six feet in my stockings, weighing fifteen stone, and being no longer young, were all quoted as points in my disfavour. No ma- chine would bear me, no wheels but would form arti- ficial ruts under my heaviness--and I was in turn affectionately, derisively, solemnly, and dogmatically adjured not to give way to what was, after all, only a whim of the hour, but to content myself with walking or horse exercise, as most rational people had done before me. In vain I argued that it could do no harm to try ; that the bicycle was warmly recommended by those using it, and that it would be at least satisfac- tory to know what the movement was like. My friends made quite a personal matter of it, eyed me all over slowly and contemptuously, and prophesied the most terrible physical penalties if I persevered. It was, therefore, with a full conviction that I was running counter to the common sense of mankind that I betook myself to the Velocipede Riding School in Old-street, St. Luke's, soon after a description of the proceedings there appeared in the Daily News, and it was with the same conviction that I kept a minute record of my sensations on the bicycle from the commencement until now. "Now," means six miles an hour on a level road, without much fatigue, and with pleasurable feelings that no other kind of locomotion gives. Neither weight, nor height, nor age have proved appreciable drawbacks ; my friends were all not only wrong, but wildly wrong, and I was right to an extent which makes me chuckle every time I rattle along the road. All honour to " Jem," my tutor ! His was the stal- wart arm, the cheering word, the friendly guidance which lightened the first and most laborious of my lessons, on the 17th of April last; and which conducted me through all my early trials. Jem's patient cheeri- ness was amazing. He used to walk round and round the school, holding me on the machine with one hand, and guiding it with the other, until the perspiration rolled from him in plenteous rivulets, and until I, the passive sitter, had to cry out that I was tired, " Doing beautiful you are this morning, sir; really beautiful, upon my word. Almost alone at that corner you were, and never flinched. Ah, you'll make a first- rate rider, you will, and you're all the better for not being in a hurry to learn too much at first." This last compliment always struck me as exquisitely diplo- matic, for it turned apprehension into complacency, and made a merit of slowness. But Jem was inex- haustible in his encouragements, saying another day, "Going better! I should just think you were, sir, and I'll tell you how I reckon it. You only make me comfortably warm with holding you now, instead of putting me in a lather as you did at first." My diary gives "slight aching in the hips and thighs, small blisters on the hands, and a general feeling of stiffness, as if out-of-the- way muscles were rebelling at being employed," as the result of the first day's trial. The pains and stiffness increased by the third day, and I began to wonder rather nervously whether the prophets of evil were right ; and here again Jem was invaluable, proving conclusively that the only thing to do now was to go on, and that everybody feels these precise sensations when they begin, and loses them as a matter of course. My lessons seldom lasted more than half an hour, and consisted in the outset of learning the balance--that is, how to sit on the bicycle to as to keep it upright, and to thus give it a power it does not possess of itself. This seemed an astounding operation at first. When I held the queer thing in my own hands and felt it would drop the instant I let go--and when I considered that I was to acquire the apparently acrobatic feat of keeping it upright and straight--I who had not gone through the faintest imitation of gymnastics for twenty years, my heart sunk within me, and I almost despaired. But I laughed at my own misgivings in less than a week after they were formed, and my course has been one of steady and rapid progress since. Nothing came of the aches, save some laughter at my own credulous apprehensions. The art of balancing comes suddenly, and like a sixth sense. You try hard for it for a few times with no perceptible result; for your very labori- ousness seems against you. Then you find yourself, almost without warning, endowed with the power you covet, and that you can and do guide and propel with- out looking at the moveable wheel in front, and with- out distinct volition. There is nothing more curious in velocipede practice than the suddenness of the change from absolute helplessness to comparative skill. This transition comes to all ; its arrival is a mere ques- tion of time and patience. No one need despair, no one need feel diffidence or fear. It was just before this gift came to me that I was so fortunate as to attract the attention of another visitor to the riding school, one of the amateurs who made the now celebrated journey to Brighton, and it is to the judicious instruction and unfailing skill of this gentleman that I attribute such facility as I have acquired. The faithful Jem had grounded me in the rudiments ; the good friend who took me in hand now added a thousand careful and well considered hints, and what was better still, aided precept by example. And there is much to learn in velocipeding besides the art of sticking on, and keeping up a good pace. How to point the toes? how to press the treadles so as to exercise the maximum of power ; how to seat myself ; how to poise the body and hold the elbows and head ; how to guard against over fatigue ; how to treat the velocipede " classically," were all told wiih the intel- ligent force which belongs to scientific knowledge when combined with practical skill. I had several lessons from this distinguished amateur, who devoted himself to my improvement with a kindness and energy I can never forget ; and the end was that on the 7th of May, or twenty-one days after I began, I had the happiness of hearing myself envied by a stout clergy- man, who remarked kindly in my hearing, that " if he ever went as well as that fat gentleman (confound him, he was twice my size) with the bald head he should be perfectly satisfied." The speaker was only one of the many professional men of every degree whom I saw disporting themselves on two wheels at Old-street. The artist, whose thoughtful picture is one of the glories of this year's Exhibition, and who made his first essay on the bicycle here; the popular West-end physician, whose brougham was always in waiting, and who doffed " the customary suit of solemn black" for a shell jacket of flannel before careering round ; the offi- cers from well-known regiments, who learnt the art so rapidly ; the steeple-chasing baronet, who insisted on there being " a great difference in the way of tumb- ling," and that his being ready to "take anything with a fall" in the hunting field, was a habit of infinite service to him on the velocipede ; the short-sighted German student-looking young man from the City, who banged himself about, and banged other people about, and broke velocipedes, and ran into walls, and was a constant source of dread and danger ; the ama- teurs from the German Gymnasium (where, by the way, an exellent velocipede club has just been formed) who learnt the whole business as it seemed intuitively, so rapid were they--are all people whose acquaint- anceship I made on wheels. At length the eventful day for my first effort out of doors arrived. My velocipede was brought down tenderly by railway, and pushed past my neighbour's doors shamefacedly, for I scarcely knew what kind of figure I should cut, and I dreaded ridicule. I live on a suburban hill, and chose its sloping roadway for my first trial, my kind amateur friend and instructor coming with me, and I in no little trepidation for the result. This was on the 10th of the present month, and though it would be absurd to say I felt no difference between the smooth boards of the riding school and the friction of the road, I can conscientiously say I have never looked behind me since. I go long dis- tances, I turn sharp corners, I struggle up moderate hills, I glide with modest pride past the windows of my critically curious friends. The triumph is complete. I claim to be one of the heaviest and biggest velocipede riders in the country, and I have learnt its use suffici- ently well to travel alone, without difficulty, or achings, or fatigue, to the complete confusion of many esti- mable censors. I improve, moreover, each time I go out. The chaff of the road is considerable, but I have yet to learn that there is anything really ridiculous in an easy, pleasurable, and healthy form of exercise, which has the remarkable effect of seeming to add to your personal powers. The bicycle stands alone in this particular at least ; and if example would remove doubts from the minds of those hesitating whether to begin or not, I invite them to look out for a brown- wheeled velocipede and a stout rider on the road to and from Epsom to-morrow.--Daily News, May 25. THE PALESTINE EXPLORATION FUND.--Yesterday an exhibition which cannot fail to possess an interest as general as its contents are instructive, was opened at the Dudley Gallery, Egyptian Hall. The articles constituting the display are for the most part the result of the excavations made by Lieutenant Warren in the East, under the auspices and direction of the Palestine Exploration Fund, The collection contains four cases of ancient pottery, one case of jewellery one of glass, and t two or three others which may be described as miscellaneous. Some of the specimens of pottery are in an extraordinarily good state of pre- servation, both as regards their aspects and integrity. The patterns of some of the vases are surprisingly similar to those of the common earthenware teapots which are used at the present day. The specimens exhibited, which have been dug up tin the vicinity of Mount Olivet, Mount Sion, Ophel, Robinson's Arch, under the Tyropean Valley, and in the rock-cut passage of the Virgin's Foun- tain, are both plain and glazed. Some of the little lamps, which occupy the greater part of one case, are like those in which oil is burnt in our own day. The collection of jewellery comprises a horn, ostensibly silver, worn by Druse women, an inkstand and reeds for pens, and also by an arrange- ment which is more suggestive than distinctive, a Samaritan service book. To carvings from Jericho and catapult balls from Jerusalem a separate table is devoted. Some fragments of charred cedar from Jerusalem, the carving of which is considered very valuable in an artistic sense, form conspicuous objects of interest to the visitors generally, while the politician of the period will find his biblical knowledge revived by contemplating relics which at one time had their local habitation in the Cave of Adullam. Mosaics from Sharon and portions of a tesselated pavement do not afford any high degree of in- terest in an aesthetic sense. Among the articles in the case appropriated to glass are some curious tear bottles, which, we are informed, were used, as their name indicates, by probably the upper classes of Jeru- salem when they thought fit to indulge in weeping. We say indulge, for the little bottles do not certainly suggest any striking association of grief. Of all the groups of articles in the display, the greatest interest of the greatest number will be directed to that in which the canoe stores employed by " Rob Roy", during his recent voyage in the East are included. In it are his medicine chest, his toilet implements, a spirit lamp, and some bread and biscuit, which are described as " unconsumed stores " of various explo- ring expeditions. In juxtaposition with these are a pelican shot by the enterprising oarsman, and several other souvenirs of his last eventful visit to the East ; a crab from the sea of Galilee, Dead Sea apples, roses from Jericho, a little pyx of mamma, fragments of rocks and acacia wood from Mount Sinai, and a specimen of fish-skin, supposed to be identical with the badgers' skin with which the tabernacle was covered, consti- stitute, as may be readily understood, a very miscel- laneous group of curiosities, which recall some of the most remarkable associations connected with the history of Palestine. The names and positions of the places whence the articles have been dug out are made intelligible to the uninitiated by a large model and plan of Jerusalem, lent to the committee by Colonel Sir H. James, R.E., F.R.S., Director-General of the Ordnance Survey. No catalogue of the exhibition has yet been published, but descriptions from the pen of Mr. George Grove, the assiduous hon. secretary, have been placed over most of the articles for the instruction of the visitors.--Times, June 14. MARRIED BY MISTAKE,--The Northern Whig says :-On Saturday last a marriage ceremony, at- tended with very unusual circumstances, took place in a little town not twenty miles from Belfast. A youthful couple in humble circumstances --a Mr. Y. and a Miss H.--had made arrangements for becoming man and wife, and duly presented themselves before the curate to have the nuptial knot fastened. The parties, before facing such a serious ceremony, had taken the " least taste " of something to " keep their courage cheery," but nothing more, and when they presented themselves before the curate (who is a stranger), the bridegroom, either through ignorance or modesty, or, perhaps, a mixture of both kept rather a retiring position in the group ; and his best man-- Mr. P., a fine, strapping, well-looking young fellow \--had to encourage him to stand forward. The in- tended bridegroom's modesty, however, still held him back, and he motioned to his best man to see to the matter being duly got through. The curate ob- serving this movement, and misapprehending it, desired the person mentioned to stand forward, and repeat after him. Mr. P. rather demurred to this appeal, but the curate went on to say, " Repeat after me, ' I, James, do take thee,' " &c.;, and, strange as the statement may appear, the young man was to dumb founded that he did actually repeat the form of words after the curate, performed the ceremony of putting on the ring, &c.;, while the bride repeated after the curate as desired, until the ceremony was concluded ! The astonishment of most of those present, as may be imagined, was great ; but none seemed able or willing to interfere. Some of them regarded it as " a shine," which could be rectified afterwards ; but others, and among the rest, Mr. P., began to think it might prove a rather serious and unpleasant matter. The best man, however, with all due disinterestedness, at the close at once gave up the bride to the intended bridegroom. So matters re- mained till Monday morning, when the parties most interested had a meeting with a view to having the matter set to rights, it soon appeared, however, that more serious difficulties than they apprehended stood in the way of this, and that in order to effect the end desired, a visit to the Divorce Court, or even an Act of Parliament' may be necessary. THE SPIRITUALISTIC IMPOSTURE,--The spirits have been making a mild stir of late, in consequence of a quasi scientific Commission having sat upon their reve- lations. The literature of the people who believe in raps has been strengthened by a new series of a journal called the Daybreak, devoted to " natural theology, religious progress, and spiritual develop- ment." This organ records the goings-on in various circles, including those of " children's gardens in the spirit land." We are told of an Iddian ghost that played the tom-tom beautifully, and of another phan- tom conversing with a gentleman by means of his walking-stick, and thus chatting with him pleasantly during a long railway ride. The correspondent who communicates the details of the children's paradise is rather incoherent and misty in style ; but then he himself admits that this is entirely due to his sources of inspiration. "Sentences," he says, "are con- tinually finished differently from what I expected from the beginning of them." Phrenology appears to go hand in hand with the philosophy of table-turning, and on the back cf Daybreak there is a striking illus- tration of what are known as our " organs," in each of which a scene is represented more or less descriptive of " Inhabitiveness," " Alimentiveness," &e.; We may well, indeed, ask where the schoolmaster is, when those gobemouche broadsheets are bought and read. It is silly enough for Betsy Jane to pay a wise- woman to tell her fortune, and the law so far takes care of a fool as to lock up the wise woman, on disco- very, for obtaining wages under false pretences ; but other people may indulge in the most unlimited su- perstition by simply attending the séances and reading tke pamphlets of the gentry who can stir up Shake- speare, Milton, or Benjamin Franklin at will, and who in the course of trade ate shockingly blasphemous. It would not be worth while, nor would it be sound policy, to take very serious note of the " spirit circles," but when we are shocked at the fining of some ragged impostor for prophecy, we might remem- ber the periodicals and the entertainments provided for the respectable noodles who put their faith in haunted walking sticks and waltzing sideboards.-- Daily News. 