WHAT HIS MASTERS THINK OF MR. REVERDY JOHNSON. Almost throughout the United States Mr. Reverdy Johnson is now being denounced as a traitor to his country, as a cringing sneak, and so on, and so on. Even the New York Tribune, edited by that old friend of peace, Horace Greeley, says : " Our simple belief is that Mr. Johnson, by this very act, so smooth and specious upon the surface, has really done more to intensify the anti-British feeling in America than he could have done if he had journeyed from our Dan to our Beersheba preaching a crusade against perfidious Albion." It stigmatizes the proposals agreed to as " submission to swindling," and " egregious wrong," and it adds " that we shall feel, as long as he (Mr. Johnson) remains at the Court of England, this nation is not represented there, but disgraced." This is the sort of language held all through the Union. Some say that Mr. Johnson must be recalled ; others that the American Secretary of State — Mr. Seward — is disgusted with him. The reason of all this is thus stated by an American :— " The new Convention provides that the pre- liminary question of liability shall be referred to arbitration. Mr. Seward originally proposed arbitration to the Russell Government ; it was rejected. When Lord Stanley come into the Foreign Office he reopened negotiations with a profession of his readiness to accede to Mr. Seward's proposal. The American Secretary re- plied :— ' No, that was not a continuing offer, and has once been refused ; but I will still agree to arbitrate if you will include the question of premature recognition of the Confederacy as well as the Alabama liability.' This Lord Stanley in turn rejected, and matters stood at that point when the Alabama debate was brought on by Mr. Shaw Lefevre in the House of Commons, March 6 of this year. I think it was well understood, then, that Mr. Seward had qualified his proposal for arbitration in obedience to the popular demand in America that the principle of liability should be conceded outright by the English Government. It is plain, at any rate, that Lord Stanley's mind had arrived at the conclusion that arbitration on the main question was a mere formality. Undoubtedly Lord Stanley as a diplomatist is to be complimented upon the cleverness with which he has induced the American Minister to consent to accept arbitra- tion on the question of liability, which Lord Stanley had himself six months before practi- cally surrendered. Why Mr. Johnson should plume himself upon a negotiation, every step of which on his part has been a concession is more difficult to understand. But, in reality, neither Lord Stanley nor Mr. Johnson has any cause for rejoicing, since this is the very point upon which the Convention is likely to go to pieces. Whatever Lord Stanley mostly the declaration I have quoted, it was accepted by the American people as an admission that could not afterwards be withdrawn. You can readily understand that they will not be swift to welcome a Conven- tion which re- opens the main question. They will readily submit the proof of individual claims to a mixed Commission ; but on the ques- tion of the liability of England to pay for the damages the Alabama may be proved to have caused, I believe they will insist that the infor- mal acknowledgment of Lord Stanley shall be officially recorded in a State paper or despatch." NEW ROUTE.— The news of the last battle in South America first reached the northern part of the same continent by telegraph from Eng- land. The New York papers published it with the heading, " Important from South America — Rio Janeiro, October 10, am London, No- vember 5. THE FREE CHURCH OF SCOTLAND.— The Free Church Presbytery of Glasgow have just been engaged in discussing a case of heresy which has for several months past been attracting much attention in Scotland. The Rev. W. C. Smith, of Tron Free Church, Glasgow, having preached two sermons which gave offence to certain members of his congregation, the matter came to the ears of members of Presbytery, and was by them talked over in private conference. Hearing of this Mr. Smith himself introduced the subject at a public meet- ing of the Presbytery, and offered to submit the sermons to the judgment of his brethren. The sermons were accordingly printed and placed in the hands of the Presbytery, together with an explanatory statement, and on the 22nd of May last the reverend Court pronounced that Mr. Smith's teaching was at variance with that of Scripture, and with the views set forth in the Confession of Faith in regard to the moral law and the relation of the Old Testament to the New. A subsequent explanation by Mr. Smith was considered to leave the matter pretty much where it formerly stood, and at a meeting of Presbytery on the 12th of September the rev. gentleman was called on to give a distinct answer to the following questions :— " 1. Do the Ten Commandments as given from Sinai, and summed up in the two great precepts — perfect love to God, and brotherly love to man — contain a revelation of the law of God binding on Chris- tians, and one that is comprehensive of all moral duty ? 2. Are the Scriptures of the Old Testament, with the requisite allowance for what is stated in the confession as to ceremonial and judicial statutes, still an authority in themselves for the establishment of doctrine and the incul- cation of moral duty, irrespective of any fresh sanction or enforcement of them in the New Testament Scripture ?" To these questions Mr. Smith replied in an elaborate paper, which, however, at a meeting of Presbytery on the 3rd of October was declared to be unsatisfactory. Under these circumstances a committee was ap- pointed to consider what measures appeared to be called for in connexion with the case. The committee in due time produced a lengthy re- port recommending that Mr. Smith be called on to retract such statements as the following, which were held to be the purport of his ser- mons:— "That the Decalogue is not the moral lsw, and that they are 'under a sheer mistake who' who 'confound the moral law and the Deca- logue as if these were identical ;' that the whole Old Testament law, 'moral, ceremonial, and ju- dicial,' has been in all its parts equally fulfilled by Christ, and has thereby been for ever an- nulled,' 'superseded,' and ' abrogated ;' that the moral law of the Old Testament, 'though perfect in itself as being without mistake, cer- tainly was not the perfect moral law ; that it was reserved for Jesus to reveal ; that 'the New Testament economy is so far in advance of the Old that there is more inwardness, more spirituality, more thoroughness in its morality than there was in the Old ;' that the Old Testa- ment moral law was imperfect in other particu- lars ; on, for instance, that it is the New Testa- ment revelation alone which makes the Sabbath a day of worship, and not merely, as it was under Old Testament law, a day of rest alone ; and that 'through Christ we got a new power for keeping its (the laws) statutes ;' that the Old Testament Scriptures 'are, as legal autho- ritative documents, abrogated and set aside ; that 'the one (Old Testament) is the draught or preparatory will, the other (New Testament) is the perfect and final deed, by which the former is at once thoroughly fulfilled and also for ever annulled.' " The report was discussed at a meeting of Presbytery, which commenced at noon on Monday and lasted till half-past 2 in the following morning. One party was disposed to let the matter drop on the understanding that Mr. Smith disclaimed the views which the Presbytery considered his Sermons to convey, and that he be enjoined to avoid for the future language which experience had proved capable of being misunderstood. On a division, how- ever, a motion for the adoption of the report was carried by 36 votes to 28. The question is to be carried by appeal to the Synod of Glasgow and Ayr. The Siecle says :— "Who would have sub- pected it ? The Pope is a freemason ! Impossible it will be said ; but he really is. In the register of a Sicilian lodge the minute of his initiation has been discovered and behold the fraternity, in order to revenge itself for the ex- communication pronounced against it, publishes the document accompanied by a photograph representing the successor of the Apostle wear- ing the masonic emblems. His Holiness Pius IX. is no other than Brother Jean Mastal Fer- retti. As Pope, he has his eternal safety ; but as a mason, he is condemned to the infernal regions. Poor Pio Nono, what a vexatious ad- venture !" LIFE IN THE SEA.— Two well-known natural- ists, Dr. Carpenter and Professor Thomson, of Belfast, are now engaged in a dredging expedi- tion, to the west of the Faroe Islands. This will decide the question whether there are living creatures in the deepest parts of the sea. Emi- nent authorities (the late Professor Edwin Forbes among others, according to Chambers' Journal) have maintained that the pressure at the lower depths was too great to allow of existence being carried on — that there was not sufficient light — and that the water contained too little air. TREATMENT OF PARROTS. — The best way of teaching a parrot to talk is to send it for a time within hearing of another that can talk. I sent mine, which was only about six months old when I had him, day by day for about six weeks to a neighbor, who had a very fluent talking parrot. They were suspended in adjoining rooms, with the door left open between, so that they could hear without seeing each other. At the end of the time my parrot could say one word, and from that time to this " Polly" has always been learning something new. He can say little things in English, Latin, and Welsh, and his pronunciation is very perfect. To teach a parrot to speak well, take great pains to speak clearly to them, and their good year will give them your exact tone and accent, as their talking is a mimicry of what they hear. If you are not able to send your parrot to one that can talk, diligently repeat one word over to it, as, for in- stance, " Polly," as often as you can, especially at dusk, or in the dark, when its attention can- not be diverted by looking at you. When one word has been acquired, the parrot will learn anything with time and patience, carefully re- peating over and over again what you wish it to learn. With regard to food, my servant gives my parrot his breakfast, dinner, and too. The first and last consist of a piece of toasted bread, or simple bread, well soaked in milk, or milk and water. His dinner consists of a well-boiled mealy potato and a little rice, or any other innocent pudding. The great secret for health is to let your parrot have no more than it can eat at one time, so that what it eats may be fresh and sweet ; therefore the breakfast, dinner, and tea system answers much better than a supply of food left in the cage. A parrot will never be a good talker what is over-fed. I administer a little good, well-ripened fruit now and then, a bit of cake or biscuit, &c.; As a rule, parrots attach themselves to one person only, and to that one they become most gentle and affectionate. I can do anything with my parrot, but he will not allow any other person to play with him. Never allow your parrot to be teased, and win his confidence by uniform kindness and gentleness. If, you can get into his favor suffi- ciently to play with him, were it only the scratching of his head to begin with, you will quite win his heart, but you must be prepared to receive a few inches from his beak at first. Parrots require a washing once a week. My cook uses a good-sized syringe for the purpose. The cargo is taken into the kitchen yard, and she syringes him all over from a two-gallon can full of water till it is emptied. During cold weather the chill is taken off the water by mixing a little hot with it. The parrot seems thoroughly to enjoy the bath, when it is over he is placed at a careful distance from the kitchen fire to dry in winter and in summer he is hung up in a sunny porch to dry. After this bath each week he has a small cupful of hemp seed given him, which is the only occasion he is supplied with any seed whatever. No vessel of water is over left in the cage ; the milky food is generally sufficient. In warm weather he gets a drink of water from a spoon or a butter boat. Never give parrots salted or school food, or anything greasy ; it destroys the plumage, and salted food kills them. — "TERESA," in the Queen. THE VELOCIPEDE. — This invention is sug- gested as a substitute for the horse for the rapid transportation of infantry. Celerity of move- ment is the great desideratum, for it is a maxim - that the strength of on army, like the power in mechanics, is estimated by multiplying the mass by the rapidity. Now, as to comparative speed. Recently, in France, there was a race between a velocipedist and a horseman, for a distance of forty-five miles, which the latter won by only twenty-five minutes, after a run of six hours. It is stated that but for a head wind that blew all the time the machine would have won. An in- strument called a water velocipede has recently been invented. It consists of two or three small boats placed where the wheels are on the land velocipede, and they are propelled by paddle wheels moved by a crank. The explosion of kerosene lamps may almost always be traced to careless arrangement. The oil is suffered to burn down so low that the top of the lamp becomes unduly heated. By this means gas is generated in the lamp, and becomes heated there almost to the point of inflama- bility. In the mean time some air has found its way into this cavity, the oxygen of which unites with the gas, and thus causes the explosion. A partially filled lamp should never be agitated by carrying it around, for the reason we have given above. Nor should such lamps be placed near enough to a move to receive a consider- able amount of radiated heat. It is also dangerous to open a can of oil that has been kept in a warm place, or which has been agitated, as by carrying it for some distance. A Ciiai'tkk ok Accidents. Guns and gunners have been having rather a rough time of it lately. We have already remarked on the burst- ing of a 9 inch " Woolwich" gun at proof. On (he some day, almost at the same moment, and within a few hundred yards of the spot, Lord Spencer met with an accident, owing to the giving way in firing of the breech action of an experimental military breech-loader submitted by Mr. Wilson, of Birmingham. The accident narrowly escaped being a very serious one ; happily, its effects were limited to some slight cuts on Lord Spencer's face and to the destruction of the gun one of those many breech- loaders, by the way, with which an accident is theoretically impossible, us the inventor can alway s prove quite satisfactorily. Then, there has been the terrible accident at Malta, by which seven men lost their lives. In this case the men were engaged in removing " pillar" percussion fuses from seven-inch breech-loading shell. How the explosion was occasioned will, as usual, never be known. Every soul who was present was blown to pieces. But it is possible to conjecture the cause, which we believe to have been the incautious use of 'a hammer. The " pillar" fuse is, in our opinion, a very dangerous one the ful- minate being in dangerous proximity to the top of the fuse. Any blow upon the top, therefore, sufficient to depress or drive it inwards brings it into contact with the fulminate, and fires the fuse. Our conjectures as to the use of a hammer rests upon our knowledge of the construction of the furze and the fact that a hammer was found lying among the debris. And mon striv- ing to loosen a fuse which had become fixed In the fuze solo might easily be betrayed into strik- ing a few blows intended, perhaps, to be only gentle taps. It is unlikely, we believe, that any more picture fuses will ever be manufactured. An accident is also reported from one of the West India Munds, similar to those which occurred in this country not very long ago, when some gunners were blown away from the guns in the act of firing a Bulolo. As a protection against such accidents (in addition to the regulations laid down respecting the rate of firing salutes), of now material called " amounting cloth" is to be used for blank cartridges. The cloth is made entirely of refuse Silk, and possesses the property of not " holding fire" in the way that cargo will occasionally do. Finally, to close this chapter of accidents, An unfortunate gunner has recently lost his arm by the explosion of a cartridge in the act of loading (for blank firing) a 12 pounder breech-loading Armstrong gun. This is the second accident of the sort which has taken place within a comparatively short space of time, and it has led to on order being issued that Armstrong guns are always to be sponged out for the future at practice and exercise Sponging had been discontinued when the present lubricators were introduced for the breach loading guns; but, although the lubricators obviates the necessity for cleaning out the gun, it does not obviate the necessity for Sponging the chamber free from all unconsumed frug montH of cartridges and the blank cartridges are not even fitted with lubricators. So the return to the practice of sponging seems to be wise and necessary precaution, Pall Mall Gazette. Ax Unfinished Leadership. Manson, the principal leader writer of the Edinburgh Daily Review, died suddenly. Mr. Manson died in his study, and on his desk was the following portion of a leading article for next day's paper, which he had been engaged writing The citizenry of Edinburgh will this day receive an illustrious accession to their number and within a few hours of the time when these lines can be read by any, we shall be able to include as one of ourselves the most powerful tribe of the people that England has yet produced. John Bright is in every sense a man of the people ; he is of them and he is for them. He springs direct from the English soil, and brings with him all its races qualities ; nor ought we to pass unnoticed the fact that the three foremost men of the time owed nothing to aristocratic connexion. Mr. Bright would himself, we know, accord the first place to William Gladstone and unquestionably there is a phase in the mental development of Mr. Gladstone that brings but more fully than either of the others within the range of aristocratic sympathies. This is the perfection to which he has carried his intellectual cul- cure. By this means tendencies and avon convictions that seem to be mutually repulsive in other men fall into harmony in him. Conservatism and Liberalism meet in him; for every one knows that he wants to disestablish the Irish Church for the purpose of preserving the Church in Ireland by according her the conditions of activity. And he has the esteem of both Church and Dissent. Oxford is proud of him, and Manchester is proud of him for the one he could write a Greek disquisition for the other he could construct a budget. With cor- tain of the family features of the economists, who combines a"-. Here the quill had fallen from Mr. Muusou'b hand, maddening book in his chair he quietly passed away.- Dundee Advertiser. Marshal Taillant.--Ono Vaillant, a blacksmith of Dijon having written to claim cousin ship with Marshal Vaillant, the old soldier, after giving some details as to his parentage, replied :-" I entered the Polytechnic School at sixteen, and on leaving it joined the corps of Engineers. The promotion from which I experienced the greatest pleasure in the whole course of my career was that of corporal at the school. I went through the Russian campaign and that of 1895. I was made of prison at the end of 1943. I was at Waterloo, and wounded in the defence. of Paris in 1815. I had my leg laid open by a shell at the Beige of Algiers in 1830. My superiors fluid they were well satisfied! with me at the seige of Antwerp in 1832. The Emperor told me that he was pleased with me at that of Rome. Such, sir, is my history, nearly complete. If you find in all that any proof of continuity of origin between your family and mine, I shall be well pleased." Pall Mall Gazette. Newspapers certainly produce some literary as well as natural curiosities. For example, a Wisconsin paper says : "During a fierce thunder-storm near Mount Desert the lightning came down through the roof of a house and a bed, upon which lay a husband and wife, throw- ing the man out of bed, thence into the collar and out through the drain, and then ploughed up the ground to the barnyard where it killed a cow." A Springfield journal tells of a horse which ran away in that city, " throwing the driver out and cutting a severe gash in one of his hind legs." A notice of a recent steamboat explosion in a western paper ends as follows: The captain swum ashore. So did the chambermaid : she was insured for $15,000 and loaded with iron." A western editor describes the scene of a popular lecture thus: "Three thousand Indies were hanging on the lips of one man." A pretty strong man that I ASyraouso printer, in setting up a book publisher's advertisement, construct eel one of Dickens' works thus : " ' Barney,' by Rudge 81 505." A New York daily is responsible for the statement that " ex-Governor Andrew was born in 1828, previous to which event he had two strokes of apoplexy, one in 1861, and the other in 1800." Good Srr.LLrNn.-A pious but illiterate deacon, in a certain town in Massachusetts, gave o Bingo driver a slip of paper, upon which, he said, were written the names of a couple of books which he wished him to call for it a book store. The driver called at the store, and handing the memorandum to the clerk, said : " There is a couple of books which Deacon Be wished you (to send him." The clerk after a careful examination of the paper was unable to make " head or tail " of it, and passed it to the bookkeeper, who was supposed to know something of letters, but to him it was' also " Creek." The proprietor was called, and he also gave up in despair, and it was finally concluded best to send the memorandum back to deacon. It was supposed he must have sent the wrong paper. As the couch arrived at the village inn, the driver how the deacon standing on the steps. " Well, driver," said he, "did you get my books !" "No! And a good reason why! for there couldn't a man in Worcester rend your old lion tracks." " Couldn't read 'rain' ? Let me see the paper, The driver drew it from his pocket, and passed it to the deacon, who tukiiigoutund carefully adjusting his glasses, hold the memorandum at arm's length, and exclaimed, us he did so in a very satisfied tone: "Why it's plain as the nose on your face. To Steam Box-' (two psalm books.) I guess his clerks had better go to school a quarter." And here the deacon made some reflections upon the ignorance" of the times, and the want of attention to books by the rising generation, which would have been all very well said by some one else. Josh Billings on the near-by writing for you an analysis of the frog, I must confess that I have copied the whole thing servants and liberating, from the works of a celebrated French writer of the 10th century. The frog is in the first place it tadpole, and body and tail without coming to a lionel. He travels in pond holes, by tho side of the turnpike, and is accelerated by the activity of life tale, which wriggles with uncommon timberless and vivacity. By and by, before long, pretty soon, in a few days, when life is no more and logs begin to emerge from the north end of the animal, and from the south end at the same time, may be soon a disposition forced out. In this cautious way the frog is built, and then for the 1st time in his life he begins to get his bond buy water. His success is now certain, and book, in about 5 days more, he may be seen sitting down on himself by the side of the pond life, and looking at the dinner baskets of the children on their way to the district school. As the children came more nearer with a club or a chunk of brick in his hand to Bwott turn with the rates upon his behind legs and enters the water head- first, without opening the door. Thus the frog does business for a spot on a time, till he gets to be 21, and then his life is more ramified. Frogs have 2 Futures, ground and water, and is as free from sin us an oyster. I never know a frog to hurt anybody who paid his honest dues. I don't recollect now whether a frog has any before legs or not, and if he don't it unit anybody's bird nests but the frog's. Their hind legs are used for refreshments, but the rest of him won't pay for eating. A frog is the only person who can live In a well and not got tired. The bull frog H the boss of the puddle, and has a log to sit on, over on the other side of the puddle, and talks to the rest of the frogs, way down in his throat so that you can't understand more than half what he sea ; he is generally a cross and lazy old devil, all over wants. This is all there is worth knowing now about the frog, except that they ketch Eliza in By time, and winter by freezing up solid. P. S. I have endeavored to translate an author loose, but it is well' to render all his beauties into our hung, without busting the sense. In Syria the regulations pertaining to divorces are singular. If a man divorce his wife he can not see her back again. if both man and wife agree to a divorce, it takes place ; if not there is a secret meeting hold of the friends of the parties, called the assembly of verification. If the fault be on the side of the husband, he must, on Reparation give the wife the half of his property, and vice versa. One of the most singular customs of the Druses is, that if nowa, true or false, go abroad that man has divorced his wife, the cure Bonds for him and says : " The news of your divorce having gone abroad it must take place." And if the man should say, " I have not divorced my wife," it is of no i avail, The streets of London are watered with a weak solution of salt and chloride of lime. One watering a day is sufficient. A FilENcnjiAN has invented a kind of safe, which, when fraudulently opened, will kindle a brilliant Bengal light and assemble a crowd. There was a meeting in New York, of capitalists who favor the construction of a canal across the Isthmus of Darien, to connect the Camboon Sea with the Pacific, The Supreme King of Siam is a good astronomer edits an almanac, and takes personal supervision of the astronomical observations made in the kingdom. He went down to Waitara, in the gulf of Siam, to take charge of of the observations of the August total eclipse of the sun. ' Steel Boilers It has been long contended that stool boilers never could be used, not being sufficiently tenacious. But this theory has been badly damaged by some recent experiments at Pittsburg, where a steel boiler has withstood the most pressure that could be brought to bear upon it. The boiler is made of two plates of No. 3 stool, one-fourth of an inch thick, six feet long, and thirty-eight inches in diameter. It has been subjected to several boats, the tenth trial giving it a pressure of 725 pounds to the square inch. Experiments on it continue, but up to this writing, no pressure has been able to burst the boiler. It has stretched three inches since the experiments commenced. Seeing is Deceiving nore is a row of ordinary capital letters and figures : SSSSXXXXZZZZ 333 38888 They are such as are made up of two parts of equal shapes. Look carefully at these, and you will perceive that the upper halves of the characters are a very little smaller than the lower halves so little that an ordinary one will declare them to be of equal size. Now turn the page upside down, and without any careful looking you will see that this difference in size is very much exaggerated that the real top half of this letter is very much smaller than the bottom half. It will scorn from this that there is a tendency in the eye to enlarge upper part of any object upon which it looks. We might draw two circles I of unequal size, and so place them that they should oppose equal- Once a Week. Is there not some truth in the following which we clip from an English paper :-" Everything now-a-days must be done on a large scale ; a He must be a big Ho to be properly respected. The unhappy wretch maddened by drink or jealousy, who, in a moment of temporary insanity, gives a blow which deprived of life all that he loves boat in the world, is on awful murderer. The directors of railways who, by mismanagement, kill a few hundreds of the human race, are courted and respected. The heartless creditor who, by his harshness, drives his unfortunate debtor to take the benefit of the not of suicide, may be admired by all for his many charitable works. For our part we would, so far as possible, punish causes. If, whenever a railway accident occured, a couple of directors or railway officials were tied on to the buffers of the engine and forced to travel thus for a month or so daily, we much doubt if railway smashes for the next few weeks would be of such frequent occurrence." Boudoir. Tis word is used to denote a lady's private apartment, in which she receives only her most intimate friends and it carries with it ideas of refinement and luxury. If, however, we trace the word to its origin, we find that the root or first syllable, Riche? is the same as our English word point and that the term signifies, literally a place to which a woman retires to sulk-apoulery, us we might call it. Like many other words, however, it has lost the tinge of reproach and vulgarity it once bore, and has acquired an air of elegance which con coals all traces of its low birth. Sir Philip Sidney Equalled Fathers soldier, wounded in the mouth at the battle of France, was asked by Mr. Arthur Lawrence of the Christian Commission, if he would not have a drink. intense thirst is the first sensa- tion after a wound. The young fellow, whose name is unknown, declined the draught offered him, saying, " My mouth's all bloody, sir, and it might make the canteen back for the others." Married Life Good counsel from a wife and mother : " I try to make myself and all around me agreeable. It will not do to leave a man to himself till he comes to you, to take no pains to attract him, or to appear before him with a long face. It is not be difficult as you think, dear child, to believe to husband so that hoflliallrainalnforovorinsoinomoasnraalniabaiid. I am an old woman, but you can still do what you like a word from you at the right time will not fail of its effect ; what need have you to play the suffering virtue ? The tear of a loving girl, says an old book, in the a dewdrop on a rose ; but that on the cheek of a wife is a drop of poison to her husband. Try to appear cheerful and contented, and your husband will be so and when you have made him happy you will become so, not in appearance, but in reality. The skill required is not so great. Nothing strengthens a man so much as the happiness of his wife ; he is always proud of himself as the source of it. As soon as you are cheerful you will be lively and alert, and every moment will afford you an opportunity to let fall an agreeable word. Your education, which gives you on immense advantage, will greatly assist you and your sensibility will become the noblest gift that nature has bestowed on you, when it shows itself in affectionate assiduity, and stamps on every action of soft, kind and tender character, instead of wasting itself in secret repining." The Weaker Sex There are a great many women who seem disposed to accept the Hilo of weaker sex, and conform their characters to it in every respect. This term, however, like softer, gentler, or turned on a mount, and other expressions of the some sort, were first applied by man to woman to indicate his own uH'cctctl superiority. They are words of pity which Bcantily cover a meeting of scorn. They were never intended as compliments, and should not be accepted as such, Women are in no sense physically, morally, or intellectually less strong by nature than men. They have as large a sum of strength in each respect as ho, although the particulars of which it is composed are differ out. The threading of a needle is as great a proof of physical superiority us the wielding of a crow-bar. If man has the broader grasp and stouter muscle the woman has the greater delicacy of touch and precision of movement. There may be as much strength in the one as in the other, though Its nature is totally different. Many women have, however, unfortunately, we repeat, accepted weakness as an essential of their nature. We tims find them doing their boat to enfeebled and reduce themselves to attenuated ghosts of humanity, hardly to be seen or felt. They have been impressed with such an artificial horror of the substantial that they will make any sacrifice of health and comfort to avoid it. Thus they tighten their waists, they squeeze their toes, they starve their stomachs, they blanch their faces, and shut themselves up in doors without light and exercise until they become almost disembodied. They have such an aversion to the least indication of the ruddy hue of health that they conceal it with chalk and paint, and to the activity of vigor, that they effect a languor when they have it not. They reach their ideal of a perfect woman when they have reduced themselves to the fewest possible pounds avoirdupois, diminished their powers of locomotion to the minimum necessary to getting in and out of a carriage with the aid of a hole ing arm, whitened their faces to the pastor of disease, and accomplished the feat of a daily headache in the morning and a fainting fit at night. A claim to the title of the weaker sex may thus be made good, but at a fearful sacri- face of health, happiness, and according to all unconverted tasto-lovolinosa too. Women should scorn all buoIi enfeebling operatives of insults to their nature, and strive, in accordance with their original organization, to become robust physically, morally and intellectually. Fashions repeat themselves in the course of years, if we are able to understand a passage in Jeremy Taylor's sermon on the marriage ring : " Monunder, in the comedy, brings in a man turning his wife from his house because she stained her hair yellow, which was then the beauty." Monaiuior flourished about three hundred years before the Christian Era Oaths are vulgar, senseless, offensive, in- pious ; like obscene words, they leave a noisome trail upon the lips, and a stamp of perfume upon the soul. They are inexcusable. They; gratify no sense, while they outrage case and dignity. 