GOOD-BYE TO THE SESSION! , GOOD-BYE to the session, 'tis over, The scramble for places ami pay; Each patriot now is a rover, All flitted like swallows away; There's nobody left to invite one To nobblcrise now at the bar, No chance for a chap to indite one Good, peppery, personal par.; The Sneaker may sleep through December, Macleay hasten back to bis "crows," And Geoff, without shaking remember lie's got such a thing as a nose. Gno.I-liyc to the session, the lobbies, The lunches, the sappers, and beers, The. "hums," and the " habs," and the hobbies, The jaw, and the chaff, and the chccin; The blather, and bluster, and blunders, The fights 'tween the "noes " and the "ayes," The Ghost's oratorical thunders. The Ghost's oratorical lies ; Denouncing of Papists and t reasons, Inciting* of war to the knife, . For the wor<l. of all possible reas ins, I The stirring up hatred and strife. Gnod-byeto the session, the squabble"! Enough to make, any one sick, " I pays for the roast pork 1 gobbles. But you, yon brute, gobble oil tic!;!" The voices deliciouslv blended — "Rogue!" "swindler!" "ass!" "fiddlestick !" "fool!" And then when the tempest is ended, Ecarte, three up, or pin-pool; The shouts and the laughter uproarious As the cab rattles over the stones, The pat-riot happy and " glorious," To rattle at midnight the bones. Good-bye to the session, Sir .lemr.iy, The knight of the wig and the gown ; The puritan Wilson, so prim lie Would pnt, all the "cakosand ale" down ; The. labour in vain of the bold man Who rivals fJie Wind.-yer's fame. And the. eloquent tongue of the old man, Por hm:/ lie remembered his name ! The chamber where oft thro' the night sighed The Speaker of slumber bereft. The political she p on the right side, The political goats on the. left. Good-bye to the scssi m ! Another Will come with its hopes and its vow. 1 :; Will it fritter away Tiki.- its brother In twaddle, and squabble, and rows? Will it come with a rose or a nettle 1 Will it conic with a Messing or curse ? Its measures and men better metal, Or both of them fifty times worse? Will it come hut. to chaff and to chatter? Will it coine but to live and to die Unhnnonred, unwept; 13,ill! what matter ! Good-bye to the session, good-bye! —Syrfneii Pun-:h. 