THEATRICAL GOSSIP. By the Lounobu. " Fearless— bat trao." Dnnng tho past week I have soon with plea- sure, and watoked with attention, on moro i than one ocoaeion, MrBandmaun's performance ol Hamlet ; but, previous to giving my hnmble | opinion on his impersonation, I may state that l I nppronch tho subject with two firm con. I victione which may possibly ho tormed " tiins j long prejudices." First, I contend that no foroigner, however talontod, can rightly son- j ceivo the works of our immortal hard, the ' groundwork (of conrso I do not inclndo tbo i argument and plots) of whioh is essentially I English ; and, socondly, that wo have had oa tho boards of our Theatre Royal tho finest ro- prosentntives of tho "Royal Dano" in tbo aiiUYvu vvuiiut fcjkuibiijfj uu iiiuUG prcrnlBOB, X consider MrBandmaun's assnmption of Hamlet a groat, bnt, nt times, an uneven performance. In my last article I stated that it woald ba tho crncial test of his ability, and bo has passed through tho erdesl with moro than oredit. Taking tho great German actor, Kmil Dorriont, as his model, Horr Bandmann's Hamlet differs in many instances from tho Hamlets of Barry Sullivan, Obarles Kean, Brooke, and mnuy others who have appealed > in Melbourne. As a rale, Mr Bandmann j does not rely entirely on making pointi, and ! many passages whioh English actois especially j make stand ont were pointless in tho present i performanoo. Tho gloomy Dane was by Mr j Bandmann (invested with a dreamy air veiy ' characteristic of a German misanthropical - ooneoption. Dr Johnson, in bis short critical ' esBay on this charaoter, sayB : — " The pretended madness of Hamlet causes mnch mirth ; the >' mournful distraotion of Ophelia fills tbo heart 1 with tenderness, and every personage producia the offoot intonded from the apparition that is ' the first act chills tho blood with horror to tbo ! eontempt. For the feigned madnejfl o Bjiqlet j thero appears no adeqnato came, for be doei nothing which ho might not have done with a repntation of sanity. Ho plays tha madman most when he treats Ophelia !th ao:. mnch rtidenesi, which sooms to b> .class : nnd wanton cruelty. Hamlet is through, the wholo piece rather an instrument . than nn agent. After he hue, by the stratagem : - of tho play, convicted tho King, he makes no nttompt to punish him ; and his death is at j last offcctod by an incident which Hamlet had f, no port in prodnoing." It will thas bo ie<ab that the opinion of England's groat loxico-j grspher wsb thnt Hamlet was not mad, and It- apprehend Mr Bandmann, holding tbo lameg views, works ont his artistic assnmption of tho|\ character. I candidly cqnfoss I did not like tksj management of the ifirst not. In tho iicoill :t ttCS uir paQQjjjQQ SLIOWB gTOBs uullltji & description of tho 2?4H0feoly lYl'.b ??¥$!! beijf overcome, and his rhapsody, " What a pi'ccS cl;| work is man 1" wbb really impressive. IhiJ instructions to the players was given with i| grace, ease, and fluency of spaoch absolutely,! astonishing in a foreigner, and oarned for hinj a long and woll-meritod round of nppan!!,| The play scene was finely managed. Ham!et| hardly notices tho arrival of tho Royal pnfe (his attention being taken np looking tkrongbjj tho curtain to mako sure that his instruction:; aro being faithfully carried out) until addriiiri : by the King, and then, after gome bitter raillery;;, with thojQncon, lays himself at Ophelia'a leet, seemingly engaged in following tho playerikomw the manuscript of thoir play, but in reality closely watching the workings of the coaa-g tonanco of tho oonaoienoe-stricken king. Bandmann oxcelled himself by the vebeia(at,| manner in which, on the ahrnpt departure oI.| tho King, ho dolivorod the following lines:— "Why, lot tho atruckon doer go wocp, 1 Tbo liart ungallod play : ,:j For some muse watch, whilo somo must ileepii-a Thus runs the world away. <9 Bnt for intonsity and effeot commend me to Ala closet scone, in whioh Mr Bandmann rosily wlB to greatness. Whilo upbraiding bis Qu«<9 mother, and oomparing the good qnalitieacjfl bis lato father with those of her presest buja hand, describing the latter as " a mar'caM and a villain," Mr Bandmann's intensity Hamlet increases, and when nt the words, "jfl King of shreds and patches," tho Ghost ijjH pears to him throngh tho portrait panel, . falls back prostrate on the ground— for a c ment deprived of speech, and then, slowly, t almost in a whisper, praying for help. Save mo, and hovor o'or mo with your witPi You hoavonly guards t perfectly electrified tho bonso to snch on « tont, indeed, that the lowor parts Wen- "rose to him," and the action of the play'1 for some short timo stopped by tho tumultnooi'l planae. Like Derrient, Mr Bandmann display very strongly Hamlet's affection for his mot® That her crimo had almost destroyed bis in human nature, his noting tlironghc. tho rest of tlio play shows._ In the # soene, though displaying passion to aseiw ordinary degree, it was tompered to a ceitc extent with affeotion for her; and when L GhoBt had loft tho chamber, bis words to b"i So again good uigni ; I must bo cruel only to bo kind . woro given with endearing, and yet " telling efloct. Every artist has a caw nating sceno in all plays, and in this ol s:euo Mr Bandmann seemed to have resc the apex of his undoubted talent. I dia like the introduction of Fontinbras i to c1ob_ tragedy. Hero again it iB posBiblo I am w to old customs, still I profor tho old stereo jf finish. Mr Bandmann's Hamlot ih '"at . . thorongh scholar and an accomplished » his ooneoption is ono that gradually WW I you. The fact of a foroigner beul8 pable, not only of learning too of this moat difficult of Sbakspoars P hut giving thorn " tongno and mooning, deed surprising ; bnt, when ho gives readings and idoas, surprise begets onr tion. To show that this gentlem thoroughly studied not only tho aW""., „ tho play, bnt also tho ago in whio# written, we find that the playors when trodnced aro all dressed in male attire, this is correct, as in Shakspesro s ti wero always engaged to play wo®e it I In fine, Mr Bandmann's Hsmlct is s P study. Miss Rose Evans, who on w J nppoaranco was rocaivod with roun . plauso, has moro than a pretty face t " throngh tho ordaons oharacter ol P oiunot call to mind her equal in if< ring as the Queen played hor Wst- ally fine voice was of great serv jM in the declamatory passages oi while the gentle modulation ffl her expressions of h« (fji hor son was very, pathetioauy g'f Bowring met with a reoeption dne H old favourite. Mr Ireland seemed more him- aslf than ho has been for some time aa Claudius, King of Denmark. His fine delivery of the soliloquy,'," Oh, my offenco is rank elicited a well deserved recognition from tho nudioneo. Mr Harwood was more than an averago Polonius, this part being almost en tirely ont of hiB range. Ho soemod to err on tho side of taraoness, afraid, poisibly, to bur- losquo tho part ; a determination highly to he commended, seeing that Polonius is not a fool hat a garrulouB conrlier of tho old school. Mr Loathes mado one of tho host nnd most natural Horatioa I have soen for some timo at this houBe. Tho other characters wero woll played, and the Btage arrangements reflect tho grcnteot credit on the mauagomont. Tonohing tho orohcstrol arrangements, daring tho intervals hetwoon tho acts " the band discourses most oxoellent musio," though an improvement might ho mado by allowing Mr Siodo to wiold tho baton ; bnt I onhmit it may bo f o jsible to disco ver another ' ' trnmpet flourish' ' for tho one which has dono duty for somo considerable timo in Richard III, Macbeth, Othello, Antony nnd Cleopatra, and lastly in Hamlet. I com mend this to tho tulonted loader of tho band, Mr F. Coppin, who, by exorcise of his original powers of muBioal composition in producing somo now " trnmpet flourishes," might hand his namo down to posterity with tho greater maBtors of tho present day. It has boen the custom of tho " nppor ten " in this colony, when, to roplenish tho treasury, tho management aro compelled to introduce magicians, nerobntB, monkeys and dogs, to do- .sumifn f h a InHBflon for nanrtcriiia to Q denravod tasto — lamenting the faotthat there ia no refined amusement worthy their attendance, and hoping for an improvomont in tho olaaB of entertain ment. Now they havo a gontlemau and a scholar playing Shakspenro, unequalled soenery, talonted company, splendid theatre, good mnaio, and comfortablo Bitting room, nnd what do wo find ? Night after night tho dress-oirolo presonts an almost beggarly account of empty benches. It spoaks woll for tho tastes of tho people and those gallery folks, looked upon by tho " uppor ten" as the" unwashed, that all tho other parts of tho bouse are nightly crowded. Tako my word for it, Messieurs tho Managers, tho very casual visitors to tho dresB-oirclo aro hardly worth studying. The working- classes are in fact and In truth your best supporters, their tastes also being equally as refined aa those of the nppor ciroles of society. The Iateat production at Weston's Opera- house has proved a great success. Tho ballad, "Littlo Barefoot," has boen adapted for 'dramatic purposes, by Mr H. B. WiltoD, who bos already achieved some farno aa the author of tho words of tho songs, " Whispors of home," and "Laughing MoonbenmB." The plaintive ballad is snng with excellent tnsto by Miss Emma Weippait, whose fino soprano voice ia heard to groat advantage. Four very pretty tableaux aro shown during tho porform- nnoo of this dcsciiptive ballad, tho arrangement of whioh reflects tho highest credit on the management. I think, however, if it woro in troduced earlier in the evening, tho programme to finish with comicalities, it would bo roceived with greater pleasure by tho audionce. Mr Buckley, too, has, duriDg tho weob, danced an Irish jig in a very artistic maunor : there is jnoro talent in this gentleman than many Would suppose, from the molanoholy appear ance he makes in tho first part. MeBirs Hussoy, Holly, Kelly, and Weston, in the in terludes, make the fnn grow fast nnd fnrions. Mrltainsford, tho talented basso of tbis troupe, announces his benefit for Tuesday, when a tre mendous programme will bo presented, includ- ing " Lea Miserables, Harry ileiiy s nappy old Man," Miss Weippart in English and German song, and Mr Hainsford, for the first timo in character, will Bing tho "Old Sexton." A now burlesque on Hamlet will be played duriDg next week. At Ballarat tho Thoatro Hoyal has been very woll attended dnriDg tho week. Akhuret's burjeBono, " Kin" Aithnr " tho Principal attrac tion, iias been produced in fine flCylOs A fiB 1 sisters Stewart have become great favorites, their singing, especially the duet " Beautiful Swells," eliciting great applause. Messrs Bogers, Holloway and Stewart materially assist the success of the burlesque, the latter gentleman playing Sir Modrod. At the Meohanics Institute, Mesdames Maggie Little, Fanny and Milly Downio aro the principal vaeal attractions. Tho Stanley and Holmes combination, with Frank Drew, is still at Graytown, Spring Creek. I hoar they will ehortly return to Bendigo. Mr J. C. Eainer, with tho Messrs Easdown, Chas. Lsscelles, and Barry O'Neil have been amusing the Castiomaine folks at their thoatro during the past wesk. Early in the next they will appear in Maldon. My usual Sydney loiter, under dato Gth October, says : — " The Princo of Wales, in the long-looked for, long-promised prodnetion of " Tho Tempest,' has slightly aroused from their theatrically apatbotic slumbers ii!I "lasses in this community, who cordially agree that it is the finest Shakspoarian revival ever seen in Now South Wales. The business, despite the opposition at the Sohool of Arts, has been highly remunerative. Tho Vice-Regal pa tronage has been very cheerfully accorded to the management, and on tho occasion of tho visit_ on Friday last the house was crammed. It is not likely, to bo withdrawn for some _ timo yet. I am told that ' The Captain ot tho Ynlturo' is to be the next revival. Moving about in theatrical ciroles I hear mnch gossip — som<|:orrect, some otherwise. It is stated that Miss Cleveland will shortly revisit us and play at the Princo of Wales, but that the arrangements aro not finally mado. A letter has been recoivod here from Mr Farqnharson, who intends to revisit Australia Bhortly. He was in good health, and anxious for tho trip. Poor Hnrlowe, Fred. Yonnge's brother, has been getting worse and worse, and is now in an asylum. His intollect has quite gone. His non-snoocss with regard to xtoneriBon's plays is spolren ol as tno primary causo. The poor fellow has been continually brooding over it. Mrs Robort Heir left hero for Auckland yesterday en rente to tho Thames. Stuart O'Brien has been very unfortunate in his managerial career in New Zoaland. He will shortly return to Sydney." Tho latcBt from Now Zealand states that Mr Talbot's engagement has been very satis factory, bnt that Mr Bartlott, in his light comedy, is the greater favorite. On Friday, 18th September, Mr Talbot took his benefit, and played Othello, Bnpported by Mr Joseph Raynor as Iago, and Mrs Harry Jackson as Desdomona. Mr Bartlott played Hugh do Brae in the farco, " A Regular Fix." Mr Talbot has sines played King Lear, Petruchio, Riohard the Third, and Iago, to Raynor's Othello. I olose my presont budget of news by quoting from a Iotter rooeived by Mr T. ,S. Bollair, from Mons. de la Chapollo, regarding the probable visit to this colony of tho great tonor, Tamherlik. Writing from Paris, 910 Rue do Rivoli, under date 18th August, 1869, he sayB : — " I have engaged tho most illustrious tenor of the day, tho great Tamherlik, tho highest mnsical refutation in tho world, who is eoming to Australia with a fall opera company of ar tiste, who, without exception, aro all perfect and of the highest standing. Coatnmes, mite en scene, eta., ail will be liko at the Italian Opera House, Oovent Garden, London. The prima donna ie Madame St. Urbani, a yonng and magnificent Parisian singer." 