LOCAL AND GENERAL. MEETING OF FREE SELECTORS. k fubi.ic meetixg of froo soloctors was lately leld at Mr. Mutthows's, Travellers' Rest Inn, Marengo, " to tnko into consideration tho host, noans for obtaining an amended Lnnd Act." There was a considerable attondunco of porsons interested, and Mr. J. G. Foster was called on to prosido. Tho Chairman thanked tho mooting for tho honour conforrod upon him, and stntod tho object of tho mooting. Previous to calling upon the movor of tho first resolution, ho might ho per mitted to stato what had boon done under tho existing Land Act. From a parliamentary roturn laid on tho tablo of tho Assoinbly on tho 14th of Oetobor last year, by tho thon Minister for Lands, ho found that the total number of conditional -purchasos -mado in tho colony from tho 1st January, 1SG2, to tho 30th Juno, 18G8, was 21,435, and the total area soloctod comprised 1,034,834 acres 1 rood 4 perches, this being more than one-fourth of tho total aroa alienated in tho twonty old counties now forming what is known as tho first-class settled districts from the first settlement of tho country up to tho l.«t ol Docombor, 18G8 — a largo proportion of which are grants from tho Crown. To confino himscl locally, lio found upon tho authority of the re spective local journals that in tlio Yass district from 18G2 to tlio 30th Juno, 18G9, there have boen 877 selections, comprising an area of 50,826 ncros, upon which it is estimated £42,000 have been spent in improvements. In tho Young district sinco 18GG tho total number of acres selected has boon 33,333. But tho best criterion of tho soundness of tlio present land law might bo Poimel in tho fact that- tho otlior colonies lias followed suit, Victoria having neloptcel free selection with deferred payments ; nnd in tlio Queensland Land Act both aro adopted, with a reduction in tlio prico and yearly payinoiits. Bearing these facts in mind it would be well for tlio meeting to weigh curofully any suggestions as to aniciidmont in tlio existing luw in this colony tlint might ho brought beforo them. Tho Chairman thon called upon Mr. J. Ilimly, who moved tlio first resolution : — "That all pro-omptivo leases be grunted by land agents when applied for; tlmt upon a temporary or permanent measurement, with the erection of four cornor pegs and a fow marked trees (where practicable) the holder of such louse ho allowed tlio. right to impound ; and that such impounding be final." Mr. O'Flaherty seconded the proposition, which was carried unanimously. Mr. M. McGrath then moved — " That the maximum area ho incrcasod to 010 ncros, and tlio minimum 2 acres." Mr. M. O'Connor seconded tlio motion. Tilr. Woodbridgo moved, as an amendment — " That tho maximum aroa ho retained at 320 ncros." Mr. Cummins seconded the nmondment. Tlio .Chairman having submitted tho amend ment nnd motion to tho meeting, tlio former was declared carried by a small majority. Mr. A. McGill .moved — " That the prico bo reduced to 10s. per aero for all first-class land ; for hack nnd inferior land, 5s. per aero ; and that a system of fixed yoarly payments ho adopted of Is. per here per annum. This motion was seconded by Mr. P. O'Connor, and carried unanimously. Mr. G. Ilenty than moved — "That all dummy selections bo disallowed, tho deposit forfeited, and a fino of £100 inflicted ; and that no land tnkon up undor the conditional purchaso clauses of tlio Land Act lie allowed to ho resold till, the expiration of five or ton years." Mr. Tr. Crowo seconded the proposition, which was carried unanimously. . Mr. T. Cummings moved — "That the auction system so far as referred to country lauds should be abolished." Mr. M. Keams socondcd tho motion, which whs declared carried. Mr. T. Woodbridgo moved — " That with re gard to all existing conditional purchases, tho interest bo incrcasod to ton per cont. per annum, and that all interest paid go towards payment of tho original purchase 11101103'." This was socondcd l>3' Mr. T. Rush, and carried. Mr. P. O'Connor moved — "That a copy of these resolutions bo embodied, and submitted to tho Government by tlio Chairman." Mr. M. Koll3- seconded tho motion, which was carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to tho Chairman, closed tho proceedings, and tho mooting separated. Severe Hailstorm. — O11 Inst Sunday afternoon a very severe hailstorm occurred in Yass. The hailstones wero as largo as bigaroon or wliito- licnt't cherries, and in some instances were jagged and irrogular in shape, forming almost square lumps of solid ice. Tho glass in windows ex posed to tho storm was in many casos shuttorcd. At St. Clement's some twenty-fivo panes were smashed ; at tlio Commercial Hotel twelve panes, and in other places one or moro. The gardens in tho neighbourhood of tlio town have also suf fered inoro or loss dnmago from tho size of tlio hailstones and the great forco with which thoy descended. Heavy rain has at short intervals continued to full sinco lust Saturday morning, and tlio Yass Rivor has risen sovorul foot. Tlio copious moisture has bad a most hcnoficial effect upon tlio country, and a more favourable season than this promises to he has not boon experienced for a long scries of yoais. Tlio hay crop is lik oly to ho a very heavy 0110, and the wheat, of which a much larger area than usual has been sown, looks vei'3 lino indeed. Surpr.Yixo Fictitious Names to the Police. — At the Polico Court, on Wednesday last, thoro wero two'informations for using ohscono language on tho street against porsons who respectively gavo tho names of Thomas and ITonry Jackson. Tho partios complained of failed to appear to answer tho charge, and in one instancoa warrant was ordered to issuo. Wo h.ivo learned that the men aro carriers on tlio road, and supplied fictitious names to tho constablo, adopting, un fortunately, tho names of two respoctablo young men resident in tho neighbourhood whore the oll'enco is alleged to hnvo been committed. Had tlio constablo boen as sharp as policemen nro usually supposed to he, this circumstance might havo been discovered beforo tlio cases were called' 011 in court, and thus saved tho young m'oii alluded to tlio nnnoyanco of having their names published in connection with an objectionable chai'go. Giiaxt ix Aid to the Yass Mechanics' Ixsti- tute. — B3' reference to our leading column il will bo noticed that, in rosponso to an applica tion mado by Mr. J. J. Brown on behalf of the committee, tho Hon. tho Colonial Secretary lias intimated that a sum of £300 has been placed 01 the Supplementary Estimutos in aid of the cosl of erecting tho new building, on the usual con ditions. The Piiofosed Public Ball. — Tlio incleraoncy of tho weather has inducod tho promoters of the movement in favour of holding a hall in connec tion with tlio ceremonies attendant on tho open ing of tho Mechanics' Institute, to postpone tho meeting called for this evening to next Friday, at eight p.m. The New Brihge at Yass. — Tho oycrsoor for tho oi'cction of tho now iron bridgo ovor tho Yass Rivor has arrived in town, and tho rivettors from Messrs. P. N. Russell and Co.'s establish ment aro oxpeeted to reach Yass to-morrow. Wo understand 901110 delay lias oecurrod in despatching a portion of tho iron work from tlio railway station nt Goulburn, tho enrriors having refused to convey tho loading at the rate ollerod by tho person who obtained tho contract from tho Government. Conditional Purchases. — During tho throo months ending 30th ult., 49 selections wore taken up at tho land oifico, comprising an area of 2003 acres 2 roods. During tho quarter ending 30th Juno thoro wero 50 selections, but the aroa taken . up was moro than 50 acres undor that selected dining tho past six months. The Wagga WagoaBueaciiofPromi.se Case. — This caso was commenced at Wagga AVagga on Friday afternoon. It is nil action for broach of promiso of marriage brought by Miss Hiilley against a squattor named Jackson, damagos £1000. Mr. Windoycr, instructed by Messrs. Willans and Windoycr, appeared for tho plain tiff, and a number of witnesses wore examined. The caso was concluded on Saturday, and re sulted in a verdict for tho plaintiff, damages £300, in addition to a sum of £G0 paid into court-. Registrar's Rf.turxs. — Tho district rogistnir supplies us with tho following return for tho quarter onding tho 30th ult.: — Marriages, 8 ; births, 65; deaths, 18. Pastoral axd Agricultural Association. — Tho public mooting of those who havo intimated their intention to join the projected association, and of all who are favourable to tlio objects it has in view, will bo hold at tho Court-liouso to morrow, at two o'clock. We understand from tho provisional secretary, Mr. Pouibrooko, that more than 100 porsons havo signed tlio docu ments agrooing to bocomo mombors. . No doubt with an efficient committoo tho mombors will 1 rapidly incroaso. At all ovonts tho prosont bona fido promisos of support are in every way encouraging. Tiie Lead Lode at Gininderua. — Tho lodo of load oro found on tlio Ginindorra estate will probably bo turned to profitable account. Wo liavo received a small specimon of tlio ore. It is what is technically designated us "stool ore," and a gentleman of much practical experience assures us it will yield from 25 to 30 ounces of silver to tlio ton. If, as is oxpeeted, tho Woolgarlo Mines nro profitably anil success fully worked, wo skull very speedily havo mining affairs in active operation in ull directions around Yass. New Journals. — Wo aro in rcciept of the first number of tlio Eurrowa Independent. This journal is nhnost a reprint of tho Eurrangong Argus, and is printed at Young. A newspaper to l)o succcssfull\\- conducted must of necessity bo pointed in the town it professos to linil from, and to this niny be ascribed tlio fact, as stated in tlio first number, "that the pcoplo of Burrowa aro dend ngainst tho Independent." Wo linvo also received tlio first number of the Cumberland Times. This journal is printed at Purrainattii, and is a very creditablo first number. It lias 1111 nppcnrnnco of stability about it, and we cordially wish it success. Store Robbery. — Last Friday, Young Griffin, a/ms Kelly, and two other 111011 named respectively Nieholls "awl Batson, wero brought before the j Cowrn bench charged with stealing goods from Mr. lcely's store. Tlio two former wero discluirgctl, tho ovidcncc as against thorn not being considered sufficient; "tlio latter was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Electoral Representation. — Tlio following is tho bill introduced into the Assembly 011 Wednes day, to amend the electoral representation, and to shorten tlio duration offuturo Parliaments : — Be it enacted, bT (lie Queen's Most Excellent Majest', b- and with tlio advice and consent of tho Legislativo Assembly of Now South Wales in Parliament assembled, and b' tho authorit' of tho same, as follows : — 1. Each oftho following electoral districts, namcl, the Began, Camden, Central Cumberland, the Clnrance, tho Hastings, tlio Hume, tho Laclilun, Northumberland, shall be divided into two separate electoral districts, and tlio boundaries of the said separate districts and of such of tlio adjacent districts as require to bo altered for such purpose, namely, Miimira- liidgoe, Saint Leonards, Tumut, the Williams, shall ho altered according to the schedule hereto. 2\. None of tlio said electoral districts or any portion of them shall return a member or members to tho Legislativo Assembly otherwiso than according to this Act. 3. Every electoral district, as 'designated and described in the said schedule, shall ho ail doctoral district according to tho Electoral Act of 1858, and Shall return a member to tho Legislative Assemhl' according to tlio said Act. 4. Tlio electoral districts of Mndgoo and Paddington shall each, in future, return two menil/ers to tho Legislative Assembly. 5\. In future, tlio duration of tho Legislativo Assembly shall not be longer than throo years. 0\. This bill may bo cited as tho Amended Repre sentation Act of 1S70. Insolvency Court. — Rule Nisi. — On tho petition of James Tobias Ryan, of Emu Plains, Now South Wales, auctioneer, praying that tlio estate of Arthur Rcmmington, of Hardwicke, near Yass, grazier, bo sequestrated, his honor granted a rule returnable on Thursday, l-lth Oetobor. Mr. Mackenzie, official assignee. — Law Reform. — Mr. J. ' Stewart lias given notico of his intention to movoiuthoLogislative Assembly, on tlio 19th instant : — 1. Tlint, in the opinion of this House, thoro ought to bo an Act of tlio Legislature to simplify proceedings in the Supromo Court, in all its jurisdictions, except criminal and admiralty. 2. That such Act should abolish tho distinctions between actions nt law and suits in equity ; all distinctions between barristers and solicitors; all special pleadings; all variety of costs ; and all court vacations which delay or dolor tho business of tlio court. 3. That such Act should provide for one uniform courso of procedure, for a plain nnd conciso system of pleading, and for one scale of costs to be paid in all cases, whether as botweon attorney and eliont or between parly and party. 4. That such Act should provide for frequent (or, where nccdf'nl, continuous) nnd simultaneous sittings of single judges for the disposal as woll of issues in law, us of issues of fact, eithor with or with out a jury. 5. That such Act should enable judges, sitting singly, to refer disputed matters of fact, investigation of accounts and tho like, to a referee, or referees, official, or extra-official. 0\. That such Act should provide that all matters by way of appeal should ho heard beforo a full court of throe judges, sitting at stated intervals. 7\. That his Excelloncy tlio Governor should bo advised to appoint' a commission, with instruc tions to frame a hill, founded on the foregoing resolutions ; such commission to consist of three persons only, and roquirod to eomploto tho com mission beforo tlio next meeting of Parliament. Purchasers Pre-lease Declaratory Bill. — Tho following nro tho clauses proposed in committeo by Sir Jixmo.s Martin in tho Purchasers' Pro-leaso Declaratory Bill : — "3. No person shall hereafter bo entitled to a pro-omptivo leaso of moro than fivo thousand acres, in respect of any single block of land, whether such block ho mado upofonoor moro grants or purchases or not ; nor shall any person, undor any circumstances, bo ontitlod, in respect of any number of blocks, wheresoever situate, to pro-omptivo lousos of moro in tho aggregate than ton thousand acres. Provided that' this section shall not apply to 1 existing pro-omptivo louses, which- may he 1 ronowed us heretofore. 4. All pro-omptivo 1 louses shall hereafter bo taken up as nearly as ) may bo in such a manner as tlint one-third of the \- land so loused shall bo included between tho buck joutidury of tho freehold or purchased laud which gives tho right to such leaso and tlio pro- ongation of tho sido linos, and tho remaining :wo-tliirds shall bo taken up one-third 011 each lido of tho said freehold and purclmsod land, md with tho external boundaries parallel to the said linos respectively. 5. It shall bo tho duty jf every porson so taking up a pre-emptive leaso to murk out tlio boundaries thereof in a con spicuous manner 011 the ground, and to givo notico tlioroof to tho Land Agent at tho Land Office for tlio district in which the land so leased shall bo situuto. 0. Within one wock after such marking and notico, tho right to hold and occupy such land, under pro-emptivo leaso shall he eomploto. 7. No porson shall bo at liberty to take under prc- omptivo leaso an- lnnd already legally taken up. and held by uiioIiki' person under pre-emptive leaso. Bridges.— The S. M. ITerald's summary states : — Tho cap cylinders and stones for tlio Yass Bridgo havo been forwarded from Sydney. Tho superstructure is woll advanced at Messrs. P. N. Russell and Co.'s; nnd, it is hoped, will bo ready for opening about the beginning of tho yoar. The bridges at tho Chain of Ponds Creek, on the road from Cunning to Yass, aro progressing, as also nro those recently let between Yass anil Jugiong. Excopting these works and tlioso bo tweon Cundagai and Albury, all tlio works for I860 .on tlio Muiu South Road aro well advanced towards completion. Wagga Wagga Circuit Court. — From tho local papers wo learn that 011 Wednesday last, beforo his Honor tlio Chief Justice, Mary MacNamara was charged with having stolen twonty sheep, tho proporty of Robort Bruco Ronald, at Eiinonyliiircenyali, 011 1st October. A second count clni'rgod tlio prisonor with having received tho same, knowing thorn to bo stolon. Prisoner was undefended, and pleaded not guilty. Tho caso for tlio Crown having boon closed, tlio prisonor, .who hud no dofonco to make, requested his honor to pass a light son- tonco. 1-Lis honor rocapitnlntcd tho principal points of ovidonco, and tlio jury without retiring found a vordiet of guilty. His honor then road a list of tho sontoncos which prisoner's liusbanc nnd her two sons had received, and scntencoc prisonor to two yonrs with light labour in Goul burn gaol. — Thomas Christian, Timothy Murphy . and John Sullivan wero charged with having, ui Wantabadgoiy, on tho 31st May, stolen on< bullock. Tlio jury, al'tor n short deliberation returned a verdict of guilty against all tho pri sonors. On tho application of Mr. Windoyor, a point as to tlio ownership of tho animal was reserved.. Prisoners wero roinmidod for sen- tcnco. — Andrew M'Lnelilnn and John Flood wero charged with having, on the 2-ltli Soptombor, at Narnndern, feloniously nud burglariously entered the houso of William Trollope, with intent to steal therefrom. Tho jury, after n short absonco, returned a verdict of not guilt-. llis honor said lio quito agreed with tlio verdict, and, so far as the robbery was concerned, the prisoners left tlio court without a stain 011 their character. On Thursday morning tho prisoners wore brought il) for sentence. His honor was proceeding to address Christian in rather severe terms, when that prisoner assnmed an air of tlio most impu dent) indifference, -looking carelessly about the court and smiling. His honor said it was clear that any romarks from him would ho thrown way — tho prisoner was not attending to a word. His sonlcnco was, that lio should he imprisonod in Goulburn gaol, with hard labour, for tho term of three years. Smith, „ Murphy, and John Sullivan wero then sentenced respectively to eighteen months' imprisonment in tlio same gaol. This concluded the criminal business, and bis lienor having delivered the gaol in the usual manner, tlio court adjourned sine die. Excervta. — O11 Thursday morning (illy pri soners wore removed from Cockatoo Island to tlio gaol at Dnrliiigliurst. They wero taken by steamer to Wonlloomociloo Bay, and inarched tlienco to tlio gaol, under a strong escort of polico. On Monday, tweiity-nino prisoners wore tnkon from Cockatoo to tlio gaol at Parramatta. The following is a list of the duties paid at the Wagga Wagga Bonded Store, during tlio quarter onding 30th Soptombor: — July, £135 5s. ; August, £501 2s. Ud. ; September, £472 13s. Ild. Total, £1409 2s. -Id. One who lias tried for various means of euro, says that tlio yolk of an egg beat up with a spoonful of spirits of turpentine makes tho host plastor he is acquainted with for the soro backs of horses. Ho covers tho plaster with a soft oiled cloth, nnd pours oil over all when flics aro troublesome. Tlio Govornmont railway scheino lias boon intro duced. It proposos a loan of a million and a half, and simultaneous extension north, south, and wost. Electoral Law Amendment and Triennial Parliaments. — Tlio bill laid before tho Assembly "to amend tho electoral representation, audio sliorton tho duration of f'uturo Parliaments," proposes to raiso tho number of members to eighty, which was tlio number originally fixed by tlio Electoral Law of 185S. By tlio separ ation of Queensland eight members wero with drawn. ' It is now proposed to add eight to the scvonty-two existing seats. Six now electoral districts, each returning one member, aro to be formed by a division of existing . electorates, viz., Dubbo, taken out of'tlio Bogan : tho Richmond, taken out of tlio Clurniico ; tlio Manning and Maclcay, formed by a division of tlio prosont electorate of tlio Hastings ; Bland, taken out of tho Laclilim ; Albury, out ol'tlio Humo; Ilexbam, out ol'Noi'tlutmborland. Paddington nnd Mudgeo nro to return two members cacli instead of' one. Cmndon is to be divided into two electorates, Gnmdon and Bcrrhna ; and Central Cumberland into two, Cumberland and Pennant Hills, each returning 0110 member. And tlio duration ol futiiro Parliaments is to bo limited to throo years, — Empire. Criminal Records. — Tlio Colonial Secretary lias ordered all the records with roferonco to the names, history, and crimes of persons who in past years wero sent out to this colony as convicts, to be forwarded to bis office, and it is probnhlo that ho will ask Parliament to sanction tho destruc tion of the greater portion of those old indents. Transportation to Now South Wales ceased some twonty years ago, and for sovcral years prior to its cessation tho number of persons transported was very small, tlioso who cainc being all sent out for minor oll'encos. It is thought that no object can be sorved by tho preservation of re cords which" contain facts which might bo used by malevolent porsons to 1 lio annoyance of many reputable and respected' families in tlio colony; andas in many of the police-offices 'throughout tlio country tlioso indents exist, in somo cases complete, and in others incomplete, tlio Colonial Secretary lias thought proper to call tliein oil in. Tlioso which aro of any viiluo and aro likely to bo required for any purposo will bo carefully u-oservod, and tho remainder will in all pro- i:\bilitv be dealt with ill the manner already in- dicated.— -S. M. Herald. The Laws Relating to Roads. — Wo place bo- foro our readers tho substunco of "A Bill to Amend tho Laws relating to Roads." On tlio I'aco of it, it is not a very attractive subject ; but it is worthy of perusal nevertheless, and wc recom mend our outline of it to tho careful consideration of tlio public. The first few clauses aro declara tory ; the last clauses, 34 to 55, provido for and explain tho mode of arbitration by which all claims for compensation under tlio bill shall bo decided; mid tlioy embrace the usual formalities for carrying out tho bill, Ac., Ac. Wo shall considor tlio gist of tlio other clauses in detail. Clauses 5 to 11 provido that, whenever it is deemed expedient to mako a now road, or to widon it, or to niter tlio direction of it, tho .Surveyor-General slinll cause plans of such road to ho exhibited in his office at Sydney, and at every Court-house along and within live miles ol such road, for the space of ono calendar mouth. Tlioso plans-shall accurately depict the course of the proposed roads, and doscribo their width, mid the names of parties through whose properly thoy will pass. The Surveyor-General shall call upon all partios through whoso lands tho roads will pass to state their objections. (if any) to sncli road, in writing; and alter duo consideration ol such objections the Government may, by notifi cation in tlio Gazette, confirm tlio making or alteration in such roads ; whoroupon tho Sur- voyor-Gonoral shall enter upon, and appropriate for public use, tlio land required for tlio roads in question. Evory ownor of land entered upon in this manner will he entitled to compensation, provided tlmt all claims for compensation he mado within twelve months alter such appropria tion. Whoro an alteration lias been mndo in the direction of n road in tlio samo estato, tho old road is to rcvort to tlio private uso of tho owner ; and its valuo shall bo deducted from tho compen sation awarded for tlio injury dono by the now road. Clauso 12 abolishes tho right cil' proclaim ing roads hitherto reserved to tho Crown, except incascs whoro at tlio issuo ol'tlio deods tlio land required is specially reserved and described. When such is lint the case, tlio owner will havo claim for compensation for whatever injury accrues to his property in consequence of the opening of such road. Caro must ho taken how laud is granted along tho directions in which public roads will havo to bo proclaimed, or wc shall have claims for compensation of a most scandalous character pouring in upon us from all quarters oftho distant interior. Clauses 13, 15, 22, and 24 provido that tlio Government shall mako use of uncultivated land along tlio routo for uccossary purposes, such as the grazing of draught animals employed 011 tho road, Ac. ; and that gravel, stone, sand, treos, may bo takeu for building such road, and tho bridges thereon ; likewise, that drains and ditches may bo cut 011 cacli sido of, and all obstructions to tho froo course of tlio water bo roniovod from tlio neigh bourhood of such roads.- Should tho owner sudor any loss in consequence of such interference with his property, ho can claim compensation. Clauses 1G and 17 enact that tho Survoyor-Gcnoriil may grant permission to tlio ownor of land through which a public road passos to orcct gates across such road; and if tlio Survoyor-Gouorul wishes to cancel such permission lio must givo twelve months' notice of his intont.ion to do so in the Government Gazette. This clanso in itself would not do much liarinq-bnt- tlio clausos which follow 18 and 19 — rendor it oithor a mostmisohicvoiu or a most nonsensical provision, according to the constructions of which tlio throo clauses an susceptible, taken altogether. 18 pro vidos- thai whosoovor shall fail to close such gates alter him through carelessness, slinll bo linblo to a poind tj not oxceoding fivo pounds and costs ; but if it ii provod tlmt such gato has boon loft open wilfully, then tho dolinquont is liable to a ponalty of fifty pounds' and costs, or tlio altornativo of six months' imprisoumonnt. It might provo difficult to distinguish botweon what constituted enre- lossnoss nnd wilfulness ; and this difficulty would bo tlio only cluinco of oscnpo which ono would havo from six months' imprisonment. Our renders will perceive that tlioso two clausos would plaeo uu onornious power in tho hands of landowners— a power which would often bo ruthlessly exerted to crush a humble enemy. Clauso 19, however, rendors tlio wholo ull'air somowhnt ridiculous ; for it provides that, when the Government tnko a road through privato pro- penty, thoy shall put up a fonco at both sidos of tlio road nt the public expense. In that enso what would tlio gates bo roquirod for? Oil tho other band, if gntos nro to bo put up, as wo pre sume, only wlion the road is not fenced, what is meant by saying tlint tho ownor mny bo permitted to croct tlio nates at his privato oxponso ? At any rate, if a public road is needed turotigh certain private proporty, lot it bo bought and pnid for with tho public monoy nt once, as provided for by clauso 10 ; and if a landownor is permitted to erect, gates across tho public proporty, lot it bo understood that lie does so at liis own risk. If liis land is so vnluablo as to need gates, let him pay a gatekeeper. Tho public having paid his claims tlioy havo 110 further concern with thorn. Provision is mado for making alterations in tlio streets, lanes, passages, Ac., in any town, or city, by pulling down houses, Ac., dho notico being given of tlio intention of Government to mako such alterations and tlio ownors being guaranteed compensation, tlio amount of which is to bo do- cirlod, as in all casos under this bill, by arbitra tion. Clauses 25, 20, and 28, 29, 30, onnmcnito various penalties, for injuring or obstructing public roads; 31, 32, 33, threaten pains and penalties to all and sundry who shall, under pre tence of authority undor this Act, ontor upon, or trespass 011, privato property. All linos exacted from delinquents of tins description arc to ho paid as compensation to tlio owner of tho land trespassed on. It will bo soon that tlio rights of property arc jealously guarded by this provision ol'tiiis Act". Wro havo now gono through nll-tho important features of tlio hill hut one, namely, clauso 27, which empowers Government "to proclaim tracks for travelling stock through Crown lands leased or not leased." Animals deviating from such aro liable to bo impounded. We presume tlioso tracks will bo sufficiently spacious to admit of a mob of fat cattle being fed at a moderate l-ato through tlio lnnd which tlioy traverso. A few verbal amendments being mado here and thoro, and clauses 17 and 18 being erased, the bill will bo a useful measure. — Empire. Insanity. — Mary Anno Knight was brought tip nt tlio Polico Court, Guiulagai, 011 Thursday on a charge of being of unsound mind. Tho ovidonco of senior-sergeant Condoll showed that tlio unfortunate woman had boon given into his custody 011 Saturday night last, and had sinco thon been confined in the lockup. From lior general conduct and violonco I10 considered slio was a dangerous lunatic nnd unfit to ho at largo. James Knight, husband of prisoner, stated that lio was a farmer at Coonoy's Creek. Ho had observed that prisoner's manner was singular about a week beforo she was given into custody. She mado statements to a neighbour showing that her mind was allccted, and ultcrwurds Ijecamo more violent, and attempted to knock lior infant child's bond against tlio door-post. If it had not boon taken away from lior sho would lrnvo seriously injured or killed it. lie had scon prisonor overy day since she was placed in tho lockup, sho liad been at intervals very violent, and ho considered her unlit to ho nt largo. Prisoner was ordered to lind surelios for her good behaviour for three months, and in dofault was sentenced to bo imprisoned iniYass gaol for fourteen days. Thoro being threo medical men in that township steps can lliero ho taken to procure lior admis'sion to an asylum. — Times. The Wellington Caves. — The correspondent of tho IMhvrst Free Press writes : — Mr. Krell't, ol'tlio Sydney Museum, and Dr. Thomson, of tlio Sydnoy University, nro still' making progress in tlio Br. ccia Caves. Two sbal'is have been sunk to tho depth of 15 foot each, yioldiiigquantities of hones, sonic of them being tlio remains of extraordinary extinct animals : 0110 of thorn, tho jawbono of tlio " Marsupial Lion," shows somo formidable grinders ; hones of tlio "Tnsmnniau Devil," wombats, gigantic kangaroos, tortoises, Ac., liavo also been found, and many others, whoso hard -names would puzzlo tho general render. It is tho intention of Mr. Kroft and Dr. Thom son to explore tho caves atMolong b 0 for 0 return ing to Sydnoy. A Nice Distinction. — In a caso tried in tho District Court, 011 Friday morning, in which tlio rancour between tho parties — two neigh bouring but not neighbourly fanners — run some what high, tlio plaint-ifl' stated that the defendant, a widow lady, had 011 ono occasion gono down 011 her knees in his (tlio pluintill's) stockyard, and invoked tlio curses of tlio Almighty upon him and his family; "and yot," said ho, "sho laid the impudence to go into the Water Polico Court the day al'tor and sweur that sho boro mo 110 ill-will !" " Very true," replied tlio lady in question, not in the least abashed, "but wlion I said that I was thinking or your unfortunato soul, my poor mail— but not your body — not a bit of it." This definition of wluit constitutes malico in a legal point of view caused great laughter from everyone -in court.- -Empirc. Departure of His Grace the Archbishop for Rom e. — Tho Freeman's Journal of Saturday states ; — This morning his Graco tho Archbishop will take liis doparturo for Rome, to uttond tho (Ecu menical Council, which opens 011 the Sth Decem ber next. This separation wns not nllowod to tnko placo without both clcrgvand laity showing their rospoct and lovo for their beloved pastor, and 110 soonor hud his Graco mndo up his mind to undertake tlio voyage to tho Eternal City, than a subscription was put 011 loot, to onablo liiin to meet tlio heavy expenses necessarily attending a visit to Europe. Tho result of this collection, mado at a time when tlio complaint of dullness of timos was very general, showed that in tlio interest of their Church tho Catholics nro over ready to support their opinions with thoir sub scription. Nearly £700 was liandod to bis Graco last ovoning, by tho Venornblo Archdeacon Eig ne', who had been appointed treasurer to tlio fund with Mr. W. B. Dalley. O11 Thursday, tho wholo of tlio clergy of tho arclidiocqoinvitod the Archbishop toll dinner, which took jAaco at St. Mary's College, Lyiidlmrst. With tlio ex ception of Mr. Mnkinsou, liis Grace's privato secretary, tho all'uir was strictly confined to tho clergy. Friday evening was tho date fixed upon as tho tiino when tho Catholics could tunc their , I'nrowcll of liis Grace, and when the addresses wliich had been proposed were presented to liira. Tlio ceremony took placo in tlio pro- cathedral, and tlio building, largo as it is, was crowded in every part, in fact, many woro unablo to obtain admission, for no doubt to many Catholics tlio elinncos of onco moro welcoming back tlnp Arch bishop on his return to his soo appear very doubtful. Addressos wero prosontod 011 bolialf of tlio clergy by the Very Rov. S. J. Shcoliy, V.G. ; on behalf .of tho laity by Mr. Edward Butler, Crown Prosocutor; and by Mr. Rubio, as Wurdon of Guild of St. Mary and St. Joseph. The Divining Rod. — Tho latest on this snbjocfc is tho following from a correspondent of tho Dcniliquin Chronicle: — The present proprietor of Pullitop, taking advantago of tho divining faculty of a friend, intends sinking n legitimate well in a spot pointed out by tho inlalliblo rod. 'This friend formed ono of tlio party, nnd for tho first tiino wo had tho ploasure of witnessing tho interesting procoss of divination. Holding a forked stiok upright with both hands, tho diviner, a strong muscular man, advanced slowly. Sud denly, in spite of his utmost olforts to provont it, tho stick hogan to descond. I11 vain tho strong hands graspod tho prongs, until tho strained muscles stood out liko cords. Down tho stick wont, until it pointed eurtliwnrds instond of henvonwnrds, nud whoro it pointod, thoro, sure on':ii'.;!i, it' scarcely roquiroil ft divining power to toll us water would bo found. "WlmtoVoi' may bo thought of tho virtuo of the rod, thoro could bo no question -on this occasion of tho porfeot good faith of its holder, and lost it may bo thought that it required no poculiar power to indicato wator whoro thoro was palpably nny quantity of it, I may add that tho gontlornan in question statos that ho has provod his power in tlio back country under most improbablo circnm- stancos, and disoovornd water that proved a per fect godsond to his (locks, whoro no 0110 would have dreamed thcro was a drop. A Gundagai Ghost. — Apparitions have recently been announced to liavo appoarod at Lutnbing Flat and at Port Macquaric, and tho Tines thus chronicles tho last spoctre, this time in tho neighbourhood of Gundagai : — Wo regret to stato that tho bunyip that usod to livo in a pool in tho Murrnmbidgoe, noar Gundagai, seoms to liavo quittod his old quartors ; but wo learn that a ghost has conio to dwoll amongst us, possibly as componsEtion for tho abovo loss. Wo cannot as yet indicato tho spectre's rosidonco, if it has ono ; but tho culvort familiarly termed Bonnctt's Folly, on tho sidling of Mount Parnassus, sooms ono of its haunts, ns wo liavo boon informed that on Sunday ovoning last a gontloinan residont in our locality who was riding past this spot was thoro confronted by tho supernatural visitant. It roso apparently from under tho culvort, tall, shadowy, and with a livid, phosphoric light playing about it, such as a bad fish hung in a dark plneo exhibits. As tho shnpo approached tho startlod stood reared, and tho rider's hair stood on an ond ; but tho apparution soomcd to pass undor tho horso, and disnppoarod with a faint hollow sound, like a distant dying groan. Wo ncod not say that tho horsotnan mndo rtH haste to quit tho spot; but wo may add that anothor party avors that lie has scon this spcctro in tho samo placo, that it passod him by liko a flash of (iio, and that he thought his whiskers wero singod o(l' by it. So far this is satisfactory ; ovory place ought to bo cclobratoil for somothing, and a well authenticated local ghost would add considerably to our township's roputation. N All row escape fiioji .drowning at young. — It has beon raining every day during the week, with tho exception of Monday and Friday, and it camo down in torrents. In our last wo stated that all tho dams were full, but it appears that about tho timo of our going to press ono or two of thorn woro empty, tho great quantity of rain having caused them to give away. Thcro wns also o> narrow oseapo from drowning of tho wife of Mr. Davis, who lives on tho bank of tho Main Crook. His Ijouso and contents woro litorally washed away, and his wil'o, who got through tho roof as tho houso wns being taken by tho flood, was loft in imminent dungor in atroo on tho bank of tho crcok, up which sho succocded in climbing with a child in her arms. The water in tho crook and on its bank being vory deep, and tho current strong, no ono could rondor hor any assistance for somo timo. Sho owes hor lifo and that of tho child to hor courage, and groat credit is duo to hor for tho way in which she actod when placed in so perilous a position. — Burrangong Argus. Diamonds . in the Hunter. — Tho Maitlawl Mcrcur g of Wednesday states that thero is now boing exhibited in tho window of Mr. F. Curroy's establishment, Iligh-stroot, and attracting a considorablo amount of attention, a.stono pur porting to bo a veritable diamond, and which was recently found on tho river, bank, noar tho now bridge, by a gontloinan woll known in Maitland. This diamond — if a diamond it bo — is somewhat liko an ogg in shape, though slightly Hattoned, its size is about that of an ordinary Barcelona nut. Its surfaco is much water- worn, and consequently rathor opaque, but on handling tho stono tho play of light, charac teristic of real gems, is to bo obsorved. It weighs oxactly ton carats, showing thnt it pos sesses great specific gravity — anothor distin guishing mark of true diamonds. Without venturing to assort that this stono is really valuablo, wo may safely say that thoro aro moro probabilities in "its favour than thero woro for tho recently famous " grout Townsond diamond." This is not tho first diamond wo liavo heard of as having beon found in tho Hunter. Somo yoars ago a gontlouiun'in town found among tho gravel on tho path in his garden, which bad rocontly been brought from tho rivor-sido, a stono vory similar in appoaranco to tho ono abovo montioncd, but smallor, which a Syduoy jowcllor pronounced to bo really a diamond. The Ticiiiiorne' Baronetcy. — Tho Australian claimant of tho Tiohborno baronetcy sooms to bo on tho winning side, aocording to tho Anclovcr. Advertiser, which has tho following : — " Wo understand on tho host authority that this ex traordinary and romantic case is now completo in all its details, and that tho claimant and his numorous friends aro only waiting tho roturning of the Australian commission to go into court and provo him tho righful hoir. Wo boliovo thnt tho vessel which picked up Sir Itogor at sea oil' Itio Janoiro, and took him into Molbourno harbour, has been discovered, and that tho mnto of tho ship admits a clour recollection of having handod tho baronot over tho vossel in an ex hausted condition. Tho claimant has boon identified by nonrly ovory oflicor, non-com- missionod oflicor, andprivnto in his old rogiraont, tho 6th Dragoon Guards; who liavo soon and conversed with him. Twelve county magistrates luivo sworn to his identity, in addition to the sworn ovidonco of his mother, nnd that of tlireo of his cousins. Ho also holds tho sworn ovidonco of '200 of liis formor friends, tonants, and servants. Thoso opposed to him assort that ho is a sailor of tho namo of Arthur Orton, but wo understand that such an allogatiou is wholly unfoundod. It cannot bo long beforo the commission roturns, and this siugular caso will thon bo brought to an issuo." STicKiNG-ur. — Tho '1'amworth Examiner statos that a hawkor, named Gordon, roportod to tho polico that ho was robbod by two armed bush- rungers on tho Moiii. Thoy aro said to liavo bailed up Gordon and his mnto, aiid to havo taken £10 in cash from thorn.- Ono of tho robbors is roportod to havo ordorod tho hawkor and his mato into tho scrub whilo tlio othor ransacked tho dray, from which ho took a quantity of cloth ing, and thon burnod tho dray with tho romaindor of tho property. About £150 in choquos and notos woro conooalod in tho body of tho dray, but Gordon cannot say whothor thoso woro takon or burnod. No description has boongivon ofthom. Ho ostimatos his lb&) at about £500. Hollo way's Pill. — In tho complaints peculiar to fomalos thoso pills aro unrivalled. Thoir uso by tho fair sox lias bccomo so constant for tho removal of thoir ailments thnt barely a toilot is without them. Amongst all classes, from tho domestic sorvnni to tho poeress, universal favour is accorded to thoso ronovatitig pills : thoir invi gorating and purifying proportios rondor thorn safo and invuluabio in all ensos ; thoy may be takon by fomalos of all ages for any disorganisation or irrogularity of tho system, speedily romoving tho cause and restoring tho sufibror to robust health. As a family modicino thoy aro invaluable for subduing tho maludios of young and old. 