ELEOIIONEEEINO ABBANOEMEHTS - To-day tho pc for thc elootorateof Wollombi trill oe taken, an at Goulburn, the Patterson, the Hunter, Weat Ma quarie, the Upper Hunter, Mudgee, and Argyle, norn nation meetiugs will be hold. On Tueiday (to-morrov the poll will be tasen at Eden, Shoalhaven, IllawoTi Kiama, Camden, and the Nepean, The nominatioi takes plaoe for the Lower Hunter. The nomiaatiar for East Maitland, Narellan, tho Hawkesbury, S Leonards, the Hame, New England, the Murra; Balranald, andtho Gold Fields South, West, and Nortl take plaoe on Wednesday, On Thursday nomination will bo received at Morpeth, Parramatta, and Tenter fltld ; on Friday, at West Maitland and Carcoar, an: on Saturday, at Bast Macquarie and Hartley, THE HONORABLE CHABLIS CowrEB ARD Mr JAMES OSBORNE.-Tne following telegram, rcooivo by Mr. James Osborne, from tho Honorable Charlo Cowper, in reference to the mention mado of Mr Cowper's name in advertisements in the Illawarn Mercury of Tuesday last, in ounnootion with th nomination for the eleotorato of Illawarra: "Sydney 11.80 a.m., Deoember Otb, 1800.-I will not sit fo Illawarra; my name is used only to endeavour ti defeat !you.-CHABLBS Cowrsn. James Osborne, Esq., 'Wollongong." BBAIDWOOI/ NoinSATiow.-At the nomination foi Braidwood on Wednesday last, fonr oandidates wen proposed, viz,:-Mr. il. W. Kelly, by Messrs. I. J Elberta and Jesoph Taylor; Mr, G. TJ. Alley, t>: Messrs. Watt and Lonergan ; Dr. Beer, by Messrs Mao'lonald and Franois ; Mr. E Greville, by Messrs W. J. Bonniton, J.P., and H. Downer. The show o: .hands was ia favour of Mr. Kelly, and a poll wa demanded. Those who brought ont Dr. Alley are likol; to transfer their votes to Mr. Greville, in whioh oasi the latter gentleman will most probably bo tho BUCOBSS ful candidate.-Goulburn Herald. Tnn (JOVEBNÜBHT BENOHIS.-THE Sins OF PBO OBSSB -At a meeting of the eleotors of tbs Clarence holden at Grafton on Friday week, Mr. T. Bawden who has sinon boon returned as member for the eleotorato, waa interrogated by a leoturor (Mr. F. G Orouoh) as to whioh aid» of the House he woulc ahoose to sit on if returned. Mr. Bawden said hit address, whioh ho had read to them, would show on whioh side he would take his seat-it was on the sid< of progress. (Laughter.) Mr. F. G. Orouoh oon> sidered that was no answer to his question, as all thc candidates in their addresses statod that they were on the side of progrtss. Mr. T. Bawden: He won ld take his seat on the Government side; by that he did not mean tobe like the Vicar of Bray, and sit with whatsvor G over nent might be in cflico, but he meant with the present Government Mr. W. Sonlblon: Would Mr. Bawden, if returned, help to bury the Kiama ghost? Mr. Bawden: Ho considered tte Kiama ghost pretty well burled already, NORTUDMBBBLAND ELECTION.-The polling for Northumberland commenced at an early hour yester- day morning, and the committees of each candidate oontinued their efforts with unabated earnestness until the oloseof the poll, and the people's maa was returned by a majority that astonished both frlonds and oppo- nents, viv., 8S0. There were six candidates in the Held, and the result his provod the intolllgonco and discernment of the electors of Northumberland. Dr. Brookes has boen well known to many of them for years,, and ho has had many enemies, but on this oo-aiion friend and foe united to secure his return; and I hayo no doubt they will find he ls no oypher in the Hou89 of Aesombly. Whatever claims the electorate ha? agninBt the Uovornment of the day, if suoh are put before him in a proper manner, they may depend it will no*, bo his fault if they ara not speodily attended it D. Buchanan waa brought up here by a faotion whs ware galled at the defeat they received in tho city. They wanted to make a tool of David-on aocount of his supposed popularity among the miners .to seoure tho return of their nominee against Dr. Brooks; but tho miners saw through it, and on bi) first appearance among them they aEsomblod some- thing like fl«o hundred strong, and gave him a very warm, but by no means flittering, rooeption, as stones, brioks, sad rotten eggs flew in all directions, until both him and his friends had to retire from the Hold, arriving at Nenoaetlo late in tbs evening. They left by Bteamtr next morning, amidst tho' groans of tho assembled people. I should advise him if he .wishes to aomo this way again to como on his own hook, and not as tho tool of a faotion -Correspondent, Tnn GEHIBAI. ELEOTIOCT.-Mr. Hart has been solicited by th« free eeleotors of Monaro to undertake j tho representation of that distriot in the new Aisombly. The friends of Mr. W. B, Oampbell have invited that gentleman to stand for Central Cumberland. Similar ovorturot have been made to him from the eleotors of Canterbury, as also fiom the elootors of Morpeth, and theso offers ars now under consideration. It will be seen by announcement in another column that Mr. M. 0, Stephen ia In th« field for Canterbury. COUBT o* QoAHTB» SESSIONS.-Tho Court of Quarter Sessions will sit at Darlinghurst this' forenoon, at 10 o'olook. Bia Honor Mr. Distriot Court Judge Dowling will preside, aa'chairman. Tho following ls a , list of criminal oases for trial : ¡-Thomas Sheahan, larceny ;: James Johnson, stealing from tho'persoa; Thomas Jours, s' ealing from the, person ¡. Riobard Atohoson, larceny ¡ John William- Payne, obtaining money by falsa pretences! John'William Payne, s telling; George' Thomas, stealing ;1 Kate Brown, stealing ; ! George Brown, stealing ¡ Boee M'Dermdtt, stealing - from the person Qoorge George, laroeny ; Mary Lovedale, alias Griffiths, larceny j Patrick Larkins and: Martin Johoion, larceny ;*P*triok Scardon, larceny; Elisabeth Kiobards,laroeny. ' ' « . ?:.,,, '-; ? .' Fia«-At about a'.quarior to 1 this' morninga Ure ..broke''out In .the promisos'adjoining.;tho Montpelier Hotel, in Klng-ttroet 'Tho ongino of No. 2 Company' .was spo«dlly,at tho ,scene, ot' notion, .but'through tho: .endeavours of Masses, Oamb and Bown the fire'was quickly got under by the uso of tho hydrants, ' Very, little damage was done, ' ' , - . ¡Ar,ABU OF Finit,-About 1 o'olook on Saturday, 'tho; Uro bell rang out an.alarm, it being reported' thai ' Moitoan:Hoaee, iq King-stro^t, Utely in the occupation of MeBBra Fabov and Op., waa on flae. The manual cit Ño 3 Company was soon gue out, BOC on arrival it was :found that its sirvloes ware not required. It appears that the parties who had bought tho fixtures ot auotion wore removing thom, and some men with a light were disconnecting the gos pipes'from th« meter, when the gas whioh had not been turned off. ignited,. The difficulty was, .soon obviated, and no damage wai sustained, ¡ . , >..)j('1 .,, .; '- ?:'/ 1 ". Á man','named Henry Hoffman,"ona bf tho orsW of. the Jessie Kelly, schooner,' from) Clarónos Bivor to Mslbourno, fell on deck from the main rigging, on the paissgs, and got severely bruised. ..ult Is supposed . that ho hsValso sustained savars-inttiaal injuries by tts falk .<"'": . '?. '.' ¡- ''-V.'- ..'..?.> 