OUR LONDON LETTERS. ' LONDON, Jan. 29, 1809. The most noticeableo domestio feature of the day is the onso of Overend,,Gurrey, and Co., and probably when we have heard the whole of it, as wo are to'do presently before a criminal codrt, it will prove one of the most extraordinary in our commercial records. It seems but as yesterday when this firm over topped all others in reputation, means, and connections in London and the world. The tnthahhhllrI.. tat?l. ,-h.n ..r.,nt ...-?, -- L-w^,^r few others, but thie name of Gurney with all its adjuncts seemed overshadowing.. Only the day before yesterday the chief of these Gur. neys, together with four others all lately of high positonp here, who compraerd the diroo tory of the nte " Overeud, Garney, and Co., limited," were solemnly committed for public trial on a charge of fraud I At the depatturq of last mail this result was not unexpected. Already these directors were to be proceeded against by the liquidators on behalf of the aihareholders for all the losses incurred; ind the large property left by one of'these direc tors, Mr. Gibb, who died last year, haa been attached until this qutestion be decided.. This latter affair, however, is bat's civil irocess, the former is criminal, and will give us in duo time a case to coniina'id the profoundest in torest, "involving as' it does such thuge com moroial operations, and resnlting in sunh esd don, unexpeoted, and widespread ruin. * There ie a good deal of loose 'popular idea on the precise question of legal fraud involved here. The following is, as 'a lawyer would day, a "brief" of the case. tDuring 'the Limited Company mania' of 1802.0, Overende had of course been thought of, and isany, a sobemort hbd' thought what a castle could ie hbuilt up on sech. a basist. 'Few, however, would dream that such a business wonld ever be " given iop to the publio good" byconver. elon into a'limited Company, .They`.wer invited, however, early in 1804, and.dellined, but about fifteen months after they, agreed, noid' we now knoir pretty well wity. When the outside mtn bame into the new Company and read the actual state of affairs, doubtless tlioy weroe startled. But they seoor to have trusted, as well as known, what they were going into. The Gurnoys, admitted that their business in London for 'six years past,had entangled them 'with a variety of doubtful acoounts, comprising a total of terrible pro. plortiqns; but that, estimating' this mass at what it seemed worth at the time, thoey had ample security to offer in their own, private ,property. There appeared to beiwell on for three quarters of a-million-surplus,-crediting, however, the half million to the old firm for good-will. The estimates were probably, fair at the time--a.very inflated time it.was, but the' oulisinating crisis of the next year, :1806,.. blew it all to" shreds:' -The? " pahot was a suspension off the new company 'after only ten monthstoperations.o At this 'date, the memorable lth May, 1860, the"old firm weeDr.in the hooks of the new to the amount t of '£2,900,000,' with but littlo'of anesetbs to roalise for that sum; while the latter, lapsing, doubtless, into muooh of the oldetraok, had 'made, as sinee apponrs, losses of £1,300,000, against a net profit'f about' 1,400 I' Herb I was apparedtly a very reckless procedure, and of certainly every bad bargain, but it is for I neither one nor the otlher that the parties are I to be tried;..Th'e fraud consists 'in putting l forth a prospectus which concealed the actual I truth from the public. The :slhareholders say I with justice that they would never have taken the stock. bad Ithey, known" the, whole case. e Nay, es effectual was the concealment, that the I shares,.£50 liability and £15 paid, ran up to £9 premium just shortly before the smash, so thatmany are in the aggravated position of 1 having paid a largeo premium on their :ruinous holding. Doubtless this is not one of. those t cases of gross criminality where' motive, inton. a tion, and all else have but one sordid aith. Nevertheless we can discern in the actual air. I cumstances a very grave moril,i aanswell: as a legal issue. The Lord. Mayor and his bench could do no less than commit the case to the t judicials arena 'anod a jury,' anadthi daod. oil don ,was haisled' by the applause olf l the vast llstening crowd. Of course the par- or ties wero 'admitted to 4n6l.1 When csalled upon to speak.their i remarks, protesting their innqpnce and denying all intention of fraud, were received "fauourahly by the same public. One onnnot 'holp fooeelig fur these mel, al. though a terrible havoo hnas'ireittd from their Illegal procodar,; and if, on the fair trial they assuredly will have, they can pass the at ordeal of their country's laws, we may con gratulate them both on their own escape and on the wholesome soverity of a lesson which I will prevent them and others from re-attempt- aP iog such operations. In foreign affairs, the Turao-Greek question seems now .about to subs:de into' peace for. t Europe, and we count on European peacetill "' Ruossia hasoompleted. her through, railway a system. ;...Turkey may then, as,the phrase is, it "look; out,! :but ae, thot subject .does not threaten us for three or four years tocome, the a vistae too, far iofFtto, disturb .preaent .enjoy m ont, . • r-- " W , . . In' home. ,laire the oommorpial' are, not c more absorbing than the ecclosinstioal.: Be.: tween" the..Irish Church question and thet Ritualist;question we, have enough to do to P keep pace with our duty. 'In the latter case the spirit of the- party has been. aroused by the lato jndicial'cqidomnation., They have, as it were, flared their anti.piotestantism in 'the face of the English publio, 'partionlarly with their 'dogma of ''the'Real Presence.' I shall] therefore,'say a few..wotds on-.. z ." ? ? It. TUALIu UNDNER snSfTBNaB. .i A' fortnight ago' we had a letter: of- the length of a newspaper column 'from Mr. Mlakoeochio upon' the position' and views, the feelings and wishes ot his eeotion' of the Church, or at any rate of himself, as perhaps in some ineitances'thtso views,; &e.;, more cor" rectly are, wheno beso' urgently entreats for separation from' thatsaort:,of Man of Sin the moderb; easy, tolerant, common.parent notion of a State profanoly embracing all its children alike;' wbothlerthey be of Mr. Macko. norhie's own true Church Catholic, 'or mere Unitarians, Presbyterians, or Infidels of the outer world. Of the rev. gentleman's earnest piety and sincerity, after his own stamp, no one oandoubt. What one doubts of is the logical qualities of sunch minds. In the first place he is profoundly scandalized by the 'intervention of the lay element in the ecclesiastical tribunals, averring that it is not versed in religious questions and cannot, therefore, be expected to give satisfactory decisions, and that in point of fact the late decision is not consonant with true Church of England teaching. They most, he says,'eject this lay. element, and' this is bnly to be done by renouncing the assooia tioed with the State-a State no longer even pretending,-as it once might ressonably have done,tohave the Churoh ooestensive with itself, but inoinding in. its legislature the Jew.and the Gentile, the Churchman and the Dissenter, muchl as though one were just as good. in the eight of God as another. But, again, as though he saw . the small .black iloud on the o:horison, and would dispel it att its very birth, they must, he says, come out entire-no secessions, no breaking up of the divine confederation which has been trans t mitted to us from- Christ himself., And yet in the same letter Mr. Mackonochie npdaks of having had to endure " the Gorbhm decision," t throuah the fotters'or te iState.' Of odurs, with these fetters ouf It would not be endured, Inor'tth Essays and Reviews decision, nor any other conflicting with ritualistio views. Hero is a nice prospect .ofa peaceful kingdom of Christ in his Church in England. Although neither the Gorham (or Evangelical) nor the Ritualistio party in the Church of England is even a large minority, yet the former is decidedly strongerthan the latter, and, more over, regards its adversary with a degree of devout, abhorrence that is equalled only by the abhorrence with, which its adversary re. cards it. The Evangelicals make no. secret that one ofttho consolatory blessings of dis establishment, if it should befall- them, would ba the power the-Church.would have of rid. ding itself, of the' Ritualists. Now, it seems evident 'that, alidst diversities of mind and Protestant' freedom of . thought, it is only the lay element that holds the three or four sec tions 'of the 'Church of 'England together. Each section would, inmost of the ever recur. ring. ases and diflculties, -interpret the law of the Church differently, because they would interpret the Church's written 'documents under the blas of 'religious prepossessions; whereas the judicial impartiality of-the lay element is most likely, to arrive at the actual truth, in so fsr,'at least,' as it can be arrived at, albeit most likely not one of the seotions of the Church would be satisfied. Although not mysolt a member of this church I confess to boin'g an admirer, of this 'inclusive system-' this broad and tolerant church thus made and held together by the lay element . A perusal of the Gospel can only result in the assurance that Christ would have 'extended an equally cordial hand to'the good men of all the see. 'tions.: 'rWhy, therefore, eiould they not, as long 'as'it be' pb~sihle, hold 'ogether. as one Churolh P But I fear that if'tho State 'were to be'eliminated,'and 'with' it :thd tempering and 'controlling' lay olement, theo'presont Church of England would become a mass of debris:'as soon as the various sections felt themselves at libierty to fly at one another, t " , OOLoNIAL ToPIe.,, "Thu roposeed dienhet t'MPi'izherbert, of New Zealand, ef WhiohTI tl~ik ..I roai youisa iqil or two baokbaenre off' a daycor two isgo, just pridor to hies dpartnro'by thiV"'miail. He ictended, like a patriotio coloniit, to rethrn by -New 'Zealand's own "nail, vi? Padaiim, on 2nd proximo, but that service, which' had already pxihibited' tritering symptoms, has now given up the ghost. The dinner'was a great euaccss, comprising nearly150 persons, many of thb~m'bldcolenieals of positidin is'both New Zbaliid rind Australia. Theo prinoipn'guest, rpi't:from the gueoet' of the evening, was Lo'rd 'Grd'ivile, our Seoiretary for tho Colonies-- a frnink:ploiesant, old English gentleman sort of pOreonage,' who made a 'ery good spedobh I and'.e at' i out 'to tho end -after' II hnd " made'"" 'off i'u.t' ny rate.. Thi eiorthy gdest of the evecnlng" made us i terri bly long and dry oration, wlich,' however, 'wci har to exnuse as being addressed rather, to I the reporters than the audience.' They (the reep'rtors) 'have nst, hbwovor; after all, done bis cipiousnese muchjustice. One point he I seemed to hIave at heart-was that in case this f outbreak, or other causee, should oblige hi, olony to'borrow more money, thle Imperial I Goverhment would interpose its guerantiee, so thiat 3) or 4 per cent. 'of interest might be Ii sunbstituted for 5cor 6 per cent. The canse .is ti special, and has some claim.: Butob we mjy n bhpe that :the present Maorl; outbreak' wilre soon hbo subdued, na:'th'e Government hadl i reoved onl.ay thatd a ~ elegram from rice' New Zealand authoritiee of'. very favocable y o inraotar,° tbh" rendIng `Of. whiahb, by Lord aranvillo, givo'aa exhliratlug varlotyto tho oanirtaldmaat.:\, ; ( ý1 