THE CATHOLIC TRUTH SOCIETY. This Society has done well to take its name from its end, not its means. Its end is to reach the masses of the English people, for at present we do not so much as touch them with our little finger. The less educated multitudes of our countrymen do not know enough or care enough about us even to hate us; better perchance if they did, for the hated are mostly heard. We are not felt among them; Catholicity does not give them better wages, nor shut up their beerhouses, nor force them to church on Sunday; and that which touches not the pocket or the pleasure is unreal and of little moment. So we live to them in Dreamland; and tales about us rank with ghost-stories. We are indeed things to be hated still, did we exist with any life that could be felt; once we were wild beasts in England, till we were rooted out, as King Edgar hunted out the wolves; but now we have had our teeth drawn, and may go about andbelookedat as harmless curiosities, strange living antiquities, relics of bygone times, like the coats of armour in the Tower. They would not interfere with us, why should they? If we choose to worship images and like the smell of incense, we do not interfere with them, and they would have every man enjoy his own diversion. Such a state of feeling is not unfriendly, but it is more difficult to touch than the bitterest hostility. When men are earnest enough to fight about Religion, some few of the earnest ones will sift things, and struggle their way to Truth. Our masses now believe all they hear about us because it gives them the least trouble. Inquiry is not worth the while, and they feel warmer and more content under the comfortable blanket of misbelief which has lain upon them so long, rich with the gathered dirt of 300 years. The upper and more cultured classes feel our influence, and are drawn towards us; but the promoters of the Truth Society are not content with this ; they would go down into the deepest depths, and stir the stagnant waters, like the benificent angel of the pool; they would try and kill the long-lived false hoods about our faith, which possess the ears and hearts of our people as easily as the proverb or the nursery rhyme. About the goodness of this end all Catholics will agree, whatever may be said of the means. For the means are—and we shudder to write it—Tracts. Veil it as you will, call them papers, fly-leaves, or other sweetersmelling name, the thing is nevertheless a tract, and tracts have come to be counted, thanks to the bad use made of them, as the very vermin of literature. Like the insects of the plagues of Egypt, they arc found everywhere. If you travel, you are comforted with the Scripture texts hung tract-wise in railway waiting-rooms; as ,you linger on the platform, a sweet smile from a benevolent old lady invites you to " road that little book;" when you enter the carriage, a fellowtraveller fastens himself to you like a burr, and having softly inquired it' you can " show him the road to heaven," or demanded before the whole company your " experience" and proofs of your " conversion,' leaves you, prostrate and exhausted, with the blessing of a tract; mount on an omnibus, and you will find one deposited on the seat by the gentleman who got down before you; take a cait», and they come flying in at the windows. They pursue you even to the sanctuary of home; and tracts on the doorstep as you go out; tracts flung down the area; tracts by the post, with letters on your breakfast-table; tracts given to your children in the streets; nay, we aver most solemnly that we have with our own eyes seen " Forty Plain Reasons for not being a Dissenter" pinned to the tails of shirts hung out to dry. It is a bold act in the Truth Society to adopt a mode of warfare which sensible men connect so frequently with the pretence rather than the reality of religion. Bold as it is, we believe it to be right. For the classes which the Society desires to reach do not shudder at a tract; to them everything is true, if it be printed; every piece of * -print is a book; and every book is a prize. " They are fond of reading " they will tell you; fond at least of proving they can read; for what the reading is thev do not seem much to care. So far as we have been able to notice, Protestant tracts are for the most part re ceived respectfully, and if they do but little for morality or religion, they are powerful in keeping up the mischievous old delusions about ourselves. The good old lies are furbished up over and over again out of such armouries of falsehood as Foxe's Book of Martyrs, and are received at every cottage hearth with an acceptance refused in these times even to the Gospels; Flight of arrows from the enemy so persistent and so multi tudinous seems to leave no choice: to oppose tract to tract is a necessity, unless we would leave the minds of our countrymen to be stung to death by these Lilliputian darts. But the work of the Society seems to rest upon higher ground. To reject a weapon in religious warfare, simply because it was invented by the enemy; is not, certainly, according to the ordinary wisdom of the Church in converting the nations; but, in the present case, we should deny that the tract was invented by the enemy, or, at all events, that it did not fully harmonise with Catholic instincts. For the press, in its highest use, is but a huge sounding- board to the Pulpit, whereby the voice of Truth may be heard, not by scores, but by millions, all round, the world ; and not only sound to the good in the Church, but he carried to the careless and sleepy by their own fireside. As such, Popes and Bishops have blessed it, and sped it upon its work. The tract, then, is the modern form of the popular sermon, such as can still be heard abroad iu the piazza or the marketplace. To many, a better and more useful form. He who cannot stop to hear the roadside sermon, can carry the tract away for the leisure hour, and he who would be ashamed to creep into the Catholic Church, Nicodemus-like, even at night, can pocket his tract without a blush, and think over its homcBopathic dose of truth quietly in his own room. For ourselves, we think the Society's work so useful, that we propose to resume our remarks upon it shortly. Meanwhile, we heartily wish it God speed.—Tablet. 