THE CAPE GOLD-FIELDS. The following letter appeared in a late Mount Alexander Mail from a miner who left Castle '' inaine for the new El Dorado| "Natal; December 16,1868, j " I arrived here on the 12th inst. I told you in my last that Mauritius was dreadfully un healthy. Three of our party were laid up with, the fever. I fortunately escaped. "We ■were detained a few days in consequence, bqt it matters but little. I am sorry to say, for to our great disgust we found that nearly all the .reports we had heard regarding the gold nelds were d; d lies The so-called diggings liave been worked by 14 men for twelve months, 1 '* ' during which time they have only knocked out some 3 oz. of gold—distance cer ainly lends enchantment to the view—for few here appear ; to* know anything {about the- diggings.. One large merchant of this plane has evidently twen the caase of circulating so many fal-e reports. He showed us some quartz from which he said he could get 60 oz. to the ton, which,I am sure would not go a pennyweight. I think the fellow must be , cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after poinding and washing a dishful of the most likely looking stone, we failed to discover' the ghost of a speck, nor could we find.a single color on any of the lot he h id.. If ever a,fellow deserved lynchinghecertainlydofs. and! should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the i pinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia; at any rate nothing like has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that ,an English prospecting party foimed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was ex pected to airive in the course of a few days, | so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distance up country. Quite a Bourke and "Wills affair. No provisions the last 400 miles. No chance of swagging it here. It will cost £40 per man for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, provi sions', &c.;, consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors ! make their appearance, and then try and join with them. In. for a penny in for a pound ; we are come so far and are bent on seeing a little of the country, but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over.. You could not get any one to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, -but- Thave not been ahle to drop in with them. Again I say stay where you are. You re member Mount Hope rush or Mount Hoax, as , it was called. There is a good ileal of ditto about this affair, something not quite tba pure merino. By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but it wouldn't wash. , 1 he Kaffirs work for next to nothing, 12s, per month, and two feeds of sweet potatoes a day; and as for living being so very cheap, you can live as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing I have seen as yet—3d. for thirty peaches and the same amount for ten melons. ... I will write as soon as ever I get a chance of doing so. I *■ ish I was back in Guilford again; catch me. coming on a wild goose chase again, that's all. —Yours, &c.;, HARRY WAY. 