FIRST COMMUNION AND CONFIRMA- TION AT NEWTOWN. On Sunday last the two imposing ceremonies of First Communion and Confirmation were ad- ministered in St. Joseph's Church, Newtown. As we stated in our last issue the respected pas- tor Father Garavel, had been busy during the several weeks past in preparing the children to receive worthily the sacraments. The district being an extensive one he had to attend at stated times at Cook's River and Rockey Point in order that the children of those localities who had not the advantages of the instruction of the nuns should be equally prepared with their friends at Newtown. It was a most fitting occasion for Father Garavel, on the last Sunday of his minis- tration in Newtown, to present to his Grace the Archbishop so many children to receive, at his hands, the sacrament of confirmation. The con- trast when he first officiated in a small wooden building in Camperdown to a small congrega- tion, and Sunday last, when the Holy Sacri- fice of the Mass was offered up in a magnifi- cent structure, second to none in Sydney, for beauty, and before a crowded congregation, was very great and gave a good idea of the great work accomplished by Father Gara- vel during the short space of five years. The ceremonies of Sunday last commenced at eight o'clock by his Grace celebrating Mass. Before this hour the children had been assembling in the school room, and under the direction of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd and the members of the Christian Confraternity were marched into the church. The sight within the sacred building was truly edifying: the girls, all dressed in white, occupied the centre benches; while the boys, neatly attired, were ranged on seats on the Gospel side. During the Mass his Grace was attended by Father Garavel, and Father Colletti knelt at the altar steps, and recited aloud the prayers before Communion. When the moment came for the children to receive, they approached the rails two by two, — the girls first, and the boys next — and after them the members of the congregation. When Mass was celebrated, Father Colletti read the prayers after Communion. This being finished, the children were marched back to the school room, where a splendid breakfast had been prepared for them, and the custom is never to allow them to separate between the time of making this first commu- nion, and receiving confirmation. A little before eleven a procession was again formed, and while singing a hymn the children returned to their seats in the church. His Grace having assumed the cope, mitre and crozier the "missa cantata" commenced, the celebrant being Father Garavel. The choir was increased for the occasion, and under the able leadership of Mr. Downy, the musical portion of the service was admirably performed. Mass having concluded, his Grace took his seat in front of the altar, and having recited the customary prayers proceeded to ad- dress the candidates for confirmation. He re- minded them that it was the sacrament of con- firmation which was spoken of in the Holy Scriptures where they read in the 8th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles that when the Sama- ritans had received the word of God and been baptised by Phillip the deacon, Peter and John were sent from Jerusalem to lay their hands upon them, in order that they might receive the Holy Ghost. The apostles had received this sacrament on the feast of Pentecost after having been ten days in retirement in the temple of God, spending the time in prayer and contemplation, when the Holy Ghost descended upon them in the form of fiery tongues. Now that same Holy Spirit which descended upon the Apostle was about to come down upon them, and would produce the same happy results if their souls were worthily pre- pared. Of this there could be no doubt, for they had spent the last few days in retirement, had received the Sacrament of Penance, and that morning they had partaken of the Sacred Body of Jesus Christ. His Grace then proceeded to explain the many ceremonies used in administer- ing Confirmation. These were as simple as in the other Sacraments. He would place his hands over them and make the sign of the Cross upon their foreheads with his holy chrism. By these emblems they were instructed to consider themselves as the soldiers of Jesus Christ. All their thoughts, actions, and words must be worthy of their faith. Besides becoming the soldiers of Jesus Christ, they would be the vessels in which the Holy Ghost would take up his abode, and hence their souls must be kept pure and clear. The last portion of the cere- mony would be the giving a slight blow upon the cheek, to show that they must bear with patience all the difficulties and persecutions which they may have to encounter during the course of their lives. His Grace having concluded a most instructive discourse, delivered in language suited to his youthful hearers, proceeded to confirm the can- didates as they approached and knelt by twos before him. This having concluded the Arch- bishop again addressed the children. He told them that they were now enrolled as soldiers of their Crucified Redeemer, their lives must be henceforth more in keeping with their character, they were the consecrated temple of Jesus, the divine spirit had descended and enriched them with sevenfold gifts so that the effects of sin would be combatted by the graces they had received. They must cherish and guard these and the same means which enabled them to obtain them, would allow them to preserve them. Besides the graces usually obtained in this Sacrament they have had im- pressed upon their souls a sacred sign or charac ter which would remain for all eternity. The graces they could, unfortunately, lose, but the mark or character could never be effaced. He exhorted them to continue faithful to the good resolutions which they had that day made They must not trust to themselves, but must make use of the two means given them — prayer, and the frequentation of the Sacraments. They must never forget, morning and evening, to say their prayers, an even daring the day they could raise their thoughts to God in a few pious ejaculations. They must be punctual in attend- ing Mass on Sundays, and approach frequently to Holy Communion. Many had that day, for the first time, approached the table of the Lord, and he would recommend them to do so again the first week in September. He concluded by warning them not to fall away from becoming the constituted temples of the Holy Ghost which they had become that day. The ceremony being concluded, the children were allowed to depart with their friends until the time of Vespers. Before Vespers, most of the children had again assembled in the church, where medals were distributed to them by his Grace the Archbishop, who addressed them a few words, exhorting them to habits of sobriety, and he engaged them to enrol themselves in his band as total abstainers until they arrived at the age of twenty-one. This is a custom introduced many years ago by his Grace the Archbishop, and we are informed that it has proved very successful. This being over, his Grace officiated at Vesper, and gave pontifical benediction, with which the services of the day were concluded. 