MR. ISAACS' ATTACK UPON rMR. FORSIER. With .reference to the many charges made against the late Government/he (Mr.Isaacs) considered that they never ought to have been made. He. particularly censured the scandalous matiner in which the hon. Minister for Lands (Mr. Forster) had attaoked'the late Government^ styling them " traffickers" and " plunderers of the public." • The lion, member had no right thus to attaok gentlemen with whom the hon. member could not bear comparison in any respect. (Hear hear.). Take him physically. The hon. member reminded him of Baahieigh Osbaldistone, of whom Sir Walter Soott said. that, nature stamped a warning upon.his.couptenanee, as she had given to the^ rattlesn&ko;'a rattle," to shew||hat there was something dangerous about him. (Hear, hear.) The'hon. member reminded him-of a character.,drawn' by Tom Mopre—Mokanna, the Veiled.Prophet of Khorassan. The hon. member was not. like Mirabeau, or Danton, who h&jd; Ahs. physique of men; lie bore a greater resemblance to the Murats and Robespierres, In intellectual capacity tie challenged .anyone to eay that the hon. member .was the' equal, of, any 1 one of his (Me. Isaacs) late, colleagues, except^ his unworthy self; and'even, he, in general; information, in ediioatipn, taken in tpe'broad sense, in wnioh tjie hon. member., issed the term, would not yield the .palm' to % the bon. member. He regretted to.be.thus personal, that he should be dragged'frpm ahed of sick, 'ness to vindicate his honor from, the gross, aspersions of this pettyf6gging.'poli|ioian, thiB paltry logician, this confused, metaphysician. The hon. member made it ajgr^aji charge against his bon. friend (Mr. Parkes) that he accepted the appointment" of leoturer from the head of an Administration against which he brought a motion of. want, or'confideioe. But the hon. mem her, who had .brought/re- peated motions of that description'.against the Martin Ministry, was himself .prepared to aocept an appointment on the. recommendation of the Colon ial SeoretaryofthatAdministratiop. He alluded to the request madp by the Governmentof New Zealandtohis learned., friend to reoommend a person to go down there and do something in order ttf^ssist them out of the difficulties in which they were placed. But when it was intimated that the hon. gentleman's name was suggested they politely declipedhis assistance. (Hear, hear.) When he (Mr. Isaacs) consented to accept the office of Solicitor General, he intimated to the hon. and! learned Attorney- General that there were certain cases in which it would be impossible for. him not to appear against t.he Crown. He consulted some English barristers upon the practice- Mr. Gordon, Mr, Deffel, and his Honor the learned Chief Justice—and they all concurred in saying that not only was he at liberty to appear, against the Crown, but'tbat it was the privilege of his clienijljs tb enforoe his appearance in'court on their behalf if they chose to. do. so. Moved by these, considerations he appeared in one. case in which his client, would not release him, but in four other cases his clients yielded to his solicitation, and. he. was released. But the hon. member, notwithstnnding the friendly relations existing be-; tween them' at the time, thought it hot beyond the soope of his duty to bring the matter forward in this House, and to make it a ground of attack that the S.olioitor- General had appeared id defence of a prisoner against the Crown. No notice, of that attack was given' to him; and he declined to enter into a mat- ter thus indirectly brought forward. ' That charge had never received its answer until this day. But the hon. member, was now the oolleague of an hon. and learned gentler man who had appeared in two cases agsiinBt tbe Crown, one of which' involved a possible Iobs to the revenue of £17,000, That was not a criminal case, but a case in which the finances of the country were involved to the extent he bad indioated ; and in thatcasethe hon. and learned gentleman did not hesitate to exercise all the talents which he possessed —and they were great—to bring to bear all the zeal that he possessed—and that was enormous,—to employ all the' sophistry' of which he was capable—and that was large,— to bring to bear all the wheedling which be possessed with juries—and that was considerable—for the purpose of wresting £17,000. out of the finances of the country, and that,' too, in a causa in wliich the learned gentleman had previously given it as his opinion tbat his olient had no case against the Government. He asked the boh. member, how' be could reconcile his present position iu view of-that state pfthinga? How eame^tthat rstaSfS appeared in open Oou^a^inst the Government, aqd ^hoJhadt^^pnpupQBd^that .he w$i retaineilletVbe^rffce hoq. merirf^J^idnWh^ and critiiJisB the ; conduct of btheir hbn. memhers. 1 "Wiedomwoiild^otdib'wlththehon. the^ecretaryfdrLaiids.'K tsr'8) insi^6ifioabt hfe.were at an 'ena ,ihi« -night New South JWalefc jWoul^d goXbn .p^r r hapa more priMperous'because of his death - ^ and except in a'yery ' smsdl bircle ^indeed; a week would not; elapse^VSfore jbe would be forgotten. Hei would descend • . " To the vile, duet fromvrhenoe he sprang.. '" Unwept, unhoriored, and uniung^' 1 - In the deep dishonors of the grave the hon. member would be surrounded by the corruption which he desired>while living to fasten on others. Bnt a time would come when in the last.consciousness'of life the images of those whom he had thus vilified would rise like threatening ghosts before.him. The hon. member ba^ dared to say of him'that he was like,a highwayman: who had murdered the, victim whom he had previously; robbed; he had had' the audacity to -say he wss : a plunderer .of the public money?' The bon. member knew, that statement to be untrue. He knew that each one hon.'member of the Administration was incapable of any crime so foul as that which he ventured in his paltry malignity to.breathe out/ against the members of the, late Governments. It was almost a matter of regret ior a gentleman to breathe, a^atmosphere contaminated by the malignant.ex'pirations from the lungs of inch a man. The hob. Minister.for Lands might laugh, but it only added to the vile offence of whicb be had been guilty. He.challenged : the hon. memher to attempt to prove his as- ^ sertion^Wnd he would be ready to meet him whenever and wherever he mi||it do so. He was certain he .should be able to oome out of the ordeal unscathed. But could;the hon. memberjssy the same ? - Had he hot committed outrages on hiB own principles?. This had been shewn in regard to the question of - holidays..' The hon,an<flearned member here 'contrasted the course taken by the bon. Secretary for Lands , on a former occasion in refusing'to sanction a public holiday on a St. Gf'orge's Day, which was sIbo the tercentenary of the birthday of Shakespere, and the recent granting of a publio holiday on St Apdreir's Day.- T-heBe two instances shewed' the hbn. member's inconsistency. Whatever had been the shortcomings of the late Administration, they might have been' worse. He hoped the hon. member.would never again use. towards him language like . that , he employed on Friday night. Certainly he should not^again refer., to the hon. member unless he wers provoked so to dor* The bon. member's concluding observations (which he supposed he regarded as a peroration). lie (Mr. Is'aaoB) regarded as nothing more than the tawdry and fustian deliverance of a lOth-rate. aotor,in a.minor theatre, with a deportment characteristic of such an arena, and in sentences' pointless from their frigidity and puerility. The hon. the Minister for Lands concluded; with an observation which would have been discreditable to.the head and the heart of any one who filled the' office of a Minister of the Crown, and who could sit be-' fore him,a Q d knowing how he had injured him, and—-should " laugh ?" if it could be called a laugh. It it were a laugh it could only be likened to " sunshine on a new made grave.'- 