AMONG THE SPIRITS. The following statement addressed to Ths Daily Telegraph is written by a gentleman well known, and as woll respected, in lite rary circles in Melbourne. Ilis character bn'h for keenness of perception and for sound judg ment is of the highest, aud his personal veracity is uneha'lenged. The circumstauces give to his communication a special value. We can assert our own unwavering belief that every word of the article is penned in perfect, good faith, and with no other object than to place a narrative of facts— a they appeared to the writer— before the public. It was at the request of a friend, who has from time to tiino given much attention to what is now called Spiritism, that I recently attended a seance of its disciples. And unless I greatly de ceived myself, I went thoroughly divested of any preju hce or prepossession on the subject. If anv unusual feeling did pervade me on the occasion, it was perhaps a little uneasiness at tho prospect of witnessing manifestations of the supernatural, or of something that, might shock my ancient and conservative ideas of the laws and constitution of human existence. Of Spiritualism (or Spiritism) as a science or a study I know as little as most persons, not having taken any trouble to inform myself concerning it, either by reading or otherwise. Why this is thus— to adopt the War- dian phrase— I can only explain to myself by a general and instinctive unwillingness to give atten tion to studies which appeared perilous, or, to say the least, unprofitable. One man might call this commendable prudence, while another might, stigmatise it as cowardly mindedness. But the fact is that I hare been simply lazy in the matter and contented myself with laughing at the trickery and absurdities that have undoubtedly been tacked on to exhibitions of Spiritism. But the angry tone and loose argumentation of some local writers by whom the spirit believers have been attacked, have induced me at last to take the trouble to see and judge for myself. I know by hearsay that there are millions of educated per- sons in America who give unqualified adherence to the doctrines of Spiritism ; and I chance to have read that there are thousands of men and women of acknowledged superior mental capacity moving in the most distinguished circles of European Society, who have openly de clared their belief in its truthfulness America seems to have been par excellence the practice ground or testing arena of progressive science— like Shoeburyness for the big guns. New phenomena have always had fair treatment and prompt consideration in the United States. There is an impatient order of intelligence that charac terises the American community. No fresh dis covery of science has to wait long with our trans atlantic cousins for the test of diligent and close examination. And their confidence in the reality of Spiritism seems to grow with a growth steadily increasing in significance. And now, to return to my purpose of describing what I witnessed. It was in a spacious apartment, with a cathedral character of loftiness and gloom, that I was in troduced to a party of Spiritists. The aspect of the chamber might have fitted any one predisposed to imagine supernatural surroundings ; but, being tired, and having my thoughts preoccupied with other affairs, I was in a mood of listless indifference to the proceedings. There were two tables in the room, about two yards apart, and at oue of these were seated some half a dozen ladies and gentlemen, more or less susceptible of the mysterious influence. At the other table were several gentlemen, who 6at quietly round it, with Llieir hands spread openly on its surface. These continued in Ibis attitude for above an hour, hut there was no " manifestation," so I dismiss for the present this portion of the experiments. My 9eat was about three yards away, and equidistant from both tables. Half an hour might have elapsed before anythiug remarkable occurred at the first table. Then I noticed distinctly, by t he light of a powerful lamp thrown by a shaded reflector on the figure of the nearest gentleman, that his hand rose from the table and quivered for some s&couds; with a preternatural rapidity that might be compared to the vibration of a harp string. Th,e distance described in this movement did not apparently exceed an inch or so, but it served to exhibit the hand in a blurred out line such as will be seen to surround the prongs of a tuning fork when struck, and which repre sents a movement of many hundred vibrations in a second. After this the hand, grasping a pen cil, was brought down to a large sheet of paper which it commenced to traverse with a rapidity truly marvellous, if not superhuman. Three of those at tho table were at one time engaged iu like manner aforesaid. In regard to mediums I understand that there are some who exhibit ex clusively this plia?e of spirit influence— involun tary writing. Of one lady I unhesitatingly assert that she did not look upon the paper on which she was writing — that her eye did not accompany the motion of her hand. This lady writes in languages of which she lias not the slightest knowledge, and with uniform correct ness and rapidity. The sum of evidence on this point is, to my niind, conclusive and indisput able. One gentleman who sat at this table, aud the only per.-ou there present of whom I can speak from long and intimate per sonal knowledge, wrote under this spirit in fluence, and in a handwriting very dissimilar to his own, a communication of which I enclose a copy. On examiuing this manuscript, I found that every word ran into the fol lowing, the pencil not being lifted ; and, not withstanding the inconceivable rapidity of the movement, each sentence was complete, aud not what I may term bungled iu expression. When the pencil reached the end of a line, I had observed that, it darted back to the commencing point of another with the quickness and preci sion of a shuttle in a steam loom. On these phenomena I prefer not to tlieoriso. My desire is simply to record fasts. Of this gentleman, I will merely say that I know no one less likely to lend himself to any imposture or unworthy artifice. Aud he is, more over, a mau of even and dispassionate tempera ment. The signature appended to this commu nication, in a manner which he declares, a: el I believe to be involuntary, is Lockr. I know it is easy to ridicule these statements, and no one has been, from time to time, more readv and eager than myself to sneer at the allegations of the Spiritists. With a somewhat quick percep- tion ot the ludicrous, it has been impossible for ine to hear of nccordeons ground by invisible musicians, and the grotesque caperiugs of tables, without a predisposition to write humbug aud deception to every manifestation attributed to spirit influence. My views are altered. Some days have elapsed ssnce I witmessed what is herein recorded, but reflection has only strength ened my opinion that these phenomena are true. With regard to the money sealed uu with a written sentence, and to be given to any one who shall truly declare what the unopened packet, contains, it proves nothing. When the Rochester rappings excited public attention, twenty years ago, somebody placed a noto for £100 in a Dublin bank, to be given to any spirit rapper or other person who should rightly name the number of the note within a certain time, and, of course it was never claimed ; thereupon the depositor triumphantly gibbeted all spiritualism as abso lute imposture. He had settled the question, and his cock-crowing utterance of exultation was, "Let me never again be bothered with this proven lie." This language but embodies that clumsiest form of fallacy which logicians term the argumentum ad ignorantium. I conclude for tho present with a couple of verses from Long fellow's " Haunted Houses," to which I have now turned with a freshened interest- — " A11 houses wherein man have lived and died rrC1? haunted houses Through the open door XT-ill1# 088 PhBntomB on their errands ulide, With Xoet that mate no sound ujKin the floor. There are more guests at table than the hoeta Invited ; ths lUuminate.t hall Is thronged with quiet noffisnsive ghosts. As silent as th, pictures on the wall." The following is the "Locke" communi cation of which our contributor enclosed a copy : — " All goodness is the Divine per fection towards which everything in Nature tends. Evil is but the rugged path of progression by which the good travels on to maturity. Without the existence of this con dition of evil God oould net work out Lis works of creation. If the complete good appeered at once, then miracles would take place, and law and order be set aside, wh-ch is impossible. Withoutevil m connection with man's existence reason would be impossible. Man, to live per fectly good in a perfectly harmonious nature would be a life of i netinct in a miraculous atato of things, and not a life of rearon gaining know, ledge by experience in a world gradually develop ing under laws of progression. Nature only can 4\. Rnd his waye, since only by Nrtea% 4 Obi ztfntt bsmMf, Imptofttit I knowledge comes before the more advanced knowledge, as imperfect structure comes before tho more advancod structure. And though Nature cannot lie, wo are constantly reading Nature wrongly, and can only correct our reading of her by constant and persevering researches. This is so reasonable that no oue can deny it And yet we seo dogmas eat up as infallible truth idols to which Nature herself is requested to Yield and bend in homage. Although we inibibo knowledge from the researches and accumulations or others, we carry the tests of our knowledge in ourselves. All we believe to be true must harmonise together in our mmds, and fresh ideas have to be tested by those already posses -ed, and vice c ersa. Nature lives by constant changes and modifications and re-adjuBtments of ideas are as necessary to a healthy mind, as physical changes are to a healthy body. An idea may re main essentially the same, but every fresh idea inust colour all our previous one?, and probably alt er many of them. Hence the absolute necessity of a free mind disabused of all prejudices, and the absurdity of fixed and unalterable opinions con trary to all the laws of mental, moral, and physical health. A free mind, open to conviction has a wonderful power of perceiving truth. Truth it simple and self-apparent. 'Do unto others,' etc, is so plainly true, that no authority need patronise it with its weight, and other assertions are as patently false wera not the miuds of men abused by a blind ad herence to authorities. With a free mind and truth itself for authority, you need not fear error, for the errors of a free mind are dis covered and dispelled by the light of every new truth, as tk« dews of night are dispelled by the light of the morning sun, or as Milton's Satan was detected by the touch of Ariel's spear. The saying is true that great is truth, and it will pre vail. Those who aim at teaching truth, and not at propagating opinions, take the best meaus not ouly to instruct others, but themselves. The blessing is double — they are twice blessed." 