PICKINGS FROM MELBOURNE PUKCH HIXT9 TO VABlOrm PRfil'l B. To pet the Cream of thu News.— Skim the paper. A Wr.sng Lament— A crying evil. E-pisUil-aiv Correspondence.— Duelling, IJmnn fnf FmniYiwmnnt — Tlin hhrnrv INFORMATION. Wanted Immediately.- The altitude nf tho height of fashion. Brooms for sweeping tho homjn. Uurrmmts for the nuked eye. llundtfnr a (h).irmlcs.s man. Huokn for citcliirtr the train. Wisdom for Ihe flats of a Theatre. Wigs for thu Heads. A cover fur an interest wide. Virtue (or a viccchair. The weight of hcivy ilunngea. Gardening Notes.— A iii:iii liua been searching in liia garden for tho wrinkles n.'iliynie. The sumo individual has discovered that cwetil peas should bo grown iu brown sii^ar, and that riueKur should be - poured on beds of pickled onions. Ho has not grown mushrooms, as he has cot nitish room for them. There is no appearance yet of tuclh in hi* blue gum*, but he finds thai all lim ncarlct ninntrn have decamped, lie bus Von ntmistntt hunaelf with spinning his turnip-tops, and now ami llun takes a jump with his cprinn onions. He com plains that u policeman has been on his U'ft, nnd that his apple-trees have been uvcr-licariiig linn year, and may lisvo btokun down thruui;li sliixr pride. Legal Poser.— An angry lljuhlamler asks us whether a man that wenrs kilts can I* cued fur breaches of promise, and tlii-n bo Hunt-on it. Pecuniary leverage.- liaixinu a loan. Wanted a Mayor.— Fornralibit burrow (borough). The liiiriitful Hair.-Sddom n chipimi. A Victim of Mis-apprehviibion.— 1'liu wrong man arrested by the police. Cloth lor a Baker.-UnuRh-Bkiii. tirog Blossoms.— The (lowers of the jtiniuertrcc. (lifts '.-The presents made by thu Duke of Edinburgh while he was here are it seems not tu cost him anything. This is very unfortunate, for a good many pretty inscriptions will havo to bo altered in consequence of this reimbursement, ami instead of ' Presented by U.K. II.' it will have to bu 'voted by the British Parliament.' What a hard prosaic ace this ie, and how tho poetry in con tinually lieiug knocked out uf tho pretty littlo transactions of one's dusty life. Insane Acts.— Catching one's breath; sUnipinf; one's tars; tossing our humls; throwing up our hands; casting down our eyes; and culling our teeth. How The Ports ake £i.e«tku. — Tho ordinary election by ballot in performed by two processes repeated daily, iu Kenural one in the forenoon, which is a simple ballot; the oilier in the afternoon, which consists In lliuprtiouHHleclinlcnlly called of acceilin;, whereby an elector, revoking his murniiifr'N ballot, transfers his vote to Hunieoiio whoso name had that morning already come nut of the ballot-box. Hence tho dcBtKnulion of thu supplementary ballot, for in it the faculties of electors are strictly limited to the power of adhering to some Cardinal vihose naniu at tho curly ballot has been drawn. The voliutf -papers are Miimro and folded down, so as at enuh end to huve n Ecaled portion, within tho upper out) of which in written the voter'B namo, to be opened only under special circumstances; and ii- the other, sealed with the same seal, some ni-'to from Huipturo. which, once adopted, uiUHt bo thu Hume ut ult ballots, and serves otdiuariiy as the menus for identification of the vote. In tho middle apace, which U loft open, stands tho namo of the candi date. Advancing to tho altar, after a short prayer in silence, and an oath aloud, wherein tho Kaviimr ii called to witness that the vale nlxjut to begird is dictated by conscientious cuuviclioim nloue, tmcli Cardinal drops his paper in the elmlico upon tho altar. When all have voted, tho examination of the papers is made by tho scrutators- three Cardi nals selected by lot— who Micccssivclv hand to each oilier every paper, which tho hut lilcn on u pin. Should a candidate uomo out with just u limjority of two- thirdH. it then Iwcuiik-h necessary to open the upper folded portions of tho bullolpanurH. with the view of ascertaining that thin majority in not due to tho candidate's own vote; il bt'ing not lawful for a Pope to bo tho iictunl instrument of his owu creation. In the ca.su of no ndciiunlu majority, these papers arc preserved bo tut to bu able to check, throiiKh tho mottoes, the voles Riven in the Hiipplemeutary bullot, it buiiiK. of course, unlawful for a Cardinal to repeat u hucoiiiI vote in behalf of the candidate for whom he hud already voted in the morning. Tho form of tendering this second vote in by writing 'Accodo domino Cutiliuuli,' while thoso who pcrmut in their mornmK'n clioico insert ihe word ' Neuiini.' Should both bailout fail in producing the legal majority, then the papers nro burned, whilo in nil coses tho portion containing the voter'* namo 1h to be opened by tho scruUlors only in the event of some suspicion of (rauil or (if a voto being invalid, through some violation by tho elector of thu . prescribed forum. In the Conclave- (if INSti Cardinal Cagliirllune came out of thu Idiot with thirty-live votes, utiuiiiRt twenty for Cardinal UroKorio, and twelve for Capellnrl, afterward* (Jrt'Kory XVJ. Un examiiiiiiK thu imjii'rn, tho scrutators, however, found two votes i!ro|i|ied inlo the afternoon ballot willi uuittoex lh.it did not tally with any union^t the inornniK's votes. Two Cardinals are named as iiufinceted of having com mitted this act, probably with tho vain hope of defeating CustiKhoiie'H election. All it cllectod vn« tn viliiiin tin! Imllnt uf the il.iv. and on tho following morning Ciislii;liono hemmo i'iiiB Vf II. l«y an increased majority. Tho election of Urban VI II. wan nut oil' for a dnv by u yet more unworthy trick. Whuu the papero were lioinu looked through, one was found wanting, and, ulthoiiKhtho canonical majority had hcon nct'iirca. the election was nevertheless void— as every Cardinal in Con clave muni lodge Ihh vote. HuKpicioii fell on one of the scrutator*, who \n believed to havo ulmlracti'd tho paper from tho chalice, and dropped it into hia sleeve, solely to prevent an othenvi*o inevilitblu result from being nrrived at that lnornimi.— The Constitution of fupul Conclaves, bu W, Curl wniiht. Enousii and American Elowknck.— ' In patriotic eloquence,' HiiyB u contoiupotiiry, 'our American itutnji-spoaLoiH beat tho worM. They d'/n't aUwl up and prose awuy ho no U- jmt an audience to Bleep, after thu lazy, genteel, aristo cratic style of liritiHh Parliamentary Hpeedi luakiug.' Wo arc fully tatiuficd of tho juHtiio of this boatt. There U u vigour about tho popular patriotic stylo of American oratory that wo aru sure has never boon equalled in Ihe Itritmh Par liament. An interior paper (which we i|iioto nt second-hand), iu paying a glowing trilmie to tho eloquence of the Fourth of July ornlor who oth'cinted in tho town whero the said journal is published, says:— ' Although we hail a platform ten feet square to orato upon, ho «ot bo llml up with patriotism that it wutsn't liulf hi*; enough tu hold him; bin list collided three times with thu President of tho day, heiiidcB 'hiniiiiiiK the cyoof the reader of the Declaration, and every pmon on tho stage left it limpiim.' ' ThiB in a Btylo of oratory calculated to leave durable itiifiri'MimiH, nnd to lie folt iu well us hoard,— San Fruncisco Newt Jjctter, How Mauk Twain was K-ili- in NiiWAliK.— The Newark Press contains the fol lowing exposition of what 'Mark Twain' ternni 'A Wicked Fraud,' perpetrated on him during his recent visit to that city : -It U HcMom plcumwt to tell on onesulf, but BonioliuiCR it Ii a nut of re lief to a man to make a sad coiiffHHion. 1 wihIi to unburden my mind now, and yet 1 almom helievo that 1 am moved to do it muio bectumo 1 hum tu bring censure upon another niiai thun 1/ecuiine 1 desire to pour balm upon my wounded h-'urt. (1 don't know wlml Imlui is, hut I believe it is tho correct expression to iuc in thin connection never having been any balm.) You may remember that 1 lectured in Newark lately tor the young yentlt meii of tho Claytnniati Hociely ( I did ut uny rate. During the afternoon of that iky I wan talking with one of the vouiik Kentluinen just referred to, anil he said he had an undo who, from Home chuho or other, seamed to have uruvm iwriiiaiiently bereft of all emotion. Aud with team in hw eycH this young man Raid:— 'Oh, if 1 could only moo him laugh once more! Oh, if I could only Nee him weep!' 1 was touched. 1 could never withstand distress. I said :—' Jlrinif him to my lecture. I'll start him for you.' 'Oh, if 1 could but do ill If you could but do it, nil our family would blemt you for evennoro-for he ii «o very dear to us. Oh. my benefactor, can you make him lauulW can you bring soothiiiK tears to thote parched orbs!' I was profoundly moved, I laid:— 'My son. bring the old party around. 1 have got Home jokes in that lecture which will make him luiiKlt if there is any laugh in him; and if they lnixH lire, I have got some othcru that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other.' Then the younij man blessed me, and wept on my neck aud blow bin node on my coattuil. and went after hit uii'.k1. lie placed him in full view, in the second row of benches that night, and 1 began on him. 1 tried him with mild jokes, then with Hovcre ones; 1 dosed him with bad jokes and riddled him with good ones; X Jiroil old male joke* into him, and peppered him fora and aft with red-hot 'new ones; 1 warmed mi to iny work and asaaultcd him on the riuht and left, in front and behind: 1 fumed and sweated, anil cliar«e-l and routed till I wag hoarse and pick, and frantic and furious; but I never moved him oiicu-1 never Btarted a smile or a tear! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a nunpicion of moisture ! ( wan astounded. I closed the lecture at last with one despairing »hrick-with one wild burnt of humour, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him ! Then 1 «at down bewildered and exhausted. The Preside.- 1 of the S xriety catuo up and bathed my head with cold water, and said, 'What madv you carry on ho towards the last!' lcaid 1 was trying to make that confounded old foul IhukIi iu the second row. And ho »aiJ, ' Well, you were waiting your time, Iwcatioe iie is ileul and dumb, and a« blind as a budger.' Now, wan tint any way for that old man's nephew to imi-o*c on it stranger and orphan like me. 1 Himply auk you, as a man and a brother, if that was any way fur him to dot' Au Imlimau had to give tho panHWord at the battle of Fontcnov at the lime the great Saxe was Marshal. 'The pans-word is ?S'c.«; now don't forget it, Put,' say* the Oolonol. 'Hajce! faith, and I won't; wasn't my father a miller!' 'Who goes there)' said tho sentinel, after he had arrived at the n-m Put whisjiereu confidentially, 'Baas, yer honour.' The father of Baron liuiiHcu, a shrewd humble-born German, sent hi* son out into tho wide world with this advice ail to expenditure:— 'In clothing live up to your moans, in food IjcIow your means, and in dwelling above your means. Don't be a soldier; stand erect before a wan with a title.' Nothing on earth can siailo but human beinps. Oemn may Hash redacted light; hut what is a diamond-flash compared with an eye-Hush and mirth-flash X A face that cannot smiluis like a hud that cannot blossom, and drie« up on the sulk. Laughter is day, and Hobriety ib night, mid a smile ii the twilight that hovers gently between ijpth. and is more bewitching. Mrs. Rugg, a widow, having taken. Mr. Price for her second husband, and being Oiked how she liked the change, replied, 'Oh, A got rid cf my old Bugg for a good Price. Why should Ireland bo tlio ricliext country in all the world ?- Because its capital la always Dublin. There in just as much to bo said uganmt the vanity ot women as against the pride of men ; that is. just a« little. Charms, which like flowers, lie on the surface, aud always glitter, easily produce vanity; hence women, wits, players, soldiers aio vain, owing to their presence, iixurr, and dress.— Jean Paul Rkhter. It has been ascertained that Homo ladies o«e paint as fiddler* do resin— to aid them In drawing a beau. 'Are you not afraid your wife will got married again when you die! ' I hope sho moy. as there will then be one man in the world who will know bow to pity me.' A man who, with inky lingers, wroto to his friend of the enlargement ol his income, was told that his letter wa-i good evidence of Us ink-crease. 