MR. GLADSTONE ON FENIANISM. On Wednesday, October 21, Mr. Glad stone delivered one of.bia ,great speeches in favour of Justice to talesa at Bouthport. After denouncing Mr. Disraeli's futile effurti to excite sectarian ranoour, be asya, referring to the Tory view of Irish Im provement : " I bed tbe honour of addressing you in thit ball some ten or eleven months ago, end tben told yon, before the meeting of Parliament, tbe view that I could not bat take of (be condition of Ireland and tbe Fenian manifiaatationa j end tben I aignified to you tbe opioid that tbe time bad, in my vie*, arrived when we moat aet about tbe establishment of religioua equality in Ire land. Now, that is tbe doctrine of our op ponent*. Mr. Crow aaya it ia true tbat tbe Habeaa Oorpna Act' baa been aaepended in Ireland egainat tbe Irieb people,' There ie tbe city of. Rome,; end tbe policy of tbe bnlk of tbe people of tbat oouotry ia thit tbe inhabitant! of Rome are not well affected to tbe. civil Government of tbe Papacy. ,1 apeak .vithont touching upon any of tbe oontroveraies in the matter, be came I am uaing it merely for tbe purposes of illaftration, to endeavour to show trnly how this imatter. atanda. Well, but when (be volunteers of .Garibaldi invaded tbe Roman ? States tbe Rom people did not rise; and tbi explanation given was this they were too prudent, and they dared not. They knew tbat an overwhelming force would be iiined to put tbem down, and they determined Dot to sbed blood to no purpose. I speak.of tbat as tbe explcna tion of what has occurred among us in tbia countr). .Apply that to the ease of Ireland. (Hear, bear )' The people of Ireland have risen. Tbe people of Ireland are divided in sentiment, and so, probably are the people of1 Rome. But tbia we know, and upon tbe bijbest authority, that a large portion of tbe Irish people are either hostile to or neutral oonoerning the British Throne and Government. (A Yoioe: Perfectly true.) We know tbat upon tbe authority -of the Miniature of tbe Grown ; we know it by tbe'. manifestations that take plaoe from 'time to time in Ireland, when criminals are tried for political offences; We know it by .the prooeniona which took place in Ireland and iu London after tbe execution, I think, of three Fenian offenders who murdered tbe policeman Brett. We know it by every kind of symptom that can meet the eye «f intelligent men j -and yet still our friends- for I call onr opponeats also onr friends, except In the political eense will cling to their. delusion that Ireland i* thoroughly British in feeling, sensible of tbe countless -blessings wbioh they derive froqi our intaluable Constitution, aad that it is onlytbe troublescma agenoy of tbe United States of America which renders it neoes , eary to euapend the Bab tat Corput Aot. ?. Not^, gentlemen, I want to go to, tbat point, becauae this is a eubject of vital importance on wbioh I am certain you wont grudge . me a very fsw moments. Tbe Isngasge ' which is held by'Wnr opponents is this: Fenisnltm is * plant of foreign growth. Ireland. not aistffsoted, though Lord Mayo hasreeorded a large population to havp been ; but that ean't be admitted dur ing the election. (Laughter.) Feoianism is aloipigu importation into Ireland, and the (true origin oHhe hotbed of Fenianism is iu Ameriea. Now, gentlemen, isn't it a moat extraordinary thing tbat Irishmen .bould become mora boatile to their native oonntry in sonaequenoe of leaving it than they were when they have dwelt in it? ; Did you ever hear of nan who lived con tentedly under a Government, and then, because-they bad happened to go under another Government, became in their own breasts'hostile to, the Government tbey had -left?' No sooh race ever was known or heard of. (Bear, bear.) Now, gentleman, I want you to understand what is the view that the Americans take of Fenianism; it is quite itlme that you ebonld bear tbem upon that subject, Onr opponents are under the gross delation of beleiving that Ameriea has a lore for this peitileutial band, and fondles and rear* it with tbe utmost Care, in older to make it an instrument of annoyanoe to us. That is their creed. I .tell yon, on.tbefcontftty, that.Fenieoism ia a plant of Xrlah growth^ the only reaion why it is suppressed and smoulders in Ireland, and Is loud and noisy in Amerioa Is tbat it ia suppressed in Ireland through the fear of an overwhelming power; and tbat, when the aborts of America are rescbed the fesr of that overwhelming power baa cea#ed. This is just like what Jappens iu many cases--when there is a firs in a miAe ^hey close tbe mine to stop. It, and the fire is not observed, but if the air be let in the fire biases up. Th F« nisniaat of Ireland is tbe fire smouldering in tbe mine, tbe Fenianiem of Amerioa ia thp Are with an abttodant supply of fresh air; and moreover it ia unju>t to the Ameroane to accusa them of loving and fondling and oareasiog this. evil growth with which it is we who annoy them. I hold in my jbspd a letter wbioh ie.well worth your bearing. I am not aura that I would lie justified in mentioning the writer's name, simply because it was a private letter eent from Amerioa, and supplied to me by a dignitary of tbe Gburoh of England, who is entirely of our mind with regard to the Cborob of Inland: bat it expresses op inions which do dot require . name to authenticate tbem, and I am eure when you know tbat it is an American's view of the Fenian question, you will say that tbe two or three minutes ocoupied in reading it is tbe most important portion of time 1 have epent eince I began. * I am not quite certain as to the date of the letter, but it is a recent one, baring come within the last aix montha. Tbe writer aaya' The Irish come to our country by milliona and bring with tbem the bate of Britiah Govern, ment so intense, tbat to gratify it they ,^onld gladly die. Every tried friend of Great Britain ardently desire* that aome wise and saf&oient; measures may be de vised to conciliate the Irish people, and make tbem .friends of the Government by which at present they think themselves so deeply injured. I wish English states men eonld see this qusstion in tbe light |u wbiob wa regard it from our stand point. There is nothing ao important to onr country, as well as yours, aa tbe maintenance of peace between them, and even, more than th|t, the ipoit kindly relations. The Irish already constitute a molt influential portion of the voting population, determining to a very large extent the policy of our Government. Tbie population it led and controlled almost atsolotely by able and unscrupulous politicians, who are them eeltet well lenown among us at being un friendly to your country. Tbese men can at any moment command the moat enthusisstic devotion of the entire Irish population among o» by a promiie to inaugu rate a policy of unfriendliness to Oreat Britian. I am sure I ipeak the opinions of alt the better part of oar people when I .ay that I with to aee yonr ooantry pros perous and atron;, and her people happy. At present we think Ireland adds very little to the power of yonr nation, bat regard it ae an element of weakness in the event of a war with any etroug naval and mili tary people. We are eare that the pro posed method of dealing with the Irish Church wouldgofar to conciliate the Irish to British rule. There is no more ardent Protestant than I am, than we are, whose views I have endeavtired to present; hat we feel oonfident that the Irish in tbie country, as well as in yours, will always be hostile to your Government, and will deviie mischief to it in every posible way, without the adoption of some measures which they think justice to Iteland to demand. That Ood may goide yon and all your countrymen in the best oourt adapted to promote the interests of your nation, and the happiness of your people, is my ainoere wish. Now, gentlemen, I don't hesitate to say that the letter presents the matter from the true point of view. The people of America wish to stand with us; but we discharge upon their ehore every year perhaps 100,000, perhaps more, of men into whose breasts we have instilled a desd hatred of ourselves ; and these men fiuding.tbemselves in a country abounding in resources and in power, and carrying with them the passionate recollection with ^hich they have eet out from their native shores, naturally enough eeek to turn the energies of America into channels hostile to us, and what is onr miserable policy. Tliey esy that thesefeelings are of American growth, that is flying, gentleman, in the (ace of facts-it is olosing our eyes against the noonday. The passions arc passions bom and fostered in Ireland, and they are the unhappy children of oar own misrule ; and until we can by tome means awaken the mind of the English people to the perception of these great fundamental facts, bearing as they do upon all the permanent proepecte of peace and of eecurity for this empire, we never oan atand in the face of the world acquitted by tue general opinion of civilised msnkind of gross injustice, iior can have that firm, immovable position wbioh we ought to bave for our defence in times of danger aa a atrong because an united people. Now, gentlemen, I endea vour in these words feebly to present to~ yoi the great work which we bave on band in this election. Is it not idle in the face of facts like these to talk of being governed by psrty motives and the desire of office 7 It is not diffioalt to meet snob reproaches with eilenceoo the part of those whokn-w they do not deserve them; lint it diffi cult with pstienee to think that it is by means of instruments and pleas like these that men are content to praotice on tbetn ?elves the gross self-delusion to encourage the Government of ibis great and noble empire in a course of injastice and wrong. Gentlemen, we invoke you in the mats, and individually, every eleotor among you, if the interests that I have endeavoured to ace before yon really toneh you as ritish oitiiens if you really price and cherish that whioh has been to us all a dew and aaored name, we invoke you to fllslst us in en enterpriee, which however it may be blackened by ealnupuy, or. more frequently by ignorance, we believe, and I think we may asy we know to be, the enterpriee of justice an J of truth." Th« " Kisms mystsrjr" o( Mr. f«Au has completely oollepaed. Hit deadly oonapirators lavs proved to be only ao maay men in buckram tod Kendal green ; .nd tba " myetery" i« now generally repre sented in the facetious journala h a ' turnip lantern "ghost" on the top of a alick, covered with a white ibeet. Aa tbe par. ticulara of tbia oase are given at length in onr political colpmp, weueed oofcepter into detaili in this place; bat the enhject baa been ao long -before the public, aud baa been ao conatantly referred to ip oar monthly summitries, that we ere bonnd to give prominence' to- it in the present artitfe. ' No doubt when tbe report of tbe , Parliamentary Oomuiittee now sitting ia laid before tbe pnblio, it will, in . more official form, abaolve tbe people- of tbia colony from the imputation of having har boured a neat of murderous oonapirators. Tbe whele bieemeot uponwLioh tbe tele of guilt and murder waa founded aeema to have been no firmer than the groundwork of . one of Edgar Allan Poe'a wildest ro wancee, and waa born in tbe brain of a brooding assassin, and nonriahed by a credulous and some tbink a politioally oal> cnlating Minister. But the troth ia at last about to be revealed, with a complete oen which be little dreamt of. It ia a good omen that we are able to mako tbia announcement to. our Eogliah readers at the opening of tbe new year, thongb it ia no inure than what many thought from tbe beginning; and itie highly gratifying to think that when the Cuke of Edinburgh now on hie way, arrives in Sydney again, bia Royal Qigbnesa, ioatead of beiog met with tbia horrible Kiama bagbaar, will probably be aa ready aa any one to join in a hearty laugh at " Parkes' gboat."-Em fire. Tbe. celebrated Bev. John Brown, of Haddington, had courted a young lady op warda of eix yeara. At lengb be contrived to overcome hia natural diffidence, and apoke to ber confidentially. "Janet, my woman, we bave been acquainted now for eix yeara." said be, " an'-an' I've never got a kiea yet. D'ye think I may take one, my | bonnielsaaf" "Just as you like, John," Waa tbe lady'e answer;" only be beooming and proper wi't." "Snrely, Janet," eaid Ur. Brown' " we'll ask a bleseing." Tbe blessing waa aaked aud tbe kite taken " O woman, but it'a gade" eaid tbe worthy miniater; " we'll noo return thanka." In leaa than eix months John and Janet were mao and wife. I BI-SUWHITB OF LIMB, The following is the. Analytical Report upon Messrs. Medlock and Bailey's Bisul phite of Lime Pataut for the " Preserva tion of Animal Substancesby Went worth It. Scott. Esq.. .RC.-8., F.A.B.L, F.B.S.8.A.,.Ac, I have carefally examined the Standard Solution of Bisulphite of Calcium (known commercially m ".Bisulphite-of Lime,") prepared uuder Messrs. jtfedlock ana Bailey's Patent, aud find the eame to be limpid and fluid of the specifio gravity of 1.050 at 60 deg. F., possessing very re markable antiseptic properties. The " Bisulphite of Lime Solution' hat been repeatedly analysed by. me, both with and without the knowledge of the Patentees, but the results bare always ahowa the entire ahtenca of aU foreign talti, organic matter, or other deleterious sub stances. Unlike the generality of Commercial antiseptics, the " Bisulphite of Lime," as employed in Medlock and Bailey's Patent Process, communicates no unpleasant taste or appearance to meat, &c.;, impreg nated therewith, and can therefore be safely used , for the preservation of all kinds of animal food, however delicate their structure or flavor may .lie, while substances so treated, although , they re main fresh and sweetforAn almost in definite period, retain their original wholesomeness and. nutritive powers un impaired. I have experimented very largely with the new Preservative, which I find will instantly arrest the " pttfrefaotiee," "acetie, and other fermentations, it being absolutely fatal to all (be lower forms of organic life whatever of animal or vege table origin, and I have much pleasure in cerlifying.it to.be the simplest, safest, and most effective neans for the " preser vation of animal substances" that has yet been brought before the public; this patent being of a decided utility to the wealthier classes, and a positive boon to the people at hrgt, may, and possibly at no very distant day, be the means of adding considerably to - the food Supplies of this country. Very uumerous specimens of fleilt, fish and fowl, preserved by this proceu (in Great Britain, Canada, and ^Isewhere), have been subjecled by me to Ihgid chem ical and microscopic scrutiby with un varying results,of a highly satisfactory character. 1 consider/Messrs. MedlriolimftBailqfs patent process to be capableofa hundred useful implications in the preparation and preservation of food. W. L. SCOTT. 