FIRST DAY-TUESDAY, FEB. 2, 1800. "Dead certaintles" are invariably failures on tho turf; but truly the Launceston coarse is, one of great surprises-.by' no. possibility aon n favorite win. The pot has boiled over a good tnany times now, hta in no instance mare signally than upon the prosent occasion. Before the race 'Strop had not ' chance," not the "ghost of a chance" it was a "dead certainty' for either Glencoe or Warwick, as you please; but now that it is all over Bo have to record that a great horse has again becmeo the champion. But of this more anon. In most countries the grand festival of the year is Christmas time; but in Launceston it would seem that people recognise in the Carnival week, their grand annuial holiday, and keep it accordiogly. Spare shillings are saved, and little trifles of refinery are pur. chased for the occasion. Right heartily and honestly have turf matters been conducted for several years past, and looking at things as they now appear at the close of the first day of the 1869 meeting,. there was never a brighter prospect of a long and prosperous continuance of such sports. It takes a very, little to turn the sole. There was a time' when a Champion Cup was to be won 'at |Hobart Town, but It has passed. Again, there was a time-and it is but a few months since-when champion races were declared to be at an end in Launceston. It seems but yesterday when we settled accounts on last. year's races. Great things were then said as to the difficulties that had been encountered in getting' up the annual meeting, and one steward after another expatiated on the apathy of the townspeople in a matter which directly or indirecily benefited them, and each in his turn declared that that was certainly the last champion race that would be run in Launceston. The indefatigable Secretary even went so far as to say that so thoroughly disgusted was he, that he would in future have nothing more to do with the manage moet of the races. The same well-known names, however, will be found at the head of this article, and we have just returned from one of the best day's racing we have witnessed in Launceston. From a sporting point of view it has long been looked upon as an impossibi. lity that champion races should cease in Laun' ceston; the thing was pooh-poohed from the first by ardent turfites, but now a fresh im. petus has beau given to the sport. For the laat year's meet the Stewards had considerable difficulty in getting pecuniary assistance', and having once more resolved to try the matter, slightly reduced some of the stakes, but still left them in such a manutr as to form sufli cient inducement for the best horses in the colonies to visit the islond. Tasmania having been completely beaten last year the Stewards were met on all hands by refusals of sssist' snice, on the ground that it was useless to an ccumulate money to be carried out of the colony. The result denies the assertion, nod doubtless less will be said about it in future. Out of seven great races, Tasmania, com poling against the whole of the colonies, has managed to keep her money on four occa sions. The meeting has been held earlier in the year than usual. For the past year or two the and of February has been chosen, but on the present occasion the beginning of the month was considered to be more convenient to the residents generally.. After a long con tinuance of dry weather rains set in a fort. night ago, and so uncertain has the weather been since,that up to the latest moment, fears were entertained that a -postponement the same as last year would be necessary. How ever, beyond a very high'wind, which raised the dust laid by the rains of the previous day, and continual threatening of a down pour, the weather was propitious. There was this same bustle as usual in getting to the races, and the same excitement on the course. Traffic commenced on the George Town road shortly 'after nine o'clock; And. soon the thoroughfare was well occupied with. 'vehicles laden with pleasure, seekers. On. these occasions the ordinary vehicle in every day use forms but a part of the travelling paraphernalia. Conveyances of multifarious descriptions are raked from odd corners and brushed-up; horseflesh of every; kind has the opportunity of drawing behind it a land of humanity; and drivers are improvised from stable boys and "old friends of the family." Notwithstanding the many means thus provided for 'riding to the races, those means fell far shor't of the demand. "Perdons of all creeds and classes had from shear ne. cessity to tramp it for' a' considerable distance along the road, and in many cases the whole journey had to be performed by pedestrians,. Of course, as usual,there were numbers who from choice walked the distance, as' there were others who preferred riding their ponies; The road looked gay, with its freight of brightly-attired ladies and well-dressed gen tlemen; and in important element in the traffic was the number of well appointed private carriages. The Mowbray. Course is situated about two miles from town, and the ride out is a pleasant preliminary to the pleasures of the day. By the time the proceedings were to begin the course pre. sented a lively appearance. The central com partment of the handsome Grand Stand was well filled by the elite of society; other booths, with similar sight-seeing conveniences, were also well occupied; in front was a long array of carriages and vehicles; and all around was a moving mass of visitors. It is estimated that there were between 6000 and 7000 persons present. The running ground had been well attended to and was in good order, the heavy rains notwithstanding' Tha patron of the races, his Excellency Charles Do Cane, Req., secomponied biy Iths htno. Mrs. Do Cane, and Cthe 'Vic-patrost, thue Itun, the Prentice, Sir 10. Dry, sad Lody Dry,. wish Mr. Chiehester, Private ' ecretory; arrived en tie ground sometime before the commotncement of the roaning. The Vice-' regal party occupied prominetit 'pnsition, in the Oraind Stited e aod hi! lExcelioeay sad 1Iady seemed to take groat interest in the pro oandiegs. Amongst the other ecesmpsnts of thite Stand we obeerved the hon, Ith Attornoy' General, W. L.' Dubsatim E'q., and Cthe Salicltor.e Gsneeal, R. P. Adams, Req. Ia the absence of Mr. Jawee Ited Afrg Douglas otliolated as starter during the day I Shortly after i the pppointed . time oh th MalidOn Plnto horses came to the post. O I the eloven thit started1 ionufonly wore In thli U race from tho beginninit-Cadland, Bourbon, Invador, gnd The Governor. It was r. beautiful finish between the two formor, both racing together for about half ti mile and coming in io dead hotm. A protest wae immo dintoly entered against Bourbon by Mr. W., Field, the owner of Oadland, on then ground that Bourbon was ontered wronuly. It seema that the horse was known in Victoria under t the name of Glioristor, and had won n a minor race at Preston in that name; and it was contended that therefore the horse should 'have' boon entered as' Bourbon "late Choriater." On the alher hand it was argued that the horse was not liable to disqualification,' on the ground that he ran at Woatbury reeoutly as-Bourbon "late Chorister" , The stewards decided to send Cadland and Bour. hen to the 'post at the close of the day to deuldo the host, after which, if necessary, tre protest' would-be investigated. -And an excel. 'lent'race was the result. Cadland went eif with the load at a good -pace, but was shortly afterwards' caught by Bourbon " who raced him home 'very gamely. Mr. Field's horse 'winning by, half a length disposed; of ,tbio Protest in a "very eatisfactory ' manner. `Mesars. John :and William Field alone, were allowed to'contest the two-yr-old stakes with Soyosa and W. F. The former is a beautiful creature by' .Peter' Wilkins 'out 'of Merry Maid, standing about 15 hands. By her running there is every. probability of a' gord ' career ' for this filly. It woo no race; the filly winning in a common canter, when colled upon by tier jockey. As in cuotomary 'the appearanco of the Cup horses in the field caused considerable excitement. Being open to the whole of the colonies, the event rine attracted much attention for someomonths past. Originally the' following horses were 'entered :-Bishopsbourne, Plenipo, Rag. picker, Boiardo,' Fly, Fireworks, Gloucoe, Patience, Token, The Barb, Strop, Cupboarer, and Warwick. Of'these BiahopshourneoFly, airid Token failed to declare; and since theta Oupbhorer,' Patlence, Fireworks, . The Barb, and 'Ragpicker have been scratched; thus re. duoing the original thirteen to live. Of these three belonged to Tasmania, and tiro to Sydney.' T'heforeigners were decidedly the' favourites in the race. Warwick is anold visitor to Luanoeston; bu l'of Glencoe nod his great running few Tasmanians know much beyond whiat they had-learned by newspaper reports. His owner declared to win with him, and generally the race was put down as a cer tainty for him. "Ho is a "handsome creature, and ottracted muchoatteation in the paddook. Both the colt and Warwick were in good trim. Strop was lesi looked after than usual; hut certainly was never fitter, a., fact patent at the preliminary gallop. Boiardo and Plenipo also looked well, but were novorreckoned upon as likely. Mr. Douglas started the five well together, but on widening out Strep was seen in front and Gloncoo in the rear laying by. Boinrdo then shot through the horses followed I ty Warwick, and quickened the pace. In the second round, the two changed places, and I Plonipo struck the post anddislodged his rider, who fortunately only received a severe attak i ing. Strop now forged ahead and Boiardo gave up at the second mile. Strop led by aseveral lengths followed' bli' Warwick, with Glencoe in the rear. On the top of the hill Ithe laot time round, Gloeeoo possed 3 Warwick and made an effort to come up with I Strop, but the golding was nover cseght and Scame in an easy winner, hands down, It was a fine rao but the pace was very slow. The s oficial titan is given at 5 min. 58see.; but we trave 'heard of auruoroue statements varying from 5mim. 55sco. to 5min. 59jseo. Last o year Fireworks did the same distance in 5 , min. 48 sea. During the lastmile very great excitement prevailed amongst Tasmanians es S Strop was seen to. bold his ground, but 'at the finish the cheering was excessive; and'Mr. \- W.. Field was besieged by parties congratu lating him. On weighing in cheers were gain1 r given,for the owner of the champion, and it 9 was some 'time before the ordinary quiet pro. o vailed. The surprise was great on all hbans, \- and coupled with tine time occupied, the result I soomed moat 'unaccountablo ;;but apart from the good condition of the Sydney horses, it is o not iniprobable that the rest of but is .few a days utter' a sea-voyage was not suoficient. Only, four, horses 'came to the post for the Open Handicap viz, Spitfire, Alarm, Invader,' and- Tankerygee, Cadiand, Paddy's.. Land,' Uuknotvn, and Lady Hi.Tiettley having been scratched. It was a good race between Spit.. fire ,and Alarmtbohtforner:someejhmat on expectedly winning. Spitfiroewas entered as an." unknown,". bat, we Ore: infoimed on good authority that, ie is by,, Phantomnoat of or Little; John mare., In accordance with the regulations Spitfire wta,,irnesdidittely after the race,, put up by auction by Mr. Bell, end was knocked down to,:Mr. Hall for £836: The, race fund will theforore reoceive £11. Tinkery. gee wasl aleo! eubtpitted, and knooked down to Mr. Gatty for £24. It is, not believed to ha a sale.' either 'case; ,(The particulars of the several events aie as follow:-- Masos PLATO, of 30 savs.; once round the 'coarce; for all horse ,'tbat have never won publle money. 'Weights-2 yrs fit. yr. 8st; 4' yrs set, 12Ihe, 5 yrs Ost 9Obs, 6 yrs.siid 'hedn.' t Entrancep 2 svs., Mr TI. WV. Fisld's cli B Boarkon, 4 yr.. See elba; Itolpie-Iltadame nruandlel. Alues agled. lst t ibs balarryowven-hiarrny. Blule tankerbbluele a (ftica ,ove ,..,~,.. tIlIab r Peter Wtitklna-llitlsb Qoese, T'trtan Jerker, blue cup (II. Viany) .,...t.... 0 Mr J. htlNeer's b b Governsor, eged, lost ilolarlo- ileires, iltgeata and block M rr J.liots og Maraqqalta, 'snod, 01s 1 lbs; I'aule or tte Alilddletoeu-Zetrlee. Bluck ornd preen (P'oole)..................o...,,; Mr J. Williums's b to Raze at Northiduwa, aged, fiat ' tib;' itay lildilleton -Little John mane. Blue puket. block and rod eap (lVltlltinrie)........... ....... Mr A. itose, Jun 's, ag Vision. aged, 01s t Illa;' unknown - Mittletuca, 'Carton sadhblock (Italker)...........................n....... Malr W.'Tarner', gr m Iegger. eyrs, 0st Itha; 'Goneroor-Jess, Blue jacket, white hand, tries and whIte cnn (It. 'Virey) '......... Dr 'Jertnora hg W'rranr,,c, 4 yr., 8St tilts (carried elks ever); Lird el lbs Lake Sr. Latter, lilackr (luyford)....................o0 Mr J hecs's b g Cederuge, It yres 7st 11tb,; Peter W~itlttt-Ta'emonant Lust. Red and white (Conner).......... ...... [totting-Even on Cuiluand. 'A' hd start mast effected, rho Rose being lefr at the paos. Cadletit jumped fil wirth tthe; tssd, but massuoon held heck, wtheo Bourbon eiarns ajr and the racca lay tiotwen them,' beth raninan neck and neat', It was a splendid ruts home Bourboe baving a sltgtrt atleanlsge, Let at obe p itt 1 i6lieftqd lil ehorse and a dead beat Wag the reunlte \ Invader third and The Governo fourthl,-,- Time, 2min. Baseo. At the conaluson of the race AMr: W: Field entered a pretest against Iloarbon,., ot trei ground that the horse wan wrongly entered, The stowards resolved thet Iloeroan nd CaOilacod, having Nied, ahould ton agalie at the end of the day , aid if norceaary Ibe protest ahould Co dciaded aiterwards. The resal disposed I'f the protest. At iha fall of theit OCtiind took the ltad, and continued to improve his position, Bourbon holding back. Coming home ijoarhnn challenged Cadilud, bet IIlaet shook him rnf and wan, after an excellent race, by half n-lethle. 'iTime, 2min, 4 e. Two*Yaecn.O*t SBTAeS, o' SO osve., 'ilib sweep of 10 aov. added; tlif ionreit -,-Weight, Sat tba,; flitiee adgeldings allowie 31li. Distance one mite. Mr John Fieled's Ir f Seyes 8 at; Peter 4Vitkin.-Merry Faild. 8J ak and green, Mir IV.JFields b e W.:F 81'at 3 ibn';,Peter cWitkiaa,- Witch.,1l l\ito and blue. (Jamie. -'No betting, "hot offers= made "to lay 2. to I on Sycea. 0. i ; The colt led -bya .neck until the hill w reached when the filfywas called'upon and wte hfid held by two lengths l,'ime 2 oin,. 2 see. CnHoAnMO Cur, of400 Bove., withasweepotoo0er, added t hita forfeit t secone thorse to receive 75 aasanodhleied horse 25 covs. out at the sitokee.- Weighta-3 ris 7at, 4 yrs eat GIb, ' yeyra 'it, 6 yre.a'nd aged 'stt 61b; mares atnd geludinga allowed 3ib. ,The winner of the PIort Phitlip Stokcer to carry"'6beta Dusauace three mileef " xta Air W. Field's bg Strop, aged, 9 at 2 lbs; Panlo-Little John mare. White etidblue, Mir J1. Talt'e'. cla Glenn~ t;4yre, 8 at.SIe Lord of the litas. ,Black jacket, yellow caps. - (Stanley) ........... ....2 Air John Tart'aeb ohR arwick, ned t Oit2tha; -Sir Herenles.. -YellowJ cket, black.cap. ('reylor). l, ::.¶..t.... 11 ..L .......1. Air J. Field'es& it inieordo, 4 yr., Bet Flbs Bolardo-Merry Maid. Blck andgreen. (Ua~rter)i;..c ::...'. .g 0 Mfr T. 1W;Field's ebl a Plenipo,'1s. yrs, let I Peter .Wilkins-Lady Hlamilton. Blue and red , (Jamltson) ................ 0. c Betting-Even Ioun Glenoeoo ; 21 to l e:gainat W arwick:,. . ; :3 ') r,., ni :00..0.1 An excellent start woeeeffected. -Strop lad oWarwiek- ifllowing, taopely, ,with eBolardo and -Pletaico neat, ,and QGfpcoe. bloaltoig 'op tba rear., Allib the "hrs~~eswee ging easy. On the hiil Glen6o'enlimrohed liei position slightly, but hbrd held. Out passing the stead the first tie Baulardo was teadinrig wihihWerwtiok close by, Strop, prd, Pleolpo, 4th,;apd1Gloncdi still in the rear., Ip this order the lot raced close together untilkhe lollowi was reached, then Warwick "took flbet'pl ro ,, rit,,flaardo pgotoa passed bin oie the bitt.' Hero,' Plentilo threw-hii rider, and \- woas'oetitot the; race, Baitardo gave up shortly afterwards.; Theptand', was, reached the second time with Strop leading, pna Warwick and Glencoe following neck and neikat< his heels. Strop now increased hisviend byll0 or 12 yard,; but Warwick followed.htm. and Giencoojput on a spurt, acnd at the hilt they were ait tgether again. It wasja splendid race houtsStrop'geig cpay, and a Glencoe and Warwick wilppieg: Strop cane in a winner' by two leingth, Glecoo 2nd, and Warwick four lengtie behind. Time, 5 mir, 58 sea.' - .. . 'ý. ; Ozone IanoroAr, of 60 sows.; once round and a diatanco. "Ttheetlnner to be sold by public e auction immediately after the race, -and the d proceeds over £25 (if cay) to go to the race fund. Entry one son. 'Tho winner of any event of rica meeting to carry Sibs extra. o Air II. 1). Parr's tlk g Sijltl e, saed e at 4lbs; unknown. Tartan jacket, blue cap (it. Fir WV. Feld'us hr g. Alarm, aged, Set 12its;I unPaula-iountainSylph. White and blue it (Conk)................ h Air WV. If. Fleeces erg Invader ({late Shearer), it aged, eat 41bs; Garryowen- Laney.' Site 9 Jarket, black cap (Carter)................. 0 e \r W. A. Solornan't ti m Tainkerygee, aged, a sct; Sir Walter. Blue jacket, yellow cap (G. Viney) ... ............... ............... 0 Batting-3 to 2 on Alarni. 5 The horses got awayavell tog thir, totpitflre t and Alarm speedily took' up' aico froet, and the others were out of the race:` treo ratigamely, ared Vineey landed thee,' black';a' winner bya u anpth only. Tim e, 2mlnl 7ec.1% srrnon' ul Strop I. the'propertyo a,AID; lYillIatn Feled, of '~Etlflld,'Tanmealeet'an tcieswta'ht'e by' ebat tenele. man. lie is a heodsomeltigbn bay gelding, and is b hytie lamous Panta oat .-of,.aLhttlq-aobl more. i. is now J, yr.. old, and ;ptaoe a wards of 16 tiands high. Rio first apppera ice " the'tart was in 1800, when aiLth Sit Sits he itcfrked"nf the e Laonceston Chmenilori' (onp, beating Ben Solt (get 2ibs), Rose of Denmark (aSt tbs) Stony V (Sot 6 bo), Cotherstoneh-(Sst6tbhe),-Cadtand (eat 31he). VotunteerrJ(0et;Shtis),''a iurtisf (Set 6tha), a and Self-Reliance (8sb :lbe)-- In February, 1867, Strop agaon urnafor the yLiatocesian Champian Cop, hut was beaten- by iqbholoyVoiodeeer, and n Warwick Volunt neer, als bea OIo ithe.Te mnit a~cp i1'dQueeoae Pta ý ieia wo frt. towfbg day''. Ia Ife ikt ran'tpthe Mfelbourne Cup in October with sit 7ths, 'bnwiers ibdatcn by a Tim Whither (et t libe), Glencoe (tat 4ths), and d others. Ile alto contested oeueceecsutly a in Melbourne the Rpqai Ppxk Stakes, which o were tfiken ty Warwi ckdqoo a ilbta ' Queses o Plate; whieh was owoetl y-TtnaoWhVifr, equal weights i DakeohtEdlnbbrghi Stakes, plod won by Tain :Whilflr; sand Plert ., ialllie;liakee5 which weretakeun byihe BIarli, uile. t.spiearedat Hlobart Town on January 22, 18g8 oelan he woo o tlia Great Metropolitan Champron ileadicap, ocid on the:24th he wono the -Prince Alfred' Handicap. LHe eonteated,.the Launceston ,Champion Cap of a Jeot year with oie 21bte,ueid woe beateoitly Fire. -works (7ue) anilTim Igiclfleir .(fl});;flat carried olf.-the i'asmaaoloe haneidicap ttje ne1,qday, Strop a waa again taken to Victoria, aie'reeood for a the Melbourne Cap at the Spribg-l sting, being beaten by Glencoe,, At ;ih oameeetSirop won thie..- ree_.flandicap .,.1o thou want op to Blaltarat, and corry toek e 1v~igi'~as heeatn \- for the Cap-by Jack acid"'Sithersc leie, howtaer, aecoceeded tee pollin off thce Batidhat anedicap, earrylog Lint, heaten Jeekt(6pt 12ihs) and ethers; tee ran teatba Saitt ilandicap, bat was beaten ty NIcihlefooit ond oflbers. On let JeL. last be ran get the'New Year's Dasy Fleethig of 'tbie'V.ll.C.i earryineg Set l0lba on the bot Ptcttiip:Stakee, hat won beaten by The Such (flat Sths),aad Gleoccoe tDan). Hslnex appearanice wie. as wlnnar et the ttthrdl Chainpion CupE to .Tasmaoaits'i detailed above. -u.- I Year. WInner. A. RIder. Time, W~t, ) 1550 Fiytoe Bauck (V.) 3 . Yoenid .~.. S 67fl a. laneoZue (HS.W.) .. a .. Acluwerth,. 5 an 9.3 la0t kon Q ,) .... a ..Aahworth,. 5 07 e a t8ol Flurmuzn (UlT ). ci. blrmpson .. 0 34 flI 502 Tatiayrand (V.).. e ,.. Aahwortb,, 5 2 OtOS i8eiS flrwon (V.)... 4 ... W~aldock;.. e-n atfi1 t8tS Ledy tlird (N Z.) 4-... ttedwogdnS 4 9.I toe-a Motrmon (NSW) a ... Stimpeori,,, e 38 9.t ter. tishotok(L ).a.. Ko..aity...... 0 453 0. t868 erop (R~hdep.) 6 .,. Waieh...,,.a5 4 7.15 J 18tS Fireworks (L.)... 3 ... Davies..5..&48 7 0 1etS Strop (L.)......a ... ialeesa... na 0.8 * Tarragoaund Mr. Tail's .V'olnltertr by NtWr woo t in tmin 48e. 