AULD LANGSYNE. Marvellous is the power of old associa tions. The familiar nickname you have borne at school or college exercises a spell over you to tout dying day; &t; least, if it do not, you must have been more than usually successful in the cultivation, 'which all of us think we have to practise for our ease and advantage, of deadened feelings. For my part, I flatter myself I am as care fully weeded of all genuine spontaneous gush aa most of my equals, or even of my superiors; and yet, if the compound house holder himself were to rise again, confront me suddenly anywhere, .and address me familiarly as Pod (the nickname I bore at school),' I feel sure I should, on the spur of the, moment respond not uncordially; and . if he. were to proceed to ask the loan of half-a-crown, I should be very near (but I should i^en have had time to recover Myself) pulling out .the exact sum. I can ' mention a few cases in Doint '''. K /Jtfeejt? j^ $wy TOn^vorih Howard, ?LSJwHB, Mwe, . : ?yrjip werejyraamiliar' form BRb.pajlJ^k. ' T h^ not met him more BTSuiaoneeor twice since he left school, I *toione day I saw him at Lord's.' : He Fw been ; several years in India; he had ft iamvedftt the rank of captain ; he wore a B;,-n0St distmgnished air; he was dressed to I perfection; . and be had: with him swhat f looked like a fellow-cairtain, of similar ex f terior. Xcaine suddenly upon him; and I i inusticonfesa (what nobody can possibly . .^ttigretmore than I do) that there was (and . is) fipthiBg injny outward appearance— - tom'unf ashionable hat, down an unstrik ing face, past. wclUwom'rwaistcoat and trouserti to clumsy boote-Hto give, proi mise of «n «ligible acquaintance;' and. I' ? , lure had reason^since to believe that.if he had been allowed a little time -for contem j filationjBnd;preparation, or.if I had oajled ?)JnimiCaptain:Hbward, oreven ;Howaid, he: jwouldrhave cut ma :Biit,as Ihave said, ?? I came .upon .him suddenly; and, wjhen surprise elicited from ine a joyful cry of AHollo, Jncij'\ jths .familiar, voice and xmme . w^re . too much .for him, and' he .greeted me quite,coraially; . whilst compa ibion cpuld 'not believe his eyes, and ,was : obliged to put a glass in one of ihem to assist them in (discovering the truth. The .companion, moreover, was facetious enough to observe afterwards, as I have been in formed (by a. kutd friend), thathe couldn't vlhink.wfcaiif was Howard had got bold of. ' I had serious thoughts of inviting that companion' %6, £ght-acro3S a handkerchief; -for a British officer who accepts a chal ? Iengenow4i-daysmust beamadman— and I don'tthmk the companion was. ?? :: Then ^there's Bradshaw. I heard the .. JlheniUlt' frAtiii. IllR/AWn linn TlraAnltaw ihavini arrived .at the age of thirty-five, 4-eing(ashe has himself been known upon occasion to declare) a perfect' gentleman, wearing moustache, beard, eye- glass, 'and ' - «11 the appurtenances of a personage who must be set down as at least somebody, displaying a ^generally haughty demeanor, :which,' as. a stranger once informed Mm to 3iis' content rather than anything else), ?Hdidu^J4,rtite .conversation, or,?' and priding himself npon the fact that he ?looked «*Klfe*»i-EKt8-perfection, had, nevertheless, a Weak point, dating from #wer so many years ago, in the majesty which .'did hedge Turn. Fugit irrvocabile ' ver&tuk; *nd the unapproachable Bradshaw could not dissociate himself from a nick name which had stuck to him «t school: Md flu* nickname wm Jink*, Kow, « sclinolfollow of Bradshaw's andsniine, whom we had neither of us seen for many years, had fallen into disrepute, in conse quence of having done something ' queer ' (or, to be more explicit, by no mean* honor able), and there was a general understand ing that the ninn who had so done could be no longer known. One day, however, I met Bradshaw, and he said to me in an excited mauu|r: 'By Jove! what do you hink? I came across So-and-so just now, and it was deuced awkward. I felt inclined to cut him, but he came up to me, and held out his hand and. said : ' How are you, Jinks ? ' And what ever are you to do when a fellow calls you Jinks 1 You must shake hands, you know; and, upon my soul, when I recollect what that fellow was, I can't believe all they say about him,' And I'm very much of Bradshaw's opinion. Even bishops — if one who was himself eventually a bishop be worthy of credit — cannot altogether rid themselves of the influence of early associations, and are liable to let slip from their tongues, some times to their own discomfiture, nicknames or epithets affixed in the days of youth. According to the eventful bishop's story, a reverend gentleman named- VUtiers, who had just been promoted to a bishopric, and was under the first joyous effects of promo tion, encountered in the street, and ac costed an old college friend, saying: 'Ah ! how are you, mad Talbot 1' ' Glad to see you havn't forgotten old names,' answered Talbot, sardonically — ' I congratulate you on your bishopric, luihy Villiers;' for by this style and title, Latinised and softened by clsssical scholars into Lucius Villierius, was the right reverend father said to have been lcnown at college. So deeply rooted, then, and so hard to be eradicated, are the affections and memo ries of ' auld langsyne,' that 1 can easily believe Morris, who tells me that he has never recovered from the wrench it re quired to break off an old friendship. ' If I were to live a hundred years,' said he to me, earnestly, ' I would never quarrel irre mediably with an old friend.' You may answer sullenly, as Jonah answered when he was asked, ' Doest thou well to be angry? ' and say bitterly, ' I do well to be angry, even unto death ;' but if you let your anger cany you as far as Morris's carried him, you will have many an hour of exquisite remorse. The old friend's face will haunt you as you lie awake o' nights ; the old friend's face will appear like a ghost's in the midst of a joyous com pany, of whom you are one, and, like a ghost's,' will spoil your mirth; the old friend's face, careworn and haggard, will confront you in places of public resort, and you will be smitten with a dreadful pang. Where and when you least look for it, the old friend's face will crop up before you, and assume an expression of utter uncon sciousness, after one momentary gleam of inexpressible meaning. Better, you will riiinfc^ for the instant, that old fashions had prevailed — that one had slain the other in honorable fight; then the living might at least have mourned for the dead, saying, over his grave ; ' Alas, my brother I ' And yet I think Morris, if ever any man had, had a reason for quarrelling ir remediably. Let his simple story be heard, and then let judgment be passed. Suppose that Morris and I are walking arm-in-arm on the unfashionable side of Rotten Row— that is to say, on the narrow path on the Knightsbridge side. On a sudden, Morris mutters between his teeth : 'Confound that fellow — he's every where; and he looks exactly like a ghost this time.*' ' Whom do you mean 1 ' I ask. ' Do you see that hollow-cheeked, gray haired man, on a very sober roan cob?' 'With a rat-tail 1' 'Yes; and the rider has shrunken, old man's legs; a nose like an eagle's beak; ejes that you can hardly see now, -but which used to flash like a falcon's; drop ping chin;, and stooping shoulders. 'Yet he was bnce M.handsome a fellow as ever you saw; and you'd Tiardly believe he is younger than I ant*' ?''.;'?{ 'Nonsense 1 Why, he is as gray as a badger; and you have not a white hair vislble.' : ' ' ' He is younger than I am, for all that; and t, as you know, am considerably on the right side of forty.' - . 'Butdo'you know him?' 'No; but I can tell you his name: £t is Horace Paton. And he haunts me as if he were a ghost-— the ghost of the good old times.1' ' Then you do know him.*' ' flSplldo not: I^d; but I quarrelled with him, and swore 1 would never speak to him' again.' - Never you quarrel, old fellow, with an old friend, and a wear you'll never epeak to him again. He'll haunt1 you as that man haunts me; he'll upbraid you, by looking .old and miserable when you can't sympathise-with him and cheer him, as that man upbraids -ine; he'll 'pop up .wherever you are, and send upon you a whole flood of pleasant recollections, which are turned bitter ^bbv gall at the sight of him, when you think what he and you were,' and bow are.' .'But, my dear Morris, this is not at all like you. How in the .world did you ever manage to 'quarrel so bitterly with anybody?' : ? ? 'Well, you shall hear. Paton and I were at , school together, and at college together ; and, though I was a little Mb senior, we were very intimate. There was scarcely any kind of fun which we did not share, and, what is still more conducive to friendship, ..there was scarcely a scrape which one got into which was not got into, by the other. There was one difficulty, however, into which Paton was continually falling, but Which I, through having more means than he had, managed to avoid. .Of course, I allude to money-lenders. Well, things came at last to such a pass, that, if he . were unable to raise a certain sum, he would have to leave the university fora temporary residence somewhere else — pro- bably in a prison — and then he couldn't go out in honours.' And. he was a man of considerable acquisitive powers, and with alibis knocking about, managed to read pretty hard, so that he stood a fai,- chance of- getting a fellowship. His friends were therefore in consternation, and set about procuring the necessary sum. His' kin- folk were, some unable, some unwilling, to aid him whom they considered a scamp; so the burden fell on ooUsgfrfrieudg, What I could, of course 1 did ; and I re- ! fWd to take any snrt of acknowledgment, I merely saying that if he were ever in a po sition to repay, he could, utid 1 felt quite sure would ; otherwise, such a matter would go for nothing between him and me. j Well, years went on ; I Jiad left tlie uni versity (not without a degree— don't think that) ; had got though what little money 1 had ; had been very unsuccessful in every thing I tried my hand at ; and had ar rived almost at what is called ' the lend me-half-a-crown stage.' Indeed, it was all I could do to keep a roof over my head. Dinners I read of, but seldom touched (uot for want of inclination) ; and 1 wa5 a living proof that ' inau wants but little here below' — just to maintain existence. Seedy to look upon I was, and very weak ; and I perused with much interest iti the papers the accounts of death ' accelerated by starvation.' Meanwhile, Patou. had ob tained his fellowship ; had afterwards found lucrative employment ; and with his fellowship, must have had a pretty fair income. Still, I knew he had heavy col lege debts, which would make a hole in his means, and take some time Co pay off; so 1 was not surprised that he did not settle with me ; for we had kept up no corres pondence since I had paid a visit to his college soon after he was made fellow, and he might know nothing of my affairs. Oue day, however, I found he had left a card upon me ; and meeting two of our common friends, I was in formed by them that he had asked them to dine with him on a certain day at his hotel, had called to ask me to join them, and, finding I was out, had begged them to give me the invitation. I was at the lowest ebb just then ; 1 felt that if I were to go and dine with him, the temptation to allude to a settlement would be too strong, and I was conscious how un gracious such conduct would appear. I questioned our two friends about his cir cumstances ; they told me, as 1 had sur mised from the very expensive hotel he was staying at, that he seemed to be very nourishing ; and they furthermore said, that he bad himself laughingly admitted that he was ' rolling in gold,' and had in formed them that he was going to be mar ried in a very few dnys. Thin, of course, involved the abandonment of his fellow ship ; and if he could afford to give that up, he must either have come into some thing good or be going to many ' money.' If he were going to marry ' money,' 1 did nut wish to be paid from that source, or give him the notion that I had waited until he was married that I might immediately come down upon him. So 1 made up my mind what to do. I would not dine with him, for the reasons I have mentioned, and be cause my ' seedy appearance would have made it uncomfortable both fur him and for ine ; and 1 have alway shrunk from ex posing my friends to that sore of reflected discredit. I therefore wrote him a note, of which I have kept a copy : here it is.' I took the copy, and read .- 'Dear Paton, — You were kind enough to send me au invitation by ? ; and you were gopd enough to leave a card for me at my ipd^ iugs. I'm sorry to say I can't diue with you for several reasons, ['m out at elbows,, literally, and out at toes, too, literally ; aud I shouldn't like to appear at your hotel in that condition. I can get scarcely anything to do ; and what I get barely suffices to pay for my lodgings aud keep me alive. 1 am often in a position to excite tnu euvy of that alderman who was envious of a beggar for being hungry. But that is uot all. ' ,11 I were to diue with you, I feel that it would be ungracious to take that opportunity pi alluding to what 1 could nut help men turning ; so I have preferred writing. Per haps you recollect some pecuniary transac tions between us, a few years ago, when 1 was fortunately able to be of some little service to you ; and as I am now so situated that a similar service might be done by you to me, to my great advantage, it will be enough, I daresay, to mention the fact Pray, don't exceed the bounds to which I went ; and if seem good to you, I will consider that I am asking a loan which 1 will repay when— and I think it will not be long before — I can. Mini), I am not claiming a debt ; I am only asking a tit for a tat, a quid pro quo. If you really can't do what 1 want, only write and say so ; and I shall be sorry, but— tbat'iTall.— Yours faithfully, Edward Moebis.' 'Well,' said I, 'that seems simple enough. I suppose he called, paid up, and said he had called before for that very pur pose.' ',He neither called,' said Morris, with h_ sigh, 'nor took any notice at all of 'my' letter.' 'The scoundrel!' I muttered between my' teeth.' '' '' 'It 'seemed to me such a heartless, cruel thing,' continued Morris, '.'that, after waiting two .or three days, I made a resolution to go to his hotel, tell him my mind^tind .swear I would never, under ,any circumstances, speak to him , again. It 'wasn't the money I cared about. so much ; it wasn't the money I cared . about ,so much ; it .was that the man with. whom 1 had shared good and evil, and whom I had helped, to: save from .what appeared to be imminent ruin,. seemed not to care a. sheet of note-paper whether I died in the gutter or not I can't pretend to be very vir tuons.and strict about money-matters; 1 owe people money myself ; but I wouldn't be indifferent to the misfortunes of a man who had done me a kindness, and told me I could return it.' 'WelL' 'I. was informed that he had left his hotel the day after ? and ? had dined with him. They told me, at least, that he was to have done so, and was go ing straight into the country to be mar ried. As I didn't feel any grudge against his wife, and didn't wish to do anything which might possibly interfere with the pleasantness of her marriage by ruffling her husband's temper, I determined to bide my time.' ' Well,' said I again. ' Some people might suppose that my determination would become weakened by lapse of time; but that is uot the case with me. I am far more likely to become set than irresolute about a purpose by de ferring it ; and the more I reflected mi Hi. man's conduct, the more I resolved t- break with him for ever. After more than a year, my time came. Circumstances im proved with me, aud after a while Mastei tatoii appeared ou (be some, Wo were mure than once in the same public room together, I but, as T do not like public scandals, I I determined to wait unless lip .-lmuld ac- I cost me, for a more [«iv;ite opiionuiiitv. i .Men wlii' knew botb him and mu told im- ' that he often inquired iifeer me ; but some- ' how, tliouyli lie mutt have seen me two ur three times as plainly as 1 saw him, he sat at a distance from nie, ai/a took great ap parent interest, iu newspapers and periodi cals. Did this look as if he had not received my letter, and as if he were un conscious of bavins; acted badly J Besides ? a.id ? wnuid nave tind him at the dinner how matters were with me.' ' How did it end (' 1 asked. ' Oue day,' said Aluiris, ' i went into a large public room, out of which opened the dour of a 8iua.ll ro'-m. I turned tlie handle and walked in. The only man there was Paton. 1 sat down ; aud 1'atuu, with a great deal of his old exterior coolness, came up to me and held out Ins hand, and tried to say cordially : ' Hollo ! Morris, how are you V I put my bands in my- pockets, stood up (for he used to have au occasional tit of hitting out), aud said : ' 1 wrote to you a long while ayo, and you didn't think tit to notice uiy letter.' ' Where did you write to I' asked he, trying to look sur prised. 'To the ? Hotel,' Baid 1. ' JJou't pretend you didn't have the letter ; it must have readied you. Vour Conduct is sufficient proof that you had it, or you would have called ou me again, or you would not have avoided me as you have doue lately.' ' 1—1— I,' stammered he. But 1 cut him short by saying : ' Will you go into the other room, or sliali 1 ? Tlie further we are from oue another, the better ; aud, ou my Kuletuu omh, 1 will never speak to you again as long as i live !' I daresay i turned very pale : I knew he did, and without another word, walked into the large room, I might have been inclined to listen to the excuse that lie had nut re ceived my letter ; only, added to his sus picious conduct whenever lit had been iu tlie same room with me lately, was the fact, that he bad before, iu the old times, ignored a letter I had sen; him with his snare of a joint hotel-bill in r, (about which i liad never thought it necessary to remind uiiu), aud that uis habit of ignoring uotea whicu could not well be replied to without ;i reiuitt.mce of money was notorious. 1 had imagined, however, tint he would have cousidemd au old friend's misery quite a different matter.' 'I tuiuk you were perfectly justified in acting as you did,' said 1 warmly. 'Well/ rejoined Mums, 'Uont' you ever act in the same way. I don't think 1 would again, wuatever provocation i had By some utrauge sort of Neuisais, that man cuufrouts ine everywhere, i taveu't walked here for thi-ee years until tu-day, aud tuere he is, looking, greyer aud older, aud sadder, and more shrunken thau he was even a week .-ago, when he startled me by appear ing where I could have sworn he would never come ; aud yet 1 cannot ask him ol Ilia welfare, though he was my old school fellow, iny old comrade, my uld frieud.' 1 think I tsbail take Morris's advice. 