iJflUG IH Bl Iff. Earl Behnore aud the Countess, when driving iu tbe bush near KiHnia, gul lost for twelve ' Lours. The name of Mr. Gilbert Roberts, of the Duke of Edinbur^b Theatre, Melbourne, anncai s in I tbe list ol iuBolveme. I On Tuesday morning a horse, belonging I to Jlr. Tboiuas Uleaves. na bliot in i Ii.- busli bv b.,h,,. piirbon uuknuivn, Eburlly uflcr baviug been turned out lo graze. A late Beechworth paper says : — ' It is with no email decree or taliKlucllou n observe Ibat at last tbe attculioo of capimllsts has beun dlrecWd to '.he UvenB, aud tbat the lonnation ol joint stock couip&nies; id uoiv of almost daily occurrence.' Mr. H. J. Wrixon, M.L.A., has been lec turing at Belfast on tbe subject or 'Ghosts and S-pirlis.' The able and karned lecturer's belief seemed to be Ibat 'ghosts' arc a reality ! The hou. Mrs. Da (Jane is tbe daughter of tbe Late Lord (Jhanc.-lior Lyudburst by bis second wife, tbe daughter of tbe lmc Mr. Goldsmith. A rumour has reached Adelaide that one of Mr. G. C. lianker's ruus, including the woolebed and other buildings, bas bees destroyed by fire. The Adelaide com market is still firm ; wbcatls quoted at 4s 3.1. for immediate delivery, and 4b. Id. la offered lor delivery iu all Jauuary. The idea of a bushman's home is being well supported In Adelaide, and its establishment is now looked upon as very probable. A small seal, abuut tour feet and a half long, was eboton Monday on the rocks, near the lower lighthouse, at QueenscUff. iub puiice arrested ua lourHuay, a man named William Sandford, on a charge of baviug wil fully murdered the lufaut which was found uuiler the Itpcr-atret-t bridge, Kynetou, on the previous day. Mr. M'Lachkn, the police magistrate of Sandhurst, is about to quit that place on have of ab sence for six months, tbu leave commencing on Mon day next. A bush fire has been raging at Condah, and we (Western Timet) regret to say has destroyed a large acreage of good teeding grass as well as many yards ot ieuclng. Mr. Moore, the uuder-secretary, has re tired from the public Bervlce under trie provlBluDS of tbe Civil Service Ant ; and Mr. W. U. Odgers, chief clerk In the Chief Secretary '6 office, has been ap pointed to be bis Bucctsnor. The total number of men who have been sent down to Wellington on tbe armed coustabulary service it vis. We learn from Captain Stack that the reoiultlug is now stopped. Ad uusuccesstul attempt was made on Thursday to stop tbe Gotilbum mill. Tbe driver reiuied to comply with tbu order to 'bail up,' aud tbe bushranger tired. Mo Injury was, however, done. Mr. North, of Albury, reports that Mr. J. Cox, of Uangopltb, has pm chased Irotu Sir. Bovtkr the Tallandoon station, on die Alilta Mitta, with luuu bead cattle. The price is £40011. A '.hild fell down a well fifty feet deep at Bowlong, a few days ago, and was afierwHidg nsbed up out of tbe water without having sustained anyperiouBiuJury. ? So numerous have the flying foxes be come in many parts of New tjouth Wales tbat it has b-en found neeeasary lo bold public meetlnga to de vUe meant for tbeir destruction. The man Baker, who was so severely in jured whilst out on a shooting excursion In neighbour hood of Glenwyllun station on Wednesday last, Is pro gressing as favourably as can be expected. The Tasmauian journals remark that if the submarine cable for tbe stralls left England in December last. It is full time that tbe survey was made of the part of tbe straits which it is to cross. A man was the other day charged with steallnghalf-a-crown from tbe collection-plate at tbe rrcsbyterlan church, Beechworth, but was released, the evidence being insufficient for conviction A testimonial, in the shape of a rich and handsome silver cup accompanied by a memorial handsomely engrossed on parchment, was presented by tbe officers of the Beocuwurth liaol to the gover nor, Mr. CasUeau, on Thursday last, on the occasion of his leaving Beecbwortb. News has: been received from Capt. Hall who is In command of tbe American expedition in search ot the remains ol 6ir John Frunkliu'a expedi tion, to tbe effect tbat be has found Captaiu Crozter'a watch, tx., in King William'* Bound. ?At a dinner recently given to tbe retir ing Governor by the Hubart Town Club, at which Or. Officer presided, the piiudpai dish was four brown trout from the Hirer l'lenty. the first' cooked In In gnanlA-':' .' ' ? Butcher's meat is' reported to be very scarce on the West Coast of New Zealand at present Beef has brought as much us £3 lot per cwt. at Uokl tlka, and at Westport also the demand It considerably In excess ol tbe supply. The arrangements of the Government for calling tenders for tbe establishment of a line ot full-power steamers by way of the Cape of Good Hope for the conveyance of malls and immigrants are com plete, and will be announced In a few dayB. * The 'weekly average earnings of the 'Vic- torian railways for the past year have amounted to £li;j33, as compared with £10,«16 in the previous year. Thlsls^'satlfnctory rateofincrease£henum- berjof miles open haviDg been the same. ? ? ' . . ? A tremendous bush fire was . raging on. Uonday in BuUarook Forest, south of Daylesford. After sunset the apectacle was fine in the extreme, huge irolumeo of smoke rolling slowly away, like thunder clouds, towards the ctBt. ,, A raluable and well-known horse, Grand Duke, the property of Mr. C. II. Lyon, Bsllanee, died. onTfentMar last from tbe result* of an accidental lalL Grand Duke a son of the famous tire Laner eosL . ?..??? :?'?;! The barque Blackwatch, from Liverpool to Calcutta, put into Mauritius on the ajnii November, to land the crew of the ship Persia, of i88» tons, from Greenock. with a cargo of coal, lor Bombay, which bad been burn t «t eea jon . tbe Slst October, ,. ,:ji.. r 