-THE TWIN SISTERS, AGRICULTURE AND HORTICULTURE By. Mae. LYDIA 11. SIGOUm?EY. "They leave no sting in the heart of me mory-no stain on the wing of time."--The -Hon.Jlarshall P. Wilder. Brown Ceres one' day with Pomona was . meeting N'seath autumn's inspiriting smile; Sogiving each other a sisterly greeting, They sat down to gossip a-while. "I hope you're quite well, dear, this elegant Sweather." "How charming the country," they said. "And how do you prosper "-both speaking together "-With regard to your- business and trade ' "oo.k where the rude thorn bush and bram i.. ble were springing, Withfruitage the Apple tree bends; ,The scythe of the mower at sunrise is swing Arid the song of the reaper ascends : Let -ns walk hand-in-hand, for no obstacle caring, . Till vineso'er the mountains shall grow;." Its suit of green velvet the brown heath be wearing, And deserts with plenty o'erflow. : "The gold in its mine with excitement and wonder May summon an emigrant band, And the chariot of Mars trample on in its thunder, But we're the true'strength of the land. "For us, no .lorn wife in her cottage is grieving, Earth welcomes us both in her prime. No sting in the bosom of memory we're leaving, No stain on the pinion of time." TaE? OAPUHcIe' SEmaON AT THE CATHE D~AL oF ST. STE'PHaN, AT VIENNA.-A Capu chini, preaching a Lent lecture at the great cathedral of St. Stephen at Vienna, is said to have startled his audience by a fearful narra tion, somewhat to the following effect: " There was once a huge and wealthy monas tery in this duchy. Its vineyards produced rich and well-flavoured wine. Its barns were filled with all manner of store. Fat beeves chewed the cud in its meadows Carp by thousands were leaping its fish-ponds. The neighbouring trout stream was the pride of the monks and the envy of every other re ligions house in Germany. Well I the rev. fathers ate, drank, and were merry. They never kept a Lenten fast. They were utterly unponscions of the pangs of hunger' or the humiliations of penury, so they never, fed the famishing or clothed the naked. They had more wine than they required for the Mass; and not enough to turn their mills with, sd they caroused from night till morning, and from morning till night. One solemn day, a day of penitence ana prayer according to the rols of-their -Order, they were. indulging hi wild uproar and revelry. The refectory echoed with snatches of licentiohs song and laughter following some double edged gibe. Suddenly -a loud knock was heard at the outer door, knock, knock, knock, ! The janitor went to open it, and was startled by the apparition of a thin, tall man-his. skull-bones scarcely covered with the parchment-skin .stretched over them. He was ttired.in the frock of the Order, but the shape was antiquated, the ma terial scarcely to be recognised. ; it was, more over; threadbare and moth-eaten. 'He asked, in hollow and sepulchral tones, for admittance. The janitor was alarmed, and shutting the gate on:the stranger, went to seek instructions from the superior. ' There stands at the gate an odd queer man, who asks for admittance. He wears the frock of our Order, but'- ' No buts,' said the Abbot,; ' let him in. We must show hospitality to the brethren; place him a chair by: my side, fill him a goblet of wine, and fetch forthwith knife, platter, and pasty.' The strange monk was introduced; he bowed ; he took his seat, but his head was covered withlhis cowl, and he ate not. a morsel, he drankqnot a.drop. In a few minutes more knocks were heard at the gate; knock, knock, knock ! Again the janitor approached, trem bling, and faltered forh, ' Oh, Sir, there are hundreds and hundred3 of these thin monks lefore the gate, demanding admittance t' ' Let them all in ! We've iane enough to last till the Millennium !' So in they came, crowding the refectory. The hall was crammed; the vestibule, the steps of the pulpit, where the reader edified the brethren while they dined; the pulpit itself, and many stood on the book board half poised in the air. Then there arose a distant sound as of crackling, crackling; a deadly odour as of flesh burning, mingled with sulphurous steam. Tie living monks were filled with consternation. Their knees smote together, and their tongues 'clave to the roofs of their months, for they felt that they were in the presence of the dead. 'Then up rose the first.ghost that had appeared, and said, 'Brethren, I was once the Abbot of this ancient and venerable house. I ate, I dradk, I car. oused, I -never worshipped.-- In -my heart' I never feared God nor regarded man; and now I am tormented in the flames. These were my companions; they led a similar' life 'of gluttony and lust, and they are in like manner tormented. But we must glorify the Lord even in the fire ! So sing. brethren,' Gloria Patri, et Filio, .el Spiritui Sancto. The spectres hissed out an awful Gregorian tone, concluding with Amen. A loud clap of thun der accompanied the shtain, and when it was finished the strange guests had disappeared-.. the refectory contained only the living monks. They repented; they did work meet for re. pentance. They sold thi?r cellar of wine, and rebuilt their church with great magnificence. They -founded- an hospital. They fed the poor. They nursed the plague-stricken in the year of great pestilence. They died in the odour of sanctity, and let us hope that they will find mercy in that day."-Curiositie. of the Pulpit and Pulpit Litcrature. By Thomas Jackson, M. A. " Have you got your task this morning, Miss ?' asked a teacher of a pupil " No, ma'am," said the artless girl; "but my sister Ellen has got the infiuerza." A man being asked, ai he lay sunning him self in the grass, what was the height of his ambition, replied, "To marry a rich widow with a bad cough," Cio~ro said that he approved of a y6uth that has something of the old mani in him. We wonder how he would have liked a man with something of the Old Boy in him. 