"^STINE-STTAL^fEWS. ¡i [ïnoM ouït r-Aitts coniiESroiirtiBKT.j _ PAIUH, BKi'TEMitr.it 17. TUB amendment of tho Emperor's hoaltb sooms to indicate Ibtt tbo attack has nearly passed off, and that his Majesty's ' "beings and doings " will soon hnve resumed their usual (ompluifon. llhcumatism, coupled with tho painful Kalady for whoso treatment iho lato Dr. Civialo was so itiownedi is nu enemy that is very suro to prove its exist- ir.« by recurrilic attacks ; but localised, as it SOODH tobe íjlho Emperor's case, it can hardly bo considored 119 im uedtífely diingerous. Tho ditliculty of walking is hardly ijelv lo diminish, nshis Majesty can hardly vonturo to try BIT rcmodica but tboio imposed on him by his phj'sicians, vbo» treatment, if confined to the usual routino of araonio j,j prussio arid, will infallibly increase the etilT IiiS it is sought to remove ; but the Emperor's mtcffl is eli" verv tough, and , thero ¡B no ap- urent reason « hy ho should not goon for ten or fiflocn «ara lo come, iho notion that ho might bo thinking of «Micating-s[l llB ,0 accustom tho Fronch people (o the idea cf the Empressas Regent, while really directing tho affairs ül tbo country from bohind the scenes-is one of thiso tjptrfalivi'lj ingenious Bohomos of which it may bo said, as ti jrecocious children, that thoy aro " too clover to livo ;" foithe visits of the Sovereign to tho capital-ho his bopn 5-"rec tiniCB during the presont week-will no doubt send »helively otns of his liege» on some othor tack. It is now , jjjoghl th'nt tho Emprots and Prinoo Imperial will sail on (¡¡> JO'.b of Ibis month for Vonico, whore splendid [«pirations uro understood -to bo making for . ¡har iccept'oM, and whonce they will prooeeid |ifon<tantiit"ple, piyingn viiit to tho JCing and Quoon of , H> Hrllcnc«, m Corfu, on their way. Tho decision ot tho , Creek Government, jti«t reported, to spend #2000, on the, ctHttinnient of the Imperial guests, would seerri, howover, , la iidicato that tho visit will bo moro probably mado to ; /Hens after the return of thoir Hellenic Majosties from . C<ln, trier'they aro now stsj-ing. , ' ; Ihe Eutp'ror'is understood to hayo boon dosirous of , I irng St. Cbud, and nl.o of making up his mind as to 1 vVtc he shall pass tho coming wintor. But his physicians, ' tiled up'- two doyi ago to give their advico on th^se Mi_,aro repotted to havo advised him to postpono his dj- , »Siwa freiii it. Cloud until after the olosa of tho oqui- I CKtisl storm, now raging so violontlj»'; urging that, as lu Ipiittr on so satisfactorily, it is moro prudent lo " lot , F i enoogli al'me." As for tho solootion of tho placo for ïtitering in, that point, thoy gay, muiÇ bo Josorved for ¡attire oin-inTfltion, nod can only bo decided, aooording to lb»!ttto ofhisMnjesty's health a month or two boneo. Tb? annual fite of tho villago of St. Cloud, wbon tho ».«r puk is turned for a week into tho llvoliost nnd most ittrsHof ftlrs, is now at the top of its brief jollity. I"i'rtactImperial went,down a day or two ago with _.« of his young friend*, and enterad into tho dointrs with lil s boy's enjoyment. The four youths took their turn at «.Aunt'Sallv," and tho othor shooting games ; had a " go " n the wooden hors"s, a poop at the various shows, and l«gbtlarg?lyof tops, marbles, fancy boxeB and baskets, "d tb;mo-t't'mpting stylos of gingerbread. Tho annual «file of tho Lodges "-a name apparently without auy rvdi: newin,'-that turns the bpautiful forost of St. (î«nniin into n fair, on a largor and noisier scalo than that ti St. Cloud, took place a week ago, with the UBual oompli ">i)nt of fireworks nnd illuminations. Shorn thoutrh it b3 r!ia wirnt attraction", this Tito dts Zo'jes is yat worth a tWr'i vrsif. ni a study of the pleaauring-wnys of tho |irat!i?s<5 of French people, acores oí gaily dewnitod tia ply ineessintly between tho town nnd the ?MI of tho fete, convoying , the' ploasnro KiSc! in «i/ndi cf tens and twenties ; fowls and jnti ire fein roasting in kitchens improvisad by tho [«a; of rope round half- a-do/.on trees ; mountobanks, ptt», d ino-rsj nnd other porfonnerd of Inch eoxoä, aro turns Ih'ïr toilet i-i dresing-rooms etteuipprisad in tha na'Birmor, at loofrng-glasaoa hung by a nail from, the hticfa tree; partiel aie dining, or imbibing collei or ita (tiraillants, in c1. Mots or gardons, oantriv-od oat of ifarbî'rd/ç anda few cartloads of flîwiraand shruba ; tt?«iilearned dogs, fat wotnon, Bfals thatsiy " l\ipa si thama," and give i fin when told to do so by tho t^r; thora aro photographers who aoll you the portrait r* your future wifo or husbind, conjurors, c mc->rts, tnlM, ball"; merry-go-round*, circular swing!, Russian ¿dg», thootingä for macaroons and candloaucis, and an biailj of cheap trumpery for salo ia tho bootha. During t: tiree day» of this jollitloition the»o woro consuotod 2,dM roast fowls, 10,000 kilogrammes of ham, 30,0d) of tal, 180.000 bottles of red wuio, 10U0 of champigno, 608 [UJ of beer, 300 botlks of brandy uud liqiuiirs, and 1)3,000 "halt-cups" of coffee. lil tho Jews of Europo havo al»o just colcbrat id ono o£ t' mat împurtitnt of their mtional fotea, viz, " Tho lüimlof lVdon ; " but instead of aruuiomont aid foast tjthijdiy seems to bo kept by thom ai a fast of thi mist t.-« kind, and an absolute ubsfention from labiur. irt bl« just lost one of its moat eminent votaries in tb.9 pit Belgian painter, Bni on Honri Lays, whosi funoral tuh'en tho occasion of an ova'ion tonis memory. Tho lit of Bavaria, on tho closing of tho Exhibition of Fino (liol Munich, has deoontol the Fronen paintora Courbot, tat', and Corot, and given gold modala to Jacquo, Da t/tl, Ptliwnay, Ynn Murks, and Appian ; and in sculp- te, to Cnrpeany, the author of tho much-abused group of ¡D'«, vinoso admission to tho f.ieado of tho nsw lyi heute, hos so greatly seindaliaod the Parisians. Ii., th i Sun astvinishud tho arttstio and sclonftlio t'i hj proung hmuelf to be tho most accom pM limner in ex'stonce, few imagined that the te lsn.inarv w mil J become both an engraver and li:-loi. Lo Poitevin first diicovored that gelatine, L"d nth a uiuonin, spread on a sheet of papar and ox |>4lo sunlight tbrjugh a negative, would boomo insol i'etn ill thj pirts struck hythe solar rays, an! romiin kill cstural átate in nil thoäo protectoi from actinic action I) In: dark portions of tho nogativo ; so that, after Bjcnte, all that na 1 to bo done to obtain a pjrfoot print tit to »ash awav all tho bichromatod gelatina that hld Wised its Bolubility. All this, hoivover, required mush tai manipulation, and it ia only now tb.it, ra Iba md of an Englishman, Mr. Woodward, L9 Iit£nn'6 discover} hns bcoti brought into tho ranga í tra n'cat utilitv." A ¡rood pjaitiio being obtained b Le Putlct in's method, it is simply laid on a |ile of tjpe-uiotal, and then subjected to a pressure tllMO irilngrnmmcs (about 400 lbs ) lo tho square ceati t'li», titi n perfect impression 13 thus obtuinod ; tho pJ'lwiiclitnllj engiaving upon the nutal, and coming out tit Um uimiang operation, ns fresh and beautiful as Hute To print oil a plate, a certain ink is simply poured tiitit,and (ills up the depressions; a shoot of papei is Uiourtho whole, a tympan is let down and scrowol on, Ki lb» result is a perfect reproduction of tho ¡photograph, He tut week has seen the infliction of what ono hopos tsjbt tbo deathblow to ono of tho moat impudent litornry uní-i on record, vi/., tbo forgod corro*poûdoaco attributed liGilileo, bj M. elmslea, of tho French Academy, whoso ratebss'hecu sorely tried by tho persistence with which Cb-leabas maintained his assertions of tao gonuinoness tila" treasure trove" for a year past, do-tptt« tho most Millari demonstrations of its vvoi thlessnoss that havo fra trouglit to bear on the matter At last Wodnosdaj-'s BOp of tho learned holy, a let tor was read furn tho t-tuttee utting at Florence, declaring the second of the H'gre'ibi produced by M. Uhaslos to bo a forgery, a3 M mho first. M. Chaules thon stated that tho îuvedti ¡liceof the riorenco committeo having rotisod his auspi t ti,he hod applied tothepolico, and had tho manarrosted «J toll him the pretended documents. Ho then explained Ntbisiiianlnd told him that all tho pipors ho had sold "bra had been secreted, with others, in America; and tit the forty who owned them vi as in possession of an tante number of others, which ho would only sell by Wroents, wishing first to read thom himsolf. Thus is fl[!i_cd the reticence of M. Chasles in regard to tho fute whtneo fie had obtained his precious trash. He l-tdlliat, if the world got wind of the existence of such I »traue, a steeplechase of amateurs would occur, and the r¡w tf the stock of nutopraptu bo ron up boyond his j-tlity to purchase th^m ! The fellow, Rince u arroit, hits confesed to having forged 22,000 Wera ond scraps since 1861 ; and M. Chaslos J*i Mhihlly to base, on tho vastnoss of tho col Mitin of autographs m tho man's possession, a lingering tflbitsomoof thim must surely bo genuine. "Thero jj» ia that collection," urged M. Chasles, '. poonis by l-tje, Hine d'Auiou, Boccaccio, Potratoh and his bo I'fli Laura de Cubero, Comencé Isauro, Villiers, Charles elwin»., ¿c.; and Wera from royal hands, such aa J-ilipAtipustus, Saint Louis, Philippe-le-13ol, Charles V., UrliiVJ,» "hd Charles VII.; also from Agnos Sorel, Wi¡Cour, Joan of Arc, Brantôme, &c;, and others iJy'»M'«"0firi,ticar8of tho Christian en, and cv eu ii na it for tb re aro a *ew letters and numerous notts bj if ¿"' lhe Koimn Emperors tho Apostlos, St ,-"» bl Atiguatino, Grogoivof lours, Btveril of tha I» "'i« lv,BF8i Chirlennnno, and others And Itiv«,?.M. ChifcUs, -Hilh a fmth not entireh destroyed J ' y et thit ho h<i8 tho former under lock and koy. I 1,11 ^ hiuo minted all of those r1 ' [, ^,MU,1 eeem lo bo hardly worth waile HI ,Z1°,,EnccccT(J m obtaining the cov otod honour ot a ¿"5 i "Immoitallortv," only to becomo tho ly(«ous dupe of a hoa\ so transparent < rtn iCMS1J> °r fB.ari.me tl»o epheroof activity for the II \h , 1 ?0IUC,n *ho nrc cnmpelkd by circumstances to ii,.,0T.T»11 i" making itself apparent m oven part . m ,° 'I'""-'1 n iB ougtrly agitated in Tranc«, in ÜBiler'nfii TB!r"v' ?nd mcu ln RUSHi, whiro tho -1 Ih vi lntcrl»r has just sent a note to tho Corni ii 'tiùlmTiIlr(° rcCÙI"m«lmg that body to sanction the M eSlír W0DitI; t0 thl- work of BuHme 'ho lottora m Ä ^ of the couatrj. The Congress of v, ork «.ut ii,! , ' ecems fo htvo dono little moro than voto C,flf °,f 1Ddlv''""l8 to own land, which r< »ío vr.°'iU lo ht,d Jnmtl> b? 'he public, '« tieimli .»Sninit tho princinlo of mhentanco, ^ut E,, L,ut fl,loa t0 curr> a «solution ?.WA"1 P¿°pcrfy , lha PLT Con?rosä 1 li ediiiinl? V .,U!ro M chl"T1!in, dooa not apn3ar ^ultvil E"18h2d ltfieIf hi anything now or brilliant. ¡aliS U0Ï "Pr'auded njpoir to havo bjon a ^HuÄ""^ Sunon'but *°know'a3yet« Vt0sK\?oml]O6lt> oi Victor Hugo's roplyto Telix i-'mdo«nlV,imß hlm lo com0 back t0 *TT> «*« "lUillwS? hmin shower of ridicule, norn all sides, 'a*ÍM au« /yv °Àlkc y t0 ,mîuco h,m t0 raolJlfy «i« BUb Liiï,ly i ft}Íbo tb°lnst °[lho «'««a The languago of Wor IWv. Mt0 finllsl1 hal£ a dozen legitímalo opon l^ÄShV?ß",ariJfa? upou ih0 wack browed Wo Wrttuntv Ä"°r í!acL "., ,ftT««*S thomsolvoo of tho Who in li °rU:d "P011 thom' Wf Al^pre8<lnt duy> fmoinborathe Prmce of Peace, Aieattia, vfho figured so prominently m Spanish deines of half a century ago, eui vVh.o was ítTipíted of his titles bj the/Cortes ? Iho widow of ttiat strange adventurer, reducen to fho unpretondingitylo of Donüj, Godot, has just die«, at Madrid, at the agVof c)2 , dying, how over, not of tlio weight of years', but" iron» bums, resulting fiom having set har clothes otf Û 0 /Sha memory of that othor nobler victim of fiio-'tbo immortal Bohemian martjr, John HUSH-baa jual boan widely colo bratcd A colobt ition of tho ¡50th annivors irycif his death liav mgbeen org tniscd at Prague, where he was troaohorously Inn ed to deith in consc [uenoo of Lia offoitflon behalf of freedom of thought, and at HusBinct7, vvhoro ho w is bom Berlin haB aleo been gottmg up a groat oelobr ilion at tho une vcrmg of tho statue of tho eminent natur ii i bilosophrr, Alexander Von Humboldt The annual shooting match at Llego is to bo vary brilliant 1200 English Volunteers, 700 Ironch Nattonil Guurds, tho Riflemon of Aixla Chapillo (tho liodonok William Sooiety of Prussia), and a great number of o'her foreign competitors aro going thither, and m inv hospitable prcparittioD i oro being maelo by the Colgiana and thatr King to givo them n htartv wolcomo Ne ws inst received from tho North Gorman Pol ir Expo » dition gives an nccount of tho anival of tho two exploring vcBB Is (tho Germania, undor command of Lieutenant Piyen, nnd hoi consort, the Hiusn) within (ho Arctic Region Tho ice being unusually thick, and cold and fog prov ilcnt, it seems doubtful vrhotbVr tho intontion of push- ing on to what Dr Kimo boliovod to bo nn opon sei, ein b-> cerned out by the bravo p irty v ho aro dotormmei to con tribute theil quota towards tho solution of tho probloms of the Polo Of moro interest io tho general roader is tho fact that a eclonj of Germ-ins, under the tjUldanco of an ongineer, Kobcrt Wehrhiin fwho passed soveral years m England served os major in the American civil war, and thou dot d as engiucci to tho Cçropasco It iiiway, m Sou Ji America), ' who wont out last joar to colonrso-tho island of Juan For- I nnuct z, nppoars to bb, thriving very satisfactorily | That island, 1 s_ than throe days sail froai , Valparu«o, was sold to tho- colony by Chili,! and fho seno of the four j oars' extlo of Alexander Selkirk-whoso udvontures suggested to Defoe/ his un- rivalled romaneo of "Robinson Crusoo,"-aa being re- claimed, stocl-ed, andLconvorbd into a prosperous -ettie- . mont Tho i land is described as moot lovoly, and vc"y fcrt lo, tho seventy sotllers found, on arriving th^o, connt ICFB herds of goats, thirty h,"itf wild hornos, and sixty donl cj s-tho latter exceedingly shy Thoy took with thom cows atfd othor cattlo, Bwind, fowls, agripiiHurol mipia menf', boats, fishing tickle^nnd riGtjä, and macrunory of ? variouB kinds' Tho grotto-i-mado famous as Robumon's abode,-situated in a epac, oas valley, oovorod with wild , turnips (excellent food for swmo), ha» boen assigpod to the hopeful young Chilian gentleman to whom th9 caro of tho porcino portion of the society's stock has Won a^atgaed, and both ho and his grunting proteges ara doing well in their new quarters Jüan Ternandt/, unttorMha auspices of its new possessors, has become ono of |ho etatipns wooro whaling voesols take in water and wo ad Thej Viceroy's son, Hussein Pacha, has just left Pans for Suez, in order to bo present at the opeai_3 of, the Canal I '' -' , ' ' ' 8¿TT¿apnn2L , ' Thd Emperor ia now acV entirely, convalriaccni' that tb.r> doctors havo ceased thoir 'visita. Ho rijoa at'7; according to his'Ufual habit, takos his usual early cup bfl^fefuad soon aa dressed, and lunches with'tho Empress at noon.' Ha has receivcet'Marshal Prim, Princo do,Motterriich, and other foreign officials, and presidod(1nt, sovoral Cabinet Cjun cils. His Majesty may thorofo'ro bo oonaidaroir as having rpgainod something Uko hia-usual hbtilttí.',,"' The Empress is still supposed to bo,about to' Jlroceel'tc\ Venice,' on, her way <o tho East; but'it now scorns probable that tho Princo Im- perial will not accompany horj Th'ejjitcp,m frigitoI/Aiglo', which had the honour of convoying" her, to,Corsica nnd hack,',is said to havo complotod hor.arrangomontafor the Eastern .voyage ; and lotto« 'froin* 'Tpiilob,, ,8ppak 'of hor decks being coveroi with trunlca, anti pack ing-raees bonriug tho Emprbss's name», . with that of ihn various ports-Cairo, Alexandria, ComUntinoplo, ¿te -at which they aro to bo landed. It is quite certain that the Empress, if sho hid any real ground for uneasi- ness about tho Emporor's health, could not bo starting on so serious an expedition. Tho puUio of Parla- always bent on seeing into mill-atonoa-has nudo up its mind that tho Empress will not return to France without paying Romo a visit ; and that the real motiva of tho Emporor in sending her there ÎB to let her oxort her pervasive cowers-said to be considerable-with his Holiness, to induce him to cat short tho "Homan Question" by accepting the town of Jerusalem in fco simplo for tho Church of which he i« the hoad, nnd transferring tho Papil Court lhith-r. " What so logical," tho Empress is supoosed to say, "as th»t tho hoad-quartern of tho Christian Church should bo established in tho sttmo of tho lifo of ita founder." The possession of tho city and a certain oxtout of torritory would be guaranteed in perpotuity lo tha Pap toy, which would find itsolf in the onjoymont of a climate bottor than that of Home, und surrounded by tho scones of all tho legends and traditions of tho early Church. The pioty of the faithful would concur to furnish the mams of buileling the Christian metrópolis on tho site of Zion ; and though Dr. Cumming would probably oxult in what ho would doubtless consider ¡is tho fulfilment of ths prophooy about " tho abomination of dotiolation established in tho holy places," Italy would rojoico in the completion of her unity, and tho rest of the world iu tho peiooful solution of a trueibl. some i|ueHtI0n. Another old project redivivas, with about an equal chanco of being cal ried out, is tha ono for cut ing a monstrous canal from Diappa to Paris, so that tho largest ships might come hither,, and Paris ai length find fulfilled her long dream of being " n soaport town." A plan in raliof of tho propojed works is now exhibiting at thî Art Industry 8hyw-i.lT,and the ex-Exhibitton building of tho Champí Elypí-ií, Tha project was seriously diacuäsed under neari lV,,'L 'UÎB'XÏV., the First Napolesn, and ino Restoration, but; glvorfiip'on account; of ct)Bt ftnd difficulty. Tno BUO cçfi of thfe^SÙ^ cutting having caused a reaction, and no project'seeming' too difltault lor realisation, it is now pro- posed to cut" a canal 1G0 kilometres long, 80 motrda wide, and'ten metres deep; and to convort tho hollow baBln of'tbo Seine about Vaugirard into a small " Medi- terranean'"'by hollowiugit out still deeper, and bringing into it lhe waters of three or fonr little rivers of that region. ' '* ' . 4 Tho Prjnco of Walos is sai J to bo oxpactod at Sue.! for tho opening ceremony ; and tho Crown Princo an! Princess of Prussia are alao creditod with tho intention of boing pro sent on that very interesting occasion, TI» Turkish Minister at this Court has just Bot out for Suez. ' Count do'Rochofort, who has mado himself BO absurdly connpieuoua through tha scurrilous platitudes of tho Zahtettie, and wh« told tho doctors ot Paris, at tho late elections, that ho had a "simplo pi in for remedying all social eUfllcuItie«," baa now put forth an equally sapient jiieio of simplicity on tho score of constitutions. The " simple plan" of labt summer was " to doeide that, honco forlh, everybody should boeufli iontlv rich." Ho has now umlerUken to provo, in tho lixppel, tliat piHticul J'difficul- ties " uro ae> eae,y to solve as Boeill opes. " Tho Bystem which I propose, under tho title,of ' Con slilutimot tho Yoar 'G9,' is thus conceived:-'Art, 1. Nothing exists any longer.' 'Ait. 2.-Nobody is oharged with tho execution of tho first decree.' Such, friends und fellow- citizons, is the solo formula of government ivhioh I havo decided to accept and Bunt tin. ího above, cxtractod toxtuully from tho lltppd, of it day or two ago, may Borve to show tho etattwiujiiahip of tho would-be successors of tho Emperor Napoleon. Iholitfor hos expressed so decidedly, to Minis'ers and to the Prefcot of Police, his conviction that tho moat politic courfo in regard to all tho newspaper-folly of tho momant is just to let all Iho little halfponny absurdities that pisa muster as "journals" havo their full fling, leaving thom free to expose their own folly as fast and as completely as they please. This advice ia now boing followed-with what I-UCCOSB tho above quotation may show. All who can leave their usual a'ioet"s aro availing thom 1 selves of tho ability to do so. Tho fiiahionablo watering places aro unusually full, and the great gambling.placoä oro in the height of thoir *' soasen," ono of tho numbor - \ Hamburg-boing greatly oxoitod by tho extraordiniry,luok ' of tho millionairo from Malta who in 1865 broke) tho "bank" nt Bedon, and in 1837 won euormjus suma in Hamburg. lío reached Iho lattor placo on tho 8 h instant, and won 100,000 francs that ! du}', at tho Bame timo declaring tj all about bim, his firm conviction that ha shoul 1 win largoly on tho 18th instant, the anniversary of tho day when, two years ago, ho won 318,000 franca at a single stroke. Strango to say, cn Iho ISth, at tho very hour when, two years ago, ho carried off that sum, ho won, and to an equilly hoavy «mount. This favourite of fortune is described as wonder , fully cool, keen, and as astonishing all the bystanders by telling beforehand whothor tho croupier will turn up the winning or tho losing colour. Whatever his luck, ho never plays for moro than one hour each day; and it is ronnrked ' that whilo he is in tho winning vein, no ono else over wins a grosehen. He left Hamburgh threo days ago, to tho relief of nil tho other gamesters, tho " bank" included. The splendid reception given to the foreign officers who havo been witnessing tho groat autumnal exorcises of the Prussian army, is boing initiated, with less m ignlficenoo, but with equal hcartiuoss and goodwill, by tho pooplo of 1 Liège in regard of tho Volunteers who huve gone thither ' to take part in the great annual shooting match. All thoBO Volunteers, to tho number of Borne thousands, aro boing lodged, feasted, provided wilh freo Beats at thiatros and operas, and welcomed with bouquets, bows of riband, addresses, illuminations, and balla. After the shooting, the King will review tho whole of tho Volunteers prosont, native and foreign, and will then give a banquet to them nil ; an affair which is being got up with equal enthusiasm and method, and will doubtlofB bo fully nppreciatod by all concerned. Tho EuiprcsB Charlot'o in travelling with a suitable escort, and is b»liovcd to bo on her way to rovisit her ence happy homo of Mironmr. The people of North Schleswig are said to havo deter- mined to memorialise King William on tho subjoct of tho plebiscite, by which, according to the terms of tho Troaty of Prague, they wore to l>o called upon to doolaro to which Crown their region Bhould bolong. It is certain that Austria cannot move in the matter, and toloraWy auro that Prussia will not. Denmark, deserted by the guarantors of her integrity, will hardly bo inclined to ovoko dip'omacy in regard to a restitution which she cannot demand by an ap- peal to tho Bword. Tho discontented Schloswigors will therefore gain in all probability very little by tho contem- plated mei.vo, ehould they make it. Tho expulsion of tho over-sharp youths of Frankfotlwho havo been trying to esoapo conscription by getting thempolves naturalised aa citizens of the Swiss Republic, , is going on Bfeadiljr, BO that tho young mon in question will be compelled cither to renounce their sham nationality, or to leave PrusBia. Tho first violim of tho ordor to expel WOB ft youth who bad cot obtalnod.Uis naturalisation papers, "" and who had'gone'TQ'Offènbfton, ixt Gotha, while^waifjing them. The police invited him to atato his country a^d moans of existenco. The youth ' replied that hS had, for the moment, no* 'country, ' having ronounced Prussian nationality, and not having as yot aoquirod any other. Tho police then told him that tho law compelled thom to send back individuals with no fixod rosidonco to tho placo of their hirth, ond that ho must quit Offen'uch in two days, or ho would bo sent baok to Frankfort. The Pruss an Par- liament ia to meot on tho Gth of Ootolor ; and tho Progressionists aro actively preparing fdr tho coming campaign against tho centralising tendencies of tho Government. At a popular meoting hold a fow days iinco, at Wiesbaden, tho follow- ing resolutions wero adopted :-To oloct only Progression- ists to tho Chamber and Reichstag, pledged to gratuitous primary instruction, the reform of schools, and separation of Church and St ito ;' reduction of tho standing army, and shortening of military servioo to two yoars ; autoaomy of communoa, circles, and provinces throughout the roaltn ; entiie liberty of the Press, and removal of tho rostriotions which hamper it at present. It waa f 'irtbor proposed to doniand the abrogation of all legal provision« which inter- fere with the right of meeting and association. Count Von Bismarck has been to Berlin and transacted some businosB, lut ho left BO speedily for his retreat at Varzin thut tho rumour naturally spread of his health having suffured fruin oven that short return to tho earea of Stato. Tho Diets of tho countries forming the wostorn half of fhe Austrian monarohy aro,at present in full aotivity. It is already'ovidont th it thoso assemblies will not all como to tho samo decision? on all points. Direct oloctions, publio instruction, the Conoordat, &c;, will not be conaidorod in tho clerical and reactionary Tyrol as they will bo in libár_l and progressive Lower Austaia. But tho Government has re'ifoa to bo satiafied with the ati{in<ts of all these bodies, which seems to bo one of loyalty.to tho Crown, which hm novv iccorded to each of tho territories tinder ita jurisdic- tion'pictty nearly allit haa askod for. The attitudo of tho Piet of GflHichi (Austrian. Poland), whoso first manifesta- tions appear to havo been watched with somo anxiety at .Vienna, has conclusively proved that this import mt pro- vince does not intend to break with the Imperial Power to which' ' it owes iitfl present improved position. The iator view between Baron Von Beuat and Princo Gorfeliakoff, lost'WcekVin Switzerland, seems nçt to havo boom thrown away, as na ihimodiate resumpfiou of diplomatic rolatioas between their respective countries has baeu decided on. trhejjdecîsions arrived at by tho German. prelates now ó^eínblcd, at Fulda, aro docidoily against tjio contemplated action of tho coming- Counoil. In, regard to tho projects now being elaborated at Rome, tho-Absombly at Fulda is explicit. "TPapk"li infallibility, r now doctrines about tho .Virgin,', fho'Sour'co of GracOj&o.;, aro doprecatod by it as unnecessary^ unsound, and likely do. lead to conflict with " the tSlate, with 'science, and withiho just claims of human progress.'', . Tho Bohomian . prelates are motuorialistng tho Pope against the prejeot of new doctrines, and expressing (heir desire to seo the Catholio Council "duelire tho Church to'bo" tho friend and protectress of ,soionco and pt, progress.". ^, Altogether, tho Roman Concia, vo has ground -"for .' regarding tho , coming occloBUstioal *ipqvv'-'wovy'" ".'willi "'full, as mush apprehension as exultation. Üéro, .in PariB, the Ultramontane party is ¿ghost' at tfio'budden secession,of ;tho eloquent preuchotof Notro Darno, FatJier,_ryaci_.tho, Superior of, tho Order of Barefooted Carmelites,' in Paru, who has withdraw from preaching,', dad from tho< Carmélites, .because his Biqpnsjlp superiors nt Romo have eaijolnod on hint! to ?proaoh doctrines lió has never preached, which he declares to bo UEScripVurnl, and in i regard to which ho declares in'his Otter "'thal he brings them bofore" the tribunal of-Jesus. Christ for.judgment." - The horror of amazement and dis nia/tuifyhas fallon" onltlio party represented by M.-Veuillot and Uto, Jfnivcrs, at this . secession of ono of the most eloquent lind moat'inlb-ientittl of the " great guns ", of the Church ia t_i_¡ capital, may,bo; botter imagined than described." ' ' ' ' Tho Dutcd\ and -Bavarian Chambars aro now sitting. The manager of thejppera at Munich has been compelled to reuounoo the attempt 'to perform Wagnor'a now opora, ',' Rheingold." Tho opera consists of a succession of vague acoustic tirades', of-eighty lines oach, by fourtoen per- sonages, ono arter the other, without a morsel of duet, trio, glee, or chorus to broak tho monotony. Tho vvholo is so emphatically "cratsy," that tho orchestra declare it to bo "impracticable;" and as tho favoured fow admitted to tho lchearsals pronouncod it to bo equally impossible to Liston' H if, this new effort of "the JIusa of tho luluro" Las be n consigned to private life. Tho ¡?punish Cortea will shortly reassemble, for the election ol' tho future Sovereign, who, it is now gonor.illy udmittei, will probably bo Duke Thomas of Genoa. That young Prince is spending his holidays with his mother, at StrcBca, on Lake Mazzioro, and is to roturn to Harrow on their ex; iratioii. Dm Carlos has retired lo Madrid, where ko has boon jt.incdby his "Duchess," who, as she was leaving Paris, perceived that she iad just bean robbodof 25,00P francs of jowellery, a serious lo^s to an ambitious young couple, with Blonder moans, and slendoror prospocts. Coi glosses ore tbo order of the day. The French Scion - liGo Congress, the last on tho list, has just separated aftor eight days of discussion in tho old town of Chartres ; not too long a session considering that its programmo inoludod "Physical, Natural, and Modioal Soionco, Agriculture, Manufactures, Arcbawlegy, History, Literature, and tua Fine Arts!" ' . Ue.TOHEll I. xnrougu tue pass week Pans has been m a stato of «"'most Iranliç excitement, .eoueequèut on tho discovery of a f ragedj- believed to be un paral le-lod in tho annals of critno the massacre, at midnight, in a Held ouly a hundred yards from the suburban station of Pantih, on the Eastern I-o.il vraj', of an ontiio family (a mothor and six children) by a youth of twenty, formerly in the employ of tho husband ¡.ud fnth-r. wbo-e body has «ince beou found in a'wood i ear Guebwfllor, in Alsace. The unhappy family, named Kintk, lived at Roubaix, where tbo father was doing a thriving bu-iness BB a brushmakor, had laid by money, and was'preparing te purchase an estate noar" Guebwiller. The murdeier, n weaKty-looking young m»n, nauiad Tropvnun, conceived tho tiendibb. project of mur- dering his etnplovcr and his whola faxttly, in frfer to poFBCBS hiraHelf of his property. Aided by two ace-oinplioo«, not yut discovered, he accomplished tho murder of the father on. tho do-cent of tho latter from tho unnibus which took hitit from tho station at Bol viller to the villago of Guebwiller, which place he was not allowed to reach, when, a fortnight ago, ho left Roubaix for that placo, in order to complote the intended purchase. The murderer, disappointed at finding no money in his pockets -ho lind tranumittod bia funds to the Guebwillor Post« ofliee, where they still aro-then, by moans of forged lottera purporting to come from the father, invoiglod tho rest of the family lo Paris, 'and thenca to Pantin, tho soena of the massacre ; and there, withi pickaxes, hatohots, and knives, killed timm ona utter the other, hocking thom almost to pieces', nnd throwing thom, not yoi dood, into a trench that had bee>n previously dug for them. Tho perpetrator of this vvellnigh incredible horror, seems to have counted on i ¡¿lit as liis helper in tha hidoous work. The Guebwiller omnibus sturts for (hat place at 9 p.m. ; tho foi gcd letters summoning Madame Kinck and tho ob.il dicn lo Paris, enjoiuod on nor (o como by a presoribed Lain, which would bring them hera at li p.m. - By what now 'inventions Troppman, who mot tbo unsuspecting f.imily on. their arrival, decoyed ti)oui to tho lonely field at Tantin, ran only be, .brought to light by his own confes- sion'. Tho crime was, discovered iby tho passage of a lady i and her daughter, a fow days aftorwards, through tho , field, wheio tho daughter, s eing tho corner of a handker- chief sticking up through tho earth, stoopod to taka it up, when, tp the.horror,of mother and daughter, it was found to be s.leep"d in blood. This discovery brought tho police ' to tlio fit'ld, the trenoh was uueovored, and tho bodies con ' vcyed in two tarts to the Paris morgue. Soon af torwarda ' a gendarme at Havre, on tho lookout for a deserter, arrested ¡ a young man who was on the point of sailing far Amadea, |añd who proved to bo Troppman. It is generally (remarked that, no mattor how cunningly a ctimo is ¡contrived,', it is usually ,by some egregious ; piece of stupidity that the guilty party botrays i himself. ¡ The monster in human form who had 'thus massacred bia vielims, had been in Paris preparing I Lia machinations, and had takott tho nama of tho oldest i «on, Gustavo Kinclt. Tho body of tho latter not having ¡been, buried in tho trench with the others, was not found for fonto days afterwards, when thu seratohing of a farrier .led to its discovery. Tho murderer, with the watches, 'papéis, ¿oods, and cash of his victims secreted about his person, continued to call himself Gustavo Kinck; this laFtonlshing blunder led to his apprehonsiou. At first ha .declared that iho mother and tho five children had bien .murdered by the father and tho oldest son, ;, but Iho find ling of tliq body of the latter, and -sinco thou of that of tho ¡fatbor, effectually disproved that fltateiiii'nt, Tho rosoarchos (Of jiiBÜco aro now turned to the discovery of the accom ¡plices, of whom it ¡B already puro that thoro must havo boon i two. Tbo e>.citoment of tho capital during tho fow days ¡that succeeded tho disoavory of the trench was iudoscribtble. .Tolcgtama from every quat tor kept coming in, and wm o .published on tho instant by tho cb.3ap dailies, in extra. , editions, that wero bought up as soon as printed. Half-a dozen novvspapera Bent reporters to overy point oonnooted with tho hidoons drama ; and tho various incidonts, horriblo or touching, which marked tho gradual bringing to light of 'theciicuiiifitanccs of tha crime, have formed tha ono tapio 'of convocation, Aauiony as 15,000 peoplo went out to tho ? FC no of tbo ciimo by rail each day ; and on the day follow- ing the discovcrj' of the soventb corps.0, moro than 50,000 persons had congregated thero seriously impeding the ploughing of the field, which had boen ordorod by tha I aulhuiities, with a view to ascertain whether the body of the father hld boon buriod there, 'iho dieovoiy of tho Latter at Guebwiller lias (calmed tbo excitement; and tho uffiir Is now ¡left in thu hands of justico, which has had no litllo trouble ,in piotetling tho murderer from tho prjpulaco, by whom ; Troppmnn would have been torn in pieces, but for thp skil- ful manoeuvring of his custodians. This j'outh of 20, weak-looking, und who weeps and umuna hythe hour, spends tho rest of bia tine, when not bef >re tho magistrates, in devouring novels. He has told tho gaoler that ho got tho idea of killing the Kinck family, and getting their pro ? perty into his hands, by tho reading of Eugene Suo's " Mysteries of Paris," in which Bodia devotes j'oars to tho killing of the wholo of tho Rounepant family, in order to poffoss himself ef thoir fortune. The Empcior is now considered as having quite recovorol from his lllnens, and has entirely resumed bis ordinary habits. Tho Empress started on her Eastom trip vecttrday afternoon, accompanied by her nephew and nieces ; Genoral Douay, Aide-de-Camp to the Emperor ; Count Ecgnaud Do Saint Jean d'Aulay, First Equerry : Count do Cosao Boissao, Chamberlain ; M, Davilicr ; M. Poujsde, Cimsul-Gonoral for Franoo, at Alexandria j Countess do la Pet-no, Lady of Honour ; and Julies. Marion and do Iicrmina, rovdprs to.her Majosty, The Imporial parfy aro going straight to Vonico, whero^lting Victor Will"moot the Empresa," ami after a stay of a fow days, proceeds direct to AtUenii nnd thone» to Constan- tinople. Her Majesty's tour will qpoupy two months ; tbo best reply to the ¡absurd cxngger liions that have been going tho round of Europe in relation tp tha Emperor's health. The latter was at the races of Longchamps, with the EirlpfcBS, on Sunday last, and aecaicd to hu pjrfootly rocovored. It seoms íhftt his Majesty, having remarkol that ho could not scoi- vcry well tno horses that wero to sturt on the othoc sido of the ouwo,, the keeper of the ' clo'uk-room, who also Juts out field glasses on, hîro', waa éámiinnod, and the Emperor selected ono'from ;tiis ^teck.. On lowing the stand, tho Emperor paid the fc'eotfor gonerqnsly for tho g'asa, and tola ' him to bring it lo him whenever'ho como ; whoreupjÄ tho wags of Paris' declaro that thoie has'huon croatedra now , office, tha't of keeper of the Imperial spy-gloss. Tho Em- peror's galt was erect anti'firm ; ho Boonied ia good spirits, | und walked about for a considerable", timo in, th6 wojghing ; enclosure.' Ho waa greeted with the utmost warmth ¡by , the assembled crowds, whose repeated wvati toatiflod to tho ' general satisfaction'at seeling him agaln'umbng them. A frightful catastrophe has juBt tukotf place in the har- bour of Bordeaux, where a ship laden with petroleum wa? j set on Ino by the carelessness of a boy who droppod'a half-. spent match into the held. The burning vossol set uro to two others close by her, ono of which was laden with pátro- l loum and essences, and the other with petroleum only. Both wero in a blaze almost instantaneously, burning rapidly to the water's edge ; and before long tho surfacoof tho harbour was covered with tho burning fluid, and piocos of wood saturated with the same, and bla/.ing in defiance of ti» wntiT. Unhnppi'y, the tide, which was just corning in, brought tho fiery scum round tho othor vessels'in tho hurbour, over five anil twenty of which wbre'soon on flio ; ntel about twenty of which havo boen ontirely destroyed. '1 ho devastation continued to spread until tho nlrn of ttto , tido floated out the burning fluid and wrecks to soil. H ire in Paris wo have just had that popular plaoe of amusenunt, the Hippodrome, burned to the ground, together with all the lilt le shops and cafés that had sprung up'around it. Tho English colony of PariB is tejoicing at the announce- ment of tho approaching modification of the exf attng poacal ti tiff between Franco and England, by which the weight of leitet s will bo raised ,froin 7i grammesto 10, and the postage lessened by onopenny. While awaiting the millen- nial blei-sing of universal "penny-postage", ,we thunkfully receive the news of,the coming change.', ..The 'French Post-oflico is alao .understood to havo resolved on taking tho Telegraph into its own hands, and amalgamating. tho two services, The entire department of the Gctndarmerio h.if been abolished, and the Emperor is beliuved to-haye told Lord Clarendon, in the course of their recent conversation, that he had such confidence in tho durability Of peace that he wii3 deposed to. entertain seriously-the ridea of greatly i educing Iho army. , , . ' ' The Gi.ind,Duchy,,of Baden has just 'op.ned ita Parlia- ment. The general with of the Grand Duchy aeeiaa to be for admission into , the North Geryon. - Federation ; but Austria is not prepared to put up witfi such o desertion, and Berlin ia un'ders'tood' to havo counselled .delay. 'The Crown Prince of, Prussia is going to pay,a visit.to the K aiser on his way to Suez, whilo the Prvri'coss' will malteji visit to the''South'ofETonce and Savoy, The two great German Konseif-'appoar;; therefore, to bo intending recon- ciliation. Cóunt'Vou Bismarck ia so decidedly in bad health that he has, by "tHo ' advice of bia physician, rented tha Pulace of Méntorayand ita dependencies, formerly the pro- perty of th'é Priuoo of 'Monaco, whose son, the heir-apparent to a principality.'ôf'abôrttvfour milos square, with'a budget derived < 'ésclusi+ely" from the proceeds "of tho gambling-house- at Moriaco, has just married Lady Mary Hamilton, ' daughter of the Duchdss of Hamilton; ' first cousin of the Emporor- ' Napoleon, and daughter 'of the last Grand Duke of Baden, Tho bridegroom is a lieutenant in the French Court, and the Euiperoi has given the young couplo £'10,000. The title of " highncbS " must' Eeeui an important acquisition to some mindil, seeing thal tho daughter of the wealthy houao of Hamilton coula think it, deprived of all ita f jrmer sub stantial adjuncts, worth her aceoptanco. ' lhe feaiivitieB at Liege (somewhat dimmed by the gross extol tions practised on the Volunteers by the iunkeopora) have been i|uito eclipsed by those at Brussels, which havo been equally Bplondid and successful ; the Belgians aro to I be invited to a return visit to London next year, nnd tho I announcement made by tho King, at tho Mammoth Ball, to some of tho officers near him, of his and his queon's | intention to visit our Queen at Windtor, this autumn, waa i received with immense enthusiasm. ' """'^ Tho Bishop of Orloans has written to Father Hyacinths, iuipl-'i m¿ htm to repent of tha griof he is causing to his mother, the Church, by insulting Jesus Christ in tho [ pcrtens of his representatives; ana beseoches him to " hasten to Rome, throw hiumolf at the paternal feet of the I Holy l'uthcr, and thus give to the alllicted Church ! gi out consolation." To which the father'has replied by thanking the Bishop for his kindness and prayers, ignoring I tieadv.c, togo to Rome, and declaring that " what you call a gir&t; fault, 1 call a great duty accomplished." A curious chango from the spectacle of a few years ago, when the gi eati'st preacher of the day was appointed to deliver [. the Advent Sermons at St. Peter's, and was listened to with L' the utnioat acceptance by the Pope, and all the illuslriisimi of the sucredicollege! Wo ha\ o a project for n splendid Winter garden in the { centre of Puns ; another, for the building of a suburb of villas at liearrlir, nf which the tenants ara to acquire tho ?. fee simple, aftor.a few years' pay meats ¡ und a third, lor li the i doption e of the perfected tnree-whoeled velocipede for , . the loiter carriers ot France. "i i ,,. . Oci'Oi'.Eit 8. i The -Empress hag.boen received ut Vonicei with every j demonstration! of popular welcome, and; has doubtless ea jje>3 ed her interview with the lovely " Queen of the Adri- atic." Tho_ Imperial yacht left Venice yesterday; tho I Empress hayin6,giveni,tbo night before, a grand dinner, on board thotAigIo, to all the notabilities of tho plaoo. The ! King, Prince Humbert, and Piiuco do Carignau had met Ihe-r Majesty on her arrival, anel had got up-gondola pro i cet sion?, etc., in her honour ; a serenade and uluuiinatious Í having been' spontaneously got up by tho people. j The Emperor mav now be considered na having regained ¡his usual health. Ho carie to Paris n few daya ago, and .was uhó at tho races of tho last two Sundays, looking just jan usual, ta|Uing with thoso about him, and seemingly gra- tified by the warmth'with which he was received. > The postponement of the opening of the Legislative body ¡until November 29, > instead of its being convened fur . Octobet 20, as had been, expected, has > bean made a pretext 'for an outpouring of invective against the Government, > and of open incitaticins to-the getting up of a riot for the I date last > named, that have defeated themselves by their ;own violence. Count do > ÍKératry, a leader of the " Irre iccncileables " (on the strength of a > pioviaion of tho Con ,'stieution in regard to the period within which the > As- sembly is to he convened, whoso logal interpretation is admitted to be open to doubt) has been publishing incen- diary appeals lo his colleagues and to tho " people," in- viting tbo former to join him in taking silemn possession, ;on tbo 2Gth instant, of the Legisl itivo Hall,' and advising tho latti r to "stay at homo" on that day, BO that " a per fiOious Government may not bo furnished with any pretext ¿for a row) d'etat."' M. Raspail having also publishee» «his detetmination to " open the session on the legal day," .even if he should bo the only deputy capable of such an act sof patriotism, an illustrated "daily" published a capital caricature, representing Count de Kératry in Conference, 'vrilh the porter of the Palais Bourbon. " Ferget ;not, pjrtci, that precisely at 2 o'clock on the 2Gth 'insumí, there must be a glass of sugar and wator on my desk in the Legislative Chamber !" " Very good, Monaiuur lo Depute', the sugur and water shall bo theie." "And, ,poi ter, on no account must you forget, on that day and at .that hour, to lock- the door of the Legislative Chamber." " But, Monsieur le Depute, it would bo contrary to all pro 'ccdent todo so ; the door of the Chamber is nover locked." ;" Neve!theles3, portei, you must lock it on thit day. ."W hy, man, you would not compel me to force au open door i " This willy comment on the " situation " having put a budden stop to M. de Kératry's plea of " oponing " the Chembti in default of the Government, M. Raapail next published n manifesto, culling on the deputies determined, like hiruself, to Bavo tho country " from the insolent deli anco of the Government" to "j".in him exactly at I o'cloek, with no other weapon than their badgo of doputy," .at tho foot of that birthplace of modern liberty, tho column -of the Place de la Bastillo, " Starting from th it sacred 'symbol,'' continued M. Raspail, " we will march, '.quietly, fiinily, as befits those who havo uudortiken the .work of saving their country, along the Boulevards, !ami act osa the Place do lu Concordo to the Chamber. If 'we mo nix on beginning our march, who will say that wa shall not nuniboi over 00,000 before we end ic ? " Thia iprecious proposition has hud tho effect of alarming oven the iwould-be saviours of their country through anothor gonoral ¡overturning ; and Count do Koratry, the original mover of .the proposed demonstration has just written to the journals .stating that, in view of the sentiments expressed in a joint 'Idler .lust addressed to him by tho majority of the members of the Left, he has determined to desist from a courso that '" might pjssibly give to the Government tho advantago of .having: to put down a riot," and reserves hw activities und .patriotism for tho coming session, when he and his frionds will impeach the membeia of the present C ibmet, by whom 'tho postponement of the dato of opening has been unani- mously determined on. The etei'eniont; at first ocei ¡si'inid by tho announcement of this postpjnomout haB thus died away ; tho rumour that it was decided on to giMtity ,tho Empress'a with to bo present on the occasion hia boon authoritatively conti udicted; and the rutuourtLial tho delay ibas been neceesita'ed by tho impossibility of completing, 'by an earlier dato, tho preparation of important nieaaurea to bo brought forward by the Government ¿as gained additional credenco from thia contradiction. It is wall , known to thoso who aro able to learn something of what ia i going .on in high quarters-that the Emperor's miad has .lone: becu bus) with tho problem of reconciling tho security of the country with, or diminution of tho bunions of tho "armed peace" that has come to bo so crying an evil for all tho States of Europa; and the probability of a re:oi ciliation between Truseia and Austri i, to be speedily fol- lowed by one between Austria and Russia, still further strengthens ¡the belief that tho Emporor will bo ublo to announce, in his opening speech, the decision of tho Powers to a simultaneous diininulion of the armamouta now weigh- ing so heavily on the enorgiea of this hemisphere. Tho Government, carrying out tho Emperor's f.ivouriic policy of giving to his opponents (vfhrn-vcr it eau be done .wi'hout danger to the publio eafoty) "plenty of rope to bang themselves with," has allowod tho Paris Press, for tho last six months, to print exactly what it has ploasod it to put forth, taking no notico of the saturnalia in whioh tho organs of the "lrreconcilables" has thought fit to in dulgo. Tho extremes of crossness to which the latter, in their dttiro to calnmnUto tho Imporial family, tha M¡niotoro, «mt nil,, the functor-vies of (ha O'jvoru,si;nt,' . ? i ' , . . f "havp "c-oïôïfto descend, isfiist' prpd'uoioga ro_c_o_ in tha raàfea'oï the Press itself, and an artiala,j ust published in th'-o Débuts, from the pon of fí. Sarooy, one. of tho leaders of ebo moro moderate portion of the enomios of tho Empire, baa è^een tho great " aucccsa " of tha past fortnight. M. Sarcoy .denounces, in terms of enorgotic reprobation and dis- gust, _bo violence of party-spirit that can invont and propagate, for party purpjso.s, a ttasuo of ubstird and filthy falsehoods against tho person and family of tho Cliiof of i the Stato, such as no one would dare to uttor against tho liumblept private individual. Another of the most deter- mined Republican oppononts of tho Empire-M. Julos Simon-has just been led by tho force of circumstances to paj' to the Emperor's unwearied exertionu in favour of i popular education, a gracofal tribute, waioh, coming from such a quarter, can hardly bo suspected of insincarity. Delivering, at Saint Etionno-tho French Birmingham and j Sheffield in one-a speech in favour of his favourito I subject of popular ^.education, a faw daj'S ago, M.Simon, . having stated that Vho Firat Republic had no time to do ¡ any thing for education- that tho First Empira devoted to | that purpose 4000 france, tho Restoration 50,000 francs, tha : Mcmarohy of July 5,000,000, maintained but not incroasod i by', tho Republic of 1U18,-was obliged to proclaim | that tho government of Napoleon III. givos eigbtoen i millions for popular education. So deapjy at heart bus the . -torn old Republican the interests of the great causo of i public infltructiwn to which ho has devoted his lifo, that J tho old,,antipathies of tbo political opponent seomed to j meit away, and tbo "irreconcilability " of the Opposition deputy to waver, as ho found hiuiBoLt eompullod injustico j to¿ren,der to tho present Emperor the honour of proclaiming that ho has done mora in the courso of a few yearn for the i intellectual advancement of the country than ullhis prcdo ; ccssors had dono in two-thirds of a century. ''Yes!" . exclaimed M. Simon, in accents indicating profound euio ! tun, " whm'I find a Power, or a mau, vvhatover they m ty ¡be, weiro they even my most deadly enemies, who give ¡to 'tho ciuVo I serve this pledge of powerful /intorebt and active a.'licitudo ; when 1 SJO ! them aiding, with this vigorous effort, the ptogross of thut' . beneficent idea to which I have vowed the most ardent i passion of my life, I feel the tenacity of tha adversary, J tho implacability of tho o^ponont abato within me, and I tcan only thank and bless!" At this declaration tha entire ' audience, as though electrified, sprang to their feet, olap- * i ping their bauds, shouting, and extending their arms ea 'thusiaatically towards tho orator. " I reilly believe," says ¡an eye-witness of the scene, " that if M. Simon had descended from the platform he would havo been caught up Jhy his audience, nnd carried round the hall in triumph." 'Had M. Simon added to hid statement the long list of pro- ' (fessional schools, model farms, nsj tunis, and sanatoriums, ¡Boiip kitchens, &c;, which the Emperor has Bet up entirely >at tío cost of his privato purso, and all thu aduiirublo schools ' 'and charitable institutions foundod and presidod over by tho "Empress, his panegj ric must have assumed still broader 'proportions, and hu might havo added that tho malicious ¡reports of tho Empress, having effected houvy insurances 'on the life of her son, so industriouslyjdisseiuinated within a ^few days by the writirsof tho school of Count doRoohufort ¡and M." CbtirleB Hugo, have no other foundation tbtiu the .fact that the Empress unxious for the f titnro of the numor ¡ous educational and charitable institutions founded by her, ,has insured her own life for very considerable suma to w hich they will become eutitlod ou her own découse. To havo added that the Emperor haa so effectually fusteied and .developed the industrial and comniorcinl activities of France 'thut her trade has more than doubled during tha seventeen .j'ears of his reign ; that he bas broken down the protection 'system of Europe in favour of free-trade ; that hu has suc ,cee ded in keeping Frunce eiuiet while Italy and Geurnany ' "have laid the basis of their national unity; that ho h IB .adroitly contrived to keep. other Powers of Romo while furnishing the Temporal Power of the Papaoy with' tho 'necessary modicum of '' rope," of which it has mado such "effectuai use, thut he has completely extinguished the " fixed idea " of tho Fionch peoplo as to " avenging Water- loo," "taking London," uno "sacking tha Bank of ?England;" that, while constantly repressing tho revolu- tionary instincts of the French pooplo with ono hand, ho lob eteadilj' brought ¡hem forward towards a rational eon Btiiutionalisin on tho other, relaxing tho reins whenever ho has felt that he had brought thom to a point at which ho fcould safoly return to them a portion of tho exceptional powers, to his UBe of which history will do justice ; that ho ins uniformly exerted his great intluonce in favour of poaco and progress, has glvon tho weight of his sanction to all the scientific and humunitary undertakings of tho day, would hav e boen, perhaps, too much for tho admission of a partisan so deeply commit ed to the Republican .propagouda, but would have only been to anticipate by a low years the verdict of poBlority. The Prince and Princess of Wales, on thoir recent stay in Paris, paid a visit to tho Emperor and Empress at St. Cloud. In the courso of thoir visit the Empress, having 'expressed alslrong desiro to;Bee tha album which tho Princess has so diligently filled with sketches of her jouruayings, ihodesirc waa immediately gratified by hei Royal Higliuoss, who sent for it from the Hotel Bristol, at which thoy had alighted, and tho Empress had thus the " plea- sure of gaining a foretasto of the scenes aniidat which she is about to find herself. There has "been a constant ."stream of Royal Highnesses blow- ing into, and out of, the favoured inn of the Tlace ?Vendóme. The. unparalloled excitement caused by tho Pantin massacre has subsided. Although tbo rumour that the body of tho father had been discovered has proved incorrect, tha public hab made up it_ mind that the murder of thu entire (Kinck lainily was accomplished by this straugo cuminal of ¡twenty yeurti¡of eige, and is put.ontly awaitiug tho results of the exoi lions of the authorities in following up the truoas -of a de-ed believed to stand alono in tho horrible annals of 'clime. An immense numb»r of photogiaphs that havu Leon 'sold in tho street« of Paris, as iho pot trait of the f athor, have juht be en ascertained to be the pjrtiait, not of Jean ?Ktntk, but of the illiutrtuus Hungarian leader, M. Doak. So much for fume ! 1 Father Hyacinthe is still the subject of much ?wordy fighting in the > secular and clerical, camps, iPalti has como buck, and had an ovation, ¡Balie's '. Bohemian Girl " is just goiug to ba brought out lal the Thi'Atr.1 Lyrique; Signor Muratori has invented a tfeltlat Ibatno cannon can penetrate; a noted collector, M. Leeaye, has bequeathed £80,000 of pictures to the ¿Louvre, on condition of their being placed together in a gallery to ba called by his name ; and the maladv that has "been decimal ing silkworms for some years past ia to be gotten entirely rid of by rearing thoso interesting and valu- able little creatures in sheds open to the air. I ' STELLA. 