? LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY.—From a notice elsewhere it will be seen that the annual meeting of the South Australian Branch of this Society will be held in the North Adelaide Congregational Uliurch to-morrow evening. Mr. A. Hay, M.P., is to preside, and a number of ministers and other gentlemen will address the meeting. REGISTRATION OF DOGS.—It is worth while for the owners of dogs to recollect that unless their canine pets are registered by to-morrow they (the owners) become liable under the Act to be summoned before the Police Magistrate and mulcted in a penalty of not less than JEI 10s., and not mor e than £3. It would only be fair for the Corporation to give public notification of the day up to which the registration-fee is payable. COURT OF INSOLVENCY.—Half a dozen casesfour finals and two first hearings—came before the Court of Insolvency on Tuesday, July 13. In that of Samuel Rendell the insolvent was ordered to be • imprisoned for seven days for vexatiously defending an action at the suit of the National Bank, and was awarded a second-class certificate to be suspended for six months. In those of Richard lvey. James Low. and John Bradford the insolvents each received a second-class certibcate without suspension. In the two first hearings nothing was done. CRIMINAL ASSAULT.—At the Magistrates' Court, Port Elliot, on July 8, before Mr. B. F. Laurie. S M John Gongel, of Hindmarsh Valley, labourer, was brought up on remand charged with committing a criminal assault on his daughter, a modest and respectable-looking girl of 16. Mr. Lowe watched the case on the part of the prisoner. The evidence disclosed a frightful state of immorality. After the witnesses had been examined by the Presiding Magistrate, and submitted to a severe cross-examination by Mr. Lowe, the prisoner, declining to make any statement, was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court. „ KENT TOWN JUBILEE BAND OF HOPE.—The above Society held a soiree in the transept of Kent Town Jubilee Church on Monday evening, July 12, when there was a large attendance, and the Rev. T Lloyd presided. Excellent recitations were admirably delivered, and well-rendered music was also given. "The Beggar Girl." sung by Mrs. Smart, was encored. Two or three lady amateurs performed on the piano, and an able address w^ delivered by the Rev. K. S. Casely. Ihe ptogramme, a v er y long one, lasted about three hours and the meetinr closed shortly after 10 with the National Anthem. CATTLE STEALING.—We hear of additional case 8 of cattle stealing this time near Tungkillo. A letter from there, for instance, says:—"Unpleasant rumours are circulating in the district that there are still persons committing depredations among the fat cattle. One poor man, attci-aJang_8earch for a missing one, only got the skin, and it is to be hoped the slaughterer will be found." RAILWAY TRAFFIC.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended July 3 was;—Port Line—Passengers, 4,854; fares, £209 Is. Hd.; goods, £112 3s. 2d. North Line- Passengers, 2,015; fares. £416 5s. Id.; goods, £63416s. Id. Total. £1,372 6s. 3d. COPPER FROM THE NORTH.—By some oversight on Saturday last the manifest of the Royal Shepherd was not handed in the usual way to our shipping reporter. But we find that among the cargo were no less than 4l£ tons of copper from the Blinman Mine, valued at £3,000. PEARL FISHERIES—The schooner Freebridga has brought about six tons of shellB from the i e p Western Australian Pearl Fisheries, reported to be worth nearly £35 per ton. GLASS PEN.—Mons. Payton has kindly sent us a glass pen of his own manufacture. It is not only neat and handsome, but it possesses every requisite of a veritable goose jjuill. The letter accompanying it, which was written with the pen itself, would do credit to a prize pupil. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN DIAMONDS.—Mr. Heuzen roeder, of Rundle-street, brought to our office on Tuesday two fine rough diamonds, weighing 1£ carrats and 1 carrat, both of which were found at Echunga some time since. They are octahedion crystals, and the largest shows 48 facets. He informs us that many have been sent to England, and urges more care among the diggers in examining their washing stuffc as it is known that diamonds re usually found among gold, TFIE AUDIT C0MMIS9I0N.-We bel.eve the Audit Commission have sent in their report to the Government. It is a lengthy «^ refers in detail to the various points m which the: present system of keeping and auditing is susceptible of improvement. Attached^to it is a statement signed by the two non-official mem bers, recommending that the Aud'tor-^neral should be placed in a position more completely m dependent of the Government than at present. We understand that amongst the enclosures is a sort of model balance-sheet of the colony for the: jear 186S. according to which the expenditure exceeded the income by nearly a quarter of a million. THE NORTHERN TERRITORY COAST SDRVEY.—At a time when the Admiralty survey of the coast has been brought in so painful a manner before the attention of the public, it may not be amiss to refer to the services rendered by the late Captain Hutchison and Lieutenant Guy in connection with the examination of the coast of the ^orthern Territory. It was on the 5th of April, 18d4. that the Rfiatrice in charge of Captain, then Commander, S Jandlieutenant.Howard, Proceeded to Jhe Territory, retiring in. December of the same year, her commander being invalided. She was dispatched in the middle of March. 18^. under the direction of Lieutenants Howard and Guy, R.N After remaining on active service for many mondu she once more returned to Adelaide on the 26th SeDtember. 1866. She was engaged m survey work durinsTdie whole time that Mr McK.nlay was m the Territory: and the reports of Commanuer Hutchison^ referring to the, tot. trip^ and of the two lieutenants, with regard to the'second^ published as Parliamentary PfP", 8 ' ^ n a av^® amount of information, valuable to those navigating the rivers and seas of the new settlement on the other side of the continent. The charts drawn out as the result of the survey were the following. —Adam Bay and entrance to Adelaide Kiver, A inches: Adelaide River, for the whole of its course, inch: Coast-line from Liverpool Ki»er o Cape Stewart, h inch; J^menB^h^ Coa^-Hne fcom Anson ill to Poi1?t pierce, Victoria River, i inch. CHRISTCHURCH SCHOOLROOM ENTERTAINMENT. —We have beeu requested to call attention to an advertisement notifying that the literary and musical entertainment announced to take place on Thursday next has been unavoidable postponed. GOLD SPECIMESS.—On Monday a number of samples of gold-bearing cement from the Yatta Creek Diggings were exhibited in Adelaide, including one very handsome specimen, studded all over with gold. The total weight is estimated at an ounce and a half, and they were taken from Goddard's claim, together with about 13 ounces more gold on Friday last. CREST OF THE WAVE REEFING COMPANY.—We have been informed that the Crest of the Wave Company at Jupiter has nine mine men at work in three shifts of three men each. The shaft is already down 30 feet, and no difficulty is experienced in keeping it dry with the simple appliances at present in use. NORTHERN TERRITORY SUGAR PLANTATION—A eeting is to be held this afternoon, at White a Arbitration Room, in reference to the establish ent of a sugar plantation in the Northern Territory. THEATRE ROYAL.—The n£W season has had a hopeful opening, and the star, Mr. Mansergh, if he has not electrified Adelaide, has shed a mild effulgence over it well adapted to the season. He had a good though not a crowded house, and if he estimates his success by the number of calls lie received before the curtain, he must be highly satisfied with it. We do not intend to be precipitate in speaking critically of him, as we hope there will be opportunity enough for maturing our opinion before we part company with him. The programme was not one on which to form a decisive judgment, the only very distinctive character in it being Barney the Baron. The Bagged Pat of "Ireland as it Was" is mainly a conventional Irishman, compounded of brogue, knee-breeches, and grinning. Barney can be made a great r6le, however; and Adelaide playgoers have vivid reminiscences of more than one version of it Mr. Mansersh's is not a reproduction of any of these. It is unquestionably original, though there may be doubts as to its being an improvement. Compared with O'Neil's, it is artificial in many points, and wants the spontaneity which is the charm of all such mercurial roles. It created quite as much fun, but m a different way. its oddities were, perhaps, more laughable, but they exceeded the requirements of the character, aud obscured rather than illustrated it It contained many well-delivered aud telling jokes, but it failed to produce any general impression of humour. Mr. Mansergh does not rise into the elevated class of dramatic humorists, though lie is clever in the "funnyman" line. With the necessary gymnastic training he would be a firstrate clown, for he has a thousand and one absurdities of the ring at his finger ends. He can extinguish a bedroom caudle with a wineglass, and pick up his hat from the ground with a fork: but though he intended these peculiar movements for an indication of having drunk more than was good for him, he was not otherwise successful in feigning drunkenness. Mr. Bellair, when he brings Eccles on the stage tipsy, does nothing half so absurd as extinguishing the candle with a wineglass. but his tipsiness is far better acted than Mr. kanaergh's. Barney was a true Irishman for the first quarter of an hour, especially in his selfintroduction to Edith, He ought to have made more of the supper scene, aud of the "murdered spuds," which he threw about as if afraid to hurt Bailie Bluffenwig. The "host scene in the bedroom appears to be his favourite, for he elaborated it with the greatest care. Its peculiar merit was the absurdity of the contortions he executed when under the ghostly nfluence. Its peculiar defect was the absence ot very sensation which ghosts are generally suposed to produce on their victims. There was no f g terror poitrayed in Barney's face whue he listened to the clanking of the ghostly chain. There was no violent feeling of any kind expressed in his movements. Mr. Mansergh has proved himself clever in a certain line of stage business; but he luis still to reveal any intensity there may be in him of dramatic power. His Barney is an enjoyable impersonation, which the public should go to see for the sake of promiscuous fun, if not for its artistic finish. It will be repeated to-night, along with "Ireland as it Was." ORGAN RECITAL.—A concert of sacred music was given by Mr. Chas. Lascelles in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Monday evening. " in aid of the funds of the poor schools for the education of destitute children." The entertainment was under the patronage of Sir. James Fergusson and the Kight Rev. Dr. ShieL Mr. Lascelles was assisted by Mrs. Bury, Professor F. Ellard, Mr. A. Wilkie, and the Cathedral choir, which included 10 or 12 vocal performers. There were also three or four instrumentalists in the organ loft. Sir James and Lady Edith Fergusson were present. The reserved seats were nearly all filled, and the unreserved were quite crowded. The programme, like a brilliant piece of jewellery, sparkled with gems of the first water. Nearly every one of the pieces was "a thing of beauty." It is seldom that so many excellent and severely classical compositions are included in one programme. The master productions of Handel. Haydn, Mendelssohn, Rossini, Beethoven, Neukomn, Weber, and others were rendered . tributary to the occasion. Before the commencement of the entertainment the Very Rev. J. E. T. Woods requested that as the music was of a sacred claspipa} character, such as was usually performed in ecclesiastical edifices, there might be no applause and no pneores. This request was strictly adhered to. With regard to the performances themselyes we scarcely knoy_ how to characterise them, except perhaps by saying they were alike innocent of any special excellencies or marked defects. We imagine the most severe critic would have little cause for fault-finding; and yet, either on account of the acoustics of the building, the nervousness of the performers, or some other more occult pause, the music fell comparatively flat and meaningless upon the ear. The conceited pieces were deficient in power and grandeur, apd the solos were for the most part feeble and ineffective. These remarks apply more particularly to the first part. After the interval the performers seemed to have gained confidence and to nave felt more at ease. Mr. Wilkie, who in the first part ventured to give "the magnificent song, "Sound an Alarm,'' with an organ accompaniment only, and quite failed in raising the enthusiasm of his auditory, was really very effective in Mendelssohn's "If with all your Hearts," from the "lilijah." So also Mr. Lascelles in his interpretation of Rossini's "Pro Peccatis" fairly "awoke the slumbering echoes into life" by his fine vocalization. Von Weber's "Benedictus"and "Agnus Dei" may also be mentioned as having been very carefully given by the Choir, and Mrs. Bury, Mr. Wilkie, and Mr. Lascelles performed Curschmann's "Ti Prego" very effectively. Two or three of the pieces on the programme were omitted. The entertainment was concluded soon after 10 o'clock with a voluntary on the organ by Mr. Lascelles. The propepd? ayailable for t-hg school fund must have been very large, 