NEWS AND NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. XIII. Friday, January 29. TnE City of Brisbano sloped at noon on Wednesday, and though thoro was timely notice of tho unusual hour, I was not ablo to avail myself of it. Thoro had, howover, boon nothing of groat importance Binco tho Lady Young loft Tioro on tho previous Saturday or Sunday, with tho oxooption of tho usual omptying-out of the town on Tuosday, in honor of tho day whon a lot of poor, miiorablo, brokcn-ipiritod dovils carno round from Botany bay to Sydnoy Coro, and onoampod among the trees, on which somo of them were soon afterwards "justified," as they say in Soot« land. That was eighty-ono years ago I suppose you nood no ghost - not oven Parkes'-como from tho gravo to toll you that, my lord. Talking of tho ghost-a jost which most peoplo boro, I suspect, aro heartily siok of, but concerning which I ara inclined to think that wo shall hear a groat deal moro bo foro long-tho Committoo of tho Legislativo Council on tho conspiracy quostion havo con- cluded thoir inquirios so woll as thoy could, considering that Mr. Martin would not attond to givo ovidonoo. This week's Sydney Punch has a good half cartoon on this subjoct. It represents Mr. Maeloaj- as a policomau, tapping Martin-a mombor of tho "diingorous class" apparently-on tho shouldor, with " Now then, como along-tho Solcct Committeo'a waiting for your ovidonco." To which Martin responds : " Aro thoy ? Then they'll have to wait. Do you s'poso a chap's going to split on his pals." It is not bad. At all ovouts Martin's refusal to atteud looks strange, especially ns ho, on' his own responsibility, drafted tho oxtremo clauses of tho Treason Felony Act, and declared them to bo necessary. The select committco wero summoned for this dttj*, to considor tho draft report ¡ and it has been said-for thoso things will oozo out-that tho report as drnfted is dead ngainsf Parkes, doclaring tho positivo boliof of tho committoo that no conspiracy of tho kind allogod had ovor existed hero, and in fact, without venturing boyoud this limit of their inquiry, giving a protty broad hint that Mr. Parkes is tho only porson who knows anything nt all about it, and that lillie is all imagination and inven- tion. My own opinion I havo long sinco statod. It is that Mr. Parkos was himself decoivod at first. Wo woro all startled, excited, enraged anything but alarmed, but certainly furious. What I think that Parkos will ovor bo blaine ablo for is for kooping up his raw-hcad'and bloody-bones story long after bo must havo boon fully convinced of its fallacy. Howover, if tho draft report to bo considorcd by the committoo to-day bears nnything Hko tho character ascribed to it-and upon that faot I think your rcadors may roly-thoro will bo a row amongst tho committco beforo ovor thoy attempt to report to tho Assembly,* for tho committoo members uro of all sorts and SÍZ08 of opinion in roforonoo to this subjoct, and thoso opinions, again, will bo guided moro bj' party feoliugs than anything olso. If tho roport is Bent up-or whon it is, whalevor its purport moy bo-thoro will surely bo what is commonly called " a row in the Houso." Perhaps it is desirable to have eoiuothing fresh to quarrel about, for aftor all tho squabblos of tho last fow weoks, tho Assombly seemed likoly last night to bohavo Hko civilised beings. Thoy pnssod tho bill granting a month's supply, and sent it to tho Upper Houso ; thoy finished tho Supplementary Estimatos, and thoy votod sovcral itoms on tho Estimatos-in-Chief for 18G0. Finally tho oom mittoo turned rusty at a proposed adrnnco of £100 in tho salary of second Titles Aruluntor, in tho Rogistrar-Gouoral's office, and tho Houso adjourned, having previously postponod tho voto for Polico Magistrates ndd Clerks of Petty Sossions in country districts. Tho cnuso of this comparativo amiability was tho result of tho previous night's debato, whon Martin's voto of censure on tho Government, for tho Berney and Joncs-eiiiM-Duncan business was negatived by 27 to 21. Tho (lehnte commonccd and ended on tho samo day, and, whether it wan tho last card of tho Opposition this sossion or not, thoy scorned for tho present to bo satisfied. What can bo said of that debute of Wednes- day ovening and night ? For tho most part it was a repetition of all that had gono befo.ro. Tho principal now points wero two only-ono, tho firm maintenance by Mr. Forstor of tho principio that no publio sorvant has anj* per- sonal chum wbatovor upon tho public, incon- sistently with publio convenience. 'J his point, and tho other mutters in connection with tho argument, Forstor maintained with groat spirit mid logical clearness. Ho seemed to bo, for once in a dozen times, in good fighting ordor. Mr. Robortsou had not arrived from tho Hunter (ho arrived hitor in lho ovening), whero, with Mr. Sutherland, ho had beon making an official visit, mid receiv- ing a groat oration ; so Mr. Forstor, finding himself in the position of chef de bureau, buckled himsolf to tho task of answering tho Opposition lendor, Mr. Martin, and did it woll. Tho othor now point was the minion surod abuso of the Governor. Tho censure motion was indirootlj* aimed at His Excel louey ns woll as at his Ministers, for it spoko of tho nctiou tukon in the Berney cubo-and of courso approved by lho Govornor -as being "prejudicial to tho honor of (ho Crown." Tho fact is that tho ex- Ministors and their friends havo what is colouiidlj* termed n " down on Lord Belmore," bocauso ho rofusod Martin a dissolution ; and this is not because tho Earl constitutionally disagreed with the udvico givon, for thoir purposo would havo boon partly sorved if thoy could havo forced ovon tho pro sout Ministrj* to a dissolution at once. This is ono of tho secrets of tho many cen- suro motions brought on from tiino to timo. If n dissolution could huro boon secured boforo tho Parkes' mysteries had beon thoroughly oxplodod, and whilo thoy woro st til Bmouldoring, ho and his party could havo gono to tho country in tho smoke, and British indignation mid loyal fooling would perhaps h*vo bucked thom up. It is now too late for this, and I suppose there is hardly a mau in tho colony who behoves a singlo word of tho " plot " story. Not, as I havo boforo said, that wo could not perhaps muster a vorj* good Fonian contingent if required, and drawn out by tho proper parties. I havo heard enough sympathetic talk to convince mo of that. But as to organisation and - particularly for tho murder of tho Princo, thoro waa nothing of tho kind. Now Lord Belmore'« refusal of a dissolution to Martin was tho cause of this " little gamo" boing laid bare and of courso tho authors and ooncoetors aro corros- ' pondingly onragod. I havo just hoard that tho Conspiracy Com- mittco mot to-day as appointed, and that, on tho motion of Mr. Parkes, who is a membor, tho consideration of tho draft-report waa post- poned till Tuesday noxt. I havo hoard on protty good authority that Mr. Parkes, in his ovidonco bofore tho committoo (of which ho is a mombor) contradioted, positively and ropoatodly, tho ovidonco of Mr. M'Lorio that ho (Mr. Parkos) had ordered M'Lorio to sond in tho roport about tho oxistonco of Fouiun plots after ho (Mr. Parkos) had publioly avorrod thoir oxistenco. Tho conclusions of tho committco, I um ngain informed, arc most damaging to Parkos ; but of courso thoro will bo a hard fight ovor tho roport. 'Thoro is nothing particular going on in tho AsBombly to-day, and tho Estimates will not bo resumod until Wodncsday. Wo havo boon rathor puzzlod hore to account for Mr. Macalistor'a resignation ; but as a Brisbano telegram to-day eaya that tho Queensland Farliamont had mot, und woro dis ouBsing that Bubjoct, no doubt wo shall hoar all about it anon. Wo shall also hoar, I hopo, by to-morrow's stoamor from Brisbane, a con- firmation of tho wolcorao nowa by privato tologram, that there had boon abundanco of rain on tho Downs-tho country being quito boggy. Tho roport on Tuosday created quito an oxoitomont of satisfaction amongst tho many in Sydnoy who aro intorostod in Queensland affaira, and I got a friend myself to aoud a privato tologram down on WodnoBihiy, tho anawor to which was a confirmation of tho roport. I havo to conoludo ¡n basto, but no doubt your roadora havo had quito enough of it till noxt timo. New View of Lightning Conductors.-In a Binall town in tho Stuto of New York, whoro tho population is mostly of Gorman origin, tho inhabitanta had just built a mcoting-houso. It had .a tall apiro, but no conductor tor tho light- ning. Boing reminded of tho deficiency and tho dangor, tho building committee undertook to raieo tho monoy needed for a rod, and mado their flrat application to a wealthy Dutch farmor, who had already given largely. " No," «aid ho, indignantly, " I havo holpod build tho shursh, and now if tho Lord has a mind to dunder down his owu house, ho may do it for all me." I 