THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. When Jack Johnson marries Sally Sykes, the girl he likes, and wants to let everybody know it by advertisements in the newspapers, I don’t object to his little bit of pride, more especially as it only costs a matter of three shillings, or so, and the luxury’s cheap at the price. For the first time in his life Jack sees his name in a paper, flourishing like a bull in a china shop, under the alias of John Johnson Enquire, and he feels as proud as a poodle dog with a polyanthus tied to his tail. As a man doesn’t get married very often, there can’t be any reason why he shouldn’t make the most of his chances of advertising him- self when he does, because he isn’t sure that he’ll die soon enough to give his friends a turn at doing it for him, or that his wife ’ll want to get into print in the regular domestic way, and take him with her. So, as he doesn’t blow his own trumpet in public very often, he ought to blow it hard when he can. I recollect the very Jack I’m talking about marrying the very identical Sally. His father kept a tripe and cow-heel shop in Brick Lane, London (East), and Sally’s mother was in the washing line at Camden Town. They came out here, and did well. Likewise they met by chance the usual way, and the meeting ended in mutual marriage. By this I mean that they married one another— that Jack married Sal, and that Sal did the same by Jack. This is what took my breath away in The papers next morning : — Johnson — Sykes.— On the 1st inst., by special license at the residence of the bride, Turniptop Cottage, Chickabiddy Lane, Prahran, by the Rev. Ebenezer Slowcum, B. A., assisted by the Rev. Jeremiah Johnson, third cousin to the bridegroom, John Thomas Adolphus Johnson, Esquire, of Richmond Paddock, Melbourne, eldest surviving son of John Johnson, Esquire, of London, and nephew of Peter Wilkins, Esquire, of the same city, to Sarah Maria Selina Sykes, daughter of Mrs. Sykes, of Camden Town, and granddaughter of William Sykes, Esquire, late dust contractor to the Board of Guardians of Bishopgate street, City. No cards. More rappers, and more raps. As I said be- fore, quoting the words of a powerfully clever man :— “ The kingdom of the dead is wide ; — why should the ghosts jostle us ?” and Echo answers, “ precisely so.” I’m surprised, or as the windy parliament, folks might observe, “ I’m absolutely petrified and knocked into a cocked hat with surprise, astonishment, and wonder,” to find rational people mixing two things together, that don’t belong to one another. They tell me if a party of men and women sit round a table, and put their hands upon it, that the mahogany will in time make a dull, cracking noise. Of course it will. I don’t any more doubt this than I doubt that my name’s John Peerybingle. In my rough way, I read a bit o’ nights, and think a bit by day, and what I want to know is why be- cause a mahogany table speaks its mahogany mind in a way nobody can make out, we should all jump up, and sing out “ Listen to the spirits !” The rapping is wonderful, so is the electric tele- graph. It’s startling to hear it in the dark, so it is to hear the thunder, or the wind, or the sea ; but they’re all what you might call “ natural sounds,” just as the rappings are. Did you ever see what used to be called a lecturer on electro-biology, and his queer games ? Well, you may laugh ; but you can’t get over the truth that somehow one mind is strong enough to rule another mind. Then, again, did you ever see a bit of board— plain wood — about ten inches long, and shaped like a heart, or a lozenge, with a common lead pencil stuck through one end of it ? That bit of board’s called “ Planchette” — a French name— and when two people sit quietly down, with the board and the pencil on a sheet of paper, and their hands upon the board, the pencil will write, and seem to answer questions. I know it will, for I’ve seen it done, and I’ve tried it myself. The Spirit people would tell you that Spirits answer these questions, and loaf about houses waiting for a job of answer- ing ; — that if you want to know whether your : creditors ’ll find it out if if you pay four-and-six- pence in the pound, and collar the odd fifteen and six to spend at the races, what you’ve got to do is to ask “ Planchette,” and the Spirits can’t help letting the cat out of the bag. In fact, they’ll tell you that the Spirits will look into the middle of next week to oblige you, and let you know a good deal about the past, and more about the future. A man of my acquaintance tried it. He was burning to win money on the Mel- bourne Cup, and he and his wife (she wanted a new bonnet and ribbons) went to work with “ Pla- chette” in the dark. The pencil wrote the names of two horses, and the man backed ’em. One of those horses is dead, and the other one’s scratched ! The man says the spirits were “ lying spirits,” and sticks to his nonsense. Perhaps I’m getting a little muddled over all this ? Not a bit of it. I’m putting two and two together, that’s all. I’m boiling down table rapping, electro-biology, and Planchette, and this is what I get out of ’em. Some kind of force we know nothing much about is at the bottom of all three. That force is what the scientific chaps call “ physical,” and somehow flows out of human bodies, and human brains, sometimes lording it over other brains, and some- times passing into dead mahogany, pretty much as the lightning ’livens up a lightning-rod ! Perhaps the force is a sort of poor relation of the Light- ning, and perhaps the lightning is to the mind of the lord of the Universe what this weak imita- tion of it is to the common minds of spirit- rappers ; but what I’m trying to make clear is that, whatever it is, we carry it about with us, and use it, or abuse it in a mysterious way. You ask me if this explains people writing like mad without seeming to do it themselves. To be sure it does. If a bit of dead wood will write when ruled by a bit of live brain, is there any foolishness in seeing that one powerful mind cau rule a feeble-minded rapper’s fingers, through his brain, and make those fingers write just what he pleases ? When you tell me that four or five men and women sitting at a table at this end of the world can fetch the spirits of the old philosophers out of it, in the way of curiosity, and trot ’em out, and make ’em show their paces, I bring my fist down on that table, and sing out “ bosh.” But if some sensible fellow in the room was to ask whether I believed in the raps I had heard with my own ears, or in the writing I had seen written with my own eyes, I should make bold to say YES, and to inquire if a Spirit with his late “ physical ” knuckles mouldering in the grave could, would, or should rap raps. I think plain men like me ought to speak their minds about this Spirit business, and try to make out where the mistakes begin. I’m satisfied about the raps, and the writings, and I’m just about as much satisfied as I am about anything in the world that spirits have no more to do with ’em than I have. Ladies and gents, you don’t know what you’ve got in your heads, and you don’t know what your neighbours have got in theirs. Heads rule the world. When the brain of the Emperor Napoleon, or of Mr. Higinbotham gets to work, a kind of spasm’s jerked along from pole to pole, right through from one end of civilisa- tion to another ; and yet we wonder when half- a-dozen honest noddles put together manage to thrill through a bit of timber, or claim to have a wooden cousin in a table. Let the spirits go home. There oughtn’t to be any such persons carrying their bones round to rap raps with, and wasting their time in the suburbs of Melbourne. Put the decanter away, and think soberly about the UNKNOWN FORCE. That’s what I want the spirit folks to do. Races are all very well iu their way. The only reason why I don’t quite agree with ’em is that there’s too much humbug about the whole con- cern. First there you have the men who want to impose, and there you have the men who want to be imposed upon. As to women, you have the women who want to show their clothes, and then you have the women that want their clothes to show them. It’s human nature under draw- backs. But the worst of it all is this that people are getting every year to bet more, and to care less about the racing, as racing. They don’t care to know whether the favourite is going to win the race. All they want is a horse to win money for ’em. There’s too much betting alto- gether, and what's more, there’s too much dipping of fingers into tills, and cash-boxes by the flash young blackguards, who when they lose, rob their masters to pay the reckoning. Very soon I mean to show up these sucking thieves. I’ve got a whole menagerie of ’em on hand. Did you ever hear of tiddlywinking. It’s a fine game for the prosperous tiddlywinker so long as it isn’t found out ; but when it is then everybody sits upon him. What do you begin to think about the tiddlywinking in lands we’ve been having ? I told you how it would be. The whole concern’s been a scramble, and a dirty, disreputable, drunken imposture. (I’ve been to a sitting of Parlia- ment, and am using strong language.) Some honest man ought to rise up, and smash it for ever, and a day. I’ve been hunting about for one to do it, and thought I’d found him. He’s in training at present. He spends his time in my cart, and I leave coppers about to tempt him ; and if, at the end of another week he hasn’t stolen anything, I shall bring him up to the scratch, and back him against Mr. Higinbotham, or any other professional in the honest line. How one thing leads to another ! This prize honest man of mine reminds me of the misfortunes of a servant girl. In a country like this where the grub’s good and the pay high, you’d fancy servant girls oughtn’t to have misfortunes, particularly when under the shelter of a parson’s wife, and a parson. In spite of all this one Bridget Langan has come to grief, and has made money out of it. The story’s short. The parson’s wife seems to have, mixed up a fancy for jewellery, with another fancy for partygoing. All right I suppose in a general way ; and no harm could have come of it if a brooch had not been missed one night, and if Bridget had not been suspected of stealing it. A jury of Bridget’s countrymen seem to have thought she had been hardly used. It may have struck these worthy gents that the parson’s wife, and the parson too were a little too hasty in marching the girl off to the watch-house at one o’clock in the morning on suspicion. I daresay they thought a good man’s serving folks should be a part of a good man’s family, and that the picture of the good man taking his hand- maiden to gaol on suspicion in the small hours of the morning was not pleasant. At any rate they gave Bridget damages, and set their faces against that fearful harshness that some people treat their bad tempers to, and call duty. I’m not going to say much about the verdict of the jury, except in the way of a ditto ; but if any mistress can put a servant in gaol because she suspects her of removing a bit of gimcrack jewellery from one part of a room to another, it’s a bad look-out for the poor girls. Take the case of a careless mis- tress, fond of finery, and vain of sporting it before her servants. Such a woman might easily forget, don’t you see, that in a hurry, she herself had clapped a ring, or a chain away in some out of the way place ; and she might just as easily accuse an honest, as a dishonest girl of intending to steal it. No doubt it’s a dangerous thing to charge people with intending to do wrong, even when you have a good deal of suspicion in your mind ; and I hope there are not many masters here who would chevy their servants away to gaol in the middle of the night on the strength of what they in- tended to do, if they got a chance. But the worst of Bridget’s misfortune was this. I read in the papers that when he had locked up his prisoner, her reverend master returned home at 3 o’clock in the morning, and before the girl was brought up a few hours after, his wife found the brooch ! And yet this Bridget was remanded to gaol, and remained in gaol till the following Friday, when she was discharged, in spite of the finding of the thing she was accused of stealing. Alas ! I say : Alas ! for the rarity Of Christian Charity Under the Sun ! This is poetry. For prose, I’d like to lock up in gaol the Bench of Magistrates, the Policemen, great and small, and the rest of ’em, just to let ’em all understand what a poor thing Christian Charity is when it’s only gammon, and sham, and when you take it with the chill off. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 