ADELAIDE. WEDNESDAY. I Judge Gwynne had another scene in Court yester- day-this time with the Crown Solicitor. The Attorney-General created a sharp debate in the Assembly by speaking of Justices of the Peace as his subordinates. Fifty to sixty of the unemployed accepted work offered by the Government at Dry Creek. The weather is unusually warm. The corn market is very firm at 4s. 10d. to 4s 11d. Bran is in good demand at Had., holders asking is. FISH IN THE MUIIHUMHIUOEE.-Tho fish in the Murrumbidgee seem to be pretty numerous this year. The season of fishing may be said to be fairly set in. On Monday morning two lots of fish were brought in to Yass from the Murrumbidgee. The first lot was from Tait's, one of which weighed 16 lbs., and the rest averaged upwards from 4 lbs. The second lot was from Young Corner, and averaged from 4 lbs. to 10 lbs. THE WET LEAD AT YOUNG-On Friday two teams laden with machinery passed through Yass (says the Courier) for the company that has been started for the purpose of working the wet lead at the bottom of Burrowa street, Lambing Flat. This machinery came from Victoria, though probably the money that purchased it was obtained in New South Wales. HEARING SOMETHING TO HIS ADVANTAGE. The following advertisement appeared in the Daily News of Saturday, May 29. It is such a strange hash of good and evil tidings that it is difficult to understand whether grief or joy is expected to predominate in the bosom of the gentleman to whom it is addressed :-" If Samuel Bibo will call or write to Mr. Samuel Stern, Parade-street, Liverpool, he will hear of something to his advantage. His wife is no more." THE RELATIVE SPEED or TELEGRAPHING AND NEreus iMniEssiON.-Wo learn from the papers to hand that some remarkable experiments have been made in France on the relative rapidity with which messages pass through a telegraphic wire and impressions are conveyed through the nerves to the brain and the result established is that the electric message travels with a swiftness many thousand times greater than the physical sensation, which is transmitted only at the rate of thirty metros in a second. Thus, supposing a whale thirty metres (103 feet) in length to he wounded in the tail, a second would elapse before the brain would be informed by the nerves of the event, and another second would expire before the will of the brain could be conveyed to the caudal muscles and action be taken to resent the injury, thus leaving an appreciable interval for the escape of the offender. This theory is strongly opposed by Claude Bernard and other eminent physiologist, who affirm that the limbs can take care of themselves without instructions from the brain, and quoted, in support of their opinion, the fact that if a recently decapitated frog be touched on the side with the point of a lancet, he will endeavour with the hind claw of the corresponding side to push away the offending instrument, which would appear to indicate the existence of nervous centres distinct from the brain. A still more curious and hitherto unexplained fact is that if during the above experiment the claw be forcibly withheld from the part touched, the animal will endeavour to use the other claw for the same purpose. This experiment, which clearly shows that some process of reasoning is carried on in the decapitated body, and is an apparent contradiction of the universally admitted theory that the brain alone is the seat of intelligence, has excited great curiosity in scientific circles and one shudders to think of the fearful massacre of frogs which is certain to ensue during the investigations now actively carried on with a view to clear up this physiological mystery. CONCERT AT BALMAIN-A very successful vocal and instrumental concert was given last evening in the hall of the School of Arts, Balmain, under the conductorship of Mr. John Deane. The selections, which were all of the popular does, were chosen with good judgment, being so diversified as to embrace operatic and ballad music, buffo songs, and some choir compositions for instruments. The rendering, judging from the applause and the number of recalls, appeared highly gratifying, and indeed, on the whole, it reflected much credit on the executants. More especially may be mentioned favourably the two overtures to Masaniello and Zampa by six violins, flute, two violoncellos, and piano; aswollnsthe two pieces sung by the Philhaniaonio Glee Club- Bonediot's "Tally-Ho" chorus, and Hatton's Bacchanalian glee. The professional singers Miss James and Mr. Berry Gooch-were assisted by several amateurs, including Lieutenant Lett (Volunteer Artillery), and Mr. C. Wood. Mr. Russell was also there, introducing " The Ghost," and his whistling solo, entitled "The Daybreak Bird Waltz." Miss Jones appeared in the Beena, "B forsa of but" (Traviata), and Claribell song, Thady O'Flynn." " A Bandit's Life " was sung by Mr Gooch, who previously look, part with Miss James and Mr. Wood in Wulliice's sweet life, "Turn on, old Time." A member of the Balmain Rifles, with a pleasing tenor and considerable taste, sang '. Let me like a soldier fall," " The stirrup cup," usually presented by Mr. Lett so well, did not go off with the same good effect as that he his been heard to im- part to it-an evident hoarseness, no doubt, preventing free vocalisation. The pianoforte music was by lady amateurs and the trio "Fantasie sur des airs Irlandais" bespoke careful culture and considerable ability, having regard to the youthfulness of the players. Prudent's grand due upon airs in Lucia was also given with much skill by very young ladies, whose advance in music at so early an age premises well for their future requirements, The hall was well filled, and the entertainments seemed to afford grate fication at almost every stage. THIS PRINCE or WALES OPERA HOUSE There was a very large attendance last evening. His Excellency the Governor, the Countess of Belmore, and suite occupied the sluice boxes of the dress circle and the adjoining boxes on both sides were filled by officers of the U.S.S. Kearsarge, under by whose patronage the entertainment was given, The programme consisted of " Paul Pry, Milky White, £and Messrs. Barlow and Taylor B performances. Mr. Coppin played " Paul Pry " in the comedy, and " Milky White" in the drama of that name, with great success. At the close of the first piece he was called before the curtain, and delivered a speech, in which his allusions to the press of the various men-of-war now in harbour were loudly applauded, and his conmientMipon diamond-swindling elicited roars of laughter. Mr. Coppin will appear for three nights longer. 