R OM A. (I'ilnM A COUnitBl'OSDEHT.) Tho town of Roma .must bo progressing, .bo-. cnuso both wit, fimp and tlio phrenological bump of Imitation aro now to bo found in tlio capital of weatorn Queensland. Judging from what your local corrospondontB favour you with, you muat bo a " Dead March in Saul" lot down in Dalhy, and aleo in that hoavon-foraakon placo, -tho. Con. damino, We, on the contrary, ,havo lifiL spirit, and whaji Mr. S. Samson would call?" high- pressure '.iitciiAi always up, fast trainroipro»B," At any ruto, If wo go in big liokB for anything in'' Roma, wo do it woll.- That's, brag for you, but out horo thoy aiy, brag is tho only gamo. To writo in a more modlliod, though Iobs dignified, manner, wo havo had tho most successful amateur porformanco that possibly could bo givon in this distant location. Tbcro has bcon in tho gotting up of our porformanco no Buohbory, no cliquory, und no humbug. 'Whon tho Ror. Mr. Campbell wbb invited liere as our Episcopal pastor, and- was guaranteed a. certain sum of money, and didu't got it — whon tho church committoo found thoy .couldn't moot_thoir obligations, both Jew and Oontilo wore quite willing to redeem tho fair -famaofItoma; Adrahtirtio. society was formed, and if any scrupulous Fharlsea'has his conscionco shocked or offended by tho unholy idoa of playing for tho cburob, tho best way to shut him up is to tell him that thoro were such things as miraclo plays in the i days of tho early Christians, The prologue will give you Bomo idea of tho caste. Due preparation and rehoarssl took placo under tno unwearied care or a stago manager whoso conscionco makes him do ovorything that he undertakes well. Without him, tho affair could not possibly havo boon so successful. Tho farco of the Past Train" was played for two nights to crowded audioncos, on tho 17th and 18th Decomber, in tho Court Houso, by Mr. Samson who, as tho representative of Charles Matthews, and as a- tliorough- imporsonation of right sliok Yankoeism has no match up hero. Tho stage, manager and Mr. Clovo of tho Bank of Mew South Wales were quito up to tho mark in play ing with this " tarnation fellow." Tho oxtravs- ganza of " Bluebeard" was tho after-piece, and intelligent mon who never slipped on tho buskin before required no prompting during tho wholo plsjr. Applauding audie&ccs; stamped them as A1 'actors. Mr. Louis Samson was tho great " Bluobeard," and an uncommonly well got-up bluebeard ha bad. Without exaggeration, ho -called forth -the -applauso 'of men of a cynical torn of mind who havo seen many plays, and nro rosy diffidont iu according cheers where thoy are not deserved. Dr. Moran appeared as " Fatima," a sweot young creature, and his get-up as' a lady mado a fow amatory1 swains who wore preseot almost fall in lovo with tho Oriontal boauty. IIo earned well the applause that greeted him by his dancing and the perfection with which be had bis pnrt prepared, his dress nnd action. Anothor doctor (Dr. 'Boggo) as " Sister Anno," displayed a natural turn for acting, which, had tho part boon more important, would have mado not only " tho darkios" present but.ovon tho dull aborigines oheer. His crying at "FatimaV.intendea be- beading was first-class. " Msmiqa," represented by Mr. Bellgrove, was all that obnld be desired. Tbo minor parts were, so say the' audience, credit- . ably. played.Tha., ghosts land-darkics.woro-Dr. Smith, Mr. Clevog.Mr. H; Benjamin, and Mr. Michaels Tho -affnfe was a great success, nnd no mistake.. The doaSlq dose of Samson gavo us strength, but how tho stago- manager contrived to keop tho Fops of Blythdalo and tho three medicos in ordor is more than human wisdom can tell. Tho musicians wore conducted by Mr. Davios tclcgrnph-niaster. Messrs. Mackay, Fopo, Launder, Hortzbcrg, Frondcnthal, and Master Davies ably supported thoir chief, not on " snckbut, dulcimor, or psaltery," but on violin, cornopean, fluto, and drum. .'L.tho intervals these amateurs gavo solos on the fluteim! cornopean, and Mossrs. SamBon, Bollgrovo, bud tho stage managor sang like Roman nightingales. Tho first night's success was so great that it was.. resolved .to_.givo.that institution to which tbo Into Mackenzie Ministry —notwithstanding thoir pretended interest in the outlying districts, and tho pressure put on thorn by our worthy member, Mr. Miios — novor gave a shilling, tusfjlbta hospital, a benefit on tho second night, slid WH are proud to record tho Unsocial fact that both the church and tho hospi- .tfrtftch realised Bbout £30 by thoso performances, tfoo much praisa cannot.be given to his worship tho Mayor, tho Police Magistrate, and Mr. Brcfwnt (chiof inspoctor of polico) for tho kind and obliging manner in which thoy strained every norvo to promote tho success of the dramatio company. Aladdin's Mother is supposed to bo a great'enrd in- Brisbano; but next Circuit CdSrt wo# will Astonish that old woman. After the play was ovor, tho members of tho company with their friends, under the presidency of H. R.'Buttanshaw, Esq., P.M., wound up thoir cares and anxioties by a jolly Bupper at Crosbio's. Mine host of the Commercial did full juslico to his guests— ovorything 'was first-rato. After till all was bl 1 mean, IU1 tho bonks, tho haukor, and thn P.M. sBMlteHjr/.. 