IRELAND. A demonstration took place in Limerick, on August 1, in favour of the release of the Fenian prisoners. Twenty thousand persons, from Clare, Limerick, and Tipperary, including the organised trades, assembled, and walked through the city with banners and bands. An open-air meeting was subsequently held, which adopted a letter to Mr. Gladstone, demanding the release of the prisoners in the name of the Irish people. Mr. Warburton, High' Sheriff of .Queen's County, waa nrea si on me muriung oi «i uiy iu, wane uriviug to mary borough to swear in the gmud jury. The assassin was concealed in a wood at Kflleen, behind a-wall seven feet high, and fired in an oblique direction, ten yards distanoe, into Mr. 'Warhurton's face. The shot destroyed his left eye, and wounded the side of his head. Fortunately the gun was raised too high, and thus the greater part of the dtarge riddled his hat. Two Dublin papers report an 'extraordinary seene at Fetoard,' during the visit of the Marchioness of Ely and the Marquis, her son, to their estates. A horse-race and other sports had been arranged, and the people, who assem bled in multitudes, applauded the young Marquis ; where upon he called for a cheer for' Mr. Hare, the agent. According to the story, as told, a Roman Catholic clergy man stepped forward, and is alleged to have cried out, ' No, no ; three groans for Hare,' adding that he ' deserved not cheers nor applause, bnt reprobation for his conduct as agent ; ' that ' the blood and the curses of the people ejected from their dwellings in Killesk lay -upon his guilty eoul.' The people hooted, and ' a Mr. Powell, making some observation that displeased the orowd, he was knocked down.' Mr. Hare, in the confusion, rode away. It is added that another Roman Catholio clergyman, at a later period of the day, endeavoured to appease the crowd, and protect two artillerymen from Dun cannon Fort, bnt was himself knocked down several times by the crowd. One of the soldiers was beaten so brutally that he has since died. Another outrage is reported from Tipperary. As Mr. Brereton, a respectable farmer, was, with his wife, driving from Thnrles, a man named Slattery, who lay in wait be hind a ditch in a lonely part of toe road, stopped his horse, and hnrled a large ana jagged stone at Brereton, breaking in his eknll fearfully. Mrs. Brereton snpptioated for mercy without effect. Brereton has been uuoonseions since, and hie life is in danger. Several pieces of bone have been removed from his skull. The cause of the quarrel was abont land. The accused has not been arrested. At Carlow Assizes on July 23rd the case of Furlong, a National teacher, against Boland, a priest, for slander, was compromised, toe defendant paying £200. The plaintiff, in hie action, complained that defendant denounced him at different altare, praying the curse of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost might fall upon him and accompany hum to his death, and that the Almighty then might withhold His mercy. A gtagulni- outrage was committed en Thursday, July 22nd, on the lands of Lisobehane, near the town of Tippe rary. A surveyor had been aent down from Dublin to define the boundaries of toe estates of two brothers named Vincent, one of whom . resides in Castleconnell and the ether in Dublin. He had scarcely entered upon the lands and commenced his work, when he was suddenly est upon by four men armed with revolvers, who searched -htm thoroughly, took away his maps and other papers, fired toots to intimidate him, and wanted him that If he did not leave the land immediately ha would be toot.— The Rev. Mr. Murtagh, parish priest of Eilcudden, county Kildare, requested toe prayers of his congregation on Bonday, August 1, for Mr. Gladstone's speedy restoration to health, passing a eulogium an the Premier's ' honesty and intrepidity ' in carrying the Irish Chnrch Bill to a success ful issue. 