A VISION OF THE ATTIC MEWS; OR, The Veterinary 's Night-Mare. TIME—Midnight. SCENE—The bed-chamber of J—n S—t decorated with anatomical plates of horses' feet and mouths. In a conspicuous place Mr. J—n S—t's diploma , framed and glazed. J—n S—t in bed asleep, the bedclothes in disorder, his features distorted, and his breathing choked at intervals by spasms. Enter to him the apparition of Dr. B—m, "stoled as the Attic Muse." Dr. B—m (loq.):— "Horse-leech! 'Tis now the witching time of night! Behold the Attic Muse! My errand is To tell thee and thy tribe of dull Bœotians, Of Huns and Goths, fierce Visigoths and Vandals, And ultra-crepidarian charlatans, That now at last is tolling the death-knell Of base Banausic ignorance! Henceforth Australia's sons, enfranchised by my care, Spurning your loathsome idols, will ascend With me the wondrous heights of Helicon, With me explore the teeming world of Thought And Poesy which Hellas hath bequeathed To all Deucalion's sons. Remember me! Digamma!!!" [Exit Dr. B—m's apparition. J—N S—T, starting up, his hair on end, clutching the bed-clothes con- vulsively with both hands, (loq.):— "My veterinarian soul ! Oh that Digamma!!! It said 'Behold the Attic Mews!' What mews? Methinks I never knew a mews so called: Be stable, soul! It spoke of Helicon, And uttered other names I shudder at! What's Helicon? I've heard of Pegasus, But when he ran, or what the weight he carried, I never knew. 'Tis not in Percival. And then Deucalion! Oh, I'll light a candle, And search my veterinary library, Surely in Blaine, or Mayhew, 'twill be found. And his last words, 'Remember me, Digamma!' What fearful horrors cling about that word!" (A pause, during which J—n S—t seems absorbed in reflection, after which he continues in a less incoherent strain,) "Ah me! since I did leave my well-lov'd forge And donn'd the costume of a legislator, I have become oblivious of drugs, The memory of my nostrums hath all vanish'd, And now in my old age I cannot tell What physic is Digamma, or Helicon, Or if Deucalion is a mare or gelding, But soft! to shew I'm not afraid of ghosts, I'll bring this matter before Parliament; I'll introduce a Bill against this mews, And so abolish B—ms and Digammas! And all these heathen mysteries—and—well thought, I'll put some questions first about this mews, I'll ask at whose expense this B—m travels (Teaching the free selectors Greek iambics)? What public business he is performing? Maybe there's something, too, behind this mews; Perhaps the Ministers, at livery, Do keep as hacks Digamma and the others, And ride them at the popular expense, Out of the Consolidated Revenue!!!" Overpowered by the grandeur of this idea, J—n S—t gradually dozes off to sleep , muttering the terribly cabalistic word Digamma! 