NEWS OF THE WEEK. In Gundagai the weather has been fine and sunny in the day time during the present week, but we have had several piercingly cold nights, the ground has been white with hoar frosts in the early mornings, and the ice upon pools of water fully as thick as an ordinary pane of glass. Colds are in consequence prevalent. Our member, W. Macleay Esq., having com- pleted his Southern visits, arrived in Gundagai from Wagga Wagga on Thursday afternoon. He will delay his departure for Sydney to attend the Railway Extension meeting, that will, as shown by advertisement, be held in our Court-house this (Saturday) afternoon. Senor Casala, tho Anglo-Spanish Wizard, gave a very amusing entertainment at Woolley's Assembly Room, Gundagai, on Wed- nesday evening last, to a small but appre- ciative audience. His feats of legerdemain were cleverly performed, and the chemical experi- ments were to the juveniles most wonderful, especially that of producing various coloured liquids from the same bottle. Another amusing trick was the Senors's ravenous appetite for paper shavings, which eventually were trans- formed into several yards of ribbon. His pistol and bottle trick was very good, and the card trims were amusing. The loves and woes of the renowned Punch and Judy created mirth for the juveniles and those of larger growth who patronized the entertainment, as did also the Galanty show; and the galvanic battery served to shock the nerves of the seiisitivoaud to terminate an agreeable evening's entertainment. The following conditional purchases were effected at the Gundagai Land-office on Thursday—Thomas Daly, senr. 100 acres, Cuba Creek; Benjamin Ross 140 acres, near Fencer's Creek, parish of North Gundagai, County Clarendon. Two minor sporting events have come off on the Gundagai race course this week. On Thursday Mr. J. Carroll's Kate raced Mr. Hanson's Hanging Rock and won, and on Friday Kate raced Mr. J. W. Williams' Gentle Annie and was also victorious. The amounts run for are variously stated. In our last issue we intimated that in a case which was heard at the recent Gundagai District Court Sessions a Tartar, named Luim Pack He, was adjudged to pay £25, to a Chinaman born within the great wall, named Ah Shue. The doubts we then expressed as to whether suing a Tartar would prove more profitable than catching a Tartar have been strengthened by the fact of Luim Pack He having subsequently vanished; but we now refer to this case simply to point out a striking though not unusual detail connected with it, viz., that to ascertain whether the Tartar did or did not owe the Chinaman £25 cost £24 10s., which it surely a fact calculated to impress Celestials with a respect for British law. The abovementioned sum it is needless to say has been shared in various proportions by the legal gentlemen employed. It may be considered one of the privileges of civilization to possess a class capable of so, effectually taxing litigious disputants. The Alpine region of Kiandra was visited by a distinct shock of earthquake on Monday about 2 a.m. It was accompanied by a rumbling noise and a shaking of the houses. Its course appeared to be from east to west, and the movement lasted about two seconds. The 'Government Gazette' intimates that the Towns Police Act has been extended to Adelong, and to several other townships in the interior. Mr. F. Mant, formerly Gold Commissioner at Kiandra, has been appointed mining registrar at Jacqua Creek. A co-respondent from Welaregang writes to the Albury 'Banner':—"We are threatened with the loss of our Police Magistrate, Mr. Vyner, who resides at Tumut, and monthly visits Tumbarumba. Petitions from all parts of the district have been sent to the Secretary for the colony in order to prevent his removal. Mr. Vyner has given general satisfaction in the performance of his duties, and the rumour of his removal has been received with feelings of regret and sorrow. Referring to the condition of the Main Southern Road the 'Yass Courier' says:— "Serious complaints are being made by persons travelling between Yass and Jugiong. One portion in particular has heen referred to, that between Bowning and the Five-mile Creek, where drays and waggons may be seen almost hopelessly bogged. One teamster said he had been upwards of four days endeavour- ing to make his way that short distance, but had failed to do so when our informant saw him. He had had to unload about six times in order to get his waggon out so as to have it dragged to something like firm ground, and when he had accomplished the work and pre- pared to make another start he did not go far before the wain was up to the axles again." The following extract from the 'S. M. Herald's' monthly mail summary bears out our remark in last issue as to expenditure having principally taken place on the portion of the highway that is now superseded by the railway to Goulburn. "n the Main Southern Road the works, chiefly of maintenance, between Sydney and Camden, are nearly completed. Arrangements are being made for the reconstruction of two small bridges near Camden; some repairs are being done to Razorback; and an extension of the metalling in Picton-street towards the courthouse. The repair of the metalled road from Picton to Bargo-road is being attended to so far as the funds at the disposal of the department will admit. From Bargo River to Goulburn the portions of road approaching towns, villages, or railway stations are being maintained; but the intervals as at Bargo Brush, and the Hanging Rock, are rapidly deteriorating for want of maintenance, and will soon disappear completely. The funds at the disposal of the department from the tolls are insufficient for the maintenance of the whole length." Immediate steps should be taken to place this important postal route in a proper condition. A nugget 2 ozs. 19 grs. weight has recently been found at the Scotch diggings of Kildonan, Sutherlandshire, which has so elated the good northern folks that they have had it photo- graphed, and have sent copies to many newspaper offices. If a 2 oz. nugget is thus honored what sensation would be produced by the discovery of an Australian sized nugget? such as either the one weighing 258 ozs. or that 180 ozs. in weight found in Queensland last week. Its portrait would be certainly painted full length in oil colours. On the 15th instant a somewhat remarkable case, Hogan v. Hogan, came before their Honors sitting in banco at the Supreme Court, Sydney. The argument in this case—an appeal against a decree by his Honor the Primary Judge directing specific performance of an ante-nuptial agreement to execute a marriage settlement—was resumed and concluded. The plaintiff—Kate Hogan—was an "infant under 21 years of age" suing by her father, James Henry Anderson, music seller, Sydney, and the defendant, William Austin Hogan, also of Sydney. It appeared that defendant, who is posssessed of considerable property, desired to marry plaintiff, then in her 16th year, in 1865, but the father objected on the grounds of difference of faith, plaintiff's relatives being of the Hebrew persuasion and defendant a Roman Catholic, and also because the latter was rather prone to racing and betting. Defendant promised to amend on these points and to settle property to the value of over £300 a year on plaintiff, if she became his wife, and on any children that might arise from their union. This offer, the defendant asserted, softened the flinty heart fathers proverbially possess on such occasions, and he consented to the marriage on these conditions. This was, however, denied on the other side. The upshot was that while Mr. Anderson was absent in Melbourne the young couple got married by the Rev. Mr. Fullerton, Presbyterian Minister. After marriage defend- ant was urged to fulfil his pledge of making the settlement on his wife referred to, which he delayed and at length refused to do. There were three children by this marriage, but ultimately Mrs. Hogan and her husband quarrelled, and she returned to her father. Legal proceedings were instituted, and the case being heard before the Primary Judge his Honor gave judgment decreeing the specific performance of the agreement defendant had entered into, which caused the present appeal. The legal bearings of the case were fully argued and their Honors reserved judgment. The following singular memorandum, given by Hogan to Anderson, and written on a small scrap of paper, with a forget-me-not sketched on it was produced in Court:—"The property situate at the corner of Charlotte- place and Princes's-streets, valued at £3000.—Make absolute settlement of same not for trustee or ——'s to invest, but the net proceed of such to be handed to Kate at convenient periods, say monthly. "This property rent £319 16s. p. annum. "KATE. "KATE. " 'Not to be invested.' " The "Diamond Mine" (as it is called), of Mudgee, occupies about a mile of frontage on the Cudgegong River. Several diamonds were sent home by the Malta to be cut by lapidaries in England. A man named King brought an action at the District Court, Young, last week against R. Armstrong, G. Goodsall, and A. Cohen, for assault, damages being laid at £200. The plaintiff, who is a blacksmith, residing at Young, went into Mr. Cohen's hotel on the 8th June, had a glass of grog, and then went to sleep. When he got up, he found that half his beard and half the hair of his head had been cut off. He had consequently been frequently jeered about it in the streets; he had been called "baldy," and "croppy," and had caught a severe cold. Goodsall was cleared of the charge, but in the cases of Cohen and Armstrong the Judge gave a verdict of £7 10s. and costs of Court. Further retrenchments in the public service have been agreed to by the members of the Cabinet, relative to benevolent and lunatic asylums, gaols, and penal establishments. As regards benevolent institutions a system of out-door relief is to be introduced, which will effect a saving and obviate the necessity of enlarging such public institutions. Patients are to be released from lunatic asylums when friends are willing to receive them, and it is deemed safe to do so, and with reference to inmates whose friends are not able to support them without aid, it is intended to give out- door relief. The superintendent and board are empowered to offer on behalf of Government an amount not exceeding 10s. a week towards their support. Arrangements are also made for the visiting of patients so discharged by the medical officer of the district. The pauper lunatics now cost the Government from 25s. to 27s. per week. Some of the inmates of benevolent asylums, it is assumed, are able to do some work, although not to maintain them- selves wholly. Such of these men and women as are of good character may be hired by respectable persons under proper guarantees. The Government will also give three shillings a week to the hirer as part of wages for the old people, and see that their employers find them sufficient food and raiment. The Cockatoo penal establishment is to be broken up, and with the sanction of Parliament to be let. The only officers retained will be Captain Mann and a draughtsman and a clerk. There are on the island now 150 prisoners, and about half that number of Government employee. The prisoners are said to cost on the island about £35 each per annum. They will be removed to Darlinghurst, where it is affirmed, their cost will be about £15. Another regulation agreed to relates to the gaols gene- rally. The Government have determined that prisoners sentenced to one year shall be brought to the great gaols. The prisoners in the smaller gaols being thus reduced, there will be a reduction in the number of persons employed. This arrangement has been made with a view to economy and the better control of the prisoners; and also it is said with a determination to make them work. It is estimated that by this arrangement a saving of many thousand pounds will be effected. It is reported that Mr. George Milner Stephen, the well-known barrister, is about to receive the appointment of Judge of the District Court. He has since contradicted this rumour. A company, with a capital of £36,000, has been started in Sydney to work some of the recently discovered quartz reefs at Trunkey-. Creek. Only 12,000 shares of £1 each are offered to the public, and upon these it is intended to pay dividends on the full amount of the share, irrespective of what may have been called up thereon. A South Australian paper contains a despatch, calling attention to the destitute state of grooms in India, who have arrived there in charge of horses from Australia. It appears that it has been the custom to engage them for the voyage but not to pay their passage back, and that they cannot find employment in India. Ritson has been found guilty of the murder of the Rev. Mr. Hill, and sentenced to death, the balance of medical testimony being in support of his sanity. The Victorian Government has ordered the police to prevent the released Fenians from Western Australia from landing in that colony. The following cases were, the local journals state, disposed of at the Wagga Wagga Quarter Sessions last week:—Thomas Mole alias Campbell, found guilty of stealing £30 in notes from James George Clevior, at Sydney—sentenced to one year and four months hard labor in Goulburn Gaol. Joseph West alias Black Joe, horse-stealing—six months imprisonment in Wagga Wagga gaol. William Threllfall, illegally using a horse— nine months imprisonment in Albury gaol. Charles Wilson, larceny—six months impri- sonment in Wagga Wagga gaol. Cap Tan, (Chinaman) larceny—twelve months hard labour in Goulburn gaol. Frederick Nye, horse-stealing—one year and ten months hard labour in Darlinghurst gaol. The District Court cases wore unimportant. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.—Female complaints—Climates have their /articular disorders y ago has infirmities peeularj5j_it ;. seasons liavo their specific disenstajbut woman, in all climates, at any age, and in, every season, is liable to special complaints, resulting from fashion, inattention, or debility of constitution. For all such sufferers there are, in Holloway's remedies, present ease and future comfort, while the natural function of every organ is fairly established by them. Under their corrective sway the greatest im- provoment speedily appears—the body ist developed, and the spirits rise. Into Hollow- ay's preparations not a trace of . mercury, or other noxious ingredient ever enter4; hence the parent, guardian, or patient, need hold no, counsel before commencing these remedi.es.— Advt. On the 15th instant a large humpback whale was captured at Eden. While in chase of another a boat was smashed by a whale, but the men were rescued, in a very exhausted state, by the pilot boat. Last week Mr. W. C. Windeyer delivered the introductory lecture of the season at the School of Arts, Sydney. It was discursive in its character and contained many just though not original remarks. Its aim was to show that during the present age vast advances had been made in science, and that a general tendency to subjective speculation and a delight in mental vivisection had arisen. We trust the audience were duly impressed with thesal facts. The 'S. M. Herald' published, the lecture 'in extenso.' It is proposed to erect a permanent building for the Agricultural Society's exhibition in ° Sydney, and the colonists of New Caledonia have been specially invited by the Agricultural Society to attend and compete at the next exhibition of the New South Wales Agri- cultural Society. Rich copper ore has been found on the Paterson, between the valleys of the Allyn and Williams' Rivers. On Thursday the induction of the Rev. Mr. McKenzie into the pastorship of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Goulburn was to take place. The arbitrators in the case of Mr. William Cummings, M.L.A., are still engaged taking evidence at Bathurst. On Saturday last a numerously attended meeting was held at the Australian Hotel, Wagga Wagga to consider means of abating the travelling sheep nuisance. The Wagga Wagga 'Advertiser' thus describes the con- .clusion. An amendment to former resolutions was carried:—"That the Legislature should be petitioned to alter the clause of the Crown Lands Occupation Act permitting travelling stock to make use of any beaten road or track, and that they should be restricted to the main northern, southern, and western roads, and all minor roads throughout the colony that have been gazetted." The 'Dubbo Dispatch' gives the following political rumours said to be derived from re- liable authority in the metropolis:—'Parlia- ment is to be called in September, and Robertson will, with as little delay as possible, table a new Land Bill, which I may tell you is already framed, and agreed to by the Cabinet. In the event of a defeat on this measure—and the government expect one—a note of credit will be asked for, and a dissolution will follow. It is possible that in the new parliament Darvall will have a seat. If he does it is thought the Attorney-General's portfolio will fall to him. Sir William Manning is booked for Chief- justiceship; that is if Sir Alfred will retire. I fancy the latter is not half so fond of the bench latterly; he does not altogether agree with Hargrave, nor admire that gentle- man's mode of doing things. Great efforts are being used to bring Dalley out; but although he has a great regard for the Premier, I think the charmers, 'charm they never so wisely,' will fail. Parkes is biding his time; watching cautiously the turn of events. The Newspaper Postage Tax will be repealed at the end of the year. In conclusion, depend on it the cry with the ministry going to the country will be 'Retrenchment and The Land.' At the Supreme Court, on Saturday, an application for a new trial in the case of Wolfskehl v. Mitchell was refused, but as it was said that an appeal to the privy council would be made their honors decided to deliver their judgment in writing. The appelant was adjudged to pay the costs of the application. The 'Orange Examiner,' referring to the police retrenchment regulation that our troopers are to find and keep their own horses, narrates how the Hanoverian Regiment named the Cumberland Hussars rode off from Waterloo, and when reproached with cowardice, they indignantly denied the imputation, assigning as a reason for their conduct that no provision had been made for their horses, if shot. Our contemporary hopes this thought will not deter the police from discharging their duty, The 'Dubbo Despatch' records the lowest price that has yet been given for a steed. At a pound sale lately held at Rylstone a horse was sold for 3d. The prospect of velocipedes superseding other modes of conveyance must be affecting the horse market. The balance sheet of the Murrumbidgee Pastoral Association, to July 9th of current year, shows a balance in hand £108 17s. On Saturday the steamer Reliance, 53 tons, from Phillip Island to Melbourne, foundered off Cape Schank, having struck, on Friday, at Woody Point. The captain and crew were saved. A cure for poultry fever, says the 'Queens- lander,' is recommended in the form of the scales of iron found around the anvil in blacksmith's shops. The scales are pulverised, mixed with corn-meal, and fed to the fowls. It is said to be the best remedy yet discovered. The Grenfell people are very wroth at the loss of their P.M. A public meeting was held on Saturday last to protest against leaving the magisterial duties to the inspector of police, who will act instead of the police-magistrate. The theatre was filled. Strong language was used, and the government was warned not to leave the diggings without proper magisterial provision. Recent transactions at Cargo were instanced as the commencement of Lynch law, on account of neglect by the authorities. In the Queensland Legislative Assembly Mr. Frazer moved that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole to take into consideration the propriety of presenting an address to his Excellency the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the supplementary estimates for 1869 the sum of ——, as com- pensation to John Dunmore Lang, for services rendered to the colony of Queensland. 'The Flying Dragon Reporter,' a Chinese newspaper printed in native characters in metal procured from Hongkong and published once a month in London, states:—The Chinese are doing well in Melbourne, and many English and Irishwomen, who seem to prefer them to the rough and rude European miners. His Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has appointed the undermentioned gentlemen to be Magis- trates of the colony, viz.:—Messrs. William Allan, Jeraldry; John Broughton, Maronga; Donald Campbell, Grenfell; John Cruick- shank, Mumblebene, Warren; Graham Michael Vox, Forster's Valley, Rockley; Isaac Lewis Isaacs, Ironbarks; Frederick Marsh, Welling- ton; John Racker Medley, Mudgee; David Pine, Grenfell; and Thomas Watson, Grenfell. The 'Australasian' says the recent velocipede races at Richmond paddock, Melbourne, have proved that a man can become an expert upon the bicycle in about two months time, and that these vehicles can be propelled on a hard road with case at the rate of twelve miles an hour. It was also shown that tricycles, how- ever well managed, have not a ghost of a chance against bicycles. Some of the gold stolen from Halligan at the time he was murdered has since been found by the Queensland police. Inspector Lloyd, whilst making a search at the place where Palmer was arrested, found 18 ozs. 17 dwts. of gold, and also Halligan's revolver, in a tree. A deputation of the Sydney Municipal Council have had an interview with the Colonial Secretary, relative to the purchase of the Australian library. They thought Govern- ment should purchase the books and place them in the Town Hall library, but Mr. Robertson thought a place near the Museum would be more suitable for a free library. He also pointed out to his civic visitors that they had only got a grant of half-an- acre for their Town Hall and had better not build on more at present. A church at Louisville, (U.S.) has put up a sign, commanding "No smoking." 