LOOS]'] PAPERS FROM HAY. No. I.—Our Township. Our township—often have I made up my mind to write and describe our township, but somehow I have always lot tlie opportunity pass—not from any fear of want of material for an article (nli no, not at all), but from a fear that I could not do our township tlia justice it deserve?, and the hope that some one more fitted to the t:isk than my unworthy self would eventually remove the bushel that has so long hidden our light, and bring our township before the eyes of the many in all its pristine beauty and brightness. Having waited and watched with all d-.ic patience without receiving a sign, I think, as time hangs heavy 0:1 hand, that :k> matter how feeble the attempt, I will endeavour to give the public a slight idea of the history, p.tt and present, of our township. In the first place, then, the geography of our township is of the simplest por-siblo jmture. It is situate in that noble salt hush district called Riverina, and is built on the north side of a (not at present) bright and shining river; it is bounded on the west by a hospital, and on the cast by a graveyard ; the south is guarded by the aforesaid river, and the north isn't; that's the whole geography of our township—a very, very simple on a, 110 doubt, but still a very true one; and if any one feels inclined to doubt my statement, why, by all means, let them come and judge for themselves, although I should advise them to leave it alone, as I don't think a close acquaintance would pay as a geographical speculation only. To continue, however, our public buildings are few, and those few of a very retiring nature, in fact so very much so, that some short time ago a few gentlemen had to raise their voices to a very liigh pitch, to prevent tlic most goodly looking of them from retiring under difficulties. Viewed from the main street, the Court-house and lock-up is a most imposing sight, and in wet weather may be agreeably likened to a lliveriua Chateau D'lf; I have certainly never heard of any one being Monte Christo'd out of it, but have no doubt some inspired lusliington could give a graphic account of its moist and uncongenial approaches gathered in a hasty and iguoble skulldragging to its purlieus. The inside, however, is not so imposing as the front; the walls and ceilings have a very seedy and insolvent look that seems almost plainly to say that if the Crown does not soon pay its duty to it that it will change the order of things and pay its duty to the Crown, and that in a striking and most forcible manner that will doubtless not be pleasant to any who may be present at the time of settlement. 'Tis but a step down yonder—at least 'tis but a step from the Court-liouse to the Post-office and Telegraph Station, built some four years ago, and looking as fresh as ever (some difference in the look of the two almost adjoining buildings; I wonder which cost most money—both, I expect, so it's no use asking.) This department is, without a doubt, a standing credit to our township, and nothing can exceed the affability and efficacy of our worthy postmaster, who, in his official capacity for the last four or five years has made many friends, and, I sincerely hope and believe, not one enemy; may he live long and prosper, and when he shuffles off this jnortal coil may his penance be confined to reistamping dead.letters in lieu of acting the part of unwilling assistant stoker to an exacting but nameless fireman. With these few passingremarks upon our public buildings, I will now proceed with our public-houses, of which we can muster the goodly number of six, and one moro promised. Strange, that publicans' promises are not, like pie-crust, made to be broken, for if you hear of a public-house promised you may depend it will be forthcoming. Some five or six years ago two public-houses were enough to satisfy the wants of our township, but as our community became enlarged fresh hands got at the bellows, with what saccess is best known to themselves, and at present we are suffering from a surfeit, but they all seem to get along somehow, so more power to tliem, say I. Why should not publicans get on as well as other folks? Theirs is as hard a struggle, I suppose, and though there are exceptions to every rule, I dare say pub- licans, as a class, are very good fellows. The only thing that surprises me is that they pull so well together ; one would think so many of a trade in such a small community would of a necessity be at loggerheads, but our publicans don't do this, or if they do they religiously keep it in the fraternity. Not so lucky are other residents of our township—they are perpetually in hot water about the most trivial matters. A case in point, for instance :—A and Ii luivc a difference of opinion, and mutual recriminations ensue. In course of time 0 has occasion to meution A's name in a report and calls him esquire. B is on the qui vive, and pounces upon the article like a hawk on its quarry. Next week appears in print a g-lorious quibble, the aim of which is to prove that A has no legal right to be dubbed esquire. A, of course, sees it, and denies the soft impeachment A a manner more forcible than agreeable, and threatens to pull that feature of B's face that most people in a trying situation of doubt arc supposed to follow. 13, being of Dutch build and averse to physical exertion, especially compulsory, betakes himself to the sheltering wing of the law, and lies perdu for some days. Some more unpleasant remarks, however, reaching the ears of the irate A, he at once starts upon the trail of the luckless B, who, all heedless of the impending storm, is engaged 011 downy couch recumbent in dreaming the happy hours away. Sleep, unhappy B, sleep; too soon will you have cause to cry havoc, for Nemesis is on your track—a shadow darkens the door—it is A. Pause, all pause; you know not what it is to commit assault aud battery in breach; is there 110 one near to advise you ?—110, not one; you rush on your fate blindly. B's slumbers become disturbed—in one moment all the events of embarkation, voyage, and landing in South America, to subsequent capture by red Indians, occur; and B wakes to find himself in the grasp of not an Indian, but the veritable A, iu proper battle attitude. One minute and it is over. Ringing round our township «ouuds a yell of triumph and a shriek of pain mingled most inharmoniously together, and B's well-fed body has been defiled by the hand of a man, and that man not an esquire; and A has opened up for himself a piece of work it will take him mouths to finish. Well, like the dogs, they find their own clothes, so I suppose it is nobody's business but tlieir own ; yet I cannot help thinking that a liittlc less stiff-neckeduess with some of our townspeople would pay iu the long run, aud prevent long journeys and weary campings by the side of unbridged creeks, with palatable provisions scarce, and mosquitoes plentiful. But, goodbye A and]'. I consider you both good follows in your several positions, and live in hopes of yet seeing you good friends again ; none will be happier to .see it than your humble servant, for if there is anything I dislike it is rows in our township. Having settled with A and B, I will now proceed witli other details. About this time last year amateur concerts were started in our township, :iud proved a great sueccss. Everyone said so—every one was pi eased with everybody, from the comic little B, who traced so admirably the woes of the rich Air. Wiliiltins ,\t the loss of his fair but perverse daughter, to the soft pleadings of the inspired 51, who entreated his mother to call him eariy, taking care, however, to make the proviso that his maternal parent should be aw.ike at the s-iid time of calling, which proviso, 110 doubt, left au impression iu the mind of people of : weak understanding that the relative in question was in the habit of calling her child at most unseasonable hours, or else had a decided proclivity to somnambulism; but a success they were without a doubt, and the winter season closed with ccl&t.; Then (Phceb-2 dearest, tell me why) 011 tlieir revival some two months ago, a change came oe'r the spirit of their dream ; everybody seemed dissatisfied— no more cncorcs, no more ringing plaudits, everything was tame. Perhaps it was that there was a sameness about the affair that had not a pleasing effect; of a surety, if S came forward to inform his father that the clock iu the steeple, in order to rhyme to "done" had obligingly struck one, and that it would be no doubt bcneficial to him were he to join' his diminishing family circle, it would immediately inform his mother that lie was fully prepared to come home and die at the shortest possible notice, and would not object to pay any reasonable expenses i:i calling ills sisters and brothers to his side, which, considering he had a soldier's last farewell hidden somewhere about his person to give them, they (the sisters and brothers) did very well, no doubt, and found it all, especially the farewell, very filling at the price. However, everything was tried, but still things went flat. At this stage R magnanimously stepped forward and volunteered to sing in French, and one or two kindly offered to assist, and no doubt would have done so only for one very simple reason —they had no French to sing with, so that this effort, though nobly tried, fell through. However, they still struggled ou, and last concert, though a rather too pathetic good-bye to his sweetheart, caused a very illtimed and unseemly vacation of their seats by some of the audience. I think the concerts were again looking up when stern Death putin his claim and removed from our midst the father and promoter of our concerts in the person of poor . A tear to thy memory, A ! t'will ever be green in my memory—thy simple virtues were man}', thy faults few, and they carried their atonement with them; but I am getting- pathetic without meaning to— so a last sigh for thee A and exuant concerts. The staple produce of our township seems, for the time being, and, iu fact, ever since I have known it, to be confined to babies and goats, and is, I think, a pretty fair race for precedence between the two—if a messenger arrives from the east with the news of the birth of a kid, certain is lie to carry back the unexpected advent of a child in the west, and vice versa. I admit I don't like either goats or babies, and may be prejudiced ag-ainst both, but I have suffered, I have suffered—I was young, I was fair, I had once a love for babies—fond mothers would confide their precious charges to my care without the slightest scruple, and the most entire confidence in my nursing abilities, and I liked it, oh, yes ! I liked it up to a certain time, when a babe, whose infantile attention I had often riveted by impromptu dogs fashioned from handkerchief and marvellous stories of ancient ladies supposed to be possessed of perverse pigs, axd bonny bunches of roses—oh! when a babe, I say, whose actions I would have vouched for rudely tore the veil of blind confidence from my eyes, and left me the laughed at one among the many. I never recovered the shock, and since then have always preferred babies at a distance—the farther, I am brute enough to say, the more enchanting to my view. But, oh ! infinitely small are the wrongs, I can lay at the shrine of bnbvdom compared with the mental anguish and physical pain I have suffered by the gambols of the goats; hut list to mv story, and judge for yourselves :. I am not of a horticultural disposition, so did not happen to have growing within my garden a flower, which I nourished with fond and anxious care—-but I had a shirt; start not friends, 1 had many shirts, but this shirt was a white shirt, a -paui-l of price, and only used on Sundays and holidays. One day lately a gentleman of my acquaintance stopped me in the street, and spoke as follows :—" D. D.," said he, " we (that is the amateurs) are in want badly of your valuable aid; we know very well you are well posted up in readings, etc., and if, for one night, you would oblige us with four or five sentimental songs, in the first part, and give us your sublime rendering of Byron's Giaour, which, I am aware, you know by heart, in the sccond, and in case of an accident be ready with a coinic song or two, you would confer a great favour upon the amateurs and a mixed but discriminating audience." Now was my time, T had long waited for this chance, and forthwith embraced it. I went home to the sharer of my joys and sorrows, and confided the matter to her; she, my wife, did not seem to see the affair in the same interesting light as myself, and forthwith inveighed in no measured terms against my going, stating that old fools were the worst of fools, (fee., but my mind was made up, and a discreet purchase of a pair of chimney ornaments which I despatched to her by some three feet of sable humanity acted as a charm, and on my return home I had the pleasure of espying my linen covering hanging in snowy whiteness upon the line. I was in high spirits, I may say I was in exuberant spirits that afternoon as I stood before the glass removing some superfluous hairs from the lower portions of my classic face. I had scarcely got fairly started among the stubble when a cry caused me to drop the instrument of torture, and rush to the door. Oil! woe, unutterable ? Oli! catastrophe most dire; what meets my eye, as sure as I am living—it is a goat going down town full speed, encased in the garment that one brief minute before was in a line high out of its reach; a moment serves to explain —the propstick was green, and goat No. 1 taking a iancy to some of the bark, gives a hearty tug; clown comes prop line and all, and goat No. who is quietly browsing in the vicinity, receives my garment baloon fashion over his horney head", one frantic jump and it is in twain, and goat No. 9 ruslies off with his trophy hanging toga fashion around him. But am I to stand quietly by. and see my property thus ruthlessly disposed of; no, indeed, the D.D's were never wont to put up with injury calmly, so in hot speed I rush in pursuit—the chase leads round a corner; I lose sight of him for a moment, but I see him again; I gain on him ; I near him; I am about to raise my foot to administer a hearty kick, when, why do I suddenly loose sight of goat No. 2, and in his place numerous brilliant corruscations flash rapidly across my vision—'tis because,'in the heat of the chase, I have not studied the laws of gravity, and am consequently transformed from a perpendicular to a horizontal position to the disarrangement of my clothes, and the grievous damage to the longest feature in my lace. I am stunned for a moment, but I eventually recover my equilibrium with my hat, but strangely my eyes do not wander in search of goat No. 2, but glance round in order to sec if any hns been a witness to my downfall. Thank the shades there is no one to be seen, so I retrace my steps with scraped shins, and bleeding nasal organ to my home. I go to bed at once; I get vinegar and brown paper applied to my smarting wounds, and I assume an interesting and invalided look in case any one should make inquiries for ine—night passes and 110 one calls. In the morning a ii iend calls to know the cause of my absence, and I toll him the truth under the veil of secrecy. He smiles faintly and leaves me. I do not stir out for three days, and when I do, people, I think, look strangely at me—is it possible my friend has violated the sanctity of my secret—I cuuuot believe it; but here comes II, his face beaming, and his lips moving as'.he almost rushes to meet me; he takes my hand, he wrings it heertily, and congratulates me on my triumph. What triumph I ask innocently; he digs me in the ribs, and eal'.s me a sly dog, at the same time informing nie that he knows all about it, and. rejoices in my powers. I beg him to explain, and lie does. Ghost of Homer, is it possible! I have given the people of our township credit for being possessed of very vivid imaginations, bnt I never, for a moment, thought that m.y being placed hors do combat by one of the 'goat species, could have been twisted bv the most fertile minded of them into half an hour's healthy amusement in the bend with a drunken bullock driver, during which I go through my facings with exemplary precision of propping and countering in the most scientific maimer until, by a combination of happy ehanecs, I dispose of my adversary by getting him into a pleasant position supposed to have been.inventod by a gentleman of pugnacious habits of. life, who rejoiced in the name of SPGuiness. To be continued. ' D.D. 