BUSHMEN'S HOMES. (From the Riverine Advertiser.) THE subject of "Bushmen's Homes" seems to have lapsed in Sydney, where the Police Magistrate, Captain Scott, had taken it up so warmly. Sydney people, cut off from the far interior by the blue mountains, have very incorrect notions as to the peculiar proclivities of those engaged in working in the wilderness. The citizens see very little of bushmen. who, when they visit the capital, often become lost in the mazes of the city. Sydney people, it would seem, care very little for those who live outside of the County of Cumberland, wherein is spent a great proportion of the two millions annually raised by the Government for public uses. The bushmen, therefore, when they visit Sydney feel themselves very much as though they were in a foreign port. Of course they receive the usual civilities as long as they have money in their pockets to pay for it. The more pay the more honour all the world over. Unhappy, or unfortunate bushtnen, like sailors ashore, are paid the most obsequious homage, while their pockets are well lined. The land tortoise and the sea turtle are very much the same in this respect. They are the lions of the hour for a time, but each finds himself on the broad of his back when his pockets are emptied. There they must lie, the land tortoise and the sea turtle, until some kind hand turns them over again, and thus enables them once more to get on to their feet. No wonder, then, that the good intentions of the magistrate fell through, and that when he had, by advertisement, invited those who took an interest ' in erratic bushmen, on their visiting Sydney, to meet at his office, oi.ly four or five citizen's attended. Had the worthy magistrate asked the philanthropic of Sydney to a feast at the expense of the class whom he was intending to lienefit—the working bushmen—how many would have accepted the invitation, and what a mine of national wealth would have been discovered lying latent in the toiling men of the interior. The bushman's praises would have been told in prose, and probably in rhyme!!— odes would perhaps have been written in his honour, and very likely we should have had "The Bushman's Waltz, "The Bushman's Gallop, &c.;, for a time. Honourable legislators, ll.L.C.'s and M.P.'s, would have sung the buslimcn's praises, and probably a society would have been formed in Sydney to provide homes for the nomads of the interior. But alas! Captain Scott fished in shallow water. We shall not say of him as the irascible Dr. Johnson said of the disciple of Isaac Walton that he had a fly at one end of the rod, and a fool at the other, but it is evident that when Sydney philanthropy is next invoked on behalf of the hushman, the hook must have a more tempting bait than that which constitutes pure benevolence. And yet to all intents and purposes Sydney citizens were not asked to put their hands in "fhei^/pockets, and launch out extravagantly in ard of the movement for taking care of erring bushmen when they get to Sydney with pockets full' of money. All that was asked on their behalf may be told in a few words. A Bushmen's Home was proposed to be erected, a kind of liead-qnarters for sucli men where they could find safe lodgings for a time, so that they should not hecome prey to those sharpers and thieves infesting our colonial cities in particular. It was not charity that was wanted, but organisation—a little time, and a little trouble, given by those who profess to have at heart the welfare of the toiling classes. Ample funds, it is believed, would be forthcoming from the resources of the bushmen themselves if an effective organisation was instituted and kept up. We should have thought that, at all events, every minister of the Gospel of Sydney and its suburbs would have responded to the advertisement referred to. Only five or six persons met at Captain Scott's office, out of a population of a hundred thonsand or so, so the convener of the meeting paid out of his own pocket the preliminary expenses incurred, and then dropped the subject, probably in disgust. The hushman is, therefore, fair game for the pickpocket, male and female—the sharper and the swindler, anybody, in fact, who may choose to prey upon him. IIow differently was the accomplished swindler Von Attems treated by the citizens— " the Count" was welcomed to nearly all thedrawing rooms. In the streets he was " the distin- " guished foreigner "—his gait, his dress, his beard and mustache, his attitude—all were copied. Sydney maidens eyed " the Count "— husband-seeking mammas — (husband- seeking for their daughters of course)—thonght themselves happy if Von Attems asked Belinda or Clara to dance. Young Sydney aped the manners of the foreigner—rich old files lent liiin cash, and cashed bis bills—honourables of both houses were glad to pay him homage, until at length Von Attems was discovered to be an ambitious valet—eventually he suddenly disappeared, departed in " Hamlet's Ghost," and he now finds himself in the grip of the incredulous phlegmatic Dutchmen at Sourabayo, where lie is to do duty in chains for the better part of his worthless life; or, at least, for twenty-two years. These two pictures of social life in Sydney offer strong food for reflecting upon. Can it be possible that the people of the oldest city of Australia arc so unmindful of their duties to the ox that treadeth out his master's corn, while they delight in bowing at the shrine of a tadpole like"Von Attems?" We hope not. We trust that there were exceptional circumstances giving a false colouring to these two pictures, and that the heart of the good people of Sydney is sounder than is thus indicated. But whether Sydney people will or will not assist in providing a home for the hushman, there is 110 reason why we in Deuiliquin should hesitate to make an effort to do so. For this last week these wanderers have been hanging about the tap-rooms of our public-houses, under the verandahs, and in front of our public buildings, whereever they could get shelter. They were not without means—each had his little cheque, if lie had not changed it. Among these men were shearers, sheep-washers, and the workers generally of the woolsheds, wherein shearing was thus early finished. What an advantage a Bushman's Home at Deniliquin would have been to these men, where they could have reposed in safety, while they looked around for more work. In the room of this, not a friendly hand was offered to these wayfarers. A few loafers—like so many blow-flies buzzed about them, while there was anything to be got from these working men. Some of the latter knocked down their cheques, and then went on the wallaby track. Some "got into trouble,'" others went away into Victoria, while a few sent away their earnings in postoffice orders to their friends, and then sought other sheds. A Home, where they could temporarily board and lodge—where information was to be secured as to where shearing had not been commenced, and where there was a prospect of further employment, would have been to these poor men what a port is to the mariner threatened with shipwreck. At such a moment a " centre" where all this bone and sinew could be heard of, would have been alike useful to employers and those seeking employment. What is wanted is a house respectably kept— with clean rooms, clean beds, clean utensils, a small library of useful books, a registry-office, &c.;, &c.;, all of which could be made self-supporting. .What is chiefly required is organisation. Surely we do not ask too much when we beg of our settlers in particular, and other influential persons here, that they will see to such tilings, and give them their countenance and moral support. As these matters now are, the labouring man here is iu a false position, which sooner or later must bring with it evil consequences to the settler. He is now in danger of becoming the victim of any heartless deni'agogue whose highest aim probably would be to set man against master —to set them quarrelling perhaps over the price of tea and sugar. The ox is asked to kick his master, and to snap at the hand that offers to. direct him in subduing the wilderness in order that master and man may jointly reap the bene-- fits of their united labours. Are we writing truths?—if so, is it not high time that we tried to remedy an evil which possibly ma}', ere long, be greater than we can subdue ? Look at facts as they occurred at Deniliquin last week. A shearer named M'Inherney lost a cheque for £10 18s 3d, which another labourer found—the latter goes to an inn to deposit his cheque with the landlady, who takes liini into a bedroom, calling upon a young female to bear witness to the transaction. The finder of the cheque changed his mind—he would place the cheque in the younger female's hands for safety. Soon after getting possessed of the clicque, the landlord ran over to the bank to get the clicque changed—when, lo! it was stopped by the loser, who was off and away. Then the law is put in motion—the police apprehended the finder of the cheque, the prosecutor was 'etched back by the police to give evidence from five miles beyond Corowa (upwards of one hundred miles from Deniliquin). This is one illustration of many such that we could publish. Surely a Bushman's Home would meet and prevent some of such evils. The prevention of crime is worthy of an effort on the part of every man here interested in the healthy progress of the country ; and those who desire to see bur gaols depopulated, and a criminal in this fine country an animal to he gazed at as a hideous spectacle to be shunned, will make an effort to initiate and support these proposed Bushmen's Homes. AN ESIBARRASSING POSITION.—A German of Frankfort lately tried to commit suiuide by throwing himself into the Maine. On being fished out by a bargeman and led before a magistrate he gave the following lamentable account of himself: "Some time since I married n widow trim bad a daughter of eighteen. My father, who often came to see us, fell in love with this daughter and married her. By reason of this my father became my son-in-law, and my step- daughter my mother ; she being, as you see, the wife of my father. Not long after this my own wife bore me a sun, who was the father of my father (and consequently my grandfather), and at the same time my uncle, seeing that he was the brother of mj stepmother. Iu her turn my stepmother, who was also my stepdaughter, brought forth a son, who became both my sou, my brother, and my grandchild. Thug my own wife, being the mothre of my father's wife, was my grandmother; I myself was the husband of my wife and her grandchild ; and, as the bus. band of .1 person's grandmother becomes naturally the grandfather of that person, it follows from all this that I am my own grandfather. This distracting state of things," remarked the German in conclusion, "deprived life of its sweets. From trying to make out my position I became afflicted with a chronic Headache, so that at last, to put an end to it all, I went and pitched myself into the river." The magistrate sympathising but unconvinced, fined the defendant, three lhalers. " MEMS us. PFAKSON, Engliith, anil Peel;," writes the Gtpps Land Times, " IIHVC rcr. nlh i.xi iuti<i iinntliL-r comiina>i,,ii to the order of the Indi'in G.mmment for cavalry hor.-es. They II.IVH just eoneludcl the purchase ofsnmeiieTeiily head of well-bred colts mid horses fur the Light Division regiment. As this is the third or fourth order mm-Sffiilly <nmj.let.il in Gipps Land hy the same firm, wiihiu the last three years, this district may well be congratulated upon the excellence of the breed of horse stock. We understand the ani.'nals were i selected hy Jlr. J...ne, Peek, and all have led found UD lo the mjuired standard." : IT is announced that the velocipede mania is dying out iu America. I 