11 CURIOSITIES OF LITERATURE. ( CFrom Perry and Ob.'s Illustrated Price Current.) l IN an old number of Chambers's Journal d there is an admirable paper on the literary ts spoils that are to be found on book-stalls; ie so much so that we cite a passage or two therefrom : k " Book-stalls were the cheap literature of ie a former age. Their business was with a re humble kind of new publications and .the t- worn out of the old. Ben Jonson, who was d probably a haunter of them, since it was e told of him that when a working bricklayer he used to be seen with a trowel in one n hand and a book in the otheil, says in his n Underwoods : 3s It is a rhyming age, and verses swarms At every stall. t, Ballads and other poems, in single sheets or e half-sheets, together with a great- variety of homely prose productions of similar form, ,e were then hung up at stalls to attract the Y attention of passers-by; and many compo y sitions thus introduced to the world have ' been gathered by our literary antiquaries, is our Percies, Evanses, and Ritsons, and o transfused into grave-looking volumes for r the admiration of learned and polite readers. Time out of mind, these humble marts of literature have been the resort of the curious i, youth, the struggling scholar, and the pains a taking book- collector." ' Stall-readers, a class of porers who are not given to buy, are as old as the days of Y John Milton, if not still more remote of origin, for he alludes to such; while, to quote the phrase of the London Quarterly, " to poor lovers of learning, old and young, these stalls are to the famishing as tables spread in the wilderness." An early habit of frequenting second \- hand book-stalls is never quite overcome, even after one has long become a purchaser in higher fields of literature. Leigh Hunt pleasantly confesses to this weakness, if such it be :-" We still find ourselves halt ing (says he) at the humblest book-stall, as we used to do when fresh from school.;In vain have we got cold feet at it, shivering, wind-beaten sides, and black-fingered gloves. The dusty old siren still delays us, charming with immortal beauty inside her homely attire, and singing songs of old poets. We still find ourselves diving into the sixpenny or threepenny box of eternal disappointment, and running over whole windows of books, which we saw but three days before, for the twentieth time, and of which we could repeat by heart a good third of the titles. Nothing disconcerts us but absolute dirt, or an ill tempered-looking woman. What delights us is to see a plentiful sprinkle of old poetry, little Elzevir classics, Ariostos full of loving comment, and a woman getting gradually better and better dressed, her afternoon ribbons matching with her pleas ant face, and a chubby urchin in her arms. We have ourselves precisely the same habits. Nothing delights us more than to overhaul some dingy tome, and read a chapter gratuitously. Occasionally, when we have opened some very attractive old book, we have stood reading for hours at the stall, lost in brown study and worldly forgetful ness, and should probably have read on to the end of the last chapter, had not the vender of published wisdom offered, in a satirically polite way, to bring us out a chair.-' Take a chair, sir; you must be tired.' " In an odd volume, picked up in one of those lowly depositaries of literary wares, entitled the Physiological Principles of Elo cution, we find the following lessons given, under the name of Muscle Breakers : Thou waft'd'st the rickety skiff over the mountain 'height cliffs, and clearly saw'st the full orb'd moon, in whose silvery and effulgent light thou reef'd'st the haggled sails of the ship-wrecked vessel on the rook bound coast of Lamscatka. Peter Prickle Prandle picked three peeks of prickly pears from three prickly prangly pear-trees; if, then, Peter Prickle Prandlo picked three pecks of prickly pears from the three prickly prangly pear-trees, where are the three pecks of prickly pears that Peter Prickle Prandlo picked from the three prickly prangly pear-trees P Success to the prickly prangly pear- picker. Before leaving this class of literary per formances, we give a few specimens of alliteration, which, though sometimes child ish, nevertheless are regarded as literary curiosities. Whoever has attempted an acrostic will fully appreciate the ingenuity evinced in the following : SIEGE OF BELGRADE. An Austrian army, awfully arrayed, Boldly by battery besieged Belgrade ; Cossack commanders cannonading come, Dealing destruction's devastating doom ; Every endeavour engineers essay, For fame, for fortune-fighting furious fray : Generals 'gainst generals grapple-graoious God ! How honours Heaven heroic hardihood I Infuriate-indiscriminate in ill, Kinsmen kill kinsmen-kinsmen kindred kill I Labour low levels loftiest, longest linee- Men march 'mid mounds, 'mid moles,'mid murd'rous mines: Now noisy noxious numbers notice naught Of outward obstaoles opposing ought: t Poor patriots, partly purchased, partly pressed, . Quite quaking, quickly quarter, quarter 'quest: t Reason returns, religious right redounds, Suwarrow stops such sangulinalry sounds. True to the Turkey-triumph to thy train ! Unjust, unwise, unmerciful Ukraine I Vanish vain victory, victory vanish vain I Why wish we warfare ! Wherefore welcome were Xerxes, Ximens, Xanthus, Xaviere P Yield I ye youths ! yo yeomen yield your yell I Zeno's, Zarpater's, Zoroaster's zeal, And all attracting- arms against appeal. f ABOUT nOYS. d Boys beautiful by birth, born bonny bouncing n babies, become blustering, bumptious brats betimes, tl a blowing bubbles, biting brass buttons, burying black beetles, bullying beggars, bestriding balustres; burn ing brimstone behind Betty's beehivos; bursting beer barrels behind blue-breeched butler's backs; f bothering busy bakers by buying bun bargains be r fore breakfast; boisterously beating blackberry bushes because by blackbirds built beneath ; brusing l bright butterflies' brittle bodies between bound books; bending Blanche's bewitching best bonnet; s bumping borrowed boats; breaking brother's- bats D by bowling brick-bats; barking behind breathless 1 bellowing bullooks, butcher be-driven beasts I ABOUT NEWSPAPEIS. Ninety-nine newspapers nightly narrate novelties. 8 New notions I-new novels I-new-fashioned needle work 1-nauseous nostrums nullifying nervousness I a -new-fangled nutriment (neither nice nor nasty), named nectar necessitating no nature-nursing ! Now notifying newly nominated noble noodles neglecting national negotiations. S Next, noting naval news- North-pole, Niger, Nile navigations,-neverthelens, nothing's new now-a r days I N aughty Neddy's nibbling nurse's nice now neckerchief ! Niggers never need new nail-brushes I MgISSU' MESSAGE TO TILE STABLE-DOY. D Thomas! tell Timothy that those troublesome, 3 tiresome terriers tore tidy Theresa's tucks to tatters; turned the tables topsy-turvy; tormented the tame tortoise; therefore tell Timothy to tie them tight to the terrace trees till they're tractable. They're too teasing. - Tell Tim, too, to take two tenpenny toasting tea cakes, these three tamarind tarts, together, to Tabi tha Tibbett's tea-table to- night. Try to-think to tell these two things, Thomas. P TZE BAlurIm.-The following description of the position and influence of the barmaid appears in an English periodical :-The po sition of a bar-girl is very odd. It is neither f one thing nor another. We are dressed up I like ladies, we look like ladies, but we ain't. a I know we're not, because the gentlemen s laugh at us, and look at each other sometimes s when we say things. The young swells make r love to us, but they would never marry us. a Those that would marry us we wouldn't s have. There is a deal of love of one kind or another wasted upon us bar-girls. It hurts the young men more than it does us. We get used to flatteries-we hear them all day long; but each young man thinks that he is f the party that has made the impression. We are the ruin of many young men, without a being able to help it. They come spooning \- around us, and in hanging about the bar a they learn to drink. I have known a young man drink a whole bottle of brandy in nips I in the course of an afternoon. He didn't want the nips, and only took them to have an excuse for standing at the bar and talking f with us. I have seen many young men go a to the bad this way, under my very eyes. I \- have seen them drowning in liquor, as it were, without having the power to rescue a them; for, of course, it would never do for us to refuse them drink, unless they were f much the worse and noisy. The nonsense I have listened to !-the grasps of the hand I have had!--the deep-drawn sighs I have heard breathed over the pork-pies and sau sage-rolls !--the oceans of champagne I have seen poured out on the shrine of our fascina tion ! Poor young men, if they only knew what fools we think them ! SEBASTOPOL.-I had often inquired about Sebastopol and its condition since the siege. I was generally told that it had undergone but little improvement ; but I confess I was not prepared for the ruinous condition in which I found it. It is even more em phatically a city of ruins now than it was when the allies entered in September, 1855. As we passed into the harbour I heard a Russian on board the steamer remarking mournfully, with a sigh, "Sevastopol est mort." The white crumbling walls looked like the ghost of this dead city as we ap proached it. Only a few houses have been repaired, and are now inhabited. I asked a Russian if he thought that one house in four had been renovated. His answer was, \--" If you said one in ten you would be nearer the truth." And further inspection showed me that this estimate, if not correct, only falls short of the truth. Some quar ters are as solitary and desolate as Thebes or Baalbec. There is scarcely a living figure to be seen, but a few cows grazing in the grass-grown streets, or a sow followed by a progeny of pigs wandering about Sebastopol. Fort Nicholas and Fort Paul cannot be called ruins, they are but mounds of rubbish. It is the same with such places as the site of the houses which stood in the rear of the Redan. It is to the town proper, where any walls are yet left standing, that we can apply the word " ruin." A curious event has taken place since-the war which strikes everyone who enters Sebastapol. A colossal statue has been erected to Admi ral Lazareff. It is of bronze and nearly thirty feet high, on a pedestal of black marble, which adds nearly another thirty feet to the height of the whole. It stands on the broad esplanade in front of what we called the "White Buildings," which were the marine barracks, and it looks over the harbour and the town. Sebastopol was the work of this man. It was his energetic ability which created this plact, and built the fleet of the Black Sea. It was the pur pose of the Orimean war to destroy what this man had spent his lifo in building and organising. That'purpose was accomplished, and it has now a curious effect upon the mind to see that great black statue of him standing in the midst of ruins. The bar racks, dockyards, and other establishments of his design are seen all around him in the relics of their destruction. - Prince of Wales's Tour. MAuoRIAGE mr AM?EnrA.-There comes rather a good story of married life from America. The hero of it set out for Arkan sas, leaving his wife at home. The lady, weary of the separation, wrote to her hus band, entreating his return. He begged 2 that she would be patient, and pointed out I that his absence, though irksome to both, was good for their mutual interests. Sir I months elapsed-then a whole year. At a length, one fine evening, the husband re- I turned and knocked at the door of his house, expecting a royal welcome. "It is I, my I adored one." "Who are you?" said the lady. "Don't you know your husband?" ( was the reply. I have no husband," was the lady's rejoinder. "What do you mean ? " i cried the man. "Since you would not re- t turn," was the reply, "I sought and ob tained a bill of divorce." "But," the hus band began to answer. "Withdraw, sir," said the lady, stopping him; "it is not right I that a stranger should come here at this late 4 hour." "Ungrateful!" "No recrimina- ii tions." "Why," continued the man, "I t came to lay the fortune I have made at your C feet." "Get out I" was the only reply, I do not mean to be compromised." So the I man departed, and-fury in his heart-re- t turned to Arkansas,. After he had been a k there some time he had a chat one evening with General W., who said to him, "how is it that a man of your position is not mar ried ?" "I do not know any woman here v who would suit me," he replied. " But Sthere must be lots in your native place," re torted the general. "You are right," said our friend ; "I will go and see to-morrow." Ha e set out, and six weeks afterwards he re turned with a wife leaning on his arm. " Ah I " said the general, "you have done the deed, then ; you have married ? " "Par don; I have re-married." "How ? were 3 you a widower ?" "Nothing of the kind." " How, then ? I do not understand you." "I have re-married my wife, who had ob tained a bill of divorce against me. I courted e her as if we had never known each other." " Married twice to-the same woman ! ' cried the general; "you are incorrigible !" It is a pretty romance, and may be worth reading when the papers are full of the number of cases with which the divorce court is choked. ,, VELOOPEDIAwA.--The following remarks respecting the bicycle are from Ohambers's a Journal:-With regard to the speed which may be attained, fifteen miles an hour, under the most favourable circumstances, that is, good hard road, not level, but without very steep hills, and no wind blowing, is probably the limit of the velocipede's powers; but a pace of nine or ten miles an hour may be maintained for five or six hours without dis tress. Long journeys on level roads are d perhaps the most fatiguing, on -account of their monotony, because the feet as in r walking are nearly always at work. Still, P even in this case the driver can maintain his speed with one foot, resting the other on ° the leg-rest; or, if disposed, he may even place both feet on the rests, and run.four e or five hundred yards without working at all. The slightly increased labour of t climbing a hill is nothing to the zest imparted by the knowledge that there is sure to be a hill on the other side to go down, and that e is the most luxurious that can be imagined. Y Decending an incline at full speed, balanced on a beautifully-tempered steel spring that takes every jolt from the road-wheels t spinning over the ground so lightly they scarce seem to touch it-the driver's legs r Tested comfortably on a cross-bar in front shooting the hill at a speed of thirty or forty miles an hour-the sensation is only com t parable to that of flying, and is worth all the pains it costs in learning to experience it. " The velocipediet feels but one pang as he reaches the bottom of the hill, and that t is, that it is over; and but one exquisite wish, t which is, that the entire country might e somehow become metamorphosed into down r hill. But the hill is bountiful even after one has left it; for the impetus derived-from a good incline will carry the rider at least the hill's length on level ground before he need remove his feet from the rests and commence working again. The slightest incline on a e good road is sufficient to obviate all necessity for working with the feet, so that r what little labour there is (and it is of the easiest) is by no means incessant. In a t journey of twenty miles on a good road, a driver should not work more than twelve a -the inclines do the rest. t ** * * To a the spectator the velocipedist appears almost i wholly to employ his legs; but in reality the muscles of the arms are in strong tension in the act of grasping the handles, so as to counteract the motion of the feet on the 1 pedals, which motion would otherwise tend to sway the wheel from side to side. In fact, after a long journey, the driver will I feel more fatigue in his arms than his legs. Once mastered, the two-wheeled steed is a 1 docile and tractable animal, equally sensitive t to bit or bridle, and a sturdy friend to the traveller. For him the pike-men throw open their gates without asking for toll. He needs neither corn nor beans, nor hay nor L straw, neither ostler nor stableman. His stable is a bit of the passage-wall, against which he reposes without taking up any room, until his master needs him again; his only food a pennyworth of neat's-foot oil per month. Up to May 31 there have been sixty-nine applications for provisional protections for patents made in England this year, for improvements in the bicycle or two-wheeled velocipedes. FEi.LE SnIeERs.-Popular applause is lavished on public singers in a manner that scarcely any other women can possibly enjoy. When Piccolomini sang in Italy, they not only showered bouquets upon her, but now and then a white dove fluttered to her feet. When Jenny Lind sang at Stockholm, the rush for seats was so great that they were put up for auction, and realised fabulous sums, all of which went to a fund to estab lish a school there for decayed artists. As a body, there is no one more charitable than musicalartists. When, in 1847, the Misses Pyne (then not so well known to fame) heard that a society for homeless children must fall to the ground for want of funds, they volunteered, unasked, to give a concert for its benefit, which was eminently success ful. Olara Novello's triumphs ought not to be forgotten. At Genoa, her audiences threw bouquets containing valuable coronets at her feet, to say nothing of camellias worth twenty-five guineas a piece, then escorted her home with torches and flam beaux. A greater triumph, however, has scarcely been achieved by any singer than the unparalleled reception given to Patti of late in Russia. The sums which fortunate singers realise, too, is almost incredible. Everybody, doubtless, remembers Gabrielli's reply to Catherine II of Russia, when she expressed her astonishment at her demand ing 8000 ducats for singing, by saying "why I don't pay a field-marshal as much as that." "Well then get your field marshal to sing to you." The Empress seems to have seen the force of the argu ment, and paid the demand. There are so few first-rate voices in the world that they can always secure their price. The said Gabrielli made a large fortune, and lived in the greatest splendour. The anec dotes of her extravagances are endless. One will suffice. A Florentine noble who came to pay his court to her, caught a costly lace ruffle in the trimming of her dress and tore it. As a compensation, she sent him six bottles of Spanish wine, corked with Flemish lace. Mrs. Billington at one time realised an income of £14,000 a year. Rubini's income one year amounted to £90,000. In these days, when money is so necessary, no wonder people wish to make their mark on the stage.--The Queen. It is now pretty well-known, says the Athenmum,' that woods and forests of leafy trees promote rainfall and nourish the flow of springs and of rivers; but it is not so well known that trees of the kind described by the Germans as Nadelholz- noodlewood -produce the contrary effect. That such is the fact, however, appears from a statement which will be read with interest by owners of waste lands. The forest of St. Amand, situated in the north of the district of Valenciennes, comprising one thousand eight hundred acres of silicious sand mixed with a small quantity of clay, was formerly covered with scrub and stunted clumps of oak and birch, and being in places very damp was much haunted by snipes. In 1843 this un productive growth was cleared off, and Scotch firs (Pinus sylvestris) were planted. These throve well, and are now tall, hand some trees adorning the waste. But during their growth it was observed that the damp places became dry; the snipe abandoned the locality; then two or three springs and a small stream that once flowed through the covert dwindled away, and at last entirely disappeared. Here was a surprise ! The forestal functionaries set to work to discover, if possible, the explanation. They dug trenches, six feet deep on the site of the springs, and made borings to greater depths. The trenches disclosed no appearance of water ; but showed that the roots of the first as also those of the former oaks and birches had penetrated six feet or more into the soil.. By the borings two underlying beds of water, one of considerable volume, were dis covered; and the natural inference was that they had formerly stood at a higher level, and thereby maintained the springs; but in what way their level had been lowered by the growth of the firs was a question which could not then be answered, nor has a satis factory answer yet been arrived at. The fact, however, remains, that trees included in the pinus tribe exert a desiccating influ ence on the soil; and in the discussion oc casioned by what has taken place in the forest of St. Amand, it has been mentioned that many of the lagoons on the south-west coast of France have been dried up and con verted into woods by planting the maritime pine along their margins, and advancing the planting as the waters receded. Is there anything in these foreign facts that can be turned to account here at home? In the recently-published report of the commission appointed to inspect fortifications, an account was given of the exceeding difficulty the builders had in finding a solid foundation for the forts at the marshy mouth of the Medway and on the approaches to Chatham. Deep excavations were dug; but for a long time whatever was built showed a tendency to sink down out of sight; and even now that the forts do uprear their faces their stability is not absolute. Rightly do the natives of the district name the river the Mudway. But if the marshy shores of Gascony can be dried up by plantations of pine-trees, cannot the same be done on the marshy shores of Kent? If it can, the benefit will be manifold. The ground will be made firm and dry, ague will disappear, the country within will be sheltered, and the landscape . will look less dreary than at present, to. say nothing of the gain in tim ber. A S _ALL CoNoREaoTION.-In Curiosities of the Pulpit, and Pulpit Literature, the following incident is narrated in connection with Dr. Beecher :-Dr. Lyman Beecher, the well-known American Presbyterian minister, once engaged to preach for a country minister on exchange, and the Sabbath proved to be one excessively stormy, cold, and uncomfortable. It was in mid winter, and the snow was piled all along in the roads, so as to make the passage very difficult. Still the minister urged his horse through the drifts, put the animal into a shed, and went in. As yet there was no person in the house, and after looking about the old gentleman-then young-took his seat in the pulpit. Soon the door opened, and a single individual walked up in the aisle, looked about, and took a seat. The hour came for commencing service, but no more hearers. Whether to preach to such an audience was a question, and it was one that Lyman Beecher was not long in de ciding. He felt that he had a duty to per form, and he had no right to refuse to do it because only one man could reap the benefit of it; and accordingly he went through all the services, praying, singing, and the bene diction, with only one hearer, and when all was over he hastened down from the desk to speak to his congregation, but he had de parted. A circumstance so rare -was re ferred to occasionally ; but twenty years after it was brought to the doctor's mind quite strangely. Travelling somewhere in' Ohio the doctor alighted from the stage one day in a pleasant village, when a gentleman stepped up and spoke to him, familiarly calling him by name. " I do not remember you," said the doctor, " I suppose not," said the stranger; " but we once spent two hours together in a house alone in a storm." "I do not recall it, sir," added the old man; "pray when was it?" "Do you remember preaching, twenty years ago, in such a place, to a single person ? " "Yes, yee," said the doctor, grasping his hand, "I do, indeed, and if you are the man, I have been wishing to see you ever since." "I am, sir :'and that sermon saved my soul, made a minister of me, and yonder is my church ! The converts of that sermon, sir, are all over Ohio." TuE BOILED BEEP OF A?s?r?LIA. (New Patriotic Song for the British Workman.) Air-" The Roast Beef," &o.; Hurrah for the meat-now our own's got so dear They're bringing preserved from Australia here; The workman can add to his bread and his beer The tender boiled beef of Australia I O the tender Australian boiled beef ! The butchers will shake in their shoes, I'll be bound, With their chops and their steaks at a shilling a pound, And joints for poor folks, that are " touch'd" and unsound! . For now we've the beef, &O.; When juicy boil'd beef is the artisan's food, H?'ll find it at once inexpensive and good, And fivepence a pound fat and bones will exclude, SFrom the boiled beef, &c.; Then let us from all the stale rubbish refrain Some butchers oft sell for exorbitant gain And stick to the beef that is brought o'er the mein. O the boiled beef of Australia! &e.; -Judy. CAnBY SowD.-Swell (Bscrewing himself up for cthe contest): "How much ?" Cabby (with a rush): "Five shillings, sair ! Swell: "0 nonsense II don't want to buy your horse ! What's your fare, I mean! (Cabby gives in.)--Punch.' ' .Printed and pulblised byd Jolhn Gale, sole proprictor, at hisa oefftce, Rutledge-street, Queanbelan, in thed colony ?wi' uouta WFales. 