CEI CEE T. The Intercolonial Match for 1868-69. The usual match between Victoria and New South Wales commenced on Thursday in the Domain, and was continued yesterday, as will-be seen by the appended scores. We are content in the present issue to give an account of the play, leaving our remarks upon the match j generally, until the game is concluded, as many things ! require to be noticed whi:h cannot be done justice to, while the match is in an unfinished state. Wo wera glad, indeed, to seo Coates so far recovered as to take his place in the field ; but missed one old friend, George Gilbert, whose absence from an Intercolonial team must always be a loss. The captains were Wardill for Vic- toria, and Hewitt for this colony. Messrs. Smith and George Curtis were umpires, and the scorers* tent was occupied by Messrs. Coombe and J. L. Park. Wardill having won the toes, elected to take his men to the wickets, and a few minutes after the time advertised, viz., 12 o'clook, play commenced ; Victoria having won the toes, chose as their two first representatives, Phillips and Wardill (the captain), Thompson facing tho illustrious captain with the ball, who in receiving the first from Nat, gave him a very difficult catch, which, however, sent him to the tent-1 for 0. Nat's second ball wa« played neatly for 1 by Gibson, Phillips also slipping for 2\. Gregory was the next to handle the ball, his first being drawn for 1 also by Gibson. Another single to Gibson of Nat's first, followed by 1 to Phillips to the same spot. Phillips played Gregory for 1 to the off : the next from Gregory Gibson made a fino forward drive, which was magnificently caught by Gregory, for which he received unbounded applause. Ss wickets for 10 runs. Kelly substituted Gibson, and succeeded in scoring a single, when ho was given out leg before wioket. 3 out for 10. Carter was tho next to put in an appear- ance, contriving a Binglo his second ''all ¡ one also to Phillips oft* Gregory, and then followed the first maiden over to Thompson. Carter cut Davis's first for 2, also for 1, which was badly fielded by Caffyn ; another maiden to Thompson-first maiden to Gregory. Carter now enlivened the game by putting Nat's first into tin »coring tent for 4 ; another maiden to Gregory, who ii dead on the wioket-also Hewitt, in his best form, wicket-keeping ; a maiden again to Thompson, who ie bowling admirably. Phillips drew Gregory for a single, which finished the over. A drive by Phillips oil Nat, which he well fielded ; but his last ball of the ovei was finely hit to leg for 4, amidst great applause, Gregory followed with a maiden, Thompson also doing likewise; another maiden to Dave ; Carter played Nat ti tho off for a single-Phillips also slipping for 3. Cartel played a very close singlo off Gregory-also driving Thompson to the oil for 1. At this period Coates sub- stituted Dave with the ball-his first sending Carter ti tho right about, after a well-earned score of 16 Allhougn he has an ugly form, I fancy ho wil be found very effective. * 4 out for 30 liggleston supplied the vacanoy and scored a double ol Cuates the first bull, Nat thinking a maiden advisable Coates followed suit with another. Phillips now mad' a neat drivo off Nat for 2. Phillips playing in fine style Coates, the first of his third over, found his way toEggle «ton's timbers, which caused his retreat, adding only ¡ to tho score-5 out for 33. Sam Costick, known as th slogger fiilod tho vnoanoy and drove Coates fori, the fire ball, following with a very flukey hit for 1, off Nat Another dickey 1 in the slips to Sam, which brougli him face to face with Thompson, from whom he didlei a single. Phillips also contributing a singlo, also 1 ol Coates, thus finishing tho over, after which the innc man was refreshed. Hewitt at this juncture went o with his slows, sooing Sam vis- a-vis ; which provpd th good judgement of the Captain, thus proving fatal to Sar the second ball-G out for 4. Costick only troubling th scorers to the extent of 5. Lieut. Noyes suppléments' Costick, and played a maiden off Coatos. First maidc to Hewitt, whose place at the wickets is efficiently pct formed by Nat. A singlo to Phillips constituted the ovei Much amusement was caused this over by Hewitt wit bis slows at Phillips, who did not feel quite at home wit them. Noyes slipped Coates for a double, when Hewil caused Phillips to retire, being smartly stumped by Nt after a well played innings, without giving a ghost of chance for 14. A. stoppage of the gamo for a fe' moments took place through the bolting of a cnb, wliio caused great commotion among the spectators, som of whom were seriously injured. 7 out for 43. Tl: invincible Wills now was vis-a-vis with Noyes, focin Coutes's peculiars, who did not I think feel sorry wher was over. Wills made a single off Hewitt, Noyes doin likewise. A maiden to Coates. Wills eecuriti a single off tho slows terminated the over. Drivir, Coates also for 2 and 1, brought him to face the slow again, which ho admires (I don't think). After the cn of this over tho bell wes rung, which denoted tho wan of the inner man. After the good things provided ft luncheon had been duly considered, and several toas drank, foremost of which was the health of the Queel the Victorian Eleven, «to., they retired. When tl usual preliminary practice was freely indulged in b both elevens, Wills and Noyes, being the not out resumed their places, Coates delivering the first over 1 Noyes, which was a maiden, Hewitt also securing maiden. Coates' first ball caused Noyes to retire, beir splendidly caught at point by Thompson. 8 for 5 Goldsmith succeeded, but the first he received prove Iiis quietus. 9 out for 53. Victorians looking a case i tunk. Allen, the notable Victorian bowler, now beean the companion of Wills, and I must say he ts anythir but a batsman. A maiden to Hewitt, a double to Alic totlowed by a single, constituted the over. Anolh maiden to Hewitt, a miiden to Coates, whose bowlir and fielding was all that could be desired. The fir ball of Hewitt's next over sent Wills to tho place fro whenco he came, contributing 7 only to the state nfidirs, being given out leg before wioket, thus ondir tho first innings of tho Victorian team for a total of 6 After an interval of 10 minutes the N. S. W.'s fir representatives at tho wickets were Sheridan and Foi weather, tho former freing Costick, who took first on with tho ball and bowled his first maiden. Allen toe tho ball at the other end, and sent Fairweather to tl right about very easily, showing the badness of choice tl N.S.W. Association had displayed in this selection. Slat followed only to return, for in cutting tho first ball her ueived, lioguve liest lok a chance which wa» eagerly accepted. 2 out for 0. Ca flyn now showed amidst thunderinn applauso from tho speotators, and took Allen's last ball very mildly. Sheridan slipped Sam for a single, whioh brought CaQyn to faoo Sam, in whioh over Saw gave him a aurly one, which Caflyn could not savvy, so he gave a chanco to Eggloston, who could not refuse it Thompson, tho favorite, came next, and played Sam to short leg rory neatly, but in being too anxious to get 2 runs was run out. Game looking extremely dull. .] out for 2. Victorians extremely excited. Howitt wa; tho next to wield the uncertain willow, and played tin- iest ball of Sam's over. A maiden to Allen through the good fielding of Costiok. Hewitt put Sam to point for 1, Sheridan also following suit to tho same place. The next over from Allen, Sheridan was given out log bofore wicket, securing 2 to his credit. G out for 4. Hewitt now made a splendid hit to leg for 4, following it up by .a singlo to the oil', Sam liking it (of course). A. maiden to Allait, also a maiden to. Costiok. Howitt made a sharp hie to leg but was picked np equally as sharp bj Eggleston, he only scoring a single. Another' maiden to Sam, who is bowling well within himself. Gregory drove Allon for a single, Carter.preventing a treble by . smart fielding; another maiden to Sam, Hewitt mada a fine hit over the bowler's head, but was very cleverly caught by Carter, who was fielding at long on, having scored 7 in good style. 6 out for ll. Coates supplied tho vacancy, and drew Costiok for a single, Gregory also for a single in the slips. Gregory gave a slight chanco to Allen, which he could not hold, and, therefore, scored a single. A maiden to Allen also, one to Costiok. Gregory now broke the ico and hit Allen twice consecutively to leg for 2 each, and Coates put away for 1 off Sam, also did Gregory; things now seeming to take a change, both men having great confidence ; two maidens followed, tho bowling being too good for the batsmen to score. Gregory in hitting Allen to log did not get a fair hold of tho ball giving Goldsmith a chance which was taken, after scoring 9 by really good orioket. 7 out for 21. At this period a little refroshmont was in demand, by fl ay of a spoil for a time ; Park succeeded Gregory, Coates now played Sam neatly to the on for 1. Alien securing a maiden. Park played Sam to leg for a singlo, and Coates seeming very confi- dent, playing with tho greatest easo and care. Another maiden to Sam. A singlo to Park off Allon whioh finished tho over. Another maidon to Costick, Coates making a magnificent drivo for 3, oil'Allon. Allen's noxt ball Park indulged in his favorito leg poke, which proved fatal, being caught by Egglcston. 8 out for 27. Oatloy, tho "Pot," now joined Coates, who mada tho hit of tho day, bitting Allon for 2, and then for 6, straight over tito bowler's hoad, but tho scoring was too rapid, for in opening his shouldors to repeat tho doso, ho, tho noxt ball, was well caught by Cartor, after contributing 15 [ia rare style. 9 out for 36. Kellick tho last man, put in an appearance, and took tho romaindor of tho over. Costick following with a maidon. Allon also a maidon. Allen found out Kellick's woakness, and ovor-tossod a ball which immediately troubled his timbers without giving the eoorors any trouble. Oatloy not out 1, and thus terminated the unexpected and unsatisfactory innin« for a total of 37. The Victorians being ahead by 24 the first innings. i At i to 6 o'olook the N. S. Welshmen again toole He field for the commencement of the second inning, Phillips and Eggleatone being the tiro first to show ,j the wickets. Coates bowled the first over, which wu a ' maiden. Hewitt, with his inevitable slows, toot possession of the other end, his first over also being i maiden. Phillips now broke the ico by snicking Costo to leg for a single, also repeating the dose to Hewitt through the bad fielding of Kelliok. Another of ¡iii peculiar snicks brought Egglestono to face the slow, which he was not over anxious to receive, but Hewitt however, found the way to his terra-firma whioh carnet him to cry a go, without adding to the score. 1 wickt for 4 runs-Phillips not out 4. After which the stump were drawn for the day. SXCONDDAT. Phillips, the not out of the previous day, agiit resumed his place at the wickets, having for his com' psnion Gibson, who filled Egglestone'a vacancy. Hewitl led of with the slows to Gibson, who played thi remainder of them corrcotly. Coates commenced thi other end, and bowled a maiden. Gibson broke tbi ice with a drive for 2 off Hewitt's last ball; a eecom maiden to Coates ; a single to Gibson of Hewitt's fin ball, and Phillips finished the over. Gibson got i single by an overthrow, and also another which wa well fielded by Fairweather. Another drive to Gibjoi .itt" Coates for 2 finished the over; tho third ball o Hewitt's over caused Phillips to adjourn to the teni being beautifully caught by Caffyn at slip, only obtain ina 4. 2 out for ll runa. Kelly filled Phillipe place Gibson hitting forward for two 2's consecutively ol Coates, and Kelly slipped Hewitt for 1 ; Gibson follow ing with a double and also a single ¡ Kelly a single o Coates with the last ball. Kelly in trying to drir Coates, was splendidly caught by Coates with one hand amidst great cheering. 3 for 20. Carter, the Oxton man, now put in an appearance, and played his fin ball for a single. Kelliok lost a run played by Cant through bad fielding, the captain thinking it adviaakl ¿hanged his place in the field. Carter played Coates t tho on for a single very neatly, the alon uow getting well pasted for 2's and singh in fine form by these batsmen. Gibaon gi another single off Coates, who is bowling l Carter also a single, the last ball of the over. D. Grrgot waa now substituted for the slows, a very good chug too. Carter got a aingls off Gregory's third ball, GibM cut beautifully for 2 off Gregory. A maiden to Cont Gibson again for 2 off Gregory, following with a dru tor the same number ; another maiden to Coates. Oil son played to leg for 2, the remaining three being fe .<oad to get away. Carter played his first for a tungi Gibaon doing likewise, and both bats well in, and dout tess will trouble the field before being separated. Thom «om now takes the ball from Gregory, and bowles naiden to Gibson. And Howitt tries the slows again Coates's end, his first ball getting slops from Carter, n ?Iso Gibaon. Park making a miserable attempt to fie a ball which went clean through his legs. Carter play Thompson to tho on very neatly for 1, after which th retired for a refresher. The telegraph board showing 3 3 50, with all probability of plenty of leather hunlir Carter and Gibson amusing themselves with the slot getting runs rapidly off them. Carter made a vi llukoy tip for a Bingle, and then played a maiden fri tlewitt. Thompson now broke the spell by giri Gibson a ticer which he could not stomach, he playing I nail back to Nat very easily, after a well earned seor« 29 without a chance. 4 out for 53. Wardill the Ci now joined Carter, and led off with a double off K A. maiden to Hewitt followed, also ono to Xbomp« Howitt caught Wardill very smart at the wicket, hail scored three. 5 out for 57. Coaatick succeeded Wan iud out Nat for 3, and then faced a maiden from -tlows. Sam drove Kat for 2, ond Carter played Hei i single, Sam following suit the next ball. A uiaidct .Vat. Carter played Hewitt for 2 and 1, which finn! i ho over. Ho scoring a single off Nat the first ball,! following with a hit to leg for 2, and a drive to the for a like nnmber. Ceates relieved Hewitt with ?lecond ball Carter getting away for 2 and then 1, .îlao a aingle off Nat's second ball. After whioh tho rung for luncheon. A little after 3 o'clock play resumed, Sheridan bowling the first over to Carter* \ drew him for a single, Costick also following with a ali Nat still remained unohanged, Sam playing bis first I -ingle as also Carter for I ; first maiden to Sberii Sam touched Nat for a aingle, Cartor following suit i Carter here skyed a ball off Sheridan, right into Kelli hands, which ho could not hold, showing another do tho selection Committoe chose. Costick pulled Sheri to the on for 3, the last ball of tho over a shear fli darn snicked a ball from Nat which was over thrown, .vhich lie received a single. Cartor also a single Sheridan, anolhor to Carter off Nat. Sam pulled snol ?ff Sheridan for a double. D. Gregory now took natl from Thompson and bowled a maiden to Cai Coates alao releived Sheridan, Sam driving him for .md 1, and another 2 off Gregory's first ball, but .econcl ball he fell a victim to Thompson in the slip Gregory's bowling, but not without troubling the sec ro the extent of 27 runa well got. The telegraph stood 6 27, 104. Lieut. Noyes followed, and rece the remainder of the over from Gregory, Carter epoi the next over of Coates's with a tip for 1. Noyes sea it single off Coates and received also a maiden from D Carter drew Coates's last ball for 2 and Noyea al -ingle off Gregory, followed by a snick by Carter f and 1, and also 1 off Costes, playing in fine form bei regular sticker, hitting all round very gracefully. Hi again resumed the slows, Carter putting him away 1 very cooly, another single to Carter off tho slows. N gave rather a difficult ohance to Hewitt which he c not reach, another to Carter off the slows, and the f mg very indifferent. Carter's batting being the ittraction. After a few minutes elapsed for refreshm Che telegraph showing-6 27, 130 at tho time, and fi. S, W. establishing a funk. However, Gregory bo a maiden to Noves, and Kelliok succeeded Hewitt t ho ball, the last ball off which Carter ecored a tingle, 1 to Os-tcr, smartly fiolded by Hewitt, another 2 to Ca* ofTKelHck to leg, and also.a couple to tho off, but li noxt ball Kellick, with one of his judgment one's, M Iiis way to Carter's timbers, he having played s rei 4Uocassful innings, only giving one probable chance b (ho fine score of 63 got i n real good cricketing stria, I »ut for 138. Wills supplied the vacancy, and Novel mis a drivo for 4 off Gregory, and Wills for a iit|i »ff Rollick, but Wills in skying a drive fra Grepory was splendidly caught by Hui», i ni id great applause. 8 out for 343. Alls came next, and received Gregory's last ball of tba ore A sniok to Allen for 2, no ono being moro surprised tis himself at getting it ; also scoring 2 for a out which h intended for mid off. Gregory's first ball of the on sont Noyes to the right about, he playing tho ball ts; »imply into Hewitt's hands at point, having scored", very reluctantly. 9 for 149. Goldsmith, the last mu, putin an appearance-Allen in tho meantime amwil tho spectators with his Hankey Panlcey display with ld bat during a roaidon he received from Kel I ¡ok. Goli smith soon retired; being caught by Caffyn off Qreptj without scoring. Allen not out 4,-thus dosing lb second innings of the Victorians for a total of 1% leaving the New South Welshmen 174 runs to gel fc win. The fielding was vorv indifferent en the pirti1 tho New South Wales men, with ono or two exception Wo have, indeed, witnessed better orickot eight ¡ta since. We see no improvement whatever these lattin years. All tho young blood seem to play well ia pru tico j but in a match, invariably establish a funk, if rt may use the term.-After an elapse of twonty minuta the Victorians took the field for tho last time at 6'15 D. Gregory and Sheridan being the first at the wick* on tho part of New South Wales, Wills commencing tb bowling to Sheridan, which was a maiden, Allen ik bowling a maiden. Another maiden to Wills-anoths maiden to Allen. Maidens tho order of tho day, natl in succession. Gregory now opened tho ball lj hitting Allen to square leg for 2, a maidon, both boulia dead on the wiokcts. Another maiden to Wills, 1 Ii Sheridan off Allon ; Gregory played Allen nicely for 1, and Sheridan followed suit with a couplo ; Gregory hi Wills to leg for 2, which finished tho over. Sheridu playing in truo form, oat Allen for 2, ond Gregorr for I in full confidence, Wills another maiden. A maiden lt Allon also ; a beautiful hit to mid on by Sheridan finishes Will's over. A single to Gregory, who also made I splendid drive for 3, off Wills ¡ ond a couple off illa, which finished his over. Shoridan hit Wills for h . game beginning to look hoalthy. Auothor to Gregorio" Wills, which finished the over, and the gamo waa dr»« for tho day. Gregory and Shoridan batting tn their best form, boll waiting patiently, and hitting with precision ¡ and, hu not timo been callod, I havo no doubt tho score would havo lookod remarkably hoalthy. As it is, thors is «I certainty who will win tho day. I may also rcm»»i that the longstopping of Oatloy for N.S.W. and Fhülii« for Victoria were so efllciontly performed, that it » quits unnecessary to make any remarks theron. VICTORIA. t'lltMT IMNINOH. . Wanllll (captain), b and c Thompson .-" . Phillips, 2,1,1,1,1,1, 2, '2 1,1, at Thompson, b newitt.1 Gilison, 1,1, 1, onndb Gregory. Holly, l.lbw, b Thompson.-. ¿ Carter. 1,1,2,-1, 4. 4.1,1,1, b Coates. Egglcstoue,2, b Coates.,"?....«»... 1 Ick.l.t. M. 1. o CalTrn.b Hewitt. 5 I Lieutenant. 2.1.1.1,2.0Thompson,b Coates.»... 7 Allen,î.l.o^out-". g Byes, 3..?.. COUtlCS-. Kore«,* WUls, Total Bowler. Thompion. T H«"<. « Ortgory .'"'??*'''"".*."'..'.'.'.'.*.*.*.*.».. Ot 