THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? _* ? A nieetiDg of the Lands Inquiry Comtciffcpe waa Lelil yesterday morning, bat tits member* sat for only half an hour, and the business was merely of a formal natnre. Tba members pre sent were Messrs Kerfcrd (chairman), Grant, HKian, Uacmahon, Longmora and Gavan DciAV. The committee- agreed to meet again next Monday at tno .rarimment nouieaaiiiaii past one o'olook, and it is expected that the reports in tae oases which have been inquired into will bo then brongbt up. H.M. stenm corvette Caallengsr, under the ihg of Comnudoro Kowley Limbert, C.B., after an absence cf several montha from thia port, arrived ye«terday from Sydney, so as to be present oa the arrival of the Fiying Squadron, under the command of Admiral lJhipps Hprnby, and now daily expected. Tho last intelligence of thu \fhereaboaU of the squadron is that they wero on tho ovo ef leavirsg Buhia. Aa there ha3 been goino change amongat tho o(fi««3 of tbo Chall&Bgcr; ~3iace her last viai^ sva append the jismfb of tha officers nuv on board of hfr:— Rr.rlny Limhert, G.3., Cora ? modbre ; F. W. S. Ponsoubr, secretary; C. | J. Bro;vrigg, commander ; J. D- B, Hewitt, ? Ij. A. Bill, F. H. Knser, O. S. Lindeman, R. H. Araiit aud A. P.' WillUms, lieutenants ; Ker, G\ H. Macdowall, chaplain ; Daniel Fiuu I cane, M.D., enrgeon ; M. G Antoy, paymaster ; 11/. Broira.'T'.Uief engiuoer; It. A. I'uwier.uaval iuaivactor ; G. J. Airey, lieutenant marines ; H. N, al'Linrin, M.D., and Isaio V/angh, M.D., assistant pnrgeons ; J. H. Henderson, H. Craw ford Rn.l Gr. O'Connor, sub-lieutenanta ; and Manro Scott, navigating enb-lienteasnt. There nro not a few who believe that if tbora bo a will there is a way in which tha ioa»l directors of tho Earopoan Awuranco Company conld allay the ansiety of their policy-holder*. The directors declare, and no doubt truly, that t'aey have had no official intimation o! the sus pension said to havo taken placo at head quarters ; and thii being so, it is sabmitted tbnt the mere rnmor onght not to affect the ordinary transaction of butiues] by the com pany here. Sinoo tho arrival of the mail many pj'ioy-holders have requested the di rectom to take np their policies for the ordinary surrender money ; but the director* havo re plied that nothing oan be done pending in struotions from thoir legal advisers. This, it is obvious, tonda to inoreasa the pauio already ex isting; and the policy-holders naturally appre hend that the delay will anything but improve their prospects. If it be true, as it has hitherto been represented, tbat tno interests; ol colonial policy-holders have boon preserved independent of contingencies abroad, there onght to be no difficulty in rendering this manifest at once. In the cireo of a run ou a bank, the panic hns often been averted by a notification that all legitimate claims would bo promptly met ; nnd we venture to say that if the directors of tho European A«suranco Company now sig nified their readiness to pay tbe surrender monev to suoh polioy-holdera as desired to ciosa their transactions with tha company, they would coon do madii to rostoro canfi lence in their institution. Wo are informed that tha recovery of the cargo of tho Btranded ship Victoria Tower is progressing favorably. Thero ia ono lighter load en route up to Hobaon's Bay. There are also about 200 torn of cargo landed on the boacb, and another lighter is expected to be loaded by to-morrow. Tho nGoond ordiaary tnoeting of tha Poly nesian Company, called for yesterday at eleven o'clock, was adjourned in ordor to receive the report of thn manager, Mr Cook, who has been absent in I1' ij i tho past live months. We ara informed by Mr Fiuner, the secretary, tbat he will ba prepared to moot tho shareholders in abont a month from this date with fall particu lars. Mr Cook advises 5900 shares of second issue of tho company having been taken up in Fiji. A breach of promise case camo before the Juries of Four Court yestorday, Lnt failed to raises the nsuttl amount of intcres', aince the ueieuuiuu, xuub. xiuugu, u uiiuur, ui uuu frey's Creek, did not appear. Tho pHintiff wag Miss M'llenomy, a Ssotoh girl, and formerly a servant in an hotel at Godfrey's Creek. She told her story in a very straightforward and un affected manner, and as it was plain that Bhe had been very hardly treated, the jury returned a verdict iu her favor, with £200 damages.! Botween thirty and forty members of the congregation of the Church of England, at Williamstown, met on Thursday evening, and elected Cap tun Freyer as representative to the Church Assembly. The Rev. Geo. Wilkinson occupied Iho chair. The IW. Mr Martin, tha new pastor of the Collins-street Baptist Church, will officiate to morrow iu the forenoon and afternoon. In speaking of the probable advantages which may be oxpecied from the opening of the Suez eanol, the London Economitt says that it may divert some of tho German emigrants to tho Australian colonies, a stimuluj being givan to settlements in Northern Aastrn'.ia and Queens land. Mr M'Hugb, a locker in the Customs, at Sandridgo, but who residei on Emerald Hill, was last seen alive about 12 o'clock on Thursday night, by some residents on tho Hill. Yes terday morning early, the unfortunate gentle man was found drswned in the Sandiidgo lagoon. Says the Evening News — ' We loam that on an early day, probably next week, there will be a general meeting of members of the Bendigo Liberal Association held at the View Point Hotel, to take into consideration, with tho view of adopting it, tho new programme of tho Loyal Liberal Association, as agreed to last week in Melbourne.' It is notified in the Gazette that on Mon day, the 1st November, a Post Office Savings Bank will be opened at each sf the under mentioned places, v'z. : — Alexandra, Avensl, BairnBdalo, Ballan, Cisterton, Cjleraine, Gis borno, Heywood, Horsham, Jaminson, Lear month, Milmsbury, Mansfield, Mornington, Mortlake, Piggoreot, Sobastopol, Saymour, Taradalo, Woodend. Tho postmasters at the abovenamed pkoes have been appointed to perform duty in connection with the Post Office Savings Bank. The Post Office authorities announce that envelopes with the twopenny stamp embossed will be issued by the department on and after the 1st proximo. They will bo sold in packets of ono dozen, for two shillings aud threepence, or, if required, four envelopes for ninepenca. Tho envelopes, which aro extremely pretty, both in jdeaigu uud execution, reflecting great oredit upon Mr Atkinson, the printer of the departmant, are made of four siz?g, viz , No. 1, 42 in. x 2£ in. ; No. 2, 5J in. x 3 in. ; No. 3, 5J in. x 3£ in. ; No. 4, 8J ic. x 3J in. The Gazette notifies the appointment of Mr James Patrick Murray to ba aBsistant-surgeon in the Brighton BV.V. Artillery Corps; and Corporal Alfred T. Clarke, Williamstown R.V.V. Artillery Corps, to be lieutenant. Melbourne and suburbs are reported upon at having been healthy during tho week ending 23rd October. Births registered, 135 ; deaths, 80. We observe that tha Governor in Connoil has approved of the establishment of a market in tho portion of ths City of Melbourne de scribed in the following resolution, recently adepted at a publio meeting of citizens: — 'That it is oxp&dicat; that a mirkol be estab lished in the portion of the City ot Melbourne that lies within and to the touth- eastward of tho parallelogram formed by RoBsoU-street, Bourke-street, Elizabeth-street, audFlinders itreet, of the said city.' ReBpectin? the Yaokandandah murder, tha /Spectator says that ' nothing hag tran spired as to the ultimate ftito of the two men who now lia in the Beeohworth gaol under sentence of death. A woman, olaiming to be the real wifo of Smith, has been very constant, in hor visits to him sinoe his condemnation, and a Roman Catholic clergyman nttenda both of tho unfor tunato mon daily. Neville has more than once expressed a certain resignation, or, ns he puts it, ? If I did kill Jack, I am ready to mako atonement;' but Smith has strong hopes of mercy. He saema principally grieved at the thought that his property has been in some way made away witb, and that he was not de fended for hislife as he ought to have been. It is not impossible ia a caso of life and death that the Executive would also taka this view of the matter.' Wa are informed that Capt. Simpson, of Campbell's Creek, has invented a method for extinguishing fire in ships. To test tho invention, Capt. Simpson has made a model in tin of a vessel threo feet long; he filled the hold with stone?, ' cotton rag-i in ' bundles, tarred, and having put the model into a water tack, he set fire to the cargo. After allowing the fire timo to got woll into tho oirgo, he admitted the wator through two cylinders ns&r; tha keol, until it was of safiicient depth to drown out tha blazing cotton and Iho smoul dering rogs. Iu a minute and a half the fire was completely extinguished. These cylinders and thoir construction, whiim are the principal feature* in tho new invention, are made to acale, tho vesaal bciog supposed to be 1000 tons. If a vessel of such a burden wera loaded with cargo, the water would most with graator impediment than in the model, and would really, it is calculated by Captain Simp goD, take from 15 to 20 minutes to fill the deck. Thervolome of witer admitted can be regulated and etopped at pleasure. A little girl named Clark was playing with some other children in Sandhurst, on Thurs day evening, when suddenly she waa taken violently ill. She ran into a neighbor's honse immediately, but every moment ahe seemed to bo getting wor«e, and it wa3 thought advhable to take her to the hospital, as no person imagined what wci the came of her illnesa. On the younp sufferer being taken to the hospital, Dr MacGillivray on examination diecovared that it waa necessary to open tho wind-pipa and remove a certain substance whioh bad obstructed the fie a paeeage of the bieath into the lungs. This very diffi:u{ operation ivae accomplished fiuccezsfully by Drs. MacGUIivny and Dako, and the little gii! ia now in a f jir way of reoovery. Tho vagark'B of an enamored Chinaman are described by a Bendigo contemporary. ' At the Smiihnrst Police Court on Thnra I day, ei Mongolian, rejoicing in about a h'alf-dczfm patrimonial names, Wia charged with obnoxioutly intruding into tho pri VAta rosiloneo of it well-known inhabitant of the White Hillr. Tha evidence for the prosecution showed fiat tho Chinaman on tho previous day, without being invitod, had rudely entered the parlor of a private dwelling and used thraatoning language to tha inmates. He was asked what ho had to say in his defence, end said in broken English to tha prosecutor, ' What for you not give me your daughter and me make her wife?' Tha presumptuous barba rian was told to ba silent, but he refassd to obey the mandata, and ha was persieteat in his declaration to tbe bench that the complainant had promised lo make him his ton-ia-law about twelve months ago, but had refused to fulfil his promise, whioh waa the cause of all the uafor tanate Chinaman's trouble. He had came from the Pentridga Stockade about four months ngo, and had since then been visiting tho kousa of ' tho apple of his eye' nearly every day, but was dismay ail to find that he was unceremo niously set aside and hta oompany scouted. He importunately repeated his question aa to bow he had not been allowed to be united with his lovo in tha holy bonds of matrimony, but tha iutended father-in-law fiercely told the lover that when he had survei ten years in Her Ma jesty's gaol he might think of asking for his daughter.' The latest case of robbery at that choice resort, the Colosseum, the investigation of which was remanded from last woek, waa disposed of yesterday. A laborer named George King came from the country about tea days ago, bearing his ewag and with between £20 and £30 in his po=ket. He wandered into the marble halls of the gin palaces, and, ol conrao, the money soon begivn to melt. One industrieui individual named James Murray followed him about during a great part of tho afternoon, solely 'for l.is good of course, and tha pair finally settled down at tho Colosieum, after sipping the sweets at many other places. A pretty barmaid named Lizzy Haas was serv ing, and King mado himself very con fidential over tho counter. Ha even went so far as to display a fat little purjo with twenty one £1 notes iniide, which was ?o plethoric tbat it weuld not Bhut. It must have gaped invitingly to the hungry bystanders.' jlisB Haas counted tha notes over to him, and put the froggy parse into a Htt'.o canvsg bag. King dropped tho bag carelesjly into one of his coat pockets, and sat down on a bench with Murray. Tho solicitude of this pood friend seemed to cool down suddenly, for he slid away all at onco, and prosecutor found, two minutes afterwards, on putting his hand into hia pooket to get his pipe, that the money was gono. He first had a barman named Clara arrested, but afterwards abandoned the charge against him, and set tho police after Murray, a man readily found. Ha wai yestorda? committed for trial by the city magistrates on the charge |of steal ing tho money. It ia requested that all outstanding accounts against the Postmaiter-Goneral'a department for the service of the year 1369 may be for warded at the earliest possible date. A terrible accident took placo about noon on Sunday at tho lower end of Chinamtu's Fat, near RuBhworth, writes the Whroo correspon dent of the Btndigo Advertiser. ' Andrew Mason and Pater Cloweon, two young men re siding at Rush worth, wera returning home on horseback togothor, when a collision took place, by which Pater Clowjon was thrown to tho gi-ocnd, and killed, his nook being broken ; and Andrew Mason struck a sapling so violently that his ekall was fractured, also hia arm and collar bone. Assistance w-is immediately at hand, and everything dons that coald be for Mason, but be died on Tuesday morning. Neither of the horses were hurt.' From a return published in the Government Gazette last evening wo learn that during the month of September tho total number of soals who arrived in the qslony was 20C3, ot whom 1492 were adult maleB, nnd 376 adult femaleB, the remainder being children of both sexes. Of the total numbjr, 1651 ware from the neighboring colonies, 229 from the United Kingdom, aud 133 from foreign ports. The total number of peraocs who departed from the colony during the nutria period wu 1801, of which number 1308 ware for the neighboring colonies, 55 for the United Kingdom, and 438 for foreign ports. From the samo source we learn that the following were the total numbers of nominees sent for from the United King dom by persons resident in Victoria under the Immigration Regulations during the poriod from 1st J»nuary to 9th October, 1869 : — From England and Walea, IOCS; from Scotland, 358 ; and from Ireland, 1625. A certificate meeting was held yetterday in the Insolvent Court in the estate of Georgo Hughes, lato alderman of tbe city. Tho in solvent was examined specially, with the view of ascertaining whether he had received any money from the firm of Prevot and Co., in which ha had beon a pirtner, and also as to how he had disposed of £600 worth of furni ture, which insolvent owned when he was land lord of tho Rising Sin Hotel. The examina tion waa anything bat satisfactory- on either point, and the meeting was adjourned to Thursday next. Mr Harwood, lessee of tha Theatre Royal, was the defendant in two oases yesterday ut the District Court, both of which however wero promptly dismissed. In the first case Mr George Bromley waa tha complainant, alleging that £7 wa« due to him for a week's wages as a ' polyphoniflt,' having been verbally engaged for a fortnight, but dismissed at the end of one week's performance at tho Duke of Edinburgh Thoatre. For the defonco, however, Professor Taylor, the champion skater, was placed in the witness box, and he plainly said tbat when Mr Harwood spoko of opening the Duke of Edin burgh Theatre he offered his services, and as Mr Bromley had been travelling through the Western diitrictj with him, lie stipu lated - that ho also shonld be engaged. Their terms wero £20 per week, but Mr Harwood offered £15, and Taylor accepted that amount, subsequently agreeing with Brom ley to give him £7 per week. Taylor, however, arranged for no stipulated term, but if his entertainment did not take with the publio, he agreed to accept his dismissal at' a moment's notice. When the week'u wageg were paid, Taylor receivod the total amount, and after words paid Bromley his share. The bench considered there had beon no agreement with Bromley and dismissed the casa with 31s 6d ooBts. In the second case, Thou. H. Walkersned for £5 as a week's wages, whereas, aooording to his own evidenoe, ha had ' only had one night's show.' His statement was that having spoken to Mr Harwood respecting an engagement, that gentleman wanted a specimen ot hia abilities in his partionlar ' business,' whioh was that of a dancer. It was determined that ha should ' havo a show' on the night of Friday, lGth inBt., vfith a view to auengagement if hi» per formance ' took with the public,' and accord ingly, on that evening ha ' made a show' of himself, but not meeting with the approbation of the management, no ongagement followed. The beach considered that no engagement hnd been made and therofora dismissed the case. Mr Pavey, who appeared for Mr Harsvood, £aid it was that goutieman's wish that the costs in the first case should go to the poor box. During the reoent etormy weather a whirl wind of mare than usual violence visited a locality in the neighborhood of Yackandandah. Oa a ridge between Allan's and O3borne'a Flate, near to Mr Oaborno's station, the gronnd for the space of fivo or six acrca is literally strewn with timber. Tho whirlwind seems to havo baen confined to this particular spot, and som3 idoa of its violence mvv bo inferred from tho fact that almost every other troG has been tarn up by the roots and laid prostrate, und the tops of those not so torn up hara been com pletely dismantled. Somo twenty B:iUarat policy-holders in the European Asjurancs Company met on Thurs day evening at the Camp Hotel, to discuss measures for the protection of thoir interests. Mr R. M. Sarjeant was called to the chair. Mr M'Quie, the Ballarat agent, was present, and read a letter recoived that day from Mr Boll, the Melbourne secretary, stating that tho Melbourne board was obtaining counsel's opinion on gomo matters in issue. Mr Hoad daj having consented to act as hon. secretary, a committee, consistiBg of Messrs Serjeant H. Smith, T. Gray, Towl, Eyres, BrinJ and Bris tow, was appointed to watch the interests of policy- holders and advise in future procesd ings. The continued inability of Mrs SUela to re appear has necessitated a changa in the plans of tbo Theatre Boyal management for taia ; week, ui ,n order that no gronad may be Io-t through the absence of a valued performer Herr Bandmann is brought on', in some or hT« I characters sooner than wm intended. C night ho played Claude MeJnotle. in the 'La-v . of Lyono,' 'for the fir* tiae, a,i ,.„ rcce^ by a well attended honse. Hi, performance of the character .» marked by much oriftinalhy an1 TTodraw the contrast between the un.oS ; oated peasant of tha early patl of the plar, and - th* travelled soUier of tho latter .«£«, wUh ; h.gh ; ability In the emotional situation! of , tbo third act he was particularly effective, and , its conolnsion has seldom been greeted with : such enthasia.tic applause as it was la.t even ing. Mia. E»an« had everything agaCt , her in Paulino, and yet achieved ' high success in the character by her irre sistibla intensity and tenderness. Close studv ; was indicated by her treatment of almost every I lino ia the part. Mrs WooWridge'. Madama ; Deschapelloa waa capital, and Mr HarwootTa Uitnaa was g.iod on the whole, alcheugb fauilv inafflw renpeota. There was too much of the Fal3taff abont it, and tha actor adopted a hoarsely shouted and jerky delivery, which does well in Jjsk Gong, but ought not to bo buo stituted for unction. Mr Irnland played Beaujeant woll, and tho cmt of the play alto -Tether was mrst respectable. ThU evenine Herr Bandmann playa Riohelien, for the first time in Melbourne. The Spanish acrobatic, tronpa el tha Dake of Edinburgh Theatre brought their encasa. ment to a close last evening, when a verv good programme waa presented to tho entire satis faction of the audienoe. This evonin-* Mr Frank Draw will commence a short engage ment, making his first appearance as Rip°Van Winkle, the performance concluding with tho burlesque of ' Masaniello.' Mr Chapman's entertainment wa« repeated last evening at Weston'a Opera House, and the slight hitches which occurred on tho previous ovening were quite obviated, all the tricks working very smoathly. During the evening Mr Caapman announoed his intention of pro° ducing hia great feat of ' a man tied up in a bagful of ghosts ' during the ensuing week. The attendanca was not so large as on the night previous. The principal booksellers of Melbourne have announced their adhesion to the proposed half holiday on Saturdays. Tug meeting of the University Cricket Club lapsod yesterday for want of a qaorum, onlr the sooretary and one of the other membc a being proeent. Ir is announced that the eteamcrB Sophia, Hercu?83, Titin, Challenge and Resolute will leavo the Sandridge Railway Pier to meet tho Rjyal Squadron ia the Bay. A uosv Instructive and iirpresiive lecture on ' The solar system' was delivered In Union Church, North Melbourne, on Thursday even ing, by tho Rev. P. Mercer, to an appreciativa aurlionce. Mr D. Ogilvy pretideJ. Pcblicatmns Received. — The Mininj, Call and Dividend Record, a now journal. Tho fifth number cf the Iluildimj Times ii vary good. Tho illnstrntion, giving a view of tho Victorian Parade Congregational Church Sohools, is woll executod. i'nuroiidiugmatitr includes an artiole on Victotiin Church Ar chitecture, and one on tho working ot Go vernment railways. A oeakd coxcEnr under tha anspices of the ? brothers of the A.O.F. Court Perseverance, No. 2727, took pjaoe in the Foroters' Hall, Smith Btroot, Collingwood, ou Thursday evening. There wa3 a largo and appreciativa audience. The respective performers acquitted themselves 'I with commendable credit, Mieses Danham and j Heekscher's singing Rnd Mies S. Heckscher's performances on tho pianoforte being particu larly worthy ot notice. j Thg head quarters band will play this after- J noon from threo till five o'clock at the Fitzroy I Gardens. The following ia tho programme : — I Overture, 'Raler ot Spirits,' Weber; quad- I rille, ' L'lla de Tulipatau,' Oltenbaoh; selee- j tions from 'Beatrice di Tends,' Bellini; j overture, ' Antony nnd Cleopatra,' Siedo ; I waltz, ' La Perichole,' Coota; selections from j ' La Part du diable,' Auber; galop, ' Dorcb. j die Lufti,' Ziehrer. j The anniveraary of the I.O.R. Unity Tea^, I Pentridge, was celebrated last urentug. I Brothers Munro, D.R. and Robartson, D.T., [ were present, and complimented the members I upon tho progress and prospect) of the test; 9 after which a select programme of readings, 1 recitations and singing, was presented to a I largo and respeoiable audience. The singing & of Mis3 Earl and Miss Buzaglo, and per- 1 formance on tbo pianoforte of Miss AnketeU, I wan warmly applauded, as also the recitations I of Miss M'Lauchlin, Mrs Alford and others. -, | Ancient Obdeh of Fohkstebs. — The Court 4 1 Good Intent, St. Kilda, hold a dinner at Bro. 1 Raes' Pembroke Hotel, on Monday evening, iu a oommomoration of their twelfth anniversary. i Between fifty and sixty members and friends 1 ant down to a sumptuous repast. Oa the ro- 1 moval of tho cloth, the usual loyal toasts wero 1 honored. Then followed ' The High Conrt of 1 Fornstora in England,' and 'Tha United M Molbourno District,' which wero responded to 1 by District Sub Chief Ranger Line, and Dis- i trict Secretary Le Plastrier. The toast of I 'Kindred Societies' being given, was ro- 1 sponded to by N.G. DLxon, 31 U.I O.O.F., who 1 returned tha compliment to ' Court Good In- |f tant.' The secretary, in replying te the same, 9 gavo a gratifyiag sketch of the sncses3 S of tUo . court, referring to the amount of m good that had been ttono during the past year ? in tho relief of sick brothers. _ S Tee committee of the Immigrants' Aid g Sooioty held its weekly meeting at the Home m on Thursday. Tho superintendent repoited ffl that during tha week 13G had beon admitted , fl and 142 discharged, miking tho number at pre- a sent in the Homo 309. Of this number 173 M are males, 72 women and G4 childrer. B Thera are 78 at pr.sent under medical tr.at- H ment. Of the men 5 ara «toneb«akiui J S 83 oakum- picking nnd 9 working outiide : oi m the women, 28 ara hair-tensiag, 4 in the laui- S dry, 3 sewing and 9 worlciog outside. Daring m the weak outdoor relief has been given to m 21 families, comprising 92 souls. The com- m mittoe desire to acknowledge a donation from m Mr W. Bayles, M.P., of £1 ; a former inmate, m £1 ; also a donation of clothing from Mr W Maolier ; and somo numbers of the ' Bn- m tish Workmen' and other periodicals, from Ig Mr A. J. Smith. ? 