TO THE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. {Per favor of the Ghronide.) Gentlemen, — Allow . me to remind you that, thanks to tbe spirited energy and outlay of capital expeaded by tbe Victorian pro_ prietora of the Union Foundry, a valuable and much required industry has been intro duced into our midst. I say- * — -?*=*'»-'*^ for it strikes me very forcibly that had you not lost sight of tbe above vital improvement to your township, you would ere this, ' as a labor of love,' applauded by all ratepayers, have disbursed some of your funds upon im proving the approaches to thef Foundry through the moist portions 'of Ellena and Bowen streets. The distance required to be drained and cleared is about equal in each of the above streets, but Ellena-street not being so marshy as Bowen- street would be the least costly to make available for traffic in all weathers. Bowen-street, . near Montague House and the Gotnmercial School, is in a fearfully swampy state, impassable for a loaded dray. It must be unwholesome for the neighbors to have tbese in some cases deep marshes remaining till evaporated by the action of the sun. A little pick and shovel labor ought to for ever remove these pestilen tial fens from obstructing tbe thoroughfare and poisoning with miasma tbe residents in that vicinity. The nuisance appears more glaring when the navigable river is so near at hand fomdrainage, as well as the oppor tunity afforded by outlets to Walker's Creek via Richmond-street, and tbe old bed of the Mary in the swamp. If Bowen-street were cleared from the Foundry to where it ends In Alice-street there, ' only a few chains,' and a small cul vert thrown over the deep, but narrow, Bowen Grully, it would be a handy short cut for the Horseshoe Jungle and Tinana farmers to reach the centre of the town and wharf, as well as affording accommodation to tbe foundry employes residing in ;that direction, not to speak of the great inevitable increase in house building, that is imly retarded by want of good thoroughfares in this promi nently-Improving portion of Maryborough. I am, Gentlemen, The Jungle Ghost. 