The Storyteller. LIFE IN THE FAR WEST. CHAPTER XXIII. KIT AND THE CAPTIVES. BY LEON LEWIS. AUTHOR OF "THE WAGON TRAIN" "THE WITCH FINDER," "THE WATER WOLF." &c.;, &c.; A FEW swift glances sufficed to Kit to note the details of the camp he had so boldly invaded. It was a moving camp, of course, changing its location every few weeks. No sooner had the band of Red Knife exhausted the grass and other supplies in one neighborhood than they removed to another, as is the custom among the Indians. It was a very condition of their exist- ence for them to live on the wing, now here, now there, and to fly like birds of prey, to a new retreat the moment a sign of danger reached them in their old one. It was in this way that this dreaded band had so long pre- served the secret of its haunts, and bidden its enemies defiance. Kit had considered these facts, and this was why he had instantly followed the trail of the marauders, single-handed, without waiting to collect settlers or soldiers. He had compre- hended that he must pursue them immediately, or else lose sight of them altogether, and thus be thrown entirely into the realms of chance and conjecture. Their present camp was located, as already in- dicated, beside a little stream issuing from one of the upper springs of the Loup river, near the edge of the Great Sand Hills, at a distance of two or three days' journey from the Platte valley. It covered two acres of ground, contained about thirty lodges, and was crossed at right angles by two open spaces, or streets. Below the village there was a fringe of wood upon the water- course, as Kit had mentioned to Miriam. The surrounding region on every side, except to the northward, was tolerably fertile, producing, during the summer, prairie grasses enough to support the ponies of the savages except in sea- sons of drought. The locality formed, therefore, for the band of Red Knife, a retreat as comfort- able as it was safe and retired. "This time," mused Kit, thinking of his former visit, "no ambush awaits me. They think me gone entirely. They're quite at their ease. My way to the prisoners is open." He advanced quietly and indirectly towards the lodge in which Mr. and Mrs. Dane were con- fined, as he had discovered during his late visit. As he neared it, he saw that he was seen, but that no attention was paid to him, the few who saw him supposing him to be a savage, or at least a member of their band. He saw, too, that the guard, who still remained nominally posted in front of the lodge, was several rods away, in the act of beckoning to him a pretty young Indian girl, who had apparently just emerged from one of the mourning wigwams. Kit regarded the pair keenly, and it did not take him long to discover not only that they were lovers, but that the guard was bent upon having an interview with his inamorata. This state of affairs sufficed to inspire the scout with the last degree of boldness and reso- lution. Stealing forward unseen and in silence, under cover of the intervening lodges, he watched for a moment when the guard was entirely absorbed in his companion, and then he glided forward and noiselessly entered the pre- sence of the captives. The moment Kit was within the lodge, he com- prehended the indifference of the guard, who had permitted him to pass therein unnoticed. The captives were so thoroughly bound that their escape was a simple impossibility. A faint, dim light pervaded the place, coming from a distant corner. This light proceeded from an earthern cup, filled with liquid fat, on the surface of which floated a rag, whose upper extremity was burning with a low, smouldering, uncertain flame. The lodge, whose inner outlines were thus faintly revealed, was built after the fashion of the Comanches, a few of whom were numbered in Red Knife's motley band. Its shape was that of a reversed funnel. It was from twenty to twenty-five feet in diameter, and formed of buffalo skins, made as white as milk by the labor of the squaws. In its centre was the hearth, about a yard square, and at the top was a circular opening to give egress to the smoke. There was no fire in the lodge now, however, and the place was in a deep gloom, save for the few flickering gleams of light that came from the earthen cup we have mentioned. In a painful attitude, on the bare ground, among the deepest shadows of the lodge, crouched the two prisoners, the parents of Miriam, their hands and feet tied together with hard thongs of buffalo skin, in such a manner as to leave them but the slightest possibility of motion. With a cautious and noiseless tread, Kit traversed the lodge and bent over the unhappy couple. They looked up at him with glances of aver- sion, not suspecting the presence of a friend under that perfect Indian disguise. Kit looked from one to the other a moment in earnest silence, not trusting his voice to speak. A pang rent his great heart as he saw how pale and worn was Mrs. Dane's noble face, and how haggard was the countenance of her husband. He knew what hidden anxieties had wrought in both the change he witnessed. No merely per- sonal fear had so changed them. Even in their darkest personal afflictions, their thoughts had all been of their Miriam. Kit touched Mr. Dane gently, and held up his hand in a gesture of warning. The settler's glance of aversion changed to one of wonder and surprise. He could not penetrate the disguise which had deceived even the Indian guard outside the camp. He be- lieved him to be indeed one of Red Knife's band, but Carson's manner and gesture, indica- tive of secrecy, inspired him with a sudden hope. His glance deepened into a look of eagerness. "Hush!" whispered the scout, with a glance towards the entrance of the lodge. "Do not betray your surprise by a loud word. Caution!" Mr. Dane started violently, and strove in vain to raise himself upon his elbow. "Who are you?" he asked in sudden agita- tion. "A friend, George Dane. I am your old friend, Kit Carson." Mr. Dane uttered a low cry of joy. Mrs. Dane breathed a glad thanksgiving. "Oh, George!" she whispered. "We are saved! The very presence of Kit Carson is safety! Thank God! Thank God!" She moved feebly in her bonds, as if she would have clasped the hand that had come to save her. "Kit Carson!" ejaculated Dane, in a bewil- dered manner, as if he could not comprehend the scout's presence, so sudden, so joy-giving. "We supposed you to be in Colorado!" "I have been to Missouri on business. Re- turning homewards, I learned of the Indian troubles in your neighborhood. In fact, I fell in with Miriam after you left her, Dane, to return to your threatened home. We have been to- gether since until this very night!" "She is safe, then!" said Mrs. Dane, with a gush of thanksgiving. "We have feared so much, colonel, for the dear child, since she was left alone upon the plains! We could have borne everything joyfully if we had known her to be safe!" "She awaited my return just beyond the village," said Kit, "when I approached your prison before—" "Oh, you are the mysterious friend, then, who came here two or three hours ago?" inter- rupted Dane, breathlessly. "You have been here before? You came to our rescue? We listened to the wild tumult that followed, and comprehended that the intruder was a friend. We feared that you were killed!" "And Miriam?" questioned the mother, anxiously. "Where is she now?" "She started alone for Hatwell's, about two hours since, after I escaped from the trap set for me here," answered the scout. "We were attacked by Red Knife and about ten of his men, and my horse was shot. I sent Miriam away, as she was upon her own horse, which I had previously recovered from the savages, and I knew that she could readily distance all her pursuers!" "Did Red Knife pursue her?" asked Dane. "Yes, with several of his men; but pursuit was useless. Her horse was fresh and strong. Red Knife encountered her immediately after you left her, Dane, on the day your house was burned. It was to have a hold upon Miriam that he took you two captive. It is his usual custom, they say, to take no prisoners, but to slay in cold blood on the spot. Red Knife has conceived a passion for Miriam, but that need not alarm you. We shall find her safe and sound at Hatwell's!" These few observations, chiefly concerning Miriam, had been made in a minute, and before the prisoners had a thought for their own situa- tion. "But come," added Kit. "We must get out of this immediately. I'll just take a look, to see that the way is open to our departure!" He stepped to the entrance of the lodge, and looked out into the street of the village. The Indian guard was still completely ab- sorbed in his interview with the Indian girl, and as completely oblivious of his prisoners. There were sounds of a commotion, however, at the opposite end of the camp, and the scout's face clouded as he heard them. Had his pre- sence in the village become known? He waited a moment, with a keen anxiety, looking and listening, while the disquieting sounds of commotion deepened. He saw torches flashing, and numbers of the savages moving about briskly. After an anxious contemplation of the scene, for a minute or two, he stepped back to the captives, with a look of poignant regret and anxiety upon his features. "I fear Red Knife has come back," he whispered. "If so, your immediate rescue is not possible. We must secure a start of at least a few hours, or flight is useless. We must also secure horses and provisions. 'Twere mad- ness to set you free, if we are all going to be detected the minute thereafter. Hark! I hear footsteps approaching!" They all listened. Footsteps were indeed heard. They came rapidly nearer. A single instant of listening to the approach- ing footsteps told the practised ears of the scout that they were coming to the lodge of the prisoners. He looked about for a place of refuge, escape by way of the door being impossible. No other way of egress was to be seen. A heaped-up pile of dried buffalo skins in a dis- tant corner caught his keen, inquiring glance. With a gesture enjoining caution upon the captives, he glided to the dark heap, disappeared behind it, and covered himself securely from observation, being careful, however, to leave an ample crevice for the exercise of his own organs of sight and hearing. The captives had scarcely time to school their features when the dark portal was illuminated, and three persons entered the lodge, the third individual bearing a flaming torch. The leader of the three was Red Knife. He had just returned from his pursuit of Miriam, having given over the task to his faith- ful allies and subordinates. Since his return, he had sent out a score of his ablest men with orders to scour every inch of prairie between the Indian village and Hatwell's, to which place he felt sure Miriam had gone. He was not in a good humor. The loss of Miriam at the very moment he had counted upon recapturing her, had incensed and annoyed him far more than the loss of the braves whom the Indian women were bewailing at the doors of their wigwams. To Mrs. Dane, who had never before beheld him to so plain advantage, he appeared the very incarnation of wickedness and terror. His painted features wore a hideous and mirthless smile. His small black eyes gleamed like the eyes of a serpent about to dash upon its victim. Brave as she was, Mrs. Dane's heart thrilled with fear, and she shrunk closer to the side of her husband. Red Knife did not fail to note the impression he made, and a malignant look crossed his face. His companion—the torch-bearer being but a servant for the occasion—was a tall, powerful looking Pawnee brave, who was chief of the motley band in the absence of Red Knife. His attire, his saturnine face, the shape of his head—narrow at the top, widening at the base—all proclaimed him a genuine specimen of the red man. He halted two or three paces in the rear of his superior chief, as grave and seemingly mo- tionless as a statue. "Well, Mr. and Mrs. Dane," said Red Knife, with the accent and manner which led so many to believe him a white man in the garb of an Indian, "I have come to bring you the latest news. I suppose you know that somebody has been here to-night with the intention of setting you free? That somebody is Kit Carson. He has followed our trail, with your daughter, ever since we left Carrey's Fork. By a rare good fortune, I detected his presence, and left orders with my men to seize him. They failed, how- ever. I will now tell you what has happened since." "What has happened?" asked Mr. Dane, with a troubled look. "After Carson's arrival, he was surprised be- side your lodge, but killed three of my men, and made his escape, himself uninjured. He joined Miriam at a little distance from the village, and went off with her to their camp, in which direction I and some of my warriors had previously gone. We saw and attacked them. The girl went off at full speed on her horse, while Carson stood his ground. Leaving some men to finish him, I set off in pursuit of the girl." "Did you overtake her?" inquired Mrs. Dane, with breathless anxiety. "No. The night is dark as Egypt, and her horse was fleet. But my braves are in pursuit. They have gone down towards Hatwell's to look for her. I have sent out my best men to assist in the pursuit, since I came back. They will bring the girl, if they have to burn out Hatwell to get her." The Pawnee chief grunted an affirmation of this declaration. The hearts of the captives sunk. Even Kit, peering cautiously from his covert, looked troubled. "You see," continued Red Knife, delibe- rately, "that I have matters all my own way. I can force your daughter to become my wife. I love her, and I am determined to make her mine. Loving her, however, I want her to come to me willingly. She's a spirited little piece, and would as soon kill me as not, unless she made up her mind to marry me, as the best between two alternatives. Now I want you to advise her to become my wife. She will be back here to-morrow. She will not be able to resist her mother's pleadings, her father's com- mands—" Mrs. Dane interrupted Red Knife by a pas- sionate gesture of her fettered hands. "Kill me, if you will!" she cried. "Torture me at the stake—murder me in cold blood—but do not expect me to plead to my daughter to marry a wretch like you! Never!" "I would rather see my child dead than see her your wife," said Mr. Dane, firmly. Red Knife sneered. "Perhaps I can help you to change your minds!" he remarked. "I expected you would go against the thing at first; but you'll come to it. By this time, Carson is killed. By to- morrow-night, Miriam will be a captive in this village. You can bear tortures for yourselves. Can you bear to see her tortured?" The agonised parents could not reply. "Will she stand out when she sees you both undergoing tortures?" continued Red Knife. "Burning at the stake, for example?" Mrs. Dane moaned in her anguish. "My daughter is a brave girl," said Mr. Dane, his voice trembling in spite of his efforts to be calm. "She has other things to stay her courage, if she were likely to yield through her love and pity for us. She trusts in God, and she loves a noble young man, who would give his life for her." "She loves!" cried Red Knife, with a start. "Yes," said Mrs. Dane; "she loves and is loved in return. Miriam would die rather than give up Hubert Erle, for a wretch whose com- monest acts are deadly crimes—a wretch with the speech of a white man, the face of a savage, the heart of a demon!" "Hubert Earle!" murmured Red Knife,under his breath, as if conning a lesson. "I shall re- member the name. I may meet its owner some day. I am always lucky." He was silent a few moments, his eyes gleam- ing unpleasantly from out their painted sockets. "Well," he said, at length, "so you are de- termined to die rather than advise Miriam to marry me? Have you considered that I can force the girl to my will? Have you thought that I have power to kill you both, and so leave Miriam utterly alone?" "You can make no suggestions that we have not considered," declared Mr. Dane. "You have our answer. We will never urge Miriam to become your wife, do what you will. Now leave us to ourselves." "There is one little preliminary to settle yet,'' said Red Knife, "and then I will leave you as you desire. There is a possibility that Carson yet lives. He is as wily as a fox, and may, after all, outwit our braves. I will therefore carry out a little plan which will prevent his releasing you, should he by any chance elude the senti- nels who are now posted about the village." He called the guard, who had returned in good time to his station at the door, giving him a few words of command in Pawnee. Kit pricked up his ears, looking out with an expression of astonishment from his conceal- ment. Mr. and Mrs. Dane, comprehending only that some new danger threatened them, looked at each other in dismay. The guard disappeared, but was absent only a few minutes, returning with three other sav- ages, who, lifting the buffalo-skin sides of the lodge, came staggering into their chief's presence under the weight of an ordinary field-piece, which had been taken from a party of soldiers by Red Knife's band in a fight near the Platte several months previous. The four braves had just detached the gun from its carriage, which stood near the centre of the camp. Red Knife gave a second order, as the braves laid down the field-piece before him, and the guard departed with his assistants, soon return- ing alone, with an armful of combustible ma- terials, which he deposited in the sunken fire place in the centre of the lodge, igniting them with the burning torch in the hands of the man who had entered with Red Knife and the Paw- nee chief. Another command from Red Knife, and the guard again hastened away, bringing with him on his return a small portable anvil, a long and stout chain, attached to which were a pair of ankle-fetters, a hammer, some loose pieces of iron, which were evidently broken links of chains, and a pair of blacksmith's tongs—all from the rude smithy of the band, as kept up for the various repairs of the camp. These were deposited near the burning fire. Then Red Knife, retaining the presence of the guard, turned to his captives with a face glow- ing evily through its hideous mask of paint. "Cut the cords that bind the woman to her husband!" he commanded. The guard obeyed, taking care not to weaken the bonds of Mr. Dane. "Help the woman to her feet!" said Red Knife. The Indian guard roughly assisted Mrs. Dane to rise. He was obliged to partially sustain her after she had gained her feet, for her limbs trembled, and almost refused to bear her weight. She had been so long in one position that the cords and muscles were stiffened and contracted, and the abrupt change occasioned her a most exquisite pain. "I am going to secure you to this field-piece, Mrs. Dane," said Red Knife, deigning to explain his singular movements. "I shall then have a perfect security that you will remain here. Kit Carson, dare-devil as he is, could not free you from this cannon, should he be living and de- sirous of doing so." He took up the shackles and approached her, the Indian still assisting her to maintain an up- right position. Red Knife stooped and clasped the irons around her ankles, and shut them to gether, the snap closing sharply. "There!" he said, with a demoniac smile. "You are safe beyond all possibility of flight or rescue. I wish I had Miriam secured as hand- somely." The fire was now burning brightly. Red Knife passed the chain twice around the can- non, crossing it upon the trunnions, scarf fashion, so that it could not slip towards either end. He next passed the end link into the body of the chain, and explained to the guard how to key it there firmly with one of the broken links, by welding the ends of this link together. He then set him to work, the guard's knowledge being sufficient for the task. In a few minutes the broken link was heated, and the guard set himself to shaping it, the ring of the hammer resounding throughout the wig- wam, and penetrating far out into the gloomy night. The red light of the fire leaped up, play- ing fantastically upon the terrible, gleaming face of Red Knife, on the solemn countenance of the Pawnee chief, on the pale and frightened face of Mrs. Dane, as she knelt with clasped hands in the full glare, and on the countenance of her husband, who, stern and agonised, half crouch- ing, half kneeling, struggled in silence with his terrible emotions. It was a strange and weird picture. To give it added effect, a few fitful gleams played on the partially concealed face of Kit in the distant corner, as he watched the scene with a countenance full of fire and wrathfulness. It was with difficulty he could maintain his quiet, his soul swelling with indignation. Red Knife himself added the final blows, and tested the strength of the chain, pulling heavily at the field-piece. Then, with a face lighted up with an infernal joy, which looked fairly demoniac in the red glare of the hot and leaping flames, he gloated over his captive, saying: "You may have your freedom now, Mrs. Dane, and go as far as you like, with this little appendage attached, of course. I hope I shall find you in a different frame of mind in regard to Miriam in the course of a week or two. If not, I can afford to wait, or adopt other measures ! I am going away now," he added. "I shall be gone several days, as I have busi- ness off to the northward. This chief," and he indicated the Pawnee, "will carry out my plans during my absence, as he is in the habit of doing. I am to set out immediately, so I will now say farewell. I trust I shall find you here on my return!" He waved his hand to the guard and the torch-bearer, who withdrew with the anvil and tools. He than kicked out the fire, and, pre- ceded by the Pawnee chief, made a mocking bow to his stupefied captires and withdrew. In the open space just without the lodge a mag- nificent horse was standing, prancing and paw- ing the air, in charge of a savage who had just brought him there, in obedience to orders pre- viously given. Addressing a few words to the Pawnee chief, Red Knife leaped into the saddle and flew away like an arrow; not to the north- ward, as he had stated, but in a southerly and westerly direction. CHAPTER XXIV. HUBERT IN NEBRASKA. The captors of Hubert were five in number. He recognised them at once as Road Agents. Their leader was the robber lieutenant—his face full of savage mockery, his eyes gleaming with his evil exultation. "You see that other people can play tricks as well as you, Mr. Earle," he said, maliciously. "We've been lying in wait for you at this point since yesterday noon. We expected Whipley would be with you, but it seems he has been wise enough to stay at the fort until he can get an escort. We shall manage, however, to get ample satisfaction out of you!" Whatever Hubert may have felt or thought at that moment, he preserved a calm and un- daunted front. "You have chosen the spot well for the con- summation of your revenge!" he observed, in an unfaltering voice, as he glanced at the tree- tops among which the breezes played. "I sup pose you intend to hang me here?" "You are cool about it, I must say," said the lieutenant. "But we don't intend to hang you. According to our way of thinking, hanging is too good for you. Such work as you have done at the Warm Spring demands a punishment more terrible than hanging! Our captain is a perfect demon. We shall leave him to deal with you, knowing that he will take a terrible ven- geance !" A low murmur of approbation came from the subordinate Road Agents, and they glared sav- agely upon their prisoner. Our hero's face did not change, but he began to breathe more freely. "We are going to take you to our retreat at the Quarries," continued the lieutenant, watch- ing Hubert with wolfish eyes. "We would have sent word to the captain of our reverses, but we don't know where to find him. He will soon arrive at the Quarries, however, and we shall keep you to bear the brunt of his anger, when he comes. He's a perfect demon, as I said, when he's roused, and he'll be glad to have an object to wreak his fury upon! Bind him, boys," added the Road Agent, addressing his men. "Do your work securely!" Producing a coil of rope, the robbers pro- ceeded to bind Hubert in a perfect net-work of cords, having until now pinioned him with their arms. Our hero made no resistance. He knew that it would be worse than useless. "Now put him into his saddle, boys, and tie his feet under his horse!" commanded the Road Agent. This was done. The lieutenant then took the bridle of the horse, and the little party, Hubert alone mounted, moved away from the ford, turning off the regular road and proceeding up the stream over the unbroken prairie. "You have not begged for mercy, Mr. Earle," observed the lieutenant, as he led the way through the tall grasses. "Probably you realise how useless your pleadings would be!" "If I fell into the midst of a pack of wolves, I should not beg for mercy," replied Hubert, with a scornful intonation. "You Road Agents are worse than wolves!" The lieutenant scowled darkly, and his men muttered imprecations under their breaths. The coolness and calmness of their prisoner had robbed their victory of half its satisfaction. "But if I am going to be killed by you," observed Hubert, "it affords me considerable pleasure to reflect that I have been the means of half-destroying and dispersing your infamous band! No vengeance that you can take can rob me of the deep joy I feel when I reflect upon the Road Agents in captivity at Fort Laramie! If I die soon, I have done at least one service to emigrants and travellers over the plains, and I do not lose my life in vain!" "You'll sing a different tune when the cap- tain pronounces your doom!" said the lieu- tenant, his face growing still darker. "I wish I could be judge and jury in your case. You wouldn't have to wait long to feel our venge- ance. But I can't do anything with you till the captain comes. He'll be along in a day or two at the farthest, and then—" He concluded by a smile of deadly signifi- cance. By this time, the party had gained the dis- tance of half a mile or more from the ford where they had captured Hubert. They came to a halt there, and two of the men hurried down a gentle slope, disappearing under the bank which overhung the creek. In a few moments they returned, leading horses which were saddled and bridled, ready for use. The lieutenant mounted, still retain- ing Hubert's bridle in his grasp, his men also leaped to their saddles, and the party resumed their journey, turning directly about, crossing the Platte River and riding away to the north- ward. In less than an hour, they struck into Cap- tain Fairweather's secret track, and quickened the speed of their horses, going now towards the east. Hubert marked the traces of recent travel in the trampled grasses and occasional bottles and remnants of food which were seen on the way, and he rightly came to the conclusion that most, or all, of the surviving Road Agents had come over this route to their rendezvous at the Quarries. The robber lieutenant bestowed an occasional malicious look upon his prisoner, but he made no attempt to draw him into conversation. The party must have proceeded a distance of at least fifteen or twenty miles on Captain Fair- weather's secret road, over sterile plains and bunch-grass districts, when they arrived at the western edge of the Bad Lands—a vast and strange depression in the plains, one hundred miles in length by thirty in breadth. Hubert knew at the first glance that he had arrived at the north-western border of Nebraska, as then bounded. The strange depression we have described is full of vast rocks in every stage of disintegra- tion. The Bad Lands—as the early French ex- plorers rightly named them—seem a region where a race of giants may once have dwelt. The winds and the rains have shaped the argil- laceous rocks into admirable imitation, seen from a little distance, of fantastic palaces and rugged frowning castles, of Titanic domes and fairy pinnacles, crested minarets, tapering spires, with grand towers and lofty turrets, some of them a hundred feet high. Every year the as- pect of this singular region is changed by at- mospheric influences, so that the palace of one year becomes the pyramid of the next, and minarets and turrets crumble away, while others are shaped from the irregular masses of rocks to take their places. In this strange region, only a stunted grass shows itself. A sinister gloom hangs over its singular monuments, and a terrible silence reigns omong its cavenous recesses. A solitude more drear and oppressive than that of the prairies pervades this inhospitable tract, which even the Indian is loath to enter upon. Hubert noticed that the path he was pursuing led down a gentle slope into this depression, and then lost itself amid the seeming ruins. While he looked in wondering surprise, com- prehending that the Quarries to which so fre- quent allusion had been made were near at hand, one of the robbers went on slowly in ad- vance, the others fell back, and the lieutenant pressed closer to the side of the prisoner. In this order they made their descent into the Bad Lands. As they slowly penetrated among the shadows cast by the tall rocks, Hubert remarked that the place had a sepulchral coolness, in strange con- trast with the heat of the unshadowed prairie. He felt chilled to the bone. The little party leisurely made their way, by a circuitous route, for a full mile into the Bad Lands, and suddenly came to a halt before a niche-like recess in the face of a tall bluff, the lieutenant at the same time uttering a long, shrill whistle. A moment later, the signal was answered by the appearance of a man from the recess. His air and looks proclaimed him a member of the robber fraternity. He welcomed the lieutenant and the others, while he bestowed a keen and scrutinising glace upon our hero. "You've got him, then, lieutenant?" said the man, continuing his curious stare at Hubert. "We were afraid you'd miss him!" "I knew I should bring him back with me," returned the lieutenant, slipping from the saddle, as his subordinates had already done. "Is there any news?" The robber replied in the negative. "The captain hasn't arrived, I suppose?" "No." "Help the prisoner off, and carry him into the cave, boys," commanded the lieutenant. "Let the horses be stabled at once!" He led the way into the little rocky recess, which proved to be the vestibule of a cavern. Two of the men followed, bearing the prisoner between them. The cavern—into which the party immediately entered—was long and low, somewhat resembl- ing the den of a wild beast. The bluff in which it was situated was formed of an admixture of clayey rock with some harder stone, yet the low furrowed roof had a strangely insecure appear- ance. In the centre of this subterranean apartment was a long wooden table, rough and rude in manufacture. It was littered with bottles, and the remains of a late repast. A few candles, in clay sconcers, were scattered over its surface. Around this table were grouped a score of savage-looking men, the surviving Road Agents. They presented a sorry-looking spectacle. Many of them had their heads bound up with cloths, others had their arms in slings. Still others displayed visages ornamented with the scars of recent injuries. At the entrance of the lieutenant, his men, and their prisoner, the outlaws arose, with one impulse, fiercely eager to behold our hero in his bonds. They greeted him with a hoarse yell of ma- licious triumph, and a horrible uproar followed. Grebber and his late fellow-keeper of the Warm Spring relay house bounded towards Hu- bert like enraged tigers, eager to slake their thirst in blood. "Back, there!" commanded the lieutenant. "You shall all have your revenge, my men. But no one must lay a finger on him now to harm him. He must be kept safe till the cap- tain comes. If the captain has him to vent his anger upon, he will be less enraged with us." Recognising the value of this consideration, the vengeful Road Agents slunk back from the prisoner, uttering low, beast-like growls. "Take him to the dungeon, boys, and untie his bonds," said the lieutenant, flinging himself on a bench. "Let a guard be kept at the door constantly, day and night. He's a desperate fellow, and must not be permitted the ghost of a chance at escape. But first remove his weapons." The order was executed. Nothing was said of the money-belt on Hubert's person. Perhaps the lieutenant was too absorbed in thoughts of revenge to think of money. "Now take him away!" commanded the chief Road Agent. "And look sharp that he don't kill himself in his dungeon." The two robbers who had brought the priso- ner into the cavern now carried him along its entire length, stopping at a massive wooden door, bound with iron clamps, which Hubert had remarked at the opposite end of the cave. One of them unlocked the door, the key being in the lock. Grebber brought a light from the table. The dungeon thus disclosed to Hubert's gaze was merely a dark hole which had been dug out of the rock. It was not high enough to permit a tall man to stand upright, and scarcely long enough to permit him to lie at full length. It was lighted and ventilated only through two circular apertures which had been made in the upper part of the door, as much for the con- venience of the guard in watching the prisoner as for the comfort of the captive. Into this miserable wild beast's lair, Hubert was thrust. The door was closed upon him, the ponderous bolt turned, and he was left to his dreary solitude. "I am in a tight box," thought he, leaning against the wall. "Escape from here is impos- sible. I can only wait, with what patience I may, for the coming of Captain Fairweather." It was now nearly night. Hubert, looking out through the apertures in the door, could see the Road Agents plying their bottles at the table, and hear them question the lieutenant in regard to his capture and probable doom. A supper was prepared for the lieutenant and his late fellow travellers, and, obeying a command from his superior, one of the robbers brought a bottle of water and some army crackers to the prisoner, pushing them through the apertures in the door. We need not dwell on all the incidents of the three days that followed our hero's capture. It is enough to say, that at all hours of the day and night the outlaws looked in upon Hu- bert, jeering at him, taunting him, and threaten- ing him. Grebber and his late fellow-keeper were his chief tormentors. He was never sure of a moment's solitude. If he dropped asleep, he was rudely awakened. His food consisted only of army crackers, his drink only of brackish water. His life was made a burden to him. What wonder that, under these circumstances, Hubert's spirit often blenched, and that he was tempted to pray for a speedy death? Yet, withal, he managed to keep up his calm and dauntless bearing—determined that his perse- cutors should not be permitted to gloat upon a sight of his misery. The only brightness that visited his soul dur- ing those dark hours was brought by thoughts of Miriam. He dwelt with lover ardor upon her beauty, her loveliness, her tender affection for him, and his greatest grief was that she would never know his fate! As we have indicated, three days thus passed. Hubert was wont to listen, with strained hear- ing, at the apertures in his doors, for the "be ginning of the end" —the news of Captain Fair- weather's approach. It came at last, smiting his senses like the knell of doom! It was on the morning of the fourth day. Hubert stood leaning against his door, looking into the outer cavern. He was pale and worn, but his countenance had not lost its look of manly resoluteness, and his bearing was quiet and self- possessed. He was a truly brave man, and he had made his peace with his God. Why, then, need he tremble before the angry violence of man? Suddenly a low murmur arose among the robber crew of the Quarries, swelling to a loud and confused tumult, as one of the robbers rushed into the cavern and spoke hurriedly to the commanding officer. The noise without the cavern speedily deep- ened to a wild shout, the burden of which, as Hubert plainly distinguished, was the words: "The captain's coming!" "Yes," cried the robber lieutenant, springing to his feet, and speaking in tones terribly signi- ficant to the doomed prisoner, "Captain Fair- weather is just riding up to the Quarries! The captain's here!" [TO BE CONTINUED.] 