MR. S. W. GRAY AT JAMBEROO. MR. GRAY addressed a large body of electors assembled at Curry's Hotel, Jamberoo, on Tuesday night last,-Mr. J. Cullen occupy- ing the chair. The chairman, in introducing Mr. Gray, said it afforded him great pleasure to fulfil the duties of chairman of the meeting, and ex- pressed a hope in the first place that the meet- ing would be well and quietly conducted, as was usually the case on like occasions in the district, and that each speaker-both for and against Mr. Gray--would receive a patient hearing. He congratulated the electors on having the privilege of choosing from two tried men. He would not criticise the political conduct of either men; but leave it to the electors themselves to choose the better man of the two, the one who would best repre- sent the interests of the district. They all knew, as well as he did himself, the very heavy expense at which the civil affairs of the country were managed, so that there was a great necessity for retrenchment. He would now introduce to the meeting his friend, Mr. S. W. Gray; and hoped he would obtain a patient hearing,-again advising the electors to make their choice of the better man, and not to allow themselves to be influenced by any favouritism. He had no doubt Mr. Gray was well prepared to give a rehearsal of his conduct in Parliament as their representa- tive some time back, and to state his political views. Mr. Gray said, in rising to address the meeting , it was so long since he had spoken at a political meeting, that he had almost for- gotten how to commence. However, it afforded him great pleasure to be able to ad- dress a few words to his old friends-mixed with a sadness, no doubt, at having to meet with some enemies; but he longed to prove to them that he was quite entitled to the position in which he appeared this evening, and that he was justified in endeavouring to displace the present representative of the district. It was their bounden duty to sift well the cha- racter of any person who might come before them seeking their suffrages, before they deci- ded upon recording their votes; and he hoped they would consider well when they went to the ballot-box, that whoever they might send in to Parliament, they would not get rid of him for three or four years. In the first place, he wished to say a few words in reference to a local journal. We were blessed with two local papers, and he considered it a blessing. He was favourable to allowing the press full liberty to ventilate public character; and maintained it had a perfect right to do so in studying the interests of the public; but he would say the press overstepped its duty when it published such a mendacious libel as that which had been put forth by the local journal of which he was speaking. He would read an extract from the second leading arti- cle of the Kiama Independent [Mr. Waldron: Those ae the lambs] of the 25th instant:- It is also understood that the leaders and prompters of that well-defined section, which is opposed to Mr. Parkes in this district, have resolved to encourage on the resent occasion the savage tactics of "howling down" the candidate opposed to them,- and the differ- ence between Mr. Parkes and Mr. S. W. Gray in the matter of oratory might also justify them in such a proceeding, knowing, as they do, that Mr. Parkes's friends will be in no case likely to retaliate in kind. Now, I ask if this is not a mendacious libel upon the district. He never witnessed any "howling down" at our political meetings; and hoped that no attempt would be made at the present meeting to "howl down" those who might be opposed to him. He agreed that a great difference existed between Mr. Parkes and himself; he gave him (Mr. Parkes) credit for the possession of wonderful oratori- cal powers, and also for his astute statesman-lllto thlllOtitllllto ship: and he did not presume to oppose him on such grounds, but was determined to oppose him on pure political grounds. He would read a second extract from the local journal before alluded to. Nor do we think that, even in his absence, the pros- pect of Mr. Parke.s return can be materially affected by the efforts even of much abler and more astute enemies than Mr. S. W. Gray and his aiders and abet- tors-open advocates of sacerdotalism and priestcraft, or traitors to the cause of Protestantism and progress. Now, he thought there was still sufficient liberalism in the district as to disregard such a statement; and he believed it was only an old woman's story-concocted by a ghost. Some of the electors had known him since he was a child. He never in his life curried favour with any religious body, and again he never interfered with them; yet he liked to see clergymen keep in their own places, and not attempt to influence free men in their rights. He had a respect for them all. He never attended pic-nics and social gather- ings in order to curry favour. He wished now to point out a few matters in connection with the conduct of himself and his opponent. He was sorry to have to put anything forward against his opponent, but there was a necessity for so doing. When he formerly resigned his seat as their member, they sent in Mr. Parkes, and he would admit that they did perfectly right. But what did Mr. Parkes do when he got into Parliament; he created discord among religious bodies. He opposed the interests of both sides; and they all had a right to be suspicious of him lest he should again throw dust in their eyes. He thought all this discord would have ended ere this, but it seemed it had not, and he thought it contemptible. He warned them against this sublime orator, lest he should again throw dust in their eyes; and thought the liberals would scout the man who attemp- ted to blind them in this manner. He thought it was his duty to speak out boldly in what he hadto sayagainst Mr. Parkes; and if he could not find political reasons for bringing charges against him, he would not do otherwise; and if he failed in this he advised the electors to send Mr. Parkes in to Parliament again. When he (Mr. Parkes) was first elected to Parliament he had been home on an immigra- tion mission, having brought a motion before the House asking the Government to send home two lecturers. The squatting interest was very Iarge at this time, and, of course, it was to their benefit to promote immigration, as it would have the effect of reducing the value of labour. It was a good opportunity for them, and they swallowed the pill readily and Mr. Parkes accepted the offer, as the best qualified to carry out the object, and was sup- ported by this colony during two years' travel- ling as a gentleman through the home country on his mission. And what has been his conduct in regard to immigration lately? As in every- thing else, he has changed. As with his conduct at that time in changing his mind with regard to the Martin Ministry. When he was elected he went in avowedly in opposi- tion to Mr. Martin, and what was the result when he got there? There was surely good reason to be suspicious of such a man; and moreover there is a great difference between that state of things and the present,- he ack- nowledges Mr. Martin now as his leader, not as his colleague only. Mr. Parkes was in op- position to Toryism; but if they looked back, they would find there was not a more able Tory than Mr. Martin-the man with whom Mr. Parkes now Iocked, as is were. He (Mr. Gray) was suspicious of all Governments; and if he was going into the House at all, he would go in without promising hls support to any particular Government; he had no idea of it, and would go in as an independent man. Now let them see what Mr. Parkes had done. He was appointed to go to Port Phillip to arrange the customs with our neighbours. How did he settle them? He relieved our Melbourne neighbours, and left us to pay pretty heavily for everything we had to send to Victoria, and utterly neg- lecting the interests of the coast districts. He thought, too, there was just grounds for com- plaint against the conduct of Mr. Parkes in suppressing a most important dispatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, on this, and the subject of free trade. There was another matter with which he wished to deal; he would draw atten- tion to his conduct with regard to the railways. He alluded to the £3,000, 100 loan for the ex- tension of railways, whlch he supported,- this loan to have been made by a house now insolvent. They contracted to take £84 in the £100. Certainly they did not pass it; but it was no fault of the Martain Ministry that they did not,--we have to thank the Opposition that they did not succeed in this undertaking. And he (Mr. Gray) was not going to give them credit undeservedly. We could not give the thief credit because he did not succeed in carrying out his ends. He was decidedly ap- posed to the extension of railways; it was no benefit to this district to do so; and besides he thought they were already extelded far enough. He would next allude to the debt of the colony. We had now a debt on the colony of ten million pounds. And has the coast districts of New South Wales received as a benefit for all the interest upon this money;-for the electors must recollect that they have to assist in paying the interest upon this debt as well as those of the interior. He thought this ought not to be the case. Instead of being benefitted by all this, our trade has been damaged-it has slipped out of our fingers, as it were. He would next allude to Ad valorem duties. When those duties were imposed upon the country Mr. Parkes spoke against them: and what has been his conduct recently with regard to these duties? why he has prevented them from being repealed, in conjunction with his leader, Mr. Martin. The sole reason for the disollution of Parliament was the unwarrantable opposition offered by Messrs. Martin and Parkes and their col- leagues; they were anxious to get into power again; and their continual cry was that the Parliament should have been prorogued. No event has hitherto taken place to equal the action of Parkes and his leader in opposition to the late Government. If the majority are not to rule, what Is the use of Responsible Government? The Government had not re- ceived a fair trial; they were prevented from carrying out their business. The real fact of the matter was the Opposition were afraid the Government would prove to tIhe country that they were worthy of the posi- tion they were placed in. The pro- gramme put forward at the opening of the late Parliament was termed an "electioneer-. ing placard." He (Mr. Gray) would be very glad to see it become so. The bill which he deemed of utmost importance was that of re- trenchment. He said our Government was carried on at a lavish expenditure and would give his strenuous opposition to it. But al- though Mr. Parkes in his usual eloquent style had made allusions to this lavishness on one occasion as downright "prodigality," yet he never attempted to do anything to prevent it. It was very difficult, no doubt, for the mem- bers of Parliament to consent to curtail the working expenses of the colony, and thus leave their friends in distress. The bill for retrenchment introduced by the late govern- ment would have effected a saving to the coun-vig tto e conen. try of £5000; but the Opposition prevented it being carried through. There was also a bill introduced to cut down the salaries of the offi- cers of Parliament, and that also of future Governors-of which he approved. This would have been effected had not Mr. Parkes in consort with his leader prevented it by their unwarrantable opposition. The electors would recollect that there was an expenditure of £3 or £4 per year for every person in the colony. He believed it was the case that members of parliament favoured their particu- lar friends in filling civil service offices; and regarded it as very wrong to do so. He was decidedly opposed to this lavishness; and that the late member of Parliament represent- thing this constituency was not. He wished the people to make their choice as free and inde- pendent electors. He would represent the inte- rests of this district if returned to Parliament. Valuable minerals had been discovered in the district and they required to be developed. Dr. Thomson said our district possessed one of theiilll ot IpoieCOid non of tihu richest seams of coal discovered in the country. Alluding to the Harbour works,-he stated that Mr. Parkes had never taken any interest in the matter, and was above studying the interests of the district. They were without suitable means of shipping their produce; and if the electors would put up with thls incon- venience, they might do so. He took credit to himself for having obtained government grants for improvements in the district while representing them in Parliament,--the Shell- harbor jetty, for instance, beside others. The Government had opposed him in these matters but he succeded in obtaining the grants. This was what he had done, and meant to do again if the opportunity was given him. The harbour works were now suspen- ded in consequence of the tactics of the Opposition. It showed they were only looking out for the "loaves and fishes," in- stead of studying the interests of their own constituencies. Mr. Parke's great claim was in having passed a good Public School system. No man felt more pride in that act than he (Mr. Gray) did himself; and he thought Mr. Parkes had carried it through very creditably, but was he not helpd by others in the matter ? Messrs. Samuel, Robertson, and Forster voted for the passing of the act ; and if Mr. Parkes was entitled to the confidence of the people on this account, so also were those who supported it equally entitled. He was represented as opposed to public education, or regardless of it; but he thought he had given most sub- stantial proof even in this district that this was by no means true. He had fought many a hard struggle with his friend (and he was sorry to say, with some who were now his op- ponents) for the promotion of education in the district. He referred to the Omega Retreat school as an instance in proof. He approved of the public school systeml in its entirety; and it was a system he meant to stick to. In his first candidature he opposed Mr. Cowper's education system; and this had the effect of putting Mr. Cowper out of power. Mr. Parkes had said he would make education as cheap as possible: but what had he recently done--doubled the fees, in proof of which if necessary he could read from a circular sent to the local boards by the Councll of Education, requiring that these fees should be charged. He disagreed with this, and thought it would be better to give the teacher £100 rather than lose one child from the schools. He did not approve also of the small salaries paid the teachers. The Council of Education were not acting justly in their management; for if they could afford to give Mr. Geoffrey Eagar £100 for auditing the accounts, surely they could give the teachers better salaries. He believed educa- tion should be entirely free. He might be told it was not Mr. Parkes's action alone--that he was only one of the party: but he (Mr. Gray) affirmed that it could not be carried out with- out Mr. Parke's consent, and held him res- ponsible. He thought, in concluding, he had pointed out the difference that existed between himself and Mr. Parkes. He spoke of Mr. Robertson as a benevolent man--a man who had given houses to the poor; and asserted that Mr. Martin opposed every liberal matter brought before the House. (Mr. Gray was loudly cheered throughout his address.) An elector: Was Mr. Gray in favour of State-aid? Mr. Gray: No. He voted for its abolition. Mr D. L. Dymock: With reference to the custom's duties imposed by the Melbourne Go- vernment-do we not get compensation for those duties? Mr. Gray: He admitted that he had entirely overlooked the matter of compensation, and answered in the afflrmative. Mr. Waldron: Would Mr. Gray represent the Tweed River or Kiama? Mr. Gray: He should study the interests of this electorate. Mr. Thrower: Was Mr. Gray in favour of direct or indirect taxation ? After some further explanation from the interrogator, Mr. Gray said he was in favour of every landholder being taxed according to the extent of the land he held. Mr. Dymock: Would Mr. Gray, then, sup- port an income-tax ? Mr. Gray : Yes. An elector. Was Mr. Gray in favour of the nowspaper tax ? Mr. Gray: No. Mr. Samuel Marks moved the resolution, "that Mr. Gray was a fit and proper person," &c.; in a long and fluent speech (which we have not time or space to give in full). Its chief characteristics were an extolling of the worth and fitness of Mr. Gray, and de- nunciations of Mr. Parkes as a dishonest poli- tician-of the conduct and policy of the Inde- pendent as arrogant and mendacious-and of Mr. John Black as the myrmidon of Mr. Parkes. The resolution was seconded by Mr. H. F. Noble. Mr. Black replied at considerable length, characterising the attack made upon him as ungentlemanly, untrue, and irrelevant. He explained his reasons for supporting Mr. Parkes and declared his conviction that Mr. Gray was not honestly before the electors- not having presented himself of his own will, but for the purpose of patching up the falling fortunes of the Robertson Administration. During the whole of his speech Mr. Black was subjected to a constant and unwarrant- able interruption- chiefly by Mr. Waldron- singularly enough proving the truth of a statement severely impugned by Mr. Gray at the commencement of the meeting. The chair- man and Mr. Gray several times requested a fair hearing for Mr. Black, but without effect. Mr. Gray, in reply to Mr. Black, said he consented to stand in compliance with a re- quest (by telegram) from his father, and not at the bidding of the Government; and con- cluded by calling Mr. Parkes a political re- negade and a traitor to his country. The resolution was then put, and by the chairman declared unanimously carried,- about forty out of some seventy five or eighty persons holding up their hands in its favour. A. wull.do·rved rvuo of thanlto to the chulrmaln-piril)o?oed by irt, S. lhurlrs, alid sucorleld by MIr. J. Blnuk--was tarrlld by nolarmation, and bltllught the bulsiuss to a olouo, 