AQUATICS. I Aquatic "Gossip." I DEAR BBTJÍ,-Thora ia really nothing worth wiitin/ about this week, the aquatic world being as dull II ditch water, and I am afraid if it does not get brisks; my occupation will be gone, as I shall not havo eren Iii " ghost " of a paragraph to send you. On Saturdi; evening last tho mnjority of our yachts wero out, tt\tt( advantage of tho strong south wester that was blowiij und tho Mistral and tho Nereid made a cruise as far u Curl Curl. Of course, tho big 'un had all the beat of i On Tuesday evening", while industriously engaged ii hauling up "red bream," at Shark Island, I ssw th Xarifa, Nereid, and lilla sailing about, but their perform- ances call for no particular comment. Tho match, nbid comes oír to-day between tho two orack boats, tho Mistral and Xarifa is not creating much stir, and very litt« money will bo depending upon the issue of the race. 1 need hardly say that I expect to see the Mistral comen first, and I think tho most prejudiced opponent of thc Mistral will then bo satisfied that she is the best boato! the two. Like a thorough Englishman, Mr. Parbuij never knows whon he is beaten, and although I admin his pluck in again sailing-against -tho Mistral, 1 aa) afraid he will have the mortification of seeing his fa'ronlt boat again playing second fiddle. The courae to bi sailed is from their moorings in Double Bay to Broken Bay, opening the inner South Head, and back to tbi red buoy oír Eort Macquarie, and in order that the na may be finished in reasonable time, the start will tiki place punctually at ten o'clock. . I have but little toni ubout the pair-oared race, but I believe both crewe in doing very well, and have every prospect of being h good fettlo by the 27th. Dunnett and Lyons are train' ing nt Mr. George Drewery.'e, : Hyde, and tho Eicken are taking their breathings at Mr. Cune's, Hunten Hill. I intend going up " the river," and paying a vail to both crews on Monday, and I shall be ablo to gire ai opinion on the condition of the competitors. It mott sol be forgotten that the second and final deposit of £60 asido is to be made on Friday next, between the hoon of 8 and IO, at Hinchy's hotel, Castlereagh-street. Then is no danger of either party failing to make good thai deposit, and at the meeting on Friday next, I expect tin backers of Dunnett and Lyons will muster in strongs force than they havo as yet done. I am informed Hui a well-known backer of Dunnett nnd Lyons is open lo take £60 to £25, or £100 to £50.7that they will «tn the race, and any,gentleman feeling "disposed to back Itt Hickeya.£njth<Mt\terms can learn whore tho, backer ol .the other mon isto - bo found by applying at th* offico: of this i journal. So far, I believe the Prince Alfred ïacht Club have done nothing towards carrjini out tho suggestion that was made in their usual annual roport, anent tho holdingvof a ¡Regatta in celebration si the arrival bf the'.'patron, pf the .Club-the Duke of Edinburgh. , If 'they- îintend.' to do anything of III .'sort I must say. they are very dilatory about makin; IIHE .commencement, and if they don't mind tho Prince vi aft .be among them before they' know whero they '".H, Nothing conduces so much towards the suocess o^H" Regatta as placing it prominently before the publio i<*HP some time before it comos off, and so I hopo too Priest Bf] Alfred Yacht Club will tako what I have said in good BK part and shortly announoo a programme worthy of "*|H occasion. I was not able, to attend at the mooting that vu HT 'held last night at" Kearney's, Oollonado Hotel, in order KV to make arrangements for tho celebration of St. Pntricïi W Day. . I think that in common fairness tho GovcrnmeiHf should.proolnim St. Patrick's Day asa general holiday ty BK tho same rule as thoy mado ono of St. Andrew's i>»J'BBj Tho sons of the Emerald lelo havo just as much right BÄK celebrate their patron saint's day as had "Scotia's caner Bj ohiol," and there is not tho least doubt in mind but thtHtt thoy will succeed in accomplishing their wishes if thtfH only go tho right woy to work. Of course if wo eucceelH, in. getting tho holiday, tho St Patrick's Day Regatta wilHJ, bo the great feature ot tho day's amusement, and so, faRK tlnYreason alono, I heartily wish tho movement everjBB success. The adjourned general meeting of tho rncrnHJ hers of the H. S. Y. Squadron was held at tho clutH rooma on Thursday afternoon, to consider tho dcsurHH bility of procuring a steam yacht for tho uso of tho mem-HB club. Ooinmodoro Dangar, who presided, Imti^HM .explained the object for which tho mcoting was priná-BH pally called,-it was rosolvod that a small steamer^JBÊ purchased nt an oxponso not exceeding £500. It rtJHB also decided tb hold a Yacht Club Ball during tho tiro J of his Boval Hiehnoss tho Duko of Edinburgh. LS R ' IOMBOWIIINÏ" ? 