i ME WS&X; THE MAIL.; THE LGRD. BYRON SCANDAL . , , . The.. Saturday Recitiw- has a. very. in-' j.terestiug.paper on tlie subject.. . Speaking j of., the charge broiight against Lord /Byron, it says The very first time it was! .ever announced, in print was three months before Mrs Stowe's publication. In an able and interesting paper, pub lished in the Temple Bar Magazine of June last, on " Lord Bj'ron's Married Life'," as - far as we know- this crime of- incest was first publicly charged on Lord Byron ; aud we are hound to. say that : that article, remarkable for- ability, good taste, and right feeling, has had far, more /effect .in. compelling, us to .the cph.clusipn- that /this is ./the .. trna solution! .pf '.'the mystery /than . Mrs , Stowe's very, nnplea-. Bant narrative, or - any . cphfidence, which We repose 'in a writer / so. : inaccurate, and in other ways so positively repellent, as. the authoress of ; Uncle Tom's Cabin. Again, we say, we accept, this version, not ou account of the, external evidence .which is .brought to .support . it, so much as on its internal probability., n Had Lady Byron fifty-lhrea years ago, in the in? terests .of religion., and morality, de nounced her wretched husba'nd— -had she, in order ! to; avert the baleful influence which his specious and debasing poetry was exercising over the minds, of the susceptible in the days when the Corsair and Parisina and Don Juan were evil liousenola. words— naa sue, in tne eternal interests of right and truth, branded hor wicked lord with his incest and/adultery, she would, in our judgment, have done a service to society.: But now the Iut terest in Lord .Byron is mhch .as,' oiir. interest in tho sins of .OSdipus or Byblis: and Cauuns. A morbid and vulgar curiosity is slakod, and slaked .with a baleful beverage.. - It is true that the liafne of Byron will he a hissing and a scorn to all generations ; hut if this is a gain to tho world,. it is to., be regretted that the last generation, who. suffered most by Byron's popularity, was deprived of this antidote to his poisonous influ ence. Sonthoy's ghost"will probably re joice that there existed so trap a justifi cation, though unknown lo him, of his phraso of the. Santanic school. But wo are not so sure that some foolish .people among ourselves may not be misled by Lady Byron's amiable sophistry that her husbaud after all was half angel, Aven tbongh she has left ample proof, that he was a fierce aud unmitigated " devil " — to use bis own description of himself. The more important, matter, however, remains. Mrs Beecher Stowe may have been guilty of bad taste, may have been influenced by low . motives, may have acted without authority or even in breach of faith in telling the tale as and where she has told it, may have blundered in telling it, may: have failed in establishing its autheuticUy, may have produced in sufficient evidence for it ; and . after all the tale itself might possibly, depeuding as it does solely on Lady Byron's asser tion, be an hallucination to. .which women at the time of .childbirth are occasionally subject ; but the question remains- — Is the 'story, through whatever unpleasant channel it reaches us, true ?. Have we got : the solution of the great mystery ? Til AM' i I. A t U.. I 1. aT A >«(A MM 1 n A « A £ UL tUU UUtU IU bUU dbUlJ lb 111 dependent of the particular form, which is unsatisfactory enough, in which wo receive it. As we have already hinted, we think, though wo think it with re luctance, that the balanco of probability is on, the whole much in its favor.. ,.It is intrinsically probable, aiid something more th m probable, not from internal evidence but from a whole cloud of small corroborativo external details, not one of which perhaps is. in itself conclusive, but the cumulative force of. which , taken to-, gether seems to bo irresistible. Tho argument is of a/critical nature, and, tbongh possibly weak in this or that single link, becomes very impressive from the multitude of indirect aud casual illustrations and slight confirmations; of which it is capable. Lord Byron was an only child ; his half-sister Angusta Maria was an only child j and her mother was a divorcee. It is stated by. Moore that the brother, and sister .seldom, perhaps scarcely , eyor, mot in early life. Augusta was born , in 1783 or .1'7S4, her mother, Lady Carnarvon, dying in the year of .her birth ; Byrron was .born in 1788\. /In 1807' Augusta Maria Byron married Colonel Leigh. It was in 1813 t that Byron made his. first oiler , to . Miss ' Milbank'e.; . Accordihg to Moore's ; Memoirs "it was. about March, 1814, that ; Augusta LoighA naiiio first occurs in ! Byron's Correspondence, - and in the i fragmentary diary which lie ' -began... in: ! November, :18i3, <in'd destroyed,; in some violent fit' of some sort"' of. passion, in i April, 1814, concluding it. with a frenzied passage, of which, the" last words . are, j " O fool ! -I shall go inad.',' L , Randrby the hind glare, of . MrkStowo's | narrative, what Byron ;said in his letters, |. to Moorje at/' 'tilts' /time';' what Ho inserted ; in his Diary, apd. the, poems which . be i. wrote',' become of the highest interest and J significance. / , ... /: :./. ' Some passages from 'Moore's book' . wo j extract. Tho ' very first;; '.mention of j Augusta /Leigh occurs. in the/Diary, :'A-,/. | " Marbh' 22; 1814/ She , "is 'a .' friend ! of Angnsta's,; and. whatever she loves I canlt help liking. March 28, Ahgiista j wants me .to .make it up with Carlisle. I' have lefusod every sic j body .else, .hat. I can't deny her auythihg ;./so I mnst e'en | do it./l !April 10,..I do not; know that I. : am happiest 'when aldiie but "this I .'.am / sure of/1 that" I' nofef, am long in the ; society even of her I love (God knows j too; well, and tho' Dovil/p'robably" too) , .without / a. yenruingV for ;tho' company of; j my lamp.'! ; '/; n:< -' -- i . And a week afterwards the journal was discontinued. /We tnrii to the correspond ; donee with Sloore :>V - i .. j Feb. \4,.1814j. Mrs Leigh : .is with; mo ' atNewstead. -. /March/ 3 aftcr-'returuirig to London'./ 1: have i a great "mihdito. tell; /you' that . I anvi uncomfortable, /if i only/ to makoyon comeito;town!/ there; is..no;obo ;:to' AyhomT: would: sooner; turn'; /for iconsolation . /.I .' The; truth is; ' I have no/ 'lack of: argument to' ponder nponof themostgloomydescnptionvbntf this icomes from? other- causes;' -Vsa't /There is nothing upon the: spotoither to love Or hate/ but T ' .certainl; have sub- ' j'ects' for:both'jat no' 'very great distauce;;; /' " 1 " " Mircli 12.' GuCss darkly/' ; ' :;At present I shall, 'say no 'more, and,, per-/ ; hpshat'no''!m'htriV,Ap 9.T have ' \- more or1 "less beeii breaking a'.feV-pf -'the . favorite commandments ;' butT ilieah/tb. pnil up and marry— if any oue:will have' mo. . . . " : ' ' / -. ". ' ' As this' -moment '/"'Byron declared ' a' sudden resolhtion; which, however,/ hir | did-not keep, never to write again ; : and: from' other notices, the exchange of books i and letters/ we find that, he Was in daily communication1 with, his half-sister. , May '4/he "sends Moore A, song, which; by the1 way, was. never/published till after his/ 'death/ which so'em'g : :at/' this time signiff- . cant :-d- ' ' ",!/':/ I speak : not/ I .trace! not, I Breathe not thy ' : '. hamo, 1 ;' '/ 1 " ' " Thero is grief in the aound, there is ' guilt in .. the fame; / ' . . v Top brief for our passion, too long for our / p'eaoe " . / " : ' '/ Wero.tho30 hours— can their joy or their bit-' . torne'ss cease I. /" ,'"We : repent— we : abj ure— we will break from , our chain, , ; "We will /.part/—- we will /fly-rto unite it again! OH1 thine -be1 the -gladness and mine be 'the' guilt. ;./ . i.- : ; ; . &C.; &C.; &C.; . ,' "As we have said, not one of those ex pressions is. conclusive, .but taken . toge-' ther they .become important. . As soon: as Byron was clear of Engn land, he wrote the .famouc vorses " To i Augusta, " ivhich wore never publishod .till aftor.his death,. beginning / . My sister, my aweet sister! It is cortaiuly opeh' to" am'body to' say that it might bo only fraternal love which dictated the vciry strong language of this remarkable poem ; it is also certain , on the other baud, that read by the' light of Lady Byron's story/ these strange lines are also susceptible of a1 very different and blacker interpretation:1 As wo have said before, ; taken, by itself, this poem concludes uothitig ; taken iu conuectiou with other things it seems to mean a good deal. The person to . whom "they were addressed, it' must' not be forgotten,' had a husband, and, as the Peerage tells us, " issue." Poets may address their sisters- in very affectionate language/but seldom talk ol living, and living: for ever; with a married woman, even .though she maybe a favorite half sistorj ':"/1 . .Go whoro l will, to mo thou. art thq.sam#, . A.love'd regrat'which I would not'resigh. . There yet are two things in my destiny— A- world to- roam through, and.a home with thee./ /; /.. - / .. . , /. Byron's first literary work after the sepa ration' was to write Manfred , a . ghostly, tale, the interest of which centres on incest. -We are quite aware that poets and dramatists are not to be identified with the characters or plots which they draw. Racine wrote Phodra, bnt this is :no proof that ho or. any other tragedian practised the vices of tho characters which ho draws; We- certainly cannot agree with Mrs Stowe's wild assertion that "anybody who reads Manfred with this story in his mind will see that it" — the story, we suppose— " is true." But when it is said, on tho other hand, as has beoit said by a writer in the Timet, " that it is almost impossible that a man with . the secret of incest on his soul wonld have written Manfred,-' we should say this is a very likely thing for .him to do. This- view .-of. the real significance of Manfred is illustrated by a remarkable passage in letter to /Murray, of July 9,1817, soon after its publication, aud referring to a critique which had been sent by Murray to Byron Send mo the rest ; and also p. 270, where there is an ' account of the supposed origin of this dreadful story.' ;— inwliich, by the way,- whatever it; may: bo, the conjectnvor is, out, and knows nothing of the matter. . I had, a betier origin (lor Manfred) (Han. he can devise ,or divine for the soul of him." But this summer of 1816 was spent not only in writing Manfred, but in Shollej'-'s company ; and Shelloy at ; that very moment :,was . engaged iu ./writing the Revolt - pf . Islam, a direct ; and elaborate vindication of. incest-r-and/whicli , if ! we. remember rightly, in itB original form as Lao n and Cythna, was even; more offen sive than it/now is. , ; Wo have heard an ingenious ; but over-fanciful . speculation that Aslarte, the strange nnrno. of the incestuous sister in ; Manfred ; contains /a sort of anngram of tho principal letters of the name of Byron's half-sister. - Bnt this is nrobablv a casual coincidence. The drama of , Cain, on which Mrs Stowo ! rests so. much as confirming, the I charge; of incest, is of much. later date. ! - , . \- In conclusion, the Review asks the fol lowing pertinent, questions :— " Isiit pro-, b'able or even possible, that i Mrs. Stowe invented this history? Most improbable — all.bnt.imppssibie., Is;it probable, :or even possible, that Lady. Byron invented this history ?. ,;Most improbable-frail hut; impossible. , : Is it probable, or; even -possibie, that Lady, Byron, , 'wiftout, intending .to misstate; or- misunderstand,, did take, au serieux some, foolish and chlpabie. affectatipu-of vice,, someswagger and boast on.her.husband'sipart .at some ; great and secret'crime, which only existed , 5ri his own morbid , imaginationi aud was j ionly.uttorcd for; the sake, of annoying his, ! wife,! aud in. his ordinary or. extraordinary ! evil temper.?.. ..Just possible— but .very.j im'prohahle. Is the story an hallucination I on Lady Byron's..; part ?,, ,Not , at . all j likely— hut of course possible. . If there-; .i fore there is . nothing absoiutely , ,to cjisr. | ; credit Mrs, Stowe's truthfulness,; .ox Lady, j Byrons truthfulness, . and if . the probabi- ,| 'litiea against illusion or misunderstanding I are so; great,. we, are. driven to ;the con- ' elusion, that, on ithe. whole, itho .history in :i its essence--Aliat . is, .as a. 1 charge. /of j incest— is; more likely .on alV, ;accou'nts ,to be; trne. than. not. -That., it jOught never. ,to, have .appeared/in . this most ,unsatis- . fiictory . form, w;and .that., great blamo. . attaches , to , t/ho ,5 author , of the revelation,! wP rnalce. noldonbt." 'r... n,,.;.nr!! 