VICTORIA. The following strange story is told to the Btndigo Independent by a resident of Sand hurst, as having been witnessed by him on Sun day last at Spring Creek : — ' Having occasion to call on an old acquaintance, he tapped at the door, and a faint voice desired him to go round to the back. He did so, and espying a door half open, he went in, when his eye rested upon a coffin. Behind the door, sitting down with his head resting upon his hands, was a man emaciated and almost ghost-like in appear ance. To the gentleman's sympathising in quiry, the man replied that he had buried his wife a few days previously, that the coffin in the room contained the remains of his sou, and he felt that in a few days he should himself ' drift out to that unknown sea which is round all the world.' He ascribed the death of his wife and son and his own illness, to the effect of inhaling the all-prevadiug aud horrible dust of the diggings, and our informant says that the last time he saw his acquaintance (a few weeks back) he was as hale and as hearty a man as he would wish to see.' At the City Court on the 3rd instant, before Mr. Sturt, P.M. ; Alderman Cohen, and Messrs. Hurst and Cohen, Hugh Levinger was again brought up charged with the murder of three natives of Tanno, an island in the Pacific, on board the Young Australia, of which he was at the time a supercargo. Prisoner was remanded to Sydney, and committed to gaol until a war rant was obtained under the signature of the Governor authorising his removal. Mr. Fel lows tried to shake the determination of the Bench, by asking what reason they would assign for sending Turn to another jurisdiction, and more than hinted that they would render themselves liable to an action for false imprison ment, but he was unscccessful, and prisoner was removed.— A rgu*. A bad accident occurred at the bathing place tit Queenscliff on Monday morning. A man named John Murphy (a native of Dublin), a waiter in Leihy's Hotel, went down to bathe, and in a few minutes Mr. A'Beckett and a friend, who were dressing, heard screams, and looking out, they saw the man holding on to the chain stretched across a very dangerous opening in the rocks. A rope was thrown to the man, but he appeared so paralysed with fright that he made no attempt to eaten hold of it, and before any one could get to him he was carried away and drowned. DtntiKo the hearing of a charge against Ah Ghoong, a Chinaman, at Sandhurst, on Monday, Mr. Suiress, assayer to the Bank of New South Wales, gave some very interesting evidence re specting the manufacture of spurious gold by the celestials. He said they were in the habit of purchasing booka of gold from the painters, and making lead into a granulated form, which they covered with gum water, and then shook it up in a bottle or bag with the gold leaf, turning out to all appearance, in the word* of the pri soner, ' welly giK-d gold.' A CORRBBPOHDEHT. writzngtothe BaUarat5«ar the other day. described a urge block of ice de posited by the late thunderstorm, which was lying somewhere between the Chaliicam sad Uoninn runs, He described it, if oar memory serves us, Mover twenty feet in length, and of about the same breadth, while 4 was nearly twenty inches in thickness. The veracity oftae account was doubted by a good many, who could scarcely credit the deposit of such a ' hailstone ' on the spot where it was found. ' We are in a position to state, however,' says t\u- Ararat Advertv.tr, 'that the account was quite correct, and that the block of ice was visited aud seen by nearly every resident in the neighbourhood. Some think the ice may have been an accumulation of hail from the heavy storm referred to ; but the mass presented no indication of such a formation, being apparently quite solid.' A claim was bottomed in the deep lead on Tuesday last, near Oompton's-bridge,' says the Spring Creek Leader. ' From one bucket of stuff, loz. 3dwt. was washed. On the same day a bole was bottomed about a mile from the township, on the Kilmore road ; from seventeen buckets of dirt lloz. 7dwt. were obtained. It was reported ou Wednesday that au eight ounce nugget had been found iu the old lead, but 011 applying for information at the claim the men were so reticent that we cannot vouch for its truth.' A one-twkntiktu share in the Melbourne and Ballarat Glass Jiottle Company was sold on Tuesday at £15 premium. The company exjiect hi commence work iu a few days, when they an ticipate turning out fifty or sixty gross of soda water bottles a week ; but when the works have been .some time in operation, and the employees become thoroughly conversant with their various duties, double that iniinlier is expected to be made weekly. It is intended at present to con fine the manufacture t- the bottle trade, but afterwards work of a finer description will be attempted. 