A VISIT TO MELBOURNE, No. IV. After parting with my friend the M.L.A. at Carlton gardens I walked at a smart pace to my head quarters, the Globe Hotel, and ordered fish and coffee for breakfast. The morning walk had given me an excellent appetite, and as I commenced to operate on a couple of guard-fish, I could not help repeating Burns's grace before dinner - "Some have meat, and canna eat, And some could eat wha want it ; I ha'e meat and I can eat, An' so the Lord be thanked." What a glorious thing it is to have a good appetite. Persons who lie in bed till nine or ten o'clock lose the most pleasant part of their existence. Having finished breakfast in a very satisfactory manner, and read the Daily Telegraph, a very good paper, by the way-which more than fills up the vacuum created by the demise of the Herald-I started to do a little shopping for a lady friend in the country who had commissioned me to make a few purchases for her. According to instructions I went to Buckley and Nun's, and as I entered the door I was met by a very polite, bald-headed gentleman, dressed somewhat like a clergyman, who bowing gracefully, and rubbing his hands with everlasting invisible soap, asked in the mildlest of tones, " What can we do for you, to-day, Sir.' " I want to purchase as much black silk as will make a lady's dress," and I was about referring to my memorandum book to see what other things I required, when the gentleman aforesaid walked off, saying, " this way, Sir." "I'll follow thee" as Hamlet said to his father's ghost, thought I to myself, as I walked along about a 100 yards of passage, between two rows of long- robed, high chignoned ladies who sat intently gazing on articles which I shall not attempt to describe--because I cannot. The clerical looking attendants I noticed were numerous; some of them looked excessively deferential and polite, others smirked and smiled, with their fair customers in a manner that was quite engaging. "Show this gentleman some black silk," said my guide, handing me a chair, and making a bow that would do credit to a dancing master, he walked back again to his post at the door. " What priced silk do you wish, Sir; a good quality I suppose ?" said the gentleman of the silk, department. " I'll examine a few samples,"- said I, trying to look as knowing as possible, for I must confess that I scarcely know the difference between silk and satin. " This, Sir, is four guineas a dress, that five, and so on till he got to L12 12s, and as each article was opened out it was pulled one way and then gathered together into folds with the skill of an artist to show the article to the best advantage. I failed to appreciate the many excellencies of shade and texture that were pointed out to me, and feeling somewhat like a cat in a tripe shop, I said that " I will take the six guinea dress," not knowing which it was, for had I attempted to select it, the chances would have been equal to the toss up of a halfpenny that I should have picked out one of the cheapest in medio tutamen est, thought I, by taking one that is neither too dear nor too cheap, I may be right (?) " What kind of trim- mings, Sir, do you wish for the dress," said the man of silk. Here I was obliged to expose my ignorance. " O something usual for black dresses," I replied. The smile of superiority and self-complacency that passed over that man's countenance at my sim- plicity was something humiliating. "Half- mourning trimmings," I added, by way of showing that I knew something of what I was talking about, " and how much is the bill?" " Dress, L6 6s; trimmings, L1 18s 6d, in all, L8 4s 6d. "Any- thing else that we can supply you with this morning." " Nothing else," I replied, rather curtly, as I had a suspicion that he had been sticking it on pretty strong in the matter of trimmings. " Cash here," shouted the man of silk, with a voice that would have been invaluable to a captain of volunteers. A small boy promptly obeyed the sumnmons, and whilst he went to get a receipt I had a little time to look round about. Close to me sat a stout red-faced lady about forty years of age, gorgeously arrayed. Before her was some very high colored silk or satin. " This dress as I've got on," she said with a tone of voice and manner that clearly proved to my mind that she had been brought up at the wash-tub, or some other less respectable kind of business. "cost me only L12 3s 4d, and would not I be a fool to give L16 for that thing. After a word in praise of the dress the bargain was closed. As I looked along the two long rows of ladies busily engaged at the counters furnish- ing flowers, ribbons, and all manner of finery, I could not help thinking what a variety in the style of dressing had been in- troduced into the world since Eve sewed her fig leaves together. Poor Richard was right when he said "silks and satin put out the kitchen fire." The extravagant manner in which the ladies of Melbourne dress is doing more injury to our social condition than most. persons seem to be aware of. A man must be in very good circumstances in these days before he can think of marrying, and those who reflect on the subject are led to the conclusion that they must remain bachelors. Thus it is that those young girls who deck themselves in costly apparel that they may captivate admirers, and gain husbands, are like " the last rose of summer left blooming alone." How many homes are made unhappy by extravagance in dress. Men with moderate incomes, driven to ruin, that their wives may keep up with the fushions. The very dead are robbed of their hair that it may be man- ufactured into ridiculous Crow like nests, called chignons on womens heads. 