gHOMwgnnKrsMaaaa3arm''r*rM,r-''««aAmw»w«iir«jwcwgw C'eiilriil Criminal Court) n.v'*r , i (From the Empire.) , »'-''- - 1 ' A V i;' : .5 ? ? — r.'. ' iS -. ? i '.Wednesday. j 'H-.^aua'fBefore bis Honor Mr Justice Cheeko^ r- ' 'ADMISSION TO TrtK BAH. 8^,'? ' On tbe motion of Sir James Martin, David 'Buchanan, Esq., of the Middle Temple, wus ' ?' admitted .to the bar of New South Wales. ijiil HUB THE BROUGHAM-l-LACE MURDER. Jolm Mason, under remand from tho last ? Bitting of the Criminal Court, charged with the ? , Wilful murder of ono Elizabeth Moore, alias Strutt, was placed in the dock. l,f- 'i s/'; 'Prisoner was defended by Dr. Belinfante, )«»'. Vx.butrneted by- Mr Williamson. .,aan*. ^ Mr W. J. Foster prosecuted on behalf of the Crown .fi.jU.it.' ' Sergeant Edward Goldrick deposed : I know . . Brougham place. On 28th May last, at quarter . past 1 o'clock in the morning, I was on duty ? 'passing 'through Brotighhara place I' saw a bag standing up against the wall. I opened the bag and found' that it contained the body of a -tv.oaian,i: I then waited a short time to see if — ? - ? any one would come, but as no one came,' 1 took her'to the Infirmary. She was there seen by a . .ll.K,' doctor,' but was dead. I then took her to the dead.. house of tbe Benevolent Asyluui. The ' next day I opened the bag at the Benevolent' r; i «,? Asylum. I had known the deceased for some '* ! '/'.years. .The letters WB wero on the right arm -ofitho deceased. Tbe body was in a stooping . , .position; and seemed to have been crushed into ii' , - tho:,bag; t | '^By Mr Belinfante The faco and bead was ill!.-, f.vflold;' ? The body was a little -warm. There are '^'rn'oje, policemen about Pitt and King streets than esl: :.;in- any other; . : ? ''p.',!- .jFjoreiwo. Saunders deposed : I recollect being -present at an inquest on the. body of a woman on ?: j-'; - the; 29th May. Sergeant Goldrick was there at ?' the time Tho body was. that of Lizzy Moore. Sh'e.had the letters WB on the right arm. I Jr.- '? 'Lad 1 'known ber about five weeks. The last 'j ' ' ,.]timjf!'.I;8aw:ber alive was on the;26th May, about ' 'i ? 12 o?clobk in the day time. I don't know how /she got bor living. uk ' Emma Crabtree deposed: I knew the woman named Elizabeth Moore. ?' I saw her body at tho fit - Benevolent Asylum, Sho had the letters WB on gjij 'jher tight. arm. I saw ihe'm put. on - by a, man named \yjlliam,.Beard„abcut ten years ago. -She -^Was 'living with a man named Strutt for five or ??J5?l.'s|x years, /off and on-, The :last time I saw her {,*? . alive was on the 24th May. By;Mr Belinfante : Sho'waa drunk then. : 'nAutliur Renwick deposed: ! am a legally, qualified practitioner. I recollect seeing the dead ,;r-v bo'dyof o-'wotnati^ on the morriing.' of the 28th of ^''''iMay, at the;'deadiiiouse:of the Benevolent Asylum. ' Tbelody was there in;a bag, the mouth of which waSjOpen , Jt was; the. samo body ? wh'ich I saw at ,the( jnquest. The head was upp-?rmost;in the bag, ''and tbe body was in a crouching position. The head mooed on the trunk with unnatural facility. iiA Life' 'had :been . extinct at '.tha.most twenty-four .hours. ;before I- saw the' body. I saw the, body, ?'-['first 6n the forenoon of tho 28th. I made a post \ mortem examination of the body.' It was that'ot '-' b female of about thirty yearB of age. ? Her hair, .'.j^wjiich wasof a dark brown -color, was tied up in a'-kriot at the back of the head'. . As regards the immediate cause of death, there wei'e; in my . ?'ijjjinioi), two oauses of death. . There were diseases ; which, might have . cause'd.; death-; but the immediate oauso of- dcath wore the injuries infiioted ,^n.tl^i head and. neck of tho woman. .Tlie injuries ' on the head consisted of the effusion of blood on tbe back. of .the brain, t .That; must have been caused by violence, either , by a blow or a fall on' jv.tbeib'ackof the head. ' Had ' there ' hot been; the ? I'knot of hair on the baok of the, bead there would V.11ave: l)eeu-a mucb groater effusion' of blood. As '^it1 was, thero' was a . great deal of effused : blood. ; A, smooth puving atone might, have oausqd.'the ?'injury on the back of the head. - The -injury to 'the heck was a .very peculiar one. ' It consisted'of a dislocation of the neck caused by - pressing ' the head down.:; It must have been done before death; but if not it must have taken amazing violence to have caused the dislocation after death. It might { 'have been caused by a wienclj, a blow,, ctr a -fall, tfiie' iujury on tha back' of the head and tho dislocation of the. neck might .have, been causedby! the same blo\f or fall., . The consequence would ?havebecu almost immediate death; ' This .was ?shown'' by the post mortem^ examination. The deceased: was a woman of drunken qd d: dissoliitQ 'habits.' - ; ' '''Cross examined by Mr Bclinfauto : At the coroner's inquest I said there was congestion of tbe blood- I. now say, that, it-was., effusion of :tho $ood. . The effect; however, is'; the' sahio to the jury . There' wer.e ;. .eitensi've, diseases present in' consequenco ; of -her ? disBoliito1 1 habits. \ In consequence of these.;diseSees \ sho oould not hive' liye'd'long: had she riot : rcooived those injuries. The' difficulty of dislocating the neck: after death' vypuidi.be in. consequence^ of ;the 'rigidity: of :tbe limbs. Supposing .. that . / violence - was- used immediately .after; death, although- the bodyrwas sf iii wart«;''I don't think', tli£ ' dislocation- could be ejected, unless violence of 'a .very severe nature W^r-nBOd. ' ? ojacob De- Leon; deposed : I am a .'legally, qii'aiVlied ' medical practitioner, -; and resident' surgeon : at' tho-' Sydney.'Infirmary.1 -Qn Friday,: morning; 28 th' May ; 'aliput^: o'clock, I- wassailed upT~I'' went to the' gate :of the. Infirmary, and there saw the body of a woman in a sack, in a cab I 'Examined the. body, and_ Raw- that lifo wafi extinct The body was still warm, but the face and -hands were cold.' ' ' fieijK;' was well marked. I should epy. that death had taken '-place from one to'four hours before I saw the body/ It generally, takes a body from fifteen to twepty hours to cool. I do not think that the body had been dead twolvo hours, Thl) Dody was as warm as my Land, l':i ' ' ?' ' ' ..- i :,.ir ht'i: S'l-''-1-''- ? : j _Dr Gcorge.Freilerick..])ansoy. deposed : -I-hnve j heard the evidoncc.of Dr Reowiok, that it would ' require great 'violence to cuuso the dislocation of the neck after death I think that dislocation might be causod, easily just after death Supposing thai tho' body bad. just after death, been crushcd into a bag, the dislocation of the neck would, I think, have been produced, f. am not in a posiiion to give a correct opinion, not having seen the nature of the dislocation. There is a diff rence between congestion and cffusioD of tho blood. Sergeant Matthew M Keogh deposed : I know the prisoner Mason. I arrested him in a house in Barrack street, about 12 o'clock on the night of the 28th May. I went into the house \Se3 or was sitting down. I asked him where ?° of ^ last night, and be said lie slept with a whment t Sussex-street. I asked him what housejPu'-''c j said he would not tell me. He aftcrwarlresen'; r ' I slept on a form in tho verandah of a b made * house.' I then asked him to go with nruy be J police station. I was (hen accompanied y'er3- i other policemen. When passing the W]wbolo I Cliurah in York-street, prisoner called n|l')ose ] and said, ' Do you want to ' vag' me, oi-j ^ave c want information'' I said, 'I'm not f|maJe , ' vag' yon ; I want information about a ?tmgs 1 t- % who was murdared in Brougham pla-5 morning.' I then cautioned him, sayilig','^ don't want you to give me QDy information that will criminate yourself.' He then said, won't give you any information ; I can die like a b ? man.' This was said before I had accused him of having anything to do with the murder. I took prisoner to the police station, and charged him ?with the wilful murder of Elizabeth Moore, alias Strutt. ? Cross, examined by Mr Balinfante : Irofuseto give you the name of the person from whom I got this information, undor his Honor's direction tbat I am not bound to do so. There is a policeman stationed at the corner of King street, near the theatre, to clear the streets.' Agnes Larkins deposed : I recolleot a woman named Lizzy Moore. I had known her for ten years. : I saw her dead body at the Benevolent Asylunr. I was at the inquest. The last time I saw her alive, was 11 o'clock on the night of Thursday, -27th May. She was sitting down at the corner of Pitt ' and , Bathurst streets. She was not sober, I asked her to get up and come for a, walk. ...We met a man named Jim ; I mean the prisoner.- I know him for the last six years. I asked prisoner to shout for drinks. He did so, arid we bad :some drinks at a publio house opposite the Temperance Hall. We then went down Pitt street, towards King street. Five young men met us, and asked Jim ivhere we were going. Jim said we were going . for a walk i Thoy said they would go too. . The' five j'oung men then walked on ahead;- and the three of us walked behind* We went as far as a -waste piece of ground on the right hand side of Pitt street, aome distance' below Brougham^ place. When we got that Uf, tbe five men then asked Jim to have a smoke. : They sat down, ;and Lizzy Moore and I went by ourselves up on the ground. After some time, Jim and the five young men came up, and Jim put his hand up her clothes, and wanted to put her down. She refused, and called him a son of a r — Jim ? then struok her a violent blow on tho side of the head and knooked ber .down. She fell into a hollow, about two feet ? deep. I was about a yard aivay when Jim struck her. Four out of the five young men ran away. Lizzy. tried to get up, but- could 'not. ' Jim (hen picked up a stone, or piece of wood, and. bit her about the neck or shoulder. She'-' was then in the hollow. She then laid still. I was not quite sober -at ' the tiine, neither was prisoner sober. Prisoner stooped to lift something, and then hit Lizzy. This was after 11 o'clock, but not 12, because the public houses were not closed. The man who remained spoke to prisoner in aloud tone of voice. . I went and sat dov/n- on ^the kerbstone in Pitt-street. 1 pointed out the spot to' the poiioe. I left Mason -and ' tho' other, man standing beside' Lizzy Moore. I could see them from tho spot where I was ; sitting. 'I saw prisoner come off the spare piece of ground, and go towards Brougham plaoe, and in about five minutes return with something under- his arid. He went up to whore the other man and Lizzy were.', Ithen saw them lift the body up and put it into, what I; thought was a bag*. , .They put her feet: in first, | and-then crushed the body down into the bag The man then ran away, saying, 'I won't crack a nail.' I understood by this that he would not tell. Jim then come down to me and. said ' come here,-! wan1, you' He said, ' give me a hand with this.' I caught hold of the bottom of the-(..ib)igi;. and: prisoner the top. 7 We went up Foxlow place to Castlereagh street. We put '.the bfcg down'on'a' spare' piece of ' land on the ' opposite sidp.. of .the street. . Prisoner then said. '' there's tivo much light here,' and asked mo to help' him again. I said 'No fear, I'll go and fetch the police.' ' Prisoner -caught hold of me by the, neck and . said. '-you do' you 'want to,hang a^man.' . / Prisoneri then oweht to 'the bag and then got it :-;on'liis back, and went along Qaatlefoa'gh 'street as-lar as Brougham place. J-Ie -then turned down BVougham . placej and went into a lane on. tho right, and came out again Without. the bag* He. tlien went straight down Brougham place into Pitt , street; -I -followed down Brougham place,1 and into the lane, and saw the: ba'g: standing', up .against - the- wall;-' 'I then [went back along Castlereagh. striet^' and down ? King ?sti-eoty I got something to drink in a publio house at tho corner of York street: . I was, diunkand went to Clarence .6treot and laid down in a lano to sleep. Early in the morning I got up and went to a public' house at the corner of Barrack street, and afterwards went to Hopgood's publio house. I thore saw prisoner. Ho winked at me.1 I firBt gave information- that day to Mrs. Hopgood, ? ? ' * , , The witness- 5 was cross1* ' 'ciamin'ed by Mr Bolinfate at grfatJengtb,.but,without!Bhaking her teatimouyi;, .' ' . vn' Thomas Hopgood deposed : I am the son of the landlady of the Fountain -of Friendship Hotel., On the 28th of May prisoner .was at, our house. Agnes Larkins was;in, the house also. She was drunk, but able to take care of herself. Prisoner and Larkins were in the room next the' bar together. I was reading a,. paragraph in the Evening Neivs about the woman being found in a '\\-ag in Brougham place. ^ A.gnes Larkins said she knew something more abdUt that. I was present afterwards when she gavo some information. A few minutes afterwards a constable was seen. By Mr Belinfante: Agnes Larkins is an habitual drunkard. J ..j ? ? w..uuiuiUi:3 in tc I'he address of Mr John Stowart, tho lata mnigllt of will bo found in our advertising columns, as i house, mnouncomcnt by Mr J. W Wilshire of his int ;o contest tho election- But it is not likoly tliot say ; :ontest will bo confmod to theso two candidatg aftej-, ;hero aro others spoken of, somo ono or moro of . ' ivill soon annouueo himself. Amongst thosjuarter |: iro spokon of is Mr Jamos Osborno, son and hijjgouQi; -f former representatives, ami whose family ii cnown in the district for many years- The Os 'amily, is, in fact, as well known in tho distr.a(]y 0f -ho district itself !\lr A, Lysaght, tho pr- J . Mayor of North Illawarra, is also spoken of as In the ;o presont liimsolf. and also Mr 14. 11. Evair aD(j :Jc n roao Yilla Whatever may bo tho result ( -: iloetion, thoro will bo small room for complalk, and vant of numbers to solect from. (~inco tho t - vaB in typo wo learn that Mr Lysaght and Mr £ rnvo declined to contest tho olection. but pu:am a living their interest to Mr J. Osborno ) re- J = u i in iu a contectioner's shop in itiain.t:istreet on Friday, 28th May. A young wom.an named Simmondswas serving. It was about 12 o'clock in the day. I went in to get some refreshment. I asked Miss Simmonds if she bad heard about the murder. Sue said ' yes,' this party, pointing to the prisoner, who was sitting on a (hair in tbe shop, had been telling her all about it. Prisoner afterwards said something to this effeot, Don't talk any more about that. I have bear.d enough of it.' I am positive prisoner is the man.'. I wentto the inqnest casually, and immediately I 'saw prisoner, I recognised him. .. i.;' : . ?; - By Mr Balinfante : I have never expressed a doubt about prisoner being the man. ? f;I- looked him full in the face. I can't be mistaken;; ' Charlotte Simmonds doposed : -I was ',in , the employ of Mr Haynes, confectioner, of Market street. ,1 know Mr; Saunders. I recollect his coming thero on the' 28th of May, about 12 or 1 o'olook. I do not know the prisoner. I recolleot a man being in the Ehop. I should know him again. - ' He: was a man with a long, thin .face and weak eyes ; bo was tipsy; he had been in the shop about half aiT hour before Mr. Saunders came in: he sat. 'down' ' * . ' ' 9 ' | .;,J \ and went to sleep, in the chair. Ihad spine conversation with that man with regard to! the murder in Brougbam-placo. The man askedj me if I had heard about it ; I said I did not; he. tlien ? told me bow it happened. He told me he had found her tied in a bag. He said she was warm when he found her; that sho was a pretty girl, and he hoped she was in heaven, I asked him if he had any clue to the murder, and he said tlmt would not do to tell. I thought he was a detective. The man said lie had his foot hurt by a horse, j I tried' 'to ' persuade him to go .home or go for a doctor^ but he said he was tired and would rest awhile. He said ' I have been up all night about this murder.' ! By Mr. Belinfante : I am quite sure tbat the prisoner is not the man. He was in the sh[-p about an hour arid a half altogether; lie was there half an hour, after Saunders came in. Saunders came in and was speaking to me about the oase. I asked him what ho thought about it. He said when he saw him with his hat on ho did not think ho was quite like him ; have since seen tbe man who was in my shop on the 28th May ; saw him in my shop tlie next ..morning after the inquest, and several times since, passing my shop ; have to'd the police that I have since seen the man. By Mr Forster : I have spoken to this man. I asked him if he was the man who was in my 3hop on the 28th May, and he got angry, and said he was not. I did not tell him what I wanted to know for. Senior 1 sergeant Waters deposed: I saw the spot on the vacant piece of land, pointed out by Larkins. It is the Land on which Butt's old Metropolitan Hotel stood. . There is a hollow in tho ground, which' was covered with rubbish, about two feet deep. On one side thero is an; incline to the hollow, and .on the other some bricks. She -also pointed but a spot where she; said she was sitting on the kerbstone. It ia a distance of thirty two yards, and from -it you can see the vacant ground. . Agness - LarkinB then went up Foxlow place into Castlereagh street, and pointed out a spot on some land off the street. ? She then went down; Brougham place, and about t,wenty yards from .Castlereagh street she turned into a lane and pointed out another spot,' against the wall. That was the spot where the bag was found, Mr Belinfante then addressed the jury, con tending that the principal witness for tho Crown wa3 not to be relied on in a case of such great (importance. ; Mr Forster replied, pointing out tbat Larkins was coiroborated in all the principal points, with 'the exception oi her relation of the occurrence itself. ? His Honor elaborately summed tip. . \ | The jury, after nearly three-quarters of an liour's absence, returned into court' with a vcrdit of guilty bf manslaughter. Prisoner was remanded for sentence. ' Sterne, wlio-used his wife very ill, was one day talking to Garriok- in a. fine sentimental manner, in praise of conjugal love and fidelity. 'The husband,' said Sterne,. .'who behaves unkindly to his wife, deserves to have his house burnt over his head.' If you think so,' said Garriok, 'I l}opc your bouse is insured.' ;- A' player, performing the ghost in Hamlet very badly, was hissed,-. after bearing it a good: while ho put the audionoe in good humor by stepping forward and saying, ?' Ladies and gentlemen, I am oktremely sorry that my humble endeavors to please are unsuccessful; but if you are not satisfied I must 'giva up the ghost,' . : ------ — * ? 