MISCEI/LANEODS. : ON June 22nd : A deputation, icozisisting of the .President ofthe Mechanics's Institute (the Hon A. Sennerley, MX. 0.),"Messrs Dowdell aiid Gill,members otjCommittee, ajid Mr langleyl the -Honorary .Secretary,, waited upon the.Hon the Colonial Secretary for the.purpose...of .obtaining a grant of land in Collins-street on which to erfict ainore auhstantial and commodious building. The deputation was receivjed. with great .courtesy, .and ,a reply was promised .when the matter had received due coneiderationj .•..:. : The .brethren of the Masonic Lodge, .No. 345 on -iheBegistry of the Grand Lodge of Ireland, met ilaat evening at Brother Host Riley's, the Victoria . Hotel, Murray-street, to celebrate the festival of /St. John. Between thirty and forty sat down to.a .repast of .a most sumptuous character , got up in a rmanner which reflfi^edgreat credit on the host, and jg&ve; .great. satisfaction to the. brethren. present. The chair. was occupied by W.M. S. Smith, and the ••vice-chair by S.W.P.M, J-T. RobertBon. ..The .usual masopic toasts were given, and the brethren, .brokenp. ajijt^elve o'clock, after enjoying a most agreea able evening,. . .. .. ... The.^ani^meeting of.the Hobart Town district !«f the.Manchfflt^Unity.Independent Order. of,Odd XfiV^t /f^ 'S^rge.^rthu^jfnn?' fiSphdl-strS ion ,J7.th jfuly r' .Qele^tes frppi the following lodges attended, yiz.:—ioyal Southern; Star, Loyal • Raglan, Loyal EVanklip^ Royal Albemarle, . and -Loyal, Prince Alfred Lodges.; Prov. D.G.M. M'Laren was duly elected. Prov. G,M. P,G, Clarke . was -duly elected Prov. C.S, Johnson.; was re-eleqted Prov, -C, (Secretary of the Hobart Town District for • he ensuingtwel vemonths, •At a late sitting of the Supreme Court in .Insolvency, the Clerk of ,the Conrt drew the attention of Sir Francis Smith, the presiding Judge, to' the fact that ihe stamp on a'certun bill put in by Mr Allport for ; proof of debt bore a different date from the bill itself.. _ It was argued by. Mr Allport that the interpretation of. the Act was that a document should be stamped, not when made, but when used; . in which opinion his Honor, on reference to the Act, .concurred. Indeed, as Mr Allport remarked, the bill, being a foreign one, could not have borne the stamp of this colony until its receipt here. The Launceston Times pays—Morton Allport, Esq, of Hobart Town, has kindly forwarded to certain officers in H.M. Customs here, by the Hally Bayley, another consignment of English percli for stocking the rivers at this end of the Island. Captain Harrison bestowed such care upon this .portion of his freight that every fish shipped arrived safe alive, and—not kicking—but swimming. They are small but lively, and it is intended by the gentlemen to whom they have been consigned to keep them in Launceston~unde"r their" own supervision for a few months until they are better able to shift for themselves, in waters which will be far removed from their native element. Mr D. Room, of Brisbane-street, has offered a noble gift through the Municipal Council to the people of Launceston, of four hundred forest trees, one hundred and sixty of which are oak and two hundred and forty ash, sycamore, and elm. This braevolent donation is coupled with but one condition, that the Council plant the trees in the ground reserved for the people's park, near the butts on the eastern swamp, and alongside the George Town road." The Argus says:—" While we are employing Tasmanian freestone for architectural purposes, the islanders arc returning the compliment -by trampling onrhluestone Tinder foot. The town 'surveyor of Launceston,' says the Times, is now superintenfiing t*ie laying down of a new etyle of footpath, Opposite the-Cameron-street side of theTown Hall- Tbis is of large slabs of Victorian bluestone and kerbing of the same material. The slabs have been *awn as evenly as if they were of timber. 1 ' The vhurch News remarks that the Hutchins School is-to be congratulated upon the great success which it achieved at the recent examination of candidates for the Council's exhibitons. The first boy on the list was indeed «ent upbyHorton College, and the third by the City School, but the second' fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh (the total number of candidates being, we believe, about thirty) were all pupils of the Hutchins School, and won their places so well as to obtain high praise from the Examiners. Mrs Sophia Goodwin,' recently proprietress of the Cornwall Chronicle, has b,een declared insolvent on the petition of her late employes. That ' old-established journal the Cornwall Chronicle has been taken out of the hands of its former proprietor, and has been purchased by Mr. Robert Harris, proprietor of the Launceston Times, who has incorporated it with the Chronicle, and publishes it til- weekly. THB ROSTER.—Henry B. Tonkin, Esq , is the magistrate whose name is on the roster for duties atthe Police Court this inorriing. ST. JOHN'S ASSOCIATION.—An interesting reading of miscellaneous--^pieces,—interspersed with music, wasgiven last evening- at .the schoolroom in Gonlburn-street. There was, as usual, a good attendance. SAI.ES OF.SHABB5.—Messrs W.-. A,. Gnesdon and Co. lsold at their, mart, [yesterday, nineteen shares in the Hobart Town Gas Company at £24 .12s 6d per chare,—£18.being-the amount paid np.: Also a JSIOO -share in the Commercial Bank at -£152. .. -SUPREME COOBT—There bang no one present at the Bitting of this Court yesterday in Insolvency Jurisdiction, His-Honor Sir Francis Smith deferred judgment on the reserved point in the estate of Mrs Henrietta Nation until the next sitting of the Court. TASMANIAN POCITRT SOCIETY.—The annual show will be held in the Town Hall on Tuesday, and Wednesday, the J Oth and 11th proximo. Intending compe&torsaxe; informed that entries in writing addressed to: the Secretary, Royal Hotel, Liverpool-street, will be received np to 9 p.m. on Tuesday ,3rd August, after which time no entry can be made. Vslnable gifts of poultry, pigeons, canaries, &e.;, will be distributed each evenine. • liiiBNKZER CaAFKij.—Tiere was a large assemblage at the upper end of Mnrray-Btreet yesterday afternoon onthe occasion of laying the corner-stone ofia building for the members ofthe United Methodist free Church. His Excellency the Governor arrived pnnctnally at three o'clock,accompanied by Mr Chichester, Private Secretary, and.was escorted to ^'platform- erected in front of the old chapel. After a verae of the National Anthem had been sung the proceedings commenced, by the Hev, R.- Miller giving out the 541st Hymn,"Before Jehovah's awful Thronei." Prayer was then offered by the Bevd Dr Nicolson, and the Revd G. Clarke read the- 22nd. chapter -of the ist Chronicles - the 742nd hymn '' This: etone &c;" having . tieen sung, Mr: J-iSRothwell,'Secretary of the United Methodist Free Church, said that the bottle which was to be placed in • a cavity of . the - corner stone, contained a copy of that morning's Tasmanian Times aiid Mercury,ot the Evening Mail of the day previous, ithe People's Friend axid. also a written statement showing the occasion-of the formation «f the Churches in England. His i Excellency then proceeded-to the - etone, which he laid in the usual manner, announcing that he done so in the name of the Father, . Son, and Holy Ghost, following up the good work by laying his contribution on it, an example -which was -followed by many present.". On: .returning to. the platform TTm Excellency made, a short address, expressing his pleasone at taking part .in the proceedings, for although a warm and attached member of the Church to which he belonged, as those present were doubtless of tiieirs, he still recognised in this, colony a common tield of action in which all ,might work harmoniously, and if by, his presence there he had been able to lend a helping hand, it would be to him a source of great pleasure. The Revds Miller and Robinson, then addressed, those present, after wjiich, ihe, National .Anthem was : sung, the. large assemblagetaking part in the chorus, and prayer: being offered and. ihe benediction .given, his Excell^cy retir^apidst.thebearty cheers of all present.] At half-past,six o'clock in the evening a tea: meeting was held in the old chape), to which there could.not have.been less than two hundred, and' fifty persons sat.down. Wje may mention here that; the r^yhMdsome sum of £32 lis was raised byj subscription in the afternoon.. After tea was over; a public .meeting was held, when very satisfactory 1 accounts, of the finances were laid on the table by, the ..Secr^taiy, Mr Bothwell, showing that no lessa; sum. than five hundred - pounds bad previous to thisbeen .collected by subscription. A number , of in-; teres ting addresses were delivered by several clergy-; men and members of the congregation, and a highly instructive evening was spent. GEKIEA-L HOSPITAX.—A little girl named Riley was received into the Hospital yesterday evening, suffering from a wound on the left cheek, the result of a blow from a stone thrown by a juvenile in Molle-; street. The'wound was dressed by the Resident Surgeon, and the sufferer was enabled to leave the hospital, PHWIOIOGIGAI, MOSBUM:.—Del Sarte's Booms were open yesterday morning and afternoon exclusively for ladies, and a large ndinber availed -themselves of this opportunity of visiting the Physiological Museum, the room having been re-arranged for their reception and a lady; in att«h4ance. : Dr L.L. Smith .delivered a very interesting lecture to the ladies present at three o'clock, after.which they departed. In the even-' iugthe.learned Doctor gave the third of his -series of lectures to gentlemen,'the subject being the liver and its functions; the Anatomical ' VenuB waa again brought into requisition and the ^ various functionB'of the organ fully explained At the close of his lecture Dr Smith denied a statement which appeared in that mVhca Evening Mail to the effect , that he had withdrawn his action against the Launceston Council; he also intimated, .that the series of lectures would close on Saturday, and until then a miniature railway with all its requisites in full working order would be exhibited, and that Friday next would be a ladies' day. CHUBCH or _ ESGLAND SCNDAT SCHOOL UNIOSL-—A meeting of persons interested in the foundation of a Sunday School Union for the Church of England . in Hobart Town, will be held in St. David's schoolroom, this evening, at seven o'clock. The Lord Bishop of Tasmania will preside, and will deliver an opening address. Ladies are invited to add the influence of their presence to the meeting. INQUEST.—An inquest was held at three o'clock yesterday afternoon, at the Cascade Factory, before A. B. Jones, Esq., Coroner, and a jury, of which Mr John Warburton was foreman, on the body of Mary Storey, aged 76 years, undergoing a sentence of six months. The jury returned a verdict" of—died from natural causes, viz., chronic bronchitis. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—The lecture this; evening will be given by the fiev J. W. Sim-; moas ; subject.-—Reminiscences of the town of Newton and Cowper. The chair will be taken by Dr Crowther, M.L.C., at ha'f past 7 o'clock. TASMANIAN PUBLIC LIBBABY.—We are requested to state that the adjourned meeting of late members—proposed to be held in the board room, adjoining the Court-house, this dav (Thursday),—iB further adjourned to "Wednesday, the 21st instant, at four o'clock, 