SCIENTIFIC. SCIENTIFIC NOTES FROM HOME. (FROM OUR SCIENTIFIC CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, July 16. SUMMARY. Darwinism—The London Dialectical Society and its committee on Spiritualism— Spiritual Photographs—Tylor's Lecture on Savage Thought in Modern Civilisation— Dr. Richardson's Further Researches with the Monster Induction Coil, as Illustrative of the Effects of Lightning, signs of death in cases of lightning—Lightning Prints— Grant's Lectures on Stellar Astronomy— Direct Vaccination as Practised in France and England—Apomorphia, a new base derived from morphia, and possessing re- markable emetic properties—On the Philo- sophy of Sleep—On Improved Gasburners. In my last letter I referred to the fact that the so-called doctrine of Darwinism was gradually extending itself through out the scientific world, and had in- tended, if space had permitted me, to say a few words upon the simultaneous interest that the public mind has taken in the delusive subject of spiritual manifestations. In con- nexion with Darwinism, I may mention that a discovery has just been made in the Depart- ment de la Dordogne of human skeletons coeval with the mammoths, and undeniably appertaining to the earliest quarternary period, presenting features of such interest that the French Government has sent M. Lartet to report on the subject He states that the bones of live skeletons have been discovered, which must have belonged to a gigantic race, whose limbs, both in size and form, must have resembled those of the gorilla. But the ape origin of man must not be inferred from these analogies, as the skulls, of which only three are perfect, afford evidence of having contained very volumi- nous brains. More will doubtless soon be heard regarding this interesting discovery. The London Dialectical Society, which has recently become notorious for discussing certain subjects which are generally speaking by common consent tabooed in society (one of which it may be remembered brought Lord. Amberley to grief at the late general election), has now taken up the subject of spiritualism. A committee on spiritual manifestations has been appointed and has held several meetings. The inquiry promises to increase our informa- tion, if not of the spirit world, at least of the extent of human credulity. A Mr. Jenchen, a barrister, read a paper, in which he per- sonally attested to the lifting of heavy bodies. He saw his own piano raised horizontally eighteen inches off the ground, and kept sus- pended in space two or three minutes; a table lifted clear six feet over head above the ground; and an accordion suspended in space for a quarter of an hour, and played by an invisible agency. A Mr. Blanchard related that spirits often wanted him as a medium when he was employed in writing, aud thus caused him great interruptions. Among these spirits were those of Alexander the Great and Joan of Arc, both of whom wrote their names. Joan of Arc was asked if there was any other name by which she was known, ond she wrote "La Pucelle." Mr. Spear, a professional medium, said he did not at one time believe in spiritualism, but he found his hand moved, and it wrote, "We wish you to go to Abingdon to see David Binning." He went there and found an invalid of that name, whom he cured at the dictation of the spirits. He afterwards visited New York to lecture on geology, of which science he knew nothing. His success was so great that the professors said, "He takes up geology where the books leave off"! At another meeting of the committee, Mr. Jones, of Enmore-park, South Norwood, re- lated what he had seen last autumn at a house at which Mr. Home was visiting. A sofa behind him moved away from the wall, passed the rear of his and Mr. Home's chair, no one being near it. By the sounds and raps it said, "Mrs. — rest on the sofa." She got up and did so. He (Mr. Jones) then saw the vacant chair rise in the air, float over the lady, pass in front of Mr. Home, whose hands were on the table, and ascend verti- cally over his (Mr. Jones's) head; then the chair descended, and the under portion of the seat rested on his head. On mentally declaring himself satisfied, the (hair rose again, floated in the air, and descended on to the loo table. I have selected these cases at random, from a number of similar ones which have been laid before the committee, who are under stood to be preparing a report on the subject. It is strange that such profound natural philosophers aa Professor De Morgan and Mr. Varley, the celebrated electrician, should be found in the ranks of the spiritualists. In a trial which has taken place at New York, the knavery , and delusion of spiritual- ism have been manifested in an extraordinary point of view. One Mumler, a New York photographer, has been driving a lucrative business for some time past in taking spiritual likenesses. The device of the charlatan con- sisted in his executing photographs of living sitters, who paid an extra price for the por- trait of some lost relative or friend which should appear plainly recognisable, though in ghostly presence, on the same picture. Many specimens were produced in court—sorrow- ing widows, in decorous mourning garb, who were taken with the simulacra of their la- mented husbands rising over them; mothers, with the apparitions of departed children in their laps, looked at the court from cartes-dc visite of the customary pattern. Mumler's defence is bold enough. He insists upon the character of his photographs. He asserts the disembodied spirit takes its place by the side of the sitter of flesh and blood, or hovers in dim angelic outline over- head, as represented by by his mysterious art. The numerous witnesses in favour of, and in opposition to, Mumler's views were examined, Experts in photograqphy who had no faith whatever in spitualism swore that they had themselves prepared the plates and ad- justed the camera when Mumler took the living likeness, and that, nevertheless, the spectre came out from the negative, vague but yet visible. The mystery' was at last cleared up by the production of other photo graphers, who showed that Mumler's ghosts could be evoked in many ways, as by a lens introduced into the camera, by the imposi- tion of a positive plate upon the negative, and the transmission of light through it in the bath. &c.; Pictures, in all respects as curious as Mumler's, were exhibited in court, which had been produced by these methods. I have only seen a very brief report of this trial, and I regret to say that it concluded by Mumler being acquitted. This is only the revival of an old and apparently forgotten form of imposture, for as long ago as 1862 or 1863 Dr. Walker, of Edinburgh, exhibited, at a meeting of the Photographic Society of Scotland, some photographs which he had received from America, and which purported to be spirit-photographs. Those who take an interest iu this inquiry will find a good ex- planation of spiritual photography, written without any connexion with this trial, in the British Journal of Photography for last Janu- ary. I may mention that, in connexion with spiritualism, Mr. Tylor, the well-known ethnologist, has lately delivered at the Royal Institution a lecture of great interest, " On Savage Thought in Modern Civilisation." Two years ago he delivered a lecture on the " Early Mental Condition of Man," and deal- ing with his subject from a different point of view, he now, taking for granted a rude early condition, shows how much of savage thought exists in our most highly-civilised societies. One of the most interesting por- tions of the lecture dealt with the subject of spiritualism, an offspring of animism. This doctrine, which is now being revived among us, he shows to be universal among savage tribes. The savage, in common with the spiritualists, believes that physical effects are brought about by spiritual beings. He believes that his conjuror has special means of corresponding with these spirits which - be himself does not possess, just as a medium is looked upon by his followers as their agent with the spirits. The rope trick is an old and well-known one among the North-American Indians and natives of Siberia; Table-turning was known 150 years ago in Central Asia. The feat of rising in the air is familar in Buddhism and in the Lives of the Saints. Even rapping, as a means of communicating with the spirit world, was reduced to a system, the same as now prevails, in the middle ages. Spirit writing is practised among the Chinese as in London and New York. In short, a medium is a relic of barbarism—the introduc tion into our nineteenth century culture of the philosophy of the savage. In my last letter I gave a pretty full abstract of Dr. Richardson's researches with the monster induction coil at the Polytechnic, as developed in his first lecture. In that lec- ture the effects of three different kinds of discharge were discussed, namely— (а). A discharge produced by the simple act of charging the 150 miles of secondary wire from the battery and discharging. This is called the first discharge, and it is seen to be made up of two parts—of a thin blue intense flash, and a flaming flash, which can be blown aside. (b). The same discharge, broken by the vibrating or mechanical break. (c.) The discharge from a Leyden battery presenting forty square feet of surface aud charged by three full discharges from the coiL In his second lecture he directs attention to a fourth form of electrical discharge, which is produced in the following way:—"The jars which form the Leyden battery are removed from their box, and are placed in a line in front of the coiL They are carefully insulated, by being made to stand on a vulcanite plate. Then the outer metallic surface of the first jar is made to communicate with the inner metallic surface of the next jar, and so on through the series. We then connect the in- side of the first jar with the positive, and the outside of the last jar with the negative pole of the coil. We charge in the usual way. We see in this form of discharge the effect of intensity. The spark is not flaming or burn ing as it falls on the body, but it penetrates aud always kills. It presents to us the most fatal form of lightning stroke." Dr. Richard- son subjected a pigeon to this shock ; the animal received it without a movement. It remained afterwards precisely as it was in life ; its head was upraised, its eye bright, and its appearance perfectly that of a living bird, and yet it was dead ; and no mark was left on its body. Dr. Richardson then proceeded to discuss at length the effects of shock from lightning simulating death, and the signs of death after lightning stroke ; the marks left on the body after electrical shock, or lightning stroke, and other topics of much interest. His lecture, which is fully reported in the Medical Times, terminates with the following conclusions :— 1\. The fatality of electrical or lightning shocks is in proportion to the intensity of the shock. 2\. A lightning shock which lays the body prostrate acts with such instantaneousness on the nervous centres that, on returning consciousness, in those who are not killed by it, the reception of the shock is not remem- bered. It may be inferred, therefore, that death by the electric discharge, or by light- ning, is, as Franklin tanght, the most painless of deaths. 3\. Those discharges which by their inten- sity kill most readily leave least mark of dis tortion or external injury. 4\. In cases of prostration from electrical or lightning shock, the action of the heart may continue for several minutes after what ap- pears to be general death. 5\. There are three positive signs of death after lightning stroke—coagulation of the blood, general rigidity of the muscles, decom- position of the tissues. 6\. The external injuries inflicted on a body struck by lightning are—superficial burnings, outline impressions of hard substances worn on the body, ecchymosed spots, arborescent pencilling of veins, loss of hair. 7\. The course of lightning and of electrical force through an animal body is preferentially by the blood. In connexion with the fifth of these con- elusions. I may mention that in his lecture Dr. Richardson notices as a positive sign of death the absence of colour in semi-trans- parent structures; and as any simple positive sign of death would be a desideratum of great practical importance, With a view of preventing. premature interment I may mention how this test may be applied. If a strong light, preferentially, the magnesium light be passed through the hand, the tips of the fingers or other semi-transparent struc- ture, and the red colour which under such conditions is seen in living parts is found to be absent, this may be regarded as a good sign of death, although Dr. Richardson does not consider it as absolutely reliable. In con- nexion with appearances found upon the body after a lightning stroke. Dr. Richardson ex- presses his entire disbelief in the lightning prints which have been occasionally recorded as found upon the skin. These are often of an arborescent kind, and have been supposed to represent the picture of a tree in the neigh bourhood. He explained this phenomenon by assuming that the lightning may often strike the trunk of a vein, and then, follow ing out its minute ramifications, may occa sion a tree-like figure. As, however, images of horseshoes, cows, and other objects are re corded by good observers, this explanation seems hardly satisfactory. For further in formation on this curious subject the reader may be referred to the article " Lightning Prints," in that admirable compendium of human knowledge Chambers's Encyclopaedia. Professor Grant has just concluded a course of nine lectures on " Stellar Astro- nomy" in the Royal Institution. In his last lecture he gave the following recapitulation: 1\. The stars, unlike the planets, arc appa- rently independent of the sun. 2. The stars are variable in brightness. Father Secchi has found, on comparison, that the spectrum of the interior of the sun's spots resembles that of red stars, which contain many dark bands (such as Antares aud Aldeboran), and therefore concludes that they owe their colour to the same cause which produces the spots in the sun. All these are variable, and their variability depends upon the spots. 3. The intrinsic splendour aud magnitude of some of the stars have been proved, by the combina- tion of parallax with the results of photo- metric experiments, to greatly exceed those of the sun (Alpha Lyræ, by twenty times). 4\. The observation and study of the double stars has proved that the law of gra- vitation prevails among them ; and Struve considers that a very large number of the stars are physically double. 5. Co- pernicus considered the sun and stars to be stationary in the heavens; Halley, how ever, discovered the proper motion of the stars in space; and now the sun has been proved to be moving at the rate of 17,400 miles an hour. 6. The constituent materials of the sun and stars have been shown to be analagous by the revelations of the spectro- scope. The stars, then, are distant suns, most probably the centres of planetary systems re sembling our own. It is only on rare occasions that I shall introduce medical matters in these letters. The following points are, however, of suffi- cient interest to be briefly noticed. Vaccination from the heifer has been lately introduced into practice in France by M. Lanoi, who has been employed by the French Trans- atlantic Company to supply vaccinated heifers for the purpose of enabling the crews of their large vessels, and such of the passengers who wish, to be revaccinated. This has been done in consequence of the company having learned that a bad epidemic of small-pox prevails along 1,800 leagues of the coast of the Pacific. One of their vessels, which was returning from Panama to France, shipped a passenger who bad come from the shores of the Pacific. Twelve days afterwards the pre- cursory symptoms of small-pox appeared, and notwithstanding his isolation, all the staff of the ship, and many of the crew, took the disease, eight of the number dying. As soon as the disaster was known, the company gave directions for heifer vaccination to be per formed as each successive vessel sailed. A similar process of vaccination from the calf has been carried on by Dr. Blanc (the late Abyssinian captive) at No. 9 Bedford street, Bedford square, London. We learn from a recent number of the Medical Times that a calf is vaccinated every Thursday, aud that the real vaccine lymph on the fifth or sixth day is very effective for its purpose and not irritating. The editor of that journal watched cases vaccinated by Dr. Blanc, from the fifth to the twentieth day, and can testify to the regularity and benignancy of the vaccine vesicles produced. For thinly peopled districts, where it is most difficult to keep up a weekly succession of children, the import- ancc of a vaccinated calf from which the population can be vaccinated, will be a great boon. Preserved lymph is the bane and ruin of vaccination. In the last number of the Proceedings of the Royal Society there is a description of a new organic base recently obtained by Dr. Matthiessen, by the prolonged action of strong hydro-chloric acid on morphia. This base, to which the name of apomorpbia is given, differs from morphia as to composi- tion by the elements of a molecule of water. (The formula of morphia, according to the new atomic weights being C17 H19 NO3. and that of apomorpbia C17, H17, NO2 ) Dr. Gee has just communicated to the Clinical Society a series of important observations re- garding the therapeutic and physiological pro- perties of this remarkable substance, in which he shows that apomorphia is a certain and promptly acting emetic, and that as such it possesses the following advantages over all others at present in use. It acts in ex- tremely small doses, one tenth of a grain being sufficient when injected subcatancously to induce vomiting in ten minutes, while by mouth twice as much will act in twenty minutes. 2. It possesses no irritant pro- perries, and can therefore be injected under the skin without the slightest inconvenience. 3\. It acts with unfailing certainty. 4. The vomiting produced is not followed by nausea. When employed in larger doses it produces in animate symptoms referable to the nervous system, particularly epileptiform convulsions, preceded by great excitement, and followed by muscular relaxation and death. In one case, that of a patient affected with chronic Bright's disease, the emetic action of one- tenth of a grain of apomorphia was suc ceeded by slight and very transient delirium. Mr. Moore, surgeon to the Middlesex Hos- pital, has recently published a very interesting little work entitled On Going to Sleep, in which he discusses, amongst other topics, the causes of going to sleep and of awakening. He shows that in sleep the brain receives a lessened supply of blood. Through an acci- dental injury to the head, Sir Astley Cooper saw the brain grow pale as sleep came on, and one or two similar cases have been ob served by other surgeons. Mr. Durham, of Guys Hospital, and Dr. Hammond, a distinguished American physician; have arrived at the same conclusion by ex- periments on dogs and other animals, from which they had removed part of the skull. Sleep can be induced when no disposition to it exists by more or less arresting the cur- rent in the arteries leading to the brain and supplying it with blood. Hence the conclu- sion naturally arises that healthy deep results from a state of relative anæemia (or deficiency of blood) In the brain. Mr. Moore proceeds to show that a contractionof the arteries con- veying blood to the brain, and inducing sleep is due to what is termed, the sympathetic system of nerves, from which the carotid arteries recvyc their supply, and on which their contraction or dilatation depends. We are always complaining in this country of the badness as well as of the high price of our gas. The improvement of our light seems, however, to he in a great measure in our own hands, Very few seem to have proper ideas of the function of the gas-burner; and yet the burner is of the utmost importance as regards the clearness of the light, its bril- liancy, and the amount of gas wasted. The subject has heen officially investigated, and the report of those to whom it was referred, demonstrates the importance of getting the very best burners. The most popular burners seem specially designed to make the least of the most gas. Taking a certain standard—and that not a high one— the referees found that most of the ordinary fishtail burners gave only about 30 per cent of light, some even less than this—three pur- chased at random being found to give respec tively only 27, 24, and 23 per cent of the light which the same quantity of gas would have given from the standard burner. In two offices of daily newspapers—in which an unusual necessity for good light exists, and in which an unusual quantity of gas is burned— it was found that the burners principally in use wasted half the gas—the amount of light got from them being from 47 to 49 per cent, of what the same quantity of gas may be made to give. Then an attempt was made to find good burners. Advertisements were issued, and a large number of samples were obtained to be tested. One of these— "Snugg's New London Argand," of twenty four holes—surpassed the standard burner, by making 16 per cent. more of the gas than even that burner did. The French " Bengel Argand" is found to make 12 percent, more; while Leoni's "Standard" and his " A lbert Crutch Argand" were exactly level with the standard. None of the fish tails seem to bo as economical for common gas as the argands, though for cannel gas they are far more so; the best fishtails— Leoni's No. 8, Strode's No. 6. and Lugg's Steatite No. 6—being 26 or 27 per cent, lower in economy than the "New Lon- don Argand." The common bats wing burner, in its best samples, is of about the same illuminating power as the fishtails ; and Brommer's patent, with steatite top, stands to the " New London Argand"—now adopted as the standard—as 99 to 116. Gas consumers should take heed to these facts. 