MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A MBST UBETitTO of the provisional committee of the company Mr. Burstall ÍB TofThingTor the purpose of Establish ihg a line of English steamers ria the Cape of Good Hope, hos been held, Bnd ' progress reported. One .half the capital required to be contributed in the colony to secure British co-operation,'has been promised, and there seems to be every prospect of the scheme being at length wtis&ttogb;/jnaugurated. The arrange- ment of tbeitirtber preliminary details .ba« been left tft si aub-committee, acting in conjunction with Mr. Burstall, and Mr. G. 8. Lang, who bas beep appointed secretary, r There can be no doubt ¿bat this groat project, at which Mr. Burst**! bas worked! for years with such extra- ordinary ' perseverance, never had so favourable a hold of the public mind as at the present moment - The collapse of the «Canana line, the need for increased immigration, the demand for a low priced our! rapid passenger route, concur in persuading this community that a line «f atèamera. of the description Mr. Burstall proposés hes become an urgent necessity, and ought to be provided. The amount of capital to be contributed by Victoria is a bagatelle in view of the advantages the colony is likely to secure from , the enterprise, and we believe it will be obtained without difficulty, and realises profitable return.-Atatralañan. TBK «tory about General Grant which bas been going the rounds of the press is hot bad! I know several stories of -General Grant myself, and »hall be hippy to bring them out as Occasion -offers. The one which comes most For- cibly to my mind at the present moment -rs in reference tb paper eolian. Grant atared'two waggons loaded with paper ari, and Goneral"Dick Taylor re- turned them with a flag of truce and a letter, in which he said, " I have boiled, baked, and stewed these things, an J can do nothing with them. We cannot eat them. They are a luxury foi* which we have no use, and I would lift*», therefore, to exchange them for a like quantity of hard tack." Peruana,, on mrturo reflec- tion, you will .feel inclined to say that this charming liltle story refers more to Taylor than to Grant. Without admit- ting'your objection, but wishing to «how you that I am loaded up to the muzzle with good things, I will give you a foal I do not pretend to esy that the letter published in the leading journal is not »Iso «fact, but you may rely upon thii anecdote as strictly authentic. When tbs President-elect of the United State« was staying at bis home in Bunkum City, previous to " running " for Presi- dent, be addressed the following chara» teristio letter to his old friend and partner in arms, General Sandford -. " We is all well. Mother's got the hil Teryx, brother Tom has got the Uupir Haugh, and sister Ann has got á babee and hope these few lines will find yoi -the «ame. Bite «une.-Yours aphec .tionately, D'. S. GBANT.-Australasian JPerjpatetie Philosopher. ' I HATE only one mûre invention t< «brómele, bot it is important, being i ¡mean« by which murder ia made easy ti perform and and difficult to detect The xofteat >» not out yet, bnt I believi rt consists " bf making a slit jost abovi the eyes and blowing sir inside, bj n j>i<-1> instantaneous death ÍB secured, and ii i< said painlessly, but 1 bnve not yet mut anybody who conld spBak with certainty on that si-ore. But as life is getting cheaper every day in England, and especially in the metropolis, it ia welt to know all tho ins and outs. The police are far too much overworked in looking after the dogs to do anything rise, and the public must depend on itself. Seriously speaking, the present adminis- tration of Mr. Mayne is a disgrace to any town on the continent, lut alone the biggest city in the world, and the state of open crime, and the number and audacity of the criminals, ere giving the greatest uneasiness in all quarters. The mischief is that we are aware of thecvi! but uot of the remedy, and a« the evil grows nt a fearful rate every day so does the difficulty of dealing with it-M. Argus' London Correspondent. MABINS VELOCIPEDES.-They have got marine velocipedes in France. The first one may be seen ou the lake of Engbien, twelve miles from Paris, and was constructed at St. Denis. Imagine two enow-shoes, so to speak, held to- gether.by iron rods at a yard's distance, and between these the propelling wheel, about a yard in diameter, with paddles eight inches long and four wide. Then behind, and almost on a level with the top of the wheel, a saddle for the driver, and to the wheel on each side driving cranks for the feet, the wheel and seat covered with sheet iron to prevent wetting. Over the wheel is fixed a swivel handle of iron for the bands, and to the ends of thiB handle the tillers for the two rudders. With this simple machine, which is more diffi- cult to upset, tban a boat, and which is always ready for use, since it requires no oar« or detached pieces, a man may out- run a boat, be may carry passengers, go afishing, or drive it for pleasure or exer- cise. lt backs and turns with the slightest movement of the foot, and as the feet are always resting in place, and there ÍB no time lost, as in the lifting and adjusting of oars. The two pena soirs-we may as well make English sense of it at once-are six or eight inches in diameter, and made of ma- hogany about the thickness of book- binder's boards.-Mechanic t Magazine. A YANKEE ADVOCATE.-The follow- ing specimen of a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no comment :-" Gen- tlemen of the jury, t!ie Scripture saith, 'Thou shalt not killi' Now, if you bang my client, you trangresB the com- mand aa alick aa grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gen- tlemen, murder is murder, whether com- mitted by twelve jurymen or an bumble individual like my client having killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do so ? No snell thing, gentle- men ; you may bring the prisoner in guilty; the hangman may do his duty; but that will not exonerate you. No such tbing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is pre I pared for the brand of Cain to be j stamped upon his brow to-day ? Who, freemen-who in thia land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie-knife or, a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, yjur pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. Ton can smoke the tobacco nf rectitude in tho pipe nf a peaceful conscience ; but bang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the spinal vertebra) of four anatomical construction is turned nto a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing ! Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative! Gentlemen, I adjure yon, by the manu- mitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, tim mainspring of the tickling time-piece of Time's theoretical transmi- gration, to do no murder! I adjure you, for the love you have, for the esculent and condimenta! gusto of our native pumkin, to do no murder 1 I adjure, you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country-I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic tele- graph of Time's illustrious transmigra- tion, to do no murder! And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect tree dogs not to bark at you -if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, ciit- throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctibility, acquit ray client, and eave you country." The" prisoner was acquitted. "Tim LADIES."-At an agricultural banquet, beld theother day in Tipperary, a gentleman got up to respond to the 1 toast of " The Ladies," when a lady in the gallery called tn bim in haughty tones to sit down. The lady continued standing, fanning herself, and made a very humorous speech, hoping that there would be next year a priie for the best hushaud, who minded what his wife said to him-(laughter) -and the beBt wife who insisted on her rights. (Laughter.) The gentlemen looked well to be eating and drinking all the evening, and com Íilimenting one another, and leaving the »dies without a bit or sup. (Cheers.) 