CAPE RIVER GOLD FIELD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Upper Cape, March 28. IT has not been want of news that has kept me silent for the past fortnight, for, indeed, there is more of that commodity just now than I can well handle, and keep within the bounds of a decently long letter. But, however, I will pick out the plums from the different puddings, make them up into a small a parcel as possible, and send you. To commence with the mining pudding. The want of machinery is felt more than ever each succeeding week, and loud and deep are the growls of parties on the different reefs, who are unable to test the stone they have been working so hard to procure for many months past. This is rapidly becoming an extensive reefing district, and there can be little doubt that had we but good and powerful machinery on the ground, the quantity of gold that would be sent from here would astonish the natives. There cannot be much less than twenty reefs now being worked in this quarter at the present time (many of which possess so one really good stone), and fresh ones are being struck nearly every week. Two prospecting claims were granted last week for two new reefs at Specimen Gully (between here and the lower town), one of them being christened the Lady Bowen; their prospects are very fair, and the workers hopeful. The Commissioner comes up here on Wednes- day next, to grant prospecting claim, and mea- sure off the ground of a new reef. This is likely to turn out very well. About 10 cwt. (from the prospector's claim) was crushed at Specimen last week, by a small machine they have there (and which, by all accounts, loses nearly all the fine gold), which showed a return of 1 oz. 7 dwts — not picked stone; and there is every indication of its improving. Gold is also getting in Nos. 1, 2, and 3, south, and Nos. 1 and 2, north. I heard yesterday of a very good prospect being crushed from out of a few pounds of stone from another recently discovered, reef and where they have the stone nearly five feet thick. The reefs at Davenport are going on much the same as ever. There is a little gold getting, but the report in the Warwick Examiner that a party there had got (I think) £13,000 worth of stone is a mere fabrication, and I am sorry to see that there are some among us wilfully trying to mislead the public in other quarters. I have repeatedly warned your readers of the folly of coming up here unless they are in a position to hold out for a few months at a time; for those who are able to do so, there are worse places than the Cape River, for there can be no dis- puting that this is still a very fair field for either prospecting parties or capitalists investing in machinery. Our old friend the Abraham Lincoln is still turning out some fine stone, and giving the shareholders a handsome dividend weekly. There are a few other claims doing pretty well, but taking them as a whole, they are almost at a "deadlock" for want of steam power. Alluvial working is completely done up ; I do not think there is anyone getting as much as 5 dwts. to the load. I see that the shareholders in the prospector's claim (on the first reef opened here) have commenced puddling the surface on the claim, and I prophecy they will stumble on some good leaders before they have cleared much of the ground. Accounts from the Gilbert Ranges are very conflicting. Some who have returned pro- nounce it a "duffer." Others have a much better opinion of it. One party who went out before last Christmas got 16 ozs. out of one gully when they first arrived there — of course they thought they had "struck it," so invested the amount in rations, which they have con- sumed in the fruitless effort to find more gold. I admire their pluck, a few more like them would be a great service, just now; many par- ties are returning from that quarter, though there are many still prospecting there. I shall be better able to give you a reliable report as to the value of this new rush in a few weeks' time at latest. The escort took down over 1500 ozs. of gold last week. Not so bad, considering our great want. Now for the local pudding. I am afraid some of the plums from this will eat rather bit- ter to some. We have had a series of clever captures and disgraceful escapes of some noted scoundrels, the details of which I think worth giving you, as show- ing what kind of police management we have up here. I am sorry to be a grumbler, but I can't help it when such stupidity and neglect is being performed, to the public detri- ment. Some time ago, a well-known character called "Long Sam," or "The Grasshopper," and for whose apprehension there are no less than four warrants for horse-stealing, &c.; — and it is reported that he has taken as many as six- teen horses at one time from off these diggings alone — was flitting about and visiting a friend's house not half a mile from the Police Camp. Two constables, in disguise, proceeded to the locality one night, and happened to stumble almost upon their man, who was lying asleep in a gully, rolled up in a blanket, with a loaded revolver resting on his chest. He was secured, and sent down to the lock-up at the Lower Cape, and from which (in company with another person for for- gery) he made his escape the other night, and has not been recaptured up to the present date. In this case it appears they were con- fined in the lock- up, which is a rough log structure, unironed. By some means unknown they managed to possess themselves of a knife, with which they cut through the wooden pegs, which are driven through the posts into the logs to secure them, and then by the aid of a lever (that got by twisting the leg out of a form which was foolishly allowed them in the cell) they removed the logs and quietly stepped out, and I dare say had a good laugh at the expense of the police. At the time all this was doing there were three constables and the sub- inspector sleeping under the same roof, and a man on guard. Now, for gross negligence, I think this beats all I ever heard of. It puts one in mind of a lot of schoolboys "playing at police," catching their prisoners, and then let- ting them go just for the fun of catching them again. While on the subject of police (mis) manage- ment I might as well call attention to the police quarters up here, where sergeant Francis and two constables are lodged. I called there the other evening during a smart shower, and found the water pouring in through the roof in twenty different places. The papers connected with the office had to be rolled up in water- proof, and stowed away under the table to prevent them getting saturated. The sergeant was lying sick with fever (and had been for six weeks past) ; rigged up over his head were two tin dishes, into which the water was pouring as from a spout, and the floor was a series of pud- dles and gutters. This desirable residence is situated between the butcher's shop and a public-house, and within forty yards of three more "houses of call." Surely this is not as it should be. The temporary hospital has already received four or five patients, who are all doing well. There was a concert given in aid of this establishment last week, which passed off pretty well, and netted a fair sum. There is a stir being made to get a Local Mining Court up here, though the movement is rather late in the day. We wish it all success. Better late than never. If properly conducted it would be a benefit; but if it gets into the hands of a clique, or those who canaot put a little of their own interest aside, it would prove the reverse. Weather, fine, but showery; much cooler. Upper Cape River, April 12. When will the Government send us some one who has brains enough to put a common-sense construction on the Gold-fields Regulations ? This is fast becoming a rich, thriving, go- ahead district, but the tenure of reef-claims under the present maladministration of Mr. Charters is so frail that the majority of people are afraid to speculate their money. It is nothing but a continuation of blunders, and high time it is that the Government recognise the many complaints of the heavily-taxed miners by the sweat of whose brow the Exchequer of this colony is replenished to a very great extent. In mining operations there is nothing very great to notice this week. Harry Smith's (not Fletcher's) Abe Lincoln reef is still yield- ing a handsome return, but not 200 ozs. to-day, as a certain gentleman of the fourth estate pub- licly stated in the Lower Cape not long since, which false report was recently published in the Cleveland Bay Express with a flourish of trum- pets peculiar to the gifted correspondent of that decidedly interesting and reliable journal. Such exaggerated statements should never be allowed to appear in print except on the most reliable authority, for they only tend to mislead. The Defiance, Ross's old claim, has changed hands, and I hear is now turning out good stone. The Wheel of Fortune reef is quite up to the expectations of the prospectors. A crushing machine is badly wanted here to test the different reefs and leaders already open, and I am surprised that some enterprising capitalist does not invest in this, one of the best specula- tions open to the slow-coach moneyed men of our district. We have nothing on the ground in the shape of a crushing apparatus,— I beg its pardon — there is what was once a pestle and mortar, evidently more adapted to the Esculapian pro- fession than for quartz-crushing, but that is now in such a dilapidated condition that it is unfit for use. Our hospital, owing to the indefatigable exer- tions of Mr. Charters, is now in full working order, and patients have already been dis- charged as cured by our Dr. Cunningham, who is gaining golden opinions among the miners. Dr. Bendon, I am glad to see, has fully re- covered, and is again amongst us to relieve our sick brothers. Sickness on the Upper Cape is hardly known, but the Lower Cape and Speci- men seem to be particularly unhealthy. The hot weather has gone, and the nights are beautiful cool and pleasant, barring the mosqui- toes. All nature seems to enjoy the change. The feed for cattle is most luxuriant. The Gilbert rush is paying well. A large parcel of gold arrived here last week, and there are between two and three hundred men on the ground. There is a large extent of auriferous country now being prospected, and most san- guine expectations are held as to the result. If so, there will be a very extensive gold-field between here and the Gulf of Carpentaria. With reference to the foregoing " Long Sam" case, the Cape River Correspondent of the Cleveland Bay Express writes :— "Ye wise rulers at Brisbane, who strain at a gnat and swallow a camel, ye think nothing of taking our hard-earned money, and then hand us over to the tender mercies of Long Sam. The Govern- ment are decidedly to blame for this escape, in not providing a proper building for the safe- keeping of such notorious characters, and for not keeping a sufficient number of men to guard them. What, I ask, are six or seven constables on a gold-field, the area of which is over 70 miles ? It makes me angry when I think of it. That the Government may know they have been warned about it, I quote from my report in your issue of October 31:— "The police force is inadequate to the place. The horses are all screws with bad backs, stand about twelve hands high, and are totally unfit for service. We want a competent force, with arms and ammu- nition." This was my report six months back, and it's my report now. Again, I am informed that the police have not received one shilling of their wages this year. What have our legisla- tors to say about that ? According to the regu- lations, the police are not allowed to incur debts, and yet they get no pay for three months. We have stood this sort of thing too long. You will perhaps be surprised to hear that the Go- vernment have not even provided an office for the Clerk of Petty Sessions, who had to purchase a building a few days back, and pay for it himself. The police court is held in the room of a public-house, kindly lent by the proprietor of the Great Northern. Surely these things are grievances." A digger who some months ago left the Mount Alexander district, in Victoria, to try his luck on the "African gold-fields," writes from Natal to the Mount Alexander Mail :— "I arrived here on the 12th December. At Mauri- tius three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately escaped. We were de- tained a few days in consequence; but it mat- ters but little, I am sorry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that nearly all the re- ports we had heard regarding the gold-fields were lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by fourteen men for twelve months, during which time they have only knocked out some 3 ozs. of gold. Distance certainly lends enchantment to the view, for few here appear to know anything about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz from which he said he could get 60 ozs. to the ton, which I am sure would not produce a pennyweight. I think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely- looking stone we failed to discover the ghost of a spec, nor could we find the color on any of the lot he had. If ever a fellow deserved lynching he cer- tainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia; at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that an Englsh pros- pecting party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distance up country — quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 miles. No chance of swagging it here. It will cost £40 per man for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, provisions, &c.; consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with them. In for a penny or a pound; we are come so far and are bent on seeing a little of the country; but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again, I say, stay where you are. You remem- ber Mount Hope rush, or Mount Hoax, as it was called. There is a good deal of "ditto" about this affair, something not quite the " pure merino." By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but "it wouldn't wash." The Kaffirs work for next to nothing — 12s. per month, and two feeds of sweet potatoes per day; and, as for living being so very cheap, you can live as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing I have seen as yet — 3d. for thirty peaches, and the same amount for ten melons I will write as soon as ever I can get a chance of doing so. I wish I was back at Guildford again; catch me coming on a wild-goose chase again, thats a'll." 