THE COMING ELECTION. {From the Goulium Herald.) Ik our iBBue of the 23rd of last month we endeavoured to point out some of the qualifications that ought to be possessed -by candidates for parliamentary honours, explaining that we did so on that opportunity when no elections were actually pending because we were desirous that whatever influence our remarks might have should not bo weakened by the suspicion of partizanship on our part nor by our readers being blinded by partizanship on their own. This course we took advisedly, knowing that the utterances of the press during election times are generally set down as resulting from a desire to secure the return of a particular candidate rather than from a wish to see proper principles adhered to. At a time when there iB no candidate in the field, and when no one really knows who may offer himself for this or that electorate, this aeon sation cannot be brought against iiB. We may therefore not unreasonably hope to receive credit for being desirous only for good when we pursue the subject. Whoever may come into the field for constituencies in which this journal circulates, we shall not depart from the principles we endeavoured to lay down in the article referred to, namely, that positively essential qualifications are, first that the principles of a candidate should be as nearly as possible in harmony with those of his constituents; and next that be should possess independence, honesty, intelligence, education, a' natural liking for political studies and for public life, and the means of regularly attending to his parliamentary duties. The present parliament will expire by effluxion of time on the 24th Januaiy next; but judging from the course taken by the opposition it is not unlikely that thongh the ministry have a majority, a dissolution mil take place somewhat earlier. Henoe it is possible that the present will he the last opportunity on which we shall be able to follow up the subject without being charged with partizanship. We desire therefore to say a few words now, so that we shall have the less occasion to write on the subject hereafter. From what we can learn there seems to be i disposition to regard the public schools question as that by which the elections are to be determined. A large and influential section of the community who have been greatly oppoBed to the Public Schools Act, are understood now to have so modified their views that they no longer seek the repeal .of the act, but will be content that the regulations framed by the council shall give certain advantages to denominational schools which they do not now enjoy. But it should be borne in mind that it is the council of education, not the parliament, that make the regulations; and though these regulations certainly have to he laid before parliament, by whom they may be disallowed, yet there is no power whatever conferred npon parliament itself to make- regulations. Parliament has the right of veto only ; and .this right cannot be exercised by the Assembly alone, but the concurrence of the nonelective Legislative Council mnst be obtained. '" Moreover unlessthe council of education proposes any fresh regulations'— which they may not have, any occasion to 3o' for years to come—even this right of veto cannot be exercised, since, the present regulations have already acquired the force' of law. And assuming any new regulations to be enacted and to be disallowed by parliament, then we should fall back on the present regulations. The only way in which the desired result oonld be obtained would be by sending men to parliament who would put into office a ministry who, in making fresh appointments to the council of education, would select such men as would materially alter the present regulations. This is a very roundabout way of accomplishing the object; and it might be some considerable time before the desired changes could be brought about, since ffro of the existing members of the council have only recently been re-appointed, and the others hold office until the end of next year. On the whole therefore it seems to us UBeless to expect to regulate the present system of school administration by the result of the coming elections, unless by an actual repeal or alteration of the Public Schools Act itself. The members who might desire to modify the regulations would' soon discover their inability to do so ; and they would thus find themselves driven to choose between allowing things to' remain exactly BB they are, or else of attempting the repeal or alteration of the present law. When one considers the-degree of force attached to the objections urged against the administration of the act, one can scarcely fail to see that anyone who believed in the truth of these objections would be compelled to decide for repeal. It would scarcely seem that there could be any alternative. It rfill be well therefore in the coming elections to ponder over all this. We have endeavoured to put the case fairly as it appears to us; and for ' our own parts feel justified in saying that any talk on the hustings about altering the regulations of the council of education will really mean neither more or less than the repeal of the Public Schools Act. The candidate may not intend this at the time; but the result must be the same. This becomes still more apparent when it is remembered that the intention of the legislature was not to place the denominational schools in quite the same . position as the publio schools, inasmuch as facilities are pr6vided by the law itself— quite independent of the regulations of the council—for opening the one which are not accorded in the case of the other. But however important this question is— and we do not wish to undervalue it=—it must be borne in mind that it is not the only one to be considered. The ministry have before the country a programme—a most important one—which the electors should carefully think over. And- during the term of the incoming parliament .many other measures of the utmost consequence will have to be dealt with. From the manner in which the home authorities are now managing colonial affairs it is not impossible even that the continuance of existing relations with the mother country may have to be considered. .The question of law reform—which really means jvhether suitors are to have justioe or not—will-have to be dealt with. Our financial system still requires to be placed on a satisfactory basis. And these are only a few of many important matters, while others which no man canforesee may possibly arise. Now suppose a candidate to think as a majority of the electors think upon Aost of the subjects proposed to be dealt with by the present ministry; suppose that he entertains sound views about law reform, on the • connexion of the colonies with the mother country, on financial matters, and on important subjects generally — should we necessarily reject him because he is willing to repeal the Public Schools Act, or, as he may put it, to modify the council's regulations?—always remembering that the one expression means the same as the other. Well, yes, if we can get another candidate sound on this question and equally sound on all others. But not otherwise. Should our choice lie between ati able and honest man who differs from us on one point and agrees with us on many, and another perhaps less able and less honest who agrees with us on this one point and differs from ns on many, it were sheer folly to choose' the latter; It is however difficult to see why this one question should be made the grand,-still leiss the sole, test of the coming, eleotions. It certainly ought not to be: it is to be hoped it may not be. But if any party perforce will have it so, they must not grumble if they get ignominiously beaten or if the country shall rightly regard them as responsible for the evils that must necessarily follow from the selection of legislators • chosen solely In view of their professions on one particular- subject and without regard to their honesty, ability, or any other of the qualifications we are aocustomed and entitled to look for. A CRYSTAL GHOST.—A glates&hatfe; * A BOOK ALL TITLE PAGES.—The Peerage. A SENTENCE IN THE LANGUAGE OP FLOW- ERS.—If you wish for "heart's ease," never look to " maxry gold." His OTHER NAME.—" Boy, what is your name ?"—" Robert, sir." " Yes, but I mean your other name."—" Bob, Bir." A COMMON COMPLAINT.—A man in Manchester has got so deep into debt that not one of his creditors has been able to see him for months. THE, FASHIONS.—Lowe dresses are not likely to go out until the present Ohanoellor of the Exchequer does. - - Relations between England and America —Your mother-in-law and deceased wife's sister on their way to New York. A CktiBErr THOUGHT.—Children in their cradlesare sometimes Aid to be " as good as gold," bnt Australian . diggers generally prefer the gold in their cradles. FASHIONABLE HABIT.—Le Follet aanounces that " open bodies are very fashionable." This is a healthy fashioii, at any rate. HEEHAW.—That idiot Jones, who always "will have his joke," terms the panniers in which his children ride on the family donkey the " Wicker of Bray."—Punch. A Teturned Australian found the baby he left .at home a miss of five summers. One : day lie ofifended her, and she fre'tfully exclaimed, " I wish you had never irianiedinto the family." MES. RAMBBOTHAM: JUKIOE.—An Eton boy, her nephew, told her that when mythological pagans died they were turned intotrtars, as for eanple, Orion. "Ah," said Mrs'/ Ramebotham, junior, "it must have been a : jgreat constellation to thesnrmore. 1 ' - 