"" "SOCIAL AFFAIRS IN ENGLAND, j ~ (Written expressly for S. M. Herald J '['''. LONDON, FEIIJVUATIY 26, 1869. THE miserable and tedious Convent case, which has been dragging its slow length along during the last eighteen or nineteen days, and which is not likely to concluded before to-morrow, has wearied and Wired us with its trivial and childish details. Anything more supremely ridiculous can scarcely be aimed yet it has been allowed to throw the whole business of the country into arrears to add considerably to the proverbial delay of the law, and an enormously increase the expense of cases awaiting hearing, and all because a parcel of women, pro Se to have devoted their lives to the cause of action, could not forget their feminine instincts, but must needs employ their time in practising those arts of petty spite towards each other, in which females we say it with all due deference to the fair sex "e such adepts. One good result, so far , as the interests of Protestantism are concerned, has however, been achieved, the poetical halo which has so long surrounded English ideas) of nunnery life have been dispelled. The whole system of conventual discipline has been rendered ridiculous. The charm has been broken, and the romance of the thing destroyed. How the Roman Catholic authorities could have allowed such a case to find its way into an English law court seems inexplicable. No wonder that the Tablet refuses to give any details of the case. The weather continues exceptionally mud. In our own garden the rose trees are in full leaf, and in the south m counties whereof full-blown yellow tea-ropes making their appearance. The other day we saw . some beautiful lilies of the valley which had been im- poned from France, while as for violets, they have been sold here in the streets almost daily since Christmas. The natural result of this climatical mildness has been a considerable diminution of the sufferings endured by the poor, and a steady decrease in the amount of metropolitan pauperism. The Times has taken the opportunity to publish an elaborate Synopsis of the London charities. Although very imperfect, it covers two and a half pages of the great journal, and shows that an immense sum, counted not by thousands, out by the million is annually expended in charity upon the London poor, in addition to the provision made by the poor law, the wealthy city charities, and the numerous local charities. Looking at the various dawes, we find that more than one million of the two is devoted to the necessities of full age, and a quarter of a million to childhood and infancy. Old age receives the smallest amount, being assisted with a comparatively meagre dole of £25,000. Professional . charities stand for more than a fifth of the whole sum, of more than £400,000. Benevolent agencies connected with the Church of England stand highest in this class, and while military charities amount to £32,000, those for seaman and the navy reach £157,000. In the charities for childhood and manhood the relief of sickness occupies a sad pre-eminence ; but a third of the sum devoted to the former class is appropriated to purposes of education. Such items as furniture and repairs, rent, printing and stationery, and salaries and wages, these are the mere machinery of collection and distribution, and they reach a fifth of the whit e expenditure. If we add the portion of the house- keeping which is of the same character, there can be little question that fully a quarter of the whale ship contributed is expended on mere machinery. There is ample room for improvement ; but notwithstanding the obvious necessity for reform, the influence of secret stardom is so great, that nothing but the interposition, of Government seems capable of producing a change for the better. ' But the present Ministry are not likely to interfere ' it present. Independent of the disestablishment of the Irish Church and the reduction of the national, expenditure, they have cut out for themselves a visit amount of social legislation. In fact, one might imagine that the long anticipated millennium of social ' Reform had at last arrived. We are promised Govern is ample bills on compound rating, English endowed schools, National education, repression of crime], licensing, county finance, pauperism, equalisation of metropolitan taxation, bankruptcy, scientific education, and we know not what besides. Then the private members are unusually active. Mr. Locke King desires to legislate on Primogeniture, Mr. Hughes on Sunday Trading, Sir W. Lawson on the liquor Trade, Mr. R. Gurney on Married Women's) Property, the Solicitor. General on University Tests, Mr. P. Chambers on Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister, Mr. P. Taylor on the Payment of Members!, and Mr. Fawcett on Election Expenses. Mr. M'Lngan and Lord Elcho have rival bills for the amendment of the Scotch Game Laws, and Sir G, Jenkinson and Sir M. Lopes both demand inquiry into local taxation. Sir H. Bulwer, Mr. Berkley, and Mr. Leatham have till notices on the paper about the Ballot. Very little has however, yet been done; and there are not wanting people to predict that the question of Irish Church disestablishment will, like Aaron's rod, swallow up all others. J ' ' ' I \- The present outgoing mail takes out tidings that will cause huge rejoicing in the Australian protect tionist camp. There have been rumours of heresies ' among our Lancashire freetraders., ( It has been asserted that many of the Manchester cotton main-! features are, hankering after a return to the old pro4 tectionist system. It is very old, in the face of witness reports, to find papers, like theStaHt/arrf, which, some) two-and- twenty years ago were to be found stoutly) ' maintaining protectionist doctrines now as persistently! . insisting the free trade must continue to form the] national policy, that the present state of things, of which the Lancashire cotton-spinners so bitterly complain, is not due to the operation of free trade prin- cities. Not a bit, of it. Listen to the Standard;: i "For ourselves, we consider the discussion upon the point whether free trade is answerable either for the decay of corn farming, or of our cotton industry, to be altogether irrelevant and superfluous.' Other questions have arisen, and have to be dealt with A political convulsion has partially; driven us from our old market of supply; natural changes tend to narrow market of demand. We possess resources whence to deliver the beans of coping with both difficulties. But, if, those economists who, once announced a never ending era of national good luck are disappointed because the impossible is not yet easy,' surely we may, remind them that whatever else free trade might be, it was not the Philosopher's Stone, and that, however, grateful we may feel for the commercial convention with France, it was not' expected by reasonable men to keep all the mills of Lancashire going in face of an American civil war, or to prevent depression of trade under the most hostile of industrial influences." ' ' . Such a declaration from such a quarter speaks volumes. But, unfortunately for those who believe in the reappearance of the ghost of' Protection, the possibility of Manchester proving a renegade to free I hade doctrines is very remote. That- there, are professed free traders, who in their hearts-are thoroughly protectionist, is as true as is the fact' that we have nominal Liberals who at the bottom are hearty Conservatives, but these very exceptions only prove the universality of the rule. The mere whisper of a desire to return to protectionist times instantaneously provoked such a general chorus of indignation that the promoters of the movement have refused to face IT lUx,S of probation so incautiously raised by them. England is free trade to the backbone. At this very moment, with trade reviving in all direc- tions, with the prospects of commerce hourly brighten- ing! nothing can be more foolish, more preposterous, yan to imagine this country could be induced to abandon the policy introduced by Richard Cobden and inaugurated by Sir Robert Peel. the inaugural dinner of the Colonial Society is to of MR '"e a'Willis'Rooms, on Wednesday, the 10th of l t? movement is said to be more success. I was in? 1788 at first anticipated but it is noticeable j k. A Indian element predominates largely over I we AuB'ralian. It is, moreover, complained that the f, Kron IS too exclusive in character, and does not, "use the want so often complained of, and which it w been so frequently attempted to meet, namely, an nmf{,-lan,Club' The dinner club for Australians, to,. s? , used in the Strand, may possibly lead to Z !.fcta^l6hment of a club of the desired character, has., a Most' of PMt efforts is far from encouraging, and. !ï'rahan8 acting in this country like to tmW c Part of Indian Nabobs, and to live like white; as, a peoPle care HuIe for club life. and come from Sir P' *hCte are the necessary funds a allhcLv,"?-8?'!.011 movement continues to progress. I , 'enough little has yet been done in the way of send- ! entertain EVE'S' there being a Ruerai desire to GovrCent I TO "was W be taken the ' I The NZ 1 ensure K80rt>u8 a active measures. field- as.., Emigration associations in the Brush and TK VTBInioa Aid Society, the samples? Colours Energetics Fund, and the hyLorfÄ»nn-Coi"mitte<r An attempt, initiated . Prowler of d'18 about to be made for the Purse 2 Airacobra nT'g'¡Ttion of these, so as to ob- ' 'her tones"?- R.e<*"tly there was a meeting, or <heMVnsLnUCe,0i the tw" former organisations at sale on was under the Presidency of the Lord moved "T iC,v,0CCÄ81?n Sit T' F Buxton,' Bart., CB wsistaneelrf 7Í8¡Ine"lnE »^opiníonthat afford Peps precaution? for"! ? British colonies' The precautions, IS satisfactory method of relief ? [fing the distress existing amongst deserving unemployed workpeople and their families." This was I seconded by the Hon. Mr, Fitzherbert, who spoke strongly in favour of emigration to Aus 1 trains and New Zealand, declaring the removal of our surplus population to those countries to form one of the most effectual remedies for pauperism. Mr. Torrens wished the whole affair to be established on a commercial basis, and deprived of if B pauper character. Mr. Alexander McArthur spoke to the same effect. He pointed out the importance and necessity for the exercise of prudence in the selection of emigrants, stating that it would not do to send out broken-down paupers, or men with large families of young children, to land without means, and become chargeable upon colonial charity. He also insisted that care should be taken not to send too many skilled artisans to any particular colony. If the promoters of the movement would turn their attention to young men and -A omen, or newly married couples, who could act as farm labourers or domestic servants, and who were both able and willing to work, they would be conferring a benefit not only on the mother country, but on the colonies also. The general opinions of the meeting, which was of a most influential character, coincided with those expressed by Mr. M'ArtbAir, and there appeared to be an almost unanimous desire that communications should be opened with the various British colonies, for the purpose of ascertain- ing how far they were disposed to assist in the scheme. There exists here an impression that the great majority of the colonial population are against further immigration, and this impression has been strengthened by the revelations contained in the letters published in the controversy between Mr. Verdon and "U.E. W.," in.the Standard. If the statements of the latter writer, said to be the late editor of the Melbourne Argus, are correct, Mr. Verdon's mission to Europe, so far as promoting an influx of European population to Victoria is concerned, must be a mere sham. , Unfortunately, the tone of Mr. Verdon's counter statement seems to afford some grounds for believing that an extensive increase of population from the northern hemisphere is not particularly desired by the Victorians. We do not know whether the predilections of the colonists of New South Wales run in the same direction, but to us it appears a matter of regret that neither the Robertson nor the Martin Ministry should have yet seen their way towards establishing a sound and efficient system of immigration from the mother country. Such a favourable opportunity as the present does not often occur, the class of unemployed whom, we are desirous of sending out being the very kind of which the colony is, according to most reliable accounts, largely in want. Cannot something be done by the present Ministry before it is too late. The cultivation of sugar is a question attracting attention here as well as in Australia, only while our Antipodean brethren are talking of obtaining the saccharine delicacy from the sugar-cane, we are here discussing the probability of remuneratively procuring it from beet. The ideals a very old one, nevertheless it is being paraded in the newspapers, as if it was something novel and had not previously been heard of. Works and machinery for the preparation of sugar from beet have been erected at a cost of more than £0000, at Lavenham, in Suffolk and there is mention made of similar works to be established elsewhere, the movement being accelerated by the advancing price of sugar, occasioned by the deficient supply from Mauritius, Cuba, and other places. The extent of this deficiency may be inferred from the fact that in Demerara the drought has been so excessive, that not half the usual crop is anticipated ; while the yield in Mauritius is only 75,000 tons, or 40,000 tons less than last year. But the growers of beet have here serious difficulties to contend with, from which the Australian cane cultivators are free, not the least of these difficulties being the rapidly increasing value of land, in all parts of the kingdom. Nor is the example of the French and other continental,producers of beet very encouraging. To this day, notwithstanding the assistance repeatedly afforded by the French Government, and the large number of concerns-over 300-engaged in this particular kind of industry, the French beet sugar has never succeeded, commercially speaking, in competing with cane sugar. And if the manufacture has not succeeded in France, where every possible assistance was afforded it, and where land is comparatively cheap, why should it be thought to be more certain of success in a country where those conditions are reversed The promoters of beet cultiva- tion die, off with great stress on the fact that the application of town sewage to the best fields, tends to increase the sugar-producing capabilities of the root. This is perfectly true. At the same time, the use of sewage as manure is found to improve also every other kind of field produce, a circumstance which may possibly lead our colonial brethren to devote their attention to the utilisation of sewage more largely than is possible in this country, where; the power of vested interest is continually impeding the progress of industrial improvements, whether in manufacturer, agriculture. - ] Another subject of Anglo, colonial interest is that of improved silk supply. One of the must formidable obstacles with which the English silk manufacturers' have had to contend has been the precarious nature of the supply of raw material required by them.' This] combined with the repeated changes of fashion, has tended to impart an unstable character to the whole trade. That, with an improved supply of the raw material, the silk trade is capable of great improvement, seems to be admitted by nearly everyone of , experience in the matter. Dr. J. Forbes Watson, in a letter to Mr D. Chadwick, M.P., states that, in his opinion, there exist excellent reasons why the English silk trade should occupy a more important position 1 than it has hitherto done. The-field iswitleand "most, worthy of cultivation. We have plenty of capital, and can command the best appliances, and there is no reason to suppose that the requisite artistic skill, upon which so much depends, will be- wanting c-our manufacturers having begun to perceive the importance of this. Dr. Forbes also points out that the J precarious character of, the silk supply has. been increased by the failure of its cultivation in France, the effect of which has been to render that country, more dependent upon foreign sources' of supply, and so help in some measure 'to equalise, as it were the elements of competition between its" manufacturers and those of this country. It seems to be becoming . daily more clear that we shall have to look more and more to the silk- producing capabilities of Australia, j Hence it was that at the preliminary meeting of the ? newly formed Silk Supply Association, Sir Daniel Cooper was present," by special request, as; the representative of the infant colonial in dustry. The Association has been formed for the purpose of stimulating the production! of silk, by cottage cultivation and otherwise, in every country where the mulberry tree is capable ' , of giving food to silkworms to encourage the intro- ¡ 'duct ion and exchange of the eggs of the best kind of! silkworms in silk producing districts is to offer practical suggestions, and encouragement to the producers i of silk for improving the quality, and securing a better classification and for ensuring a greater care in the ' feeling of the silk to promote the exportation of 1 ! cocoons from countries not well able to read them and 1 to communicate with the foreign, colonial, and Indian departments of the British Government, and to obtain the aid of the English representatives in the British colonies and consular agents in all foreign countries to promote and extend the cultivation of silk. Sir Daniel Cooper described the east coast of Australia as I being eminently suitable for the development of silk A cultivation, and assured the Association that it might I rely on the cordial assistance of the various colonial, Governments in disseminating information on the subject among the colonists. If what Sir Daniel ' Cooper stated be not exaggerated, the Australian silk j cultivators have a brilliant opportunity for securing a j prominent position in the European market for their produce. After alluding to sugar and silk, it would be most unfair to omit the question of preserved Australian meat. The subject has again been brought under the notice of the English public ; this time by Mr. John McCall. of Houndsditch, on behalf of the Australian Meat Company and the Melbourne Meat Preserving Company, at a grand banquet at the Cannon-street Hotel, the large hall of which is one of the largest and most splendid in the metropolis. The company included many leading Australians, members of Parliament, literary men, merchants, and persons of influence. The banquet was of the usual description, the leading feature being the substitution of Australian meat for English produce. We subjoin a list of the 'entries :- Cemeteries de mouton aux petits pois, late- letters de mouton 1 la Reforme, kari de mouton en casserole, rissoles de mouton au vermicelli, chartreuse de mouton aux legumes, petites piece de bouf, scallops de about it la Lamande, satellites de bouf aux tomatoes,, kebab byeza. Of these dishes the mutton ex lets were the most approved of, but they had an overdone taste and lacked flavour. The relieves included braised beef and onions, roadsides of beef à la jardinière, boiled boned legs of mutton, roadsides of mouton en haricot, raised French pies of mouton, beefsteak pies and puddings, &c.; also a round of beef exhibited in the Great Eight bition of 18in. The second service comprised Call for Union jelly, Geelong jelly, Melbourne cream, Victoria steady, Australian puddings, Australian waffles, and Australian cheese. The drinkables included various descriptions of Australian wines, chiefly from' South Australia. The preserved meats seemed to be generally regarded as eatable, but their lack of favour, owing to the separation of the juices from the fibrous matter, will place them at a disadvantage in the market, even when competing with fresh English meat at a far higher price. The problem of bringing fresh meat from Australias yet to be solved, although so much has been done towards producing that effect. The introduction of the Australian wines, commercially regarded, was a mistake. They are said to be too light and shade for the English market, and can be appreciated only during the summer season, when people are too thirsty to find fault with what they drink. Another drawback was the fact that they were placed on the table in juxtaposition with samples of the choicest continental port and sherry, and could not but suffer by the contrast. The other speculators in Australian meat continue busily at work. By the time this letter will have been dispatched, the apparatus now being constructed under the superintendence of Mr. Morris, of Sydney, will probably have become completed, and then we shall have a chance of ascertaining how far it is likely, to become efficient. The most notable experiment in connection with the attempt at popularising the animal products of the Australian plains has been that just made by Mr. Tallerman. About a fortnight ago, he provided a dinner for about fifty persons employed in the great engineering works of Messrs. Penn and Son, at Greenwich. The meal, though simple, appeared to be relished by the company generally and several of the persons present ordered some" of the meat, so that they might try it for themselves. The cost of the whole, exclusive of bread, was seven shillings and sixpence, at retail prices! The dinner was brought down in a " Norwegian stove ;" and, though put in before 11 o'clock, and not taken out till after I, was quite hot when put upon the table. It is by such experiments as these that Australian meat is most likely to be brought successfully under the attention of the masses. It must be remembered that up to the present moment no attempt has been made to extend the sale of the preserved meat outside London. In the manufacturing districts, with their hundreds of thousands of population, Australian meat is utterly unknown, save by name Tons upon tons of preserved meat might be readily disposed of in Lancashire and Yorkshire, were such a man as Mr. Tallerman to be employed by the various colonial meat-preserving associations for that purpose. for Australian meat is to secure a place in the market, those interested in the matter had better lose no time, for the South American graziers, alarmed at the rapidly increasing popularity of the Australian produce, have been energetically seconding the efforts of Mr. Baillie Cochrane to commence a traffic in South. American live stock, the consequence being that within the last few days a cargo of about fifty head of South American cattle have been landed" in an English port I Will Australian dead meat be enabled to maintain its own against South American live meat ? That is the question. ! The cessation of the Australian mail- service via Panama has taken every one by surprise, it being thought that the arrangements made by the new directors would have been successful in averting the catastrophe. Mr. Purday has taken advantage of the opportunity to again bring before the public the necessity for combined colonial action if we are to have an improved mail service, at least once in each fort- night. The present arrangements are very inconvenient, especially to the great bulk of correspondents, the letters received via Southampton generally anning too late to be answered in less than a month. For instance, the letters forwarded from Sydney by the present here mail will be de livered in the country this afternoon, while the latest date for despatching letters from the provinces to Sydney, via Marseilles, was last night, thus occasions mg a delay of five months between the dispatch of a colonial letter and the receipt of the answer. Surely, this is a condition of affairs not to be endured much longer. The Melbourne correspondent of the Times alludes to the probable formation of a " British and Australian Steam Navigation Company," for "some bining a postal and passenger communication between England and Melbourne, via the Cape of Good Hope, The idea is somewhat similar to that entertained by several Transatlantic speculators-men who are extremely keen in discovering possible chances of profit! but it must be remembered that the objections made by passengers to long sea voyages are continually on the increase, find that with the imp proved service between Paris and Brindisi the journey from London to Alexandria has become both shortened and cheapened, thereby reap dering the overland route more popular than ever and almost confirming the prediction of the Sydney correspondent of the Times, who, unlike his Melbourne contemporary, is in favour of the Suez! routes If the projected company were, however, to direct their attention to the abandoned Panama line, which after all, seems destined to become the great channel of intercommunication between the two hemispheres] it seems more than probable they would reap the harvest sown by the unfortunate Panama Company. 1 The reported cures of snake-bite in Australia have attracted much attention here, but the English medical profession do not seem to think anything of Professor Halford's alleged discovery. Most of them declare that there is nothing, in it. At the same time they omit to mention that want of experience or knowledge on their, part in snake-poison deprives their verdict of any value. It is to the Indian medical profession that we must look for any reliable information on the matter, and this we are likely to receive" within the next few days. The, great point ,-, which, has perplexed our medical, men. here is" as to, how far the bites-would'.have been fatal, had not Professor Halford's remedies been: applied ; also, whether the remedies previously administered! might not have had some share. in occasioning the cure of the sufferers. Our new Police Commissioner, Colonel, Henderson, CBE is not unknown at the antipodes. From 1847 to 1860, a period of thirteen years, he was in the convict establishment in Western Australia. The appointment to the post rendered vacant by the death of Sir Richard Mayne BeamS to be everywhere approved of. He is certainly a most energetic man, and seems fully capable of bringing our Metropolitan Police system to point of efficiency which it has never yet attained, The South Australian Government appears likely to become involved in rather costly litigation. The English shareholders of the North Australian Company (limited) have worked themselves into a I state of exasperation at the policy of the Adelaide authorities with respect to the Northern territory, They have fully endorsed the decision of the directors in refusing to accept the terms offered them by the ) South Australian Government, and the accompanist ment of that refusal by a demand for the repayment, with interest, of the purchase money of the land j s? orders held by the company. In the circular now 1 lying before us, the directors state that, should the South Australian Government refuse payment, it may j be requisite to obtain the decision of the Courts of law in the colony, and possibly that of her Majesty's I Privy Council, upon the question. If the colonists ? are wise, they will make an effort to settle the dis- ' pute, without allowing it to proceed to a point which may involve the waste of thousands of pounds which could be usefully devoted to colonial purposes. An instance of the suspicion and jealousy with I which commercial appointments have become regarded ' here since the recent financial revelations in connec- ' tion with Overend, Gurney, and Co., and other companies, is to be found in the recent refusal of the shareholders of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank to elect Mr. Robertson, notwithstand- ing his acknowledged integrity and numerous quali- a fications, as a director, the grounds of refusal being the bankruptcy of the firm with which Mr. Robertson had been associated. When shareholders begin to be so particular, the office of director will confer an influence and importance hitherto scarcely dreamed of. J ' .' ? ' JOHN PLUMMER.""" j 