America. According to tho Amerioan papers Qenoral Grant baa expressed himself strongly against tho Alabama treaty. The Kew York Tribuna quotes thc following, as "nearly" tho Genorol'a own words:-"Tho treaty is unjust to the United States booause it aasumca to measuro injury inflicted upon this country by money relue of ships actually destroyed, whoreos the chief damago to our commerce was in our ships being drivou from the Gena by Anglo-rebel pirates In addition to this, the sympathy extended by tho English Government to the South prolonged tho war at loast a year, and for all lives lost and monoy oxponded for this limo England is dircotly responsible The treaty proposes to sottle all theso things by thu payment of tho paltry value of a fow ships. Anotnor version of tho General's worÍB, somowhat different in form, but substantially tho samo in effect, appears in tho Now York Timos. Tho Now York Tribuno of tho 20th, in an editorial on the subject, saya: " Wo do notboliovo tho treaty on tho Alabama claims which Mr Rovordy Johnson negotiated over had a ghost of a ohanco to pass tho Sonato; but tho country will not tho lees rejoico in the evidence affordod thia morn- ing that tho hoad of tho next Administration filiaros tho popular foiling concerning it. Gonoral Grant takes tli3 broader viow of English liabilities, which, uttering only tho almost universal feeling of .tho Amerioan people, we havo already on forced. No miro list of .-hipi actually destroyed by English-built priva* lcerB can corar our claims. Tho commorco of tho United States Ttaa swept from tho teas by British agencies, and that is the measuro of British liabilities,'' To thia tho Timos tho following dayroplicB: "' No moro list,' says tho Tribuno, ' of shipBOotually lioitroycd by English- built privateers can covor our claims. Tho e mmorco of tho Unilod SUtoo was swept ficm tho Eo.ts by British agencio*, and that ia tho measure of Briliah liabilities ' Wo respectfully eub mit .that euch a olaim as that connut, ho settled by money, no matter how largo tho amount. Tho injury won national, and waa attended by national insult as well as damago ta our national commerce ; and tliero is no other way of redressing it but by wur. If thia ia what io wanto!, why not Bay BO at onco ? Why have wo wa tod three or four years in diplomaoy ? Why has not Oongrcsi dono something in this direction, if the Exscu ive ívfujod ?" A potiliou to tho Senate against tho confirmation of the Alabama Ti caty lins boon placad ut tho Merchants' Exchange Boston, for sic natures. Tho petitioners toy-"Thia so-sallcd treaty proposes to pul upon tho Mino footinp; tho chums hy Urit'idi rubjcct i wlrioh '?.-.ve sri :i nil'"- i tt il; .v v. . wo ...'» !n v.-,:;>vil tn cr.litir.iv YCCBclo, ly vessels und arrnamont which left British ports under tho protection of tho British flag, nnd burned American ships upon the high seas without toking t'icm into port for condemnation, and without any action being takon upon tho part of tho said British Government when these atrocities wero laid before it to prevent tho same, but, on tho contrary, theso pirales wero everywhere rcc.ived with rejoicings whoa visit- ing British ports ; and when the notorious builder of one cf them boasted of the eamo in the British Parlia- ment-of which ho was a member-ho waa received with cheers nnd expressions of eatisfaet;on. Thia show, in tho opinion of your mernorialis's, tho animus of the British Government towaids tho Go vcrnmont of the United States." 