THE MISSION OFTHECHURCHES. Varieties of form do not in the smal lest degree hurt the essential union of all, churches which hold, with fidelity; and practical earnestness, the truths of the -Gospel of Christ, Never was there a, greater or more dangerous error than was committed, when unity of faith was first allowed to stand aside for the ,r sake of uniformity in, ecclesiastical constitutions. With that error living Christianity gave up the ghost, and- everything went wrong spiritually and outwardly. It is one of Rome's funda mental heresies. It has too often been the heresy of Protestant churches. Certainly in iliis respect there has been a great improvement among evangelical professors ' during the last century. Church forms are now regarded much more in the light of convenient instru mentalities than as essentials of faithful profession. This change restores the Gospel to its place of supreme authority, as the guide of actions moral and religi ous, and as the source of all happy experience in the souls of believers. We are new left at liberty, without vain jangling, to cultivate fellowship with all " who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity." ' This putting of church forms in their proper place of subordination gives them their true value, and clears them of the guilt of counterfeit pretensions. One form may be really better than another, because better adapted to the only ends to which it ought to be direc ted. In some positions too, or relations of external society, one form may be preferable to another. And it may even be allowed that all may have some excellencies, and all some defects, so that' they might learn from each 'other. Scripture leaves the people of God: to' the exercise1 of their reason in this department, and is wonderfully ' elastic in matters of detail. It is only Anti- Christ who must be rigid in such' mat ters -because they are the whole of his religion. Christian people have some thing infinitely better to constitute their unity. But whatever their forms may be,- Protestant and Evangelical Churches ' have all one mission. They are conser vatories of the Word of God, and they are; to be its heralds. : It is committed to'their custody, to be kept unadultera ted,- undefiled, undiminished. But it is not committed to them to be kept in cloisters, or shut up in dark rooms, or in. musty libraries. They are to propound and promulgate it, and by it they are to " shine as lights in the world." This truth is admitted as a general principle among the professing people of the present age, perhaps more than it, was ever admitted in any age since the Reformation became quiescent. Nevertheless, as it has two sides, the responsibility implied is not always equally felt on both. The preaching of the Gospel in churches, or within the enclosures of existing congregations, or? at the utmost within- what may b© called the boundaries of mission fields, so that: it be done fjilly andicarefully, isiby a large number of, persons held to be quite , sufficient to fulfil, the obligation incurred ; by -the possession of the sacred deposit 1 Beyond all question this is one mostiiii-. perative branch of the duty. Without', this the Christian people themselves, could not- be edified, nor could conver sions be effected by the truth, nor could any holy influence be exerted by either the ministry or the people. The churches would be dark both -within and without, and would deserve to be destroyed. : ' But the' other side of the obligation is far less extensively admitted. The Church is an aggressive as well as a con-' seryative institution. It is to make in cessant assaults upon all the fortresses' of the kingdom of darkness ; and it fatally errs if it forgets, as it too often does, this part :of its commission. The entire earth belongs to Christ the Re deemer, and every position of his foes is therefore ;to bo won for him. Nothing' can exist in this world not, for him,, and yet not against him. No neutral' ground is possible, for lie claims it all 'by virtue of. both a divine and a mediatorial right. His churches-are in it, therefore, to make, conquests, to acquire for- him the terri tory that surrounds them till hot a foe be left in it. In spreading the . Gospel, abroad, therefore, they - are not to be- quiet waiters, till' of itself that Gospel shall throw its light into the dark for tresses of sin and error, hut they aire themselves to be active in throwing , it in, by making such breaches in them as they can. Thus did the Apostles as the earliest representatives. of the churches. They directly preached against paganism and Judaism,, shewed tlio- vastness. of- their errors, and put., truth, with all its divine energy, in their places. The qiiiet notion of just preaching the Gospel' merely to as many as might chance to hear, was not their plan. . They went into -the midst of heathenism on purpose, by direct efforts, to overthrow it. In the same way the great reformers of the sixteenth century acted; by tongue and pen — witness the celebrated theses1 of Luther, with which his part in the Re formation 'began. There was a direct assault upon' the chief principles of the apostate Churcli. He followed the same course till the end. So did the' other Reformers, both on the continent and in Britain. ' . ; : It is wonderful how the churches can have come to feel as if this part of their mission we?e suspended,, 'or' ended."/'We, conceive that neither sin, hor irreligibn nor damnable error, should be allowed to exist without perpetual molestation- within the reach of any church'. ' Gospfel - truth is not so modest and retiring, so , courtly and good-natured a thing,, as;to shrink or hide its face in. the presence or; at the bidding of a- nun or a priest.' ''It' is not of a temper , to look, quietly ! qiu while holy water is being sprinjilefl pyei'I stones and prostrate votaries., ( Lt .will: not at. ease endure that false ' crosses1 should draw all attention; away frpin!,the: true, or that priestly, a-hsplutioii nhouidv supersede the absolution: of ; Jesus - ; Christ. » It - is far from. being enough: :to, fulfil the ends- for which; "churches'5 jare instituted, that 'they .ptreach fih: unstirriiig.' tones. Christian. fofniuiasside,-, by side ;with, stiie. walls , of ithe Rtiinish: hierarchical pqmp. ; : ' The' whole system > of Rome must be 10,1 hare to Shew to ; the people, its ' votaries aiid all ' ' others, the foul; rottenness, which --'pondersiiit; morally pestilential. -The Gospel ; must I .indeed be preached,. hut So as -to jsliMv? that it can never he rcconcired'Syith' suclf - ! thiiifrs as tiiasri. All +,1ia p.vils wlvinli ik . has to cure must he brought - into' con- ' tact with it that it may cure 'them; ' ' The p ress, for this great mission, 'is:as ' available as the pulpit. - God has':, put; this wonderful power into the: hands iofi the .-whole Churcli to 1 use ' for him'.; Luther did far more vvith - tlio' pinss' than by preaching.' 'it,, was '.fliisr!':hy7 which Germany, and the neighbouring-! countries, were enlightened to -bast poiL Romanism. It is this ' by which the Bible reaches the dark places bf the earth, and .the, darker hearts' pf men. It- is this which is making . known the Saviour in Spain. Sixty places, says the Archbishop of Canterbury in; his St. Paul s Sermon for the B. and F. Bible Society — sixty places open in Spain for. the sale of the Holy Scrip tures ! We think too little of such facts,, but they are pf immense value.; they are the Reformation over again. Why should irreligion and error, vice and superstition, be smiled upon by us in our immediate neighbourhoods; and dealt with so lightly, while in Spain and Italy we.'gldryl(to see' the New! Testament:, win-; ning its' way fo an absolute triumph ? Apostdlic : Christiaiiity inefc the sui'-: founding Paganism in' direct antagonism; conquered it, and drove it from Europe.- What ' Apostolic Christianity was then, Evangelical Christianity !is how, with tlie same mission. What Paganism was. to' the whole Church of .Christ then, Romanism is to the: same Church. now — it is ancient Paganism arrogating to itself the Christian name, and pervert ing Christian facts, and is therefore Worse. If Paganism, as of old, were ;at. our very doors no one would doubt that: we.should der.l with itfas the Apostles did. This Paganism. in false guise, and with our own name falsely written upon, it, is suffered to be at our very, doors, with small effort to remove it, with posi tive efforts to defend it. Are, the churches then fulfilling their mission? The dread of what is called "prosely- tism" has surely bewitched them. What would be the effect in Christen: dom, if evevwhere at once the false no tion, that. Romaiiism is a form of Christi anity, or is less pagan than -Paganism ' anciently was, were exchanged for a true, estimate of that fearful thing ? What,' if in ail Churches at once a reformation ; spirit were at once rekindled, and it were felt by all Christians that by preaching and writing, and by every means, an un sparing warfare liiust he carried on. till this dire foe ceased to exist ? Then tlio preaching of tlie Cross would again shew its marvellous power. Let all ho assured that Romanism cannot stand in. the day when Christian argument is fairly and earnestly used. 