PARKES'S EXAMINATION. Mr. Punch saw in yesterday's Herald a statement of the evidence already given before Mr. Macleay's committee. The Herald's report is, as usual, quite erro- neous. Mr. Punch's stenographers have furnished him with the following examination of Parhes himself By the Chairman: What is your name ?—Witness: Henry Parkes. Do you produce everything in your possession concerning the Fenian con- spiracy ?—I do. I produce a turnip scooped out, a short pipe, a white sheet, and a file of the Kiama Pilot. You were Colonial Secretary at the time of the occurrence at Clontarf ?— was. What did you do on heaving of the Prince's attempted assassination ?—I at once bought and read eagerly the Castle of Otranto, various works on demonology, the Night Side of Nature, and several elaborate treatises on ghosts. I then enrolled myself as an honorary member of the detective, police force ; and asked one of the equerries, whether the Prince, who was then supposed to be dying, had ex- pressed a desire to see me. Did you learn that H.R.H. had, in his delirium, mentioned your name ; and, if so, in what way ?—I did. I ascertained that in a moment of in- sanity, H.R.H. had remarked to an at- tendant, " Why the devil didn't the fellow shoot Parlies ? " What did you do next ?—I visited the prisoner, taking with me the re- porting staff of a daily paper, and di- rected my messenger to see that none of my colleagues came into my public office during my absence. Did anything happen on your way to gaol ?—Yes. The hansom cab driver, whom I had engaged to drive me to Darlinghurst, and to whom I gave eighteen pence, made use of an expression which left no doubt on my mind that he was a member of a damn- able Fenian organisation. What was his expression ?—On leaving his cab at the gates of Dar- linghurst, and placing the eighteen pence in his hand, he remarked, in a low grumbling tone, " This 'era's nice pay for transformin' a cove's 'ansom into a prison van" I took his number on the spot, and had his hansom watched by four detectives. Having seen O'Farrell, what did you do next ?—I again called to see the Prince. I had heard that he had been enquiring whether I had friends in New Zealand ; and on ascertaining that I knew some people there, H.R.H. promptly announced his intention to return to England direct. Why did you make the assertions contained in your Kiama speech ?—For the purpose of awakening a general public interest in questions of spiritual- ism, and producing harmony of opinion and action among discordant sections of the people. Is it true that you offered a confiden- tial appointment in the public Treasury to Myers, alias Miller, alias Hallam ?— I decline to answer any questions tending to compromise the repuutations of distinguished men. Is it a fact that you contemplated get ting rid of Egar, and putting Mr. Bene- dict in place of the former distinguished person ?—I had never fully resolved to carry out that idea. Did you intimate to anyone, that a powerful administration in the present state of public feeling, could be formed by yourself, Benedict, Myers, Professor Mac and the Ghost, with Windeyer as both Crown law officers ?—I decline to answer that question. Why did you not communicate to your colleagues any of the intelligence you had received about the existence of a Feniair conspiracy ?—I had not suffi- cient confidence in their discretion. I suspected Martin to be an Irish patriot. disguised as a Native loyalist, while Eagar I looked upon as excessively doubtful, and Wilson I regarded as an adventurer, who, if Fenianism could command a working majority in the Assembly, might become a " Head Centre " at any moment. — Sydney Punch. 