?rORTY S HILLINGS ;AND COSTS. I n.vD been all day trying to get from Aye^ minster 'to Chelchestor by a country lino, a London lino, and a branch line of railway. Iii- tlio first placej'ns the country lino only ran three ' trains' n ' day, passenger and goods together, necessitating weary shunting* at every station, we could hardly be said to have made a good start. ... In . the , next place, the strategic arrangement whereby ??tho- London line managed invariably to start its trains five minutes before, the arrival ;'of .'the , 'lup;'^ country train, making us wait for two. hours' at Marlbury Junction, /to spite, tho country company, scarcely tended- to- rapid' progress. In the third. place, as it always happens t»r-bo tho aim of a traffic-manager to endeavour to drive passengers 911 to the main line, and .to visit withall possible retributive - delays ? the hostile British public when it will travel on a branch, we could not be considered to havo made up for lost time on tho branch. In the fourth place; 'if didn't help us forwarcl to' bo compelled to travel one hundred and twenty seven ?? mile? round -about in a parabole, in order to reach Chelchcster, which, at starting, was only fifty- eight miles from Aveminster. In the hltn ana last place, wo were not got to Chelchester yes\; and it ' would have, been money in my pocket if I never had. : i'Swinhro'— Swinbro.' Change, hero for Marchmont and'Nutchley; ? -Change here !' j.'Almost time for a-change, I reflected, con sidering I had been nine hours out on a journey of fifty-eight miles, and was still far off from my destination. Looking out from my window of a first-class compartment, I saw it was a cheerless, drizzling night, and tho railway porters were steaming . in tho misty air as they hurried to and fro past the gleam of the lamps. Demonstrating with tho guard respecting our train being nearly an hour late, and. the time past eleven at night, he soothed: my irritation by telling me gruffly I had no business on a branch line, if I wanted to go anywhere;, and if I.would go .to out -of tho way places like Chelohester, I must be very thankful if the company put themselves to tho expense of taking me there at all, considering branches didn't pay to wqrk as a rule. ' A solitary passenger then entered my car-' riage, or, rather, was banged into it by the guard. Another minute, and tho guard had banged himself into his van, emitting the growl, ' Change here !' Our fiery and restive iron steed, no doubt weary with its headlong career of full twelve miles an hour, gave a heroic neigh of triumph,- resembling a feeble crow, in emulation of past exploits, in days Jong before it was condemned to transportation on a branch, and dragged us off into the bleak night. My companion was a tall, thin, middle aged man, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple, concluded below tho chin by a stiff satin cravat. In a dress, tight fitting, and of ancient and faded black, he looked altogether like a man who had ran very much to. seed,, which perhaps accounted for the luxuriant growth of his arms and legs. Observing his clothes steaming with the damp air, I began'to realiso it was very chilly. It certainly was, ; ...... ' Quito a change in tho weather,' I remarked. ' Very cold to-night, is. it not V ' Don't feel cold myself. Perhaps you would liko to change places with mo 1 There is no draught here.' I replied I should be very pleased to do so. if not to his inconvenience ; and accordingly we changed seats. . ...' It was cold, and no mistake. \X must have takeu a chill; for I felt tho cold creoping over me in a most unaccountable manner. Looking at my companion on tlio opposite seat, on whom the lamp-light now shown full, I saw that his face was not so thin, nor his features so withered, as I had at first supposed ; and I must have made a mistake as to his age, for lie was by no means bo old ns I had previously judged. How cold it was to be sure ! As I continued to look at him, I noticed his aspect changed momently — that he was growing younger ; that the wrinkles in his face were filling out, and smoothing down ; and that he was gradually becoming like some one I had seen before. As his checks grew round and ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown before my very eyes, I became in such, a state of nervous agitation; I endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I was paralysed with tho cold — cold that seemed to make my limbs rigid, and numb my vitals ; for I saw the man sitting before me was no longer a stranger — no mere friend or acquaintance : he had become me i I held up my hands, to try and shut out tho sight, and as I did so, saw they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them on my brow, to seo if I were dreaming ; but I found it shrivelled, seamed, and puckered. And I knew that this man, this fiend, Lad stolen my body, and given mo his. Maddened with tho discovery, I rose to my feet — his feet — which swayed beneath mo, and I struck wildly at the vision of myself on the other seat. ' But I found my arms light as vapour, for they passed over his body, which went through thorn,, giving me the impression of pain. It was, a body of shade that had been given me for my.own body ? ofMlesh and blood, which this wretch, llad stolon.. By some sorcery or otner we naa inneeu cnangea places. ' Sorcerer-demon !' I cried put, only to hear myself speaking with his sharp, cracked voice. When I saw myself sitting opposite to me, coolly addressing me in my own voice, I could no longer credit my senses, if indeed I had any of them at all left of my own. ' Daresay you think' you aro speaking loud now,' he said.1 I answered by calling the guard as loudly as I could halloo. ' Ah, you might call a good deal louder than that,- if the carriage woro full of passengers, and they could no more hear you than they coulcl see you,' ho continued, chuckling and screwing .up my features; jijito, a. hideously knowing grin, such as-ijtcuuld never have madcjvthSra/.'assurne; ' 'Voir-^ee/'-my friend youts\is;$.body\\)f air, bf-Tih'a96w-,uansensible, iinpalpSbfe*tfl;all;but myself, j:st as it was' to all'lbiitA^i53Sf]^n?I-.flnteiied the carriage. ? You \yish^;'rierj&ap1ij;).'to'-kiiow who I' am 1 Well, two ycars.agci'to-night, I was a passenger by this' veiy\iij--^nil.'\Thero' was a collision with a stupid down-goods, you seo, and. the , result was that- sovoral passengers wore injured. Ono'of them was— welly; it's-fio' uao mincing matters — killed on the spot. Quite. so. :. it was I. Yes,' I am what yo.u', cnll'n ghost, though we consider tho.word ratlier.'infra dig.? amongst 'ourselves, and have a. better term lor it. Now.I have told you Avhat I am, you will likej-to know ,what I want? Very good. You; shall see.' The ghbsfip my body thon began to;feol in my : pockets, from' which he drew out my meerschaum, loaded it from my pouch, aud lighted it with one-of my Vesuvians,: ' Ah;' he proceeded, whiffing the weed rapid ly, 'you smoke very good stuff — Golden Leaf. and Heturns : not. a' bod '.'mixture,' though I prefor a little Latakia- with it myself. Not at all a bad body yours either,'. he went on, eye-_ .ing the form in which ho was aittiug—'-' not at all a bad body, and it fits me to a'T, only a little short in the arms; By tKe' way, 1 find one. of your front teetK a little, loose, so don't say I -did- that, when .you come to -your3olf again ; and your nose i3 a little long for me, but I daresay blows none the worse for that.' I shuddered as I saw him take out my. hand kerchief, and.uso it on that cherishqd organ of; mine. . '.Yc3, I -'? daresay now you feel the cold a little ; I did at first; but it's nothing when you are used to it. I find your body very hot — being heavier than.' I ,nm accustomed to wear; but it won't fid for long. ' I requite it 'positively for this night only,' as you say' in your playbills ; .and will return, it uninjured by the time ~wa get to Chelchester. Byrtlie bye, let , me beg you to be. careful how, you tnrow your arms about so mucn as you .did just now, for my body is of a more delicate Construction than yours ; fand being so thin in substance, I am afraid you will,seag it iuider the armpits. You will observe,' ladies and' gentlemen,' he went on in lecturer's style, \- that if I take a lighted Vesuvian, and insert it in the corner of tho patient's eye, he will feel no pain.' Saying this, my dreadful com panion proceeded to illustrate his remark by making -a dive at my shadowy- eye with' ii burning match. I felt no pain as the match burned in'my head, certainly. ' You will' allow, aftoi all' you see,' 'that'my shape has its advantages,' tho ghost proceeded; ' but it also has its disadvantages. Try tho pipe now,' ;I tried to take . the ? pipe ; it dropped through my vapoury fingers. He placed it in my mouth; I could not hold it, nor get a whiff from it. ' Precisely '.so,' .said the ghost. ' Now, this is just what has brought me here to night. A great smoker all my life, doing my six pipes a day regularly, I have been defunct these two years— ^and during all that time I haven't had asmoke ; not a blessed draw ; I miss my 'baoco dreadful. There is provision made for smokers, down with us, you will understand ; but we are governed by a Board of Directors, whose incapacity quite equals that of our City Boards. There is a stock of bodies kept on purpose for smokery, so that, if you want a pipe, you must go into one of the bodies to enjoy it. But if you will believe mo, the supply is so notoriously in- sufficient to meet the demand, that there is no chance whatever for a now ghost to get a smoke. When I entered the Society, all the bodies were out in use, and booked for three years iu advance. My name has'beon dowu on the books fnr two years, and there is no likelihood of my getting a body alloted me under another twelvemonth. Fancy two years without a'smoko. Why sir, the incompetence of our Board is positively wooden. I can only explain the reason why wo put up with such gross mismanagement in tho other world,, be cause .we; have becomo so used to it in this. Our constitutions, however, are being under mined to that extent, tl&t; tho Board has at lost been coerced by popular feeling into pass ing a measure empowering ghosts to render themselves' visible to single individuals at a time, in order that they may effect an exchange of bodies for short periods, alwjiys with the consent, of the person in question, for the pur pose of indulging in. a habit 'which the direc tors ' cannot, however, but characterise as per nicious and injurious,' Under this new act I obtained your body.' ' You never had my consent, fiend !' ' I ' It is vulgar to call names, my friend,' the ghost replied, smoothing my nioustacho with my fingers ; ' but you are trifling. I asked yoii to change places with me, and j'on agreed, as you must be well aware. But, dear mo, here wo are at Chelohester ; however, I must finish my pipe — think of two years, and not a blessed draw, my friend !' . The traiii was pnlling up. My companion leaned out of window, puffing fast and furious. 'Plenty of time to change bodies,' he said ; ' it shall be done in an instant, as anon as the train stops.' And ho continued leaning out, and whiffing away great clouds of smoke, till we -came to the platform. Ho hurriedly knocked out tho ashes of the tobacco.: 'on the door-rail, as the guard cried, ' Change here — change here ;.all change here, if you please.' A sudden glow of warmth seemed to pass over me as I rubbed my. eyes, and found, to my. great delight, my own smooth hands against my very own uuwrinkled cheeks.' I looked up for my companion — he was gone — I was alono in the carriage. ' - I was greatly surprised, when I got ori the platform, at beinc asked-for mv card bv a vorv officious person ; still more so, on receiving a magistrate's summons in the morning. The officious person . deposed; that, he was the Secretary of the Anti-tobacco Alliance, aiid applied for. a conviction , against the nndeiv signed, under one of: the fey-laws 'ofsche company, for smoking in a railway cBrriaJje, the property of the D: E. F. G. Company, contrary to their regulations. He declaredHo have seen me (only think!) — mo leaning out of the carriage as it came; into tho Chelchoster station, smoking a. meerschaum pipe. The guard gave evidence that the carriage certainly smelled very strongly of tobacco on arriving at Chelchester, and. that I was the only first' class passenger. J.JA^Jle'erschaum pipe answer., ing the offi(jiotisi\person'a description, was'. found on my person. Case was clear. Fined forty shilling- arid-costs. Nay, more — the caser of smoking in a railway carriage has beim gibbetted at all the stations on tho line, where I am hung up as a caution and warning to rji» British public, ina solemn black frame with my name and address, and tho amount of the penalty enforced, at fulllength. 3^* It would have been useless to attempt * to dispute the case before the magistrates. It'-is something to have set one'a-self right with the public. — ' Chambers.' . ? ,-. . At this time of ' blue,' ' ' red,! 'yellow,' and other coloured books, the Funeral Com paiiy of Vienna, brings out a ' black book,' containing all the first class funerals 'the company has conducted the pijst year. . .V, ? The ' Pittsburgh' Dispatch ' says that when, the railroad is completed,,' the Pacific Ocein' will become virtually an American lake.' The Golden Ago of Literature. — Tho sums: publishers pay authors for their works are a striking contrast to those paid iu former times. It is stated that Lord (thon Sir E. B.) Lytton received :£100 for each week's instalment of 'A: Strange Story;' and that Mr. Wilkio Collins' received £5,000 for a novel contributed to' tho ?:.' Cornlull;' Messrs. Blaekwood and Sons are said to havo paidlMiss Evans £2,500 for!' Silas Marnec,' £4,000 for 'Tho Mill on the Floss,' and £7,000 for ' Romola.' Tlio .'Literary Budget' stated that in 1801 Mr. Coventry Patmore was paid £2,000 by Messrs. Macmillan and Co. for his 'Victories of, Lovo,';., contributed to; ' Macmillan's Magazine'— or about a guinea a line. Messrs. Strahan and Co., tho publishers- of ' Good Words,' placed £5,000 to ? tho credit of Dr. Guthrie, for- .the.purposo of his going to thei .Holy Land, and there writing a Commentary on the Bible, to be published in penny numbers../- The ssme-.publishers paid £1,000 to Mr. Millais for twelve illustrations to ' The Parables read in the Ligfit of tho Present.Day,' by Guthrie. Messrs. Lacroix and Co., of Brussells, ; stated that they paid Victor Hugo £1G,000, or 400,000 francs for 'Les Misorables;' but the'author was for twenty three years engaged in the' work. ; According to tho ' Pall Mall Gazette,' the same publishers have just signed a contract with Victor Hugo to purchase, for the sum of £12,000 tho right of publication, for ia- limited term, of an historical -novel, ? in four volumes, entitled ?' Par 1'Ordre du Hoj ' (By order of the King), the scene of which is laid in England, at tho close of the 17th century ; together with a. volume of poems entitled ' Fin do Satin,' and a 'volume composed of three dramas, not intended for . representation, and entitled ' Theatro en Liberto.' Mr. Tennyson is said to havo been offered £4,000 a year by his new publishers- for tho exclusive- right to publish liis! works. — ' Chambers' Journal.' ' , A .Giidle ; Round the Earth.— Often is the 'practical speed of tho electric current brought iiito.conversatioii. . A veiy satisfactory deter mination of- this ' datum ' has been mado in America in connexion with a .measurement of the difference '-of 'longitude between San Fran cisco and Cambridge, Massachusetts, a distance along the wires of 3000 miles. Longitude- is; i'where possible; 1 .measured by telegraph' :' thus —a clock accurately set by the stars is placed at j each Rtation, and each clock is made to transmit its beats through the line and mark them on a chronograph at the other station ; tho clock at the receiving station registering ing its beats upon the chronograph. The boats- thus appear side by side, and the dif ference between them is the difference of longitude.' in time between the two places plus the short interval occupied by the passage of the current through the wire. To find this in the special caso to which I am referring a second wire was employed, so that a 'circuit of 7200 miles was completed, and signals were sent from .San Francisco to Cambridgeand back again, the instants of their going out and returning homo being accurately recorded. The interval, the time spent by the current in traversiug 7200 miles, was eight-tenths, or just over three-quarters, of a second. A single battery could not work through such a length'; relays — instruments for reinforcing tho. current — to tho number of eloven wore included iu the- circuit; so that in three-fourths of a second the signal had to bo repeated eleven times. A relay requires a small fraction of a second to do its work ; not enough, however, to seriously affect this determination. At the above speed a signal would go round tho world in three seconds and a half. Wo can beat Ariel, out and out. — ' Once-a-week.' Tho Weak Brethren. — Tho adoption of a rule of abstinence, in permanent deference to weak consciences, would simply transfer to the weak the regulation of the order of human life arid tho progress of the world. It is quite necessary that somo protest of the kind should be made against a very common .and very mischievous delusion. The ' weak brethren ' are a great deal too. strong in the world. They set their faces as a flint against all originality of thought, especially in matters theological, and in small things how tyrannical they are ! They would have us cut off our beards, drop our wine, our rubber, our pipe, . iu fact make existence look and feel as dull and flat as pos siblo. — Rev. Baldwin Brown. Above . and. Below. — A gentleman, at Windsor once took tho place of the organiatj with a. view to show his superiority in execu tion ; and while he was playing one of Dr. Blow's anthems, just .as he had fiuislied tho Verse part aud- begun tho. full chorus,' the organ ooased. Oii this he called to Dick, the bellows-blowor,tto know what was the matter. ' Tho matter 7 says Dick. ' I have played the anthem below.' — 'Ay,'. says the other,. ' but I have not played it above.' — ? No matter,' quoth' Dick, 'You should have made more hasto, then. I know how many puffs go to one of Dr. Blow's anthems as well as you do ; I havo not played tho organ so many years for noth ing.' ? ???;?? ?. ?? . ? .-. ? '- -? 'Messrs. Chang and Eng Bunker,, the 1Sia mese twins,' writos Mr. Henry Lee to:Land and Water, 'are intelligent;- well informed, and conscientious men, kindly and genial in disposition, yet exhibiting in conversation a 'self-pdssessioh'' arid .-' firmness ; : o6*'ri«mq»noiir'; whichropel offensive familiarity. Tllany^an Englishman who thiiiks himself entitled to.'it has less claim than they to-tbV-nqtne.°:'o'f ' gentloman.' . They have . brought' -up -their families carefnlly and religiously,- and; '.their children behave towards JJjiejii; with, perfect filial obedience, and. res{i.ept,.;:and evidently regard them with the most devoted affectiori.'; That these two .brothers .'nave,'- under Siich '? unfavourable,',cit-;uiri3t»nces, supported theni-' pelves for twoftfy-nine yoara by their own in-,, 'dustry as farinets,- each of them ? maintaining ;aud educating ,well a large family, and yet gradually acquiring1 an- estate on 'which about fifty people' were- employed by them, is a suffi cient proof that they possess groat decision of character -nnil;no'ordinary talents; Unhappily. thoy sustaiijw-suqh serious losses,' during, the: late war between the Northern nnd Southern ' States of -America that they are1 obliged, at the age.of fifty-eight years, to oxhibit' themselves agaujj '.to ?iretrfeyc, if possible, their fallen, fortune's, -'and to onable them to provide- for ?their.familios. As public characters they aro, of course, liable to the most free and opon criticism. . :T.hey 1 .are grateful when that criticism isfriendly; but in a- contrary caso there is no-occasion to1- hurt their feelings by ingeniously cruel allusions aud wanton jeers.! v- Judgo Cannon, of Clay'' county, North Carolina, recently-charged the grand jury of that countyv that a lawful . fence - should bo '! horse-high, bull strong, and pig-tight.' The Lion and tho Unicorn. — Thoviriost prominent feature about the Royal arms is what heralds call tho supporters — the lion and the unicorn. Of those,- the Jioii is the badgs nf England, the Innicorn of, Scotland'; and their position is intended, as the ingenious reader will conjecture, to symbolise ,tho fact that tho sovereign is maintained by tho union of tho two countries. The uninitiated observer would describe the unicorn as placed on the right side of the shield, and the lion on tho left; but heralds apply tho terms right and left to a coat of arms with reference hot to tho spectator, but to the supposed bearer of the shield, who is, of course, behind it. Thus they roverso the ordinary use of these words, and tho reader must therefore' remem ber that tho lion is the right, or dexter snpporter of the English arms (the place of honour being conceded -to England from its superior importance), and tlio unicorn is tho left, or sinister supporter. The reader will at once infer that these supporters could only'i have come into1 uso at the Hmion of ' England' nnd Scotland under JnmesI;; nnd the infer onco is perfectly jnst. Ever since lC03.the Royal arms havo been supported as now by the English lion and tho Scottish unicorn. What were the supporters previously 1 tho reader asks. Well, they were very i various ; Elizabeth and Mary and their father had a lion and a. greyhound for supporters; Henry VII.; 'a lion arid a dragon; Richard III., a lion and a bear ; Edward XV., a lion and a bull; Henry V., .1 lion and an . antelope ; Henry IV., an antelope and ar swan; Edward ?III., a lion and an eagle. The use'of sup portera began with Edward III:, and it fol lows that the reader h'as thus a complete list of the supporters of- the. Royal arms of England. Tlio lion, it will be seen, had almost invariably been used as ono supporter (the dexter) ; the other had varied ; the different sovereigns usually used some family badge as the supporter on the sinister side. The Scotch arms had always been supported ,by ,two unicorns, and hence, on the accession of JanieSl.' to the .English- throne, it was de termined that the national supporters should thenceforward bo the lion of England and the unicorn of- Scotland. ? ? . - : Lassoeing a, Locomotive. — The 'Sacramento Reporter ' says it is currently reported that a new tribe of Indians has been discovered near Independence,' .on Jtlie ' line of the Central Pacific^ who would not seem to be as' well Hosted' in regard to 'railroad mattors .19 thfiir redskin brpthren of tho plains. The other day a locomotive having passed by, to their bo wilderment, they resolved to lay in wait or pursue and lariat,tho monster. Accordingly thoy made; a very .strong lariat, and perceiving the mystery approaching, stretched it across the track, either end being held firmly by, 20 or 30 .of the would-be captors. The ? engine came thundering nloug, the lariat was struck just below the head light, aud it is said the Indians exhibited greater feats of ground and lofty tumbling than were ever seen in a first class circus. Ariaodontoperilizatition i3 the title of a style of trapezo performance, in which the porfofmeis hold each other by the' teeth, suspended in the air. Hence tho odonto' in tho title.- ? What's Wanted. — A contemporary . com plains of the lack of' enterprise of the wealthy men of Cincinnati and St. Louis, and says the 'great want of each . city is about thirty-five first-class funerals.' Tho ' Boston Journal ' says that when a rogue is detected in Massachusetts, ' ho seeks first to retain an able lawyer ; in Now York his first solicitude- is to retain a judg-i' Generally it is not necessary to 'retain ' one juryman.' . ?'.,'' '' . '. Western editor thinks the poem of 'Enoch Arden ' has encouraged hundreds of dead husbands to return and annoy their families, who would otherwise have kept away. The Enoch Ardon in real life, he says, is usually a scallawag, aud comes home ragged, dirty, and drunk. , The oldest revolver — tho earth.. 