THE METROPOLIS. Adelaide, June 9. me Soutb-J£asterner would be puzzled to tell just now whether they prefer a Viceregal visit or a tramway. Perhaps with their usual modesty they think themselves entitled to both, and that it is a condescension in them to accept such trifles from the niggarly centralisationists of Adelaide. They may intend to make the one subservient to the other Viceregal festivities in recess to be followed by Tramway Bills in Session. I have not the faintest idea if it is a suitable place for rail way experiments, but it is manifestly a splendid place for a state visitation. The South-Easteners had been so long accustomed to go mad over every distinguished visitor they received that it was inconceivable how they could excel themselves on the recent occasion. But they have done so indisputably. They have shown Sir James Fergusson colonial life and colonial hospitality on the most magnificient scale. They have trotted him over thirty or forty miles of the worst bush track in Australia-from Lacepede Bay to JSTarracoorte. They have collected for hira the biggest kennel of dogs he has seen out of Ayrshire, anyhow. They have put him ! through three days of ihe muddiest, dampest, j lumbago breeding occupation ever satirically ; ? termed sport. They have inflicted a regular j ! squatting dinner upon him, and poured out rtheir local grievances over the punch bowl, i Hinckley, J.P. in professing to toast the Parliament, demonstrated that Parliamentary Government was a centralising mockery, and that the revenue of the colony should be divided pro rata among the District Councils. When the new constitution comes into opera tion Hinckley, J.P., is to send in a bill to the Treasury on behalf of the South-East for the unexpended balance of the one million sterling derived from South-Eastern Land Sales. He admits a set-off of a hundred and fifty thousand for roads, jetties and lighthouses,; though on the other side he ought to charge an almost equal amount for admissions to the cave3 on Mosquito Plains. And then that ghost of a body-their Local Road Board, to be receiving only nine thousand a year for roads, while the district was contributing a hundred thousand a year to the Treasury it ought to be knocked on the head. No, to be chopped up would be a more appropriate punishment for it-chopped intoseveu separate pieces, and thejpieces scattered over the South East, and a proportionate amount of revenue be assigned to each. Sir James has been too many weeks in the colony not to know how ticklish a subject local resources is. His tone has strangely altered since he stood on the gangway of the Rangatira, and, in answer to the address of the Port Corporation, declared how proud au anticipation it was to him that he might assist in promoting the progress of this important and flourishing colony. He sees deeper now, perhaps, into the flourish, and also into his own * powers of assistance; or, possibly, the local cant which he unintention ally stimulated has given him a caution. "At Narracoorte the indefatigable Hinckley, J.B., had presented an address on behalf of the inhabitants, which poetically " hailed this particular visit as an omen of prosperity to the South-East, inasmuch as it will be the means of bringing before your Excellency the great natural advantages of this district." But .'your Excellency" was slow to take the political clue. He joked about having entered the garden of the colony by the backdoor, and wished success to the coursinjg match. " At last when -he had to come to the irrepressible " resources " he touched them gingerly and cautiously-"Although (said be) I cannot hope to realize the anticipations of iheaddress, and doanythingtodevjelope the resources bf the district, which timet, depend on the industry of its own inhabitants,1 and perhaps on the action of the Constitutional Government, but at the same time: it must be a most wholesome tiling for me, having constitutional duties, to per form, to know as much as possible of those among whom I live/' Such has beenhis principle throughout the visit. Dogs, dinners, toasts, balls, corrobories, as many as you like, but. politics-hah I Haven't you constitutions and .. universal suffrage, and the ballot, and plenty of money ^ to spend ? The ladies are waiting for you over the way. Sir James was a few wee||i|t>o old a colonist to be caught by Hinckley a|u|f|i,e secessionists. For the first time in regal experience he has run the gaanlet of after-dinnerspeeches without having his private opinions fished out of him. Last Saturday we bad another of those dull discouraging English Mails which operate on 'Change like a monthly application of wet blankets-- The home trade is retrograding instead of mending. In the cotton and woollen districts large firms are collapsing through sheer inanition, there is nothing for them to do, and consequently nothing to pay their creditors with. The partial trade still being carried on yields nothing, if it does not actually entail loss. The wool spinners have worked down their stocks to the lowest point, and they have very little inducement to replenish. The enormous quantity of wool which is to be thrown upon the market next May is likely therefore to fall heavily. When the Mail left the arrivals from Australia of the new clip were 180,000 bales, and in°the interval before the sales opened it was expected to increase to 220,000 bales. Where are the buyers to come from ? The G-erman fairs have been unfortunate, and decline has been the general rulesamong them, especially at Leipsic. The continental buyers who have done- so much hitherto to sustain the Australian market will not be forthcoming in so large numbers as at last year's sales. Yorkshire is dishear tened, and the London brokers are manifestly nervous. The May series-almost the most important of the year-are this time of unu sual import. They will bring the squatters' troubles 10 a crisis, for if wool has to go lower" it may virtually be thrown away. As well let it remain on the sheep's backs as send it away fifteen thousand miles to receive back only the bare cost of shearing and freight. - Copper also continues in the dead thraw, but our copper mines having attained to that happy state of independence when dividends are of no consequence, nobody pays much attention to the fact. There is not an instance on record of a copper mine becoming itnpopu lar through the want of dividends. Stupid directors may smother them with calls, as in the case of the Wheal Coglin; but all the the shareholders seem to expect in ordinary cases is not-,to have to spend too much. Look at the silver mines, they have been eighteen months on the pare, and not one of them has 'paid-for picks or office stationery. Excepting"; a few fancy bars from the Almanda-silver spoons as Pasquin takes bis weekly oath they have produced nothing. But their direc tors understand the secret of masterly inac tivity. They restrict themselves to calls once a quarter. They don't visit their imaginary lodes more than twice a year. In a word, they don't agitate the public, and shares sell freely at large premiums. Notwithstanding the recent panic, Almandas are saleable still at nearly four times the amount actually invested in tbem. The copper average is about donate the paid up quota, and gold , from five to twenty fold. Last week there was an ophir company started, the very name being worth a pound a share. On Monday promoter's shares were actually booked at five pounds a piece. On Tuesday it was resolved to register and to issue scrips at the rate of two huudr^J for each original share. On Wednesday the new shares were taken in quantity at five shillings each, fifty pounds on every original five. Since then they appear to have risen to seven and six, or seventy-five pounds on the original five. You can under stand how a trade like that should be indepen dent of dividends, but who pays the fancy premiums? There will be revelations by and bye on that point. 