ADVENTURES OF A .THEATRE PROPRIETOR, (From the Spring Creek Leader. ) ' We have to relate one of the most re markable episodes in real life that has yet been revealed on this gold-field. About three months ago, a respectably- dressed, smart-looking gentleman makes his debut on Spring Creek as the partner in n Unrvicliinfr linf.pl nrul illfifttrfi bllSl- ness. Ho introduces an accomplished young lady as his wife, and by his activity and gentlemanly habits makes himself conspicuous amongst his convivial friends, and becomes a general favorite both off and on the stage. His personal appear ance, raven hair, neat well-trimmed jet moustache, polite manners, fashionable attire and good address, rendered him a lion among his gender, the pride of the platform, aud beloved of the barmaids. He goes to Melbourne, engages a com pany, tells thorn of a magnificent hotel, commodious theatre, crowded houses, liberal diet and wages ; and they fold up their muslins, pack np their slippers, wigs and weapons, and finally bid adieu to the metropolis to pursue their career on a new Eldorado. Arrived at their destination, ideal visions of comfortable qnarters, magnificent buildings and wealthy proprietors are dispelled. Wea therboard walls, unplaned and nnpainted ; audiences, demonstrative enough, breath ing forth volumes of smoke, form part of the dreary prospect. The curtain fell on act the first, and the deluded damsels, tho too confiding father, and tho gay professionals were undeceived. The prospect was anything but pleasing — money anything but plentiful. Certainly there was plenty to eat and drink and be merry with, for storekeepers were credu lous, wine and spirit merchants eager for orders, and the firm ranked high in pub lic estimation. The theatre was nightly crowded. Our friend D. sang and acted on tho platform, walked tho stage with the majestic airs of an old professional, while his partner J. brought forth melo dies, sweet, magical, and bewitching, with the touch of the bow in the orches tra beneath. However, there is an end to all thiugs, and there was an end to D.'s days of felicity and conjugal bliss. Creditors became pressing, benefits became plentiful, so plentiful that at last they would not take. Even the Heath- coto hospital withdrew its support and administered a sharp rebuke to the proprietors for using its name for their advantage ; rapacious bum- bailiffs hannted the house night and day. The money taken at the doors disappeared, and poor servants wanted to know you know Where tho proceeds went to. Eats forsake a sinkiug ship, aud the public begin to forsako tho Varieties. There was an attempt made to resuscitate the fallen prodigy, but it proved fruitless. The once guady cur tains grew dusty with disuso ; the scenery lost its gay effect, and the brilliantly lighted hall revelled nightly in darkness ; the paint fled from the forlorn countenances of the disappointed com pany ; the wires of the wonderful " appolonian antiphone " vibrated no more by the touch of the unpaid fingers, and tho " Marionettes " concealed their antics in a cordial manufactory. The lively and versatile " D" had many pic nics, and the best Sinclair's hams were gobbled up on the banks of tho Goulbnrn without the slightest compunction, re gardless of the tradesman's bill. At length the poor printer took tho alarm, and beat a fruitless chase, until " D. " pleaded poverty, and ho forgave him. One morning tho hotel is closed, and placards announcing tho salo of the properly by auction cover its walls. Just about this timo a sham attempt is mado to prosecute tho proprietors for illicit grog selling, but the revenue inspector is defeated — the evidence is insufficient — and "D." escapes. The honso is sold under a bill of sale, the broken hearted creditors turn up the white of their eyes to heaven, and the pale-faced actor (liko Hamlet's ghost) takes a last agonising look at the scenes of his misfortunes and " skedaddles." But " D." has a bolder part to play ; he don't mm away — by no means, although his fair and -angelic partner of his griefs and sorrows has turned the back of her crinoline on Spring Creek, and her face towards Melbourne, he lingers behind, takes up his lodg ings in tho centre of the township, and ( forms an acquaintance with his recent persecutor, tho revenue inspector. At an early hour one morning the driver of a gingerbeer conveyance belonging to one of his victims, himself on the point of collapsing, is accosted by " D.," who, for the purpose of airing his dark moustache and clean paper collar, ac companies him on a tonr amongst his I numerous customers. Of course not ono of the unlicensed shanty keepers suspect the late "proprietor of an unlicensed hotel ; and " D." does a capital stroke in his new capacity of informer, securing in a very short time no less than nearly thirty defaulters. " D." is ranch more liberal than usual ; his thirst is insatiable, and his companion readily believes him the jolliest of dogs. Again tho curtain drops on " D." ; but tho interval between tlio scenes is short, and when next it rises the stago is transferred from the Lyceum theatre to the Heathcote, where justice sits in solemn dignity before a crowded audience, surrounded by a portly array of lawyers, reporters, constables, and process servers. One after another the unlicensed vendors of beer are brought to account, a few aro fined, and some escape. But alas ! for the ends of justice, the first of the "D." batch are called upon, but the summonses aro dis covered to be destitute of the stamp and seal, and the day of relribntion, to tho dismay of the revenue inspector and the quondam friend " D.," is necessarily postponed. The curtain falls once more. A few days elapse and again it rises. This time the scene is in the bar of an hotel in the centre of the township. : Detective O'Leary stands alongside of "D." ad ministering to his wants and inviting him to take a walk. They leave in company, wending their way towards tho police station, where they hado an affectionate farewell at the door of a padlocked build ing of unusual strength. In perfect amazement the simple amateurs caught the news and learned the particulars of " D.'s" wonderful transformations. Tho i spurious " D." was a genuiuo " 0." I But a few months before liis raven hair, I so black and glossy, had been a light brown, his shaven chin had worn a bushy beard of goodly dimensions. His occu pation was that of a drover. Entrusted with a flock of sheep to take" to Beech- worth, he is said to havo sold' -400 at Rutherglen aod decamped "with the pro- 1 ceeds on the 8fch of December last. The- rest we have already related." Visiting. Spring Creek immediately afterwards, he purchased a half interest in the only large place of amusement on the rush, it is supposed with the proceeds of the flock. Yesterday, ho was the first to figure before the bench in a hew court house, and was remanded to" Rutherglen. The proprietors of the shanties who were about to be prosecuted held a general rejoicing, and sacrificed their remaining stock of spirits at the shrine of-persechted Bacchus., So terminates this exciting , drama for the present,, and ihe_ curtain involuntarily falls on the career of an eminent actor. The Rev. Mk "Ware.— It is reported that considerable difficulty is felt at Deni- liquin in making up the stipend fund of the Church of England. The Pastoral Times specially exhorts the country mem bers of the congregation to pay their fair share of the necessary expenses of. the Church, and suggests that on all occa sions when services are held in the bush, there should be offertory collections. — ; " Without snch aid from tho country a stipend adequate to meet tho very heavy expenses, such as Mr Ware necessarily incurs, cannot possibly be provided. The maintenance of a clergyman for this church would be easy enough if all tho members did their duty and give their pecuniary support, if they do not, somo of the members and friends of this faith will havo to do more than, they ought in .in justice to themselves. It would not only be a serious loss to tho district if it could not support tho present clergyman, but it would debar the bishop from send ing us another minister for many years. If Mr Ware caunot, by his extraordinary energy and faithfulness, keep together a church of this persuasion in this town and district, it is much to be feared tho cause is hopeless here." Diptherlv at Howlong. — There have several cases, says the Albury Banner, of diptheria lately broken out in tho neighbourhood of Howlong aud Moor- watha, and two deaths have already oc curred — namely, a boy named Howard and a young woman of the name of Spiers, The case of tho last named deceased, as reported to us by Dr. Burnett, was not ono that was likely to havo terminated fatally if medical advice had been sent for as soon as the symptoms seemed to require it. As it was, however, some delay took place in obtaining advice, aud it then came too late. Two other young women at Howlong aro also ill with diplhoria. A Foal's Freak. — While visiting ono of tho vineyards a few days ago we noticed deep stains over the floor of tho press- house, as if a cask -had been broached in. On inquiry the vignoron informed us that a pet foal kept about the placo had been iuto tho shed, after the men had left off work, and had managed to turn on the large brass cock of one of the hogsheads by playfully taking the handle in his teeth. The foal's practical joke (and it happened on the 1st of April) cost the vigcron the loss of about 200 gallons of good must. — Albury Banner. Meeting of Catholic B'riiofs. — The great meeting of the Catholic bishops in Australia, to preparo lor the Ecume nical Council to ho held at Rome on tho feast of tho Immaculate Conception in December, will be opened to-morrow (Sunday), at St Patrick's Cathedral, with the proper religious ceremony for tho occasion. It is stated that tho discus sion will bo held with closed doors : but tho ceremonies will be opened to tho public. The bishops present will be his Grace Archbishop Poldiug, of Sydney ; the Right Reverend Dr Goold, Catholic Bishop of Melbourne ; the Right Rev Dr Quinn, Catholic Bishop of Bathurst ; the Right Rev Dr Quinn, Catholic Bishop of Brisbane ; the Right Rev Dr Murray, Catholic Bishop of Maitland ; the Right Rev Dr Lanigan, Catholic Bishop of Gonlburn ; the Right Rev Dr Murphy, Catholic Bishop of Hobart Town ; and the Right Rev Dr Shiel, Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. It is expected that at the great Council at Romo, about 600 bishops will meet. Mr. Jones' Introduction. — The fol lowing appeared in the Mount Alexander Mail from their Melbourne correspondent before Mr Jones took his seat Political rumours are somewhat rife to-day. Mi; Jones has expressed his intention of introducing himself to the Speaker to morrow night as tho newly-elected member for Ballarat West, and will ask to ho permitted to sign the documents, and take the oaths anil his seat. This independent courso of action is not cansed by the refusal of several gentlemen to escort Mr Jones into the House, but it is entirely owing to his own determination. Being elected by his constituents, he desires -no other assistance to enable him to take his scat, and act as their repre sentative within tho House." Perhaps Mr Jones had a shrewd suspicion that there were moro cold shoulders in tho House than Mr Yale's. - Friday's Mercury says : — A case of sudden death occurred yesterday, in Al bert-street, tho victem being an old man, a shoemaker, of very penurious .habits,' Darned Elliott. In fact deceased is said to have deprived himself almost of the necessaries of life. A neighbour, Thomas Reynolds, noticing that Elliott had not taken in his milk from the door in the morning, thought ho might be ill, aud knocked. Hearing no one "move, and seeing the blinds down, Reynolds jumped over the fence, and found Elliott lying dead in his night-dross, at the back en trance. Upon this the police wore com municated with, and an inquest was held during the forenoon at Straclian's Prince of Wales Hotel. In addition to tho evi dence given by Reynolds, a lad named Burman deposed to have seen deceased alive on Tuesday. Dr M'lntyre, who' made the post-mortem examination at the request of Dr M'Nicoll, the coroner, said there wero no marks of- violence on the body, and the cause of, death was fatty degeneration of the heart. A verdict to | this effect was returned. The police, on I examining the residence of deceased, I found about £18 iu money, and deposit ! receipts for nearly £300 in the bank. Deceased, despite those resources, would not pay for necessary attendance. At the meeting of the Shire of North Ovens, on Monday last, Mr C. J.-BraiAi- waite, tlio Shiro Engineer, laid on the table a map which he had been requested to execute, We had the pleasure of ex- aniiuitig it", and must compliment Mr Braithwaite on its excellency. As far as we can seo it is a faithful plan of the Shire, and it is certainly drawn in a very superior and creditable manner. . In fact, it" is ono.'.of. the best executed maps we have seen for some time; and must be of no small value to the members of that Council. We could not well estimate its .value, as it must have cost the Engineer a very large amount both of time and Ivdaor.—Wanqaratta Dispatch. On Sunday last, Mr George Seutt, of Tarfaville, had a very narrow escape from an untimely and dreadful death from' the attack of a boar pig.: It appears the beast was herding . in . a small . paddock with other pigs of mixed sexes. When Mr Sciitt went to drive them to their re spective styes, the infuriated animal, , not liking to be disturbed, rushed at its owner, who, with a view to divert the pigs atten tion and afford time to escape,, threw liis hat down, but to no purpose, tho crea ture's fuiy was not so easily appeased. In a moment the unfortunate gentleman was knocked down, and before he could recover himself, tho brute was upon him, aud by one terrific lnnge, tore up a fright ful gash in tho thigh. Meanwhile, Master Williamson (who is in the employ of Mr Scutt) having noticed the hoar's hostility' when his master entered the paddock, hastened into the house for a stock-whip, with which he arrived npon the ground, just in time to save his employer, and himself became tho object of pursuit, but his younger and more nimble foot enabled him to escapo unhurt, whilst- the little diversion saved Mr Scutt from certain ioxth.-r-rGippshind Tines. In tho Ballarat. Eccniny Mail wo find an announcement of a rare "occurrence in modem colonial times — an elopement : — "It would appear that a; needy, calf- brained fortune-hunter, rejoicing, in tho possession of a very aristocratic name, and oven more aristocratic connections, but whose finances were at the lowest ebb, and whose fortunes had apparently arrived at the lowest stage of descendancy has, for several months past, bean paying his addresses to a spirited and accom plished young lady, who for tho mere love of fun which could bo derived from his eccentricities and absurdities, pre tended a feeling of reciprocity iu this matter of tho affections, aud thus lured his victim to a declaration of his passion and tho solicitation of her hand in marriage. So far so good. Tho young lady consented and referred him to ' papa,' with whose assistance, however, the littlo minx had previously hatched as cunning a plot for the complete discom fiture of a fellow creature as we ever remember to have heard of being success fully developed, either here or elsewhere. The arrangement was that npon being applied to, ' papa ' should indignantly refuse to accede to the request of tho ardent swain, who had of course begun to congratulate himself on having secured the hand and fortune (a more particular item) of the blooming lassie. The young lady's brother was (lien to interpose aud suggest an elopement. This of courso met. with the approbation of our aristo cratic friend, inasmuch as the fortune of liis intended was secured to her uncon ditionally. xVll preliminaries being com plete, it. was arranged that Augustus should havo a carriage in waiting at the head of Sturt-strect at nine o'clock on the evening of Thursday last (All Fools Day), and that Armavyllis Angelina should meet and accompany him to the residence of a clergyman, who would imito them in the hoi' bands of matrimony. All went smoothly enough until the ceremony had been performed, and tho gushing young couplo adjourned to another room to partake of refreshments. Tho bride had hitherto been deeply veiled, but now several friends of both parties were desirous of obtaining the precious ' first kiss." The veil was removed, and discovered to the gazo of at least ono thunder-struck spectator the lovely face of — no, not. Armaryllis Angelina, but her brother. Tho. discom fiture of the bridegroom when ho disco vered how completely he had been sold is a thing to be imagined, not. described. We aro not at liberty to mention names, but ' papa ' is a wealthy gentleman well- lcnown in mining circles, and lives within fifty miles of Lake Wendouree. The young lady is an established favorite in the highest circles of society.in Ballarat, and tho brother is a well-known ' lady- killer.'" Tho Adelaide correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes : — Tho Go vernor is a thorongh sportsman. Since bis round of tho dfl'erent districts attend ing show dinners, &c.;, he has commenced another tour — a sporting one. Last week he wont clown Goolma way duck-shoot- iDg, and having bagged a good show, ho returned ; but on getting to Strathalbyn on his way back — it being Sunday, and ho being rendered thoroughly incog, by his sporting rig-out nnd accoutrements — he was refused admittance into tho public house at tho front door, and .ordered round to the back. He quietly complied, nnd it was not until after his departure that tho good people knew who had been their visitor. His Excellency has now gone north' to enjoy the abundance of game that is to be shot at on Mr Gilbert's estate, Pcwsy Yale. "We cant support a Punch in this colony. The last num ber of Adelaide contains its own in. mcmoriavi. It has not received sufficient encouragement, but has been conducted, its proprietors tell us, at: a loss, and it must die. The following is its epitaph : \- " In memorinm Adelaide Punch.— Born 5th December, 1868 ; died April Fool s Day, 1869. Strangers, bo kind to Toby. 'Life's a jest; all things show it ; I thought so once, and now I know it." . . , .. ; Tho quantity of shcop in tho -South American States is about double that of the colonies of Australasia, including Now .Zealand; or. about seventy millions. It is so far fortunate for our, wool growers in Australia that the groat bulk of tho wool from the South American States goes to France, Belgium, nnd tho United States. ' But wool growing in South America is fast improving — attention Is being paid to breeding and classifying, and there is .there looming in tho distance tho nucleus"" of a great' revival in tho wool trado-in the British markets. The Launceston Times of the fifth inst. publishes the . following information re specting tho Waterhouse gold field : — Nothing further than was contained in our extraordinary, of Friday, lias-transpired with reference to the discoyory of gold at Waterhouse. There is considerable ex citement in tp.wn.with reference to it, and of course all sorts of exaggerated stories are flying about, having- just sufficient foundation to secure .listeners. There seems to be no .donbt,' however, that the discovery, is really one of great import ance, and the arrival of . the next .mail from the district is anxiousiy-looked-for. A claim has been registered under tho " Gold Fields Discovery Act"' and in his: letter to the Government, Mr Williams gives tho following particulars as to''tho locality " The site of "the discovery is on Crown land lot 62S., ,as per Govern ment charts, distant four miles from my homestead, two.aidi'a-haif ' 'miles from the sea, seventy miles from Launceston . by the main road, fifty-four miles from Brid- port by Hall's Track, county of Dorset, parish .of Tunbridge, and about" three miles from the Crowu reserve of Swanago. The operations of my party so far have been mostly confined to surfacing and to tracing a rich reef. A few holes have been sunk, but not bottomed on account of defectivo tools. The surface dirt is from two to three feet in depth, and yields from ono to three penny-weights cf gold per bucket. The reef whero wo lirst struck is two feet from the surface, run ning north and south, and I believe it to be rich, as on breaking pieces from it, . gold is plainly visible to the naked eye." A savant, whose wife has a high temper, being' applied to by a committee for information as to tho' best method of preventing being blown' up by a steam boiler, said with a sigh, " Ah, gentlemen, that is of small consequence ; but I should, consider it a great boon if some one would discover a method whereby a man could escape being blown up by his wife." 