FEMALE suffrage. "Some few women, whose names hare remained upon, the register, have here and there contrived to vote. But the great host of 50,000 claimants has been disap pointed, Their appeal against the revising barristers has been -finally overruled. 'In the Court of Common Pleas, before the Lord Chief .1 us tice and the three most experienced puisne judges, the first case taken, which was decisive of tho question, was from Man chester, where the names of 5346 female claimants had been expunged from the lists. Mr Coleridge, with much ability and with an ingenious use of precedents, con tended in their behalf that women had a right to the franchise, which they exercised in ancient times, and which modern legis lation had not taken from them. In sup port of his argument he quoted a number of ancient statutes, commencing with one passed in the reign of Henry IV„ maintain taining that whatever in those olden times justified men in taking part in elections also justified women in doing so; and pointing out: instances in which the names of women had been attached to important indentures returning members to Parlia ment. He urged also that in certain parish matters the right of women to vote —as, for instance, in the election of a sexton had been accorded. He likewise argued that in Lord Eomilly's Act it was enacted that in future statutes the male ! gender should include the female unless the contrary was expressly provided, and I that in the isevr Reform Act there was no 1 such express provision. It was true women j had not exercised their right for centuries, I bat that non-exercise had not worked- a disfranchisement. The judges, however, who gave their decisions separately, laid great stress on this uninterrupted practice of centuries; and were unanimous in the opinion that there was no sufficient authority for saying that by the common law women had a right to vote for members of Parlia-' meat. They held that the term " men" in the ias.fc Reform Act did not include women, and that if it did; still women would come within the term " incapacitated!" .Mr Ju% tiee Byles, in expressing his concurrence, hoped that the unanimous decision of: the Court, coming so "soon after the undivided judgment of the Court of Session in Scotland, would for ever lay-the ghost of a doubt which should never have arisen.. _Ifi_was absurd to suppose that so great an innova tion could be carried by antiquarian argu-' ments, or by cnrions discussions as to generic words ; but it is not likely the public have heard the last of this question. The ladies af.e justnow too ambitious to accept defeat in silenced 