SPECULATION AND ALLEGED EM BEZZLEMENT OF £130,000. The Court of Assizes of the Seine has just been engaged in the trial of a person named Allotte, aged 36, cashier to the lateagent de-change Sands, on a charge of embezzling inone; to an amount of more than £130,000. The principal committed suicide on dis covering the frand in January last.' Allotte, in addition to his functions, had a share in the bnsinesB, and appears to have enjoyed the entire confidence of Mi Bands, He, however, launched into a number of ill ad vised speculations, so tbat in the space of i four years he had squandered the amount mentioned above, £68,000 were sank in oil works at St. Denis; £25,000 in a manufactory of perfumery at Puteaux; £10,000, in a soapboilery at La Bricbe; and £9006 in a water company at Cadiz. The remainder was lost in enterprises of lesser importance, among the items being £3200 the accused had advanced to a M. Cbily, to recover a succession in Spain, and £1600 invested In the ' Siecle Illustre.* The deficits were made up by the sale of secnrities left by easterners and by the ap propriation of a snm of £32,000, deposited by M. Breon forpurposes of speculation, and concerning which a fictitiouB account was furnished every month to the owner by the accused. The sum, moreover, bad never been regularly entered on the boohs of the firm, and the consequence is that . Breon 1b entirely rained, as he has no claim to any share in the aBsets of the bank raptcy.—The accused, in his defence, pro-1 tested that he had only_ borrowed money from the firm of which he -was a partner.— The jury returned a verdict of not guilty on each of the conntB of the indictment, and Allotte was In consequence acquitted. Indian depredations and outrages are so nnmerousin Arizona that the settlers suggest, among themselves a war of extermination, to commence with the massacre of ail the Indians on the Government reservations. The * Cork Examiner' says tbat an amus- j ing instance of a post-mortem bequ.eBt and its consequences transpired at the Eanturk petty sessions recently, A labouring man named Murphy borrowed a mnle and cart frcm a Mrs. Quin. In due time Mrs. Quin reclaimed her property, but Murphy refused. i to surrender it, alleging that eome nights j before the spirit of Mrs. Qnin'a departed : husband bad appeared to him, and in the j course of an amicable conversation made j him a present of tbe mnle and cart. The ] ghost also declared that one of two tabs of ; bacon in tbe possession of bis widow should ] be handed over to his aid friend Murphy, whom he addressed as his "old boy." j Mrs. Quin appears to bave doubted her husband's authority to make s post-mortem disposition of his effects; and, having gathered her friends around her, she pro ceeded to recover ber property .by force of arms, the result being a lively row, for which all parties were brought before tbe magistrates. Their worships confined their attention to the public breach of the peace, and the ghostly conveyance remains to add another and most interesting chapter to the varied volnme of Kautnrk litigation. The * Semaphore* of Marseilles states that the keeper of some dining rooms in tbe Rue des Quatre-PatiSsiers has just been killed by his maid servant. The man was accustomed to ill-use his wife, but the girl defended her, and had frequently threatened to take the master's life if be persisted. A fresh quarrel between the husband and wife occurred a few days back, and tbe young woman, whose name is Brun, caught up a knife and stabbed him mortally in tbe abdomen. Be ex pired shortly after, and the servant was ar rested. , Mr. Maurice Collis, of Dublin, died lately. He had, says * Saunders's News Letter,' only^ week's illness, caused by bis having inflicted a slight wound upon his finger while he was engaged in extracting a tumour from a patient's neck in the Meath Hos pital. Tbe sentence imposed by Mr. Justice O'Brien at the Cork Assizes on Mr. Down ing, who tendered money to Lord Fermoy with a view to obtain a recommendation for the office of justice of the peace, is that he shall forfeit tbe £200 which he offered to his lordship as a fine. The Baroness Jnlia Ebergenyi, who, as may be remembered, was about two years back condemned to imprisonment for life, for having, with Count Chofinsky, poisoned tbe wife of tbe latter, has just made an attempt to escape from the prison of Nendorf, under tbe disguise of a nun. She was, however, detected and stopped by one of the gaolers at the moment she was about to pass through the gates. A lady belonging to a high family of Vienna was waiting for her outside with a carriage. The * Drily News* calls attention to the poweriessness of the police to check the ad vance of crime in London. Daring burglar ies are committed every night, and recently a carriage and livery servants conveyed a party of "cracksmen" to a large house in one of tbe wealthiest suburbs of London, remaining at the gates until they brought back toil, and. drove away with, the family plate. Mr. Argyle, the master of the workhouse at Ross, in Herefordshire, objects to paupers reading newspapers. At a recent meeting of guardians, Mr. Blake offered to give the paupers some newspapers to read, but Go vernor Argyle strongly objected. In the first place, be said, there would be no end of j quarrelling and fighting. Tbe men often quarrelled over tbe bible, but if he allowed tbem to read newspapers it would be worse; they would become "dissatisfied," " unruly," and "unmanageable." Hesaw a case in the papers tbe other day which, if the paupers had read, would have created a row. " There would be no living in the house," added tbe workhouse master, " if paupers got such no tions into their heads; besides, there was no light to read by, only the fire." Several guardians, on bearing this, rolled their eyes with indignation, and wondered how it was the gas had not been put into tbe work house. At length the chairman said it was, monstrous to. keep tbe paupers without light and instructive amusement; and finally the sum of forty shillings; was voted for litera ture, but nothing said about the light to read by. The influence of employment on tbe statis tics of marriage has received a curious illus tration in regard to the fishing population of j Scotland. In practice, if not in theory, tbey are good Malthusians In the North! The local registrar at Ciyhe, in Sutherland, re ports to the Registrar General of Scotland, that, owing to the failure of the herring fishery and to tbe very light harvest, no mar riages were celebrated in this district during the/year ending the 30th of September last. Also at Fetlar, in Shetland, no marriages were registered during the three months, and in this district the herring fishery proved a . complete failure. At Eyemouth, in Berwick, there was only one marriage recorded during ; the quarter, tbe reason assigned for this ; being the depressed state of the fishery trade. < At Dieppe tbe following notice has been issued by the police s—The bathing police ire requested, when a lady is in danger of irowning, to seiz? her by the dress, and not i jy tbe hair, which often remains in their ■rasp."]', . , . j Recently a farm house at Shaw End, about nine miles from Whitby, was com pletely destroyed by lightning. The only inmates of tbe boose were an bid man, named John Watson, bis housekeeper, and a little boy, aged seven years, their son. On Sunday morning, about 8 o'clock, a passer-by savj tbe bouse in ruins, and on a search being made tbe occupier and his housekeeper were found burnt to death, their bodies presenting a ghastly appearance. All three slept in the sanie room, but, strange to say, all did, not meet the same fate; for the little boy, some time after the accident, crept out from the ruins and found shelter in an adjoining building, which was not damaged. He was: little hurt. (jlne more of the great engineering works of the country may be pronounced to be finished, by the passage over the great via duct at Runcorn of the ordinary direct train ice between London and Liverpool. The Runcorn viaduct, which is the principal wozk upon the new line, is about a mile and ilf in length. Tbe journey from London Liverpool will be performed, it is ex-. ;ed, in a rtrifle over four hours, the dia- - x being 'a little over 200 miles. There be no stoppage on the way, the water supbly beinfe scooped up by the tender from tanks placed between tbe railB in the neigh bourhood of Rugby. Tbe tanks, are sup plied by an v&rtesian; well that bas been sunk I for tbe purpose. 'be 'Etehdard* maintains its assertion t a large.-loan has been contracted by tbe a b to pec tan wil the] var| of) Tb the! ren| Tb thai Dujke de Montpensier, several members of j Orleanipt party having decided to ad ce to bis Royal Highness seven millions : [rancs by means of a private subscription, is financial operation was concluded on express Condition of the Duke d'Aumale dering himself responsible for the amount, j |e sum subscribed has been taken to , Ma drid by a confidential agent. The Cortes has just inaugurated the abolition of the extreme penalty. 'A soldier in a regiment at Granada was recently con demned to death for the murder of a sergeant whom be believed to have caused him to be reduced to the ranks, and the execution was fixed. - A motion tb save him was passed with hut one dissentient voice, and a tele gram of the reprieve arrived at Granada just onk hour before tbe time fixed for the execu tion. Reinforcements continue to be sent from Spain to Cuba. A thousand men have just eniharked. thus making nearly 20,000 the nujmber or troops despatched to the Queen of | tbfe Antilles. (The ' New York Express* of Feb. 6tb states that in New York more than sixty fe males earn a living by killing babies brought to | them by their mothers, and the diminu tion of the American population in many Stjates, such as Maine and Massachusetts, is attributed to this fashionable crime. The 'New York Daily Times' of Feb. 7 says that "native Americans'* are disappearing altogether between tbe diminution of the number of marriages and the increase of in fanticide. {The British man-of-war Heron bas gone toi Caibarien to enquire into the- seizure by a Spanish frigate of the British schooner Jeff. Davis. . Five Cubans were captured on the stjhooner trying to leave Cuba for Nassau, and on their return - to Gaibarien tbey were taken from tbe guard and murdered in the sljreets. The captain and crew of tbe Jeff. Davis are .still in prison. Tbe two Peru vian iron-clads that left Pensacola recently have taken service with tbe insurgents. Tbey were in the United States service dur iig the rebellion, and were then known as the Catawba andOneota. Several filibuster ing expeditions are reported to have landed on the coast. The.death is announced of Sister Sainte Iherese at the Hotel-Dieu of Rouen, to which institution she had been attached for 51 years. She was born at Havre the 14th March, 1769. Tbe annual Italian wine-fair (Fiera di Cianduja) bas just been held at Turin. Cue hundred and eighty-three wine growers took part in it, sending 148,000 bottles of 390 varieties. The jury was presided over by a Frenchman, who declared that cftn s derable progress had been made since last year, but that the Italian produce could not at yet compete witb that of France or Spain. It is estimated tbat there remain 40,000 sirvivors of tbe soldiers of tbe First Re public and Empire, so tbat £400,000 will be required to pay the pensions recom mended in the Emperor's letter to M. Rouher. A suicide, occasioned by losses at the gambling table, bas occurred at Wiesbaden. M. Trail chant, ' a French merchant from Lyons, bad been playing for some weeks at Homburg, and bad lost every franc be pos sessed. Tbe administration, according to their custom in such cases, gave bim 42 francs on condition that be should immedi ately leave the town. This be did, and pro ceeded to Wiesbaden, where, finding him self utterly penniless, be blew bis brains out. I There were some very serious accidents at the Exeter Steeplechases recently. Major Ness, who rode his own horse, Patrick, was thrown while taking a fence ; the horse fell on bim, and another horse also fell. The major was taken up insensible with a cpt on his temple, and it is feared serious internal injuries. Another terrible accident was caused by a horse which bad refused to take a water-jump bolting amongst a crowd, knocking some into tbe water, and it is* feared fatally injuring a woman who bad her skull fractured. Two other women were also injured, one having tbe bones of her face broken. There were other minor acci-' dents. At Liverpool recently George Nicboll, a sampler, in the employ of Mr. Sykes, wine alnd spirit merchant, was sampling rum in tjbe vaults under tbe Temple, in Dale-street. By some accident be spilled a quantity of ; rum over bis clothes, and though be was seen to enter tbe vaults with a covered lamp be caught fire, and was so severely burnt that he died the same evening in fearful agonies. A marriage has been arranged between Mr. Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, who bas lately been appointed Second Secretary to her : Majesty's Legation at Berne, and Lady Anne Isabella Noel, only daughter of tbe Earl of Lovelace, and granddaughter of Lord Byron. Lord Penzance (late Sir J. Wilde) com mences his sitting in the Divorce Court this Easter Term with a long list of cases, num bering 174, of which 130 are to be tried with out juries. I It may not be generally known that at the close of tbe campaign in Abyssinia last !une, three Abyssinians, chiefs of the tribes f Ghaso, .Rassamo, and Defara Nulla Sho oes, were seized and sent down to Aden by Lord Napier, with orders, that they should be detained there as hostages until such time as the murderers of Mr. Dufton, who was attached to the intelligence department of ijbe expedition, were produced by tbe tribes. One of these prisoners, the Ghaso chief, died in the Aden gaol of scurvy -last November; and advices from Aden now report the. death qf another of the chiefs from the same cause. { The total number of paupers in the unions 4nd parishes of London the last day of the first jveek of April 1869 was 147,086. The cor responding total for the preceding year was p45,537. ;■ A grim joke has been perpetrated by one of the daily papers on Mr. Lowe's Budget:— " Therjs is but one benefit to be seen from Mr. Lowe's scheme. Hehas discounted the end of the world by three months. We shall go with clean consciences as to having paid pur taxes/' _ The almost ; tropical heat at Liverpool since Saturday was on Wednesday afternoon varied^by a. severe thunderstorm, during' which it was so dark that the use of gas was necessary for upwards of an hour. A shocking occurrence took place in the Alnwick Theatre on a recent night. Mr. i Charles Mathews performed, and the house j was crowded in every part. Between the. pieces, a young man named Turner at tempted : to pass from the gallery into the side-boxes. George Craster,assistant in the theatre, endeavoured to stop him, and a : struggle took place, the people ip the gallery encouraging Turner in bis resistance. At length, both men fell into the boxes, Craster undermost, with bis arms round Turner's neck. Craster managed to rise, but Turner was, unable to move and was carried home, where be died shortly afterwards. Ah application has been made on behalf of Madame Rachel to put. in hail pending the bearing of her application on the writ of error. Mr. Jnstice Brett declined to accept the proposed bail. At the weekly meeting of the Preston guardians, the returns submitted showed that although there are nearly 9000 operatives out of work, pauperism is on'the decrease in- j the town. During the meeting a communi cation was read from Mr. Maynard, Bold street Mill, requesting that operatives apply ing for relief shonld be directed to his mill. The prospectus has been put forth by Messrs. Baring Brothers and Co., of an issue of £11,110,000of Russian Government 4 per Cent. Bonds, the proceeds of which are ostensibly designed for railway purposes. The cash proceeds of this loan at the sub scription price show close upon £7,000,000 sterling, and it will be curious to see to what extent the; London market, already over supplied with foreign stocks in general, and with -Russian securities in particular, will respond to this fresh demand. Mr. F. S. Wilson, living near Clyde, Kansas, during the night beard, as be sup posed, some wolves .bowling near bis door. He seized his shot gun, and going to the door, fired at what he took to be a wolf. Next morning be found that it was dogs that bad disturbed him, and that be had shot and killed Miss Caroline Myers. It is supposed that she had become bewildered while looking for her cattle, and also hearing the dogs bad approached tbe bouse of Mr. Wilson only to be shot. Tbe coroner's jury exonerated Mr. Wilson from all blame. A Bill to amend the law relating to Post Office Savings Bank proposes that the Post master General may direct his officers to re-, ceive from any one depositor sums amounting in the whole to not more than £100 in any one year, and not more than £300 in any number of years. Recently a steamer wbicb plies between Italy and Tunis stopped to land fire pas sengers at La Goulette. The boat into which they entered had not got more than a few yards from the vessel when it was over turned by tbe waves. A French gentleman, named Gazeneuve, bis wife, and two sailors seeing what had occurred, immediately jumped into another boat at the quay and succeeding in saving four of them. The fifth, a young girl, was on the point of sink ing when Madame Cazeneuve, who was a good swimmer, plunged into the water and supported her until tbe rest were able to extricate them both from -their daBgerous position. The • Aberystwitb Times,* In reference to the case of the little girl at Llanfibangel-yr Artb, who is Said to have lived since the 10th of October, 1867, without food, says that a committee of respectable men was formed some time ago to enquire into the case, and three gentlemen were requested to watch the girl. These gentlemen, one of whom is a medical student from Llacdyssul, another a scholar of St. David's College, Lampeter, and the third a medical assistant, watched the girl continuously from March 22nd to April 5th, and they state that no thing whatever was given to her during that time. So the story rests, incredible, it is true, but supported by evidence which it is difficult to disbelieve. In tbe town of Bisbop Auckland there are only four master printers and stationers, and the Auckland papers of tbe 9tb April re- , corded only four births. Singularly enough, the four mothers of those four babies were j tbe four wives of those four printers. Advices from St. Petersburg relate that' the Grand Duke Nicholas of Russia, when ; lately proceeding by railway to Odessa, bad a narrow escape from destruction. The Im perial train contained, besides the Prince, the English Ambassador, Lady Buchanan, and several persons of high distinction. It had just passed at full speed over the bridge of Seim, between Koursk and Kiew, when i the whole structure fell in, and another train { which followed full of passengers was preci- j pitated into the river. Tbe number of vic tims is declared to be considerable. . j At the Dundee Circuit Court a woman of about 70 years of age was found guilty of ; having stolen a vest, and was sentenced to i penal servitude for seven years. ; The' Constitutionnel' relates the following sad story:—"The trading vessel Adelina i Eliza sailed in August, 1863, from Bordeaux | for: Hong Kong. A month later she was i spoken off the Gape, bnt never afterwards ■ heard of. A solitary survivor of the crew of j fourteen has just returned to narrate the dis mal fate of bis companions. Tbe vessel was lost on a coral bank, and the men bad only time to get into tbe long boat before she sank. They landed on a neighbouring is land and went to sleep. On awaking they found themselves surrounded by natives, who made them prisoners. Their emptors turned out to be cannibals, and gradually killed and ate eleven of tbem. The other three managed to escape to an islet not far off, but there two of them succumbed to fatigue and died. The last, after moving by degrees from one small island to another, and living on shell fish and roots, finally managed to construct a, raft. After a period which he is unable to calculate, he was at last thrown on the coast of South America." An audacious fraud, says tbe ' Gazette des TribunauxYbas been practised on a bank in Paris. An individual entered the office and offered to sell an Austrian bond of 1860. The person applied to agreed to purchase it for 990f., and on receiving it gave an order for that sum, which the stranger was to pre sent to tbe cashier. Tbe man, however, on bis way added two ciphers, so that the note indicated ten bonds and 99001. The clerk paid tbe money, and the man retired in suck haste that be neglected to sign the receipt. : The cashier ran after him to get his signa- | lure, not suspecting the fraud practised, | but the individual bad already disappeared. The fraud was only discovered at tbe end of the day. The practice of advertising by stencilling on the foot pavements, and parish posts, &c;,, in Wandsworth and Clapham has become such a nuisance that the District Board of Works has found it necessary (says tbe ' South London Press*) to undertake the pro secution of one person caught in tbe act as a warning to othem. , 