THE WOODEN LEGGED MAN. A Legend. It is a tale of a far countree, Which is call'd by natives, Sydenee. The maker of toys is at work at his trade — A devil-may-care sort of rollicking blade ; One eye keeps watch whilst the other sleeps ; One eye is gay when the other weeps ; Yet none of his neighbours would venture to say That Pardiggle's wits are the slightest astray. He works, and he mutters a bit of his mind — "Three times a day my teeth I'll grind, And rail at fate, which makes me toil, Cutting out dollies for kids to spoil ; Whilst mighty thought in my noddle knocks, And yearns to be free like a Jack from a box ; 5 Whilst idiots feast and clever men starve. And some, liue myself, have but wood to carve." He works, and he says, as he sways to and fro, " Curse my ill fortune — it bothers me so." He pauses now — for an oaken block, That had lain in the shop as old dead stock, All knotted and gnarl'd with the trace of age — Arrests his attention, and soothes his rage ; Then Pardiggle laughs — " Why 'tis tough as the deuce, Who'd ever have thought such a thing was of use ? " The lathe is whirring — huzza, huzza ! The lathe is whirring — hooray, hooray ! The lathe is whirring — the chisel keen Walks into the billet with zest, I ween : Lathe, and saw, and hammer, and plane, Are shaping a fancy from Pardiggle's brain, To turn out a figure, all spick and all span, Of an ugly, deform'd, little wooden-legged man. Pardiggle's phiz is a trifle like Jove, Though no one would call him a good- looking cove ; 'Tis the phiz of a Jove just a little askew, For the plumb line of nose is a little untrue ; And his eyes are so keen, and so sharp in their glisten, They seem to be helping his ears to listen ; And his figure is tall and ungainly to see, Like a lamp post adrift, or a spout on the spree. The lathe is silent — huzza, huzza ! The lathe is silent — hooray, hooray ! The wooden-legged figure is knocked into shape, With the form of Old Scratch — with the head of an ape ; And the toy maker chuckles, in desperate glee — "Go forth, you grim rascal — go bravely from me, And frighten to fits all the babies you see. " With this he bestow'd on the hard little chap A blow that meant mischief — a smart sounding slap : — When the puppet Cried "Drop it ; Take care what you're arter, Or I'll kick you, I will, by the points of the Charter. " And just then a thick gloom Came pervading the room, And a thumping that thump'd like the cracking of doom ; And a phantom appear'd, In a night shirt and beard, Like the ghost of some mystery Famous in history ; Whilst Pardiggle muttered, " I'm awful afeard. " "Your pardon, my friend. I have come to correct a Mistake in good manners," at once quoth the spectre. ' ' Don't think that to further a venomous spite, One tear I will bring to the eyes that are bright — One sorrow to cloud o'er an innocent face ; I wouldn't for all the blow'd toys in the place. The true British oak, out of which I have sprung, Protects, with its branches, the old and the young : — It never objects to be used by an artist, And, when tried, will be found a good match for a Chartist. So, if with round blows you belabour my image, By the hokey, my man, we'll be into a scrimmage. My strength is prodigious, I freely confess it, For Nemo, in fact, me impune laeessit. " He vanish'd. The toy maker, bursting with ire, Popp'd the wooden-legg'd puppet swift into the fire. There's a Parliament House, where men meet to discuss The affairs of the nation, with clamour and fuss — Where they seek to impress what may fall from their lips By a series of blows from stout lead-laden whips — Where they snarl, snap, and squabble, and cavil, and roar, Get drunk, go to sleep, and fall flat on the floor, Till strangers are asked, by command, to withdraw ; And the newspapers state, it is easy to see They are Masters of Arts, in the Blackguard degree — There Pardiggle stands a — big bumptious M. P. He'll bring out large shipments of fellows to toil At railways, and bridges, roads, cities, and soil, And cut out the dollies for babies to spoil ; He'll go for them himself, without favor or fear, If the Ho<se will but grant him a thousand a year. Some persons declare, as the Speaker they scan, He closely resembles a wooden-legg'd man. For England ho ! by sail and by steam, Till England's cliffs in the distance gleam, And England's shrewd and honest sons List to the biggest of Sydenee's guns ; And Pardiggle treads on the lecture- room boards, Is feted, lickspittled, and dines with lords ; But somehow misfortune has followed him there, For wooden-legg'd men always fill up the chair, And the waiter that waits with his cover and can As sure as a die is a wooden-legg'd man. There 's an elegant room ; there 's a minister great Buried in thought in a chair of state, Limning the whole of his life in a dream To the sound of the murmurs he caught from a stream ; Whilst midnight clocks toll aloud the hour From steeple and turret, from belfry and tower, And respectable people are all gone to bed, And a phantom-rigged vessel sails in past South Head. Without a pilot, a captain, or crew Into the harbor the good ship drew As if the whole chart of the channel she knew, And steering straight for Pinchgut Rock, Let anchor and cable run out with a shock ; And a messenger rush'd to the minister's office (He was not long in service — in red tape a novice) — He could only whisper, from terror nigh dumb, " Mr. Pardiggle — please sir — the emigrant 's come." In an instant a row Began, no one knew how ; On the floor — in the air — With a bump and a thump, With a thump and a bump, It came right up the stair, Like the tramp of a horse, or at least a lord mayor ; And the minister great In his big chair of state Grew sudden sofaint He could make no complaint, But shrieked, as his eyes o'er the new comer ran, ' ' Damme, if it isn't the wooden-legged man !" He called a Cabinet — made a quorum, He had the wooden-legg'd man before 'em, Remitted his duty ad valorem : The students of Demon ology will find a singular parallel to this story in "Hamilton Tighe," an Ingoldsby Legend. It is positively asserted that in reply to the invitations of the two Emigration Lecturers, Messrs. P. and D. , only one person was induced to leave England for Sydenee. The emigrant was a wooden legged man , who was sent back by the first opportunity, as narrated above. — See Sydenee State liecords. He sent him back to his parients dear With a pension at least of a thousand a year. 'Tis said that he went to the Rotten Row Of old Bobby Towns, but his vessels were slow ; So he dropped Mister Timbertoe into a barge With George Foolish Wise — the bumbailiff in charge. In George-street highway there 's an ironware store, And Pardiggles' name is hung over the door ; There are hinges and screws and hammers and nails, Ploughs, harrows, and gaslights — lathes, engines, and flails ; There are saucepans and kettles and bellows and tongs, With every hard thing that to hardware belongs : - The assistant that sells you a scuttle or pan You may take my word for it 's a wooden-legged man. 'Tis ever the same : in hall or in bower — Wherever the place — whatever the hour - - That minister sits in his mighty big chair And talks to a wooden-legg'd man in the air ; In vain does he try to evade the rude charmer — Just lately the fellow was down at Kiama ! That toy maker, statesman, and ironware man May say what he pleases — may do what he can, But one thing seems remarkably clear ; — He may die to-morrow, or live till next year : But whether he lives under blessing or ban, He '11 never get rid of the wooden-legg'd man. TAU. 