Cnrrespnttiifitrc. ' Who does not know that thousands have been . drawn to Popery owiny to our divisions."— Baxter. (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Sib, — """o numerous are the objections made to the practice and doctrines of the Church of England, that the attitude of kneeling at the sacrament of the Lord's Supper is made a serious count in the in dictment ; at the same time we look in vain for the posture of reclining, in which way the sacrament was taken by the Apostles, being put in practice in any of the modern churches. Sometimes it is taken standing, sometimes sitting, and why not kneeling ? Is it because the Roman Catholics kneel and adore and worship the wafor, having it placed on their tongue — in the Greek Church it was conveyed in a spoon — that we cannot kneel without being guilty of adoration ? We are of opinion that men may adore the elements just as much sit ting as kneeling; it is the state of the heart and not the posture of the body that defines the act. Bad' 'as the Papacy is yet there are some things that may be borrowed from her without violating either the spirit or letter of the New Testament. Upon such a principle we ought to abandon; wearing coats, boots, &o.;, because priests wear these garments, &c.; . I)r. Cumming has a good comment upon Ibis desire to overturn all old customs and to establish . new ones : " The world, at present, is like a. sick man turning and shifting on his bed. Some ;conceive that Liturgies are essential "to the' existence of a church, others conceive Liturgies should be: abolished altogether; there is 'the' Broad Church, and the High Church,' and the Low Church; clubs, societies, asso ciations; all ; projecting changes for put-: ting down old customs,1 and establishing new ones." But are the new better than the old ? However, without being wedded to an tiquated practices as immoveable land marks, or . as proofs of claims, as in the Bo- man Catholic Church, of Apostolic origin ; we are, nevertheless, of the slow school, and not disposed to advocate changes for merely change .sake, if it be not for im provement sake. And if we were to adopt posture as- a matter of importance, we would neither sit, nor stand nor kneel, but recline; on our neighbour's breast, as the loving disciple did on our Lord's, — being, the truly Apostolic mode of receiv ing the elements. The Church of England guards against any misconception on this subject; " lest the same kneeling should by any persons, fro... fro.. &a..; be misconstrued and de- praved ; it is hereby declared that, there by, no adoration is intended, or ought to be done, either unto the sacramental bread .or wine there bodily received, or unto any corporal presence of Christ's natural flesh and blood, for the sacramental bread and wine remain still in their very natu ral substances, and, therefore, may not be adored, for that were idolatry to be ab horred by all faithful christians." While the presence of Christ in the sacrament is acknowledged according to his promises (Matt, xviii. 19 — 20). the corporal presence, or the dogma of Tran- substantiation, is flatly declared " idola trous and abhorent;" that there is neither a sacrificing priest, or sacrifice, or altar, but simply the sacramental bread and wine, which elements are received kneeling " to avoid such profanation and disorder in the Holy Communion as might other wise ensue,'- and as did take place amonust the Corinthians and other more modern churches. The posture of kneeling is re garded as a reverent posture only. The body of Christ is given and taken only after a heavenly and spiritual manner, and the means whereby the body of Christ is received and eaten in the Lord's Sup per is faith in act, which is the substance of things not seen. Another objection has been started against the language of the 20th article as to the power of the church. We only regret that the church should have yielded up that power to the State, and thus, in stead of the church deciding upon rites and ceremonies, and controversies of faith. appeals are now made to the Privy Coun cil. This has been the great evil of State connexion arising from the peculiar cir cumstances of the Reformation, which was partly political and partly ecclesiasti cal. The monstrous tyranny of Rome was felt not only in the church, and by enlightened christian men, but by the rulers and sovereigns of Europe. The secular and religious powers, therefore, combined to cast off an insufferable tyranny which rode not only rampant over con science and mind but likewise over all secular powers, to the dethroning of kings, releasing of subjects from obedience, set ting at defiance the high authority of God's word ; that it is the duty of every " soul, Pope or Cardinal, to be subjeot unto the higher powers — and why ? because there is no power but of God, the powers that be ar 3 ordained of God is the civil power, is as much an ordinance of God as the church ; and those who resist that ordinance shall receive to themselves damnation." So we think all the Popes who have not only resisted the civil powers, but degraded them to be their vassals, come under this denunciation. The reformation was, therefore, a com bination of the civil and the spiritual bodies to regain their lawful position by casting down the devil-like assumption for the .Pope, who, Satan-like, assumed to be the God of this world — making powers and principalities subject to himself. In this.-.- conflict the seoular powers dreading priestly supremacy, and the church in its feebleness looking to the secular help — the former, aspired like Constantine, to govern all estates of men, temporal; as well as spiritual, and to uphold national churches, as under the Jewish dispensa tion, so' as to make the nation the . church and the church the nation ; thus it is that: the. national churches are more or less, in subordination to the State ; thus it is that the National Church of England instead of exercising the : innate power laid down in the'xx. article, carries her appeals to a secular court, where, it is true, a bishop sits with secular judges, who j udge on ecclesiastical authorities. Now, we cannot conceive any church whioh has not a tribunal, whether it be council or synod, or conference, or single churches, to lay down rules and forms of worship, and to decide upon articles of faith as their standard, of belief; were there no such standard, why disorder and confusion like that of Babel must ensue. Thus we have in Acts, the xv. the first synod to debate and decree certain matters in dispute, and the decision of this synod was sent out, not in the name of the apostles only, but of the whole church. "Know you not," saith the Apostle in the case of the incestuous man. " that we shall judge angels, Set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church." We have the clearest evidence of tribu nals being established in the church, even in the apostolic times; when we may have expected that they would have been least required. The Church of Scotland declares that it belongeth to Synods and Councils' ministerially to determine controversies of faith and cases of conscience, to set down rules and directions for the better order ing of public worship of God, and govern ment of his church, to receive complaints in cases of mal-administration, and authori tatively to determine the same, which de crees and determinations, if consonant to the Word of God, are to be received with reverence and submission, not only for their agreement with the word, but also for the power whereby they are made, as being an ordinance of God, appointed thereunto in his word. The Church of England's article on the authority of the church says, " The church hath power to decree rites and ceremonies, and authority in controver sies of faith, and yet it is not lawful for the church to ordain anything that is oontrary to God's Word written, neither may it expound one place of Scripture thit it may be repugnant to another. Whereforo, although the church be a witness and a keeper of holy, writ, yet as it ought not to decree any thing against the same, so, besides the same ought it not to enforce any thing to be believed for neccs aity of salvation." Nothing can be more guarded as to making the Word of God the only stan dard of appeal. The great error of the Church of Rome has not been in calling councils, but in making tradition and the decrees of the church equal to, if not superior to the Word of God, and in thus adopting into her creed the many dogmas which had sprung up from time to time in the con troversial writers of that church. These dogmas became embodied in the Council of Trent, as so many new articles of faith to be believed on pain of being accursed. In her case we are not left to the writ ings of her divines as to what her teach ing may be, but we have the decrees of a general council, ratified by the Pope, founded upon a mixture of divine and human teaching, elevating the latter to an authority equal to the former. Every modern section of christians, however small, having sprung from some leadership, have, we presume, their tri bunals, their articles of belief from Joe Smith to the Shakers, and the other divi sions, and sub-divisions ; the offspring in too many instances, of an unenlightened and unsubdued spirit like Hymeneus and Philetus, who eeem to consider divisions to be a higher christian duty than the bond of peace and fellowship of love. We however believe, that these tribunals or councils, synods, or conferences; ought to embody the laity, as well as the clergy, otherwise there is not an assemblage of the whole church ; and this is the great evil of Popery, that the laity, whom they term the profane, have no part or lot in the Government of the church. They are mere drawers of water and hewers of wood, dare not investigate any dogma of their church, live on a blind credulity! ' Another charge brought against the Church of England, is the power of absolution, vested in the clergy. The language of the Church of En gland may appear strong, but in the sense of the church; is it not' justifiable ? is the question. " Whose sins thou dost forgive; they are forgiven, whose sins thou ' dost retain, they are retained." So the Church of Scotland says, " To these officers the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven are.com- mitted, by virtue whereof they hove power respectively : to retain and remit sins; to shut that Kingdom against the impenitent, both by word and cehsures, and to open it unto penitent sinners,, by the ministry of the gospel, and by ab solution from censures as occasion shall require." If we look to the .visitation of the sick, we shall see that this absolution is founded upon . the repentance and faith of the sick persons. It is not a judical abso lution as in the Church of Rome, where the priest sits as God, and as suoh ab solves. The absolution prayer further illus trates the sense of the church " God hath given power and commandment to do what? — to. declare and pronounce to his people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins." Ha (God), not the minister pardoneth and absolveth jdl them that truly repent and unfeignedly believe His holy Gospel, wherefore <xc. "God hath given power and command ment to do what ?— judicially to absolve sin? No, to declare and pronounce to his people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins." We would like to know what the Gos pel is, but a proclamation of the forgive ness of sins, loosing and binding. ,: "'He that believeth shall be saved ; he that he- lieveth not shall he damned." Christ is exalted as a prince and saviour to .give repentance and remission of sins. ;We would like to know what minister would cut these declarations of absolution and remission of sins out of the Bible, ; apd then dare say he preached the. Gospel. Why, the most ordinary layman can, on the authority of God's word, declare ; ab solution and remission of sins to all who truly repent and believe. Ho can say, standing at the side of the bed of sickness, there is now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus." We do not here enter upon what was the extraordinary power of the Apostles on this subject; they and the christians of the early period possessed gifts of heal ing, discerning of spirits, and were in all probability qualified in introducing the abolition of the Levitical worship, and the introduction of the Gentiles into the cburcli of Christ, with judicial auMiority as to loosing, and binding, and forgiving sins in the name and by the power of Christ. So we see in the case of Annanias and Sapphira, Simon the sor cerer, judicial powers were exercised, so that they pronounced summary judge ment on these persons — " Peter," says a writer, " was not given the keys of heaven, but of the kingdom of heaven, the Gospel dispensation so called, which kingdom he opened to Jew and Gentile, when the crowd was converted at Pente cost, and ho baptized Cornelius and his whole household ; and so with Paul and Baruabas, who passed through Phoenicia) and Samaria, declaring: tne conversion of the Gentiles. But the apostles have no successors, and ordinary ministers have no such powers of dis cerning spirits, &c.;, and therefore they have no qualification to act judicially, but they have the fullest authority of Scripture to declare, through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sin. Believe and ye shall bo saved — the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up, and if he hath committed sins they snail be tf6f- given him. The Church of England is charged with the authorship of the Uniformity Act, and so the Church of Ireland has been charged with being the author of the penal laws, whereas any schoolboy knows these acts were of the Imperial Parliament, and Hume tells us—" that from the antipathy to Presbyterianism amongst the Members of Parliament, different parties, Independents and Sec tarians, concerned in promoting this bill, which contained many severe clauses and that the church party had suffered such injuries and indignities from secta rians of all denominations, that no moderation could be expected from ecclesiastics ; even the laity seemed disposed to retaliate upon the occasion. " , We have next raked together the ancient liturgies of Edward VI., &c.; ; one specimen will suffice to show that as the Reformers reached clearer light they abandoned these liturgies and substituted those how in use. . ..- , : ; j j: i _» AbticiiB ox Baptism. . BDWABD VI. PBE8EBT ABTXCIiB. ,. The promise of grace Baptism is not only and everlasting life, a sign of profession, ' ' Which promise is ad- but it is also a sign ' : joined to the sacrament (not thething signified) , of Baptism, inasmuch of regeneration or new. , u that infants in , their birth ; they who receive '' - infancy sliall undoubt- Baptism : rightly are iedly be saved thereby, graftedin to the Church. : or else not, which sin The promises of for- must needs bo remitted giveness of sin, and of .and which can be but our adoption to bo tho by' the sacrament' of Sons of God by tho ; Baptism. '< Holy! Ghost are visibly signed -and sealed. Faitli is confirmed and grace increased by i - virtue of prayer to v God. The baptism of young children is in " , ' > , . . any wise to be retained : 5 ri i'j in the Church. wo WO " - : g. < '>' 1 1 ; (lo be Continued.') 