TIN/ GHROST OF ARTEMUS WAIRD IN SALE. MIi Deer B-t.-Wot av u bin up 2? Due yer muther no u r oat ? or av u taken leeve of your senses, or av our senses taken leeve of u ? I was hat the cjstertaine . ing at nB-presgang. 1 gosh, scz I them there scribes r a gettin hit ! B-t is a laying hit on thick. I don't think sez I that they'll survive such an attack The Philipicks of Demosthenes. the irony of Junius, the sarcasm of Thackeray, and the thunder of the Times- the London Times-are nothing to it. But mi xklamations wer nothing kompared tothe xpre'sious of hadmiration, and the hextatick delite u gave the ladys. I deer little kreeture sittin next 2 me sed u torked like a book, one sed u were a per. feckt Adonis, another sed u were an Acis, and that she would like 2 b yor Oalatea,and wen u adfinlshed I herd a n.aiden lady of 4U sa u wer a duk 4 slating the press as u ad duin. But just himagin our disappointment and vexation wen we red in the paper on the next morning that u repudiated all in. teashun 2 kritisyze theKrittikeqr heddit the Hedditurs. There sez I that pretty pro logue has busted hitself like La Fontaine's frog. Wot a pitty was the humversall kry I that such a fine hanimal should bust hup. A kase of stontaneeus komhlbtion sez i. Hit was suggested that an hinquest should be held as to the kors of the -deth of the pro. logue. Mr Krowner was korld in and eod there was no necessity, as it was a simple kase of tetanus. Ali deer B --t, I love ynu with or mi art and sole, more deerly mi deer B--t than myself. The love Romeo bore Juliet is nothing t6 the love I bear u. Then I beg and advise that when n again give us Lamb don't give us any of yur own sauce, bekors the two don't go down well together. Don't let yur opinions av moor kurage than yourself, and dissert them in the our of nead, bekors if u do they'll korl u trater, and blush at yur pusillanimity. I don't think it was ever meant by Provi dence that yu should regenerate- the press, or be knight errant for all those who are press ridden, so therefore don't be Quixotic deer B-t, but stick 2 yur boys, and don't go beyond yur depth by attempting the grandiloquent, bekors hit is plane hit is not yur fort. He is a wise moan who lets the press alone. You " throw yourself on our indulgence and pray that to your short comings' we' will be very kind." So "we" will .deer B-t, but don't make a rope to hang yourself, or fire the bullets that others have karat, only to shootyourself, or fulminate rubbish noboddy kan hunderstand. I'll lot u orf this time B-t, since u arsk it, but mind I've gott a rodd in piklo 4 yu if yu don't behave yourself.-I am, deer B-t, your p!agurising friend, SARTEMUS. 