EXECUTION OP ARCHIBALD. On Wednesday morning last, and at abont half-past seven o'clock, a numbor of pooplo, although many less than wo cxpeotcd, crossed the fiat towards tho gaol, in order to hour and seo tho last, of Alexander Aroliibald, the aider and abettor m, it not tho instigator ol, the murder of Patrick Ualligan. Most of thoso on the ground had ordors for ndmittunco into tho precinots of the prison, and tro noticed amongst thorn many of the old friends and companions of tho doomed man. to whom he the day previously had sont mossages, ex pressing a dosiro that tlioy should bo prcsont at his execution, nnd follow him to tho gravel The prison bell began to toll about a quarter beforo eight, nnd shortly afterwards Aroliibald, ncconipuniod by the Rov. Mosst's. Carson, Hartley and Jonkyn, moved from tho condemned cell into the yard ivht re tho gallows was ercotcd, and whoro tho spectators, about eighty in num ber, wire assomblod. Although wo were aware that Archibnid was perfectly resigned to his fate, still wo did not expect to find that so littlo alteration hnd takon plaoe in his personal appearance ; he was scarcely thinner than whon he was first placed in tha dock. His step ivas firm and bis bearing calin,and he carried a bunch of Qowcrs in his hand which his wifo had brought him the day previously. After he had ad vanced a few steps, be stopped aud bowed, and then his eyes wandered over those who wero standing at his right and left, with a peculiar expression of melan choly, ivhioh was so noticenblo during the timo the trial was going forward, and which produced in tho mind of so many a feeling akin to pity. Ho appeared to bo looking for those nitli whom ho had been on torms of intimacy, perhaps in tho hope of mooting with some sign of sympathy and of regret. If t'-is wero his object, he was certain .y successful, for his bearing was altogether so humble, and his manner so frco from bravado, that few oould regard him without feeling at ibe.moment that his pettitcucu was sincere, and thut his was really a " broken and a contrite heart." He did not seem utterly depressed nnd broken down like Palmer, defiant and cold liko Williams, neither had ha that strange down look, both scowling and repttl- sivo, so nturked in Griffin. He appeared in fact to bo us otto who was conscious that ho had lod au evil life, whose sins had been brought homo to him, and who wus about to expiate, repentant and hopeful, his crimes, and to muko, bv his manner of dying, tho only reparation he possibly could, to man and to liie Maker. As lto wulked along tho path, on oither side of whioh tho (lowers wore blooming, he listened with respectful attention to tho words which fell from tho Rev. Mr. Curson who procodod him, although at tho sumo timo his eyes roved about him as if hungry to catch the lust look of old aud familiar faces. Behind him walked tho Rev. Messrs, Hartley and Jonkyn und tho officials ; when lie urrived nt the foot of tite ladder, with heud bent, ho remained standing, according to the fashion of tho Presbyterian church, of which ho was a member, while Mr, Carson prayed, and ut the cloeo of every sentence, when ltis soul was commended to tho mercy of Heavon, or when Itu was doscribod as one ro- ponlunt, he answered " Yes ! yes !" nnd at tho conclu sion of the sorvica for the dead ho said in a loud, firm voioo, " allien I amen !" Mr. Hartley and Mr. Jonkyn both offered up pruyors ; whon the former aommenccd, Archibald appeared as if ho did not know what to do, but tho gaoler whis pered to him and ho knelt down — but his uttention seemed soraowl|ut to fiag, for although he occasionally said " yes" — ho omitted to repeat " union" mora than onuo, and his old look of ontrouty wandered from face lo face; many turnod their heade away un able to meet his glance, and we could almost feel that every man in tho yard was trembling with emotion — men who had looked with almost loathing upon Wil liams, und who hud rogardod, if not with indilforonca, still with little pity, the speechless, signless Palmer. Almost immediately after Mr. Jonkyn had conoluded, tho voice of tho doomed,- and justly doomed, man roBo calmly and firmly in extempore prayor. archibald's prayer. O, Lord God, our most nieroiful and Heavenly Fathor, 1 thank thee that thou haBt allowed mo to live a life of 28 years, tho groater portion of whioh I have spoilt in sin, wickedness, and misory, and I thank Theo that thou hast given mo ' a fow woeks in priaon, in order that I might be brought to ropontnne'e ; that Thou hast enabled me to road Thy blessed Book, that Thy light might shine into my eoul. O, Lord, thou hast indoed shewn Thyself a God of meruy to mo ; Thou hast giveu me strength and comfort, and I can regard my coffin with as littlo fear as I did my bed. O, Lord, I thank Theo for the discharge Thou bast givon mo from life and siu, and I hope thut my fate will striko torror into tho hourta of tho wicked of all tbo world. I was lod on by my sins blindfolded to tho gallows, and now, O, Lord God, look down with pity upon mo. I thank Theo that I was cleared of those dreadful irons this morning, and that I am as I am — may I bo considorod by all tho world as a living snorifioe, und I givo up to Theo my spirit, O, Lord, wholly I ltopo accept ublo to Theo. 1 beseech Theo to hoar my prayor, O Lord, for my dear wife and chil dren, watch over them, bless them, and direct them in tho path of righteousness. O, God bless them. O God, I pray for my oneniies, nnd forgivo thoso wliu gave evidence aguinst me, us 1 forgive thorn, and I pray for those who porjurod thomsolves, if tlioy did so. I thank Thus, 0 God, that Thou hast enabled me to livo to bo ublo to ask pardon for thorn and for myself as I havo done. I rogrot dcoply that any ono should have boon curBod, God forbid that I should ourse or be cursed by utiy man, aud I hope that all will freely forgivo me ue I forgivo them, I havo to thank God that I have no enemies, and I hope' that I shall meet all my relatione and friends in Heavon. I saw tho likonose of Our Saviour yesterday, aud I said I shall see him iu reality iu Hoitvoti to-morrow. I thank tho authorities for allowing my frionds to soo uio. O God, havo mercy upon mo, hnvo moroy upon mo for my Saviour Christ's sake. Amen, Anion. Ho dwelt upon tho last word With marked om- phasis, and when he had finished liio prayor, tlioro wore but fow prosoiit, who did not look " upon tho prostrate man as ono ' who was dooply eonsiblo if his sins, and as ono who, how- ovor ho might bavo erred, was not to bo utterly con demned and cast out- Aroliibald roso and asked tho gaolor wliothor ho might place tho flowors in tlio coffin ? receiving an nnswer in the ulllrmativo, lie walkod from tho foot of tho scaffold to the placo where tho coffin was lying under tho drop ; tho till wbb lifted up for him, nnd ho managed to place tho flowors on tho spot whoro hie head would rest. Ho looked for a moment or two calmlv on the bod upon which ho was so soon to lio, and without making any comment walkod com posedly book to tho foot of tho gallows, and aBkod tlio Rov. gentlemen to accompany him to tho drop. Ho mounted the stops steadily, but without tlio slightest affectation of hasto, and as ho wont ho said, "Thanks bo to God, I am climbing to Hea ven." Upon renohing tho platform tho rope was directly placed round liis nook, and lio intimated to ' tho hangman that ho waB desirous of spanking. He thon Btoppod forward, and said in a loud voico, althought at times it tromblod, nnd abowod tho ' strugglo that was going on within him. " Donr frionds I will say n fow kind|words to you bofora I lonvo thiB wiolcod world ; I liopo and trust that my words, and that my fonrful ond, will go forth and not only mako an impression upon you, but bo a warning to you and to all tho .world. I Bltnll say nothing about my trial, about its fairness or unfairness, nor shall I say any thing about tho past. I bloss thoso who dis covered my sin ; I bloss my countrymon who found mo guilty, and thi judgo who sontencod mo ; God bless his soul, and may ho livo long to administer that justico whioh ho has always tomporod with moroy. I have prayed lata and oarly for all thoso wilnosses who com mitted perjury ngniiiBt mo — if they did so — and I havo prayed for all nnd everybody Into nnd oarly. I now want to show you that tlioro ia much difforonco bo- tweon mo and n man who has tho animal oourago to oommit a murder. Tliero is a difforonco botwoen a limn possessing animal courage sufficient to enable to walk up to a man and doliboratcly shoot him, and thon to walk to tho gallows without fear, and mo, for tho strength I huvo got is from tho Almighty; tho Almighty has giyen me strongth to say thoso fow words to you, nnd to meet my. doutli hopefully. I do not say this from any outward boast, that some black guard may say that I died gaino; God forbid that I should die liko a cur. I thank my God thut I can do hotter than that, and meet my death as a Christian, and I trust and hopo thut whon all of you moot death, you may moot it with tho sumo faith and peace as I do. I am an uneducated man, and my position is a very, painful ono, nnd I have not language sufficient to ad dress vou as I Bhoultl like to do ; I liavo not laugungo enough to express my feelings, but I hopo what I do say will be acooptablo to you and to all tho world. I trust that nil of you who aro young men will koep away from drink, bad company, and raoo-horsos; for thoy have been my oureoa. I liopo that some of my, old friends I now see boforo mo will givo up all thoir old habits. ' God bless you nil ; may the words I have spoken here bo hoard throughout- all tho world. I pray God lo mnko'you ull bottor, and that when your timo comos you trill meet death with a smile on your lips as I do notv. Farewell ! I wish yon a merry Christmas and a liappy Now Year, for I know that I am going to pass mine in tho presence of my Saviour in joy. Farowell I Farowoll ! " Tho offect of these words spoken with but littlo hositation, and at timos with grcnt pathos nad earnest ness, will not roadily bo forgotten by thoso who hoard thorn. Not ono thcro oxpoctod thut ho would havo had sufficient nervo to utter a syllublo ; not one there who had known him of old and listcnod to his aon-- vcrsution could at all understand how bo wonderful a clititigo could huvo been offeoteil in sovon weeks, and ' how tho wild, nareloss, dare-devil Aroliibald could thus stand on tho scaffold and teach by words and actions how i.n irring human creature ought to meet liis Maker. Turning from -tho spootntors ho roquosted Mr. Carson to offor up another prayor. That gontle- ' man directly complied, and said: — Into Thy morcitul hands O' Lord we cointnond tho soul of Thy sorvant — now about to bo severed from his body — receive him, we commend Theo into tlio amis of Thy moroy. Arohibald : Yes. Let not his fuith wavor, nor his hopo fail, Archibald : Ns 1 no ! Let him diu in peaco, rest iu liopo, and die in giory. Arohibald : Yes. Tho revorend gentleman thon taking Archi bald's hand said aloud: — "Dear brother, God tho Fathor who hath created theo ; God the Sun who hath rcdoomed thoe ; God the Holy Ghost who hath onfused grace into theo, bo now and overnioro thy defence. Aroliibuld : Yos. Assist theo in this thy last Trial, and bring thoo to ovorlnsling joy — Amen." With his voice trembling with emotion, Archibald repeated tho "Amen." For a moment he stood perfectly still, and thon said " I hnvo forgotten to say good-byo to Mr. Hartley;" ho turnod round to and shook hands with Messrs. Hartley and Joukyn, und said " good-bye." The reverend gentlemen gavo him tho parting bone- diction, aud left tho drop. As thoy did so Archibald said " tho Lord have moroy upon me." lie thon step ped forward and said to tho spectators, " I should liko to hear one word from you all for my poor soul's suke. Lot me hear you say ' the, Lord havo mercy upon you.' " Thoso words were uttored in such a tone of strong and earnest appeal, that " the Lord havo meroy on your soul " welled up as it wero from the people, who wore most of them apparently afl'ootod. When the sound of tho prayor had died away, tho stillness while ono could have counted ten, was almost painful ; then Archibnid in a loud, olear, and w-liat mny be called au exultant voico exolaimod "Thank yon I thank you! God be thanked, I oan now dio in peace !" Ho drew a little back and said " Fear not! fear not! Let not the body bo afraid ; let your hearts not be troubled, but bo filled with song — God bless you all." Tho hangman directly pluccd placed the whito cup over bis head ; during the oporution he was still praying, and his last look upon those who stood bonoath him wub oalm, and as ho had promisod there was just the flicker of a smile upon his lips. This was the Inst glimpse that wus caught ol the living faco of Archibald. Tha cap was fastened, and from boliiud it oould bo heard "O' moroilul God recoi — . . Tho prayer was never completed by words, for at that instant tfio signal was was given by tho Deputy Shoriff; thoro was a Bharp grating sound, tlio simultaneously tho trap and tho body of Alexander Archibald (ell, and the bouI of the last of those threo misoraolo men, who had beon con cerned ill tho murder of Hallig.in lmd flown to. meat thoso of his partnors in orimo, to plead for, and let us hopo, to obtain forgiveness Tha sudden falling of the trap appeared to take Arohibald by surprize, ho evidontly started when he . heard tha first click of tho bolt, and tbo lust word in his lips was broken — if wo may uso tho term — in two. His daatli must huvo beon instantaneous ; hardly had the living form shot down, beforo the dead body was swinging in spaco, thon revolving for a moment or two, and thon remaining stone still, with the covered face turned towards the wall, exactly in the samo manner as did that of Griffin. He could not havo suffered any pain ; tho oxeoutioner had performed his duty with a skill, ivhioli, undor such sad oiroumstanoes, deserves praise. The limbs of tho body wore straight, and the hands blackenod fast, and thoro was no nocd for tho body to hang the legal half-hour, in order that life might bo prouounoed extinot. After Dr. Salmond had performed his usuul unpleasant duty, the hangman out the cord and the body foil, wo thought, without too muoh care boing takon, into tho cofflnj and orushod tho flowers that lay hardly discolored, and Btill Bwcot sconted, and of as muoh worth ns tho sonsoless body, that ooyerod thorn. Upon tho oloth being rcmovod from the face, wo wore surprized to see how lit tlo al teration had takon placo ; the lipB wore hardly swollen nnd tho tonguo protruded bat slightly from the mouth, the eyos wore noarly olosed, a oircumstanoo, we .bo- liove, yory unusual, and nlsogcthor thorn was a calm ness and peace about tlio countenance whioh provoil how painlessly life had passod into doatli. In a. fo.w minuteB tho yurd was cleared, and those who had wit-' nosscd tho torriblo sceno roturnod homo, never, wo firmly boliovo, to witness a parallel one. A post mor tem examination of tho body took plaoe by Dr. Slmond, assisted by Drs. Thon, Callaghnn, and McNcoly, and during the afternoon it wub huriod iu tho presonco of a numbor of tho old companions of tho unforunuto man, tho ministers who attended him offioiating.' Of late Aroliibald was no troublo at all to the gaol authorities, ho oheorfully complied with tho regula tions ; he was visited frequently by his wife, to whom he was muoh attaohod, and with whom wo understand ho lived happily, in Bpito of his reoklcss conduot j Bbo frequently prayed with liirn and appeured to fool mobb acutely ; of his ohildron he was oxtromely fond, and his parting from thorn was affeotiiig in tho extreme When ho was convicted it was boliovcd that ho in tondod to starve himself ; and tins boliof was not with out foundation, for lio oonfossoil oftorwardB to the Rov. Mr. Jonkyn that ho inonnt to do so, but that tlio teachings of his spiritual advisors so workod upon him that ho gavo up tlio idea, and that " lio might bo Bafoly trusted with sixteen razors." Ilis favorite hymn was " Thoro is a lnntl of puro delight," and lto continuully asked tho ministers to sing it to hint ; after a timo tlio prisoners who hoard it usod to join in tho singing ; ho would thon bo— in tho words of ono of tho Rov. gon- tlomon — " vory demonstrative," and would eall out " Do you hear that, hour them? " When walking in tho yard iio would, at timos wlion lto saw tho fomnlo prisoners, warn thorn against drink nnd hud company, and wlion in tho littlo onolosuro if ho pcrcoivod any of them ho would attract their attention, and strike his breast, and mako signs to them to pray for him, wbilo thoy would call out, " Wo havo Arohibald. Wo huvol" As wo have boforo stated whon ho entered prison ho could not road, but bv steady porsovorance ho was in a fow weoks enabled to got through a obaptor in tho Biblo with but littlo assistance. Aftor tbo gallows was orootod, ho shuddered when ho lookod at it, and could hardly bo prorailod upon to approach it, or indeed to lako his usual exor- ciso, but latterly ho hod lost nil foor of it, and would regard it for minutes togothcr, and expressed frequently a desiro that tho day of his oxocution should quiokly arrivo. On Tuesday afternoon his wifo visited hitu for tho lost tiuio— over that mooting wo willingly draw a veil — wo can imagtno but wo oannot doscribo it. On tho samo afternoon Messrs, Jonkyn and Hartley wore with liirn ; thoy wero roliovod at six o'clock by Mr. Carson, , who remained with him until half-past sovon. At ton o'clock Messrs. Hartloy ond Jenkyn returned, and did not quit him till about ono, when thoy loft him thoy bogged him to tnko sumo rest, which ho at first doclinod to do, but finally ho con- soil ted, and slopt till half-past four, whon Motors. Hart loy and Jonkyu wore again by his sido, preparing him for tho fearful trial boforo him. Thoy prayed ond song with him, lie making as a last request that thoy would obiigq him with his favorite hymn. At a quarter past sevqii Mr. Carson arrivod, and remained with him to tho last. Ho made a light breakfast, and submitted pationtly and without a murmur to bo pinionod, and oxprossetl himeolf as boing porfootly willing to moot death. He thanked all tho offioiols, osponiolly Mr, Sbeoliy and Donnelly, for their kindness to him, and bado tli'om good bye, with a hopo that God would bless tliern all. During tho oxocution, tho polico undor tlio command of Silb-inepoctor Elliott, bohavod with thoir usual de corum, nnd it is a pity that tlio Voluntocrs did not follow thoir example, for they, undor tho oommnnd of Sorgoant Hurley, did not- arrive at tho priaon until Aroliibald was delivering his extempore prayer. Tlio stillness of tho sceno wus first broken by a loud and continued knocking at tho prison gate, and presoutly wo hoard tho tread of feet through tho corridor, nnd to our utter surprise, nnd somotbing more, sixtoor. of tho Volunteer forco ontored tho ysrd, in their noisiest stylo, and halted to tho loft -of tho soaffold ; sorgoant Hurley gavo his orders ns if ho wero on tho drill ground, and the men wont through their usual move ments with a noise and with an uttar indifforonco of the awful aolomnity of the scono whioh was to us mar- ' vollous as it was roproheuBiblo. Tbo words of the djring man wero for a moment or two completely sinothorod iii tlio noise of shuffling of foot, tho sharp sqnnd of tho riflcB as they struck tho ground, and tho words of command, To make matters worse, a dog liad soma how or anothor obtained an ontrntice, and yelped when bo was boaton back. Wo need hardly 'obsorvo that tbo faces of tlio speotators shewod both anger and sli'.ine at suoh unseemly nnd Old Bailey liko interruptions, und when the sad corotuony was com pleted, tho ganoral indignation was expressed in no very inoaBured terms. If tbo Volunteers wore not at tho gaol in time, their own sonso of doconcy should liavo mado thorn remain quiotly outsido, but it would appear as if thoir dosiro to witness tho excoution, whoro thoy wero not wanted ovorcamo tboir bottor footings, and mado thorn thrust thomsolvos forward demonstratively, nnd wo must add offensively, upon n scono which at tho timo, was exceedingly solemn and nffocting. May wo aBk whether the Voluutoors aro without a oaptain or a lioutonant ? or aro they really in existeiico, but only show tliemsolves when duty ia a pleasure ? Wo havo always supported tho volunlcors, and oxpressod our ad miration of their goncral bearing and conduot, wo are thoroforo indoed sorry to bo compolled to perform our duty, and take notioo of n oiroumstanco whioh is as disagreeable for us to speak about ns it must bo for those wo condemn to hoar. What are wo to say about Archibald ? Was ho re pentant or was he not ? Nine-tenths of thoso who saw him dio, and heard him sponk his words of hopo, re proof and warning ; those who knew him host and witnessed him, without ovon a visible tremor, puss through an ordoal which has s'nakon tho norvos of men who wore notod through life for dosporato d. ring and for courago whioh novor quailed — firmly bolievo that his contrition wub deep and real, and that it was his faith alone whioh sustnined him in his last momontB. While thoso who, at all litnos, placo bnt littlo reliance on doath-bed repentances, and who conceive that foar and not gonuino roniorso is tlio agont by which tlio oon- seionco and not tlio lionrt is brought to such a condition tlmt hopo for. a timo triumphs even over tho dread of starting for that bourno wlionoo no travollor returns — appeared to entertain eorno doubt wliothor thoir doc trine was so firmly based on truth as thoy fanoiod. We might almost assort that wo havo hardly any right to sock for the causes beyond thoso of religious instruc tion, which guvo Archibnid sticli wonderful and totally unlookcd for courago. We ounnot say positively that . ha was repentant, bub wo dure not affirm that ho wus ' not— therefore wo aro driven to dcolaro wo hopo lie was sincoro. If his manner of mooting death, (knowing his general character as we did, and being fully aware as ' we were of liis dreadfully doprcssed and abject condi tion when ho was convicted) — can be accepted ne a proof of his penitence, then wo must acknowledge that some agont poworful for good had oorapleted its mission, whipped tho offending Adam out of him, aud luid him prostrate and contrite at tho feet of his Saviour. Ar chibald was not possessed of animal courago — ho ac knowledged it on tho soaffold — when an ignominious death first etarcd him in tho faco, he iell baok orushod nnd appalled — ho was literally mud ; ho would do any thing to secure the, to him, priceless boon of lifo: thus wo find that ha turnod informer and traitor, oarolcss of whoso existence lie sacrificed, wheso good liamo ho soiled, whoso honor ho impoacliod. Whon lio found thoso miserable twistings aud turnings wero of no avuil, lie became sullen and yet cunning ; ho attempted to escape, he was foiled ; he uttomptod in tlio plainest terms to induco an'officor to commit perjury, again he failed ; then ho would starvo himself, do anything to got rid of his wretched existence. Horo we have overy proof of the lowost rango oi cowardice — thorevras not a particle of real manhood visible, and ovory ono who watched him, who knew of his base villunies and of his shake liko writbings, felt that thoy could put their feat .upon him without aompunotion — lio was loathsomo ,'and loprous — ha. was bolter anywhere than in the world ; ho encumbered and disgraced it — and so thire was neither pity nor sympathy for him. Then again wo find him elowly olearing himself from tho slime in which ho was onvoloped ; we find him paying respect to his spiritual advisors, then taking a pleasure iu their society, then seeking consolation and life eternal at tlioir hands, and at last we see him mount tho scaffold without a tremor ; wo hear him pray, we listen to his oxhortations, to hie exultations at the idoa of hie meeting hie Saviour — and wo ask — how did all this come to pass ? Ho was guided by some light; ho was supported by something, or he would have fallen a desperate, helpless wretoh at tho foot of tbo gallows. What was that something ? It muet have boon a epcoics of fanutio faith or tho sublimity of hypoorisy — that is, Archi bald had beon positively oheating himself into the idea that lie was repentant, and that he was mounting Heavenwards by tho gallows, tho foot of whioh ho had readied by his crimes. Thon again we must remember that ho did not onco refer to tho sin for the committal of which ho was about to be hanged; , ho novor mentioned Halligun's namo; he did not make tho Blightest allusion to the guilt of Palmer or of Williams. He avoided the subject, ho gonoralized his iniquities, and shook off as something too horrible theono whioh hauutod him. Muny think that had he beoa thoroughly repentant, ho would have confessed ail- but not a syllablo oscapod him. Ho was a crafty, ignorant, bad-hearted ntan, regarding orimo without aversion and looking on ein without repug nance; ho was startled when brought faco to face with laete, thon frightened, and grasped eagerly at the only idea lio could grasp. He wob told ho had sinned, thut if ho ropontod and gave proof of it he would bo saved — woll, ha gave this proof aftor his own faBhion. He made tha whole of the last aot purely molo-draniatio ; he nimed ut effect and soiisation, and suc ceeded. Tho bow whioh ho mado at his outranco was the man to tho lifo, he wautod immediate sympathy.; tho buuah of flowers was emblematiosl of his newly born imiooenco ; his prayor for his onomios was to provo tlio forgivingnoBB of ltis disposition; ltis hinting at per jury was just sufficient to cast a shadow of BtiBpioion upou tho minds of his henrera that such a orimo had boon porpetratod ; bis " Merry Christmas and bnppy now year," brought up visions of bright fuoes and liappy homos, and was sure to awaken kindly foolings : tho dropping of tho (lowers into tbo oofiln was a fitting proludo to tlio bitter cry, " Lot mo bear you prny for mo." All was forcod, dramatic and wholly uunutural, and whon tho curtain droppod wo wore mora amazed than affected, and wore rather inelinod to ap plaud than to troop. Still, for all this lto was, or be lieved hiuisolf to ho repentant, and to liavo ovan that boliof, ho must liavo had a faith suffioiout to sustain him through tho foarlul scono. He did not moan to bo theatrical, but ho oould not holp it ; ho was wrought up to a certain pitch, and as ho was always demonstrative, his fcelingB rushing headlong in a now direction, wore more powerful from the tromond- ous soeno whioh waB oponod to him. Wo do not caro to pursue I ho inquiry any further, tho opinions of those who know how ho liyod and how ho died, will always bo divided, and we would rather be on tho Bide of thoso who think charitably of him. Of this ono thing, how- ovor, wo aro oortain, if ho wore truly repentant ; if ho did leap from a condition of infi tits darknoss into ono of infinito light, and those woudorful olinngos wcro wrought by thoBo who atlondod him whilo ho was in prison, thon wo say, wo wore presented tvi'li tho greatest and most undoubted argumont in favor of not doing away with oapitul punishmonl— for both tho criminal and socioty wero savod. 