THE- ALLEGED SPIRIT, PHOTO- GRAPHS. Mr Mumler's Defence The Case Against Him Dismissed. The case of W.H. Mumler, which was reported as before the Temba Police Court, new York, in the papers by the May mail, ended on the 34d of that month, by the dismissal of the accused. Mumler, it will be remembered, was charged with pretending to take photographs of the spirits of departed friends or relatives of his sitters, and so obtaining money under false pretences. The hearing of the case lasted for several days, and excited itense interest, as much from the character, position and statements of some of the wit- nesses as from the singularity of the charge itself. We take the following report of the conclusion of the case from the Tribue of the 4th May: oem from the Tribune of the 4th May: The Special Session Court Room at the Tombs was crowded yesterday morning, by an interested audience, comprising many of the most distinguished spiritualfi and lawyers of this city, besides delegations from other classes of societ, the attraction being the summing up of the interesting case against Wm. H. Mumler. At 10 o'clock Justice Dowling took his seat, and after the discussion of various legal technicalities between counsel, Mr Mumler read the following state ment: "In 1861, in the city of Boston, while engaged in business as an engraver, I was in the habit of visiting a young man, who was employed in a photographic gallery kept by a Mrs. Stewart, on Washington street Occasionally I would experiment with the instrument and chemicals. One Sunday, while entirely alone in t gallery, I attempted to get a pioture of myself, and then it was that I first discovered, while developing it, that a second form appeared upon the plate; at this time I bad never heard of spirit pioture?, although I had been somewhat interested in the dootrine of Spiritualisim .t first I laboured under what is now the general impression, that the plate upon which the pioture was taken could not have been clean, and that the form which showed itself beside my own must have been left on the glass, and I so stated to my employers and others. Subsequent attempts, however, made under circumstances which preclude such a possibility, have confirmed me in the belief that the power by which these forms are produced are beyond human control and the experts that have been called by the people have failed to produce a c made in that manner. I wish to state that at the time I developed the shadow or form above alluded to, I was a complete novice in the art of photography, and had no experience whatever in the composition of chemicals used in the business, and that my use of them in my experiments at that time was simply in conformity with what I had seen my friend do, while himself engaged in his busi ness. After getting the form of tbe plate, at the sug-, gestion of several friends to whom I showed the plate, I made other attempts and generally with most remark able results; I then determined to leave my own busi ness and devote myself to photography. Before long the subject of spirit photography, and particularly my success became the theme of every tongue, and I was overrun with people of inquiring minds, and was ob liged to go over and over again, for their pleasure, the routine of taking and developing the pictures ; for long time I never refused any person who came to invest igate; it soon became apparent, however, that I must either stop it or cease to support myself, for, as a gene ral thing, these savans, while greedy themselves for intellectual food, seemed entirely oblivions to the fact that I myself was a material body. (Laughter. However, I can truly say that I have never refused, in tentionally, any person who desired to have a picture taken from making every examination or inquiry they chose to make ¡ and bad I buen allowed in this examination to have produced evidence from abroad, I oooldhareahowi by scientific men, whose names would have satisfied every one, that the most careful and minute examina tions have often been made into all the details of my business while I have been engaged in taking pictures I solemnly assert here that I have now but compara tlvely little knowledge ot photography, or chemicals or science of any kind, farther than ia absolutely needed to take ordinary photographic pictures | I posi tlvely assert that in taking the pictures on which these forms appear, I have never used any trick or device, or availed myself of any deception or fraud in producing them ; that these forms have appeared in each and every instance when they have been presented without any effort, except my will-power to produce them : in regard to the testimony of Mr. P. T. Barnam I would say that I can solemnly make oath thatl never communicated with him verbally or in writing, nor did I ever know that he had written, or was writing any thing in regard to spirit photography ; and I further ' say, that if he had any piotures taken by me, he must bave received them from some other person ; in regard to the testimony of Mr. Tooker, I have only to say that he came to my gallery apparently in the same way that other strangers were want to come ; as there was nothing particular to keep him in my remem- brance, my memory in regard to him is stronger in its application to the form which appeared upon his pic- ture, which I then thought the most villainous I had ever taken ; I am now satisfied from tho manner in which ha came there, under an assumed name, or, more vulgularly speaking, with a lie in his mouth, and with the purpose, which subsequent events have shown, that he get what was promised him, i. e., the spirit nearest in sympathy with himself. In regard to my conversation with him, I can only say that I have never, under any circumstances, guaranteed to anyone that a spirit form would appear. As to my refusal to en- tertain propositions from the self-appointed committee of photographers who appeared in my rooms since my arrest, and who desired, as I am informed by Mr. Quay, to make me take pictures for them, whether I would or not, I have only to say that since my arrest I have placed myself entirely in the hands of my counsel and have been guided by his advioe, and I am pleased to say that one of the first cautions he gave me was to refrain, during the examination, from being led into any trap of that kind ¡ having been charged with a crime, which temporarily at least, placed me before the public in the same category with gamblers and men of that ilk, I have been deprived of the privilege of having my utensils seized at the time of my arrest. (Hero Judge Dowling said : I was applied to to have your tools seized, but refused to bave it done because I disapproved of such proeeedings), Mr. Mumler oontinued : If I had been engaged in such nefarious proceedings as I am charged with, the implements themselves would have been the strongest evidence against me ; they were not touched; they have stood ever slnce in the position they have always occupied in my gallery, and for the safety of others, who may hereafter be called to occupy my place in a Coourt of Justice, I sincerely hope that such proceed- ings may cease." Mr. Townsend, on behalf of the défendant, first addressed tho Court. After an able introduction, Mr. Townsend said he should first direct his Honor's atten- tion to what appeared to be legal aspect of the cate. First, what offenes was charged by Marshal Tooker? In bia ovidenoo the latter bad said: "He (Mnmler) promised me a pioture of a relative er of One nearest in sympathy with me ; he failed to give me one." Bat he saja, also, he waa told by Mr. Gnay that, tpirit piotures could not be guaranteed ; that he was told by Mr. Mnmler tbat be ooald take spirit photographs, and tbat he (Vnmler) professed to be quite sanguine of success, as he considered deponent a person likely to have a spirit presenoe. In bia oross-examiaatton, he refutes the idea that Mr. Marnier promised o spirit piotnre. This is at most a breach of oontract. If in the infanoy of the eleotrio telegraph Professor Morie had been enabled to send some mcaatges to Biston, bnt sometimes failed through. want of continuity, and a disbeliever came to hisoffioo and the same conversation 'occurred aa stated here, would it be fraud, would it bo at breaoh of contract f Bat go further for srgomont, . allow'that Mr. Mnmler professed to give him a spirit Siotnre, we answer there is no evldenoo that Mumler id sot give him a spirit pioture ; farther, there Is no ovidenoe that the form presented on the plate ia not the nearest in sympathy with bim. Spirits are supposed to have Intelligence. Year Honor may have sean exhi- bitions where peraona have been seen to do abtnrd abinga st tho will of the operator. Tbat aotion Ii purely mind upon mind. Spiritualists believe that when the body Is o ist aside the mind ha* tho samo power. If suoh Is tho oaie, the spirits knew when looker oame that he waa there with a falsehood in hie mouth; that he was attempting an outrage under the guise of friendship. Thoy tonghi to pnnith him, to give him evldenoe of their preteuoe bv preheating the mott rlllalnoBs fioe they oonld, and it coat him ten dollars. If the aptrlta are really trying to make them- selves teen to us in these days, would not such a face M «fae one apparent on this plate be tho most likely kind sf spirit to be In affinity with one who would try to atop them. There is no evldenoe that Mumler knew be oonld not give a tpirit piolare. There is abundant ovldenco that he believed he oonld give a spirit picture, The legal prainap lion of Innocence surroontis him. He lg presumed to Ibo of good moral obaraotor and every reasonable doubt of hi) guilt belong« to him- , He hm been before the pnblTo taking tnese piotorei for «oren years, and hos been subjected to orltioal examination over and over again by the best experts, Mr Townsend then entered into the evidence given by the respective witnesses for tho defenoo. Mr. Marnier bus obtained'spirit piotnres in strange plaoes, on other instruments and with strange obemioald. The piotures thus obtained have been re* cognized by the sitters, io many instances, as deceased friends and relatives, Mr. Onay hos been present many tim's "When they were recognised. Judge Edmonds recognised one, Here tbe learned counsel gave a syn -psis of the testimony, making ootnmentarfos as he prooeeded. He oont'nned: Five hundred persons could have given similar te. timon j to thom who had besn called fur th» defenoe. Mr. Mumler has been here but a few months, and it ls wondnr.nl tbat so many res- pectable people would come without demtnd. He on fained pictures of persons dead who bad no piotures taken during life. Ho took these piotures sometimes without oven touching the oamera. He look bis plc* turon through a yellow light, with no gas. Teere is so evidence that Mumler pretended to do what he know to be false, and consequently the whole element of the crime ls wanting. Mumler may be arong In savina he oas give a spirit picture, but tbat does not constitute a O'imf, unless he knew he could not give one. Upon tbe pr secntion's own showing Ibis oase mnst be dis- missed. It will not ohange a heilerer, or prevent ono from believing Spiritualists will stasd by him at all hazards to tb« utmost extremity. The oase ia a court of justice should be looked npon simply as one of law. But suppose thea» defences sbeuld fail, WP come to our affirmative defence, namely (1) tbat spirit piotnres oan be taken It hos bees proved tbat the piotnres of the dead have been taken (2). That suoh piotures have been taken, where there was co pioture af the deoeassd in existence. These two things have beon distinctively, ' postively sworn to by unimpeached witnesses, and in a judicial proceeding suoh as this testimony must oontrol, unless it has been overborne by countervailing evldenoe. Now let us look at this countervailing evidence. It is proved that shadowy, ghost-like piotnres can be produoed hy other photographers. Everybody acquainted with photography knows that to be so ; it has never been denied by us j Mumler's oiroolar says that But still the question remains-and if is the real question in the case -Can suoh shadowy piotures BB produced by others be the piotures of the dead 7 Bat even against tbe testimony for the prosecution, wbich waa theory, we have direct praotlcal ovidenoe, Mr. Holl, their princi- pal witness, seleoted among other numbers 5, 7, 10 (Mr, Gilmore) for the defence, ss having been made by a reflection from a negative plate. Mr. Gilmore says that he was warned of this particular way of taking them by Gurney, and watched closely, and there waa bat ene plate when it went Into the slide or when it was developed. And Hall says it oould not be developed by yellow light, wbieh was done. The belief of all Splritualiata who ese soirics ie that they are governed by their own light ; that their appearance does sot depend at all opon our own conditions. They claim to see them in tbe dark. If so, mnst tbev not be governed by some other power of illsminttion t The appearance of Moses and Elias and their sudden disappearance; Balsam and bis ass meeting tbe Bpiriton th J way (the ass saw it, Balaam did not); the witch of Endor raising Samuel before Saul ; BOO saw bim-he did not In referring to P. T. Barnum, Hr. Townsend characterised him as being a pretty illustration of humbug, and very properly called by the prosecution. He is a min who smells ef fraud in the very nostrils of tbe people of New Tork ; be is never spoken of but 1 as one who has cheated the people for years. In speaking of other deponents far the prosecution Mri Townsend said there were the would-be savana who had bean put on by the prosecution. Now what bind of a man must Hr. Mumler be to oarry out their pro- cesses in practice P To give likenesses of the deoeased, bo must have not only a grandmother or other relative of most every person likely to call, and mast then have the power of adapt- ' lng them properly, or else every man who calls must be presumed to bo BO imaginative that he cannot tell his own mother or ebild from some one elis. Hs must be ?o dexterous in seleeting these négatives that he oan- ; not be discovered ; ho must have tbe Oapaoity of getting the sitter a pioture whioh he will not immediately re- cognise, bat whioh he will recognise afterward, and he must be SD accomplished in this as to esoape the detec- tion of experts for seven years. Now I snbmit, this prosecution has utterly failed. It has been a complete nonsensical farce. Certainly, upon the evideaoe, the pub Ho must think so. We oontend that unless the Court set aside as unworthy of belief the respeotabie gentlemen who have testified-and they are not im- peached-that tho judgement most be fer ns. Is there anything in the private Hie of these gentlemen to sug- gest insanity T Hr. Townsend then remarked that if all spiritualists were insane, there must be a great deal of insanity in America, for statistics showed tbat in the United States there were 11,000.000 of Spiritualists to 10.000.000 of ( other denominations. After punning hts argument in j a theological light, Mr. TOWIIBODII oonoluded his most j able ana eloquent peroration. i Hr. Geary then rose, and after expressing his admi- ration of his adversaries' arguments slid :-This is no j private prosecution ; one of the gentlemen connected | with a pnblio journal of this oily examined into these j so called spirit pbetographs, satisfied that a large , swindle was was being perpetrated; he called lt to tbe attention ef the Chief Magistrat« of this city, who at once direoted his Chief Marshal to make a personal investigation, Henoe any assertion that private malioe instigated these charges is as baseless aa it la untrue, Tba prisoner at the bar stands charged by the people (in eubitanoe) with the commission of three distlnot offences ; two of the grade of felony, and one a misde- meanour. First, upon ' the oomplaint of Joseph H. Tooker, with having in March, 1869, (with the oollu. alon and assistanoe of one William Gaay,) designedly and by false pretences, defrauded and cheat« d him out of 10 dollars. Seéond, upon the further complaint of Joseph H. Tooker, with a concurrent complaint of F, V, Hickey, with having defrauded tba said Tooker out of 10 dollars. He was therefore indiotab'e as a obeat st oommon law, within tho meaning of the statute. Third ; Upon the oomplaint of Joseph H. Tooker, with stealing, taking, and carrying away, by triok ordevloe, the sum of IO dollars, and other similar sam« from other persons. This brings the cue within the statute of Iaroeny. This oase early assumed a phase wbiob. if carefully considered, will materially assist in removing doubt of the existence of sufnoient probable oause for holding the prisoner to await tbe notion of the Grand Jory upon eaoh of these charges. The fsots upon whioh the ohargo of false pretenoos ls based, are in subitáneo: A statement made by tbe prlBoaer that he was a spiritual medium, that he pro- duoed spirit likenesses, aud tbat no other person eould tike Buch wonderful piotures I that tho pictures were not the result of a trick or deception, ooapled with the exhibition of a pioture with a faint outlmo, and a farther assertion by the ' prisoner that Tooker would come to reoogaise the face as that of some rela- tive or friend ; alis, eumB previously paid on the re- présentations of Quay and Mumler tbat the piotorei were produced by spiritual ioflaenoss ; a discovery, after parting with the money, that the photographs were ordinary pictures, and that all the form on them were produoed by mechanical means. Th-ss fsots, coupled with the farther statement of tho complainants that the prlsonsr was in the habit of extorting money from tbs orodulons by what was in reality only a groas fraud, amply sustained the oomplaint as for a oommon law cheat And then, besides these fsots, it being farther stated that the parting with tbs mosey was not intentional, in the absence ot the production of a photograph of a spirit by supernatural means; it follows that the taking the money lu advance, and re- taining it without giving in return the srtioe it was paid for, was a larceny of tbe money by trtok and device, "When the people' rested their evidence the defenoe made no motion to disoharge oa the evidonoe, bat ovidenoe was at onoe addaoed for the prisoner. And thea the prisoner took the remarkable ;poiltlon always a last" hope in a dosperate ca*e-that the obarges made against him were ostensibly trna, that be did obtain money by these so-called spirit photo- graphs, but that they were not tho reBnlt of meohaoioal means, and that as a iogloal sequence he waa not punishable. Now, tho law does not deal with Ibo supernatural, nor reoognlse it as an element In Its dealing with foots. Hence, when as hero aa avermont ls made of tbe existence ot things, knowledge of whioh oannot be obtained through the pbysloal senses, the party making tho avermont must provo it, This ia the ordinary oommon law rule applied dally in oases whore, in defence, for actions of negligence tue sot of God is pleaded, The Court ot Appeals, la a recent case, thns drew tho distinction: "By the act of Oed is meant somothisg whioh operates without any aid or Inter fersaao of man," When tho loss la occasioned by or ia the reault in any degree of human aid orlnterferonoo, the etea does not f»1I withii the exception. The learned ' counsel then quoted several cases touching this pit nt. in nil those oases, whore tho aot of G sd is pleaded tim party reiving ou the past as a defence mast prove lt. Thu l i» precumss ita non existence, and it ia matter ul affirmative defence. And so In the nnmeroas reported aa«es whore a man labouring under a hallucination bears voices ordering bim to oammit marder, or ates formB pointing to the commission of orime, any de- fence baaed on tba assortion that those forma or voices were real, wonld ba held untenable in law, for tho reason that the law docs not reoognlse the poi'ibilttv of any Bnperior.or spiritual inflnenoea anffi. eiont to justify what, it asserts to be a felony. The only available ground of defence is that the moral a»nee or the prisoner was so paralysed at the time of tho act, by the existenoe of morbid physioal or mental influences, over whioh he had no control, that he could not ba aware of the heinous nature of tho aot oom milted. At the cloao of tba address the Judge said, after oareful attention to the oise, ho had come to tho con- clusion that the prisoner should be dieobarged. Be wouldleíate that however he might believe that triait and deception had been praotiaed by the prisoner, yet, as he sat there io his oapaoity of magistrate, fae wai oompelled'to decide that he should not he justified iu sanding'tho defenoe to the Grand Jory, as la bis opiniob the prossoution had failed to prove the case. 