OUR SUMMARY. FACTS are gradnallyjaccumulating which tend to prove ithat-whether (regarded as an external applicatipn in ;ce^in :di6eased eonditi6hs -of the skin, or taken internally, as amedicinc", there are' few remedial agents the value of which lias been so much undcr estimated as sulphur; "Nor does its utility oid here. It is proving itself a : most v *hmble antiseptic, -skid, dcstroyer.of .the living germs "which conduce to decomposition. No experiments in the way of preserving meat have proved so completely successful as those inwliich the chiefTeliancewas'placedupornsulpliurous -acid. Professor Gamgee's theory is •likelyito -supersede all othrs. • \- • -SeniorGonstable Scott of Walcha has received, the first £25 reward offered by the New England Pastoral Association for the eonviction of horse stealers. Wc have always heard Mr. Scott spoken of as an active and energetic officer. Two children were lately burned to death, and a third was seriously injured by the accidental burning of a house in which they, had been: left by .their parents. This happened at Burrcll's Flat, near Korvoit, in Victoria. A: person who has recently returned from Nicol Bay in Western Australia has brought with him some fine pearls, the largest of which was valued at between two and three hundred pounds. An increased demand has sprung up iu India for the Jarrah timber of Western Australia, and an attempt is now being made to form a company to secure greater supplies. This timber is said tn be peculiarly, adapted for railway sleepers. The Perth Gazette says:—Our timber will, we believe, prove almost as valuable to Western Australia as her gold .mines have been to Victoria. Skilled labor of all kinds is in great demand in Western Australia at present. The Home Government has been applied to on the subject. There' were' thirty-three gentlemen at the dinner given to Mr. Smith prior to his departure from Scone. A purse of sovereigns was also presented as a testimonial. A newsboy just arrived in Omaha is quite a curiosity as a specimen of Young America. He is but ten years old, and has made his own way through eleven States already. He travels, according .to liis own words, on his cheek. He rides on railroads for nothing, and eats at res- taurants, ordering his meals first, and looking for his money afterwards. He is now anxious for the Pacific Railroad to be opened through, and proposes to strike for the Pacific. The new South African Bishop has issued a very conciliatory address. He says:—I am not, and have never claimed to be, a Bishop of the Church of England, inasmuch as no such body can exist out of England j but I am a Bishop of the Church of Christ, in union and full communion with the branch of that Church established in England. I claim 110 authority over any but those who voluntarily submit themselves to my spiritual office. My position is as little illegal as that of a Wcsleyan superintendent. I am the elected and consecrated Bishop of a Church which as it cannot claim the status of a church established by law, ought not, in the name of that religious liberty wluch we all prize, to be denied the exercise of the privileges attaching to other religious denominations. The amount of gold received by escort during the last six months was 105,333 oz., or about 2000 oz. less than the receipts during the same period last year. Of course we speak of gold received at Sydney. Good reasons exist for supposing that a diamond mine will ere long be discovered at Brooks'Creek near G-undaroo. One diamond lias already been picked up in that locality. A female was lately brought before the Goulburn Police Court, charged with using obscene language. The bench inflicted a fine of £5, with the alternative of three months' imprisonment. The defendant said she was unable to t pay the money, and had most serious objections to the proposed restraint upon her liberty. With some difficulty she was removed from the Court-house, when the woman commenced screaming as loudly as possible, and between the court-house and gaol refused to proceed further, throwing herself on the ground and pretending to faint. Attempts to restore her in the usual way altogether failed, when one of the policemen ran to the gaol and brought a wheelbarrow to convey her thereon. This was too much for even Mrs. Knox, and after some rather forcible expressions she rose from the ground, upset the barrow with a kick, and then, carefully upheld by the constables, walked to the residence chosen for her by the female warder, to whom her greeting was very energetic, though not made in terms over select. Dr. Lang has made another visit to Queensland, and most probably at his instigation notice has been given that at an early day the Assembly will resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole to take into consideration the propriety, of presenting an address to the Governor pray ing that his Excellency will be pleased to place on the supplementary estimates for the present year the sum of , as compensation to this reverend gentleman for services rendered to the colony of Queensland. The fate of this motion is not yet known. A desperate case of cattle-stealing is reported in the lass Courier. The delinquent, who is a female, not being content with stealing, came very near adding murder to her crime. She was assisted by a paramour, and both the parties have since been arrested. A woman in one of the census districts on Long Island, gave the enumerator the names of twenty of her children, and then said she believed there were two more, but she could not just then remember their names. The Planet,Granite City,*si&.BrucHay Castle, have sailed for London with full cargoes of produce. Eight vessels are now loading. Wool shipments to date are 13,200 bales less than last season's. The Burrangong Argus thus deals in the sensational. Three weeks ago, some splitters near Young, saw a white object about as large as a cat, but of no definite form, 111 the bush near their hut. It was a bright moonlight night, and whilst they were gazing at the object it suddenly sprung up into a spectre eight feet high. They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and one another. On another occasion they retired to hed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one waking up during the night, were much surprised to find that the whole of the roof ofthe hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the suectre, but no one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this or the former occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of 8 feet quite dumb-founded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly-looking animal somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at'them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, 0110 of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no cflfect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have returned for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like that which a dog would make w hen licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been, left'there was in motion, but thpy could not see?what ^caused it to be so, althongh they-could, while'looking, distinctly hear a noise similar to that described above. They watebed : itVfpr soirieVtime, the plate being kept in motion, 'kid.the-nbise being •distinctly heard as if tho plate was being licked "by some -animal. On Sunday last, these men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been' pulled : down "anil its' contents -- brought outside and left there. . Two out of the tbree'nien are' well known tons,' and we'feel^on- ' fident that what we liave -stated -mayVbe relied - on as the truth. A shepherd told these men tliat some time ago two men wKo were splitting : there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, ahd afterwards felled a tree on him; and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost -to make ite'appearance,'- • - Amelia Pemillof Stanmore House—we douot . know whether the lady is Mistress or Miss— has written a letter to the Evening Hexas. in praise of Aerated bread. ' She says it is light, wholesome, and delicious, and so easy of digestion, that her mother, then a martyr to dyspepsia, could take that, when she was afraid of any, and everything else. Li further commendation cf this bread the writer says, the very fact of its being possible to translate a bag of flour into baked loaves in one hour and a half, speaks most loudly as to its suitability to.this climate, wlfich pntails, almost as a necessity, a thousand horrors in the present mode of bread-making. Since the preparation of our leader wc have received the Gazette which contains a further prorogation of Parliament to Tuesday, the 28th of September next. A telegram from Tamworth mentions that Rutherford, the bushranger, has stolen Mr. Conroy's race liorse Phantom. A robbery was committed at One Tree Hill last week. Money amounting to about £35 was stolen from the hut of a, blacksmith during his absence. The thief has been detected and is in custody. An old author quaintly remarks:—" Avoid argument with ladies. In spinning yarns among silks and satins, a man is sure to be worsted and twisted. And when a man is worsted and twisted, he may consider himself wound up." A large humpback whale has heen captured at Eden. While in chase of another, a boat was smashed, but the men were, rescued, in a very exliausted state, by the pilot boat. A letter from Mr. John Garrett indicates that the new system of magisterial arrangements is likely to work well in the Scone district. 