RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. KENT TOWN WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. As has been announced for some time, Friday, September 10, was decided upon as the first day for special services in connection with the anni- versary and reopening of Kent Town Wesleyan Church. The Presence of the Rev. Wm. Taylor, the Californian Evangelist, in these colonies led to his being invited to take a prominent part in the proceedings, the circumstance of his having officiated on the occasion of the opening services when he was here four years ago rendering this step peculiarly appropriate. Mr. Taylor accepted the invitation, but as his engagements preclude a lengthened stay, it was arranged that he should pay a flying visit to Adelaide, and revisit the colony next year. Mr. Taylor left Melbourne on Tuesday afternoon by the Claud Hamilton. On reaching Port Phillip Heads the vessel had to lie to till Wednesday morning. Only 4½ knots an hour were made till Cape Otway was reached, against strong head winds and tide. The rest of the passage was made at a fair average rate of speed, and the vessel was signalled in Adelaide a little before midday on Friday. It was feared that Mr. Taylor could hardly land in time to be present at the appointed hour for commencing the reopening services—3 o'clock. This anticipa- tion proved true. Shortly after that hour a large congregation—a great proportion of it composed of ladies—testified the general interest that was felt in the proceedings. On the platform were the Revs. W. L. Binks (President of the Conference), J. Lloyd, R. S. Casely, J. Lyall (Presbyterian), and J. L. Parsons (Baptist). Singing and prayer were engaged in till Mr. Taylor's arrival at half past 4, that gentleman having landed at the Sema- phore, and been driven to the church without delay. Mr. Taylor, after receiving a hearty wel- come from the assembled ministers, preached from Luke xi. 13, "If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him." In the evening there was a crowded attendance, and Mr. Taylor preached from Romans iii. 28. The collections realized close upon £25. On Sunday, September 12, the Rev. William Taylor preached to crowded congregations morn- ing, afternoon, and evening. On Monday evening a tea and public meeting took place at the church. There was a very large attendance, and the Rev. W. L. Binks (President of the Conference and Chairman of the District) presided. Mr. M. Kingsborough read the trustees' report and financial statement. The first portion of the report had reference to a bazaar raised by the untiring exertions of the ladies, opened by His Excellency Sir James Fer- gusson early in April last, and mention was made of the sympathy and kindness displayed in con- nection therewith by His Excellency and Lady Edith Fergusson: thanks the trustees, and also to the ladies, by whose unremitting exertions and untiring zeal the very handsome sum of £600 was realized in aid of the object for which tthe bazaar was contemplated. Further reference was made to several donations received during the past year from friends interested in the progress of that Church, the very liberal sum of £200 recently received from Mr. and Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse being made special mention of. The report then went on to state that in consequence of the inability of the Church Stewards to meet the wants of the neighbourhood as regarded church accommoda- tion, and also having in view the desirability of being in a position to afford suitable accommoda- tion to the students and others connected with the Prince Alfred College, the trustees regarded it as their duty to enlarge the Church, and, after due consideration, they decided to include the tran- sept previously used as a schoolroom, and which was divided from the nave by the back wall of the original building. This work had been ably carried out by Messrs. Brown & Thompson, under the superintendence of the architects—Messrs, Wright, Woods & Hamilton. The report then went on to say:— "The total outlay on account of the Church pre- mises up to the present time amounts to £8,275 Of this amount the sum of £6,700 has been paid leaving the existing liabilities as follows, viz. — Amount on loan bearing interest at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum, £1,000; amount due to the Church Loan Fund, and for which no interest is charged, £300; amount due the Bank, and balance due on the contract just completed, £289; total present debt on the Church, £1, 380. "The liabilities reported at the last annual meet- ing were £2,083. lt will thus be seen that not- withstanding the outlay on the work below mentioned, amounting to £516, the trustees have been enabled, through the liberality displayed during the year, to reduce tho debt by £406, and making, together with other payments, the sum of £1,363 paid in connection with this building during the year that is past. "The trustees would here mention that since the first opening of this place of worship— a period of four years—the sum of £1,011 has been sub- scribed by the Church and congregation towards the Ministerial School and other funds connected with the Church, the details of which are as follows, viz.— Amount raised in support of the ministry, £1,149; amount raised for school pur- poses, £140; amount raised in support of missions, £294; other connexional funds, £80; together £1,663. This, with the sum previously mentioned as having been paid on the church building account, gives a grand totnl of X'S.Mi, subscribed in various ways towards the construction and for the support of this place of worship. "Besides the amount now due to the Bank, and the balance to be paid on the recently completed contract the sum of £100 is required in discharge of a part of the Church Loan Fund, making together £380, which has now to be provided. The trustees have therefore to solicit the aid and assistance of this meeting in their endeavours to meet this present demand, and they have further earnestly to urge upon you the desirability of reducing the amount due on the loan account, the interest payable being a serious drain upon the Trust Funds. "It is exceedingly gratifying to observe the marked progress made in the Sabbath- school con- nected with this Church, as evidenced by the material increase in the number of scholars, now 270, under the charge of 40 teachers and officers. "The trustees, having long seen the necessity of providing vestries for the use of the ministers and the various classes of the Church, have decided at once to build four rooms adjoining the transept, and thus far to carry out the original design of the architects. It is also very desirable to erect a large detached room to meet the rapidly increasing demands of the Sabbath-school, and to enable the teachers to carry on their important religious duties. The carrying out of these really necessary additions, together with the entire completion of the transept comprising the tower and other out- side work, will, of course, entail increased liabili- ties estimated at £2,300. The trustees have, therefore, further to solicit your kind and con- tinued co-operation and assistance in raising the funds required for this large and important under- taking, and they are encouraged from past experience to believe that their present call for help will meet from you a hearty and practical response. "To the Omnipotent Dispenser of all good things, and to those who have aided them in the past, the trustees are exceedingly grateful. "The trustees cannot conclude this report without heartily congratulating this Church and congregation upon having secured the very valuable assistance of the Rev. the President of the Conference and the Rev. William Taylor. The Rev. Wm. Taylor, it will be remembered, took a very lively interest in our behalf upon the first opening of this Church, and has now by a special visit to this colony for the purposo of aiding us on this occcasion, shown that he still bears us in mind, and is still willing to forward our noble cause." The speakers were the Revs. S. Knight, R. S. Caseley, and W. Taylor. The collections in the aggregate amounted to £313. On the motion of the Hon. J. Colton, seconded by the Rev. J. G. MILLARD, a very warm and cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Taylor for his valuable aid. Mr. Taylor, in responding, thanked those pre- sent for the compliment, and said that he would revisit the colony (God willing) in April next. The proceedings, which were enlivened by some excellent performances by an efficient choir, closed with votes of thanks ad ???. Roman Catholicism.— There are now in this diocese (the Southern Cross states) 30 Roman Catholic clergy—12 regular and 18 secular, the first-named comprising three Franciscans, one Capuchin, one Augustinian, and seven Jesuits. IRON CHAPEL.— This framework of a galvanized iron building, 18 x 20, to seat 100, is being put together at Kapunda, so that it can be taken to pieces and moved when required. It is to be erected as a Bible Christian Chapel at Julia Creek. SHIRETH YISRAEL CONGREGATION. — We are informed that the Shireth Yisrael congregation lately worshipping on North-terrace have pur- chased a piece of ground on which to erect a synagogue in Divett-place, near Flinders-street Baptist Chapel. Gawler Baptist Church.— The new place of worship for this body has been begun by a local contractor on the excellent site purchased at the end of the main street, opposite the Victoria Mill, and near the bridge. At first a building to cost between £500 and £600, exclusive of the land, is being elected, and when a chapel goes up on this frontage the smaller structure will be used as a schoolroom and vestry. Festival or the Guardian Angels. — On Saturday, October 2, the day of the Roman Catholic Festival of the Guardian Angels, the children of the various schools of the Sisters of St. Joseph had their annual treat. Early in the morning mass was celebrated at the Cathedral, and at about 11 o'clock the chil- dren commenced their march to the Exhibition Building, which was lent by tlhe Government for the occasion. After spending the day there they returned to the Cathedral and received bene- diction. South Australian Benefit Society.— On Sep- tember 17, Dr. Shiel, Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, was waited upon by the District Officers — Messrs. Stapleton (Chairman), Mr. McDonald (Vice-Chair- man), and Kemp Penney (Corresponding Secre- tary), introduced by the Vicar-General. At the conclusion of the initiation the Corresponding Secretary requested the Bishop to become Patron of the Society, to which he at once assented, expressing great interest in the progress of this useful institution. Benevolent and Stranger's Friend Society. —The Committee of the above Society held their usual monthly meeting at the Church Office; Mr. S. Bakewell in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £30 0s. 3d. A large number of cases of distress were brought forward ; but, owing to the depressed state of the funds, only £7 could be voted. This was done to relieve seven different cases of necessity. Each member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent of £1 during the ensuing month in cases of emergency. ABORIGINIAL MISSIONS.— The quarterly Com- mittee meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Native Mission was held at Kadina recently. The local paper says that the Missionary's report stated that another native, a young man, had been lately baptized. The converts have com- menced evening classes for the instruction of the younger scholars. There are now in the school 19 who can read the Scriptures. In addition to their mental and spiritual training, these young aborigines are being taught habits of industry, a very necessary part of their education. The boys, directed and assisted by their energetic teacher, have trenched and fenced in a part of the land, and raised a quantity of stone for building purposes. Ten rooted mulberry trees, kindly sent by Dr. Schomburgk, have been planted on the station, and some flax seed has been sown. WESLEYAN MINISTER'S RESIDENCE. — The Wes- leyans are now erecting a manse for the minister of the Draper Memorial Church. It is being built under the direction of Messrs. Garlick & McMinn. on a block of land at the corner of King William and Halifax streets, procured for the purpose, having a frontage of 50 feet to the former, by a depth of 90 feet to the last-named street. On the ground floor there will be a spacious entrance hall, dining-room 19 feet by 15, drawing-room 15 feet square, and study of about the same dimen- sions, while the upstairs portion will be divided into four apartments. The building is of Glen Osmond stone, with neat cement quoins and dressings, and is likely to cost about £800. The design is drawn with a view to the addition of several rooms at the rear in course of time, and there will also be space for stable accommodation. A considerable portion of the cost of the new residence will be met by the proceeds of the old house in Angas-street, which, we believe, has been disposed of. Foundation Roman Catholic CHAPEL.— Our local correspondent reports that on Sunday, Sept. 26, the foundation-stone of St. Anthony's Catholic Chapel was laid at Chinkford, in the presence of a large concourse, and the Rev. J. Smyth, V.G., and Fathers Schrell and Tappeiner, were present. Mass was said by the Rev. Father Schrell, and the Vicar General, after consecrating the building so far as completed, in an impressive manner laid the stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Beneath the stone, in a bottle, were placed coins and copies of the denominational organs. The Vical-General then preached, pointing out the necessity for such buildings, and their duty to contribute towards the work. At the conclusion numbers came forward and presented their offer- ings, which amounted to £57. The day was remarkably fine but warm, and no doubt many would have been glad to have had a good soaking before arriving at their homes. The Mintaro Roman Catholic Choir, led by Dr. Vogt, lent their services. The building, when finished, will be 40 feet by 25 feet in the clear, and 15 feet from floor to ceiling, and will have Gothic openings. Mr. Kauffmann is the contractor for the mason-work. Adelaide HOSPITAL.—At a meeting of the Board of Management to examine the monthly accounts, held on September 4, it was found that the number of patients admitted since last meet- ing had been 12; discharged, 10; died, 1; now in Hospital, 153; out patients prescribed for, 227. Contributionss received from 5th to 25th September, l869:-ContributioiiB of £5 5s.- John Newman and? Son, Yuuanamutana Mining Company, Mm Winnoll. Of £5-Simms & Chapman. Of £2 2s. -David Bower, H. W. Ehmcke, Alexander Dowie. Julius Kitzen, W. N. Iiinde. Carter, Tyas, & Co.. Bailey & Craig, Adolf Uaedecliena, G. Tilemunn. Lewis Hanson, Charles llaines, J. Kofe, James, smith, John Christopher, Haussen & Catcldove. James Harris, Win. Beany, H. Knnford, K. M. Bagot, James Martin, Jaa. A. Whitfield, Daniel Qarlick, J. J. Osborne, August Lienau, II. B. Bray, R. A. Tarlton, Duncan & Fruser, Win. rown8eud, Heath Kverett, John Colton. Went worth Cavenagh, Bupcrt Jngleby, 1C. U. Fox. Of £2-Joseph Barrett. Joseph Woodman, Tearcc, Wincey, k Co., K Thorup. John Rudall, Josepli. Gilbert, W. K. Lewis. Of ill-W. Longbottom. B. Fischer, T. F. Sharp, K. J. Turner. Of 10s. 60, -Kev. SiloB Mead, Arthur Harvey. Total auounC sollected in IStiU to 25th September, £4U7 4s. Laying Foundation Anglican Church.. Meadows.— On Saturday, September 25, tha Bishop of Adelaide laid the foundation-stone o St. George's Church, Meadows, in the presence o£ more than 100 persons. Captain Geo. Dashwood. j.M., having read the invitation to the Bishop to jerform the ceremony, next read the copy of a- iocument placed in a bottle under the foundation .tone, as follows. ?-'The foundation-stone ofthia :hurcb, dedicated to St. George, was laid at tha Meadows by the Right Rev. Augustus Short. D.D.. Lord Bishop of Adelaide, on the 25th day of Sepl «mber .in the year of our Lord 1869, inthe32nl rear of the reign of Her Gracious Majesty Queen. Victoria, His Excellency the Right Hon. Sir Jag. fergusson, Bart., being Governor of the colony, he Trustees being at that time George Vickery , J.P.. George Dashwood. S.M., Charles H. T. Connor, James Stone, Thomas Jones, an* Ies8e Catt, tbe ground having been pre^ lented by George Vickery, Esq., J.P., oC the Meadows, George Vickery and Jesse Catt Churchwardens; Messrs. Fry & Co., of Dashwood'i UnUy, builders. The, Bishop conducted the service usual on such occasions; after which he took the trowel spread the mortar, tried the stone, and declared it well and truly laid. Then followed a brief but appropriate address. Three hymns were sung during the service, Mrs. Connoi presiding at the harmonium. The building is tc be entirely of freestone from Mr. Holland'* quarry. Meadows, and will be 5j feet long, 25 feet wide, and 18 feet high inside. The tower wiil be 10 feet x 10 feet, and 20 feet high; the porch 8xS. There are 19 buttresses, and the building is to be Gothic. The architect is Mr. John Haddock, oi Meadows; and the builders Messrs. Fry and Prewett, of Glengrove. Recognition sekvice.-A public tea meeting took place in Ebenezer Baptist Chapel, .North Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, (September 14, to welcome the new pastor, the Kev.S. Cozens, late of Launceston. A large number of the congregation and manv visitors sat down at half-past 6 to a tea. There was a still larger attendance at the public meeting. Tbe interior of the building was taste fully decorated with floral and ornamental devices expressive of welcome. The Bev. G. Prince, for many years pastor of the Church, presided. He said he had been placed in a position he had not coveted, and was glad to have the opportunity of welcoming a good man to preside over the L'hurclu The memory of the past called up feelings which perhaps no one present could fully enter into in connection with the services of years, during which he jhad been intimately connected with them. Clouds threatened at one time to darken their progress, but these hail cleared away. There should now be one grand idea before them. An excellent address was then delivered by the Bev. Mr. Fullard, of Kenton Valley, on ' Unity is Strength,' and the relations between pastor and people. The Bev. S. Cozens, who was greeted with continued cheering, expressed his cordial thanks for the kind reception accorded him. In the course of his address, which was occasionally enlivened by humoroii3 allusions, he referred to the importance of unity, and the necessity for cultivating amicable relations among the members of the Church. 'Peace on earth and goodwill towards men'' was his motto, and he hoped that they would discard the use of their swords, and convert them into prunning-hooks. Letters of apology were received from the Kers. J. G. Millaru and D. Badger, who were unavoidably absent. Messrs. Kamlle, Gooden, and Lewis then spoke. The proceedings closed after a collection and the usual rotes of thanks. Presentation to Bishop Shiel.— A meetiDg of the laity of the itotnan Catholic Church was held in the Catholic Book Depot an Wednesday afternoon, 15th instant, when it was resolved to mark the high estimation in which the Bishop is held by the members of his flock by raiding a sum of money, and presenting an addres3 to Hi* Lord ship previous to his departure for Rome by the October mail to attend the General Council. The following resolutions were passed, and a Committee was formed to carry out the same. Moved by Mr. Luke Murphy, seconded by Mr. W. 'W. Hewett, and carried unanimously— 'That a subscription be at once set on foot among the Catholic laity of this province to provide a testi monial fund for presentation to His Lordship the Catholic Bishop of Adelaide on his departure to Home.' It was moved by Cr. Gunson, and Beconded by Mr. J. W. Egan- -'That a collection in the churches throughout the diocese would afford tha speediest and most effectual means of obtaining a sufficient sum to oiler to His Lord ship, and that the permission of the Vicar General having been obtained, such a col lection be made upon days named.' Carried. It was moved by Mr. D. J. Delany. and seconded by Mx. W. de-orraanville— 'That the folio wing gentlemen be a Committee to receive subscriptions and act as collectors in the Adelaide churches :— Dr. Gunson, Dr. Butler, Mr. Murphy, Sir. Cullen, Mr. Kgan, Mr. J. Delany, Mr. Lonergan. Mr. de Normanville, Mr, Hewett, Mr. Daly, Mr. D. J. Delany. Mr. If. C. Gleeson, and Mr. Delano, with power to add to their numbers.' Carried. It was moved by Mr. Lonergan, and seconded by Mr. W. Delano— 'That when the subscriptions are collected, the -Secretary be instructed to convene a further meeting of the Catholic laity, to arrange as to the presentation of the offering and address to His Lordship.' Carried. Dr. Gunson was ap pointed as Treasurer, and Messrs. \V. W. Hewett and J. W. Egan as Joint Secretaries to the Com iuittee. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. 