THE POOR PASSENGER. WHEN one of our Northern steamers had been some fourteen hours at sea, the cabin-boy, a tight little fellow, full of fun and frolic, camc up to the place where the captain was standing on deck, and giving his trousers a hitch, wliilc his roguish eye betokened that something was in the wind, he said "Why, sir, tlie queerest thing has happened that ever I knew." Well, Jack, what is it, lad ? I quess by the squint of your eye, it is some mischief of your own hatching. " Why, sir," replied Jack, " perhaps you'll not be very well pleased to hear there's a passenger on board who has not paid for his birth, and I guess never will. Nobody knows anything about liiffi; he has never a bit of luggage, nor a sixpence in his pocket, to pay his passage or his mess ; and yet he helps himself to the best of everything without so much as saying thankye." " The scoundrel," exclaimed Captain quite incensed at the impudence of his passenger ; " I suppose he thinks to diddle us out of our fare ; I vc a good mind to chuck him overboard. Where is he?" " I don't know where he is just now," replied Jack, " but he was all last night in the ladies' cabin." " In the ladies' cabin!" cried the captain, growing as red with rage as a turkey cock; " why did not the stewardness tell me of this ? Did not the ladies complain P" " Why, sir," responded Jack," the old ladies did not seem to mind him much, and the young ones seemed mightily taken with him. I saw a pretty lass sharing her brcakffflfcwith him this morning as cheery as possible.*" "I'll have the fellow ducked," cried the Captain; " bring him up, Jack, and let's see what kind of a rapscallion lie is." " He is decently enough dressed, answered Jack," in a long-tailed black coat and a scarlet vest, but he has never a stocking or shoe on his foot, or a hat to liis head," At this moment the steward came upon deck, and was immediate]} 1 - hailed by the Captain—" I say, steward, where is this fellow who lias notp for liis passage ? Jack tells me he eats ale with the other passengers, and what is more, that he slept all night in the ladies' cabin.' " There is no such person that I know of," replied the steward; "Jack must be groggy to spin such a yarn." " I tell you'.' said Jack, " I saw him as plain as a marline-spike, and what's more, I heard you speak to him myself." " Why," said the Captain to the steward, " if you have seen him you must have noticed him; for by Jack's account he is a queer concern ; he is barelegged, bare-headed, bare-faced, and dressed in a black coat and red waistcoat." " I'll engage, sir," replied the steward, " that I've never seen such a chap on board." Just then Mrs. made her appearance. "What is this I hear, stewardess?" said the Captain angrily; "Jack tells me there was a vagabond all last night in the ladies cabin; that helias not paid for liis passage; and that he has had the best of everything.' " I wonder you arn't ashamed to trump up such a story, Jack," replied the stewardess, "I know what's proper as well as any one, and the ladies would not suffer such a thing any more than myself. I'll take my 'davit there was no such person in the cabin." " Oh fie ! Mrs. " said Jack," when I heard you say myself, what a beautiful vest he had got." Well, Captain, said the stewardess, " I've just to sa}' thatif tliis little jackanapes is to be allowed to take a lone widow's character in this fashion, Mr. Marshall must look out for another stewardess, for this is the last time I'll set foot in the vessel." " Sirrah," said the Captain to Jack, " if I find you've been bouncing, you may make yourself sure of a round dozen at least." For the Captain began to feel very much as he did when the ghost made its appearance. " If I've said anything but the truth," replied Jack, " you may send me to the mast-head in a nor'-wester." The warmth and loudness of this discussion had by this time attracted most of the passengers on deck. Two elderly ladies most indignantly denied having seen Jack's friend, nnd fumed at the idea of their permitting such a breach of deeoruin ; two young ladies corroborated their testimony, and the Captain had just snatched up a rope to inflict the punishment Jack seemed so richly to deserve, when (he culprit exclaimed, " Stop, stop, there he comes," as a pretty girl with a large black cockatoo stepped out of the cabin, and joined the party on aeck. "Now," exclaimed Jack, triumphantly, "did I say a word that was not true ? Don't you see his bare legs and red vest, and his black coat without even a pocket to hold a shilling to pay his passage ?" " You young rascal," said the Captain, " I've a mind to give you a round dozen for raising all this botheration ;" but in spite of his wratli he was forced to join in the laugh which Jack's roguery occasioned. Cocky, not seeming to concern himself about the storm he had raised, ran chattering about the deck ; flew now on the rigging, and then on the mast, apparently in the greatest glee, and quite delighted with his passage on the steamer. A report is current that the emigrants on board the F. A. Palmer, which left on the 14th instant for San Francisco, rose en masse when near Amoy, and murdered the entire crcw. Wc can obta report.— in neither confirmation nor denial of the Herald. 