THEATRE ROYAL. The theatre was well attended on Tuesday night, when tho play or "Hamlet" was performed, though the boxes and dress circle were again the weak parts of the house, for while pit, stalls, and gallery had few if any spare seats, there were many iu the other por tions of tiie theatre. Herr Bandmann, as Hamlet, ex hibits that character in quite a new guise to most English auditors in the colony. He does not, how ever, present the Prince in flaxen curls, but adheres to the traditional sable, while he gives us tho novelty of Shakespeare with a foreign accent. That which iu Uarcissc was so natural and so appropriate, and which heightened its effect, seems sometimes in Hamlet grotesque, albeit the auditor is compelled to wonder at the admirable mastery which tho actor has achieved over what was to him, as to most foreigners, no doubt, a difficult language. This foreign accent in Herr Bandinann's Shakesperian elo cution is to us a drawback, it strikes so oddly at times upon the ear. But only occasion ally, though those occasions are chiefly when tho greater elocutionary displays are looked for. There is in this actor's readings of the longer solilo quies, sometimes, a curiously rapid transition from easy natural and pure English to a still' and sermonising delivery, tiuged with the, to us, un-Shakespearian ac cent, so that the ear m'sses tho mellow flow of music so often associated with tho poet's language from some other impersonators of the character. And yet, as we have said, the listener is forced into ad miration of the remarkable facility in English dis played by the actor. Nor is that the only ground of admiration, llarely, if ever, have ive seen a more intelligent and well united Hamlet. Whatever defects of elocution may mark Herr Bandmanu's Hamlet, his acting is superb, and his compass of stage business perfect. He introduces some new situations, and generally the " set " of the play last night was most careful and effective. Tho scene in the third act where the King is praying, and Hamlet forbears to kill him, as revenge would be baulked, To take him in the purging of his soul, When lie is lit and seasoned for his passage. is a novelty, wliicli we may well spars in so long a play, though it gives greater completeness to the story. The closet scene, where Hamlet " speaks tla^'crs" to his mother, and uses aie so effectively upon Polonius, was the moat effective we have had here. The scenery was brought from the Theatre Royal in Melbourne, and with the royal portraits enabling Hamlet and his mother to "look on this picture and on that," it considerably in creased the effect of the scene. The acting in it was 'uoo, o-nrl t.heend was touched with such a sudden and natural burst of filial lovj that the house was quite moved, and the actor -,vas called before the curtain to receive more than the usual rouuds of ap plause. These gleams of perfectly natural expression, interspersed through the actor's delineation of the character, light it up with a succession of charms which enchain the auditor and cover a multitude of elocutionary disappointments. The scene with Qphelia, where Hamlet bids her "to a nunnery go," was extremely clever, and the partiug was made to linger with a semblance of "such sweet sorrow," that not only was it somewhat new, but was in admirable keeping with the poet's real Hamlet, who only dealt in "seems," perhaps, when seeming ip,ad. The play scene was another of the actor's unmistak able triumphs. It had several original traits, and was yery natural it} its general management. There was a pleasant ease and effective naturalness also about the grave scene, which gave much freshness to the so well worn passages and situations, and the rapier scene and tragic finale were both acted with an easy mastery of the business, which made it powerfully real. Now and then a little slip in the text may have been ob served, but raroly, and if the auditor doe3 not get in Herr liandmann's Hamlet all that was obtainable in the Hamlet of the best English tragedians, he is sure of a natural Hamlet, rendered with great intelligence and power, and made attractive by many original lineaments. Herr Bandmann was called before the curtain at the close of every act. Miss Evans as Ophelia confirmed herself in the good graces of the audience by a very careful and natural render ing of the part; and Mrs Holloway as the Queen played with her usual ability, making the part one of the most acceptable of tl\a subordinate ones. Mr Holloway, the Ghost, was ihade to appeay in new lights and disappear through $e\y apertures. By a clever contrivance in the castle 'scene in the first act, the moonlight ta's%ej as $ie JrisljrnTO'a giw* to shoot, round a corner, and the ghost to vanish with moro than u3ual ghostliuess through a stone wall. This business was very effective. Mr Milne, as usual, was a capital Polonium, and the other chafacters were borne with acceptable care and skill. A farce concluded the en tertainments; and this evening the programme will be repeated. r 