SOUTH AUSTB AUAN EVANGELICAL ' -ALLIANCE. The adjourned meeting for the formation of an Alhanceof Evangelical Churches in South Aus tralia took place on Monday, August 30, in the vestry to the Presbvterian Church. Flinders-street mere was a large attendance of ministers, and of members of Churches who were present in accor d*nce with the invitation founded on the resolu tion of the previous meeting of the ministers. The proceedings were opened with prayer. The Kev. M. H. Hocge was voted to the chair, and stated that the meeting was assembled for tbe purpose of considering a draft constitution which, if worked out according to the principles laid down, would, he believed, be a benefit both to individual members and the Churches connected with the Society. A letter was read from the Eev. Nicholson Wright, who was unable to be present, expressing his hearty concurrence with the movement CONSTITUTION OF THE ALLIANCE. The draft constitution, embodied in the report of the Committee, was then taken into consideration clause by clause. The first clause, which was as follows, was, on the motion of the Eev. H. Cheethau, seconded by the Bev. C. Hall, agreed to without discus sion:— 'That this Alliance is not to be considered m alliance of denominations, or branches of the Church, but of individual Christians, each acting on his own responsibility.' In reference to the second clause, declaring that no compromise of the views of a member of the Alliance was required or expected, Mr. W. H. Burford made some observations in favour of friendly discussion of points of difference, which, however, it was pointed out did not come within the contemplated objects of the Alliance. After remarks by the Revs. J. Henderson, R. S. Casely, and J. Stoyel, Dr. Campbell, and Messrs. G. W. Cotton and J. Cumming, it was deemed advisable to postpone the final consideration of the clause till after that fixing the terms of membership, which was accordingly done. BA8I3 OP MEMBEBSBIP. On the clause as to membership being proposed, as follows— .... ' 'That the persons who compose the Alliance shall be members of Evangelical Churches, or those who are recommended by the minister of the congregation with which they statedly worship — the Kev. J. G. Miiaabd said the Evangelical Alliance at home had a doctrinal basis, and had defined pretty clearly what he thought they gene rally understood as evangelical views. The Secbe taby having read the resolutions of the British Evangelical Alliance fixing the basis of member Bbip. the Kev. Mr. Millabd proposed tbat they should be adopted as the basis of tbe South Aus tralian Evangelical Alliance. (Applause.) Unless they adopted such a basis he feared they would go sadly astray. They would all feel great difficulty— an insuperable difficulty, he imagined— in consider ing auy Church evangelical which denied the proper Deity of our Lord, and they would feel some difficulty in considering a Church evangelical whose mem bers entertained defective views with regard to the Deity or the personality of the Holy Ghost, or the cardinal doctrine of justification by faith alone. He therefore begged to move tbat they take what had been read as the basis of the Alliance. The basis of membership of the British Evan gelical Alliance areas under:— '1. That the parties composing the Alliance shall be such persons only as hold and maintain what are usually understood to be evangelical views in regard to the matters of doctrines understated, namely :- 1\. The Divine inspiration, authority, and suffi ciency of the Holy Scriptures. 2. The right and duty of private judgment in the interpretation of the Holy Scriptures. 3. The Unity of the Godhead, and the Trinity of Persons therein. 4. The utter depravity of human nature, in consequence of the Fall. 5. The incarnation of the Son of God, His work of atonement for sinners of mankind, and His mediatorial intercession and reign. 6. The justification of the- sinner by faith alone. 7. The work of the Holy Spirit in the conversion and sanctification of the sinner. 8. The immortality of the soul the resurrection of the bodv, the judg ment of the world by our Lord Jesui Const, with the eternal blessedness of the righteous, and the eternal punishment of the wicked. 9. The Divine institution of the Christian ministry, and the obligation and perpetuity of the ordinances of baptism and the Lord's Supper. It is, however, distinctly declared— First, that this brief summary is not to be regarded, in any formal or ecclesiastical sense, as a creed or confession, nor the adoption of it as involving an assumption of the right autho ritatively to define the limits of Christian brother hood ; but simply as an indication of tbe class of persons whom it is desirable to embrace within the Alliance; second, that the election of certain tenets, with the omission of others, is not to be held as implying that the former constitutes the whole body of important truth, or that the latter are unimportant' The Kev. W. L. Bines had great pleasure in seconding the proposition, especially considering so much talent and such a length of time had been employed in the construction of that basis. It was evident that it had been framed, after due con sideration, with a view of meeting the opinions of an extended class of individuals, because there were certain doctrines held by what were called Evangelical Churches not included in that basis. (Hear, hear.) It was apparent that there had been great forbearance manifested, and when they looked at the great good accomplished by the Alliance in England, he thought they should have a similar doctrinal basis. (Applause.) Mr. James CuinnSG supported the proposition, which he thought a great improvement on the clause proposed by the Committee. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. Jefferis would point out the difficulty there might be in persons becoming members of the Alliance if the proposed basis were adopted. Were they expected to subscribe to that creed before they were admitted? He belonged to a Church which did not like putting its hand te creeds of human devising, and he thought the membership would be narrowed if they re quired a distinct declaration or subscription to the whole of the creed proposed. Mr- G. Shaw said there was one article in those which bad been read that would certainly preclude him— that was as to the immortality of trie soul. Christ wab the giver of life and immortality, and therefore it was His gift alone. He believed in tbe eternity of the soul as strongly as any man, but he objected to the term 'immortality of the uouL' The Rev. J. Ashton suggested that if that were understood to be the doctrinal basis of the Alliance all those applying for membership, who would know that to be the case, might be received without their making any declaration. The Bev. J. Jefferis pointed out that the articles of the British Alliance were declared by a resolution following as not to be regarded as a creed, or as an assumption of the right to define the limits of Christian brotherhood, but simply as a definition of the class of persons whom it was desirable should form the Alliance. Nevertheless, he felt that in saying a person should either openly or tacitly subscribe to that creed, they would be narrowing the Alliance more than they ought to. The Kev. Mr. Bines thought the last paragraph was a conclusive answer to the objection. Mr. W. H. Burford proposed that the first paragraph— 'The Divine inspiration, authority, and sufficiency of the Holy Scriptures'— should be accepted alone as the basis of the Alliance. The Rev. F. W. Cox would second that, with the addition of the second article, affirming the right of private judgment and interpretation. Mr. H. S. Eabl was convinced, with his friend Mr. Jefferis. that if they undertook to make a creed, to which each member was compelled to subscribe, it would lead to considerable difficulty in carrying out the Alliance with success. If they took the first clause as proposed, it appeared to him that was sufficient. If they attempted to make a creed it was as much as saying the Scrip tures were not sufficient— (No)-for if those doc trines were contained in the Scriptures there could be no necessity for a human creed. He saw no necessity whatever for any form of human creed when they had a Divine one. The Kev. G. W. Patchell questioned whether if they did not adopt a doctrinal basis they would have an evangelical alliance at all, and he was not^repareil to unite with men who would deny any cardinal points of the Gospel. But if they adopted a basis which did not include those truths they might have men connecting themselves with them whose views would be as diverse as the poles, making themselves a laughing-stock for their in consistency. The Rev. J. G. Wright said if the ameadment were carried it would admit Unitarians, and he would sooner unite with, a Roman Catholic than with one who would deny the divinity and work of Christ and the divinity and work of the Holy Spirit in the conversion of souls. Mr. G.W. Cotton could accept the Bible with the right of private judgment; but how it was to be received without that he could not understand. It might be that in Young Australia he was too con servative, or paid too much respect to those of all denominations whom he esteemed his fathers in the Gospel ; but he could not feel at liberty to join any Evangelical Alliance unless they bad some main understanding as to how they were to intepret the Holy Word. Dr. Campbell believed an Alliance really on a doctrinal basis could not exist, and the fact that the Evangelical Alliance ai home had prospered showed that there was some machinery behind the doctrinal basis. The Rev. J. Jefferis pointed out the difficulty there would be in inducing persons to subscribe to a creed while the object they had in view was to include in the Alliance all those who held what were with a fair amount of distinctness understood to be evangelical views. If they couid only arrive at some means of defining what were Evangelical Churches without the adoption of any peculiar views, they would then secure all their objects and avoid all their dangers. (Hear, near.) The Kev. J. Henderson approved of the adoption of the creed or tenets of faith; and the last clause very judiciously provided that no one was bound in sut scribing to \t to accept it as a complete creed, or to say that he did uot believe in anything which was left out Mr. Burford suggested that the Alliance should be open to all persons who chose to present them selves for membership. The Bev. J. Pbice, tike the Bev. Mr. Jefferis, belonged to a community who did not like to put their hands to creeds. At the same time, they had a general understanding as to the proper views, and any person seeking membership in his Church who looked to anything but the atonement of the Lord' Jesus Qhrjst for salvation, he should advise to wait The question of an Alliance was different from a Church; and although in the Church to which he belonged they professed to seek what was termed purity of communion, he might once in six months or in twelve months be willing to sit down to the Lord's table with any who chose to partake without subscribing to any creed or profession, but simply as belonging to the Evangelical Alliance. Mx. T. J. GoBft if they were all agreed upon the fundamental poipt of the inspiration and autho rity of the Scriptures, could see no necessity for a creed; but if they were agreed so as to attach then names to - certain articles, such as a creed, they w.ere. toghly responsible to God for not forming one single Church. As far as he was concerned it seemed to him the right course was simply, as they all could, to endorse the proposition before them, to take the Scriptures as their rule of faith and practice. The Bev. H. CHEErrmit urged the adoption of the basis of the British Evangelical Alliance in its entirety, observing that if they wanted to have a substantial building they must have a good foun ! dation, and there was a good foundation laid on ' which they could erect the superstructure. (Hear, ! hear.) | The Bev. J. Henderson would not subscribe to it as his creed, but he would subscribe to it as the basis of an Evangelical Alliance. The Kev. Mr. Bisks presumed, though they ha-i not all creeds, they all believed the views set fortt in the resolutions. ? - The Kev. J. Lyall. as one of the Committee, should have liked, if his brethren could have Beer ? their way to it, for them to have adopted the re port. At the same time he had no objection to t creed being adopted. The effect of it would simply be that gentlemen, knowing those were the views on which the Alliance was founded, would never, if these were not their views, think of seeking admission to it (Hear, hear.) Mr. Earl, though he might endorse every word of it would not associate with an Alliance that would adopt a human creed in place of a Divine one. If they took the words of Scripture, he was prepared to subscribe to them ; but he was not to a creed couched in human language. The Kev. J. L. Parsons said it would be im possible to expound a creed in the text of Scripture without first settling whether they were acting upon the authorized version or not It Beemed im possible to arrive at any real union unless they in some degree defined what they believed in. To leave it as proposed would, he thought, only lead to confusion. Mr. Earl pointed out what he held to be the disticction between matters of faith and matters of opinion. What he held to be a matter of faith, as that Christ died for our sins, might be clearly ex pressed in tbe language of sacred Scripture. But he objected to deductions from statements, which were matters of opinion, being introduced. The Rev. F. W. Cox, in supporting Mr. Burford's proposition, said he had a great objection to creeds, and never swore to one in his life. When before the elders he gave a general statement of what he believed to be Scripture teaching; and mure than that he should never undertake to do. Another reason for objecting to the articles proposed was that it would exclude the Society of Friends-a body of Christians amongst whom a good deal of his earliest life bad been spent and who for holiness, integrity, and zeal of Christian character were second to none— (Sear, hear)— some of the finest specimens of Christian character he ever had the pleasure of knowing were among the Society of Friends, and this creed would exclude them, be cause it made a formula of the perpetuity of the Lord's Supper. On that mainly he should support Mr. Burford's proposition. A motion that the articles be considered seriatim having been lost, Mr. Burford's amendment was put and negatived. The motion adopting the basis of British Alli ance was carried ?nan. con. Subsequently, on the motion of the Kev. J. L. Parsons, seconded by Mr. G. W. Cotton, the clause proposed by the Committee was agreed to as an addition. GENERAL PRINCIPLES. The following clause, under the head of general principles, were agreed to unanimously:— 'That in this Alliance it ia distinctly declared that no compromise of the views of any member, or sanction of those of others on the points wherein they differ, is either required or expected, but that all are held as free as before to maintain and advocate their religious convictions, with due for bearance anl brotherly love. That it is not con templated that this Alliance should assume or aim at the character of a new ecclesiastical organiza tion, claiming and exercising the functions of a Christian Church. Its simple and comprehensive object, it is strongly felt may be successfully pro moted without interfering with or disturbing the order of any branch of the Christian Church to which its members may respectively belong.' OBJECTS OF THE ALLIANCE. The Rev. H. Cheethau moved that the follow ing paragraph be adopted :— 'That the objects of this Alliance be the pro motion of brotherly love among the members of Evangelical Churches, the defence of Christian truth against prevailing errors, and the preserva tion of the sanctity of the Lord's day.' Carried. MEANS. The Bev. J. G. Millabd moved the adoption of the following clause :— 'That, in order to carry out these objects, there shall be meetings for united prayer, united com munion at the Lord's table, meetings for con ference, public meetings, and such methods of evangelistic labour as may be deemed desirable.' Air. Burford took etceptioa to the proposed united communion, on the ground that, as pro posed, it would not be in accordance with Scripture, and proposed that the words referring to it be left out. The amendment was not seconded, and the clause was agreed to. MEMBERSHIP. The Rev. J. L. Parsons moved, and the Kev. J. Lyall seconded, that the following paragraph be agreed to:— ' All persons desirous of becoming members of the Alliance to make application to the Secretary by means of a printed form, to be obtained of him or of ministerial members of the Alliance.' Carried. The Kev. ?. Mead proposed a new clause in the following terms :— ' That it be within the powtr of tbe Committee to declare any particular member in eligible for membership on ground satisfactory to the Committee.' The Kev. Mr. Cheetham seconded, and the motion was carried. ORGANIZATION. It was resolved, on the motion of the Rev. J. G. Millard, seconded by the Rev. H. J. Lambest— ' That there be a President Treasurer, Corre rnding and Finance Secretaries, all of whom 11 be elected annually by ballot; and a Com mittee, consisting of 12, besides the above officers, four of whom shall retire annually, but be eligible for re- election.' MEETINGS. It wa3 resolved, on the motion of the Bev. Mr. Lyall, seconded by the Bev. Mr. Price— 'That there be an annual meeting for the transaction of the business of the Alliance, to be held every year in May, to elect the Committee and officers, to receive a report of the year's pro ceedings, and to discuss subjects of general interest suggested by the Committee. That the Commit tee have power to call special meetings for con ference whenever it may be deemed necessary. That general meetings for prayer be held once a quarter in Adelaide and elsewhere as the Com mittee may determine, on Monday evenings at- half-past 7. That ministerial meetings for prayer be held monthly, on the first Monday, at half-past 9\. That meetings for united communion at the Lord's table be held once a year at such church or churches as the Committee may appoint In har mony with the above it is suggested that in May there be a week of special meetings in the fol lowing order:— Monday, general prayer meeting; Tuesday, business and public meeting; Wednes day, united communion: Thursday, general prayer meeting; Friday, general prayer meeting.' FINANCE. It was resolved— 'That the sum of 2i 6d. annually be expected of each member, and that subscriptions and dona tions be invited in aid of the objects of the Alliance.' FORMATION. Mr. A. Dowie moved, and the Rev. H. Cheet ham seconded, that those present form the Society. The motion was carried, and a number of names were enrolled. On the motion of the Rev. Jambs Way, seconded by the Kev. J. G. Millard, the Kev. James Lyall was appointed President of the Alliance. Messrs. J. G. Millard and J. Jefferis were ap pointed Corresponding and Mr. W. K. Thomas Finance Secretaries, and Mr. David Fowler Treasurer. The following ministers and gentlemen were appointed to act a3 Standing Committee: -The Revs. W. L. Binks. Silas Mead, J. G. Wright, D. J. H. Ibbetson. James Way, and J. Henderson, Messrs. G. W. Cotton, J. B. Hack, Dr. Campbell, Mr. James Smith. Mr. A. Dowie, and Mr. George Hance. This closed the business of the meeting, which extended over three hours ; and the benediction was pronounced by tbe Kev. Mr. Binks, who during the latter part of the meeting filled the chair. 