EVENING SITTING. The Synod reiumnd at 7 1 0 p in. K6TIMATES OF SOUTHEKK AllCU DEACON RV. The Secretary moved -the Synod in committee, and brought on the order ol the day for the consideration of the w mainder of the reports and estimates of tbe southern archdeaconry. Upon tbe item of £290, third class, Graen Ponds Parish, The Rev Mr Cox proposed a reduc tion to £280, which gave rise to a prolix discussion. The Hev Mr Fletcher, in an able speech, ftdrossted the vigorous work ing of parochial associations. He hoped that in bis parish of H'8B thu wbnle of bis purishiunero would each ouniribiite their £hnrt) towunls the inmnton*noe of tha church. He dep. recated tl.e disposition of some mem ? bers ot Synod to cast dark clouds around, end to walk under them, in stead of under the sunshine of euooesB. He called upon nil such to get rid pf their hypochondriacs! notions. He thought tbere was no fear of the church for tbe coming year, and bad no sympathy witu those who raised up the ghosts of terror on the one band, instead of bringing up the realities ol success on the other. The rev gentle man was cheered at the close of his speech. The items for Green Ponds and Mac quarie Plains were eventually reduced from 290Z to 2802 each. The item of 2401 for O'Brien's Bridge Parish led to considerable dis cussion. Mr Butler proposed an amendment (hat the sum be raited to 280/. The committee divided— ayes 22 noes 12. Tue amendment was consequently carried. REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE. Mr Turleton brought up tha report of tbe selact commiitee on the arrears ot stipend and allowances due to the Rev. Mr. Garrurd, incumbent of Mac quarie Plains and the Plenty, recom mending their payment by four annual instalments. Tbe mover, as chairman ol tbe committee, lucidly explained the circumstances of the case, and eaid that the incumbent was entitled to £350 per annum, whereas he had received only £204. Other cures were in l similar condition, but tbe decision of the com ?unite on this cuse would govern the nlberB. lie ueked that tbe payments be made primary charges. A discussion arose, joined in by tbe Rev. R. D. Harris, tbe Church Advo cate, the Secretary, and Mr. Kannerley, who said tbe total amount due to tha incumbencies was £790, and the Rev. Mr. Fl -tcuer, who suggested a select committee upon all the arrears, and for his part he was ready to give his cheque for £100. The Hev Mr. Cox proposed that the southern finance committee be in structed to apply contributions in excess ol estiva es in support of vacant cures, and next in liquidation of the arrears due to clergymen. An amendment moved by Mr W. S. Sharlanii, ta«t be/uro any old cure be refilled, tbe arrears should be paid, was then put. The committee divided, resulting in ayes 12, noes 10. Tue amendment was therefore nega tived. The original motion tbat the pay ments be secondary charges, was put and carried. The estimates were afterwards adopted. The SynoJ resumed, snd the resolu tions having been reported, were con 6rmed. The Synod acjourned at 10.40 till Tuesday next. 