P A S Q U I N ' S P E E R A G E. (Continued.) FREDERICK. PALMERSTON BURLEIGH was, for- merly, under the impression that he was a de- seendant of Frederick the Great; but a recent article in the Herald has convinced him that he is of the Temple family, of which Lord Palmer- ston was the most distinguished representative. Has inherited some of his peculiarities, and of his idiosyneracies of temperament, but, admits that he sadly lacks the political- ability, the li- berial views, and the popularity of that fine old English gentleman, all of the modern time. (I am happy,—and I am sure that the public will be pleased—to perceive from such a frank avowal, that our great statesman and greater orator is able to keep all undue exultation of the mind in check, notwithstanding the unctuous and flattering re- marks, and the unbounded admiration of the in- comparable Editor of the " Gazette," and the loud- sounding lo Paans of that powerful Masonic Organ.). Is a safe authority upon Bridges. Ap- peals to H. E. the Governor, and to the Works Department in confirmation of this statement, Is a Freemason, and is sorry to find that Mr. Pasquin Redivivus is not a" Brother." Had such not been the case, all other claims or quali- fications would have been superfluous. Will discharge all his clerks if application be refused. Selects for his title Earl of Pinjrarrah. (Pooh! pooh ! claim dismissed.) OMAR ROBERTO JUVENIS PACHA infers, from his name, that he is of Turco-English descent. Has rendered " distinguished services " in the Ottoman Empire. Thinks he is as much en- titled to a peerage as " any other man." Does not subscribe to the Herald. (Other applicants have adverted to this fact as a favorable qualifi- cation, of which more anon) ; but, on his honor as a gentleman, could not :deny that he borrows, and reads it. Hopes that this open confession will not damn his claims. If application be granted, would undertake to remain in the Co- lony, and relinquish the idea of proceeding to India. Would be happy if Mr. Pasquin would raise him to the peerage under the title of Mar- quis of Bosphorus and Hellespont. (Claim re- ferred to the Comptroller General,) RALEIGH CROZIER BEETHOVEN is certain that, in any civilized community, his very name would be an indubitable and convincing proof of noble descent. Was formerly elevated to the Woolsack by Mr. Pasquin Redivivus, but is anx- ious for a still loftier position. Believes (judg- ing from his second name) that he is, collater- ally, of Episcopal descent, but naively adds :— " nolo episcopari." Is likewise a capital musi- cian, and reminds Mr. Pasquin of ,the recent honours conferred upon M. Costa. Does not know by what title he would wish to be known, but could not accept any lower dignity than a Dukedom. (Under consideration : musical claim referred to the Minstrels of the West). AURTHUR NONESUCH is already one of the no- bility of the " fourth estate." Is at present the champion of Protestantism, but cannot pledge himself to remain so under the new Administra- tion. If Mr. Pasquin would oblige him, would not hesitate to support any political creed, and would pledge himself to anything or anybody whom Mr. P. might be pleased to recommend. Would be very grateful, indeed if he could suc- ceed in obtaining a title, as it might tend to bring him under the notice of the new Governor for he would be wretched in the extreme, were he denied the entree of Government House, and the friendship of the Oligarchy. Is happy to find that Mr, Pasquin is no longer a Radical. Would be satisfied with a baronetage. (Must be satisfied without one.) HORACE WALPOLE DEBALLANTYNE is grateful for the distinguished honors already conferred upon him by Mr Pasquin. Is the author of a prize poem. Is very rich;and thinks he has hereditary claims upon the English Peerage. Is the special legal adviser of His Excellency, and of the Re- sident of the Port. Would, though at consider- able self-sacrifice, undertake to perambulate the Terrace, with ,is hat properly adjusted and his hands actually out of his pockets, if Mr. Pasquin would permit him to assume the dual title of Lord Bacon and Chesterfield—a title, which, he considers his legal erudition and polished man- ners renders highly appropriate. Would. dear Pasquin oblige ? (Certainly not! What is Bacon to Chesterfield, or Chesterfield to Bacon, or De Ballantyne to either. Horace Walpole (temp. 1869) may be the wisest and brightest, but cer- tainly not the meanest of mankind.) WALLACE. CANNING DEBROOKE frankly ac- knowledges his belief that the famous and stir- ring song, "Scots wha hse wi' Wallace bled," has no reference to himself. Considers that his claims upon the colony are really too well known to require enumeration. Mr. Pasquin must be well acquainted with his political views upon all the great questions of the day. Is agent for Lloyds'. (What of that? The fact does not insure your claims being Al.) Will not be raised to the peerage by any name other than the Earl of Harborborough, &c.; &c.; &c.; (If Mr. De Brooke's pedigree is as long as his letter there cannot exist the ghost of doubt but that he is of a very ancient-- should say, of primeval descent, I therefore have no he sitation in raising him to the peerage; though I consider the assumption of Harborborough for a title to be somewhat prema- ture. But, sooner than enter upon a correspon- dence with Mr. .DeBrooke I would gladly sanction his adoption of any earthly title whotsoever.) ARISTARCHUS O'DONNOGHUE DE LA RUE be- lieves that he is of French Huguenot and Mile- sian extraction—the Irish element preponderat- ing. Is a distinguisheld, though, by no means a popular member of the Oligarchy. Is known to his friends as Temporary Assistant Deputy Governor in charge of "The Family Chest." As to the little misunderstanding in, respect of the 25 thousand, would be happy to look up Mr. Pasquin at his official residence, and talk the matter over, but no doubt Mr. P will deem this unnecessary. (Quite.) Suggests that he may be called to the peerage by the title of Lord. Brixton, of Brixton Hall (Claim refused. Why this weakness for Bricks?) EDGARDO LORENZO maintains that the is a de- scendant of Lorenzo de Medici, a Florentine noble, also ;known as Loreiizo the Magnificent.- (It may be so; but I mingle a table spoonful of. salt with this information, and swallow it very cau- tiously). Has inherited that illustrious person- age's taste for literature and the fine arts. (I repeat the dose.) Is a liberal patron of the Drama (when represented by a certain company). Is an authority upon dominoes, botany, and footpaths. Has a decided predilection for the " members of the aristocracy. Has the greatest respect and admiration for the Superior Classes Would do anything to gain the friendship and the countenance of the Superior Classes. Al- ways believed fanatically in the power and in- fluence of the Superior Classes ; and since his admission into the select circle of the Guberna- torial residence, and his acceptation as a friend and a brother by that illustrious body, his fana- ticism has culminated in idolatry: Would Pas- quin oblige him with some sort of a title ? Could get His Excellency's recommendation, if that would avail, him anything. (Not a whit.) Would teach Pasquin to play dominoes. (I, don't care for dominoes—prefer loo, and vingt-un.) Would get him some invitations to dinner, and a great many invitations to tea. Thinks that Lord Fitznoodle would be an appropriate title, but would not object to. any other that Pasquin's fertile genius might suggest or create. " (Pas- quin's " fertile genius ". cannot " suggest nor create " a title detestable enough to express his contempt for the sycophancy and toadyism manifested in this, and in one or two other ap- plications. Pasquin seeks neither the acquain- tance nor the friendship of the present Ruler ; for with the rest of the Colony (Fremantle ex- cepted) he is preparing a suitable address to the new Governor; " So, good Lorenzo, fare thee well awhile ; I'll end my " dispensation " after dinner." or, at any rate, next week, when, I hope to dispose of the Fremantle and other claimants.)" PASQUIN REDIVIVUS Perth, - 