HOW HE BECAME A GOOD BOG. This dog was a pointer, as ugly as sin and as good as gold.. He nevey ; saved a man's life from impending death, when thq upraised arm and shining knife of a. bloodthirsty tramp, &c.; Nor did he ever jump through a dining-room window, and take a return ticket home, &c.; But he was a wonder none the less; - Only, in one instance was anything, sensational connected, with this dog's career; certainly, that was highly sensational, and I should say, so decidely unpleasant at the time that the remembrance of it no doubt was indelibly impressed on the dog's memory ever afterwards. How he was bred nobody knew; he was, in fac^ nobody's dog. There was no blue blood in his veins. Whether " He came of a litter of five, Four were drowned and he left alive, . Thought worthy alone to survive," ? no one knew and no-one ever will know. - He was " a curly-tailed pup,"' which I need not say is no recommendation in a pointer,' and his tail was "thick as an old gentleman's stick, if anything a little thicker at,the wrong end than at the-root. He was a square cut ani mal, with big ragged hips, great muscular quarters, strong straight legs ; his ears were very far set back (another good point, of . course), and instead of being thin and trans parent, with that peculiar-velvety feel noticed in well-bred dogs, were very thick and very hairy. He had, however, a very broad fore head, and another good pointy and; most ex pressive pair of eyes you ever saw .in a dog. When I first saw this dog he was over one year old, and his master, with an oath, kick ed him out of his room, and told his servant if he ever found the dog in again he would, shoot him then and there. His master was \- a Jceen sportsman, a very excitable "passion ate man, but, nevertheless, thd best-hearted fellow in the universe, a bachelor owning a snug little estate in a midland county of Eng land, with' a big house which he allowed a . relative to inhabit, his own quarters being in au humble ilittle cottage quite uusuited to his position. He had splendid partridge shoot ing, for hisrbeatwas surrounded with pre Norfolk or Suffolk <sould it havftiiRftn surpassed. Somehow he took a fancy to toe wbohe was Considerably BIT senior,' and j^rt^bjanche -to^fhoot when -i liked on his j estate was given me. And many irrattling^ayls .fejp^rfc we had together. floir iever, let's harVMok to the jflog., j - - ; ' Scene No;. Ti^The lst ofSe£teD»h.er. My JfiriendSaods&l;£in a stubble fielS* Mtli an e**' : cellent pointer of my own and one of his. I My dog is just found, and Bon is backing in j most approved form,T when all of a sudden J our friend " the curly-tailed pup" puts in an appearance"on.the scene. Dashing over the, | gate, he is up to the dogs in a moment, looks j dt them for a second; as much as^to say' I " What are you making such consummate lasses of yourselves for :in those rediculous attidudes 2" winds the game, which is evi dently to his taste, lashes his-sides with his stockwhip tail, and is into them like one O'clock. Whirr, whirr! off goes the covey. Bang, bang; a yelp, ti howl, a convulsive rolling over, a staggering attempt *io rise only to fall again, and a volley of oaths. The curly-tailed pup has received 'the contents of both barrels at about forty yards. Lucky it was for the best dog I ever saw that breech loaders were not then invented or this story would not be . told. *' 1)-: him, let him lie there/' with a few more expletives," for " the squire " could swear as well -as shoot, and the carcase was left in a ditch to rot. Guess my friend's astonishment when about a week afterwards the ghost of Shot was seen by him stretched in front of his kitchen fire. Almost literally " a ghost,1' he was skin and bone. " What, that brute comt> back ? The cook pleaded eloquently and forcibly (she had heard of the snooting) that the dog had come to the back door, and had looked so piteously and imploringly into her face that she wouldn't have had a woman's heart to refuse to take him in, and feed him. " The brute, he is not worth his grub. Keephim out of my sight, that's all,9' was the rejoin der. Scene No. 2.-The following season, also, on the first of September, the identical field, which was not .far from my friend's cottage, and imagine my astonishment when in the act of reloading, at noticing Mr Shot cautiously peering through a gap in the hedge at what was agoing on. "By Jove he wants another charge, does he?" was my friends remark when I drew his attention to the dog. No fear of that, Shot was too wide awake for him, and kept a very respectable distance from Ms would-be executioner. But he evidently intended to see the fun at any rate; and all through the day, in'nearly every field we went over, Mr Shot might be seen, too, taking notes of our proceedings. At luncheon nothing could induce him to come within fifty yards, but Jie sat up like a judge watching us. He never offered to hunt or to disturb' the other 4og$. In the evening, after dinner, for. curiosity's sake, 11 went into the kitchen, andthere was the dog j under the table, evidently on good terms, with the cook. Of course, this curious pro ceeding of a dog who hadbeen tickled with two doses of No. 6 to within an inch of death's door, was commented by us, and my friend's chuckle at the extraordinary sagacity the. dog displayed in "keeping out of his way, was very amusing. " Dash my wig " (a favourite expression of his, as he ran his long fingers through his carrotty mop) "I shouldn't won-, der if that mpngrel would make a goqcL; dog, after all." A day or two,after he tried to coax thedogtogo with him, but, "once bit,, twice shy," Shot declined his acquaintance, and took refuge in his sanctum, the kitchen, where he was safe. Scene 3.-I was the means of discovering the qualities of Shot. It happened thus. My mend,-who was a bit of a farmer, had gone over to the market town, and I was going to shoot over his manor alone. Now, what was it if not instinct or mind almost equal to that of man, that made this ugly dog, that I had never caressed or made friends with, jump up on me, lick my hands, run round in circles, as he met me at the front door, as I proceeded, gun in hand, to the field. ; He could not speak, but if ever eyes said,"May I come with you?" his did. Pat ting him on his head, I said, " All right, old fellow," and off we Went. My own dog was A very good one, and a very good-tempered one, and Shot and he were soon good friends. The curious part of it was that Shot 'never offered to hunt. He stayed' with me all day, and when I showed him the birds, he snuffed at them, and pocked his nose into them, but did not offer to mouth. Hares were very plentiful, and seldom a day but half-a-dozen were shot. He saw several get up and roll over, but he never offered to chase. In fact, he did nothing but, follow me closely, and I concluded that my friend had effectually cured Shot of all hunting proclivities. The next time, my host accompanied me, and then Shot's sagacity was more fully displayed. Would he come with us ? Not he; no fear; but during the day, at several places, I saw him perched on some vantage spot, watch ing us, but he always kept on my side of the field. To try him, we arranged to suddenly change sides as we walked, and it was quite amusing fo notice how quickly Shot made himself scarce, only to reappear, but always on my side. Of course I made a point of going out again alone with Shot to see what he would do, but, as bis master was present at starting, there was no-jumping and fond ling in his presence. In fant, I thought he would not come with me, but he did, arid was byiny side inthe first field.; How; he fifst began to hunt, what an extraordinary nose he had, never making a mistake, it would be tedious hfere to relate, but he took to hunting O^daya^t onpe, jquarterin^ .3iis, j&ound; regularly, and standing as steady as an old] dog. / Scene 4 and last.-Behold Shot reconciled to his'master, and my firm friend. "As per fect a dogas man could wish. VI- hare seen him,tried in the keeper's presence, against the best bred and'best trained from the ken nel of a nobleman noted for his dogs, but not one of them could hold a candle to Shot. " Every dog in the kennel; sir, and to shoot whenever you like over the preserves," was the offer Dawson, the keeperjmade, of course, unauthorised to do so, foir Shot, sifter he had seen him pefrorm one-, very hot, still day in September. ." No, no," said my friend,laugh ing, " not if your master threw the peerage into the bargain." The longest . day could not tire Shot. He knew every field of the beat, and seemed to know' by instinct where game was, but on fresh .ground he . was per fect, and I can scarcely call to mind his making a mistake, let this dog was never broken! His goodness was explained the moment you looked in the dog's - face. The expression on it was, " I know exactly what you want, and I'll do it; you need not tell me anything." There were several very thick hedgerows bordering my friends pro perty. In these, pheasants would harbour, pheasants that had strayed from the above mentioned nobleman's plantations. Shot would slip5 quietly through the hedge at the top of the field and go down it, always keep ing a|few yards in advance. When he found a pheasant or hare'or rabbit he would give a low sort of whine, a whistle was the reply, and Shot Would put out the game for the gun. He never offered to do this except on his master's beat, but, if told would do the same anywhere. Again, there were a great many wild ducks about,, fine plump: birds, I; think originally half-bred between the ordin ary wild and some tame ones. I used to shoot sometimes three or. four at dusk, as they flew down the side of a canal to the ponds where they were bred and. preserved, and whenever'they fell into the water, and sometimes from the other .side, Shot would retrieve. On partridges he was incompar able, and at the endof the season, when birds were very wild, his sagacity was displayed to perfection. He would at a hint' slink do^m a fetoce-side to work a plough' ridge and furrow,10was placing the game between himself anCtl^^uh » he would fcraWl:dn his belly almost! atisacV times, whereas on ordin ary occasions stood upright in good style. I have seen him foad a winged bird across a field, retrieve it, and bring it back the same way, >he went, ay§, and 4own-eharge .with it in his mouth if other* birds got up. When he stood- a rabbit he used to wave his tail gently and cock his head on one side, whereas with a hare he in variably crouched low, and I have watched for many seconds his attitude as he stood, or lay rather, to puss, with his nose not a yard from her form. In fact Shot was as perfect a dog as man could wish for. Whether his' master's method of breaking him in with that double discharge from bis Purday had anything to dp with it I cannot say, but com paring Shot with other first-class dogs, it always seemed to me that his sagacity, in stinct, mind, or whatever you please to call it, was something approaching that of man. It was just as " Cartridge " remarked in choosing pups. " You Could read his worth in his broad forehead' and expressive eyes. I have seen him even enjoying a rat hunt with the terriers, and tne way he would chaw up those vermin was something alarm ing; one crush between Ms powerful jaws | was enough. Why would he kill a rat and | yet not ruffle a feather of a partridge or offer , to bite a hare or rabbit? What 'name shall ! we give for such discrimination? Shot by | this time, no doubt, is gathered to his fore fathers, whoever ; they were. The last time ; I saw him snoring , loudly and vulgarly at his master's feet before a cheerful fire. . Instead [ of "~r-rhim, let him Jie th«are," as on that i almost fatal day, his master was then; more inclined to say with Ingoldsby " Never was dog so ' bien instruit* Or possessedofsuchnatiiraltalentas he." -Australasian. 