LIFE IN THE FAR WEST. BY LEON LEWIS, AUTHOR OF " THE WAGGON TRAIN," " THE WITCH FINDER," "THE WATER WOLF," ETC., ETC. CHAPTER XV. CAPTAIN FAIRWEATHER'S SECRET PATH. The appearance of the pursuing Laramie Road Agents in front of their camp, threw the emigrants among whom Hubert and his friends had sought refuge into an intense excitement. No time was lost in getting ready for the antici- pated attack. "Let the women and children be stowed away in the rear wagons," rang out the commanding voice of Lieutenant Brydges, high above the din and confusion. "Lively! all of you." It was done, and the lieutenant then added: "Let six of the wagons be turned upon one side, in double tier, to form a barricade in front of us." This was also done, when the defensive force was virtually intrenched, having the stream and the steep banks of Bitter Creek in its roar. "Now get behind that line of defence, twenty of you, the best shots in the crowd," finished Brydges, "and don't let a Road Agent come within rifle shot of you." The choice riflemen of the train, in less than a minute after the order was given, were at the post thus assigned them. "See!" exclaimed Sergeant Halsey, at this juncture. "I see some of the Road Agents riding away." A moment's observation convinced Hubert and Lieutenant Brydges of this fact, the moon- light falling full upon the pursuers. "They are going for reinforcements," ob- served our hero. "The fact is, the Road Agents hadn't horses enough to mount more than half of those who were actually present in the cave at the moment of our escape." "That's so," rejoined Whipley. "Accordingly," pursued Hubert. "I presume that the number of Road Agents actually before us does not exceed twenty." "In that case, we'd better clean them out immediately," muttered Jones, "and say no more about them." "That's easier said than done, my man," de- clared Brydges. "They are already posted, no doubt, in a strong position, on top of the bluffs yonder, at a point which commands the road— in a better position than ours." "No doubt," assented Hubert. But there's one thing evident, Lieutenant, and that is, that some of the robbers have been sent back for re- inforcements." "A good time they'll have getting them," muttered Sergeant Halsey. "They'll have to come on foot, and won't be here before morn- ing!" "That'll be soon enough to attack us," re- marked King—"the more especially as they'll come strong-handed. All they have to do is to collect the loose ones. The Black Hills are full of them." While the soldiers were thus discussing the situation with the freedom of old campaigners, our hero drew Lieutenant Brydges to one side of the enclosure: "A fight with these fellows would be no child's play, even if their number doos not exceed twenty," said he. "Not a bit of it, but a speck of real war," re- sponded Brydges. "They are not only suffi- ciently strong for mischief, but desperate. The depletion of their treasury, which they must have discovered, has stirred them up to the last degree of fury." "It has accordingly occurred to me, since they sent for reinforcements," pursued Hubert, "that we ought to do likewise. Should they come at us this minute, we could hold our own almost indefinitely, could we not?" "Yes, for we outnumber them!" "And that is the worst view of our case. A better one is, that they may not even attack us until morning." "I agree with you there. They have seen that there is a large force of us, and that we are ready for them. They can attack us only at a disadvantage, in the present position of affairs, and are quite likely to wait for daylight. But what is your idea?" "Why I think we ought to turn this possible delay of six or eight hours to account. We are only twenty miles from Fort Laramie, where there are plenty of troops. My horse is still in good condition. I can travel these twenty miles inside of three hours, tell my story to the com- manding officer, and in less than another hour thereafter be on my way back with a good force of cavalrymen." "The very thing!" cried Brydges. "It's a splendid idea. I'll give you a note to the com- manding officer." He hastened to write it. "We shall thus be able to give the enemy a hot reception," continued our hero. "The troops from Laramie can be off the ground be- fore daylight. We may even be able to place them between the Road Agents and their cave." "Good, Mr. Earle—capital! Will yon ride alone to Laramie?" "Yes; and I must slip off unseen. The Road Agents must not learn that a messenger has been dispatched for help. I will not even delay to tell any one else here about the proposed journey." "All right. You will start immediately, then?" "Just as soon as I can get my horse out of the corral, and leave unnoticed. I hate to go, when there is a chance that I may be wanted here before five minutes are over." "Don't think of that," interrupted Brydges, giving him the note he had written. "There will be only one less of us, and I'll try to do duty for both you and myself. No; you must go for assistance. Whether the Road Agents attack us now, or wait until morning, the help you propose to bring cannot fail to arrive at an opportune moment." "Good-bye, then for the present. If they attack you before I return, remember that you are to give them my compliments in addition to your own." With the quiet hope that seldom deserts men who are bred to danger, the two young men shook hands heartily, and separated—Brydges to go to the front of the camp, and Hubert to slip sway into the darkness at the rear of it, as we may call the side opposite to the robbers. The moment, in the estimation of the emi- grants, had now become critical. The Road Agents were singularly alert. A clang of arms came almost incessantly from them. Despite the darkness, they could be seen in motion, surging to and fro, some of them venturing quite near, others engaged in loud discussion. These movements of the robbers naturally drew the eyes of every emigrant upon them. "Now is my time," thought Hubert. He made his way to the spot where he had left the magnificent horse he had ridden from the cave. Like the other animals, this horse had been fed, and was ready for use. Giving him some water, our hero unhitched him and led him from the midst of the corral, unseen by friend or foe. A moment more, and he had crossed Bitter Creek, and was away from the camp, hurrying in a southerly direction, leading the horse, and keeping the camp of his friends between him and the enemy. "Possibly," thought he, "some of the Road Agents may have slipped past us on one side or the other, and placed themselves between us and Fort Laramie. I must guard against that possibility. I must make a considerable circuit away to the southward, and then come back to the road, striking it at a point below where any such parties would naturally be lurking." By this time he was at a sufficient distance from the camp to mount without risk of being seen by either friend or foe, and he accordingly leaped into the saddle. It was natural for him to halt an instant, at this juncture, to send back a sort of farewell glance upon his friends. Halt he did. "All continues quiet," he ejaculated. "I hope I'm right, and that the Road Agents will defer their attack until morning." Encouraged by this hope, he turned his face resolutely from the busy scene of the emigrant camp, and rode forward, continuing to lay his course nearly south. He was now alone in that portion of the plains, as far as any being in his own likeness was con- cerned. Nearly at the limits of his range of vision, in several southerly directions, he could see indis- tinctly—or rather catch glimpses of, by the aid of the moonlignt—quite a number of buffaloes, moving uneasily, and in the act of retreating slowly from the disturbed camp of the emigrants. Yet the plain was solitary, and gradually, as all sounds of the camp died out behind Hubert, a profound stillness settled upon it. It was no new thing for our hero to be in such a situation—riding alone, on a still, moonlit night, in the depths of the great plains. Often had he thus ridden with Miriam, in the days agone Ah! how beautiful those days had been, now that he looked back to them, in the light of the long lonesomeness his heart and soul had known since he left her. There was nothing disagreeable, therefore, in the journey upon which he had entered; to the contrary. He was used to such surroundings, and many were the bright memories of former happiness they now evoked in his soul. Yet thoughts of Road Agents and Indians would intrude upon his reflections unbidden. He had been too recently in mortal peril, and was still too much exposed to its repetition, not to experience a vague sense of uneasiness in the solitude through which he was passing. To hear the barking of the prairie wolf near him, or the howling of the common wolf, or to see buffaloes flitting past him, or to move amid a thousand shadows lying grimly upon the plain, and reflect that any one of them might be a deadly enemy—all these things constituted an experience to which, notwithstanding his familiarity .therewith, he could not be in- different. His hearing, therefore, his sight, every sense of his being, was accordingly kept active, as he thus rode over the plain. He had taken an easy pace, having borne in mind that Fort Laramie was twenty miles from the camp, and that his horse had already carried him fifteen miles since sunset. At the end, perhaps, of fifteen minutes, when he was not far from two miles south of the emigrant camp, he again halted. He had asked himself if he had not gone far enough in that direction. "Hardly," said he to himself, after looking back at the lights of the camp, and recalling the general direction of the route thence to Laramie. He accordingly resumed his way. He had not gone a dozen rods, however, when his horse, with a toss of the head indicative of an agreeable discovery, turned abruptly to the eastward, nearly at right angles with his former course, and set forward, with renewed speed, in this new direction. "Hallo!" muttered Hubort. "He knows where he is! He's been here before!" He bent forward, scanning the ground closely, and was surprised to see, the moonlight con- tinuing to favor him, that there was a well-de- fined path beneath him. The soil there was broken, for the width of a yard, and more plainly visible than elsewhere, being more or less destitute of grass. "A track, sure enough?" was the wondering exclamation of Hubert. "What can be this mystery? The usual military and emigrant road from Fort Laramie to Fort Bridges, by the North Platte, runs two miles north of here. This must be a secret path, as we thought back there—one used by the Laramie Road Agents. Can it be, since this is Captain Fairweather's horse, that this is Captain Fairweather's road? It would seem so. It must be here that he is in the habit of passing, when he takes his mysterious rides from the Black Hills to Ne- braska, or back, as mentioned by Whipley." The fact was evident, judging by the conduct of the horse, and Hubert initantly became interested in his discovery. He first assured himself that his horse was quite at home in the path he had entered, so unexpectedly to his rider. There was no mistake upon this point. The animal needed neither rein nor spur, but moved with that knowing air, with that zealous spirit, which is seen in an intelligent horse when he is on a familiar road, and especially when he is headed towards his stable, and begins to think of the feed awaiting him there. Just to see if the animal was acting by im- pulse or by knowledge, Hubert pulled upon one of the reins, as if desirous of going in another direction. This pressure was resisted instantly—resisted with as much determination as promptness. The horse would not be turned aside from the strange path by anything less than positive violence. His every action showed that he was in a way known to him, and that he meant to travel therein to some equally well-known desti- nation. "Well, let him go!" exclaimed Hubert. "I am far enough to the south to avoid the Road Agents, and I begin to be curious as to where he will take me. One thing is certain —he bears well to the east. This new direction, if continued, will certainly conduct me near Fort Laramie. I'll let him have his own way, at least until I have a reason for not doing so." The horse became quiet, as Hubert relin- quished the reins, to him, and sped along the strange path swiftly, exhibiting a perfect fami- liarity with it, and a fervent desire to reach some attractive and well-remembered destina- tion to which it was leading him. Thus favored with guidance as well as convey- ance, Hubert gave himself up to the musings with which the extraordinary path had inspired him. "After all," thought he, "why shouldn't Captain Fairweather and the Road Agents have secret path from the Missouri to the mountains? The government has its military roads; the mails and expresses have other routes; and the overland coaches and the rail- roads have theirs. Now, why shouldn't the vast army of robbers and desperadoes in the mountains and on the borders have a route of their own; a path known only to themselves, and one along which they can fly unseen, by day or night, without any danger of falling among settlers, wagon trains, or stages? It must be so—it is so. The Road Agents have their own path, and I have stumbled upon it, or rather this borrowed horse, better posted than I am, has conducted me to it!" These conclusions were so startling that Hu- bert held his breath a moment in wondering in- quiry. Putting what Whipley had said with what he himself had learned, it was impossible to avoid the belief at which he had so suddenly arrived —namely, that he had discovered a secret path leading across the plain—or at least that portion of it—and belonging, so to speak, to the great fraternity of outlaws he had encountered. The horse had now quickened his speed, of his own accord—as a horse is frequently known to do when nearing his stable. The path along which he was flying continued to be clearly defined to our hero's watchful glances, notwithstanding the rapidity with which he was being carried forward. The stirred soil, worn by travel, the trodden appearance of the scanty verdure, and, in places, numerous footprints of horses, as fresh as if just made, all constituted a path of which, under the bright moonlight, he could not have well re- mained ignorant, for any length of time, while riding therein. Busy with all the exciting questions which had thus presented themselves to him, Hubert permitted nearly on hour to slip away unnoticed —it passing with the quickness of a dream. As busy as he had been with his reflections, however, he had been vaguely conscious that the horse had quickened his gait, from time to time, till it had become a smart gallop. At length he drew rein abruptly, with a stern hand, bringing the horse of the robber chief to a stand-still—much to the animal's dissatisfac- tion. A startling thought had occurred to him. "Will not the horse carry me into some danger?" mused he aloud. "Is he not bound, in this hot haste, for some den of the Road Agents?" A full minute Hubert debated this problem with himself, maintaining his halt, although the horse champed his bit and pawed the air un- easily. "After all," he finally reflected, "I cannot be much more than ten miles from Fort Laramie. It does not seem likely that there is another nest of Road Agents hereabouts, so near to one of Uncle Sam's forts. Even if there is danger be- fore me, can I not keep my eyes open and pre- vent myself from running into it? Another thing, this secret path has been taking me al- most direct to the fort, near which it must pass; and what course shall I take, if I leave it? I should not dare alter my direction more than a few points, and of what use would such a change be? On the whole, I may as well let the horse advance —at least until I see something wrong. All this business is mighty singular. I am curious to see what will come of it. Yes, I'll go on!" He relaxed his hold of the reins, and the horse, with a visible delight, bounded along the strange path again, with a speed that attested that he was anxious to make up for his involun- tary halt. CHAPTER XVI. A WANDERING RIDE. MIRIAM had scarcely begun to look for Kit' s return from Red Knife's camp, when she per- ceived a man coming around the end of the sand hill behind which she was concealed. He was leading two horses. The signal agreed upon—a wolf- bark—was immediately given, and in another moment Kit was in her presence. "I have done little yet," said he, "except to secure these horses, which came in my way in the rear of the Indian village. They are fast, as well as I can judge in the darkness, and are comparatively fresh. They've just come from the Platte country, to be sure, but they came in a straight line, whereas we have been dodging all over creation. It accordingly occurred to me that we had better take them, and leave these others—these we have been riding—for they are terribly run down by our long journey, and would do at little service in case of real need. As you see, I have secured a lady's saddle for one of the new horses, so that you will be much the gainer by the change!" "A lady's saddle?" cried Miriam, who had been looking sharply at one of the horses—a white one—and who now sprang abruptly to- wards the animal. "Oh, Mr. Carson! it is Selim! my own glorious Selim!" "Yes, he's Selim!" said Kit, joyfully. "I knew him the minute I saw him, by what you have said of him during our long ride. As to how he came here, that was evident at a glance. The Indians found him where your neighbor Thompson left him—somewhere near Thomp- son's house—and at once put him to use!" Miriam had thrown her arms around the neck of the faithful animal, and received from him a joyful recognition. "How glad I am to see him again!" she murmured. "This is a good omen for us, Colonel Carson! My heart is over so much lighter!" "Then be hopeful, Miriam, while I am again absent," rejoined Kit, as he finished transferring the bridles to the fresh horses. "I shall not be away more than an hour from this time, if everything prospers. Be brave and watchful!" With this injunction, Kit again hurried away towards Red Knife's village, promptly vanishing from Miriam's view. The time did not now hang so heavily upon Miriam as during the scout's former absence. She talked to Selim, calling him by a score of pet names, and collected for him the few slim spears of stunted grass that grew on the hill- side. She felt safer, too, with that noble horse by her side, for she knew that she had only to leap into the saddle and speak a word to him, to be borne away with the speed of the wind. How long the brave girl waited for the re- turn of Carson, she did not know, but a keen apprehension had begun to weigh upon her, and the minutes to drag fearfully, when the re- port of a rifle, then a second, then several in chorus, was borne sharply to her hearing, ap- pearing to proceed from the other side of the sand hill, and to be discharged at no great distance from her. "Goodness!" she cried, aloud; "can any- thing have happened?" Even as she spoke, the form of Carson, mov- ing rapidly, again appeared at the end of the hill, and the signal cry, sharply and breathlessly uttered, again fell upon her hearing. In a mo- ment he was beside her, panting for breath, his countenance pale and anxious, his eyes flash- ing, yet his manner cool and collected. "In the saddle, Miriam," said he. "We must go back as we came!" Miriam knew by the very brevity of this speech that the moment was critical. Without a word, she leaped into her saddle and hurried after Kit, who was already leading the way towards their late halting-place. The jaded horses they had ridden during the day were necessarily abandoned. A mile or more was got over in a few minutes, and then Kit drew rein abruptly, rising in his stirrups, and looked searchingly around, listen- ing. "I see nothing, hear nothing, Miriam," he whispered, "and yet the rascals are moving! They either saw us on the trail, or suspected our presence. Their accursed village, like a rat- trap, was easy to get into, but hard to get out of. I made my way, without trouble, to the very lodge where the prisoners are confined— your parents only, for it seems that Mr. and Mrs. Thompson and the young Thompsons es- caped capture. At that moment, however, a swarm of the savages appeared around me, as if they had expected me, and made their prepara- tions to seize me. A fight followed. I used my revolver freely. Red Knife has now three followers less than he had at the beginning of that fight!" The last simple sentence told Miriam the whole terrible story—the veritable ambush into which Kit had fallen, the devotion and bravery by which he had made his escape, leaving three of his assailants dead behind him. "They most have seen us on the trail, as cautious as we've been," continued Kit, wiping the perspiration from his damp face. "Be that as it may, they were on the look-out for me. I did not see Red Knife himself, and the fact makes me uneasy. He may have been looking for us in this direction, or somewhere outside of the village. We must retire of course, for the moment, but all is not lost. The rescue of the prisoners is only adjourned. They shall soon be freed, Miriam. Keep up your cour- age!" The maiden mastered the keen regrets that had flooded her soul, and responded: "You have done nobly, gloriously! No suc- cess could have honored you more than this failure. It was inevitable. But hope is still with us, and freedom of action. Our next effort shall be successful!" They resumed their way, riding rapidly in the direction of their little camp. When they reached it, they found that it had been robbed of everything in it, including the two pack horses and Miriam's tent. "I see," muttered Kit. "The redskins have been here!" Before he could express the sense of peril given him by this discovery, half- a-dozen savages suddenly rode out into his view, not ten rods distant, on a sand ridge sufficiently ele- vated to reveal their forms dimly against the bleared sky. "There they are!" exclaimed the scout. "I feared so!" He slipped from his horse, raised old Chuck, as he called his rifle, sighted and fired both barrels in instant succession, rolling the two foremost Indians from their saddles. He had scarcely done so, however, when the Indians fired a volley at him, and his horse fell dead beside him, at the same instant that several more savages were seen approaching from the direction of Red Knife's village. "Are you hurt?" called he to Miriam, as the two groups of Indians halted, daunted by their reception—as they always are when death meets one of their number. "No; but you?" "My horse is gone. You will have to go on without me!" "Without you? Never!" "You must, Miriam. I know best. Bear away to the left, passing the savages, and then strike out for the Platte. You can be at Hat- well's within twenty- four hours. It isn't likely that any of these redskins have a horse equal to Selim!" "Oh, Mr. Carson, I cannot leave you!" "Hush, my child! The Indians will capture us both, if we do not separate, and so divide them! I promise you, before God, that they shall not take me—that you shall see me again! Strike out for Hatwell's first, and if I get a mount soon, I will ride in that direction. Go at once! You have a compass and matches?" "Yes. But—can you escape?" "I can, and will!" He threw his head back like a lion at bay, his nostrils dilated, his eyes flashing, his nerves tightly drawn, his hair almost bristling—his whole appearance terrible with man's most ma- jestic and glorious powers. "Oh, you will foil them!" cried Miriam, with a thrill of confidence worthy of that which ani- mated her companion. "I feel that you will not perish here! that your work is not done! We shall meet again, for God has willed it, even as he has willed these trials. And so —in heaven's keeping!" One moment Carson leaned forward, embrac- ing her with fatherly tenderness, while she pressed a kiss upon his forehead. Then he heard the words, "Away, Selim!" She was gone, like a flash of light, and lost to his view in the deep shadows. There was such a mist in Miriam's eyes at the moment of this terrible separation, that she was momently blinded. Everything seemed to reel around her. The quick, half-convulsive movements with which Selim responded to her excited command, rendered the air as hazy as it was breezy. She could only see the general di- rection she was going. In an instant, however, she had dashed the tears from her eyes, brought Selim to a steady, though rapid pace, and was coursing away to the east, in the edge of the sand hills, in accord- ance with Carson's advice, in such a direction as to render her interceptance by the savages im- possible. But, rapid as was her flight, the Indians marked the movement, as was evidenced by their excited cries. The great bulk of them instantly followed her. She saw these pursuers, and felt certain that the foremost was Red Knife. He rode, it seemed to her, as only that des- perate ruffian could ride, straining every nerve of his horse in the attempt to overtake her. At the first view of him she experienced a thrill of apprehension, but this emotion soon gave place to a feeling of security and content- ment. The former sentiment was awakened by the fact that her good Selim, although not over- exerting himself, was gaining upon the pur- suers. The latter sentiment was occasioned by the reflection that she had divided the hostile force by her flight, and so relieved Carson of half the dangers which had so suddenly beset him. "He has now only a few of the Indians to contend with," she thought. "This was what he wanted. He will make short work of those few. In an hour or less he may have secured another horse, and be on his way to join me at Hatwell's." Like every true woman, Miriam was brave. Like every brave woman, she was possessed of a hopefulness which no ordinary peril could destroy. Her soul had accordingly risen to the height of the situation. She was as calm as resolute. "Let them come," she murmured, looking back at the pursuers, while her features glowed with detestation and defiance. "They might as well run after the moon. I can leave them when I will—yet must not too soon. I must draw them further away from Carson." Intent upon this devoted purpose, the brave girl emerged from the sort of cover she had sought during the first moments of her flight among the sand hills, and bore away to the south, soon beginning to ride down the long slope which led to the Loup valley. The pursuers imitated this change of direction with a celerity which showed how intently their gaze was fixed upon her. From this moment, however, Miriam was quite at her ease. Assured of the superiority of Selim over the horses of the pursuers, why should she be troubled? It was rather a pleasure than a pain for her to feel how entirely Carson was rid of the two savages. As to any peril in which she had been from them, it was now all over. When she had drawn them miles away from their comrades, she could leave them to the soli- tude of the great plains, going where she would. But where should she go? Should she turn back, at the right moment, and seek to rejoin Carson, or should she ride to the place of meet- ing he had appointed? She was almost at a loss how to decide. On the one hand, she might miss the scout; on the other, she left terrible prob- lems behind her. She was recalled from her musings by the panting of the horses ridden by the pursuers. By an effort born of desperation, Red Knife and one of his men had neared her. Aroused to the fact, she looked back upon them with a smile half scornful, half mocking. "Away, Selim!" she again cried. The noble animal quickened his gait to such an extent that he seemed to move with the blended swiftness and power of a tornado. A few minutes Miriam held him to this gait, peering fixedly into the gloom before her, to be sure that she was not rushing into any water- course or other dangerous place. When she again looked behind her, she saw that one of the pursuers had already faded out of eight in the distance. "This is good!" she exclaimed, with the voice and mein of a great joy. "One of them is dis- tanced already—the man. The other is better mounted—the master. It is no common horse that Red Knife himself is riding. For all that, he is losing ground rapidly. Good, Selim!" It was a sight to see how the intelligent ani- mal responded to the gentle voice of his mistress. While his limbs displayed the strength of steel, they had the elasticity of rubber. His motion was flying without wings. The still air through which he rushed seemed to be rent by a gale. He did his work, too, with as much grace as speed. There was no panting, no clanging of hoofs, no jerky violence. In short, Selim was among horses what his fair rider was among women—a fine type of his race. Away he flew, now rising upon a long, billowy roll, now descending the side of a valley, and anon plunging through the bottom of a dry creek which had begun to show signs of wood and grass. For a considerable space of time—a quarter of an hour at least, perhaps longer—the noble animal maintained the rapid course he had taken, and in this time Miriam had all the could attend to in assuring herself, from mo- ment to moment, that the way was clear before her. "This is enough," she finally said, half-ad- dressing Selim, as was her custom. "We are out of sight and hearing." She quietly checked the speed of her horse, and reined him into a new course—one nearly at right angles with the one she had been fol- lowing, again heading to the east. No sign of Red Knife was now visible. He was utterly lost to her view, somewhere in the wide and lonely expanse of plain she had so rapidly traversed. "We will go this way, Selim," she continued, patting the animal on the neck, "at our leisure, long enough to be out of his path, and then we will go where we please." She rode quietly in an easterly direction about half a mile, and then came to a halt, looking around and listening. She saw and heard nothing of the pursuers. She had lost all actual knowledge of them, as they had of her. Whether they would continue to ride southward, or turn right or left, trying to find her in the vicinity where she actually was, she hardly asked herself, for she hardly cared. It was enough for her peace of mind, as far as they were concerned, that she had es- caped from them for the present, and that she could ride away from them at any future time when the occasion should offer. Calming herself with this view of the case, she allowed Selim to rest fifteen or twenty minutes, during which she mused upon the exciting problems of her life and experience: Where was Hubert at that hour, and when would he be with her? How had Carson es- caped from his assailants? What would be the lot of the prisoners in the hands of Red Knife? Would they escape, or be rescued? Would Red Knife wreak upon them the rage and vexa- tion Miriam had caused him? There was food here, not for a few minutes only of reflection, but for long serious study. Miriam soon aroused herself, however. "We must go now," she murmured. "To take a good start, I'll look at my compass." The words were followed by a low cry of anguish. On placing her hand in her pocket, she had discovered that everything it had contained was gone—her compass, matches, everything except a handkerchief. Her violent ride, in a position favorable to the emptying of her pocket, had shaken out nearly all its contents. For a moment Miriam was overwhelmed by this discovery, but she soon recovered her self- control, her courage asserting itself. She again set her course to the south, and rode quietly forward. She believed, from her general knowledge, as obtained during the day, while approaching the retreat of Red Knife, that she was not far from the Loup River. The very configuration of the plain attested the fact. She accordingly commenced looking for the scanty timber by which she knew its banks to be lined. She was uncertain, of course, how far she had ridden since leaving Carson, and consequently uncertain as to her distance from the river, but she believed that she was now within a few minutes' ride of it. These few minutes, however, having been got over without bringing her within sight of the stream, she experienced a slight anxiety as to its whereabouts, and its distance from her. She looked searchingly around her, half rising in her saddle. Not a single living thing, not so much as a shrub, was presented to her gaze. So far as seeing anything was concerned, she might as well have enveloped her eyes in a blanket, as to strain their gaze into that dense blackness. "Can it be that I have borne away, at any time, to the right or left, without knowing it?" she asked herself, anxiously. "May it not be so? I've heard that men who ride in the dark are liable to ride in a circle." Thus far Miriam had not glanced at the heavens, having had her course well defined in her mind. She had ridden east and south— then east and south again—two or three miles altogether in the first direction, and ten or a dozen in the latter. Given the starting point, it was easy to calculate where this journey had brought her. In theory, she had known every minute where she was, and nothing had seemed clearer, until this minute, than her whereabouts. Now, however, when her straining eyes failed to detect any signs of the stream—when it was evident that she was not where she had sup- posed herself to be—she experienced a thrill of alarm which sent her gaze, as was natural, into the depths of the sky. She was startled at the change which had taken place there since the commencement of her ride. Scarcely a star was visible, and these few were so scattered, so small, that she could not imme- diately tell anything by them. She knew the stars well, like any other intel- ligent navigator of the great land ocean, and could shape her course as well by them as by the light of the sun or by compass. But what if the clouds which had gathered in the sky should deepen? What if the struggling stars which beamed here and there through the lifts in that leaden pall should be withdrawn alto- gether? What if she should not be able to recognise any of the few stars visible? There was something startling in these thoughts. A full minute the anxious girl scanned the gloomy heavens with breathless interest, and then she resumed her way. "Never mind," she murmured with a sigh, "I am going in the right direction." She held to this course. To her great joy, she soon came to the stream she was seeking. The Loup, like the Platte itself, is a rapid river, but fordable almost everywhere. Soon Miriam had crossed it, and set forward to the south, with renewed courage, and at a rapid pace. A whole hour she pressed forward. During this time the stars had vanished, one by one, from her sight, behind a canopy of clouds of inky blackness which had overspread the whole sky. The darkness around her had become that grim, oppressive darkness which descends upon the great plains when the night is moonless and starless. Miriam could see nothing distinctly a single rod from her. She held bravely to her course, however, en- deavoring to head her horse south, but at length she conceived a sudden anxiety at finding Selim struggling through the grass of a bottom. Surely she was coming to a watercourse, but of what nature? The question was soon answered. In a minute more, she was again upon the bank of a considerable stream, evidently the Loup. How had she come there? She could only surmise that she had journeyed ever since leaving it in a semi- circle, and thus been led back to it. What should she now do? Her best course seemed to be to ride directly away from it, in a direction that would form a right angle with it. If the river were really the Loup, and not a branch, and if it flowed east, at that place, the proposed course, would take her south, the direction she desired to go. Sho accordingly decided upon thia course, reining Selim squarely about, and riding away from tho Btroam. Half an hour lator, sho wai itartlcd to seo, immediately in front of hor, another lino of lighter hue than the plain—a long winding line of dark grey, which she knew to be another river, or an elbow of the one she had last left. It was a terrible discovery, for it brought home to her the truth of her situation: She was lost! She halted a moment in speechless anguish, upon tho bank of the stream so unexpectedly presented to her view. She shuddered at the knowledge that there was no light in the sky, no object below to guide her a step further, or even tell her where she was. "O, Selim!" she murmured, clinging to the neck of her faithful steed, with emotions we will not try to reveal, "We are lost! lost!" The horse moved uneasily, and the movement gave Miriam a sudden inspiration. "Perhaps he can help me!" she cried. "Per- haps his instinct will guide him!" Her situation was now so visibly desperate that she did not hesitate a moment to act upon this idea. She gave the animal free rein, set him in motion, and allowed him to go where he would. Another hour must have been consumed in this manner, when she was again upon the bank of a river—a river which flowed in the same direction apparently, as the one she had first crossed —namely, to the east. "This is horrible," she murmured. "Even Selim is lost entirely. I may as well cross." She resumed the guidance of the animal for the next half hour, now going in one direction, and now in another, according as some idea or fancy struck her. Then she again allowed her steed free rein, and permitted him to go where he would. Finally, becoming quite despairing, she encouraged him to a rapid gait, and flew over the plain mile after mile, in the hope of seeing some light, or of meeting with some human being, as unlikely as it was that either a light or a human being should be found in that solitude. Thus hour after hour, taken in the aggregate, were consumed in a series of wanderings, the only fruit of which was to make her more and more uncertain as to her whereabouts. Suddenly Selim tossed his head restlessly, and snuffed the air uneasily. At the same moment Miriam heard the bark- ing of a dog, which seemed very close to her. "Saved! saved!" she said, in a transport of joy. "We have reached a settler's home! Forward, Selim!" But the horse resolutely refused to advance. She pressed him forward, urging him anxiously, but he proceeded only a few paces and again stopped. "What alarms him so?" asked Miriam, half- aloud. "What is it he fears? Mr. Carson said there was not a single ranche in the whole Upper Loup country." She strained her eyes to pierce the darkness, as she forced Selim to advance, and soon saw, only a short distance in front of her, a tall, close- built stockade, some ten feet in height. At its extremity arose the walls of a two- storied log dwelling. While her eyes made this discovery, her nostrils made one much less agreeable. A strange, fetid oder saluted them, a sickening stench, a smell as of blood, filled the air. Selim reared violently, and refused to obey her further urging, halting in an attitude indica- tive of terror. "That must be the yard of the house," thought Miriam. "It is stockaded to resist the attacks of Indians. Shall I inquire my way, if anybody lives here? I cannot find the gate in this darkness, I fear. Let me make a little exploration!" She slipped from the back of her horse, re- assuring him with a word or two, and approached the stockade. She had scarcely gained it when she stumbled over one or two long pieces of timber. These she set promptly against the wall of the stockade, climbing them, and looking over the top of the wall into the yard below. What a sight was that which met her gaze! [TO BE CONTINUED.] MAUiirAOK.?An altar on which man lays his pot-kot hook nnd woman hor lore loiters. In Ohio they divorce husband nnd wifo if oithor party snores bo loud that tho othor can't sleep. "Genteel girls" aro truo labor-saving ma- chines. They suvo all tho labor by doing nothing. " Do you play hy tho oar ?" inquired a pupil pf a duncing-sohool llddlor. " No, my dear, I play hy tho night," 'Tun individual who was content that his lifo should ho linkod with orimo, hus found a strong chain round his log. Till! poor follow who " couldn't hold his own," has got himself into a worse difficulty by trying to koop anotlior's. What is stronger in death limn in lifo ??An old yellow-logged hon. If you don't boliove it, try to dissect ono after boiling. Tun fellow who " broko loo.»o," Iiiib gono into partnership with tho ono that " broke tho nows," nnd thoy unticipulo doing a smashing business. An iufullablo remedy for redundancy of stylo is for tho dill'iiso author to form the habit of writing advertisements, mid paying for thoir insertion. " Can you tell mo,', nskod a pundit, " why a conundrum that nobody can guess is liko a ghost?"?" Shall 1 (ell you now or noxt month?" ?" Now, if you plouso."?" Woll, sir, sooner or lntor, ovcrybody liiiiBt givo it up." "Sam, did you soo Mr. Jenkins, tho now over- seer?"?" Yes, massa, I meet him down by tho cotton gin."?" Ho'b a good-looking fullow, isn't ho?"?" Woll, massa, ho tulkB liko u good-look- ing mun ; ho mndo a bow, dut's ull ho said." Female Talk.?In u mooting houso in which it wns customary for tho mon to sit on ono sido of tho room mid tho women on tho othor, thoro wus bo much talking ono Sabbath that tho ministor had finally to spouk of it. " I hopo you'll luko notice Hint it's not on our b'kIo of tho houso," responded ono of tho Indies. "So much tho hotter," replied tho minister, "so much tho hotter; for thou it'll bo Booner ovor." Soett the Actor.?A gontlomnn called ono ovoning to seo Suotl, tho comedian, at tho stago door of tho theatre at which tho actor was engaged. Suott not being in tho thoatro, tho gontlomnn?to whom tho actor's porson was unknown?rosolvod to wait. Presently the actor carno in, drenched .with ruin which wns falling heavily. " Pruy, air," Bttid tho gontlomnn, " aro you Suctt."?" Egad," wub tho reply, " I ruthor think I'm dripping." ? How to Pbkvknt a Theatrical Panic.? Tho facetious Joe Hall (tho original I.ocMt in "Tho Beggar's Opora") in tho year 1730, when tho Bcono-room at Covent Garden waa on fire, and tho audienco greatly alarmed, waa ordered by Rich, tho manager, to run on th* stage und oxpluin tho matter, which honest Jo» did in tho following extraordinary address: " Ladies and gcntlomen, for heaven's sake don't bo frightened?don't stir?keep your soati?thu firo is almost extinguished; but if it was not, you would huvo a reservoir of 100 hogiheads of water over your heads that would drown you all in a few minutes." Exit Joo. The Man Who Had tub Clothes.?The morning of tho doy arrived on which the Legis- lature of Now Hompshiro was to assemble. At an carly hour an intensely countrified specimen of humanity mndo his way to tho State House, and took a seat noar tho Btovo, in one of t' smnller anterooms. Ho was a frank-' honest looking mon, of middlo ago; hi hands and swart brow indicating har' ing toil. His garb was a study fr Tho fabrio was of home-carded wool, blue and whito; tho upp coat and half smock frock; thr and short; while tho pants,' torn, and ofter u primitive "' down nt tho bottom very t' a pair of enormous cowhi this lusus natara: tons pedal extremity, and p tively upon tho busy ? fro through tho hall ' dozen members en' ' consultation. A to bo pulled at' politicians fo1 . ¦ - , stranger!" ' " Ha-al-lo-o Tho'gentlp ' '' " Wo wa you."?' « Whf 'bout "A- ? .- . th Y ., jut last igbtl; , ,. ie boo ' " - .ting hi ; ,uziug oo , ' t jiembersi .beyond. . ' .eredtheant system of w ?ho right time . the primary .ried tho loads .yorsolf!" drawls .mBn pointed to the At you to leave. -" ,-, jroyouplesie. ? ?» ? '/' here. Never was m th , ' .d you'd better never co ? /poUian'rtt^r"Cl°dD . IDoyoumoaatosaythatJO » q?tin. Vm a member o , p-alTefs.o-1, lookcUh-» ^'^^"rep.t . Eankne" and honesty i?°od»»nj ¦»<>.>> "r11- _ 