THE POPE'S CURSE TURNED INTO A BLESSING-; OR, ASSUMP- TIONS VERSUS FACTS. By the i ate Rev. Dr. Cooke, Belfast. His mouth is full of cursing.— Ps. x. 7. 'But tho lord thy God turned tho curse into a blessing.'— Dout. xxiii. 5. The Roman Pontiffs and priests, among otlier prerogatives, claim that of cursing mankind ; and there are no anathemas so constantly, systematically, and fiercely pro- nounced. Mahomet was a malignant cursor but Mahomet falls far short of the Roman Pontiffs. Goliath of Gatli cursed David, and boasted that he would give his car case to the fowls of the air. But vain were his maledictions ! The proud Phi listine was laid in the dust, and the strip ling hritiiad cursed saw Philistia succumb to his power. Balaam was hired to curse Israel, but though thrice seven altars were erected, and thrice seven bullocks and rams were offered thereon to bring down the curse, it was all in vain ; there was no enchantment against Jacob, no divination against Israel ; God turned the curse into a blessing. These facts show how impotent is human malignity when it invokes Divine power as its ally. The curses of Rome are so numerous, that time would fail to enumerate them ; and some parts of them are so indecent, that modesty forbids us to place them before the reader. The following is the form of anathemas used on ordinary occa sions : — ' In the name of the Father, and of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost, and also of our blessed and most Holy Mary ; also by tho power of the angels, archangels &c.; We separate M. and N. from the bosom of the Holy Mother Church, and condemn them with the anathema of a perpetual malediction. And may they be cursed in the field, cursed be their barn and cursed be their store, cursed be the fruit of their womb and the fruit of their land, cursed be their coming in and their going out. Let them be cursed in the house and fugitives in the field ; and let all tho curses come upon them which the Lord by Moses threatened to bring on the people who forsook the Divine law ; and let them be Anathema Maranatha, that is, let them perish at the second coming -of the Lord. Let no Christian say A.ve to them. Let no priest presume to cele brate mass with them, or give them the holy communion. Let them be buried . with the burial of an ass, and be dung upon- the face of the earth. And as these lights' arc this day cast out of our hands and extinguished, so let their light be put out' for ; ever, unless they repent, and \- by amendment and condign penance, make satisfaction to the church which : they have injured. Three successive Councils cursed the heretics' of their days. . The fourth Coun cil of tlio Lateran, in l245, surpassod all ' its; predecessors in the severity, of its decrees; ' pronouncing 'excommunications, anathemas, and condemnations against all heretics of every denomination, with all who 'afford them protection, favour, or support,- and it consigned all to the sc- . cular arm for punishment.' These sweop- .ing anathemas were designed to fall' upon all professing Christians throughout the world who were guilty- of taking : the Bible, instead of the decrees of Popes and their Councils, as tlicif guide to salvation. \- While ,somc papal, anathemas were against all' heretics, others were thundered against particular1 nations, and there is no country under heaven which lias been more heavily cursed than England 'by tho Popes of Rome. . From < the time our country threw off tho yoke of papal tyranny until' 'now, it has lain under -these .dreadful maledictions. Against Henry VIII. a fierce anathema0 was hurled by Pope Paul III., in which he not only deposed the monarch, and dis solved -all his subjects from their alle giance, but pronounced all Protestants accursed, annulled their contraots, forbade other nations to have intercourse with us, .fixed his ban upon our trade and com merce, and called upon our continental sovereigns and their armies to make war against us,' anid reduce us to slavery, pro mising- his blessing on all our adversaries, and pronouncing his curse on all' who 1 favoured ; us of : in ' any way opposed his decrees. , \ When Elizabeth ascended the throne . of 'England, Pope Pius V. pronounced another malediction on her and her Pro testant subjects. ' This bull is entitled, The damnation and excommunication of Elizabeth, ..Queen of England, and her adherents,; with an ; addition of other punishments.' It is now about three hundred years since this heavy curse was pronounced, and it has never been revoked. Indeed, so far from being annulled, it has been re peated, with great solemnity, every year since that time. For on Holy Thursday a universal curse is pronounced on all heretics throughout the world. ' The Pope,' says Hurd in his History, page 217, ' is then clothed in red, and stands upon a high throne tho better to be seen by the people. The sub-deacons, who stand at the left hand of his holiness, read the bull, and in the meantime the candles arc lighted, and each of them takes one in his hand. When the excommunication is pronounced, tho Pope and cardinals put out their candles, and throw them among the crowd, after which the black cloth that covered the pulpit is taken, away.' Now, as our country has lain under the Pope's curse for three hundred years, we ought as a nation, ere this time to have been annihilated or reduced to the last state of wretchedness and misery — a blackened, ruined monument of papal vengeance, a beacon to all surrounding nations. Let us look at the dire effects of Rome's curse upon our country and its institutions, and we invite the Pope him self to accompany us in surveying tho havoc and desolation his anathemas have made. Eight things were implied in the Pope's curse, and in these eight things we shall see that this curse has been entirely reversed. 1\. Three hundred years ago his holiness doomed our country to the curse of in vasion; and he solemnly declared lie was invested with fulness of power over all people, to pluck up, to destroy, to scatter, plant, and build ; and having uttered his thunder, he lifts his hand to strike Philip II. of Spain is urged to collect a powerful navy to carry a land force, and to be laden with instruments of torture and death. > ' Let your Majesty delay no longer,' said Pope Sixtus, ' and we pro mise a million scudi towards your ex penses.' In 1558 the formidable fleet -is ready ; its 130 vessels carry 2,431 guns, with 30,000 men, including the flower of the Spanish nation.- No such armament was ever launched before on Spanish seas; it was proudly called the 'Invincible Armada.' To make the ruin of England doubly sure, another army of 34,000 men was assembled in the Netherlands under, Prince Parma, to act in conjunction with the Spanish fleet. The colossal squadron sails on its destructive errand. Mean while the forces of England arc summoned — small, indeed, compared with tho ships, of their mighty antagonist. But prayers ascend from all our churches and hearth to tho great Ruler of the seas. The fiery curses ot the Pope against England , are .met by the following humble appeal to God- — 'We do instantly beseech thee, of thy gracious goodness, to be merciful to the church militant, and at this time en compassed about with most strong; and subtle adversaries. O let thine enemies know that thou hast received England into thine own protection. Set a wall about it. O Lord, and ever more mightily defend it. Let it be a comfort to the afflicted, a help to the oppressed, and a defence to thy Church and people, per secuted abroad. And forasmuch as this cause is now in hand, direct and go before our armies by sea and land. Bless them and prosper them, and grant unto them success and victory. Thou art our help and shield : — O give good and prosperous success to all those that fight against the enemies of tho Gospel.' In this suppli cation God is recognised as 'our shield,' and now it has to be seen whether Eng land sprayer or the Pope's curse would prevail. In July our forces are ready and our gallant : Queen herself animates' their hearts by her courageous presence ' re solved,' as she said, 'in the very midst of battle, to live or die for my God, and for my kingdoms, my honor, and my blood.' Now our fleet spreads its sails, and the nation. confides it to God. 'The 'In vincible Armada ' is in sight, drawn- up in tlie form of a crescent, extending near ly seven'; miles. Is was as the cursing Goliath and the" praying stripling. The little fleet of England undauntedly met the foe, and hurls its broadsides into tho huge leviathans, and for fourteen hours the conflict rages amid fire and smoke and blood. Wide destruction spreads among the Spanish fleet, the lofty galleons are dismantled, terror and dismay unnerve the haughty admirals, and flight or death is their choice. The die is cast, the day is won, the ' Invincible Armada' is van quished, and its miserable remnant haste to escape ; but the angry elements meet it im its flight and complete its destruc tion. Only a mere shadow of this power ful armament returned to tell the shame ful story of a defeated expedition, which cost Spain millions of money and many thousands of men. To complete this mortification, the infallible Pope declined to honour his promise of a million scudi, and left poor Spain to bear the entire loss of her treasure, as well as the shame of her defeat. The Pope's promise of money to Spain was like his curse againt Eng land, vapoury and hollow, devoid of rec titude and truth. Turning from defeated Spain and hum bled Rome to London, we behold a splen did sight — tho Queen in state, accom panied by thousands of her loyal people, moving in procession to St. Paul's to ren der joyous anthems to God, whose right hand and holy arm hath gotten for them the victory. Striking and impressive as is the fact before us showing how God's blesses whom the Pope enrseth, it is but the first mem orable act of a great drama which is still going on. Oft since then have our coasts been menaced by the Pope's myrmidons, but never yet have they been invaded. The great Napoleon, aided by the fleet of Spain, vaunted that he would take old England, and at Boulogne, in sight of tho white cliffs of Dover, he intrenched his legions, but ho never reached our shores, defeat and humiliation awaited him on the plains of Waterloo, and exile in St. Helena finished his career. It is remarkable that, before the Pope's curse was hurled against us, wc had often been invaded by foreign foes ; but during all the 300 years that we have been doomed to invasion by his anathemas, no foe has landed on our shores. Countries which tho Pope has blessed have often ravaged by' the storms of war, but the isle 'of Britain has never been touched since the malediction came., Why? Because the Ruler of the' Universe liatli said that ' the curse causeless shall not come.' ' The ' Lord, thy God ' hath turned the curse into a blessing, because he loved tlicc.' The Pope's curses included not invasion, butmalcdictions on our national energies and resources ; it might therefore be sup posed by those who believed in the efficacy of Rome's anathemas, that if we were not annihilated ' by. invasion, still the curse would take effect in some other way, and that our nation would! be so blasted as to dwindle into insignificance. Let us sec.. . In the increase ,, of 'our population the Pope's curses have been reversed.- — When the Pope's maledictions began to fall on „us, Great Britain/contained only about five millions of inhabitants. If there, had been as much efficacy , in the Pope's an athemas as there . was malignity in his wishes, pestilence and calamities would soon have reduced our five millions to a miserable , remnant. But what say the facts of history? In 1688 our population had. risen from five. to six!and a; half millions,; in" 1786 the population had increased to eight mil lions ; in 1S01 it'had increased again to nearly eleven millions ;; liT 1811. it had advanced ' to nearly - twelve millions ; in 1821 it had risen to above; fourteen mil lions; in 1831 ic had again 'risen to more than sixteen and a half millions'; in 1851 it had; advanced to' tweiity:two millions; and. at the last census, in! 1866,. the popu lation had reached the'number of nearly twenty-five millions. In these figures wo omit Ireland, because it might be said the Pope'scurses do not rest on it. Nor do we include the millions in our colonies, nor the British settlers who have' formed another great natipn in . America. ;: Hero then are a people cursed by the. Popes in their bodies and in their , souls, in the fruit of their wombs and' the fruit of their fields, and the curses have been annually repeated for 300 years ; and yet, instead of being extinct or diminished,; we have prospered and multiplied to a degree be yond all others, being this day, omitting. Ireland and all our , colonies; five times .the number we were when the Pope began to ppur forth his denunciations against us. Let us, by way; of. contrast, look at the Pope's own' territory, especially the holy (?) city where he is enthroned. Ah ! Rome, what state on earth is favoured as thou art ?, In thee resides the so-called vicar of God, ' who assumes all power in heaven and earth ; thou art' blest with his veritable .presence and his personal minis trations. On thy altars' wreaths of fra- grant incense daily ascend from holy (?) hand ; richest bonediction on thy basket and on thy store arc pronounced by infal lible (?) lips ; and crowds of angels and patron saints are said to defend thy sacred walls and foster thco with fondest care. What city, except the new Jerusalem above, can vie with thee in sanctity and blessedness! How unlike that city of heretics, London, scathed and blackened by the anathemas of 300 years! Yet look at stubborn facts. This same Lon- don had a population of not more than ' 500,000 when it was Catholic — it has a population of three millions now it is Protestant ! Rome had a population of four millions when she was heathen — she has a population below 200,000 after all the centuries of her Papacy. In 1800 the population of Rome was 153,004 ; in 1813 it was only 117,882, having dimin ished 36,124 in thirteen years. It is to this day a small city, dilapidated and miserable, tho mero shadow of what it was. Hence it seems that the effect of the Pope's curse is to make a small city into a great one — yea the greatest in the world ; and the effect of his blessing on his own capital is to depopulate it, to leave its palaces to moulder, to convert its fertile valleys into swamps, and to fill its once salubrious atmosphere with malaria and death. The Pope's curses, like young chickens, always come home to roost. But ' Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well, whose branches run over the wall. The archers have sorely grievod him, and shot, at him, and hated him; but his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of fcJacob.' — Gen. xlix. 22 — 24. 3\. The Pope's curses have been reversed as to our colonial possessions. — When the anathemas of Popery first fell upon our country, wc had no colonial territory. We had, indeed, the little Norman isles, and the town of Calais, with a few small villages, as our sole possessions in France, but the last remnant of our possessions on the continent were lost ' ifi the reign of Bloody Mary, notwithstanding the Pope's benedictiou on his devoted handmaid. It was under Protestant rule that foreign lands were added to the realm of Britain. Scarcely had we shaken off the Pope's authority before Newfoundland had be come ours ; soon after that the islands of Bermuda, St. Christopher, Barbados, Barbuda, Antigua, Bahamas, Ascension, Jamaica, the Virgin Isles, &c.;, were ours, with Honduras in Central America, and various possessions on the west of Africa; In the next century, Trinidad, Gibraltar, that impregnable fortress, and key to the Mediterranean Sea, the large and fertile island of Ceylon, the Canadas, stretching from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean, the two islands of Now Zealand, equal to England in dimensions, and the great continental island of Australia, were added to our dominions. Since then, Malta, Columbia, Tasmania, Hongkong, Caffraria, with extensive parts in the south and east of Africa, and last, and greatest of all in importance, the vast country of India, with its 200 millions of people, has become united to our empire. We have now sixty colonial or foreign dependencies, embracing within their ample range some of the largest, the fairest, and most fertile portions of the earth, and including about one-fourth of the population of the world. Such has been the growth of tho British Empire since Rome's diro curses fell upon Eng land. It had about five millions of peo ple when favoured with Rome's blessing; it has grown to about 240 millions since scathed with her anathemas. It was con fined to the narrow limits of the British and Norman Isles when it basked beneath the Papal smile ; it has become the most extensive empire, ancient or modern, in the world, since loaded with Rome's heaviest maledictions. Its foreign and colonial possessions are not only larger than those of any other kingdom, but of all other kindoms added together. Moreover, it ought to be noted that, while our foreign territories have been thus growing, the kingdoms which the Pope had blessed have lost most of their foreign possessions; and what is yet more remarkable, England has got many of them. It has been truly said that on the British dominions the sun never sets; before his evening rays leave the spires of Quebec, his morning beams have shown three hours on Sydney, in Australia; and while sinking behind Lake Superior, in Canada, his, eye opens on the Ganges, 'in India. Instead of being blasted, withered, and diminished by the Popo's anathemas, the blessing of Abraham hath come upon us : " la blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore j and tliy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies.' — Gen. xxii. 17. j Co he continued." 