NOTES ON THE INTERCOLONIAL MATCH. by a uiembek op tiii: h.C.c I have couie to two deliberate ami decide com usions from witnessing this match, mid don't ink.,,,! ■ move from them unless for , tron" ami i clus to : .. fur.- j.-n'f S1 •; Cf i...-tv.-.-e« • ! in;,1:111- when it cnu,, t„ ij,,. V • 1- 'hat r.-putaiion d.-« a .'iv'.t:!l! bona tide play. Individual!',-. l\v ; s iroiu this di.-piay. I innotvnt.lv tho.H,t tl'-.t J ot nerves, and tear and tremblin.- at the !i crowd, were conlined to raw materia1--.' .If" q * but when one sees old anci should be'-ea-oneVl v"! going in pale as ghosts, j.lavii^ -rnvW V out with infinitesimal scores, °<:ven courage and dithers rejoin. Never was tiiete » colonial match 111 which so inair-7 ' batting department so completely miWd ^ dill, Kelly, hgglcstouu, WiU« .1Iui ' . , , Goldsmith, all went off with 'the f f ^ pop conceivable. Wills, however had real t luck m the second inning beinc c 1 r n taken by a side running catch 'by Hewitt oit'a i lnt-ono of the Oldham family 0f ' lour any day of the week. The otherc were ribbS very soft and I am firmly convinced that if a it investigation had been made for Goldsmith's he'ut i would have been found sotnewhero in th<> r • • his boots. I never saw a man in such a helpk^""" of funk. He seemed to put out his bat trusfim V Providence for the ball to hit it, and not it the £,« and the result was a pur of those aids to si-ht U t cricketers most Late, ° a0 On the Sydney .<ide it was o pV.a ne ♦ ,1 all round for, with the cxception'of ShendMP " * Coates, and Park, i anything worth mentioning, uor werw two anything marvellous. (Jaffvn Tlwuf Hewitt greatly disappointed the public tlw'Tw' f"'* mer, especially, playing very lh kilv in t f°'" innings; in fact, had an cas/chanee^d "n ^ ??CWld to Allen been taken the Surry don would haw *$'!} with a modest unit. As it was hi,-I- f , . a little longer, while Thompson, after phvh, vously for a few overs retire,! clean bowled -oi'V''1'" which was one really fine hit oil' Sam CWi<| " square leg. ^o^uck to <*££&JStKSfSrSi; w "f ™ * elegant style he gave a couple of chances" which '"h"l they been taken, would have reduced Id - J. ' terially; but what I object to from tluky smcks in the slips oil' the ed— nf t To me it l?ks more like 1,4 tWri&1tUU.S is no doubt he is a good man. and can ,,hv , 1 - sive game of the toughest, i[c ,, * ' } Wuu" hit hard, has unlimited—well I'll 'J?. ° CJ-C,' Cilu and if he hasn't style he has ^feet?<?' two I think somewhat the ino°re , e^Ue• wM. ^ a field he is Al. As an inning both for fW"? hitting, give me Gibson's, fee wtv he wU ? •<lnd Coates was worth looking at, whilst Hewitt's si"''0 got particular pepper in the v ay slows sh ,11 ™ pered-all along the ground, a^l g^ f^ffe the held let them go by. Sam Cosstiek's 27 were <rot ill Sams own style—good hard, clean no 1 about-it hitting, peculiarly gratifying 'to r' and stirring times for the seorers IS'ove • 1 - ? _ . °j w ere too, and if only one half of Iim exquisitely scientific and elaborate play to leg would come oft a tremendous score wotdd be the rendt but , uulortmiately, it doesn't. ' > Sheridan's 37 for Kw South "Wales were well earned m view ot the splendid bowling he had jl face. He was given out " leg before," off a sere ami-if shooter of Tommy Ws fair accuse as ever call ^ any umpire s decision. As I was right in a line with the bowler, I could judge, but, like all men so h-ul he must needs protest, and m the grossest bad ta^tj kept. lib| loot down, gesticulating vehement! v. Uf course all this was intended for the crowd and'it h id the desired effect. You should have heard then, t particularly you should have seen them after tli» innings closed. They rushed round our 'eleven S lowed them to the tent, groaning, hooting, and eailii,. out 111 Uie most insulting manner. I remember " Lon ° stop s iIescrj])tion of a Sydney crowd, in the A lanau, some two years or so back, auent the low about Jones and Marshall, and I reeo"iiHed if ,, as a faithful picture of lots present this time.' I r'rut into the very centre of the crowd to see and hear°n much as possible, and a dirtier, greasier, or more blackguardly looking lot than the most of them, espe cially the young ones, it would be hard to find. St^l I must do the Sydney people justice to say that the major portion ot the spectators took no p^rt in tin demonstration, whilst a few in the crowd took the umpires pait. \et it was very disgusting, and I jhouldn t wondw ir Mr Smith objects slightly to .'0 to Sydney again. 0 lu the bowling department Hewitt and Coates did the trick for Sydney^in the first innings. Hewitt's ana 3,1, was something wonderful for such a match —4b balls, a runs, -i wickets, not got by llukes either but honest good bowling. Coates, to mv mind, ii about the greatest sham I ever saw uttempt'to trumlfo 1 .1 hist-clato mate 1 and were it only right hand in .tead ot left I would oack the Uuuinyong Eleven to four b >llUiS' "Sr°fc VC1'y swift> abuut ioui ball, out oi seven oU' the wicket, no break worth special notice, I confess it was a mystery to me how ,t took the wickets it did, except upon the reputation theory. U his is intereoionL bowling, I m halt inclined to recommend two official members ot the U.C.C. to offer their services next year and n they are not accepted, all I can say, talent wont be appreciated then as it is now _ Allen's bowling filled me with astonishment. T.uno in eveiy way, without break, pace, get up, or shoot, I could. sciucely_ believe it was the same Allen I had ! ?C(f 111 r,M01 , ilS 110 ot!lur Iert-iiauder bowled betore. I he ouly really meritorious thing about it was 1\. ur, !icuurat;y> always on, but very often ovei ; pitched—tho sweetest thing* in the world for laying into but the Sydney men, apparently overawed by name and lame, played as cannily at full pitchers (Uir | Coates) as the best lengthy balls he gave. Kelliek got one well up, a ball that should have got a tra yclling ticket to Jericho, made a great slash at it, and got bowled clean—about the soltcst thing I hav<> I looked ;it ior some time. Tommy Wills also astonished me, but it was the other way. I haven't seen such bowling for many a ay-, .ffc was simply magnitieent. Hereafter I'll pin | my iaith to Tommy as the best man in the colony at a pmch J.he iS.SAV. men were completely stuck up; the pitch and pace were capital, for, unlike his usual practice, loirnuy dodged very little, but kept fast I with a tremendous break nearly all tho time. The way he bumped them was "some caution" to nervous batsmen. Is early every ball bail high, or higher (po.-.»ibly- the state ot the ground assisted him some what), the only shooter he gave the whole time was | the one Sheridan got out with. I am fully convinced that if lommy had not played, K.SAV. would have won the match easily, as Allen was completely col ; -aied, and Sam Cosstick wasn't doing anything remarkable nor wouldn't have done at the rate he was going on. Ot the fielding it may be said that tlm Victorians fielded admirably all round. I never siuv less mistakes made, or cleaner picking up and good returns. The Sydney fielding was unequal, Hewitt, rairweather, Oatley, and Thompson did well, the others were only so-so; Kclliek in particular reminding me of some U.C.C. members, who shall be nameless, who, when they have to follow a ball, do so as if they weie^ going for an afternoons saunter instead of running. I he captainship 011 both sides was first-class, although 1 thought Allen should have been taken off a little earlier in the second innings. 1 never saw a at a cricket match to compare for a moment with the crowd assembled to witness this one, although 1 have no doubt there have been greater in times past. It was immensely amusing to listen to the remarks upon tlie^ game by those near me. They are tremuu ^ dou.-i partisans I would almost say bigotted partisans toi their side. Every little hit, even for a solitary iun, 110 matter how made, met with a round of applause, until I grew positively savage at them applauding for absolutely nothing at all. On Friday, wlieu Gregory and Sheridan were in, it was laughable f°-<i ,1U" ii ° ^I'tures of the crowd over the smallest ' . was a 'onS time before they scored, maiden after maiden following until I suppose ten or twelve o\ers had been bowled. 1 heard one elderly gentle-' man at this point say, in tones of the iutensest satis acuon, 1'n e runs and uo wicket down, capita!." I plead guilty to bursting out into a loud laugh at this extreme instance of thankfulness for v<?ry small mercies. J As I expect I have exhausted yourspace and patience, although I have several more notes, I will close by saying that, as a display of batting, this match seemed to me tar inferior to last year; in fact, Robertson's 53, ana -iNat. lhompson's 35, on the Melbourne ground, were worth the whole lot put together this time. In holding and bowling I think there was an improvement r> (i-°U • SiWC second innings displav. I hear Oaflyn intends to give up cricket, but whether this is true or not I don't positively know. 1 hope it is not 