THE HUNTER ELECTORATE. THE NOMINATION. Testerday at» hnetmge greeted beside the canrl-hcBse, WeU M atti» m3 the naaunaifir, of oindtriatct for tb» r«* pr« «Q'&tioa; vt f he Hunter io the new Fi.rlimu.aDb look place in th* presarse of to aMeroblane »hieb nnm>ioretl at the aloes of the pi-oeeidioff« »boot . tbonitand neiiene. At noon tfao Kstobsi9Q Oftickb, ThomiB Undia?, B»q came forward, and read I tfa« (Jovernor*« writ After» te» »«marka be called opin RDV »rrDilaman who dewed to do ao to proposa their candidate! t-oaw little ¿«layton* piBea hot at length Mr GsObo* ViHPlff arrived at the bann ga ami addre«" »ii (hi «eera bl j, «»id be h»d that morning re- ceived a message from Mr P«ter Gie»n, »king lum to ttte d at the Humiliation and lay that Mr Green lett oil i »red. in comeqaeajca ot tbe aectdaat that bad befallen b m to retire from the oontett for the present election that tie thanked tboie who bad promised bim their votei, for thoae pronmei, but th*t he abaoWed them from ob aervaore of them» and be hoped on lomo fo lore oootsion if hia hfs wai apared, to solicit their suffrage... (Cheera ) Mr Willum íucs olson, aen . nominated Mr. Alfred B irtjii Mr. Chakle« Hcqhm «eeonded the nomination. Mr Jakes Wolstishouu nominated Mr John Fitz ger*ld Bona The nomination vat seconded bj Mr. Bobkbt Soobi«. I Mr W H Mullí» nominated Mr. John Dillon The nomination waa seconded by Mr. Wm. M Fsst> Mr Bocoia came forward and addressed tbe meeting H* waa received with »oma tligbtobeenng He said be ooma before them in a saw poai non, (.ne which h a had nerer octrapied before, bat which be trusted he should not dil* grace He waa before them at a candidate for tbeir .oâVsgea to be elected, if they thought fit, aa their repmsnta ire ia the Parliament of tbe country (oheera). He waa aware that tbta waa a high and honorable position to aspire to, it wtt aaki&g; theos to oonter upon bim the greatest dis* tîootloD in their power, and be might be called pre .amptioaiforappeii-rngbsforetbem ("io, no } Before i he bad done addressing them be wonld prora conelnaively that it waa no presumption on his part to *eek that honor I at their bindi. (Chsere ) They b atted of living in a democrat io coontry. poa>eakiog free inititotiona and a Liberal Govercmeot, and m tbe faoe of that fact be wanted to know what présomption there wag to hu «ek- ing tbe offioe of representative-it wai an office to which the fanmbleit man in tbe coomanitv might »pire to. In Amenée tbey selected their Préndente from tulara and rail splitter's and abonld it be said that be. for ten yeara coaoeoled with the press of the colony, waa too ambition! (no no, so) He knew tbey wo aid a»y no, bat ioma people thoogbt different!v. Before be pro ceded any farther he »cold nuke allnsion to a matter of whirh while fae «poke about it be wai sure they would bear with bim He alluded to the meian ebolj aoaident fcbtt had happened to the fonrtb candidate (oheera) He regretted to say tLit a gentle- man who occupied io high a petition m the eommnnity bad met with so tenons a ealemity I' bad been at atad against bim (Mr Bogg») tad the stat em tot waa a beae, abominable, wicked, nay, a hellish he, that when he bad beard of tbe injury to Mr Oreen he bad expressed gladness (A voice Toa never did), any one wbo said be so expressed himself be wonld tell to hu face beweeaioosft unmitigated liar j be waa theronow, aud be waa glad of the opportunity of refuting tbe vile and sNnderons calomoy Aa aoon a« be heard of that melan- choly accident, be hal both ftilt and expressed the deepest regret, tbe moat heartfelt sorrow, bat what a Tile momter be wonld baye been if he ooold hare displayed any tra cotent feelings of hilarity npon inch a sad no carreña» tbey might jaitly h arl hin from tb*t platform. Bat ho was not that monster, be olaimed to ba actuated ey tbo«e eantimeats which dignify and refina and exalt banu i 7, ead declared solemnly in the langnage of Ho y Writ, that when be know of toa terrible eaLmity, * bis sod was filled witb bit tern eif, aod be was drunk with wormwood " (Gbeers ) How conld it be otherwue He hoped and trostad tb*. the accident wonld not have a fata) terrai cation, boc that Mr. Green wonld contiene to lire that Ttrtoooa and asa fal and noble lif« m which be »et an example to tbe eommnnity in which be lived (cheers), and be hoped too that if be (Mr Bogati») went in as their representative tie woold m«t Mr Oreen at the next election. restored to health, and a candidate for their aaffrages (boar, bear) iba doty tbey had to p-rform at an elec- tion was a great and important one, and be would read tbem, at a guide to their cboioe from Lord Biongham's work oo ' Const ltotional Government," the following short extraot [Mr Boggia bera read an extract from Lord Brougham, in which it waa laid down that men tent ioto Pttr lament abonld be men of education and ability, men who woold ba able to maintain tbe old laws m their purity, and to make new ones, such si should secure the good government of society ] Tfae>e were the injaoe tiomaf Lord Brougham, and he hoped in making their choice, that thej woold bear those words in mind, and it waa the more especiilly necessary to be oarefal, became of tbe views which home writers took of colonial Legislative AiiBtnbiiea. They should for this reaaoa, gnard well tbeir privileges and exercise their impartant rights with wisdom and discrimination, so aa to avoid the norn*! which disgraced the last Parlia- ment, and to seonru the faoaor and dignity of thecoantrv After quotii g from an article to, the rFssiminji«* Htvtew, opon the constitution of the Victorian Assembly, Vr Boggii proceeded to commend the provuiooe of tbe laws which gave candidate* an opiortonitr of meeting an aggregate assembly of tba eleotora face to face, and tuting their opmioaa, it waa wholesome and proper that their oandidatea abonld be there npon one common arena, and state their opinions m the hearing of each other. Mr. Barci wai at Bishop's Bridge the otber night, and found that he (Mr. Boggts) was tr-ere, he ran away, bat now he (Mr. Boggts) bad got him fixed (laughter and oheera) he had him betöre the tribunal of the people. He considered Mr Barna one of the greatest political traitors in the country (bear bear, oheera, and laogfater). He spoke only of bia conduct io the house, oot of his private character, he alluded only to Mr Burua aa a politician, not as a private gentleman, and be had the right to do ao Heaisamed thatbehadtberight, aod he would aunare tbem te woold exeroise the right pretty stiffly. He beld it necessary that a candidate abonld give fall reasons for comm g forward t and be would now give his reasons, he carne for- ward because ha thought be ooold represent ti) era better than their late member. (Voioes I So j on can, so do we ) He believed he cou d represent ! better, because of bil political honesty (chee-i) became 1 of bis sapTior ability as a speaker (cheers) and beetane | of hie independence and fearlessness of oheracter (cheers) Wheo Mr Barns addressed them in l63*, on the occasion of bia retara to the last Parliament without opposition, he bid told them hi would go in pledged not to support parties, bat lo Tot for measures bul had Mr Barna acted op to tbat pedge' (/»feral voce., No no) He h.d suppo ted p.ttles rather than measures and ne bad anpporled one of the «lest fictions tbat bad eter diagraoed the colony (cheers and oonfasion) Ha had acted jost oontrsrr to his promises, aid be had deserted tbe leadership of on. of tbe most liberal, enlightened, and foremost .tatemen ra tbe country. Ha went in to sup- port Mr Oowper's parts, but after adhering to it for a time, he left it, and baa ainoa giren bia undivided, bis unprincipled, aod bia unscrupulous support to the Martin Parkes party He, a professed liberal, had gone over te the only Tory ia th. colony. Mr Barns might call this consiUutioaal, and his Meada might deaiguate it consistent but if it were so Hearens.ro the mark . What had the party done to which Mr Bums had giren his adhesión t Tbey had passed the Treason Felony Act a blot on any ststote book. (Voices Bo it li. Another Toice Ko no J Sime one saul no, no that gentleman differed from tie Duke of Buckingham, and difiered from the Queen of England, who wonld not gire the act beraancticu bot sent it bick again to Mr Parkes (Lond cheeta) H. did not mention tbo act te obtain a passing cheer or to emu their psssione, bat beosnse when sir Burns bad goae some time ago toLoohiavtr to give what be called an account of bia atewardshlp, he had promised to aid w repealing tb. Traasoo Felony Aot But when Mr Dnrer proposed tbat it abould be repealed, tbey wonld remember that Mr Barns waa again faithless to the promise he had made, aod Toted onoe more for this most obnoxtons act Mr Barns bsd also promised to assist a scheme of retrenchment, hut when one was proposed by the Bobertaon Goiernment, which woold bare resulted io a Baring to the coontry of £80,000 on police expenditure alone (a direction in which Mr Burna had admitted . saving waa possible) be joined with Martin and Parbee to defeat it At this speech at Lochinvar, Mr Burns had said he had deserted Mr Cowper, became the latter waa biginmng to think be ra the only maa thateonld govern tbeconotry, the other night at Brammo, Mr Barns bad and It was tooanse the Cowper Gorerumant hid swamped the Upper Boose to pass the Land Bill, and it was thus difficult toeomprebeod what washistruereason lnhis(Hr Boggle') opinion Mr Burna bad deserted the Cowper party because be thought the Martin and Parkes Government wonld have a pretty long Jease of power (.beera coofnuon and laughter A voice Be wanted a billet) No, he (Mr Bogg«) would not say that He wontd not impute any motives Mo one could ssy that Mr Burns was not a faithful follower of his psrty (langhttr) Sinne that time be had dong to tbem with the greatest tenacity (cheers and laughter) He bad voted with them and talked for them against time and often against sense (lauahter) he deserved credit for being a faithful follower Bat they should no longer hare confidence in Mr Burns, and they wonld acree with bim io saying so wheo he eoomerated some of the measurea earned or proposed by the administration Mr Burna had so persistently sopported There waa the Workboase bill, by which if a man got drunk three times io fife yeera be coola be imprisoned for life, at the pleasure of the Colonial Secretary lbal was a dangerous power to place in the hands of any man, and the parliament, the present'parliament, hsd nnaninonaly repealed it There wss the propotsl of the Martin Government to borrow three millions to carry on the Sonthern railways, at the expense snd to the neglect of the Northern ones, and there was the arrange ment made by the heaven-boon treasurer, tbe Colonial Gladstone, Mr Bagar, to pay Kobo * Co half a million interest Ibe*e were the proposals nf the party to which Mr Büros had been a atanneh adherent. There was the Municipal Act, in which the late radical, bat present con« servative-that clampton of the people-Mr Henry Parker, had introduced m oíanse which gave the poor man only one vote and the neb man four. The conduct of the Martin Government« Dnnean'acasebad been condemned bj the newspapers throughout the colony, an old aer rant who bad grown gray to the service of the people, a man with a large family, had been summarily dismissed, because he had written a note to " Betsy " Eagar (tangh ter), there waa th6'*KjamaUhost,,aff»ir(langhter) but of that ha wonld lay little u Mr Parkes himself wai ashiimei) of the fnsi be l»»i mad« of the matter, and there waa the appointment of Mr Docker, whioh it wai mora important lo notice because bia appointment in- volved a great principal of oonatitntional Government Mr Docker waa a nominee, a memherof the Upper House, Mr Parke* reaigoed in eonseqaeooe of the * ghost 'bon» ness, and Mr Docker waselevetedjto the high, important, and honorable position of Colonial Secretary. Tbey wonld tote against a man who supported the party by whom tbia iniquitous act wai performed There waa the cab biro busmen, and that attempt to gag their rapreisntativai made by Sir James Martin, and, finally, the couooot of the Opposition, tbe party supported by Mr Horns, who for night after night, week after week, bad spoken against time, obstructed the poblio business at a cost to the country every night the Aaeembly sat of ¿3CO they pnrented tbe Robertson Government from developing lti policy, and denied it the ja.tiee to whieb it waa entitled it was dangerous for tbem to vote for » man who had shared io that obstruction. Mr Burns had made abtut eighteen speeches in ena week (laughter)- became the «ample mi^ht ba taken, and the »ama course followed m a new boosa He might be told tost Mr. Robertaon bad anted as badly, but Mr Boberteon s osurao waiora e&itmloual;, that of the late opposition wai not. Mr. Boras bad said ha disapproved of toa present truckling jfQTernpent, end of tai wey it wai cOTstrwUd, bnt it was constructed on strictly constitutional pmoiples. Mr. Robertson badehostn bit Minutry from tbe liberal party, and from his own side of the boose I Ho (Mr. Bodgie) appUnJed the Fobertson bo varsment for tbeir conduct io the Hassall and hodel business, and he thought it eLnurj not be fur gottbQ that to the Cowper-UutieHsjn )<*r>\ the country owed the Klectora) Act and ti.*» Kre.-* selection Act. Mr. Boggis proceeded to a aie hie politic»! «ie»»a. He was in favor of triennial parliaments, ae tending to ri-store representative auemblie» to someibing more like the » ocien t English ones, which were annual and because it wai good, md right and proper that the representatives of the pf opie should come Before their constituents once in three «cara He wa* opposed to tba postage on newspapers, beoaunw the rendents had no medmtn except the newspaper by winch tbey oonld learn what want on in the world. He waa in favour of rai.»ay extension, but not at the cost of £17,000 per mile: let i be existing lines be completed to Murrurundi and to Bathurst, and let lhere be traoiways laid doan. He ttougbt the Upper Hon*.e ahnnld be elective. Ho would always endeavour to promote the most tboroogh freedom of consoieooe and the most oom pie e relig ans equality lhere ned been a religious cry introduced into the «lection bnt Mr Parkes ano not Mr Rob rt sou waa responsible font He waa opposed to the Stamp act, aa an nnwlsa and nn neceésary 0**1 ore, and woold vote for its repeal, ha was in favour ot the immigration of small capitalista from Bn g1 and bootlaod, and Ireland ard of a red notion io tha upset price of land from SO* to ina per acre He though» an appraisement of squatters' rons on more judicious principles would emnre a greater revenue, he would support tbe eight-hour sys- tem, and a permissive bill, and woold endeavour to sol» port oolonul industries by the offer of a Government bonni to manufacturers. Ha considered the Public School! Aot. could be improved, ai far aa Hi m ministration waa concerned and thought Mr. Parkes should no longer have a seat to the Oouocil of Education, if impartiality in the administration of the Act were desired He also thought the salaries of teachers should be raised Be tboogbt retrenchment could be effected in the public service by catting down the exorbitant »alanés and would vote for ti e abolition of the ad valorem dotie«, if be oonld see his way clear to tío without tbo revet ne they yielded, be was in favor of a National Bank, and a system of provisional Govern ment. He promised in rr»»;ard to local »flatter* to do the best be ooold for them and admitted that tbeir late member had not been at all remiss in this particular He alluded to bia personal post ion and means, referred briefly to Mr. Dillon sa being unfit for thoir representa- tive, bflcauie he was a lawyer, and became be waa too ronug to have formai any opinions, and exhorted the eleotori to discriminate wisely and-to send the best man of the two (himself or Mr Dillon) in. io reply to questtom, Mr Boas» said he had not offered toresignfor£.iO [bubiequentlj it waa explained that as Mr Dillon and Mr Bogala were both going to sit the same side of tbe House, if elected tbe frieoda of the former had aoggested tbe withdrawal of Mr Boggis, and had intimated the justice of offering to refund tbe expensas of his candidature j He promised to give no divided attention to his daliel He was opposed to pay ment of members Mr Boggis spoke for nearly three I bonn He retired with cheers. Mr Bunna waa greeted with applause Ha had had some donbt that morning in what way be wa» to address the electors of the Hnnter. became be bad ao frequently given public expulsion to his political opinions tbat he felt it wai only in regard to bia past career that he was ever called noon to speak at any length npon pnblio »ifsi re Bnt tbe speech of Mr. Boggia ren- dered it necessary to say something about those with whom he had acted, and on his past conduct, although be did not intend to make a longapetcb, for he felt that nothiog ha could «ay would make tbe leaat difference to the result of the election, they had all made up tbeir minds and nt-itber long speeches from himself, nor misrepresentations from others would affect his position on the poll Mr. Bodgie lad charged him with being a traitor. lo whom waa he a traitor ! Who did ho pledge hi ma« If to support Î He had told tie electora when tbey returned him that be would go in unpledged to my party, that be would vote for every measure npon ita merita (a Teioei But did you do it I1 laughter) He did not come there to satisfy some people, he was there to try to remove some of the prejucices that bat been excited agaiost him by ipeeehes such aa that of Mr. Boggts (A voice We knew it all before be told n«) Mr Boggis h*d told them at great length of what had been done by Meurs Parket and »artin Mr Boggis' whole capital waa abuse of these gentlemen Wall, Mr. Boggia was entitled to bis opinion, hut he (Mr Borns) would rather follow the lesd of Mr Parkes than that of Mr Robertson or Mr. Cowper (oonfnsion) It had been said by Mr Boggia and others that Mr Patkes'a election tor East Sydney waa doe to tbe Orangemen, but there were not enough Orangemen in Sydney to do it. Mr Parkea owed his election to the number of useful messares, including the fresion-Fetany Act, which the Administration with which he waa con rested was the mean s of passingiotolaw Mr Parkes had been accused of exciting tbB feelings of one denomination against another by tbe course be took m regard to tbe education bill hut those feelings would not have been so violent if the case of Father Dillon hnd not been misre- presented by Mr J( ober Ison, io as to txoite in the minds of tbe Catholic people of tbe colony a belief that Mr Parkes waa tbeir personal enemy The éducation bill was the wisest measnre ever passed io this colony and with regard to this useful measnrr, many candi datea were boldtog out hopea that the Coun- cil of Kdocation should be Ulled with men who would mike the Aot more favorable to deoomioationalism io its administration, bat as far ai he (Mr. Burns) was concerned, be would be no party toaoy step by whian the bill would be made more denominational He wonld on the oontr.ry vote for iti being made more entirely secular, and for its being placad in charge of a minister (some interruption here took place) Jt had been repre acatad that be had promiied when going into the boase the last time, that be waa going in to support the Cowper Government, and he wtebed to offer a brief explanation with regard to the matter He acknowledged tbat, hav- ing regard to tbe many measures carried by Meurs Cow per and Robertson, faefeltdisposedtasupportthatOovern ment in many of tbeir proceedings, but be was not by any means inclined to*go lu aa a tbiok and thin supporter of that party. The Land Act waa then before tbe booie but that measure would never bare been passed at all, ao far as Mr Robertson was concerned , it was Mr Robert- son's desire to basten ita pauage, bnt ba merely wished to make it the moans of exciting the pnblio mind, and ensuring his retention of office He (Mr Boms) found this ont, and convened a meeting of the members in Sydney, of which Dr * itson was ebatrm«ri and he was aeoretary and twenty six members carne to a pledge tbat if the Government did not pass tbe Land Act they wonld join together to pot tbem out of office. Tbat was tbe onief reaion why the I and Act was passed that semoo, for when tha Government found that this large body of members including some of their own supporters, bad made this pledge, they saw they would have to retire from office or pus the Aot. Ha had given the Cow per-Robertson party » general support, butha never felt bound to follow Mr Cowper on all occasions, and aa time past he felt that these gentlemen, instead of serving the country, wera serv- ing themselves tbat Mr. Cowper, who had been returned on the cry of free- selection, wai gradu- ally becoming persuaded that no second party io the home ooold be formed to carry on the business of the country-that his was the inevitable Ministry He felt that jobbery and corruption wera largely prevalent, and thought it bli doty to take a more independent coarse. Io ooaree of time he found himself on the Opposition benches On private groando he bad a regard for both Mr Cowper and Mr. Robertson, but politically he could no sea moob io them to induce bim to continue to give tbem support. It hld been charged agaiost Mr. Parkes tbat he had tried loietolsis against dus. ("So he has") He denied it, bnt the charge had been made, and it was only fair that one that had been a member of the House, and who bad watched the movements of publia men and tha inner life of politics, should be heard in defence One of tba reasons why he wonld not support Mr. Robertson wai beiaose he had always acted towards one des* as if he wai ita champion He (Mr. Burns) wai not disposed to enquire what a man's creed or country wai bat when be saw Mr. Robertson espousing measures solely for the purpose of exciting class feelings, he could only regard him as an enemy to the country Mr. Burns explained the Dillon case In detail, and told his hearers that Mr RobertsoB'soondnotineoflneotionwithitwunotthat I of a mau who waa sensible of an injury done to Father Dillon, but the procedure of one who gladly laid hold of i a wespon wbiob would excite a particular denomination | s gainst the Martm-Parkea Ministry. Be further pointed ont that Mr Robertson had now been in office eigfateen I months, that whan he took office, and till tha breaking np ' of tbe Oookatoo Island establishment, the post of Catholic Chaplain was vscant, and that Father Dillon still resided at Balmain, yet he waa not re- appointed He also espía ned tbat he had refused to pair off when the vote of the Hanse was taken upas the Dillon matter, but remained to record bis vote for the Government. The question of the election was whether the Robertson Government was entitled to re- ceive pnblio confidence, and it waa a great pity that in many cases the electora should vote for seo Unan reasons and noon sectarian grounds. Mr Barns proceeded to review the scheme of re- trenchment proposed by the Boberteon Govern- ment, and defended the con duct of the Opposition in the last session upon the ground tbat the measures promised in the Governor's speech were never intended to be submitted to the house, and that the whole thing was a shara and a delusion He said that while m reduottOB in the Governor*! and others salaries vu proposed, the Bstunatea for the year 1870, in the Colonial Secretary's department aa an instance, exceeded those of the previous year by £110, io that It was evident tha Government were oot sincere in their lotention to reduce the expenditure of tha ooostry. Be referred to the manner in which the ad valorem duties had been passed fal * emu in which the country wai threatened with insolvency, sketched the trade license scheme of Mr. Samuel, ex- pressed hu dissatisfaction with au income or property tax, and asked bow, if the ad valorem duties, and the revenues under the Stamp Act, were relinquished, the defioteney, amaaatm¿ to £240,000, wonld be made up He enterad folly into the Hau all. Rodd affair, and to CnmmiJga* arbitration case, censoring the conduct of the Government id connection therewith, and promised in the future ai heretofore to attend faithfully to all local mattera that might be brought before bun, he trusted therefore that they would re- elect him for the third time (cheers) In reply to a question Mr Boin pointed out the de- sirability of ensuring lorne action on the part of the house so as to induce the Government to take op the subject of flood-prevention Mr. Dulo* wes received with oheera. He had intended (he said) to hare given them a full exposition of his views oo all mattera of pnblio interest that wera likely to oeeopy the next Parliament, but he was sure they must be tired by listening to the long and able ipeeehes of those who had preceded him, and ai ho had been among tbem holding meetings he would not keep them long Most of them knew his optniona already, io he would not long detain them. Bot before going torthar, he would express hu »moer» regret, and avery ona there wonld sympathise with him, at the calamity tbat had befallen oae who bad been a candi- date, bot who by that calamity had bien pre vented from coming forward. Kvery elector io the district wonld join with him (Mr Dillon) m regretting deeply the accident to Mr. Green that had prevented that gentleman from coming forward (hear, hear) lhere had been an endeavour made in the district to raise a religions crv. bnt thev faed eil too much intelligence, too ronjsb experience of mankind to be affected by such attempts, whieb had thajr origin in party motives, and which aimed at exciting tba wont feelings of human nature. He denied that in going into the Assembly he wai going as the representative of any seotj in hil candidatojra ha had do connection with any clergyman or any relhnooi denomination («beers), MfUo ffttaajd ftttfeUf iws/ttM «fill. They would understand the meaning of the cry, and why it wa* uttered (cheers). He had no snob narrow-minded views in seeking election at their hands; hu education and his training bad in* duoed him lu be liberal-minded, and to regard no differ ei ces of ore*d (cheer*). He bad never tpotion an unkind word of any person who differed from himself in religious opinions, aiid he truste* tbe elec ora woold not be gotled by the miserable ory that bad be«in raised for tbe purpose of getting tbeir votes If be waa eïeoted he would support the Robertson ministry, and wquld resist to the utmost the faction which, under Mr. Parkes, sought to »ow diseentioo m tbe land, and to introduce into this I colony thoie differences which bed injured the horne country, and bad rent and lorn aaonder the society there Mr Dillon defended himself from Mr Boggis's charge of unfitoess for * repte sentatire on iba ground ot hu profession, by pointing to Pal ley Plunkett, Riotiard Windayer, Went- worth, and Nicholls, ai men who bad aaorned their profs*, sion and tbeir manhood, and denied that he waa too yonng to bare formed political opinions Ho would support the Pibliobohools dot, but woold have it either more dis- tinctly denominational), or entirely seoular be desired to see colonial industrie a fostered, and mote especially woold desire encouragement (.»van to the general culture of the vine He reiterated bia determination todo battle for religious equality aud freedom of oonsoienoe and to re* list Parkes and Martin and their party and called open ..hem to support bim as one boro io the district, to whom all their wsnti were known, and whose interest ley amoogstthem Mr Dillon retired amidst much cheering. the «how of banda waa in favour of Mr Dillon. Mr BtiEM demanded a poll. A rote of thank« to the Returning Officer and three cheers for the Hoc John Robertson, closed the proceed- ings. 