MRS. HUBBAWS THREE WARNINGS. (fbom toe argosy.) It was in the days .of our grandmothers, when there were brick ovens in the laid, that Mr Hubbard bought bis house ; and bought it very much against his wife's will. It was a lonely house, and reported to be haunted. It' was next to a graveyard, wmen tnougn unusea was not coeenui, anu which had likewise 'the reputation of a ghost However, Mr Hubbard -did not believe in ghosts, end was too 'cheerful to be depressed by warnings, and never in-. tenaeo. h- uo iuiu»j-. 'Mrs. Hubbard,' he isaid, when his wife shook her head over the purchrse, ' I got it cheap, and it is a good One. You will like it when you get there. If you don't, why then talk.' So the house was bought, and into it the Hubbard family went There was scarcely a chance for ghost to show bis face amid such a family of boys and girls. Mr. and Mrs. Hubbard -counted ten of them, all' noisy Ones. Having once expostulated and spoken out her miud as to the house, Mrs. Hub bard gave up the point She scrubbed and scoured, tacked down carpets and put up curtains, and owned that tbe place was pretty. As not a ghost appeared for a week, she made up her mind that there were no such inhabitants ; she even began not to mind the tombstones. So the 'house got to rights at last and baking day oame about iii the press of business, they had a good deal of baker's bread, and were now tired of it Mm ffiiKhard never enioved settinff a batch of bread to rise as she did that which was to be eaten for the first time in the new house. ' For I cannot get up an appetite for stuff that nobody knows who has had the making of,' said Mrs. Hubbard, ' and all puffy and alumy besides.' So into the oven went IV bread, and out it came at the proper time, even am brown and beautiful as loaves could be, Mr?. Hubbard tuii;.J them up on their sides as she drew them forth, aud they stood iu the loi,^ broad-tray, glorious proofs of her skill mid the excellence of the oven, when Toiinny Hubbard bounded in. Tommy was four : and when at that age, we are prone to believe that anything will bear our weight. Tommy, therefore, anx- 1 ious ;o inspect the newly -made bread, j swun.,' himself off his feet by clutching the edge of the bread-tray, and over it came, loaves aud Tommy and alL Mrs. Hubbard flew to the rescue and picked up the loaves. All were dusted and put in the tray again but one. That lay with its bottom upwards under the table. 'A bothering child, to give me so much trouble !' she said, as she crawled under the table to get it 'A — 0 — ah — dear, dear, dear, — oh — O my ? ' And there on the floor sat Mrs. Hubbard, screaming, wringing her hands and shaking her head. The children screamed in con cert. Mr. Hubbard rushed in from the garden where he was at work. ' What's the matter, mother 1 ' he gasped. Mrs. Hubbard pointed to the bottom of the loaf lying in her lap. ' Look there and see ! ' she said. ' It is a warning William ; I am going to be taken from them all' And he looked ; and he saw a death's head and cross- bones, as plainly engraved as they possibly could be. 'It is accident,' said Mr. Hubbard. ' Such queer cranks do come, you know.' But Mr. Hubbard was in a troubled state of mind, as was but naturaL 'The stories about the haunteA house were true,' she said j ' and the spirits have marked the loaf. I am afraid it is a warning.' And the loaf was put aside, for even Mr. Hubbard did not bear to eat any of Mrs. Hnbbard got over her fright at last, but the news of the awfully marked loaf spread through E ? , and the people came to Hubbard's all week to look at it It was a death's-head and cross-bones cer tainly; everyone saw that at a glance, but as to its meaning people differed. Some believed that it was a warning of approach ing death ; some thought that the spirits wanted to frighten the Hubbards away, and get possession of 'the house again, all to themselves. This latter ^supposition in spired Mrs. Hubbard with -courage ; finally being a brave woman, she adopted the be lief, and when another baking day arrived, put her loaves into the oven once more, prepared for crosa-benes, and- not to be frightened bythetn. Tteioaves were baked as before. They came *-ot brown and crusty as Mrs. Hubbard turned each in her hands. There were no cross-bones visible, but on the last were sundry characters or letters. What, no one could tell, until there dropped iu for a chat a certain printer of the neigh bourhood, acsustomed to' read things back ward. ' By George,' Baift be, 'that is curious. That ie carious — r-e-s- u-r-g-a-m, resurgam ; that is what is on the leaf — resurgam.' ' It is what they put on tombs, isn't it V asked poor Mrs. Hubbaxd, faintly. 'WelL yes,' said Mr. Hubbard, being obliged to admit it But it is not so bad as croas- bones and skulls.' Mrs. Hubbard shook her head. ' It's even solemner,' said the little woman who was eot -as Kood a linenist as bread maker. 'I feel confident, William, that I'shall soon be resurgamed, and what will these dear children do&ent;' And now that ,the second loaf was be fore her eyes, marked even more awfully than the first, Mrs. Hubbard grew really pale and thin, and lost bet cheerful ness. 'I have a presentiment,'! aha said, over and over again, 'that the third baking will decide who the warning belongs to. I be lieve it is meant for me and time will show. Don't you see how thin I ma. growing V And though Mr. Hnbfiarcl laughed, he also began to be trorfblfed. !Thb third baking day was one«f' gloom. ? Solemnly as at a funeral, the fffimJly asiisted iin the drawing. ? . l- ? . Five loaves came out markless $ but one remained. : . ? ? ?? ... Mrs. HubbM's 'Jiaua 'trembled ; but r)ia drAW it forth : aHa Injii if: t\n jt&itt; 4ra.v ? it she turned softly about. At last she ex posed the lower surface. On it were let ters' printed backward, plain ' enough to read this time, and arranged thus : — ' Died April 2n3, lamented by her large family.' 'It is me,' cried Mrs. Hubbard. *'I am to go to-morrow. This is the 1st I do feel faint Yes, I do. It is awfuL and so sudden.' The children screamed, the oat mewed, the dog barked. The oldest boy ran for the doctor. People flocked to -the Hub bards. The loaf was examined. Yes, there was Mrs Hubbard's warning — her call to quit tbis world. She lay in bed, bidding good-bye to her family and friends, her strength going fast She read her Bible, and tried not to grieve too much. The doctor shook his head. The clergyman prayed with her. Nobody doubted that her end was at hand, for people were very superstitious iu those days. They had been up all night with good ilrs. Hubbard, and dawn was breaking, and with it she was sure that she must go ; when, clattering over the road and up to the door camea.horse,and on the horse came a man, who alighted. He rattled the knocker and rushed in. There was no stopping him. Up the Btairhe went to Mrs. Hubbard's room, and bolted into it Every one stared at him, as he took off his hat 'Parding,' said he, breathlessly, 'I heard Mrs. Hubbard was a dying — and she'd warnings on her bakings. I came over to explain. You see I was sexton of the church here a few years ago, and I know all about it Yon needn t die of fear just yet, Mrs. Hubbard, for it is neither spirits nor devils about ; nor yet warning. What marks the loaves is old Mrs. Finkle'e tombstone. I took it for an oven-bottom, HyW-Ufc iiu*.!*.- t*x**x- uu out hi vridj ouu uiiVliO were dear. The last folks before you didn't get them printed off on their loaves, because they used tins ; and we got used to the marks ourselves. Cross-bones and skulls ] we pat up with, and never thought of caring for the resurgaiu. So you see how it is, and I am sorry you have been scared.' Nobody said a word. The minister shut his book. The doctor walked to the win dow. There was a deadly silence. Mrs, Hubbard sat up in bed. ' William !' said she to her husband, ' the first thing you do, get a new bottom to that oven.' And the tone assured the assemblage of anxious friends that Mrs. Hnbbard was not going to die just yet Indeed she came down the very next day. And when the oven had been recon structed, the first thing she did was to give invitations for a large tea-drinking. On which occasion the loaves came out right 