, _T$EP-OPER If-OF- lilTOAWSxM-j <;.'< ; '; '- /OB;. ' " ; : ixiiMitf isii ''in' tRe church of England. ; . (By Join Search.') f-'i ?«> < : No. XtVi v - : " . ' " ' TQE reader is no doubt, aware tbaCduring the publication of ; our papers, 'on -Bitual: iftn; certain' replies1 have" been attempted; .Which have appeared also in the columns At! \ia Standard.' This is what we desire, for - we regard free discussion its tbe birtb-rigbt of all true Frbtestaiits/ Wid'as a 'privilege, conferred " upon -vuiby, jEptestantiB.m. Wehave said again and again if we state anything -contrary to fact, let ;soise One point it out and we will retwlct it. The reader may not" know, liowever, that notwithstanding this'." fair field and no favour," a number of attempts have 'been made to silence, if not to con fute' uS, by shutting the columns of this journal against us ; — The proprietors hav- ugbeen threatened with the. loss ofadver- iisements, subscriptions, and patronage tihlss our papers were excluded. . This has been done by. professed Protestants . whb hate Popery and who are , willing -enough to have it errors exposed, but who cannot tolerate even the truth, when &at; truth appears to reflect unfavourably uponiAetV system. If anything more was inquired .to prove the existence of Popery, in the doctrines) : practice, and spirit; of the Church of England, than what we Ifave produced , those persons have supplied at; and have thus completed the evidence. Our principle business will be with cer tain. articles, under various headings, alb (pairing the signature of " S." The said utticles are either professed -replies to our «wh» or are intended in a less direct way to break the force of our evidence. These articles are exceedingly diffuse and ram bling, containing many statements which are rash,, injudicious, and in some cases wholly unwarranted. The quotationsin many instances are uureliuble, having been garbled, and hashed up in a way any thing but honourable. The temper is not so good as we could have wished; the writer sneers, when he ought to have reasoned ; calls : hard names instead of producing hard arguments ; and has evidently enter ed upon the discussion in the spirit of a partizan, resolved at all hazards to uphold the honour of his church. He bits out all round, and has done his own cause a great deal more haim- than good. We Mel no small degree of sympathy for him> nevertheless. Ho has been taught to believe that the Church of England is everything its partizans have assumed in its name — " the. bulwark of Protest antism," &c.;, &c.;, and has .grown up in the belief; so common among Churchmen, that Dissenters are a set of cantankerous ignoramuses, who have neither Scripture, History, nor even reason on their side, but who dispute from the mere love of con tention, and dissent from the Church, of England out of mere wilfulness ; without being able to say a word in favour of their nonconformity. And now some one has been found . rash and sacriligious -«inough publicly to declare that the Churoh of England is the result of a com promise, aud that while her standards, her liturgy, and her ceremonies contain many things which are true and unobjection able, as viewed from a strictly soriptural standpoint, they also contain Popish errors, as well as pompous unauthorised forms, whose only tendency is to lead away the mind from the simplicity of the Gospel of Christ. When ho is told this, Jhis astonishment, as well as liis indigna tion, exceeds all bounds, and believing the Church in danger". ho rushes to the rescue, and lays about him with a zeal and rigour we are compelled to admiro. There is much in our friend's articles altogether away from the subject. ' He starts objec tions not to he found in our papers, and he fights . with them through long " windy " paragraphs, losing sight of what we have stated and thus leaving our great points untouched. That he has overthrown one of our positions, few, we believe, who have read both sides, will allow. ! Our friend appears to us to have mis- tnuderatood the entire drift of our papers, anN has (in consequence beenfighting with shadows. We have quoted the Liturgy, Articles; Ganons, Rubrics, and Homilies ef thi" Churoh of England ; her Arch bishops, Bishops, Dignitaries, Professors, Divines, 'Wl authorised Teachers, for the purpose of showing that Baptismal Re generation, ' "Confession, Confirmation and fitoramental Grace, Absolution, , the Real Presence iir the Euobarist,. - &c.;, arc- doo triima.ofili(LnKh tChnrcih We .: haye"". 8»id() tht/Ithe ;? .passages we have.proiuced -from er,, Standm5ls, teach these ;doctrineg,"iq, , wqrds. tKq real meaning, of which cannot : honestly, lie ex plained aWay, and '"that the .. fyshops , and; Divines we have quoted jo. .understood them.. We hayo advanced ,nb;ppinion.fof qur.own; we have. made no statement with-, outsat1 the samo time producing., our .au-.. thority, and it-so appears to us that the oqly way.in which out/papers' can be. met ..and; confuted; is this I— either show- that... we have misquoted the . Standards and autho rized- teachers .of thechuroh, .or-else-. that. . tKeir words will not 'hear' the.construction we have put, upon them. Unless one - or the other. of these can be done, we main-,- tain that bin position is imprcgnahle, and our arguments and inferences cannot -be answered. This has not' been done, .and we say fearlessly that it cannot be. done. Should any one thinkjdifferently, we invite him to try. '. ; i As our friend. "S." has not done this, let us see what ho has done. He tells us in one of his articles that-r-" be is not going to' enter minutely into an examination of; all the rubbish which may be' raked up together and; disinterred in an enquiry of this kind." 'How then does he dispose of .all the evidence we have produced ? Why he protests against the Church :of "Eng land being judged' by the writings of her; Bishops, &c.;, and really sets up his:own in dividual authority, againstLiturgy, Canons, Rubrics, Articles, Homilies, Bishops, Dignitaries, Doctors, Professors,' and hundredsofauthorisedMinisters and, Teach ers, and cooly tells us that the Church ofEng- landcannot bejudged by what these .-ay, but by what he,, an unauthorised solitary indi vidual says ! :This method maybe very satis factory to .our friend; if it should he so," we can Only say that hut very . few .others will share in the satisfaction.; - " S." is evidently very .angry acid in his anger calls hard names, for instance lie describes Dr. Pusey, and, in fact, all Ritua lists, as " Jesuits who eat the head of the. Church, but like Judas - betray her."— He speaks of the writer of this article as —" a man who can ap far stoop to associate with traitors" — "as the -accuser of the brethren of what wehave written and quoted as -childish frivolities introduced to degrade the Church - He charges us with moral dishonesty, for. leaving out a passage relating to the use of the Apocrypha — a passage which we had pub lished in full! In reference to one of our quotations from the Homily on Alms- Deeds, he says.— " We have - had to deal with wily laioyers, they have quoted part of an act to mislead us, but on our demanding the booh and reading the whole act, our faith has been destroyed in them," and this, after he has given a garbled ex tract from our quotation, and an equally garbled extract from the remaining por tion of the Homily in which he misrepresents its meaning on the very point for which we were contending, viz; — that the spurious and lying writing of the Apocrypha are quoted by the Homilies as Holy Scripture ! — But we pledge ourselves to produce evidence of this in a future paper, the reader is desired to refer to our paper No. X., and to read from— "He (Christ) tcacheth them, &c.;, to the end of the paragraph. Then to refer to tho Standard of November 27th, to the communication signed "S.,'1 to read from the word " Cyprin, &c.;, and to compare both with the Homily ; then he, will be able to say who most resembles the wily lawyer. In S.'s article, published Nov. 20th, he give3 the following most ridiculous passage as a quotation from us : — " But. oh," says the accuser of the brethren, " wo have it as our selections shown in a'Qalnndar of the English Church, in which there are 113 institutions recorded." We defy. " 8." to find this or any thing like it' in any article we have written. But' what is most curious of all, in an article iu which several of the above hard names occur, he says as follows: — " "Wc don't intend to recriminate, for although reviled we follow a higher example, not to revile again, nor have we any wish to scatter strife broadcast amongst the brethren." " S." in his article published November 13th, misquotes Hume in reference, to the . authorship of the - atrocious Act of Uniformity, but in due time we shall give the passages io full that our readers may judge, for themselves. "We regret exceed-, ingly to have, to write in this , style, but as we have been charged with' a want of moral honesty, necessity is laid upon us,; and the. duty must be performed although at the expense of our feelings. -Jo4heMdart-8eptei»ber-4th,''S,'-' tells.ua.ithrrr?' without entering into, the subject of : InfontBaptism, it -isrolear : that Dr., Marsh -7-(we: presume rljr; Hi Marsh, Bishop of Peterhwough)— and all jof the. same school, do . not -believe , or- sanction ' Baptismaliregeneratdon ia Baptisqi''' We give :the following : Lepfaries iOn: Criticism and Interpretation ofthfi. Bible, dec., by .Herbert Marsh,. D. Di,&c.;, page 383, and 38f ( :- : Our twenty-seventh Article: declares, that 'Baptismianpt only a sign of profession, and mark' of difference, whereby Christian m on are distinguished from others, "that are not chiVis-1 toned.but it is also a sign .of regeneration: or nowbirth, whereby." asbyan instrnn\ent, .they that receive Raptism rightly, are grafted into tlie' Church, the promises iAf forgiveness of sin, atid of our ndoptittn to -be the 'sons of Qod by tho Holy Ghost, .'are visibly, signed.-ond sealed.' InthoiSeveral services for .Baptism, as also. in thc servico for Confirmation. Begepcration is represented as an essential part ofBap'tism. ' It is the inward grace of that,- of which u water is the outward sign. - Nothing can be clearer on this subject ::tnan.our. Catechism; .which ex pressly .declares, that whereas tho outward visible sign in Baptism' is" ' Water "wherein "tho person is baptized,', so' tho inward spiritual grace, is 1 a death 'unto sin, and a new birth unto righteousness/ .. If then ;we.. detach: re-' generation, from baptism, wo not only, fall into the absurdity .of making the outward act a visible sign of nothing to le signified, bht wo destroy tho Sacrament of -Baptism as a Sacra ment, altogether, It m essential- to a Sacra-, ment thgt. the outward act be accompanied with an inward grace. . If Baptism "therefore, sis stmie pretend, is riothing more, than 'anout- ward '.work of man -upon the body/ -it is a per fect; mockery Of religion to. retain it as a cere-, mony in our Church : for if such only be Bap tism, it has no more to do with the concerns of religion than tlie common ablutions of domestic life., ; -But'strango as this doctrine may appear, jt is yet more, strange, that men" should detach Regeneration from Baptism, and still pretend to he Churchmen ' There is n'o possible artifice, by which ;tl»6 words of our baptismal services can be distorted from their real meaning; 1 In tho words of our Public Baptism of Infants, .the Priest thus .addresses tho congregation, im mediately after the baptism is completed : Seeing now, dearly beloved 'breth. en, that this child?.? by baptism regenerate, and grafted into the body of Christ's Church, &c;/ And the thanksgiving, which immediately fol'ows, begins thus, ' We yield thee heai ty . thanks, most merciful Father, that it hath pleased thee to regenerate this infant' with "thy Holy- Spirit' Unless therefore tho expression ' it hath pleased God to regenerate ' is synonymous with the . expression ' it shall please God to regenerate/ unless tho past is the .same with the future, it is impossible to deny,- that they, who . wilfully and deliberately, detach regeneration from bapti-m, impugn essentially the doctrine of our established Church, inasmuch as they impugn it in one of our Holy Sacraments. The italics in. the : above passages are ithe ajuthpr's, and the, meaning is so clear and unurstalcable " t hnfc we camiot avoid it. Here> then, we have the testimony of" a Bishop of the English Church, and that Bisliop one of the most learned men of his age, that Baptismal Regeneration is not merely the doctrine of the Churoh, but- that there is no possible artifice by. which the words of the baptismal services can be distorted," and made to mean any thing else. This will show our Friend " S" that he is engaged in a very hopeless task, in- as-much as facts are all against him. While on this subject, we shall give one or two short quotations, and an additional reference or two, so as to set the question of Baptismal Regeneration as a doctrine of the-Cliuroh of England, at rest. The following are from The Booh of Common Prayer, <&c.;, by Bishop Mant, Vol. 1. 550-7. : — But this is not all. For, thirdly, our corrupt nature is changed in baptism, and thcro is a renovation effected thereby, both as to the mortification of the old affections, and the quickening of the new, by the Holy bpirit, which is hereby given to all that put no bar or impediment unto it. The sum is, that baptism doth seal a pardon to us' for all former transgressions, aud begets us again to tho hope of eternal life ; that it re stores us to the favour of God, and gives us a new relation to Him, &c.; This, concludes the valuable authority above mentioned, is I hope the senso of our church, as well as of tho primitive ; and if so, it will uotbe material to a judicious Christian for any to say, it doth not agree to some modern systems. . Bishop Mant selects his notes, of which the above are a specimen, from fifty-four Bishops and Divines of the Church pf England, who, we may presume, know much better than our friend " S." can know, what was the real doctrine of their Church. Sir Herbert Jenner Fust, in his judgment on. the Gorham case, after taking the Articles, Offices of Baptism and Confirmation, and the Catechism, declared that — they all hung together— were. en tirely of a piece—said " everywhere the same thing ; and .that thing was that children invariably, and. always toere spiritually, regenerated in and by the 'act of baptism; We give one more . testi mony/ it is froth tho late..rcA&w;<M> Sum ner's Apostolic Preaching. The book is | before us,--and we havo caretuHy read the passages referred to as well as those quoted. Atpagelfib :,,He.says :— ; . On the authority, of this example; mid of hnr dcidahle practiee of the first ages " of-' Christi- ahityiour churoh considero Baptism aaoonvby- ing 'regeneration, ingtruetihg us' to pray, bilbrij baptism, that tho infant /" may be born: agaim and made, an heir of .Everlasting Salvation and to return thanks aftor baptism, " that it hath pleased God' to regenerate the infant vvith his Holy. Spirit, and to receive him for his dim child :byi adoption;" . At page 162, he say's :— The hcarerjappealfl to the Church an authorised interpreter pfScripture. The Church acquaints, them, "that they were themselves regenerated, and made the 'children of grace, by. baptism, &o.; : See .also page 167-8, r 176-7/ 179, ftc." Is. " S ".8atisfiedhovr7 If not, wehave' plenty- of .otbbr "Authorities, for the faotr y is, yery few Churchmeii of any note have' ; escaped -th'p; terrible infeotion of the saerip mental grace.: After what' we have pro-': duced'iti our. former papers, and what vre: have just given, it :ia worse than idle ttr say, that the Church of England' does not ' teaoh Baptismal: regeneration/ ' These j quotations . will satisfy the "roadev on bne' point— viz., that very little weight can" hbr : attached to the unauthorised, and wreckless ' assertions of our Friend S/.' on (this suIk jept, and that' he has undertakonto defend a' Church whose doctrines he does not under' stand. With; regard to such ' terms as ". J udas," — " Traitor,"— "Jesuit, : &o.;, : so' unsparingly heaped' by (f 8." on suoh men as Dr.', Pusey; . Bishop. -Wilberforce,: tho- late Bishop of Exeter/ and Salisbury, &c.r; - &c.;,. they .are. as unwarranted 'as/ they: are reprehpDsible ; and if " S.'.' . would" not lay claim to a title he has fried uosuc-' cesafully to. fig upon us— viz., ff accuser of : the brethren," we hope he will, with-'" draw thpm. : . I . -' ' : Wb will, 'take, up- in bur. next tho garbled quotations, and sOme : doctrines of the ; Church of. . England which our friend has, attempted to dony. -We" may say ..for the present; -however,- we hope it will turn, out that tho garbled quotations, have been made by " S;,r" e ther from memory or second 'band, as we should be very sorrytto impute any-un-' worthy motive: Let ,us; -therefore, hope that it is more his iufirmity ' than his fault. . ; ' ' ' I — — — — — a— The Ikisix Peiest — It may "be once for all understood that tlie Irish priest is simply tho cottier, in black guitcrs ; that in nothing saro tlie thin lacquer of a Muynooth civilization is liediil'crcnt from Thady who is earthing the po tatoes, or Tim who is stacking the turf j that, his thoughts, his instincts, . his wants, are theirs ; and. that save in tho 'se'owling expression of hia brow and the- dirty black of. his raiment,: there ' is not n feature to distinguish him from thcr peasants around liiin. I am far from- saying, that, bccauso ho is a man of lowly birtli and humble belongings, he should bo left houseless, if it boyour policy or your convenience to on- dow him with a house ; but I do .insist upon it that you ought liOt to confound this man's wants and daily requirements with those of men totally romoved from him in station. The 'suitable residence' of an Irish priest might vory well bo a room or two rooms in a-farm house.' In nine- ' teen cases .out of .twenty his earlier years had not accustomed him to even such- humble com forts as these ; and there would bo nothing in the habits and the lives of his neighbours to . wound his sensibilities or shock his prejudices. Englishmen who associate the suave and- soft- toned ecclesiastic with all tho pelits sot'ns of n French abbo or the more dignified but not less subtle monsignorc tlicy iiave met at Rome, with . the vulgar exterior, the coarse inanxcrs, and tho ostentatiously avowed insolence of the' Irish- priest, mako a great mistake. But it is tho old story, always recurring in our annals. ' When ever we mnkorono blunder, wc outdo it tenfold by our attempt at reparation. Wo began by starring tlm troops in the Crimea, and wo' onded by sending thom potted meats from Forthum and Mason's, and pates rfe foic r/ras from Stratsburg. In liko manner, from soino im pression that you have not treated your Irish Catholics very generously, or very hand somely, by a tremendous spring in reaction, , you are going to overwhelm them with bene fits. Now, I tell you fiatly, your mixed pickles and smoked salmon for your soldiers at Bala clava were not a whit more absurd than your notion of ' manses for the priests " A ration of mess beef for tlio one, and a mud cabin for the other, would have met all the requirements. of the situation. .Neither Corporal Casey nor the curate bad been reared with fastidious, tastes, and by subjecting them to this temptation you ran n far greater: risk of coirupting than of civilizing them.. If yon. insist on building. glebe-houscB- for these people, yon. must nom- . inatc a commission to teach them how to live in them. Like the Paddy ! wlio snuffed the candle with his fingurcs, and' deposited the snuff in the snuffers, observing that it was a mighty pretty " convaniency," these men will live in a corner congenially dirty and disorderly, and regard the house as 'a '" pretty convaniericy," and no' more. It took you some time to discover that curiy powder and Scotoh marmalade were not the- most suitable rations for an army in the field but you found.it out at. last, especially when you heard that the objects of your solicitude were laughing at you ; and I suppose you will oue of these dayB admit that it was a mistake to instnl a man in a house, all whose ways and, habits are accommpdated to. a cabin; and that you no ;:more brought the priest to your side by your" ill-judging munificence, than, you stimulated, the auiuivrg « mmgQWsr cQuruge. dj your piccaiiuy »nu pwrau- \- Blackwood ... 