THEATRE ROYAL. Boxing-night gave a regular orthodox bumper house, the theatre being positively crammed from floor to ceiling. ^Chairs were brought into the passages to afford extra accommodation, and even then many people had to stand. The programme comprised three pieces, the first being " The Corsican Brothers," in which Hen- Bandmanu was Louis Franchi, Mr Lawrence Chateau Renaud, Mrs M'Gowan Madaino Iraiichi, and Mrs Hollowly the femme toute prcs com promic. As many members of' the company had iieen engaged at the rural theatre of the fete at the Botanic Gardens, the performances at the Royal did <licl not commence very punctually, it being twenty minutes past eight before the curtain rose, and with a long bill to dispose of. But then, on a holiday night everybody is in holiday humor, and so the delay was taken kindly. The " Corsican Brothers" was moder ately well performed, and the ghost scene was success fully managed until the last movement when the ghost had to vanish through the wainscot, and he betrayed an awkward anxiety in making sure of the exact spot where the vanishing had to be performed. Herr Bandmann spoke the part well, and we need hardly add that he acted with gentlemanly ease all through. It is one of the characters he is able to sustain witli satisfactory skill all through. The other parts were also very well kept, Mr Monro especially having a part to which he gave great animation. The audience was highly pleased apparently with every thing, and the applause was frequent. The second piece was the burlesque " The Maid and the Magpie," in which Miss Evans appeared again as l'ippo, and was enthusiastically greeted, and often vociferously applauded. Mr M'Gowan, too, as the many-hatted Jew, kept the house in roars of laughter with his fun. It is one of the very best things in the whole piece, and hit the taste of the large holiday house immensely. The programme included with the harlequinade of the pantomime, 111 which the boisterous nonsense of the several scenes, the dancing and the jokes, drew forth peal after peal of laughter. A holiday audience is the antithesis of lago, and is nothing if not merrily uncritical, so all went jovially and everybody seemed satisfied. This ^unequivocal success, and is a lit finale to a Boxing "'fe'ht entertainment. This evening the performances will be repeated. 