$OWI SPENT CHRISTMAS THIRTY TBREB TEARS AGO. e A BT ECHO. i p ^AQB.Ohrlstoks is 90 echo of ,ibe past. It ajronses varioua senutions; some of pleasure, tome of pain. Many of you, my readers, a* you behold tbosearonnd 7011 making merry, will be startled by aome word or deed wbioh wiU immediately callup incidents in your oira history, and yourmind win nnconsojously wanderinto tbe^im past, and folloir a whole train of events which lead back to your early life, if .you are now, as I am, in the "sear and yellow leaf;" and yoiir' grandchildren around you. ' For instance, a beautiful and bright-eyed girl of seventeen summers aaid to me the other day—'" I like Cbroftnas because everybody seems bappy." Directly I remembered a bright-eyed girl of her own age, very much resembling her ip every way. who made use of similar words tbree-andtbirty years ago. My mind instantly started •way, following up~ events of a remarkable > kind, which commenced upoir a Christmas evening, and ended the next morning. The following is the story as I remember it at this distance of-tune:— In (the year* 1$32, Mr. Belasco, who bed greatjnflueoce with the Governor, suoceeded in obtaining a lease of a ran for pastoral purposes on the banks of theYubong. That grand riyer bad only, been explored about two years before that time, and there were but two other stations upon it. I joined Mr. Belaaeo, as a partner, and we stocked the rnn -with sheep and cattle. After we had been on the station about two years, Mr. Belasco brought his wife and an only daughter to reside there. About this time my brother Obarles joined us. He was then 23 years of age. The river, as moat of yon know, IB one of the finest in Australia. It was about three bundred yards in width whereour homestead was erected. The banks rose for a considerable distanoe by an easy slope, then ^suddenly for about forty yarda. Above this rise a beautiful plateau was formed,at thej)ack of which there was a dense aorub or jungle, through which it was diffionlt to paas without cutting your way. Between this Bcrub and the edge of the plateau was our dwelling^ looking east, and towards the river. The wool shed, yards, and men's huts lay scattered about a few bundred yarda lower down the river. "One hut—that of " George the Banger," as be was called, the stockman—was on the other side of the river. Nothing could prevail upon George to reside upon our aide. When it was first mentioned that we intended 'ereoting tbe station Imildings on the west aide, George shook his head, and eventually openly remonstrated against auoh great folly, as be oalled it.- " Tell ye wbat *tia maister," said George to Mr. Belasco,1 bopeyou won't be offended; but I know these black chaps better nor you. As sure as yoqr name's Mr. Blasco, they'll come down aome night and apear the lot of us like so many bandiooots." "Uonsense," said Mr. Belasoo, " these unfortunate savages will not interfere with us unless we molest them; and, as I have treated them with all kindness hitherto, I have nothing to fear." Although we dreaded no attack from the natives, still, as a precautionary measure there was a good aupply of muskets and am -munition kept in readiness for use. George despised the " Brown Bess," and had expended a whole year's earnings in the purchase of a very fine rifle, with whioh be could shoot a crow at an immense distance. This rifle was reloaded and cleaned about every third day, and the priming looked to night and morning, precautions which caused some merriment on the station at the expense of*' Georce the Ranger." . Everything progressed favorably. The sheep and cattle had proved lucrative, and bad increased amicingly; and on the morning of the 26th Deoember, 1834, everyone on \- tbe Weeyabba station Beemed as bappy as it was possible for human beings to be under •uoh circumstances. Early in the forenoon, Mr. Belasoo assembled the men, and read' irayers, as was his oustom on Sundays and I lolidays. After that tbe men enjoyed themselves in various ways. They had foot races, quoits, skittles, and other games, till the aun sunk behind the west. " Bob the Grinder" was then oalled info requisition. He was thus nioknamed from the energetic manner in wbioh he, performed upon an old violin. With his back planted against a wall, and bis foot and bead marking the time in the mo6t energetic manner, he would perform jigs, hornpipes, and reels, for hours,, and become more excited during the performance than any of bis hearers. Wall, "Bob the Grinder" was hoisted upon a stool, and carried in the most triumphant manner to the woolsbed, himself playing " See, tbe Conquering Hero Comes." The woolshed w&a; illuminated, and tho pleasures of tbe evening commenced. "While the men were thus enjoying themsolvos in the woolshod, another scene waa being enacted in the "house." Tho two maid servants, the storekeeper's wifo, the wife of a man on tho station, tbe etorohcoper and overseer, were pressed into the service for a country danco, the only dance which could bo attempted under the circurastances. Mrs. Belasco presided at a littlo square piano, and Charles led off with Miss Belasco, or Hetty, as wo callod her, Ler name boing Henrietta. Tho night was warm, as all Christmas nights aro in Australia, you know, andsthoy sat upon a rustic beach to enjoy tho' fresh air aftor tbe danco. " Charles 1 What is that?" eaid Hetty, clinging to bim in terror. It was a sound such as cannot be "described. Had all the inhabitants cf pandemonium broke loose and uttered a oonooited shriek, it oould not have been more torrible. A oliadow, as that of a ghost, darted past Charles and Hotty. It was George the Ranger hastening towards the river. Tbe lights in tho wonlshed * bad been extinguished, and all was still as death. Charles and Hetty entered tbe bouso, and in a fow minutes every soul on the station, except Goorge, was also gathered looking inquiringly into tho fucoB of ouch other. An. other yoll rent the air, and Gtsofrgo tho Ranger rtifrrod, rifle in hand. * - They'Viicorno Bt last, maiator," said Gcorcc " I told yon t hey would." ' It WTM evident that a whrlo tribe of blacks with li"stilc intentions, h»d taken p''r>o>i,ion of the wrut! at the l/o^k of the house. Gcrr^o tuiijed suddenly roitn:), fixd his eyee upon " Tommy,"' a I jankJoIlow, who wis iu tbe I libit of residing on tlio station. T"o blnekfviiow looked hum unJor bis eU^y yebrows for an instant^ and sprang towards ; be "door... . N • " " No you Sotft, if I know it," said' George, utting ontbis foot and ;tripping the fellow > "lookalive," George called out, "bring me some rope." ' " Wbat is tbe meaning of this?" asked Mr. Belaaeo. " What baa be done?" - "Whatbaa be done, Mr. Blasco," mattered George. "Why, it is this fellow as has laid them on. He bas not told them tbat everything good would be on the station tonight, and that there waB going to be a„oorroberee—ob, not he, bless his innocent heart? Just be still, my bpy, a little 'till I harness you up," continued be, addressing tbe black, fellow, who.waa writhing on tbe floor beneath the. pressure of George's knee." " Oh, you be a-nice fellow, you be;" and then, in an undertone, " If 1 bad you outside for five minutes, my gun wouldn't go«ff by accident; of course it wouldn't." ' . . ... Having.secured bis handa and feet, George thrust the blackfellow into a small room, and looked tbe door. "Now," said George, " there is no danger of this fellow running off to,, tell the darkies 1 what we are at; my adviae is to get all t£e guns and ammunition from the. store room, and let us get out of tbis plaee as aeon as possible." " Bring the guns and ammunition by all means," said Mr. Belasco; " but as to leaving the house it were nonsense. There are some hundreds of tbem, I dare say; but, with such a band of Tesolute fellows as we have here, we could keep a thousand of these unarmed savages at hay. Why a hundred civilized and well- armed men would soarcely venture to enter tbis house, George; and what oan these poor savages do with their wooden sticks?" " They can amoke us out like a ''possum, Mr. Blasco," aaid George, looking with pity at his master, " and then spear or tomahawk us, as they would kangaroo rats." "Do1 do! Henry!" emplored Mrs. Bel- asco of her husband; " do whatever George says. He knows better than we do what is right.*' Another yell broke upon tbe stillness of the night, and a shower of spears, bomerangs, and sticks battered against the aides of tbe house. . A small window waa open, a spear came through it, and broke several ornaments on a aide table. " Close all the doors and windows, and put out all the lights but one," aaid George; 'put tbat in the corner yonder, and you, William, and Mr. Harris load these guns ai *we hand them to you." George oommenoed to bore holes in all doors and window shutters, and place some one with a musket in charge of each with directions to " fire low." Mrs. Belasco and Hetty retired trembling to tbe opposite aido of the room. George aasumed tbe command without a single question. His coolness, his courage, his knowledge of the savages we bad to contend with, as having foretold that they would attack'us exactly as they were now doing, all combined to make us look to him for directions in so tfjing a situation. "Take my advice, muster," said George -turning to Mr. Belasco, " let us leave this house while we oan. If they light tbe grass between us and the river, we will not be able to get away, as there will be such a jolly flare up you will be able to see a mile up and down the river." I was about to interfere, for I at onee saw the force of George^s advice, when a volley of spears came pattering against the house, followed by the fiendish yell of defiance. ' "Fire!" said George, scarcely above whisper. " Ten muskets were instantaneously discharged, but with what effeet we oould not tell. Hetty soreamed at the report, and Charles ran, alarmed to her. All was still for a few seconds; and then the savages made tbe very earth tremble with a shout suob as we had not heard before. . " That has peppered them'" said George; " load as quick as you can;" and he picked up tbe loaded musket plaoed beside him. It must be remarked that he did sot toueb his own rifle, which stood beside bim, ready loaded and primed and whioh he reserved for speoial work. A bright light now came streaming through the loop holes, and upon looking out, to our horror, the grass between us and tho scrub waa lighted in thirty or forty plaoee. " Don't lose a minute," cried George, " Away with you all. Go down to the •edge of the long gra^ just under tho hang of tho hill, out of the light, till you oome to the sorub, go through tbe scrub and cross the river at the rouka and up to my hnt. The won't go there beoauee tbey think * Dibel dibol sit down." And turning to me he said in an undertone; " Let maister Charles stay with me, or he'll spoil everything fooling along a young misaus." Then in a loader tone ho continued, " Go quietly, one after the other, and maister Charles and me will have Some fun with these ohaps till you aro out of harm's way. We'll then cross the river. " They'll light tho grass on tho flat in a minute." George paused, he grasped his rifle, alight was passing rapidly towards-tho river ; he raised tho pieoo to bis sbculder, took stondy aim; the powder flashed in the pan; there was a sharp report—a shriok! An unfortunate wretch fa&d; perished while at hie work of destruction. " Away !" was all I hoard. The lighted brand had fallen among dry grass whioh immediately ignited. Wo hastened out, descended the hill and proceeded as rapidly as poasibio according to the directions of George. Tho savages appeared to have become fruutic. Their crica and yells wore terrific, but tbe sound was broken occasionally by the report of u musket frota Charles or Georgo. Wc kept our order very well till we reached the scrub, but hero it was impossible to keep ia file. Mr. Belasoo took charge of his wile; I of Hetty. Twico I missed Hotty, and twico I found lior. Poor littlo thing, 8ho was in a terrible ptato of nxeitnniPDt; btiJ her iwxlcty waa more for Charles whom we had left bobind than for herself. A third timo I missed Lor when noar the river, rni presently arcing a white dre*s, I wis determined not to lose her again. I canglit the burden iu njy arms and carrind it over tho river. There twas no wuiur in this place. All were over before me, it was snid, exept Mr. and Mrs. Belasco. I. sjit down roy precise load and liuUtnci ffti-fc. 'jui. soon tn.-t tlu> o' jtotn of my anarch. " Where is Hcttv P" asked' Mrs. Bela»i-o. "I ourkd lii* over" I Yrtii*i>cro4. We •• - -Hr passe3 ; 0TOr; *1<rined'tbe/ paVtv and proceeded. towards George's- M this %ad been done'very. rapidly, and everybody was in a state of great excitement. We bad not pro. ceftdedfar when we met jCbarles and George coming to meet us. v They had continued to fire upon the blaokS to.induce the belief that we were still in the bonse, till the fire was running along the fiat between th% bouse and the river. They-then-escaped and crossed in George's bark canoe. Tojomy, tbe blaokfe^ow, had untied tbe ropes "with whioh he wfcB bound, and escapod tnrougb tbe window. "".Where is Hetty ?" asked Charles;in an anxious voice. " Here," said I," I carried her across tbe! river." "No, please sir. It's mf^ Mary, as you carried," Said the servant maid. " My child 1 Oh my obild, where is sbef" ied Mrs. Belasco in despair. It was but too evident, I had carried over the maid servant by mistake.' She was about the same height as Hetty and wore a white dress. .Charles, Mr. Belasco, T, and one or two others ran back to the scrub and commenoed a fruitless search for Hetty. After having searched in all directions for fully halfan hour, we returned to George's hut. A shoit consultation ensued. Mr, and Mrs. Belasoo were beside themselves* with grief. Charles was frantio, and stormed at me for my stupidity. Three were left in charge of Mrs. Belasco and the women; one waB despatched to the nearest station for assistance and provisions, and the rest of us set out in search of Hetty. It was now nearly daybreak, and George •assured us tbat the blacks would not remnin ia the neighborhood after the first Btreak of daylight, if they had not made off already. Most of tbe buildings on tbe station were cow in flames. It was ultimately arranged tbat the main body of us should search lower down the river than the Eocka on the same side that I bad missed Hetty ; and as George aBsured us there would be no danger of the presence of the blacka after daylight, he advised that we should fire off a gun every now and then as a signal for the poor girl George left us to search the other side of tbe river. I shall never forget the dreadful anxiety of that morning. We knew thatif tbe poor girl fell into the power of tbe horrid savages, she would be cruelly murdered, or barbarously dragged along with them in their retreat, Our anxiety became heightened by our fears, and I felt the most bitter paDgs, as I accused myself of having been the oause, however innocently, of tho sad misfortune. The daylight came streaming over, the eastern hills, the sun roBe like a huge globe of fire. We searched gullies and ravines; we peered under rocks, and examined bushes. Once a sicken, ing feeling oatne over us as we beheld some thing white in the rushes at the head of the river, but we felt somewhat relieved when an enormous^jelican sailed out majestically on the water. We walked on each side of the cattle-tracks whenever we met any, and examined them carefully for any marks of her feet. Not a trace could we see. I saw Charles stop suddenly and turn pale. " Wbat is the matter ?" I asked. " There is the track of a blackfellow," be said, •* going towards the river." There it was. There W&B; no mistaking it, it was quite fresh, tbe dust from tbe edge of the print had not been disturbed. There were no others, nor was there any sign of Hetty's footprint. We followed tbe traok for some distance, but soon lost all trace of it in the grass. The sun wiiS now high above the bills, and the birds were cbirpiug and fluttering about as happily as if there was no misery in the world. We reached a bend of tbe river where the water was broad and deep. On the opposite side was an enormous pile of basaltio rock, several hundred feet high, called the Bluff. It rose perpendicularly from a 4 shelving rock at the water's edge, and ran up in columns as if it were the handiwork of a maBon. " Thank God!" exclaimed Mr. Belaaeo. We turned our eyes in the direction of the top of the Bluff, and there was Hetty. She saw us, her bands were extended towarda us, and Bhe was evidently speaking, but we could not hear what she said. Our joy was unbounded. We made signs for her not to approaoh tho edge of the Bluff. Charles darted past me like an arrow in. the direction of a place whore the river might easily be forded. We prepared to follow him, when we wore terrified by the appearance of Tommy, the escaped blackfellow, not a hundred yards from Hetty and running towards her at the top of his 6peed. I noticed Mr. Belasco turn ghastly pale. " Ho is running," said I," to save her from falling over tbe Bluff." Whatever hopes my remarks might have raised, tbey were instantly dispellod. The wretch seked the poor child by the hands, as she had them uplifted and clasped together in an imploring attitude. The black dragged ber violently; she fell on her knees and he seemed to he working bimBelf into a fury by his violent minner. A new tomahawk bad bean given him tho day before as a Christmas present; he drew it from a girdle around his waist and lifted it in bis right hand. " Mcroiful God, spare, oli sparo my child! " exclaimed Mr. Blasco in a;"ony. Ho reeled and fell. Tho strong man had fainted by my 6ide. Ci'irles could not by any possibility run a fourth of tbe distance between him aud Hetty before the poor girl would be uo more. No gun which wc had would carry helf tho distance. Hetty seemed to have fainted. Her head fell back, and her beautiful hair fi-11 about in wild disorder, Tho black grasped both ber hands in bio loft, ono, and bold her from falling as a giant would have bold a lamb. The bright edge of the tomahawk glittered as be held it above his head to strike—a eickening feeling c&iuo; ovor mo. Tim tomahawk fell he threw up his arms—there was a sharp report of a gun, and the giant form of tho blad: fell over tho cliff. It struck a piece of pioj' ciin^ rook and rebounded against another, oi:d bounded aud rebounded till it rraoliod ths bottom, wlicrc it lay, a bruiued, bio'^iug, fhr.pclcus m^s. ilr. Belasoo opcnr-sl bis eves. " Sbe is saved," I paid, " llctty ! (he ip snf9 ; well; bappy." I siare-ly kne-r whiti 1 said in iny _|oy. " Htf|<ry,"sii! Mr. ]}t>!usco,witli a sad look, " Vf s, happy in hoaven." "Xo, a-!!" 1'fc.tid, "eoine ono lias shot Toujii'j. Lo iit there," and I paiuted out bis dead ba-v. By tbi> lii.T> George had rnado his appearance bc."'d.i TT lty. He was d.mciug about in tbs ii;:.i«t fr.:uiic manner; throwing hishbt into the air, and.performing all kinds of wonderful feats to make us underatand thaj; all was well. ' Mr. Belasco turned to me fuiil said, " Let us give thanks to'Almighty God, for the . miraculous restoration r of- my -dear child." V- / — : We knelt down and he uttered a thanksgiving. And oh, how eloquently 'the words came from bis lips. It-was the language -of th$. heart. . There had ,-been no midnight oil ; consumed in the preparation of wbat ;he said; Tbere bad been no weighing of sentences and words; no studying of attitudes and gestures. It was the language of a soul flowing over with gratitude to a merciful ajtd good God who bad rescued a loved being friom the very, jaws of death; : We crossed the river and were soon together. The explanation was easy. Poor Hetty had crossed the river wben she missed mel, but having crossed it, in her excitement, she had wandered she knew not whither. George bad found ber tracks soon after daylight, and was carefully and patiently.running them down when he.suddenly beheld-her in the hands.of tbe savage. He knew tbat if the fellow saw him, he would sink his tomahawk ia tbe helpless girl's head! Hetty's fainting gave George a better opportunity ; he took steady aim; fired over Hetty who was between him and tbe blaok, with what good effect we all know. It was truly marvellous that he oould have effected such a shot at such a distance, and few others could have done so. The rest is easily told. Mrs. Belasoo and Hetty were removed to a more civilised neighborhood. The Btation^was rebuilt on tbe opposite side of the river. We had to replaoe our goods and stores as everything was burnt, Charles and Hetty were married before the next Christmas. The beautiful town of Moral dry stands now where our station was, and tbe Court house is exactly where George's hut stood. That was how I spent Christina* thirtythree years ago. 