" EICELSIOR.' TUESDAY, JUNE 29, 1809. IT would appear that the policy of Mr. M'CULLOCU and his cabinet with regard to immigration-if any negative action in this instance can rightly be called a policy, is simply to let it alone. The Government will give no encouragement to those who propose to initiate an organ ised system of emigration from Europe, neither will they take any steps to make the intending emigrant acquainted with the inducements held out by this colony as a desirable country for agricultural settlement. In short they do not believe in half measures as at all suited to the very liberal policy of the peoples' Protec tire Ministry. The country and its riches are not considered more than suf ficient for the handful of people who ought to monopolise both, so long as they remain sufficiently enlightened to appre ciate the statesmanlike legislation and sound wisdom of their present rulers. "'Encourago native industry, and do allyot? can of course to promote the increase of manufactories and works, and when the raw material duly appears as the manu factured article, what matter if there are no consumers in the country P The import markets of the world are open to you, and if they were not, you are at least saved from the mischievous competition of the odious foreign article, so long as we (the peoples' Ministry) keep up a protective duty sufficiently high to make the cost of the imported article exceed that of the same produced here." Of some of the effects of protection and the stoppage of immigration this is no over. drawn sketch, whatever may have been the real intentions of those who are responsible for such a retrogressive and suicidal policy. The check to population by the influx of emigrants from Europe, might well have been left to follow as one of the natural results of a protective tariff. For as soon as the farmer or other intending settler of small means disco vered that the cost of living in a now country at the other end of the world, was much greater in proportion to the wages rate, than that in which he had already found a home, one half at least of the inducements to leave the land of his birth and kindred, would be gone, and home ties and asso ciations would naturally outweigh the other. In dealing with a discussion of the effects to the colony of the stoppage of Immigration, we shall best handle the subject by considering it as it really is, a part of the policy of the protection itllacy. It is assumed, as has been over and over again professed by its supporters, that protection was designed to promote the employment and settlement of the people; to give a great impetus to native industry, by multiplying local trade and manufacture; to largely increase our exports, and to reduce our imports to a minimum. These results were to be meterially assisted by keeping population out of the country. Now can it be said that the ormployment of the people has kept pace with the demand since 1863, in anything like a fair proportion P Certainly not ; else, how comes it that the whole newspaper press of the colony is so frequently occunied with accounts of destitution and distress amongst the work ing population P Pauperism, we know, is largely on the increase, and the resources of the charitable institutions of the country are at present insuflicient to meet the constantly accumulating demands upon their funds. The settlement of the people upon the public lands, under the operations of the 42nd and other clauses of the Amending Land Act has fortunatoly nbsorbed much of the labour population of the colony; and, but for this circumstance, the dilficulty of dealing with the distress existing among the labouring classes might well havo threatened the peace of the country. It will doubtless be asserted that a considerable impetus has been given to native industry in the increase of colonial works and factories. We admit the increase,but lwhereare the satisfactory results so confidently promised as sure and inevitable ? Are the people as a whole more prosperous P-tho' working conmunity better and more extensively 1 mplloyed P-the charitable institutions less crowded P Is crime decreasing, or is it apparently in any way affected for good by tho much bonasted increase of schools and churches P Unless it can be shown that an afflirmative answer may rightly be ! given to these questions-a-end we believe it cannot-we maintain that the promised results have not been realised. It may be objected that the very poverty and distress in the ranks of the working classes, to which we give such prominence, become an argument against increasing the population by means of immigration on the plea that if we cannot provide for the wants of those already in the conntry we are not fa a position to invite strangers to share he ways and means already found to inadequate. This, however, is but a s rficial view of the ease after all, howevr clear and reasonable it may appear at f rst sight. It may be confi dently asserted, and that too upon ample proof if necessary, that protection of which policy the stoppage of immigration is only a development in Australia has mainly contributed to the depressed stste of things now existing. The colony of Victoria was a thriving and prosperous country when our ports were free to the merchandise of the world, and when we could reckon our incoming population by many thousands annually. Population, not protection has made America, and during the most productive times in the history of that country, it cannot be said that her people ever lost sight of the para mount necessity to make their shores at tractive to the immigrant, or in short to do anything that might tend to promote the increase of population by the intro duction of European settlers. We have mentioned the year 1863, as that which marked the commencement of the pro tective tariff. Let us now glance at a few facts and figuresN collated from statistical information published by the Gove(-d ment. We have admitted that the number of new industries has increased, bat we deny that it is apparent that in crease has brought any additional pros perity. Under the heading "Mannfactories and Works" in five years we get the fol lowing figures: 1803 ...... ... 716 3864, ... ... ... 612 1865 ... ... ... 785 1866 ... ... ... 872 1867 ...... ... 090 For the five previous years under free trade, beneath the same heading we have the following : 1858 ... ... ... 421 1859 ... ... ... 407 1860 ... ... ... 475 1861 ... ... ... 429 1862 ... ... ... 603 Proteotion was to have very consider ably lessened the value of our imports and nearly doubled the exports, Let us see how far the results have realised the promise. PROTECTIVE TARIFF. Imports. Exports. 1863 ......... £14,118,727 . £13,566,296 1864 ......... 14,974,815 .., 13,808,384 1865 ......... 13,257,537 ... 13,150,748 1866 ......... 14,771,711 ... 12,889,546 1807 ......... 11,674,080 .., 12;724,427 FREE TRADE TARIFF. Imports. Exports. 1858 ......... £15,108,249 ... £13,989.200 1859 ......... 15,622,891 ... 13,867.859 1860 ......... 15,093,730 ,.. 12.962,704 1861 ......... 13,532,452 ,.. 13.3828,606 1862 ......... 13.487,787 ... 13,039,422 From the year 1857 immigration which had then amounted to 74,255 had been steadily on the decrease, until ten years later;, in 1867, we have 27,2412. In the former year the revenue amounted to £3,328,303; the expenditure to £2,968,658; in the latter, revenue, £3,043,900; expenditure, £2,226,018. Mr ML'Cur.Loc, however, quotes his own statistics in support of this protective policy, but as he has not as yet attempted to say that the experiment has gained anything by keeping population out of the country, it inay not be too much to hope that when the 'Land Bill is disposed of, as it d6ubtless soon will be, the claims of immigration will force themselves upon the attention of the Loegislature. The present time is opportune, and promises everything in the way of success. The colony is sadly in want of population, and in England its rapid increase is beginnining to be felt as a serious evil. The subject never attracted so much attention at home, and we are told thero is a largo class of useful and in every sense of the word, eligible emigrants who would be willing to come if they had the means. Many of this class com prise artizans and workmen recently thrown out of employment by the closing of the dock-yards and the reductions made in many branches of the Public Works' Department. More will follow as the scheme of retrenchment progresses in England, so the ghost of the "chronic pauper" class need not frighten us. As fields for emigration, America and Canada offer superior inducements to the Australian colonies; and beforo we can hope to compete with those more favored territories, we must at least reduce the passage money to the amount required for a trip across the Atlantic. It would.be better, however, to grant free passages, and no loss would accrueho to the revenue, as so a few years the recipients of the grant would have paid back in taxation the moderate sum ad. ranced by the colony. The steamer Avon, 8. Lapthorno, left Melbourno on Wednesday, crossed the bar at Lakes entrance first tide Friday morn ing, arrived at ]3airnsdalo at noon, discharged cargo, and proceeded to Clydebank, arriving at midnight ; discharged cargo and took in full load of grain, and bark and left at 3 30 p.m. Saturday. Captain Lapthorno reports the entrance as looking well; a staight channel with six feet water. Our Bairnedale correspondenot states that, notwithstanding the depth of water on the bar at the ontrance to the lakes on the 17th inrrsant (five fobc six inches), the schooner Mary Anne by some means or otlher got on shore at the west spit, and was left high and dry. The cargo had to be unloaded, anid she wasgob afloat' aigain on the 18th, without much damnage to either vessel or cargo. TIhe Avon steanmoro, Captain Laptlhorno, arrived at Blairnadalo on 25t1ih instant, with cargo and three passengers. Also, on same day thIe Albert schooner, with full cargo for Bairnsdalo and Bale, and tie steamors Thee, Norton and Lady of the Lake. The lakes' entrance is reported of favorably. Thie p.s. Murray arrived at the Queen's wharf, Melbourne, from Peort Albert, on Friilay afternoon, We beg to call thIe attention of landowners and others interested in the progress of the North Gippeland Agricultural, Pastoral and HorticultnrAl SncIlety, to thIe meeting advertised' to To ~'ild in the RIoyal Exchango Hotel, Sale, on Saturday first. Every endeavour will, no doiubt, be made by all' parties to ensure the election of such a eommitteo of atnnago. ment, as will prove a guarantee that the views and objects of the Society will be carried out in an enorgetio and business likeo mannocr At a special general meeting of the sub scribers held on Friday evening last, his Honor Judge Bindon was unanimously elected vice-president of the Mechanics' Institute, vice CF T Farran, Esq., resigned GT Jones, Esl was also elected to fill a vacant seat in the committee. We had prepared our usual notice of the Amateur performance as held last evening in the hall of the Mechanies Institute, but unusual pressure upon our space at a late hour, prevented its insertion. An extraordinary meeting of the share holders of the Thomson River Copper Min ing Company will be held at two o'clock on Friday the 2nd July, at Scott's Hotel, Collins-street, Melbourne, to make arrange. meats for the future working of the mine. We remind tenderers for the various public works advertised by the Borough Council that to-day is the last day for the reception of tenders at the Council Chambers. As an earnest of the new postmaster's intention to accommodate the public as far as possible, we are authorised to intimate that the letter box will be kept open until 8 p.m. for the receipt of letters, &c.; The letter.lip at the offices of Messars Robertson, Wagner and Co., will be available as hereto. fore. The Alberton shooting match, formerly announced to come off on the 18th instant., will take place on the Ist prox., Separation Day, A free ball and supper 'illbogiven bit Separation Day, let July, at the Toongabbi Hotel, Toongabbi. Mr. H. M. Pearson will hold a pound sale at the Sale pound to-morrow. Business parties are reminded that the Secretary of the Gippsland Hospital invites tenders for the supply of groceries, wines and spirits, meat and other articles for the six months ending 30th December. Such tenders to be sent in to the Secretary's office by 4 p.m. on Friday first. In the Ovens and MJfurray Advertiser it is stated "That the Beechworth Borough Council have at length happily determined to put a final stop to riding along or driving across footpaths, and imperative orders have been given to look out for offenders of this class and enforce the heaviest penalty." A very good example for imitation in all muni cipalities. Thursday next, being Separation Day, all the banks and public offices in Sale will be closed, and we believe it will be held as a holiday by our citizens generally. Should weather prove favorable, a good opportunity will be afforJded to all those whose business engagements preclude them on other days, of witnessing and taking part in a run withthe Gippsland hounds. The popular master, Mr George Ellis, with his accustomed fore thought and wish to aflord pleasure to all and sundry in the district, has named the Turf Hotel, Sale, as the place of meet for that day, and all comers, the more the merrier, are invited to breakfast there by our spirited host of the Cricket Club Hotel. From whispers here and there, we are led to expect an unusual muster of all those who love the ' pleasures," and have the courage to brave the "dangers" of the chase. A determined assault has been made by some fractious horse on the fence skirting the road immediately leading to the Union Bridge. From the marks made by the cart wheels, and the appearance of the broken fence, it is evident the animal must have turned suddenly off the road, and jumped the low rail of the fence, but its impetuosity was arrested by the cart wheels becoming entangled in the fence, which has been cut away in order to allow the vehicle to pass through. It would appear that there are still auri. ferous localities remaining to be discovered in Gippsland, which have hitherto escaped the notice of gold seekers, and we should not he astonished if next summer should bring to light payable fields in places not thought of previously by our mining popula tion. We have the best authority for stating that payable gold has been discovered on the Dargo Flat, and we believe the ofecial in timation of such discovery will shortly be made public. In the meantime we are authorised to state that a fresh rush has, within these last three weeks, taken pince to that locality; and at the date to which we refer, there were about forty miners en gaged at work, of whom tweonty.six wre Europeans, and the remainder Chinamen. The workings are alluvial and the sinking shallow; the gold fino and of very good quality; and we are told the parties et pre sent on the ground are perfectly satislied with the results of their labours. The pro. spects of this place being able to maintain a fair population are, we are informed, very encouraging, end it is expected that the summer will see a largo rush of miners to the ground in question, as there is plenty of country, and every indication of tim same proving payable and rewarding the efforts of industrious and porsevering miners. The locality is on the Dargo Flat, near the resi. douce of Mr M'Intosh, about fifty-five miles .'romn Stratford by the Crooked River road, tad about the same distance from Bairns. dale. We sincerely trust the hopes enter. taiued of this proving a valuable discovery may be fully realiscd, and that it may be the meansna of opening up fresh payable country in and around that quarter. A commission was hold last week by WV. T. Dawson, Esq., and W. T. Branford, Esq., commissioners appointed to reconsider the applications that were postponed from the commission held at Palmorston on the 20th May, in order to give the applicants an opportunity to prove that the land applied for was within the 30 miles radius. The applioants woreo-Thomas Wilson, for 80 acres ; Joseph Matches, 80 acres; Bonjamin Hobson, 100 acres F. T. Taylor, 100 acres ; John Willis, 114 acres; William Catshpole, 160 Oacres, These lands were on the run of P. O. Buckloy, Esq., in the parish of Balloong, who objected• very strongly to all the applications. The consequence was that the contest for the coveted areas was very earnestly conducted; so much so that candles lhad to be lighted beforo the matter was disposed of: Eventually, however, the comumissioners recommended the wholoe'of the applications. Although the contest was 1 so: keen, it was conducted' very good humorcdly, and at its soncluslon. when tiheo orcasion was made known, Mr Buokley not only receivod it with a good grace, hiut in. vited theiapplicants to take wise with him,. Thlio noet comnmission will, hbe held on. the 14th. The applications are pouring it rapidly, and It is asupposed that it will be one of the larget cemmiaseions over hold tinaes I tho 422dhma s came into opqratioun . The usually quiet town of Bairnadale was enlivened on Saturday morning by the ap pearance of the Gippsland hounds, and the master, Mr George Ellis. A good muster of the inhabitants assembled to welcome them to Bairnsdale. About half- past eleven a.m. a start was made in the direction of M'Laucblan's Flat, where the hounds threw off in Mr Smallman's paddock, the master taking the fence on Walkover in capital style, followed by the whip on Little Ceorge, Mr Richardson on Shamrock, Mr Webb on Kent, and Mr O'Brien on a bay. They: nextled into Morgan's paddock, the obstacles being- again successfully negotiated; the hounds then went up the hill near the pound, and a pretty smart run was had as far as the township gates; they then led down the lane near Merry's paddock, and after a short run turned into the paddock, followed by the master, whip, and Mr Richardson, the quarry (a native dog) then finding it too hot for him made in the direc. tion of Mr Thomas's inn, being captured in an exhausted state in the bar. Here a halt was made for an hour, and host Thomas seemed to be kept pretty busy. Another start was now effected after a drag, which led through Mr Thomas's paddock; this fence, a five footer, brought everyone up standing except the master, who took it in splendid style; they next made in the direction of the township into Mr !1'Leod's paddock, when they had a short run, and soon after turned homewards, every one expressing themselves very well satisfied with the day's amusement, and in hopes that the hounds will pay us another visit during the season. We are favored with a copy of the me morial recently presented to the Legislative Assembly by the Government contractors, who were extensive losers during Mr M'Cul loch's suspension of Treasury payments in the interval of the dead-lock, The petitioners, who supplied stores to the various Govern. ment departments, urge a request which it is simply neither right nor politic to refuse. They show clearly enough two things. First, that they were exposed to the loss of interest on money due to them; and, secondly, that the very money so due to them by the Go vernment, and for which they had, to pay interest, was all the time earning interest for the Treasury. We do not know what legal difficulties there may be in the way of ob taining redress through the law courts, but of the equity of the claim submitted by the contractors, there cannot be a doubt.- In thus repudiating a payment that could not with honour hoe refused by an ordinary busi ness firm, Mr i'Culloch is certainly doing the State no service, for contractors will, of course, in future, take care to increase the amount of their tenders by a certain per centage by way of interest on delayed pay ments. The excuse made by the Chief Secretary that "prompt payment was not among the conditions of the contracts," is only a convenient way of evading the claims. It is no genuine defence of his position; neither is it founded on any known principle of right or justice. The contractors might well have replied that "deferred payments without interest were not among the condi tions of their contracts ;" and there would have been quite as much force in this latter objection, as in that so readily employed by n1r M'Culloch. There is, of course, little or no chance of obtaining redress against the Government in the Legislative Assembly, so long as there remain two portfolios in the gift of the " liberal" (?!) majority on the right of the Speaker. What news I-asks the nowsmonger, Jenkins, who has been poring over the local paper for half an hour, throws it down quite pettishly and says, " there is nothing in it." Perhaps there is some truth in this assertion. But let any rational reader consider what a placid field a country reporter has to exer ciaose his genius upon. Look at the crowded busy streets of Salo on a fine sunshiny day, and think of the number of topics there are to dilate upon, and the host of events there are to record. It is said that Tyco Brahe wrote two volumes about a star that became visible in a quarter of the Heavens where no star existed before, and which increased in magnitude till it could be seen at mid day. All must confess that he had a very fertile imagination to write two volumes on a subject upon which he could have no reliable data. But it is quite obvious that had the star never shown "its tvwinkling light" Tyco Braho could not have written two lines upon it, much less two volumes. In like manner paragraphists cannot write news when events won't take place, and when everyone insists on doing nothing worthy of note. Reportors go about as industriously with their eyes open as Diogenes went about with his lamp, but like the Oynic, they fin no virtuous men-that is, the genes, pure and simple. What could Argue see when there is nothing to be seen ? Reoporters feel a kind of venera tion for people who break their necks or com" mit suicide, and they have a decided liking for thoso persons who are not averse to dis location or fracture. They like to see a good firo (especially if the house has boon latoly insured for a large amount); it gives thcm much pleasure to record an insolvency (especially when the insolvent has made over a large amount of'proporty to his wife, and she runs away wvith another man.) They have no objection to babies being found under culverts or amongst bulrushes; they regard burglary, robbery, and petty theft with a feeling akin to admiration; and thley are not strongly opposed to a good murder. They look upon these things in the same light in which doctors look upon sickness and undertaklre upon corpses-all golod for trade. In the absenceof events of such a startling sensational character as we have above enumerated, they mnake the most they can of "big gooseberries," " monster potatoes," "narrow escapes," and pussy's last nccouehement, as a rare instance of "feline fecundity." It is a perfect slice of luck when there is a row in the Couniell, a sceno in the police court, or a spill in the street. Rleporters feel particularly grateful when local eolobrities immortalise themselves by a most heroic ride in a volocipedo on the footpath in the very teeth of the eorgeant of tlhe police, anl without the protection of a nurse. Cohl neot some ot our young ladies vho follow the hounda distinguish them. solves in some way ? Let one of them smake a dashing ride over fance and rivero, as Polly Dill ias.described to have dons in Lover's 1 Basrrgtonf, and lot some amiable lovoafolk j Fred just Save them frcm torrent. WVe promise then1 t fall justice done them. Our Bairndae correspond " I forward a return of deaths June, 1868, to the let June, I. be seen that, for a large ditr there is very little eickn?t,1e year 1867 was quite as favor'rl can be little question about , a very healthy place. N?t?wetL ward yea a return of LirtL, contrast very favorably with t?e June 19, 1868.-Coneamption 1; 30 years, August 2.-Croup, 1; ot August 23.-Accidentally 28 yeara. August 2?--Child birth, 1 lth. Sept--Intermittent years. October I8.-Convulsions, 1 November 8.-Coasumptin 1; 34 years. March 2, 18GD.-Child died after birth. February 7.-1 ; cause of deat -died after a few days' sickness Sept. 26.-Child died a few ) birth. April 27.-Dysentery, 1; I ye May I.-Mumps, 1 ; G mouths May 20.--Paralytic ,it, 1; 13i A correspondeit asks : Why is most obstiunate, stuid and el place in Gippsland ? ldcause ther (more a s) about it ! Another correspondlent ilnqire is the greatest defect in the New M.r Grant has given tihe (ipo3itioU to stand uoln ! 