Hategt jHetog* CRVTL SERVICE CLUB.—The usual anniversary dinner was held on Tuesday evening at the new Club House, King William-street. His Excellency the Governor, the Patron of the Club, was present on the occasion. THE LATE J^AYOR OF PORT ADELAIDE.—A movement is in progress in the Port for a dinner to Mr. J. M. Sinclair, who has occupied the position of Mayor of that Corporation for the past three years. Several of the most influential ratepayers are taking an active part in the movement, which appears likely to be heartily responded to. FALSE CHARGE.—At the Supreme Court on Tuesday John Huffer, who was convicted of embezzlement, gave as his reason for suddenly leaving his piaster's service that he discovered, that it was Mr, Duns tan's practice to " hollow" his loads of wood, so as to make 7 cwt. look like 14, and his sensitiveness doubtless would not allow him to connive at such a practice. His Honoi* in passing sentence, remarked that the prisoner "had not commended himself to him by the defence he had set up, and to be satisfied that it was correct he should require a little stronger testimony, If it was true he flight have discharged his duty to the public a Uttle earlier. He then sentenced him to six calendar months with hard labour." Now if any will require to be told that there is not the ghost of any evidence in support of Buffer's slanderous statement, and a testimonial to Mr. Duns tan's integrity, given in another column, signed among others by some who have •lealt with him from eight to 10 years, effectually demolishes the foul insinuation. BAZAAR.— A bazaar in aid of the North Adelaide Juvenile Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society will be opened to-day in the Temperance Hall, Tynte-street. THE SOUTH - EASTERN MAIL.—The South- Eastern mail, which ought to h^ve arrived on Wednesday evening, did not reach its destination till 3 o'clock op Thursday morning, in consequence of its having been detained at Penola for the mail from Melbourne. FATAL ACCIDENT.—The name of the person who was recently killed at Lake St. Clair, near Rube, shquld have V^n given as John Patrick Pyne, not Daniel PiSie. DARLING RISING AT BOURKE.—There have been heavy rains about Bourke, and before the mail reached Wilcannia the news reached there that a 3 feet rise was coming down the river. At Wilcannia before this the river had risen a foot, as will be seen from our correspondent's letter. THE GULNARE. — The Gulnare, for Port Darwin, whose mail closes in the afternoon, is nearly ready for sea, and will most probably be towed to the anchorage this evening. SCOURED WOOL.—We have received from Messrs. Chesterman, per favour of Captain Walker, of the Prince Alfred steamer, a sample of scoured ewe's wool, from sheep belonging to the Hon. J. Crozier. It is an excellent sample, the staple being long and firm, and the wool itself beautifully soft and elastic. In preparing I it neither soap nor soda has been employed, I which will explain sufficiently its freedom from I the harsh crisp feeling which the plentiful use ! of the latter ingredient produces. DISTRICT OF VICTORIA.—The Returning Officer, Mr. G. B. Scott, S.M., and Mr. W. P. Walker, Revising Officer, held a Revision Court on the | 27th November at Robe Court-House. Sub- , joinea joined are me the ngiires figures:—Number .-x.umuer previously on j Legislative Council roll, 99/; added, 8; present number, 1,005. Number previously on House of Assembly roll, 2,089; added, 70; present number, 2,159. THE REPRESENTATION OF WEST TORRENS.— On Tuesday, in the Assembly, the debate upon the motion for granting leave of absence to Mr. Bean, M.P., for the rest of the session was adjourned for a week on the representation of Mr. J, Fisher, M.P., that he had received a request from several influential residents in the District of West Torrens to have the vote delayed to give the electors an opportunity of meeting to discuss the question. By an accident, reference to this subject was omitted in our Parliamentary report yesterday, although it was mentioned under the head in " Proceedings in Parliament." REAL PROPERTY ACT. — During November, 1869, the fees of office were £402 14s., and the property brought under Torrens's Act was valued at £20,380, the figures for the same month last year being £368 0s. 8d. and £42,426 respectively. In transactions the chief increases were:—Applications, 50 against 42; transfers, 113 in place of 111; mortgages, 116 compared with 109; transfers of mortgages, 32 instead of five; and discharges, 60 in lieu of 49. The only decrease of consequence was — Leases, 13, whereas the same month last year the figure was 28. ACCIDENT IN HUNTING. — Mr. Prior, of Marrabel, met with a very serious accident the other day. With two or three others he was in search of horses, when suddenly they came upon a large flock of kangaroos. The chase was a temptation too great to resist, and in the heat Mr. Prior's horse crossed one of the others. A collision ensued, and he was thrown with great violence to the ground, causing concussion of the brain. He was insensible for two days, and Dr. Blood, who haa been in attendance, when we heard had little hope of hig recovery. STEPNEY CRICKET CLUB.—On Monday evening, November 29, a meeting of the Stepney Cricket Club took place, a dozen members being pre- sent, and Mr. D. Colville presided. Several rules were passed, and the following officers elected for the ensuing year:— Messrs. D. Fisher, M.P., President; C. C. Gooden, Vice- President; W. O. Whitridge, Secretary; J. N. Richards, Treasurer; and D. Colville, D. Beresford, L. Tucker, and W. Nickolls, Committee. Several matches were arranged, and eight new members joined. 