SETTLEMENT IN VICTORIA. Among the statistics for 1867 issued from the Registrar-General's Department we find some of considerable interest relating to settlement and its results in Victoria. The returns are comprehensive and clear and not at all too voluminous in our opinion. They bear high testimony to the competency and industry of the gentleman who presides over this important department, and present in themselves a satisfactory answer to the vain boast of Mr. David Blair, M.L.A., that he could work a most valuable reform in the Registrar-General's office. We will not dispute the reverend gentleman's competency to furnish the Bible with original notes, annotations, and commentaries such as might succeed in creating and attaching to him a new and zealous religious party; but as he abandoned statistics through a preference for theology and the pulpit we scarcely think it would be to the interest of the public that he should return to an occupation at which his services were not sufficiently valued to be retained or rewarded. As blue books in all their particulars are only interesting to those who are afforded an opportunity of examining them for themselves we shall give but a few particulars from the one on the Lands and Produce now before us It was known that grazing has been com bined with cultivation more of late years than formerly, but it was hardly expected, we think, that this was the case to the extent made known by the returns on the subject. In 1858 the number of holders of pur chased land and of land rented for other than pastoral purposes was 11,573. They held altogether 2,519,156 acres, and of that 298,959 acres were under cultivation. In the total extent of land held there was an average of 214 acres per head, and of the proportion under cultivation the average per head was 25 acres. Now in 1868 we have 314 acres against 214 in 1858, but in respect to cultivation only 24 acres against 25 in 1858, thus showing in the quantity of land held an increase of 100 acres per head in 1868 but a decrease of one acre per head in the land under cultivation. While landholders have each on an average 100 acres more land now than they had in 1858, they have one acre less under cultivation than they had then. For the benefit of those who may wish to check our calcula tions we may mention that in 1867 the number of occupiers was 25,828, the land occupied by them, 8,108,465; and the quantity cultivated 631,207 acres. Our readers will also learn, we believe, with some surprise, that what with slight exceptions in the case of barley and green forage, is the only crop which has increased in the proportion under cultivation. Oats, potatoes, and hay show a decline. Barley has increased from 1.8 per cent, to 2.5 per cent., green forage from 2.9 per cent, to 11.0 per cent., wheat from 26.2 per cent. to 34.4 per cent., while potatoes have de creased from from 10.0 per cent, to 5.7 per cent., hay from 28.9 per cent, to 17.2 per cent., and oats from 25.9 per cent, to 19.9 per cent. The inference to be drawn from these figures is not favourable to the agri cultural interest in this colony. For though relatively to to quantity in 1867 there is an increase in 1868, there is a falling off in the produce of the last year, if it be judged relatively to the increase in the number of cultivators. And, as we have already said, there is an actual decline in the produce of the other principal crops. In 1867 the quantity of land sold in Victoria was 129,332 acres, realising £214,077. The total area sold up to that date was, in round numbers, 6,400,000. The total area unalienated was 50,000,000 acres. In the period ending 31st March, 1848, the total Crown lands rented for other than pastoral purposes was 1,440,055, and the total of purchased land in occupation 6,668,410; total agricultural land occupied, 8,108,465 acres. Adding this amount to the quantity held as stations, the total occupied in 1867-8 was 36,613,809 acres, showing a decrease in occupied land since 1861 of 4,786,281 acres. Iu 1861 the number of runs in the colony was 1,265, and the area 41,400,080 acres. ^ 1 8 6 7 tbe number of 111118 was au( * the area 28,505,344 acres. WE are glad to obtain opon excellent authority a ontradiction of tliereport of Mr.Carleton'sdeath, hich appeared in the English, papers before he departure of the last mail, and which from, hem, was copied into our Victorian newspapers. he Weekly Register of the 2nd January, conains the following extract from the Freeman's Journal.—"William Carleton, the Irish novelist, is not dead, notwithstanding the statement published by the Irish Times and another morning contemporary. The smallest amount of care and trouble would have informed those journalists that our distinguished countryman, though in a very critical state, is, we are happy to learn, still far from immediate danger." MR. C. E. Jones on Tuesday, tendered liis esignation as Minister of Roads and Railways, nd' it was accepted by his Excellency. Mr. ones has also resigned the representation of aUarat West, but it is understood that he will gain seek the suffrages of the electors. Mr. Jones's resignation was announced in the Legislative assembly on Tuesday evening, and thus notified in a supplement to the Government Gazette:—" His Excellency the Governor has this day accepted resignation by the hon. Charles Edwin Jones, of his office as Commissioner of Railways and Roads, and a Vice-President of the Board of Land and Works." THE Chief Secretary stated in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening, that provision would be made on the Estimates for compensating those employis of the Government who have been reduced, and who are not provided for by the Civil Service Act. Mr. McCulloch also stated that it was tbe intention of the Government to introduce, during the present session, a bill providing for the abolition of state-aid to religion. WE regret to learn that Mr. Surgeon Fitzgerald has felt himself called upon to bring a no less serious charge against Mr. Molony, the resident surgeon of the hospital, than that of endangering a boy's life by treating a case of fractured forearm as a simple sprain. We do hope that in the investigation of the affair which is to follow it will not seem that such a reflection as this upon the professional capacity of a young practitioner just entering upon his career might have been avoided, and that a word of admonition and advice would not have served the purpose without detracting in the least degree from that confidence it is essential the public should entertain in tbe qualifications of those entrusted with the care of our poor who suffer from sickness or bodily injuries. THE annual appeal at St. Francis' Church on Good Friday afternoon in aid of tbe Hospital, will be made this year by the Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J. IN answer to Mr. Everard, Mr. Casey stated, in the Assembly on Tuesday, that it was his intention to discontinue the present class of Chinese interpreters on the gold fields. According as vacancies occur they will be filled up by European interpreters. Mr. Young, at Ballarat, has at present a number of young men in training for the office. A STATEMENT, showing the expenditure for the years 1866 and 1867, out of monies set apart under schedules D to Act 18 and 19 Victoria, cap. 55, was laid before Parliament yesterday. We gather from it the following particulars. There was "paid as pensions last year:—To Sir William a'Beckett, late Chief Justice, £1,600; to Mr. H. C. E. Childers, late collector of Customs, £866 13s. 4d.; to Captain Clarke, late surveyor-general, £800; to Mr. R. D. Ireland, £1,000; to Mr. Gavan Duffy, £1,000. Of the amount set apart for public worship appear the following .-—Church of England buildings, £10 833 5s. 3d.; stipends, £10,S38 6s. 2d.; Roman Catholic buildings, £5,760 . 2s. lOd.; stipends, £5,57718s.4d. The disproportionately small sum received by the Roman Catholic Church as compared with that apportioned to the Church of England is a consequence of the loose manner in which the census was taken. All who did not claim to be Catholics but confessed to being Christians, though not in communion with the Church of England or members of any of the thousand and one dissenting branches of it, were returned as members of it, and thus the grant to that body is most unfairly double that received by the Roman Catholics. In Sydney Punch of Saturday last, the most delicate consideration is evinced for Mr. Parkes's wounded feelings and bereaved condition. In one of tbe illustrations he is represented as kneeling in great dejection and sorrow at tbe grave of "the Kiama Ghost." Poor Parkes deprived t>y an inquisitive committee and a bantering public of even the ghost of his invention is a pitiable object. Mr. Punch must have thought so when be designed this respectful tribute to him. But the versatile old gentleman seems to have fallen into another mood before the presentation was made with the simple inscription "Hie facit the Kiama Ghost; " for he represents himself as looking with cynical , composure and scorn at Parkes from a distance, and a latin inscription has been added in which it is said that the ghost was a monster which was most foul in its orign and in its succession, and which met with a most disgraceful end. This illustration is another proof of Mr. Punch's cleverness; but upon consideration we do not believe that he has done anything in this instance to assuage Mr. Parkes's grief at the loss of "his ghost," or to make amends to that gentleman for the numerous caustic applications he laid upon his harrassed soul. Mr. HUGH RAWSON, Vice-president of the Melbourne Catholic Young Men's Society, was on Monday last presented by his fellowemploy&F;, with a handsome colonial-gold chain and cross, as a token of their respect and esteem. Mr. Hanson has been for some years in tbe employment of Messrs. Robertson and Moffat, during which time he enjoyed tbe good-will of all in .business intercourse with him. The presentation was made on the occasion of Mr. Hanson's leaving the firm by whom he has been so long - engaged, and before proceeding to Kynetou, where he intends opening a large drapery establishment* We wish him success , in his enterprise. 