A GHOST ' STORY. From the Manning Times. The following is founded upon fact, and hav ing never before appeared in print, may serve to amuse our readers : — . ' Having been reared within the walls and precincts of what once formed the home of a race of feudal nobles, or fierce barons, whose excessive violence had more than once led to deeds of blood; and being well primed in mv early days by nursemaids, tind superstitious ola women, with all the ancient traditions of the locality, relating to ghosts, and their visi tations on some special criauds, to discover a murder — procure restitution to the widow and orphan of goods unjustly withheld — to point out the hiding-place of some golden treasure — buried plate — title deeds — or bones that could not rest until taken up and deposi ted in consecrated ground ; which traditions were more easily and deeply impressed by the purple marks, in the marble stones, forming the floor of the large hall, said to be left there by the streams of human gore that had been slied upon 'them j and the midnight orgies of an host of rats which revelled:bvcrhcad amid the debris, of crumbling bricks and mortar; it was no ' wonder that for many years, the thoughts of these spiritual visitants should sometimes, under favourable circumstances, occupy a prominent position in my mind. I have no doubt that reason had been called in upon the subject more than once. Nay, I have paced alone in tho darkness of the mid night hour the villago churchyard — not with out fear — but to overcome it, or stand the test :of seeing what before I had only heard of. Once I allow, my bravery was severely shaken, when from behind a gravestone came a mighty rush of a thing in white, with a great maw haw ! which resounded all around, and echoed, and re-echoed from, the time-worn walls of the old Norman fane, standing in the midst of the sepulchres of the dead. I felt ? myself strangely stiffened — there was a promiuence of oyeballs quite unusual, aud a certain bristling beneath my hat, as though I had been fully charged with electricity.^- ? If I wished anything at all, it must have been that I was anywhere but where I was. After a few moments of amazement and a collection of scattered senses, I discovered, to my groat satisfaction and release from anxiety, that the cause of my alarm was only a calf, equally alarmed with myself, which instantly sef, me to ponder, as to which was the greatest calf of the two, and brought me to a conclusion, that ghosts were more easily imagined than found. Soon after that, about nineteen years ago, I found myself located all alone in a five-roomed cottage, iu the quiet little village of C ? -, situated about one hundred and thirty miles from West Maitland. Scarcely had I been- settled a week in my new home, far away from the scenes of iny youth in the old country, and where there was little to re mind me of the traditions of old, when I was informed, I believe with the best intention, that a short time previous to my arrival, a certain quasi Dr. Nicolls, who had indulged him self so freely in the good things of this life, that they ceased to afford' him a pleasure, and contrived, with the aid of a bottle of poison, to make his exit to an un known region, but was supposed to return to this lower world - on certain occasions, to see how matter's were going ; and so all due in quiry was made, as to whether I felt myself aoio tor an interview witn tlie ghostly visitor. I soon satisfied my informant that I had not the least objection to meet, his ghostship, being desirous to satisfy my purpsity in things so. curious; but doubting whether it might not suggest itself at some time or othor to the boys of the village to play some strange pranks with a stranger, I took every precaution to assure myself that I was the only inmato of the cottage, and that the open ings woro all well secured before I retired to the stretcher, which I had placed in the very' same spot where my predecessor in the tenant line had left what ho couldn't take with him, which . was about all he possessed iu . tho world, if we except some old shelves, formed out of the remains of red gin cases, which he hud ? previously ransacked, and a few empty bottles, by the aid of which it is possible he had ransacked tho stomachs and pockets of his patients. Well, thinks I, if Mr. Nicolls wants me, he's sure to find me, and I thought little more' about him. One night — a dark night, too— after my usual precautions, . 1 retired to iny stretcher, put out my light, and believed in - no trouble, beyond the interrup tions of some stealthy little . creatures which . are apt to visit bachelors' beds by night— I fell asleep j ! but at that dread hour, when ghosts are said to wander — . , - ? : ??? L... :««i started like a guilty thing,* :. ' .- ?;..'/ ? Upou a fearful auuimons.' , , ' A most unearthly noise assailed me, a whist,' a groan — a rolling of some heavy substance, round .and' round the house,: from one .'room to another. At first, I thought of night-' mare, or some horrid dream. X raised myself erect, to rouse my dormant senses — but there it Wiis — with its whist ! and groan ! and heavy lumbering round and round. There I sat iu wonder aud amazement wild. — Had the candle been lighted, it must have turned blue. — The dog — had I possessed one, would liave looked as though he saw something. But where had it come from 1 Down the chimney 1 Or through the key-hole?, Or had it opened for itself some.subterraneous passage 1 No doubt I should have settled this . question in some way or other,, had it not been that .whilst in tho midst of the difficulty the very substance of it found its way into my room. Oh ! hor rible I— How shall I relate it? What I thought, and what I felt ! — no words can com pass. I was all alone — in thick darkness — in the very spot in which.- the., poor remains of a suicide had been discovered. At last I sum med up courage to sit upon my stretcher, re solving not to attack, until attacked — not to interfere whilst left alone. This I endured for about two hours or more, — then all was still. I lay my head on a sleepless pillow, looking for the dawn of day; and never did tedious moments pass away more tediously. The welcome dawn arrives — I take a cautious look arouud the room, and then beneath the bed, before 1 ventured on the floor. Nothing was there — the door was just ajar. 1 quickly dressed, then, carefully peeped into the room buyond, expecting to behold some dreaded scene, but all was clear and quiot there. Room after room I search, but neither trace nor relic of my visitor was left behind. Doors were locked, and windows safely fastened. A survey of the outside was taken next, but all in vain, no trace of his footsteps there. And so I came to a belief that I had not seen, but heard a ghost. Many were the cogitations that hurried swiftly through my poor bewild ered brain. The breakfast is prepared, but there's the milk jug wanting. The old brown jug, that Toby Philpot would havo praised — borrowed from a neighbour; I placed it safely in the Doctor's shelves — but, now, its gone. — No one has been here besides the ghost — and, surely, he could have no use for such a vessel in the place where he is gone? — would never wander out at such untimely hours disturbing people's rest, to carry off an old brown jug 1 Well, there's the mystery — the ghost. was heard — the jug is gone — now solve it as you can. The jug was borrowed from a neighbour ; a good old friendly dame ; to her I told my story. She soon explained it in her way, whieh was as follows : — ' Ah, you rogue] you've broken myj'lg» aild hatched a story to excuse your fault.' Well, this might do for her, but not for me. I resolved that I had heard a ghost — a dishonest ghost, that had stolen the old brown jug. Three months passed on without another clue to this mysterious affair ; when, one day, as I moved a table that had been placed somewhat obliquely up against a wall to form a writing-desk, down came the old brown jug; — the mystery was solved. A cat came down the chimney, found the jug half full of milk, put her head into it to swallow the contents, but could not pull it out again. With the jug upon her head, from the shelf to the ground she leaped : she rolled it round and round the house, whisting and groaning at the misery to which she was reduced, until, by chance, getting backwards, between the table and the slabs, the jug being too large to follow, stuck fast between the table-leg and slabs of the cottage wall, and was hidden from ordinary view by the table top, until, upon the table being moved, it fell from its hiding place. The circumstances trauspired in such . a manner that it was impossible to account for ? them as long as the jug was missing— the cat haying escaped from the house by the same way that she came in, viz., by tho chimney, and thus a kind of bugbear might have been left upon the mind for ever, for the want of a single link missing in the investigation. So now I have concluded, that whatever others may have seen, I have never either heard or seen a ghost ; and I believe, there is , many another ghost would prove to be, if known, as harmless and as fanciful as mine. 