CURRENT TOPICS. The formal starting of the works at the claim of the Galatea Company, Darriwil, will take place to-day, at noon. It is anticipated that there will he a large number' of the shareholders present, and in expectation of this conveyances have been arranged for and will start from the company's, office at half-past seven.o'clock, this morning. The reports from the claim continue very satisfactory, and as a con- ■ sequence shares are in demand. A meeting of the Provisional Committee of the Geelong Meat Preserving Company was held at Mack's-Hotel yesterday after noon. Present—Messrs C. J. Dennys (in the' chair), A. - Rutherford, A. M. Camp hell, A. S. Robertson, Jno. Wilson, Gel latly, J. D.. Robinson, Gillespie, Young, Brearley, Cullen, and Haworth. The names of Messrs A. S. Robertson, Young, Gillespie, Cullen, and Haworth were added to the Committee. A Sub-Committee was appointed to draw up and issue a prospec tus, the capital of this Company being fixed at £15,000. A meeting of members of the Corio Cricket Club has been convened for this afternoon for the purpose of considering the advisability of holding an athletic sports meeting in the cricket ground^ Taking the attendance at the Highton sports as a criterion, we do not think that whoever may be appointed as a commit tee of management, will have any cause to fear any want of patrouage, provided the weather is fine and the prize list a liberal one. It is to he hoped there will be a full attendance at this day's meeting, and that no time will be lost in getting off the sports, as a large sum of money will have to he expended on the ground be ' fore it will be anything like fit for cricket. Arrangements were made at the meeting of the South Barwon Council yesterday for the forthcoming annual municipal elec tions, the retiring councillors Messrs, AUcock, Benari, and lleid all announcing their intention of offering themselves for re-election, and these announcements were j received with marks of approbation from [ the other councillors. There is a rumor to the effect that Mr. J. Ilighett will he in duced to become a candidate, hut we hardly think this at all likely. The magistrates at the Central Police Court ycstciday were the Mayor, and Messrs Burrow, Weekes, and Belcher. William Grant was charged with wilfully damaging the door of a house occupied by Catharine Burgess, in Ashby. The prose cutrix proved that, during the previous night the prisoner came to her house drunk and asked admittance. She refused and he became very violent ultimately kicking the door in. He was fined 10s, and 10a damages in default, three days' imprison ment. M. Clancby v A. Bosseull, £11 for board and lodging. Order for amount and 6s costs. W. Birttcs v W. Carr. This was complaint for an assault, and defendant was fined 10s and 4s costs, or in default, threee days' imprisonment. W. Watts v Seymour £2 7s, order for amount and 2s Gd costs. John Gray v A. Walsh. For illegally detaining a horse value £10. It was objected that a horse was not goods within the meaning of the act, and the case was dismissed, the bench being of opinion that it was a case in trover for the County Court. The mayor of South Barwon, at the meeting of the Council yesterday when speaking upon the subject of the petition ; presented from the ratepayers for the com-' plction of the Barwouside Road till it joins that leading to Mount Colitc, stated that it was " a private road.' This is an error, as it is a government road leading to the river that requires finishing. We have received the balance sheet of the United Sabbath School Teachers' Aseo Nation iu connection with the entertainment given for the amusement of the childrennt the Industrial School, and by it we perceive that the total receipts hare been from the 1st of June, 18G7, to the 30th June, 1869, £,28 17s 6(1. The expenditure during the same period being £26 2s id. There is a balance due to the treasurer of £2 8s 9d, but the sum in hand is only 6s Sd. As the association propose to continue giving these entertainments, which we need hardly state are sources of delight to the unfortunate children, it has]been determined to canvass the town for "subscriptions, the collectors being Messrs Upton and lVhitelaw; these two gentlemen will commence their task this day, .when we sincerely hope they, will meet with a liberal response from . the public. j By an advertisement in another column it will be observed that to-day is the last day. for receiving applications for shares in the Tookey Quartz Company,' Thames River, New Zealand. Mr - Charles Stallard, brother of Mr Stallard, of Geelong, died suddenly at Ballarat, , yesterday morning. The deceased was, at several places of pub lic, resort on' Saturday evening, and. ap peared in good spirits. It is supposed that the rupture of a blood vessel was the cause of death. The magistrates in attendance at the Newtown Police Court yesterday were Messrs Champion, Macfarlane, and Car micbncl, and the only business transacted was the fining of one Lenon Is and 5s casts for allowing his pig to be at large. At the meeting of the Geelong Young Men's Association, Mr Story read an essay on the sewing machine, dwelling on' the early struggles of Howe, its inventor. After a debate on the essay, several dis- ! cussions arose on the business connected ! •with the internal working of the association ' and the meeting broke up at an early hour in the usual way. Xotwithwistandihg the superior attrac tions offered by the entertainment in the Mechanics' " Institute, there * was a good attendance at the Temperance Hall, where an unusually good programme was dis cussed. Mr Stitt Jenkins occupied the chair, and every reader did his best to 'amuse, Mr J. G. Carr being particularly successful. The concert given by the newly fonnedj. German Musical Society at the 'Mechanics' Institute last evening, attracted one of' the largest audiences any' public entertainment given in the hall has assembled together lor some time. The house was filled well in all parts without exception. Even the reserved seats ordinarily but meagrely sup ported, were crowded, while the middle and back' portions of the hall must have been positively uncomfortable.. The hospital is likely to receive very substantial benefit front the concert, for there could not have been less than £50 or £60 in the house. As to the concert itself we cannot injustice say. that it has realized all ex pectations. In the first place allowances must undoubtedly ' be made for a new society organised only within the last few weeks, and secondly owing to the sudden indisposition of Mrs Langhorne and Mrs G. Bartlett, it was shorn of some of its principal attractions. The double quartette singing of the members of ,the society was not of the character that was expected, and showed that they required much more practice together. The last item on the programme, " Friscli gange compagnic," was the best they sang, but this was much mote simple than the others. The as sistance of Miss Staff, of Melbourne, made the entertainment more pleasing than it would have been otherwise. .In fact, so much was this the case that a wag pro pounded the riddle,-Why is the German Musical Society like' an old man ?' and answered it himself by saying, "Because they-would have got on but poorly without their staff." Miss Staff certainly pos sesses a most pleasing soprano of full compass, and apparently well under' control. The young lady was at once on good, terms with her audienee, and sang so well tliat every effort of hers was followed by a general demand for a repetition. The songs, "Tell me my heart," and "Bib me dis course," by Sir Herny Bishop, and the selection, ".Ernani involami" from Yerdi's opera "Ernani," were all rendered with unmistakable ability.* Mr Levicn was in far better voice than when he last sang in Geclong, and the song, " As in the cup the bead Hies up," .was sang with spirit and effort. -Mrs Bartlett was able to sing in the latter part of the evening the duett, " Greeting," with Miss Staff, and in this she was exceedingly good, her voice har monising well with the clear soprano. Wc have heard Mr Down sing far better than he did last night when'he gave the well known, "When other lips," with an ac companiment by the band. The greatest success of the evening, however, was Mrs Xupton's hnrp solo. As an accomplished harpist, this lady certainly has no equal in Geclong, and this she proved to a demonstation last evening. The harpis an instrument capable of being made to do wonders. The charm of the. music it evolves is irresistible. Such was the case last evening, when the exquisite strains of the wires under the skilful touch of the player sounded through the hall, and created an almost breathless silence. So greatly was the audience taken with the music that twice Mrs Lupton was ushered in to repeat her performance. An other very interesting feature was the recita tion of Poe's extraordinary poem, " The Bells," by Mr Lupton, with a pianoforte ac companiment by Mr Ascherbarg. A fter Mr Montgomery's masterly and indeed perfect reading of this remarkable poem, it will be understood that Mr Lupton had much to conlend against in knowing that his auilicnce bad heard the pOOIU rCild by the greatest master of it in the world probably. Nevertheless he succeeded in carrying the audience with him, and was listened to with perfect still ness an essential to the proper reading of the poem. Mr Lnpton's voice ■ is well suited to the two first verses, but he is hardly able to impart the harshness requi site in the third or the deep solemnity ne cessary in the fourth verse. The aceom« paniemferit had a very pleasing effect, ' and as the poem was read with taste the per formance was altogether- an excellent "one. We must not omit to mention that "Mr Walker gave a clarionet solo in the accomp lished style-usual to him, and Mr Thomas in two violoncello and pianoforte duetts, with Mr Ascherberg also succeeded ad mirably. The number of passengers who travelled, on the Victorian railways during the week ending the 8 th instant was 13,1081, as compared with 11,8801 in the corresponding week of 1808. The aggregate amount to. the date mentioned is £304,261 9s 5d. as compared witir £297,420 5s lid for the corresponding portion of last year, the weekly average being £10,86? 9s 7d, as £10,022 7s 4d last year. Wo regret our allusion to the difference that existed between the handicappers of the I-lighton Sports with reference to the handicapping of E. Wills in the 150 yards race should have given offence to one of the gentlemen who acted as a handicapper, hut might state the difference was publicly alluded to on the course, and therefore he came public property. It would have been better, however, if the subject had not been mentioned, as we are fully aware how diffi cult is the duty gentlemen who give their services as handicappers have to perform. Our Break o'Day correspondent writes: —A nice little game has recently been parried on here by two -men named Blackett and Coutes, who belong to what is known as tjie road party. Not content with working at their own claim during the day, they haye at night been amusing themselves by fossicking about in the old workings of the Break o'Day Company. It. appears the manager of the latter company' got wind of the affair and' sent for the lloUcwood police, who, setting a watch, caught the two men at their fossicking at 11.30 p.m. They were taken to the lioke wood camp, and on the following day they were refused bail by Mr John Elder, J.T. On Saturday application was made to Mr Thomas Russell, who allowed them bail in £400, two sureties of £100 each, and them-1 selves in £200. This event has created no' little degree of excitement, some urging (bat the charge is felony, others again maintaining that they can only be prose cuted for trespass. " Mr French is the bar rister for the Break o'Day Company, and the load part}', I believe, are endeavouring to secure MrM'Dermott for the defence, so that \VC shall have quite a field-day at our Police Court. It appears that when they were caught one 'was washing in a tub, the other getting the dirt and carrying it in a bag, about £8 10s worth of gold being found on their persons, and gold to he plainly seen where their tools were found. The Bendigo Advertiser reports a fatal accident to a borough councillor :—On Sa turda night while the Inglewood coach was coming towards Sandhurst, and when near the Quartz Miners' Arms one of the pas sengers—Councillor Clark of Inglewood, and who, it is said, was under the influence of liquor—fell off, and sustained such inju ries that Dr Boyd had to he sent'for. lie recommended his immediate removal to the hospital and deceased was taken there, but on examination it was found that he was dead,; that his spine was broken, which was probably, the cause of death. By the last issue of the Government Gazette ;we notice that Lieut. J. L. Price, of the 2nd G.eclong Artillery, has been promoted to the rank of Brevet- Captain. Building improvements are still being carried on at the Barwon Bridge, Mr M'Sweeney being engaged in building a new hotel. A fine young wild pig, 75lb wfcight, was caught a few days since by Mr Heimes on the banks of- the Goulburn, above Alexan dra. In a thick scrub Mr Heimes counted seven wild pigs, amongst them (says the Times) was a large boar about 3 CWt. A telegram in the Brisbane Courier states that Sub-Inspector Lloyd has found Halligan's revolver, and a parcel containing' 18 ounces gold, concealed in a tree in the scrub near where Palmer was arrested. During the present fine evenings the planet. Venus forms a resplendent and very conspicuous object in the western horizon; at the same time Saturn, with his rings, is in excellent position for astronomical obser vation, being in . the zenith about 7 or 8 o'clock. .The early morning sky is illu mined by the planet Jupiter. The Fine Arts Exhibition is to be opened at Ballarat, to-morrow, by his Excellency, who will travel by special train, reaching its destination at half-past twelve. The B. Y.- Hangers will form a guard of honor to receive his Excellency, who has also been invited to a banquet in the evening by the two local Borough Councils. The Mount Gambier Standard supplies the following:—"What may happen, &c.; —Without mentioning any names, we will ask our readers to imagine to themselves the following circumstances :—A young man in Mount Gambier, flushed with all the toys of the first day of his married life, passing it in every available pleasure ; pro ceeding to another township in the evening to wind up with appropriate festivities the first day with some of his newly-made re lations. While there, endeavoring by illegal, as well ' as immoral means to obtain some hay for his horse, caught in the act by the owner, safely lodged in " durance vile," and there Spending the first night of the honeymoon. The next morning, little refreshed by his night's lodging, brought before a J.P., tried, and acquitted; while his newly made and terror stricken young wife has sought a temporary home among her relations. Such an occurrence has certainly taken place within the last few days, in this neighbourhood, and as. it does not occur to every man to pass through such an ordeal within the first twenty- four hours of his married life, ' we chronicle it as a warning to others. , The Wangaratta correspondent of the Ovens Spectator writesAmongst the passengers who passed: through here on Friday (by-the-way, the coach was not in till 3 o'clock) were a man and woman who had travelled from Melbourne to Benalla in a spring-cart, and who, on their journey, had been doing a little business on their own account, in the way of stripping clothes-lines. At Benalla they stripped four, but shortly afterwards, when they came near Glenrowan, they came to grief, for Constable M'Guirk, who was returning from Benalla to Wangaratta, came across the place where they were camped, and saw some of the stolen articles hanging 'out. He made, them turn out the contents of their cart, and found nearly all the missing articles. He then marched them back to Benalla, where the presiding magistrate kindly sent them to Beechworth Gaol for six months, board and lodging gratis. We take the following from the West Coast Times, as another terrible instance of the results of intoxication:—" Ellen M'ifaraara resided at the corner of Bealey and Stafford streets, and about noon on Saturday was seen to go into her house intoxicated.' At half-past 9 o'clock at night a neighbor finding the door was ajar, and seeing no light, thought something was the matter, and looked in. At first he noticed nothing, and was about to turn away when something attracted .his attention.' He went to the bed and found the poor woman was dead. She was lying on the bed and partly between the wall and the bottom of the bed, her head'and shoulders being on the floor. The police were sent for, but life had been extinct for some time, the body'being quite cold. The, belief is that the deceased, in attempting to lie on the bed, overbalanced herself, and being drunk was unable to extricate herself. She had evidently been suffocated, the face and neck being quite black when the body was found. The Learmontli correspondent of the Ballanit Star writes " The crops in this district arc looking very promising, a more favorable season not having' been expe-t rienced for the past five years, and even on inferior lands a marked improvement is'to be. observed as contrasted with former years. The farmers are free from the numerous pests which infest other agricul tural districts in the colony, for in this dis trict; there are no rabbits to speak of, and though the grub has put in au appearance on some farms it has not spread, and the present month terminating its existence, no serious injury from its ravages is contem plated.' The iron weed which has cropped up •within the last few years appears to take strong hold on some lands, and is difficult of extermination. Three farmers, to my own knowledge, have been obliged to plough up their crops on its account. Their is no sign of the take-all. The greater proportion of tlie crops laid down this season is wheat. Oats, which have proved a fail ure during the last three years, look exceed ingly well, and a large yield is looked for. There has been no, increase in the quantity of barley sown, bat what there is, from its appearance, promises to be remunerative; Rye, after many trials, has proved a fail ure,, and is riot likely to receive further attention. Fencing in this district will ere long form a matter for discussion among the farmers, but I do not think' they will fall in with the views expressed in the ex tracts froin the .Economist'and Farmers' Guide, contained in your agricultural report on Friday. The thorny acacia, whitethorn, and other plants have been tried, but have not beeh found to answer. Xow.that tim-. her is becoming too scarce and expensive to renew the old three-railed fences, it is' tfje' general belief that wire-fences 'will, 'in future, be adopted as being the most eco nomical, durable, and neat in appearance." The Bendigo Independent reports'the following painful glimpse of the night side of life in Sandhurst:—" On Thursday morning at two o'clock, some persons re siding in Barnard-street were cawed up by a little girl, who said that her mother had been confined, and was dying. Oil hasten ing to the place close by, a one-roomed house, eight feet by ten feet, a poor woman just confined was found lying on a bundle of rags, tlicir being neither candle nor food of any kind in tile place. As soon as a light was procured, a deplorable State of things met the neighboring woman's eyes. There were six children huddled together _ with the mother on one bed. In answer I to inquiries, the poor woman said she had been day nftcr day expecting a remittance from her husband at Ballarat, and she did not wish to be a burden on charity. The necessary midwifery having been performed, some gruel was taken in, when the children all made li rush for it—they were starving. The habitually reserved, manner of the mother did not lead the neighbors to sup pose she was in want, hence their non-in terference. At daylight a message was sent to a lady living near, on the supposi tion that she was a member of the Ladles' Benevolent Society. She came at once, and afforded immediate comfort to the dis tressed woman; but regretted that she was not a member of the society. The lady, however, sent at once to a member, who forwarded clothes and food soon after wards." The Government astronomer reports the weather at the begining of last week was dull; • from the 12th to the 15th fine and very mild; cold the remainder. Light rain showers fell on the 11th, 15th, 10th, and 13th, amounting to OTOin, making the total rainfall since'1st January 10-05in, as compared with an average of 12T3in for. the same period during the last eleven years. The prevailing direction of. the wind was from the north until the 15th, when it yecrcd round to west, iritn Heavy squalls. The. highest temperature in the shade, - G4'6 =, was recorded oh the 13th 5 .the lowest, 35;9 0, on the early morning of the 17th. The highest reading of the baro meter, 30*412in, occured on the 17th dur ing almost a calm; the lowest, 29'890in, on the 11th, with a fresh northerly breeze. . The Ballarat Star reports that Saturday night was the coldest that we have had.-1 tli?s winter. . In many places on Sunday \ morning ice could be seen for a long time after sunrise, and the ground was quite hard in places sheltered from the sun even up to eleven o'clock. Pumps in exposed places were found to be frozen, and hot water had to be poured overtliem before they could begot to work. , . 'The Mount Gambicr Standard contri butes tile following:—"A. .gentleman' rc-' siding in this town has supplied us with tile .-; particulars of a somewhat singular snake story, as ' the last of the Reason.' • A few mornings since, his little girl informed her mamma that she had dreamed of a snake having bitten her during the night. Little notice was taken of this simple communica- ... tion, but shortly afterwards, as the servant was engaged at her work in the parlor, she discovered a live shake! ensconced beneath the hearthrug. The master of the house — I was, of course, at once, called , to the spot, ... and with the help.of a spade his snakeship was speedily disposed .of. The reptile was about two feet .long. It is supposed to have been concealed hi a log of wood car ried into the fireplace of the room where it was discovered. What about prophetic dreams and the ' second sight' theory ?" The following appears in the Tasmanian Times of the 14th inst.—" John Donellan. Balfe, J.P.. M'.II.A., was charged yesterday with insulting passers-by, under a byelaw of the city council, which renders offenders • liable to a penalty, of £10 or'fourteen days* imprisonment. The complainant, Mr B.s T Coglilan-Yates, expressed his willingness to withdraw the charge if the defendant would express his regret for the violation of the city laws, and pay the costs of the , infoimation. Mr Balfe declined this sug gestion, and in the absence of- any sort of defence to the charge, which was substan tiated by the uncontradicted testimony of the complainant, endeavored to revenge himself for the impending conviction by the most violent and insulting abuse of the complainant and the bench, .which very properly stopped a most improper and quite unjustifiable course of cross-examination. The bench inflicted a fine of £1 and costs, or seven days hard labor. Mr Yates stated that he had laid the information entirely on public grounds, and asked the bench, to observe that the defendant was at once a lawmaker and an adminis trator of the law, beiug a member of the Legislature and a magistrate of the tcrri torj'. He might have added that he is also, or has been for many years, a public jour- : nalist. In all those capacities Mr'.Balfe . must have learned long ago that the Con duct with which he was charged was highly Offensive to decency, and a gross breach of . the law. When we call to mind that mem- ■' bers of - the Legislature '.enjoy, under the protection of a special act, the privilege of unlimited abuse and safe insult of all and sundry their personal enemies during the session, it is not too muclrto expect that when Parliament is not sitting they should put a severe restraint upon their tendency to Billingsgate. The police court of Hobart Town lias-seldom witnessed—and Ave ;trust will not soon again witness—so disgraceful an exhibition as that presented yesterday, by a magistrate and a member of Parlia ment mulcted in a fine with the alternative - of imprisonment on a charge of abusive, language in the public streets, aggravated by an" insolence of demeanor and unbridled licence of speech, contempt of court and outrage upon decency, to which even the annals of colonial Legislatures would fail 'to supply a parallel for coarseness, viru lence, libellous abuse, and utterly indefen sible and baseless imputations." - "VVc observe, that the .ship Punjaub, at the Sandridge Pier,, lias shipped her com plement of horses, 101, for India, and will' sail early! The Francis Thorpe will take the place at the pier, rendered vacant by the Punjaub, also to sliip horses for the Indian market. It is to be hoped that the grooms proceeding to India.m these vessels will take warning by what, has,been so emphatically said, and secure such terms of engagement as' will prevent them from lapsing into poverty, a burthen to strangers. and a scandal to us. ' .■ The charge against Mr Allen, manager of the Park Company, was heard at the Ballarat Police Court, on Saturday, and resulted in the committal of the accused for trial. From a local'paper we learn that Mr \llcn, during the 'examination, was allowed to stand on the floor of the court, and seemed to feel the .indignity of a criminal prosecution acutely.":. There ap- ■ pears to have been no foundation, for the statement that Mrs Allen offered 'some op position to the; search by the police after concealed gold. ; " The lovers of velocipedes, says the Argus, will be glad to learn that there.will shortly be a machine of anew description sub mitted to public favor. It is a unicycle, differing altogether from the one recently patented, which was meant to carry one x man inside, inasmuch as it is intended to carry two-men outside at the rate of some tiling like sixteen miles an hour on a mode rately level bush track or macadamised road. It consists of a single wheel seven feet in diameter,, with a seat and winch attached ; to the centre "on each side of the Wheel.. The weight of the whole concern will not " be more tlian 60lb or 70lb- To turn the wheel once in something less than a second is considered"' moderately easy work, and as every turn advances twenty-one feet, this will get over a mile in-a.trifle less than four minutes, or fifteen to sixteen miles an hour. The invention is not new, hut is copied from an English patent taken out • some fifteen years ago, which, probably like a good many inventions, was thrown aside as premature. With the machine as then constructed, which weighed nearly 90lb, it is stated in the Year Book ofPacts that "two persons can travel at-the rate of sixteen miles an hour, and that so little are the legs called into play—the. body being kept at ease, and supported, by padded cushions—that the fatigue, of working the carriage sixteen miles is not so great as that of walking four miles.". ' The mode of guiding the wheel is the same'as a person skating. The drivers lean to the side required, and this brings the wheel round in the same way as a boy turns a hoop. To balance two persons of different weights, the seat of the lighter party is moved further from the centre. The idea bears a singular resemblance to that illustrated by Mr Dyer's single-line railway. The Mercury reports as follows respect-' ing the earthquake in the Hunter district. "It will he remembered that soon after the earthquake of last year it was reported to us, and published at the time, that some peculiar evidence of its power remained in the gullies of the mountains about the Paterson. Our informant of last year, Mr C. 11. Middleton, who desires by the publication of his name to support the veracity of the statement, now tells US that within two miles of the Pateraoa township, among the mountains, hundreds," and even thousands of tons of stone have been thrown down, rent asunder, and other wise marked by the progress of some mighty convulsion. Mr Middlcton says the scene is well worth a visit, and professes himself willing-to act as a guide to any gentlemen who may be curious to inspect what, front the description given of it, must be a most remarkable instance of explosive power. A sufferer at Ballarat thus complains of a local contemporary:—" I crave a small 5* £ pace of your columns to complain of "the • ^damage done by the Ballarat Hunt Club by riding over people's land and breaking down the fences in the manner tliej' do without repairing them, for there is not a day they turn out that they do not leave their trail behind them in the shape of broken fences, putting the owners to the expense of repairing them, or stand the risk of losing their cattle. Only last Sunday I, as well as some of my neighbours, had to mend our fences or lose our cattle. The club pretend to send a man to repair da mages, but in many instances it is not done at all, and when he does go round it is ge nerally two or three days after the hunt, and by that time cattle would have strayed miles. Is there no way of putting a stop to it, or of making the club pay ex penses?" The Beaufort Chronicle states:—A con siderable number of cattle have died lately in this locality. The animals attacked seem to suffer first in their feet, and soon becoming unable to stand perish miserably. Several have been placed under treatment in slings, hut in no case has a recovery followed. Strange to say, up to nearly the last the poor animals eat with accustomed relish. We observe by the Tarrcngower Times that a similar complaint has been fatally prevalent in the vicinity of Maldon. The Pleasant Creek Hews reports:— Accounts from the north inform us that owing to the rains which have fallen this season, there is every likelihood of a good summer's grass. The feed comparatively speaking is now good, and it is expected that the clip will turn out of first-class quality. There have been no heavy rains upon the Wimmera during the last season, hut gentle "growing" rains, however, have been, numerous, and although many of the settlers dams are almost empty, yet the grass lands have reaped a good deal of benefit. The Hew Zealand mail steamers bring immense bundles of papers, the latest date being the 10th of July, but of such news as would interest Victorian readers there is a veiy scanty supply. A Wellington journal states that -Mrs Heir is preparing to return to Melbourne. Dunedin papers mention the sudden death from heart disease of Mr D'Arcy JIaggit, senior, the solicitor, for merly a resident in this colony. The remuneration for shearing in the principal sheds of Sonthern Iliverina (says the Pastoral Times), is to be 17s Gd per hundred, and as an ordinary good operator can shear sixty sheep a da\', or 360 per week, he will receive thus upwards of A3 per week ; a first-class shearer can cam £4 10s per week. A large proportion of the shearers will probably consist of small farmers from the agricultural districts of Albury, Kilmore, and Kyneton, who will, in their conveyances, carry their principal rations with them, leaving nothing but j meat for the operators to buy from the wool growers. Tens of thousands of pounds of the shearing money will be thus spent on seed wheat, barley, and oats, and in im proving the agricultural lands and habitn tations of the small struggling freeholders. In spite of the miserable shifts which some of our stump orators and patriots are put to, who will have it that the squatters occu pying large runs are enemies to the settlers I on small freeholds, there are hundreds of | the latter who know to the contrary, We shall welcome the industrious small settlers as they descend from the agricultural coun try to the plains, or as they come into | liiverina across the Murray from Victoria, to shear our sheep. We don't want the loafer, nor do the men at the sheds require liim. The 5. 31. Herald of the 15th instant states:—"By the outgoing mail Messrs Flavelle Brothers and Roberts, of George street, are transmitting to London a parcel of diamonds found in Hew South Wales— ] twenty stones weighing nine carats 5 being, it is believed, the first shipment of any consequence of diamonds from Sydney to England. Some of these stones are appa rently of a veiy pure water and of a good size; one so large that it is expected it will cut to at least two carats. At the Victoria ] Club yesterday, Mr George Rouse, of Bir ragainbil, near Mudgec, exhibited to several j gentlemen nine fine diamonds, all found ] within 100 yards of his purchased land, and about 100 yards from the hanks of the Cudgedong. These diamonds were stated to have been the result of one day's care ful search. One of them weighed two and a half carats. At the same club, in the evening, Mr Thomas Hale also exhibited a very fine diamond, found about five months ago at Braidwocd. This beautiful gem weighed, en brat, nearly two and a half carats. It was sent home by Messrs Hardy ' Brothers, of Hunter-street; and having been admirably cut in London (in the form of what is known as a " table diamond") has been returned to this colony. This I fine gem, a diamond of the first water, now I weighs about one carat, and is understood j to be worth, in the trade, about £15 sterling. The Southern Cross supplies some in teresting particulars regarding the Thames j quartz mines—the successful claims:— "For some time previous to the end of April the. Long Drive claim, now a com pany, with a capital of £6000, 1200 shares of £5 each (£3 Gs 8d paid up), had been declaring good dividends. During May shares went up to £50, at which price II.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh and Lord Charles Beresford bought in. On the 8th June the same figure is reported as market price. On the 2nd July they are quoted at £150, and on the following day £1G0 would not purchase a single share. The deeper the ground is worked the richer is the stone. On the same hill are the All Hations, City of Glasgow, and other claims or companies, the properties of all of which are of enormous value. Shares in the All Nations claim, £10 cacl), have gone up during the past week to £23 7s Gd, at "Which price a parcel "was bought by a Mel bourne capitalist. One full shareholder a few days ago disposed of his GOO scrip for £12,000, being £20 per scrip. In the City of Glasgow, not long ago, £5 would have bought a share; now, as many thousands "Would not buy. The stone produced front these mines might he looked upon as the ore of gold, and the abundance of it is hardly to be credited. Another company, further up the hill, the Homeward Bound, has long been paying handsome dividends, and there are hut few shares to be got. They are £20 shares, £7 paid up, and at £180. A highly sensational announcement is very circumstantially made by the Diuiolly Express:—"AVe heard, on Thursday even ing, that Mrs Perry, formerly Mis-' Cross, who, with her husband, is living some where near Swan-hill, lias had poison ad ministered to her by a woman who attended her after her confinement, and who has been arrested on this charge, and another of killing a child some time since. In the case of Airs Perry, the consequences hap pily were not fatal, and she is, we are glad to hear, recovering from the effects. It is said she first had the poison administered to her some six weeks ago when she was very ill, and it was repeated a few days ■ since." The adjourned inquest to inquire into | the cause of the death of Elizabeth ,Smith, was held on Monday, at the Court-house, Cbiltern. Dr. ltonncr, the deputy coroner, presided. After hearing the cvi , dence, the jury returned the following verdict:—"That Elizabeth Smith died irom the effect of wounds which she believed to have been inflated by her husband, James Smith; and WC arc Of opinion that strong suspicion attaches to Joseph Eindsay. Oh examining the body, wc found various external marks of vio lence." The prisoners were committed to take their trial for" wilful murder at the next Circuit Court to he held at Beech worth on the 13th October. The following which' we takc from the | Northern Argus of the 5th instant 'would lead one to infer that Rockhampton cannot be a very pleasant place to live in:—Even day we are taught by bitter experience how the people of Itocldiampton are neglected by the government, how their property is left unprotected, and how even life itself, from the want of a sufficient police force is not worth a minute's purchase. The fright ful murder lately committed, the frequent cases of horse-stealing, the petty robberies which are committed on all hands, and the unrestrained manner in which rowdies walk the streets day and night, seem to make no impression upon the Brisbane government, who appear to think they per form their duties when they legislate for the South, and leave the North to take care ofitself as best it may. Unless additional constables be placed on, no one will be safe more especially as large bodies of men from the Southern diggings and towns are pas - ! sing through Rockhampton to Gilbert. No I decent woman now puts her foot out of I doors after seven o'clock without fear and trembling, and it is very evident that fe males will not attend the various places of | worship of an evening uniess protected , by their husbands, if steps arc not (aken to • make them feel that they will return home safely. On Satur day night a rape was committed; well, the Brisbane Government will hear of it; but what will they do ? They will shrug their shoulders and say, it is very shocking, that we must be in a sadly demoralized state, and then when asked to furnish proper police protection in order to correct that state, they will after the fashion of Sir Joshua Reyno]ds—lift their horns to their ears and take snuff—and quietly walk off to tiffin. From what we can gather it' appears that a respectable woman, the wife of a carrier, was in town on Saturday night, shopping, that on her return home to Blind Creek she observed a man follow ing her, and that when a short distance from her own house, the ruffian, who should be strung up on the first convenient gum-tree, caught hold of her, and, in spite of her screams and resistance, effected his diabolical purpose. The man is a stranger to the police, and it is to be hoped that he does not belong to the district. Had we a sufficient number of police or even a few mounted patrols on the roads leading from the town, this crime would not have been committed. Therefore, at whose door does the fault lie that it was ? We are happy to state that the villian is in custody. The following account of the new J brewery erected at Pleasant Creek by Sir 1 T. Powell, of Geelong, is supplied by the News:—We paid a visit to the newly erected brewery of Mr Powell, at Stawell, and were somewhat surprised to find every thing already in working order for the supply of customers. The building which is composed of hardwood throughout, and has a shingle roof, measures forty feet in length, or including the engine, and boiler house sixty feet. In width, the brewery is twenty-seven, while the side wall to eaves is twenty-one feet, rising to the gable ends to twenty-six. Above the ground floor, on which most of the heavy work is done, there are two floors of timber on the upper of which is a large vat where all liquor is heated by steam, prior to being used for brewing purposes. Almost imme diately below this on the first flooring stands the mash-tub, where the work at present is done by manual labour -and which in size is sufficient for the pi oduction of fifteen hogsheads per diem, although the only two brews yet completed, have been of but twelve hogsheads. After the wort has been run off, it is pumped by steam into a large copper boiler for the addition of the hops. Indeed all the actual labor beyond mashing appears to be done by the aid of | machinery,which powerisconveyedtbrough out the building by means of shafts and belting. Front the boiler the unformatted ale is run over one of AI'Kay's patent refrigerators into the coolers. The most | striking peculiarity of this patent is a saw like edge at the bottom of each pipe, J which has the effect or destroying the sheet like running of the liquid, aud forces the same to drip from pipe to pipe, each kept! cold by containing a running stream of water, and thus causing the cooling process to occupy a much smaller space of time than by the old fashioned mode of laying the refrigerator horizontally in the coo'er. "When a sufficiently low temperatuie has been gained the brew is run into the guile, in which the yeast for working the same is applied. This having been -successfully carried into effect the newly made beer is tunned for working and clarifying on the ground floor to he in readiness for con sumption. In the establishment now under notice the tunning is completed in hogsheads. The engine which does the heaviest work for the establishment is.of | 10-horse power, and is supplied with steam by a boiler 12 feet 6 inches in length,' 1 having a diameter of 4 feet 6 inches. To the present date only two brews have been completed, but although the first was only ] mashed on the 8th iust., some ale of first class quality has already been turned out, and affords another proof of the capabili ties of the many industries which arc | growing up iu the district. "We take the following from tbcBurrari gong Argus of the 10th instant; it reads remarkably " sensational," but it is treated of seriously by the journalist:—In these enlightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making tlicir appearance, hut the following state ment of what has befallen three respectable | men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hcax. The three men referred to are. splitting posts and rails for fencing at a j place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by _ seeing in the bush near their hut, a white object about the size of a cat, hut of no particular form. This extraordinary looking object suddenly, before their eyes, sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been re moved. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about, and they arc all quite sure that neither on this or the former occason was it a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes ftom a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumbfounded tlicin. An other night they were much surprised at 'seeing a strange, unearthly-looking animal somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain ■ attached to it. This animal came right 111 front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a-gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no ell'eet upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time.. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what*a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to he so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the satiic noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard I as if the plate was being licked by some I animal. On Sunday last these men came into Youiig, arid upon one of them return ing in the evening'he found that tlio-door of the hut had been pulled down and'its contents brought outside and left there. Two cut of the three men arc well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting then quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards fell a tree on him, and the murdered man's ghost to make its appear ance. . ~ ' The divers who haye-visited the steamer Taranaki, wrecked in Hew Zealand waters, describe the vessel as presenting a j eculiarly beautiful appearance. ,, Every particle of the ship is coverrd. with white coral, the ropes have been encrusted the 'thickness of a man's leg; the effect is both striking and novel, as the coral has the property of re flecting the light and illuminating the water, around the vessel, so that she can he dis tinctly seen in every part. Even the ropes as they lie coiled on; the deck, arc' all' covered with coral. The divers think that they can attach the rods for lifting the vessel in ahont a couple of hours. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes:—So, while , caglchawks are pouncing dosvn upon their I prey in " the small hours," you are threa tened with a flank movement in the same i direction by the WnrruamhoDl apostle in broad daylight, or, at all events, in the earlier hours of the evening. Somewhat singular that in Burnett's Old Tom you have the bane, and in Mat ' thew Burnett's self the antidote. Take I care of him, for if fame lie not, lie is prone to intemperance of speech by his vowels, seek though lie may to eradicate it in the matter of liquids. Whiskey hot may be put down, but will wisdom necessarily be whisked in to supply the uacuum ? Front all 1 have seen and heard of these people, I trow not. Might not Fallon's Shiraz or hermitage prove a more . potent auxiliary, to quelich. delirium tremens than even total abstinence itself? Strange is it, hut true is it, that where wines are cheap, wholesome, and plentiful, intem perance lifts not her head. Spasmodic teetotalism, to my weak intellect, seems scarcely less vicious than spasmodic re vivalism. And as I lived for some years in a part of England prone to revi valism, I had an opportunity of counting there results thereof, ■ and, judging.. by results, the young urchin with-the how was, in the course of a few months, shown to have been the real master of the situa tion ; and the records of the nearast court of petty sessions went singularly to verify the popular rumour.'. But, perhaps, Bur nett takes pr'ecautionaty measures to pre vent oyer friskness amongst his lambs. Let us hope so. 