HOME NEWS FROM A FRENCH rOINT OF VIEW. (FROM OUR OWN COItltESrONDENTy) PAIUS, 22nd May. ifor tlio last fortnight wo havo boon danoing on a volcano. Tho privileged public election meetings havo I ale o n placo, and no ono is sorry that thoy are ovor, Tho law demands that an interregnum of fivo dayj shall tako placo boforo tlio ballot commences two days arc proscribed for this oporation, so that on Monday ovoning next tho curtain will fall, and tlio now French Parliament will bo oh-otod, It U a long timo since Franco has witnessed so deadly a party strugglo -it is simply betwoon tho Revolutionary party backed up by tho Orloanists and Legitimists, and tho Empo ror, supported by modorato thinking men. Order and liberty with the Emperor, is tho cry from one campi revolution, and it« clmncos, that from tlio othor. Now, to tho mind of every roftoctivo man, what Franco first wants is security-order-and it is only tho strong arm of Napoloonism that can success fully givo this. Tho French want many liberties, onjoyod by Englishmen and Americans. No ono doilies their right to them, but many question thoir present fitness to poiter.s them, Behind tho untram mellod exercise of liborty in Franco, stalks revolution and all its horrors and excesses. Tho Emperor givos an instalment of liborty proportionate to tho d«serts of his subjects. To give *11 at onco and to bo forced to withdraw thom owing to abuse, would boa peril ous proceeding, and fatal to tho throno, as all French history proves. The Emperor is known to bo tho first Liberal in tlio empire; ho daily givoa evidences of hit anxiety to rank his subjects as freemen, worthy to bo freo, but ho hns to roapact tho fears of tlio "wise," as woll as tho follies of tho "bravo." "You desiro to be froo, but do not know how to be just," onco said tho Abbe Sioyos to his countrymen. During the last fiftoen days tho "Rods," or mountain party, rofusod to listen to any modorato candidate even tho raon who won for their., by thoir eloquonco, the limited liberty they at present possess. Like Saturn, tho revolutionists dovour thoir children. On two occasions tho mobs-for thoy wero nothing olso -burst into tho places of mooting, toro down rail ings, burst open doors, refused to bear the speakers they diftered from; and on gaining l'18 street they shouted soditious crios, chanted prohibiten] songs, vociferated for Revolution and a Kepublic, In tho street trees woro uprooted, stones diilodgod and thrown at tho police, railings torn down so that it bocamo necessary to clear the roadway with o&vnlry; whilo tlio polico charged tho sido paths. Ono inspector was left for doad from tho blow of a life preserver, and thirty policemen wero moro or lesa wounded. Upwards of 132 arrests woro inado, tho parties were being lodged in soparato cells-of this numbor fifty-six woro students, and ssveuty laboring men and artisans-tho threo-fourth3 of tho total being under twenty years of ago. So thus has ondod the playing at revolution, which frightenod so many persons out ot town. Tlio next clay tlio limperor, acoompaniod by an aido-clo- camp, drovo round in an opon carriago all tlio revolutionary quarters, which waj very plucky, In tho tinio of Louit Philippe tho proas wa» wont to sarcastically remark,-"The King has returned to tho Tuilorios from a ilriro and no attempt was mado on his lifo." It is not 10 with tho Emperor. Ho has done a groat deal for tho working classes-hao taught thom to mako and savo monoy, and the result of tho gonoral election will ho an overwhelming majority in his favor. Spain still occupies the most prominent pocition on tho continent. 'l'ho disorders are becoming moro frequont as the exceptional condition of things ij prolonged. Tho French Government has seized on tho frontier large consignments of arms, under the namo of agricultural implements, destined for tho Isabelliits. This is vary loyal towards Spain on the part of France.- But no one believes that lior ex Majesty has tho ghost of u chance of boiug restored. As for Don Carlos, ho iB still in Paris, mourning tho hopes that leave him lie has no monoy now, and what partisans ho has in Spain aro without a leader, and havo no military organisation. In the Cortos tho discussion on tho Constitution ii drawing to a close. Perfect religious equality has not boon voted, but then toleration has bean secured. Isabella's prayors do not appear to havo boon hoard. She had a " Mass" recently offered up in Paris for God to forgivo tho Deputies who wero going in for religious freedom. Tho form of Monarchical Government will bo voted, and tho King question laid asido for a timo. In the interim Serrano may likely bo invested with the powora of Regent, for which lie is peculiarly fitted, and Prim-the master spirit of Now Spain will continue to bs Minister of War, heing also President of tho Council. Prim has the wholo of the army with him-ho is brave and fat-oeeinu. He has quietly got rid of all colonels with a leaning to tho Bourbons. What Spain wants most now is a man of capacity and firmness, like Prim, to deal with tho finances. Tho exchoquer is empty-pillaged by the late rulers, who even discounted its future. This will be remedied by and bye. Cuba, that pearl of the Antilles, is not likoly to bo lost to tho mother country. America seems inclined to give up all piratical attempts against the island, since Franco and England have cxprossod their disapproval of the filibustering. Italy has had a change of Ministry, but of no moment. Slio has ceased to be an element of Euro pean disorder since Austria has como up again, with ronowed vigor, liko Antanis after touching the ground. At Rome His Holiness seems to speculate still in artillery, and these peacemakers daily prac tice along the Tiber. He dreads Mazzini moro than Garibaldi; but the Italian conspirator is at death's door; ho is sufroring from cancer in the stomach, can bear but little food, and smokes like n chimney some fifty cigars per day. Austria and Prussia are becoming civil towards each other; and Bismarck, seeing thoro is nothing for him to do in Southern Gormany for somo time, is about translating tho /Eneid into German. Outside of the olections, Paris has been very gay. The weather might have behaved itself hotter; hero wo aro in May and havo quito a wintry timo of it. The Prince and Princess ot Wales, and the Archduko Victor, brother of the Emperor of Austria, have been here and aro gono. Their reception was ovory whore markedly polite and. attentive-they " baskod in ovory pleasure,"-and wero tho obsorved of all observers at theatres, races, balls, dinners and re views. The Queen of England has invitod tlio Prince Imperial to visit her, and he intends going whon vacation timo arrives-about tho latter part of July. Tho Princess Metternich is tho wifo of tho Aiiifrian ambassador hare-not a handsome, but one of the wittiest and bost hearted women alivo-tho soul of ovory ball, public or privato. Tho Emperor of Austria desirous of showing his esteem for her, asked what favor ho could bestow on her, and it would bo immediately granted. "To forgivo your brother, tho Archduko Henry." It was aooorded. This archduko foil into disgrace for marrying an actross. whoso pretty faco was as irreproachable aa her virtue. The Empross, it is said, will postpone her journey to Jeruialem till next year. Some aay its oxpensive 11033, estimated at 1.100,000, is a cause; but the real reason appears to be that hor Majesty will^ ha*e enough to do in attending the fetes at Corsica, in honor of tho First Napoleon's centonary, a3 well as ononintr tho Suez canal. The Princess "Isabella Boauvau Oraon is sotno thirty years of ago, very handsome, and intelligent. She had a miserable homo, a harsh mother, and no sympathising friends. To occupy her time she took to travel, to study languagas, and got up all the "ologips." She was woalc on tho "spirits," who drained hor pursu; and being fond of horcea, was ofton taken in by tho dealer.*, Hho could haniilo her revolvor too; but then sho was an unprotected female. Woll, hor mother and soma relatives applied to the court to treat hor as a lunatic-in which caoo alio would bo shut up for life, and all h»r great fortune sro to hor mamma. She presented herself boforo tho judges, pleaded hor own cause, and with extraordinary ability and humor demolished the charge of lunacy. The ooui't decided itself to take charge of her; fortune, and to allow her LI,000 a yoar income. A very respectable widow has oomo to grief. She was pursued by the attentions of an old gentleman, and " rowing sho would ne'er consent," consented to marry him; nay, more, in a moment of weakness she permitted him to share tho ants- nuptial couch, send ing her servant homo for the night. Judge of tho woman's position to find her intended husband a hideous corpse in the morning by her side, and having I to rovoal the matter and hor own shame to the polico authorities.' " . Tho ex Queen of Spain purposes going to Bohemia to "drink tho waters." Her Majesty is not so stout as she was, sho boinjjat ono time u mountain of flesh, aud not an agreoable ono oithor to look at. Sho is, as ever, jjctivoly throwing herself into Parisian amusements-intends purchasing a summer rosidenco at Montmoroncy, in tho suburbs of Paris, clojo by tho sister l'atrocinio, who is tho superioress of a con vent, inhabited by twenty Spanish ladies, whoso time is partly passed making jollies and liqueurs for tlioso who wish to purehaso them. Tho .Monies of Char trouao and of St IJenodiotiou have siuco a long time dovoted thoir energies to tho preparation of liqueur, abovo all Greok, abovo all Roman famo: Among tho Hidalgos who havo lately followed the misfortunes of thoir quaon- who, novortUolass, gots on woll in a splendid,palacYwith lomo ninoty sorVant's -is tho Marquis D' Astorga. LIo had a groat grand mother, who, towards tho eloso of tho seventeenth contury, mado horaolf very notorious. Sho was of a romarkablo hoauty, was a loading lady at tho Court of Madrid, and was married to a husband who sho belioved adored hor. Hut ho kept a oorner in hit heart for a beautiful actrosa. Tho Marchioness garo on ono occasion a great fKc, which was attondod by all tho fine flower of tho Spanish aristocracy. Thea trical representations tool; place, tho actress in ques tion being tho star, A sham naval engagement followed, but this tho Marchioness did not attond, alleging fatiguo, At dinner, howoror, alio was at hor post, and rather surprised orery ono, by standing up and asking her husband if ho know tho dish he was eating and of which he had swallowod a fow mouthfuls f " No," replied ho. Thon continuod tho Marchioness, " it is the heart of your mistress, tho actress;-tho beautiful Baltasara !" Tho following is not an uncommon type of Parisian lifo. A husband-a soft goods merohant-has boon sontenced to fivo years imprisonment and fined 2,000 francs for shooting his wifo's paramour, an old man tho father of a grown up family. Tho father-in law and husband tracod tho guilty pair to hirod apartments. On boing dotoeted, the wifo demanded a separation. The husband procoedsd to buy a ro Tolvor, sought the man who had dishonored his house and shot him in a cafo. lioth men wore burning and shining lights in the same Freemasons' Lodge. Th« wife, ngod twenty-four, and the mother of throe ohil dron, states sho was incitod to sin by hor husband, with tho view of extorting money. Tho wifo of tho doconsed was present at tho trial, and appeared astonished that tho slayer of hor " old man" was not sent to the scaffold. Tho now city loan to pay off old arrears, and to comploto and extend " Now iJaris," has boon a groat success, and must bo an immonso sourco of gratifica tion to tho Emperor and his henchman Raron Ilaust man, aftor all tho vituperation they liavo boon sub jected to on account of tho improvements. Throo founhs of tho shares Trero reserved for applicants for ono share. Not only wore the ofTicos propoTj besioged, but tho district postoffioes had to bo oallecl into requisition to receive tho doposit fees, Of whom did tho crowd consist? Of tradosmon, small shopkeepers, servants, laborers, &c;, of the "groat unwashed, who, enriched" by the socond empire, came, to infest their savings in ono of its chief glories. On the 6th inBt the Empress completod her forty second year. Tho flight of timo has loft but fow traces as yet on features promising to bo " beautiful for evor." Every year sees Hor Majesty assooiating herself with some good work, soma charity, that knows neither sect nor country. If contontment of mind, springing from a consciousness of duty woll discharged, bo a moans of prolonging lifo, sho ought to livo to a green old age. There is nothing now absolutely in tho way of fashions. Tho " camel's hump" fashion of woaring the dresses bohind, is disappearing, and tho ladies soem inclinod to run into tho opposite extremo of wearing robes after tho ?' yard of pump water"style; this, with a hat like a soup plate, is considered " the thing"-all bettor, however, than tho questionable tasto of tho Louis XV ago. Flowers, and of tho siinpUit kind, bid fair to cut out jewellory and dinmonds. All this is good news for patorfamilias. Tho fashionable ladies and of those tho first oooioty in Paris, preserve their drosses and work thom up into what ? -canonicals for the homo and missionary clergy, as well as for altnr docorations. An exhi bition of these articles, boautifully made up, has just takenplaco. Tho Gth inst boing tho anniversary of tho death of tho first Emperor, tho remnants of his old guard, after ! hoaring an obituary mnss, marchod to tho Napoleon column, in tho Placo Vondome, and deposited wreaths on tho railings. The old fellows then " wont on town" for the remainder of tho day, "liquoring up" freoly. They lookod woll, after having boon voted their increased pensions This column is composed of cannon taken from tho Austriana chiifly, and on tho top is the statuo of him who bequeathed " tho odium of his death to tho royal house of England." At tho ceromony in queatiou wero two iookors ou-tho Princo of Wales and tho Eniporor of Austria's brother. 