i BTEiM OOMPlWr'8 OFFICE IN MCDIUMPTOÍÍ. I Agent : (Sittini; at a table in a brawn study, ruminating and talking to «onie one invfribla perhaps the. ghent or spirit of monopoly) : 300 bales, Saxonia,-'that's right; ,J£Q balès, Bal- clutha: lot me see-I want 150 more for ber, and where can I get (hem-no drays coming in -iv» teams at this side of the Dawson. There'd untiling else for it. T must *(ti«g" away until T get these lots stored un town for the Uar ¡lab. I mutt have Hiern. By the way, that WBB hardly right of Billy Path era on lo refuse me his ship- ment. I relied upon him ; but he placed ene on the horns of a dilemma. He got into an awful scot, to >, about something, and made no b mea about it either. What cou d ir, hare been about ? I don't imagiue, I consumed the same amount j of «teak this morning as I did yesterday, and 1 the day before, ton. In Cwt, my diet is pretty regular in that- respect. He makes no loss by mo in dint way. I hw* no intention of gertiug ray meat by our cheap boat cither. Then ag lin I take a sucking |jig occasionally, and I don't trouble bim t v> often Ur *kiiinevs-altho* t like dc rilled kid ney j. f wond r who doesn't. Yet I can't mike out what put bim in euch a poller to-day. Perh.-ips my moat account isn't paid t uiu*t soe to thia when -- [AVer Telegraph Btu, who pl ms his book down upon the table, and looks round for some one lo take the message ] Agent (ti hiy) t Givn TC that message. Telegraph Bor hands mes aneo to a gout. Agent: (Bead« messa/'1- get» very excited during the reid in?) : A lnr«e, a horse, my azenev for a horse-Wise and other Wise David, son, Crags-'"ach, all, mid every one of you -hui te, haste, to help me-go, go, to-get the wool. Tho Havilah goes to Townsville-read th ie (pushing telegram into the hands of several young men who had rushed into the office pell mell on hearing thc erie?). Ah ! nh ! another full car^o. Wc can get it now- it it our* at laut. Stay, let there be no hitch. Offer asmall "temptation" in price-say-shillings. You can get i*. for that. Wise, do your bidding. Get the wool-away, awav ; why -- Tefejraph Bog («dio. during the excitement, got frightened and had iak-m refuge behind the door, emerges slowly, ntl 1 siddles up to ngent, 8'iyiuel olease, sir, will you sien my hook ? Agent (not, noticing hov): Come, Wise, gel awnv; nevermind your co-it, iVixe (lustily getting outside n horse.) Ave, Aye, Sir; I'm off. Telegraph Bog (-»ii np pish ly) : Please sign my bo»k. Agent : I forgot you, my boy. Give me flu book ; I'll eign twice, if you like, for thu prcrimiB mranage. Telegraph Bog : (LMVO* the oTieo, ami has alongconfnb with himself just outside tho door to the following effect) There's n pretty lot o chaps to get so obwst waled about flint 'en *orwn about tho ** H.m'Uh " lier's ovidonthj giving um fits. I wish they'd sign my bool qui.-ker thu*-ni feel it my duty r< report my delay to 'od quarters. boss will be on the lookout for rae. I munt bi off too. Where's mg 'os. (Stops short.) 1 shall strike unless I know nil what's inside then 'ere 'velops. I'se a hoecifor of the Government and should understand all what's passini through my hands, and 'ow can I do it *leps ] se*»s the hineides of them 'ere blue covers willi i red thing on 'om. They calls 'em 'velope -1 j call» *cm prcarrrera from the eye. (Boy mount bin Resinante, with the tip uf his nose olovatet I fully one inch.) 