DAILY ISSUE. SATURDAY, 13th FEBRUARY, 1869. NEWS AND NOTES. Owiug to pressure on our space we are compelled to hold over our leading articlc and several reports. There was a joint-inccting o£ tlie borough councils Of Ballarat and Ballarat East on Friday evening, when (several questions of inter-municipal reference were considered. Abattoirs, new Municipal Institutions Bill, boundary works, and the proposed exhibition, were in the list of subjects, and action was ordered thereon, save as to the exhibition, which matter lies over pending replies to communications addressed by the Eastern Council to the various colonies. Naturally enough, councillors drifted into the question of amalgamation, and there were mutual expressions of goodwill that way, a general feeling being shown in favor of amalgamation. But the how? There is still the rub. Councillor Steinfeld protests against a union of the boroughs, Councillor Davey is for a populational basis of union, and all sorts of difficulties were suggested in the matter of wards, and so forth. Still, in loan mutters and works in which both boroughs are mutually bound up, the feeling is for union. Yet the " how?" is for ever recurring. In another portion of the present issue we give an elaborate report of the grain yields of the present harvest in all the principal districts surrounding Bal\x=req-\ larat. These returns have been gained at considerable cost—a cost, as we think, justified by the value that will attach to them. As a matter of course, they are nob absolutely complete, the threshing not having in all cases been finished. These addenda shall be supplied. In their absence wo do not attempt to give the overage yield per acre. The Water-Supply Committee at a special meeting on Friday evening on financial matters, received a statement of assets and liabilities, which will be found in our report in another column. It was ordered that all expenditure be cut down to come within the revenue of say £100 a week. It transpired also that some sixty-three of the men employed by the committee had boon discharged during the List fortnight. The Government grant is now available, payment having been provided yesterday, and the chairman stated that the acceptance just fallen due had been arranged for. Mr Cuthbert is to be opposed in the North AYard of 13allarat AVcst by Mr Henry Bell. It is rumored that legal proceedings are to be taken to test the right of the council to build shops. In our advertising columns will be found the prize schedule for the forthcoming grain show of the JBal\x=req-\ larat Agricultural and Pastoral Society. The show will be held on l-3th March, in the Alfred Hall. The Herald of yesterday evening says:—"The board of enquiry in connection with the Stores and Transport ^Department, and the mode of tendering in vogue, finished taking evidence on Tuesday last. The report will be considered on Mon day week. This interval is necessary to allow the voluminous evidence, together with the various reports and documents handed in during the enquiry, to be carefully reviewed by the members of the board. To save expense the proceedings were not printed, but the whole of the evidence was taken down verbatim by Mr Webb, Government short-hand reporter, and a fair copy written out for each ensuing meeting of the board. We have no intention of forestalling the report of the board, although we may state that little if any difference of opinion exists among the members as to the nature of the report and the recommendations which, shall accompany it. The enquiry has been most thorough and exhaustive, and will certainly result in considerable benefit to the public service. Before concluding this brief notice, we may state that there is 110 foundation for the statement in a morning contemporary to the effect ' that the evidence elicited is of a character to show that there lias been great extravagance and culpability, and to excite even suspicion of peculation on the part of persons connected with the department. The report will animadvert very strongly upon the conduct of Mr Moore, the secretary.' It is only due to Mr Moore, and others connected with the department, to contradict the above, which is altogether untrue. The report will contain no personal charge, cither of •peculation or extravagance. The system will be dealt with, and that from a public point of view alone." A Melbourne paper states that two fresh cqses of an eruptive disease, pronounced to be small-pox, were brought in to the Sanatory station at the Royal Park, from Greensborough, on Thursday. The patients, we believe, were a man and a child. The Herald, of yesterday evening says:—"The particulars of the cases of small-pox reported from Queensborough in town yesterday as that of a man and a child were incorrectly given. The cases were those of Mrs Rose and child, the widow and daughter of Mr Rose, who died recently from small-pox at Queensborough. The woman who accompanied Mrs Rose and child to the Royal Park returned in the coach to Queensborough with other passengers, without changing her apparel, having been told by the doctor that there was no danger whatever. Those medical gentlemen who still maintain that the disease the colony is suffering from is not small-pox, but chicken-pox, must give Melbourne the credit of being the first city in the world to establish a chicken-pox hospital." It will be remembered (says the Herald) that the validity of Mr Humffray's return for Ballarat East at the last general election, was questioned by Mr Jones, who petitioned the Assembly. The case came in due course before the Elections and Qualifications Committee, but from one cause or another the proceedings made but little progress. It may have occurred to some, that, as Mr Jones has since been elected for Ballarat West, and is a Minister of the Crown, he would concern Uimselt no rnrtner wicn mo petition against Mr Humfl'ray. Such, however, we learn is not the case. Mr Jones intends to proceed, and has instructed Mr Dunne to that effect; he also expresses himself fully confident of unseating Mr Hum ffray. The Herald says:—"Consequent, we presume, on the investigation which has taken place during the recess into the working of the Government Printing\x=req-\ office and the expense connected therewith, the Government Printer has given the employees in the establishment notice of reduction in the wages hitherto paid of from 10 to 12 per cent." The Evening Star says:—" The Board of Education contemplates issuing some new rules, and has been carefully revising the existing regulations. We understand that the board sat till 7 p.m. on Wednesday and concluded its labors. The new rules will be issued in a few days." The Rev. Mr Pinklstein delivered a lecture on Friday evening- in tho Baptist Chapel which has lately been erected in Camp street on " The Ten Lost Tribes" to a very good audience. The Loyal Liberal Reform Association has formed in connection with the body a young men's debating socicty, and on Friday evening inaugurated the first session of its " Parliamentary career" with a debate on the subject of education. A poor little boy got knocked down on Friday while the steeplechase was being run at tho Miners' Races by one of tho horses, and had his head severely cut, and his right leg broken. The boy's name is Thomas Ronald, and he was accidentally ridden over by Mr Gordon, who was riding Maude. From tiie manner in which the spectators and strange horsemen got mingled we only wonder that more accidents have not been reported. Tiiere was a rather desperate case of a runaway horse on Friday night. A cab- horse bolted from Sebastopol, and came along the road without doing any harm, thanks to a man on horseback, who galloped ahead and warned people to get out of the way. Fortunately the horse was stopped at the AVesleyan Church, in Lydiard street, and was prevented from entering the crowded streets. There was a capital day's sport at the Miners' Races on Friday. The attendance was very numerous, and people enjoyed themselves well. Kate had an easy win in the Trotting llace. Sir Walter won the Corner Handicap, thus landing the double event tor his backers, and 0110 lucky man who had backed Sir Walter for the handicap, and Ingleside for the Steeplechase, secured £100, although all three races were severely contested. The Steeplechase was one of the best ever run in the colony, and the riding of Wakefield on Ingleside, Dalrymple 011 Peter Simple, and Mr Gordon on Maude, was excellent. Wakeiield won his race by sheer good jockeyship. A scene so exciting as that which occurred at the finish of the Steeplechase is rarely witnessed on a racecourse. Midnight won a keenly-contested race for the Consolation Stakes. A report of the races appears in another column. There are two candidates, viz., the retiring members Mr W. L. Jones, and Mr Robert Whallev, for the vacancy caused in the Creswiek division of the Bal\x=req-\ larat Mining Board by the retirement of Mr Jones through effluxion of time. The election will take place on Saturday, 27th February. The appointed polling places are at Creswiek, Clunes, and Rocky Lead, and the deputy returning-officers are Messrs G. J. Rumley, J. M. Davis, and R. Macey. A very flattering farewell address tastefully engrossed on vellum and placed in an elegant frame is to be presented by a deputation from the Creswick shire Council to Mr William Miller, M.L.A., on his retirement from the council, as a mark of the esteem in which he is hold by that body. The Daily Telegraph of Friday says:—" Somo surprise was manifested yesterday by hon. members of the Legislature, that the speech of his Excellency the Governor made no allusion to the payment of members. It is believed that a warm discussion took place in the Cabinet recently, as to the propriety of including it in the list of measures the initiation of which should be undertaken by the Government. Though the majority of the members of the Cabinet are favorable to the principle of remuneration, especially to country members, it was felt that it was a question upon which the Ministry should not be called upon collectively to give in their adhesion, but that it should be left an open one. In this view a bill will shortly bo submitted to Parliament by a private member—in all probability Mr Charles Gavan Duffy." The way in which errors arc promulgated has recently been strikingly illustrated. Copying from a pamphlet published by MrBirkmyre, the Anjuz stated that the Welcome nugget was found on June loth, 1S58, and several other papers have duly copied the Aryus. As we have already said, this nugget was found on the night of the 9th June, 1858. Thus it will be [seen that neither the almanacs nor Mr Birk\x=req-\ myre is right. Wc notice also that in the article on " Mining and Mineral Statistics" in the International Exhibition Official Record, a statement is made in reference to nuggets that " some of these weighed nearly 3000 ounces. Not even a single one lias reached'near to sucli a weight. "The Welcome Stranger" just found, the largest piece of gold known to exist, weighed only 2100 ounces, and the " Welcome Nugget" weighed only 2217 ounces. Surely, compilers of official statistics ought to be more careful as to the accuracy of the_ mformation_"which they profess to give. Among the wills proved in the Equity Court on Thursday, was that of the late Mr Edward Scott, whose property was sworn under £30,000. The list for the supplementary registration of voters for the Legislative Council and Assembly will be made up on the first of JIarch next, on or before which day all who are not at present enrolled, and who possess the requisite qualifications, are entitled to enrol themselves. Under the new Council Ileform Act persons possessing property worth £50 a year are qualified, and may take out au elector's right enabling them to vote at elections for the Upper Chamber. A correspondent writes to complain that some trunks of trees and rubbish of other descriptions that have been thrown upon the Ballarat and Smythesdale road, near the Two Bridges, by the recent floods, are not being removed, and says that if the police authorities do not take steps in the matter serious accidents will, doubtless, occur through horses getting frightened at the place. Our informant states that he himself has already had a very narrow escape from a severe accident thereat. He also states that it is no unusual thing for broken vehicles to be left for some time on the road side, endangering the lives of persons from horses taking fright, and he thinks that the police authorities should send a patrol sufficiently frequent along the road to prevent the class of danger complained of. l'riday s Argus says:— SchaefFer, the traveller, Las not only outlived bis reputation, but tbiuks lie has become sick of life altogether, so lie made pretence to destroy himself yesterday. On bis return from liis excursion in New Zealand he appears to have been in a very pitiable condition, and, after sleeping out one or two nights, was afforded shelter by Mr Mueller, of the Argus hotel, who compassionated bis situation. Since that time he has continued to live with his charitable countryman, but although treated with the utmost kindness, he was always low-spirited about his reverses. Yesterday morning, just after he had been called for breakfast, the report of a firearm was heard in his room, and it was found that he had shot himself with a small pistol, just above the left breast. His shirt was on fire, the flesh was burned and blackened with gunpowder, and he had every appearance of having inflicted upon himself considerable injury. He was removed to the hospital, where it was discovered that no ball had been lodged in the wound, andj as a consequence, the unfortunate little great man was handed over to the police, for attempting to commit suicide. SchaefFer was able to walk into court; but as he appeared to be very ill, and persisted that the pistol was loaded with ball, the magistrates remanded him till Monday for medical examination." Friday night brought the lesseeship of the Theatre Royal by Messrs Harwood, Stewart, Hennings, and Coppin to a close, and a continuance of the lease not being held to be mutually advantageous, the local temple of the drama is once again in the market. However, Mr Bracher, of the Theatre Royal Cafe, has secured for this evening the services of Mr Montgomery, who will from the stage do justice to an attractive programme, in the shape of elocutionary efforts. Our advertising columns snow that ilr Montgomery will recite, among other matters, Poe's " Bells," and that " million" prices will prevail to all parts of the house. At the Alfred Hall, on the same evening, Mr Coppin is announced to appear in his memorable characters of Paul Pry and Milky White. The performances are for the benefit of " the late managers of the Theatre Royal, Messrs Hanvood, Stewart, Hennings, and Coppin." Both houses we may be assured will be well supported. We understand that Messrs Harwood and Co. made an offer to Mr Mitchell, the proprietor of the Theatre Royal, to re-lease that place of amusement at the old weekly rental for twelve months, without binding themselves to keep the house open during the whole of that period. This, however, did not suit Mr Mitchell and other interests in connection with the building, and so the negotiation was brought to a conclusion. We believe that th6 theatrical firm referred to has not hitherto found its speculation to be a very thriving one, but it cannot be denied that it showed both pluck and discretion in its offer to Mr Mitchell. The firm finds that it will not pay to keep the theatre open for dramatic performances more than six months in the year, and under the circumstances we think the offer a very liberal one. Mr Mitchell knows best whether he can afford to despise a twelvemonths' weekly rent, on terms that shall suit the principal contracting party, but we may be allowed to express ail opinion that the town will be a loser by the exclusion from its only legitimate place of amusement, the competent theatrical firm referred to. Next week, Madame Caraudini, the Misses Carandini, and Mr Walter Sherwin will appear at the Theatre Royal, under the management of Messrs Bracher and Freyberger. The anniversary sermons of the Pioneer Tent, No. 3, I.O.R., will be preached in the Alfred Hall on Sunday afternoon and evening, by the Rev. S. Finklstein. On Tuesday evening a tea meeting will be held, followed by a public meeting; the proceeds to be given in aid of the Alfred Wing of the district hospital. Persons favorable to the establishment of a Philosophical Society in Ballarat aro invited by advertisement to meet, on Monday evening, at the Edinburgh Castle hotel. The M. A. Mail of Friday has the following obser\x=req-\ vations:—Mr M'Neice, the assistant clerk of Petty Sessions, has received a notice to hold himself in readiness for removal to Ballarat, where his duties will be more onerous than those here. We should like to have heard that this change was to be attended with advancement in his class, but this is not the case ; he will be succeeded in Crtstlemaine by Mr Cruikshank, a gentleman who was formerly here for a short period. These frequent removals occasion much surprise, and entail in many instances a heavy outlay on the individuals who get "the route." The reasons for them are not very explicable, as the mere removal of officers of a particular class to similar situations ill another town docs not point to any improvement on the whole. Allowing for differences in ability, what one place gains another must lose. During the month Mr M'Niece has resided iu Castlemaine his courteous demeanor has gained for him many friends, who will be sorry to lose his fellowship. " Hamlet" was repeated last night at the Theatre Royal to another full house, and Mr Montgomery's «uperb impersonation held the whole audience bound by the potent spell of his here and now incomparable acting. There is no such rare treat as this to be had anywhere on this side the world, and it is no wonder the play with such a ITamlet should fill the theatre with a rapt audience. Excellent care was bestowed upon the setting of the scenes, and the moonlit ghost scenc with the lights all down was an admirable illusion from beginning to end. Mr ltayner's Ghost, too, is the best we hare had here for many a day. AVe need hardly say that Mr Montgomery was applauded to the echo, and, what is equally to the purpose, listened to with hushed attention. Mr ltogers is a capital Polonius. 