EXTAORDINARY PROCEEDINGS IN CONNECTION WITlT2rM*NE REVELATIONS at Ballarat in regai-d to defa!- cations by mining managers and miners have somewhat prepared people in the Sandhurst district tor similar revelations on Bendigo, but the surprise excited in Sandhurst on Monday morning, when it became known tliat tiventy-six miners employed by the Victoria Gold Mine Company had been summarily dismissed was intense. So far, however, as light had been thrown upon the matter, although their seems good reason for suspicion, nothing certain is vet known The following is .-i statement e£ the facts which led to a dismissal of the men : Ou Saturday afternoon Constable Dunlop, iu charge of the Sandhurst Railway Station, arrested a man named Eody, who Jiad just arrived by tho quarter-past four train from Castlemaiue, as he was drunk, and conveyed him to the Sandhurst lock-up. It theretame out thet he had gone down to Castlemaine by the twelve o'clock train-. On being brought to the lock-up Coustable Doyle searched E.Idy and found some £40 upon him, and also a sale ticket for gold, sold at the bank of. Australasia, Castleinaiue. As Constable Doyle knew EJ<ly was not likely' to.be possessed of so large a sura of muuey, aud was acquainted with the man of old, he examined the ticket, and fouud it was made out iu the name of Stevens. He asked Eddywhere be had got all that gold (the ticket showed lOoz.). Eddy teplii-d that it was the accumulation of nine years. He was: then asked why the sale ticket was made out in the name of Stevens. ' T ' this he replied that Stevens was aa old mate of his. Ou Sunday morning, when the man had recovered from the effects of drink, aud was questioned, he gave a different versiuii of the affair, and *aid that, the manager of the Bauk of Australusia at Castletnaine must have misuderstood him, aud placed the mime of Stevens in the sale receipt instead of that of Eddy. He said he did not give a fictitious name. Eddy's father came, and Constable Doyle asked him how Eddy, junior, got the gold. The father's answer was that some time since Eddy, juuior, had been workiug a tribute near Fryerstown. Eddy, junior, had been working in tbe bouudary shaft of the Victoria Gold Mines, and had two brothers working iu the mine . of that Company. There is no gold, howeve*, in the boundary shaft. After these different statements had been made, Constable Doyle's suspicions were aroused, and he'-communicated with Detective Alexander, the result of which was that Mr. ;Von dcr Heydo, the legal manager of the Victoria Gold Miues Company, was immediately communicated with,-and the men were almost iustaiitly discharged pending further proceedings; The superintendent of police at Castleinaiue was telegraphed to instantly in order to find out all in relation to .-the sale ofthe gojd, and whether any parcels had been previously disposed ot bv the same party. . No reply coming before ten o'clock, the prisoner was brought up aud charged with drunkenness, fined Ss., and on its payment, relt>a*ed, and the money handed over to him, as the police.could take no further proceedings, . People interested in mining w.ill -readily recollect that the yield of the Victoria Gold Mines Company has of lute goue down very. Considerably... The impression in Sandhurst is that the fchareholderti are be.iiig victimised, if not in that mire: in .many other mines bf the district, and that .the, whifle *iiys>en? ia rotton. Great excitement'previiilfid'fbttiie town during the day, and the rumours and suspicions were multifold. Up to six p,m. yesterday no reply to Detective Alexander's telegram had been received. The directors "and ehareholders in tbe Victorian Gold Minos Company were in a state of considerable excitement, but, as the matter of course, even supposing Eddy guilty of which there is at present no positive proof, it is perfectly impossible to sheet it homa. The moBt remarkable fact in connection with the case IB that it appears the parcel* when weighed ih Caatlemaiue weighed ten ounces, but on being assayed its weight proved 8az. .,18 Ut thus showing that the gold munt have been considerably mixed with stone, favouring tbe supposition that it might have been taken in rough lumps from the mine- and hammered out at' home. The fact is patent that for the past few weeks the yiold of the Victoria Gold Mines has greatly deteriorated, although the stone looks as well a» ever. It is to be hoped that hon-eveithis matter may turn out it will have the effect of making managers of companies more stringent with their workmen, and prevent tbe robbery of the shareholdets in miues where the gold is of so heavy a det>cription that it can tie secreted iu th'eir shirts.— BERLIN GOLT»-FIBLC8.—-The news from the Berlin gold-field, especially from the new rush at Tyler's, continues cf the most exciting character, we are told The granite hill, from which in one claim alone, on the 7th instant, 52 ozs of gold were nugget ted, is still yielding its extraordinary crops, -and froth the above-mentioned claim the fortu nate owner uuggetted recently over 31b. weight. Other claims on theliill and on the main lead are also yielding handsomely, and claims are being taken up for a long distance in the direction of the new prospecting claim a couple of miles further south, taken up on the 9th instant. The population at Tyler'r is now between one and two thousand, stores aud refreshment places are being rapidly run up, and if the yield of gold continues for any length of time, as there is every reason to believe it will, as satisfactory as at present, the rush will shortly present the appearance of a permanent- as well as a flourishing township.—Good news still from the Barlin gold-field. A larger rush than ever has set into the granite hill on Tyler's, savs the Iuglewood Advertiser, " aud claims are being taken up along the course of the lead for a long distance. The claims on the granite, hill continue .yielding well, and reports of some very line nuggets have come in Among these may b* mentioned a 22Ui nugget, but this.yft-quires authenticating. Among the finds which are known to have been obtaiued we may mention a 41b weight nugget, and a 37oz. nugget, which were got ,pn Wodnesdny, and also a 22-»z. got at Sheepyard Gully, Old Berlin. An immense amount of gold . is, however, every dav obtained, of w'hicb the public know nothing for weeks after it has been sold, as tho want of police protect 19U is now felt worse th:in ever." JSTAETLING DISCLOSURE IS VICTORIA.— As dead men tell 110 tales, but for the trial of John Fergussou iti the Supreme Court the other doy, for embezzlement, and forgery we (ilunild still know little or nothing of how pleasantly life glidus on iu the department of Intestate Estates. .Ostensibly [iresided over by Mr. Bury, tho Curator, it appears tljat ' ^he department was for years worked by Fergussou, the accountant aud bookkeeper. Mr. Bury, it would seem, occasionally did a certain amount of supervising in a dilettante ornamental kind of way; but Fergusson kept tho books aud the cash, took possession of deceased's persons' estates, negotiated sales by auction, and banked so much of the proceeds as he thought proper. How long he continued honest, is mere conjecture; but a discovery ofjaux pas in his accounts led to Fergusson's dismissal, and a subsequent discovery that he'-forg.it. to outer various m-ineys received led to his beiug charged'with embezzlement ; and other discoveries of his having'given fraudulent receipts to auctioneers led to the second charge of forgery. Seeing that- Fergusson had been for years a diligeut officer, aud that the absence of all proper supervision, placed him. in a position of almost irresistible temptation, the jury although finding him guilty, urged the court to be merciful. On the charge of forgery, however, they point-blank refused to convict—discharged him without hesita. tion. The property of deceased persons was disposed of through auctioneers, aud it transpires that there were auctioneers so anxious to secure the business of the de. partment that they resorted to the process of •'kicking" the officials in a style suiled to their respective proclivities. ^One firm, Messrs. Johnson aud Co., tried this d'n vepy cleverly. Mr. Bury, the ornamental;' was p lint of much account, but his moutn seems to have been stopped by A keg of brandy ^ and although at first he resented ,-tjhe lure with rigorous virtue, he did certainly retain the keg, instead of denouncing the bribers, which would have been his proper course. Mr. Fergusson, the real-man of business, wus dealt with differently. An estate having been sold, the auctioneers banded over 'the-cash.. to Fergusson, obtaining from tfta't worthy a blank receipt, and when Mr. Tergusson recorded tbe transaction on liis books, he debited the estate with & much larger sum than he had actually paid, -pocketing the difference for his trouble. It is to be hoped that this blank receipt mode 'of-diking business iB not commpn amongst oui Melbourne tradesmen, for, although, .it may make tilings pleasant for the time, it is sure in the.'.long run to bring all tbe parties to grief. Now that Fergusson has been disposed'of, what »ill be done with Bury ?-— Age. THE MONSTEE DIAMOND SELL.—The Peripatetic Philosopher, in the- " Australasian," thus discourses on the above:— " Ha-ha-liB-ha-ha-haI So it wasn't,a diamond after all! As M. Hugo would . proirnbiy say—sublime enthusiasm of human gulibility'l- The Diamond " Sell" is worthy tb t&ke; itp place in history befejdethe Cocklane Ghost or the Moon Hoax. I am not hurCL.but that it does not even excel those brilliant examples of popular delusion. The idiots who "believed in the rapping spirit of Mary Parson are paralleled m duf day by' Home [sweet Home!], and bis gathering of silly women with deranged nervous systems. Tbe moon boax was but a corrollory to the glorious ' sells' perpetrated by that prince of jesters and jester of priuceB, Theodora Hook, but the Big Diamond is a 'sell' so gigantic, so vast, so pecuniarily advautage* ous, that ittops all the swindles bf the ago. To absolutely persuade the people twit somebody had found a diamond' I80Z. in .veiiiht, and to make ti'sm buy the thing on ' spec,' is »n:i-^:iifi..'e!it. 1 vii^fi tO :»i> into the e hi-- <\f the bu.»i ««<•», for In( itoi much anove ...-rtabt-r i>f-PurJiament standard myself, ami 1 -joiw in wwindle, cheat, or defraud a f;:<-ii-i whr.;i a Hafe opportunity occurs; bu-1 should iiinjrine tbat such a proceeding as t ie one characterised in my ' hearing by « shareholder as ' the Armidale caper'is not -.vyotly i'l accordince with tbe rul"s of c-'iiui'M-i-iai Honesty ; hut- that does not: derr-.ct t"= -..•11 the magnificence of the fro&x.; I< ;iii; <-t fulfilled the unpublished prophecy • f D njl' Jerf'ild, who said that if the * K-oii-i-uoor v.'as mi sale to- morrow, ' some one woubi »iai t a company.to purchase it, and let ii ">ut 011 hij-e at evening parties.' Tiie company has been formed but the . Koli-i- iioui- «as< not- forthcoming; One million,-two miliums, three milliouc, four mil—— aud only a piece of rock-crystal, and not worth live shillings! Dear fellow humans! exc!?ll"i)t" ('""!«! admirable knave's ! Oh, forgive me if I lau^h. but five thousand pounds for a piece of rock-crystal! It is too much !—Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho bo ! BRUTAL OUTRAGE.—Information was re- " reived by the police ou Tuesday of a fearful" crime ha 1 iug been committed on the farm 011 the Upper Plenty. On the 16th inst., a farmer named Frederick Edwards left his: home about one o'clock in the morning and started for Melbourne, leaving his wife, ah infant, and a siirl 'en years old, named Cord in the house, and a man named Thomas Jones sleeping in an outhouse. About .daylight Jones entered Mrs. Edwards's bedroom and st ruck her a violent, blow ou the head with a hammer,'which rendered her insensible. He also struck the girl with' a weapon. Iiaviriif silenced them by these means, he committed a criminal offence on Mrs. Edwards, and setting fire to the house absconded. Mrs. Edwards and the girl recovered sufficiently to escape from the burning hou^e, but tiie furniture and all it contained were des'royed. The off-nder ia an old hand, nnd generally known by the name of Blue Tom, from the marks of"gunpowder. He is an old Sydney or Tasmanian convict; his age is slated to be between fifty aud sixty. Joues had been in Mr. Edwards's employ fur about a month, but at the tine lie committed the offence he was permitted to occupy an outhouse till ho got employments Tue police are in hot pursuit. It is almost impossible that such a marked man as t lie" oll'endar can keep out of their bunds luiiu'. J\> the above Crimea committed. by l lii:i /'tillLn, it seems that robbery must be a!:;i> added. In the "houRe there was «he sutu of £11 in .gold,.'£4 in silver, and some nntes, but the number is not known. On searching ainoiig ibe ruins of the burut fiirui house, the silver was found melted into a lump, but no trace of the gold has been discovered, It is supposed that Jones took the ;:<.]d and noies with him. bin itiiwed t i'l-.i-ilver. Tjie whole country is astir t.o .irr-fKt the offeti'der, aud the police are making strenuouB.'efforts to intercept his (light. f.Ioncs, arwe learn by telegram, finding himself, pursued by the police, committed suicid*-:.] . The loss of the house and furnkure is estimated at £500. AccroE.VT TO THE 8 8 BALCLUTHA,—By telegram we leuru tha*. !li« as. Balclutha, with mails and passeii^ers from Adelaide to Kills George's Sound, met with a serious accident when 50 miles S.S.E. of Cape Borda 011 Tuesday moriiiiii.' last. She broke her shaft, aud then sprang a leak in the after compartment, which "giving way, the watef got into the hold, and rendered the steamer unmanageable. The boat* were got out, and the passengers ready -for • leaving, whe& the Aurifera sighted the steamer with dip? tress flags flying,' and-'At, once'bore dowu and tools them <>11 boaad, together with the mails, and landed them safely; at Wallaroo. The Bteam tug Elertor was then dispatched in sWch of the Balclutha,*nd succeeded in getting her in tow, aud was reported coming up the Sr. Vincent gulf. Captain Granger and his crew stuck to the disabled steamer, and by their exertions evidently kept ber afloat by means of the pumps.-—Herald. A DIFFICULTY LOOMING IN THE FUTURE. —The Spectator observes, if the Suez CagiM should really succeed at last, there will disagreeable question as to its neutrality tigi be discussed among the European Powers, which a rumour from Vienna asserts to be already brought up by England. TheViee. roy of Egypt, it is said, has asked the Euroean Powers to guarantee the neutrality of the Canal, and to this Austria, Prussia, and England have assented.—England prompting tile sugL'ei-tion,—but France objecting. This is. of course, all rumour. But if the Suez ' O&nal; does not put ail 6nd to tbe queation v of its neutrality.-by comfortably silting up' almost. aB, soon as it is opened, av -y very unpleasant controversy of some >oft / will doubtless have to be got through about AKOTHEB FHAUD BI A BAUK CLEBP.T- " For some days past it has been hinted about town that a serious' charge was hanging over the 'liead of a young man formerly a clerk in one of the bauks here, but notljr ing definite was 'ltnown relative to tg> matter until on Tuesday morning, when jft* accused,, a young man named Michael Moran, about jtwensy-two years of age, appeared befone Ae police court ou a charge of ibrgery and uttering, a number of cheques amounting in all to £120. Moran was a clerk in the Union Bank, but some weeks since—for what, reason- we are not aware— was discharged. It is probable that the forgeries of prisoner were then known, but the bank authorities oii not. act until the inspector Mr. M'Mullen, arrived from Melbourne 011 Monday. ' A warrant was then issued for Moran's arrest by Mr. Costin, J.PI, and its execution entrusted to Detective Bason, who this morning, juet b»foi« the opening of ti.e police court, went to his lodging*., and apprehended hin.. He was brought before the coiirt and remanded until Thursday 011 the application of Mr. Cnt«- bert,. .. who appeared for the prosecution. The iiiformatida. charges prisoner with a ••sries of forgeries, in all amounting to£W> Australasian. hetween tbe 30th December, 1868, aud the 13th 3W. 1869. Prisoner was in the Habit JaLev^, his u„.0e who an «c count at the bank "-Ba The Ai-fbed Pabk.—The committee of the Agricultural Society, the Municipa Council, and the Government have at la.t succeeded in coming to something like. an agreement ^th reference to the Alfred P A The Corporation have de- ided upon erectin, a building upon the Park, «h.ch the Agricultural Society has promised to for two months in each year, for an sum annual of £1000. Certain members of the Corporation have had an interviewwith the Minister for Land*, »ho has consented to vest the park in the Mayor Aldermen as trustees thereof; an thai the preliminary difficulty as to who should have the control of the land is now settled. Plans of a very fine brick building, exceedingly handsome, cemmndious, and adapted for the purposes of the Agricultural Society fare been prepared and submitted to the Corporation, who mil probably accept or reject them at its next meeting. The buildin'jr, as designed, will b» of bnck and .H Animated to cost about £11.000. It is of n circular, or rather oc.tngonal form, with galleries rising one.above the other a^und a rotunda, the whole being crowned with a very handsome cupola The d.ameW of tW ground floor will be about lfiO fret This portion of the building will be divided ' into stalls, arranged in circles, with passagea six feet wide running round the whole Here the various products of the colony and Tougher exhibits will be displayed. Therp will be fr»uretaircnses afford in" aceess to the 1 (Upper floor, she diameter of which will be : considerably loss than the lower. Here will be the Fine Art galleries. Above all ' will be the dome, rising to a' heiirht of nearly 100 feet. The central rotunda will ' he 40 feet in diameter,. and will not be grossed by anv of the floors.' Provision has " Wn made on'the plant., which nre the work ' of Mr. B»i 'khousP, for affixing portable: sheds ' to the exterior portion of the ground floor, the building will, no doubt, be a very handsome one, and, if the question of expense ,d.>es not interfere with its erection, will be a very desirable and useftfl wiiit. Reported Massacre or EtonTKEN Mkn. —The Wellington Independent of Saturday A the 7th August, eives the following from the Wanganui Herald :—" By the s.s. Kcern, wliich arrived frmn Manufeau this morning, we hear that when that vessel left' a report was in circulation that eighteen men had been massacred in the Wnikato district."—With regard to the >var. the - ' Nelson Examiner snys':—" The latest tele- 1 grsni is dated Wniksto, August 2nd. and is — as follows:—"Te Kooti, with 200 men, 'building a pah at Whiirereatn, n<^ar Tokiingamutu; for what purpose not known, ftewi has joined him ; also, Te Heuheir. •"-' Horomuku, and people. T<> Kooti's cavali-y consists of forty mvn, well armed. Tito Kowaru expected daily at Tokawgaflmtu.'" ExTBAORDiNAhT CuEKS.—" Some time ago," says the Mount Gambier .Standard, . •" we published an article mentioning seversl remarkable cures effected- bv the simple application "of «lry earth -to-ihe deceased part. We have now the plensure of recording a rare by this simple means, of quite aB remarkable a character, and. much nearer '4>omn. Mr. James jPr&tt; has info.rmedjus that about six venrs jago he received a kink from a hi;rse below the knee of his right leg. The wound w*e partially healed, but after a time broke out again, and spread ljutil the whole of the lower pnrt of the leg ' was affected. On seeing t he art tele referred to in the Standard; Mr. Pratt, procured sotnh virgin earth', taken from below the roots and applied it. to the wound, which at the time was as large as his haitd,'' and caused the leg to be very much swollen. The result was that the swelling 'was reduced in the girth measurement three inches upon the 'first application* The treatment.Was •continued for three Weeks,;nt the end of •which timo the wound was quite healed.' Mr. Pratt assures us that he had previously spent £20, for medical advice, but with". <out any. good res.ult; but since the first application of theearth he has felt ..no pniji from the injured leg.: although for five years previously, he hwl suffered incessanlly and be believes that the wound is tiow , aoundly healed. ' .,- lay (JiiEAt Wmsw Railwat.—Tlie . line is now complete to Bowenfels lind the •contractors engine runs to atid fro, djiily nt. frequent intervnls. We heitr that, -the Minister for. WiV>-k« and the EiiginWr-in- •ehief are to pay a visit to Bnwenfels to ; day r-an express train being laid on for the " trif.—aud that, it is the intension of tjic Government, to open the line to that station on the JL7th of - Septemher.—On Koi 8 wntraet it ja «r)>ected that success has ut length been achieved in the uianufaetuie of bricks, one kiln having been buriit utid two others being in process of burning. Mr. Fsviell is dsn rapidly bringing over his plant from Goulburn, and - witliiii a -. *nort ti:ne t.he -Works will be prosecuted : w^tlj^^ greater"activity and vigour. Aajeatn •. ,"-*»ngine is "in transit, and withiii tw'o mouths our tow unpeople will, in all probability, hear tm- first eeren'ii of the inn hors'o on the ^UiuB lhrat Mail .—JVfflM. 