THE MINISTERIAL WHITEBAIT DINNER: {Standard, Aug 2.) A time-honoured custom, almost inseparably connected with parliamentary institutions, is this year to be violated. There is to be no Ministerial whitebait dinner. It has been whispered in the lobbies, and the dabs have taken up the dreadful rumour. Parliament will be allowed to expire without the annual fishy ceremony. There will be no trip to Greenwich or to Black - wall. .For once Ministers will forego their usual treat, and the young herrings, or such of them as survive, will remain undisturbed. The most memorable of parliamentary sessions, the first year of tbe Reformed House of Commons, is to be distinguished with this daring innovation. The white-bait dinner is disestablished, The Ship or the Trafalgar will be shorn of a portion of its endowments. There have been several reasons assigned why this ancient and hallowed observance, almost as necessary to the close of a parliamentary session as a Queen's Speech to its opening, is this year to be omitted. The ostensible cause is Mr. Gladstone's indisposition. The real one who shall fathom ? The First Minister is sick, and cannot dine. The ceremony, robbed of bis presence, would have been a " maimed rite." On such an occasion, with the Irish Church disestablished and disendowed, the feast would have partaken of somewhat a funeral character. It wonld have been a meeting of mutes—an under' takers' carouse. It was rightiy judged, perhaps, that '* to,'feed were best at home."* Peradventnre it was dreaded lest the ghost of the ^murdered Establishment ought insist upon taking itB place at the 'banquet, scaring the guests with its unbidden presence, drilling the festive wit of Goshen and the merry humour of Argyll. To dine on whitebait were a profanation with the corpse of the Irish Church still above ground, " uphousebeled, disappointed, unannealed." Considering the former relations of Mr Gladstone to his victim, it would have been a little too much to expect, even although he is a member for Greenwich, that he should preside at a dinner the object of which was to crown the slaughter of the very principle of which he had been the champion. A most judicious indigestion, therefore, occurs to rob the season of its customary celebration, and to keep Mr Gladstone decorously at home- 