MACLEAY RIVER. ( Condensed from, the. Local Paper.) A SCHOONER- called the Amphitrite has been wrecked on-the Macleay bar.. The vessel is a total wreck, and the cargo was all lost. . The ship, and a considerable portion of the maize with which she was loaded, belonged to the captain. The telegraph is now open for the transmission of messages between . Sydney and /Port Macquarie. A couple of stockmen were washed from their horses and came very near being drowned on the Upper Macleay, a : few days ago.' Their names are McMaugh. The doctors have'tot yet been able to reduce the dislocation of Mr. Wheeldon's thigh—but the patient is thought to be'slightly better. Par- ticulars of this case were reported in our last. Three new stores are'to" be opened in Kempscy very shortly. Mr. James Ducat capsized his cart in Elbowstreet, but nothing serious came of the accident. A lad named Scott, was knocked down bv a horse which afterwards trod on the boy's leg. It is not stated that any bones were broken. Rev. Mr. -Cameron has been lecturing and preaching on the Macleay. Five or six people are said to be wicked and foolish enough to swear that they have seen a ghost somewhere upon the head waters of the Macleay. It bore the appearance of a man mounted upon a white horse! When spoken to, it made no answer, but rode away at full gallop; and when seen a second time, it rushed into a deep creek and actually came out on the other side ! These are the evidences of the stranger's immateriality. A tea-meeting, to commemorate the anniversary of the Kempsey Sunday-school, is to be held next Tuesday. Woods' sugar mill, at Summer Island, is fait approaching completion. Mr. Christian of Mud Island is also erecting sugar works. The new road between Eempsey and Port Macquaric has now been surreyed. It is about ten miles shorter than the old road. The influenza is again prevalent. W. A. Taylor has been convicted of a breach of the Act relating to the sale of colonial wines, and fined £3 and costs. Altogether this was a strange sort of a case, where oath had to be weighed against oath, and where the defendant offered to swear that he was not guilty. A Mr. William G. Ducat brought up a woman whom he charged with beating him. The bench fined the Amazonian five shillings and costs. Mr. John Drury and his gunpowder exploded by the Galvanic Battery, is again in full blast on the Macleay. 