A REAL GHOST STORY. The following ghost story which appears in a late number of the St. James' Magazine, bears HO . strange a resemblance to a recent Tasmanian i event, that it will, no doubt, prove interesting to our readers : I quite believe in the existence of real ghosts, i but the ghosts I refer to are chiefly manufactured by ourselves. Like certain articles ticketed in shop windows, we may label them all, " our own make." Our own minds, our own fears, our own undisturbed and uneasy consciences have brought them into being. But they are none the loss real and none the loss formidable to us on that account. Perhaps the following narrative, the truth of which in all essential particulars may be relied on, will partly explain what I mean. Many years ago a young surgeon was connected with a public hospital in a seaport town in the south of England. During the course of this connection a certain patient, a negro, was brought into the institution and so came under our friend's professional notice His observant i eyes soon discerned that there was something very remarkable in the poor black fellow's skull ; whether the peculiarity thus noticed by him was in the shape of the skull, or in some morbid condition of its substance, I do not know now. Neither does it at all matter. The precise state of the patient's head is of no importance to my tale. What is alone of importance is to remember that the doctor's knowledge of its con- , dition had a great effect on himself and caused him to resolve, if the patient should die, to secure it. Killcare he failed to preserve the man's life he determined to possess his head. I Events favoured the design. Notwithstanding every effort the patient died in the hospital, and after death, by some means of which I never could obtain a clear account, the dead man's head ] was severed from his body, and passed into the hands of the surgeon who had desired it, perhaps as a kind of payment for " medicine and attend- ance." But then came the awkward question ' how to convey it to his house. It would hardly 1 do to walk through the streets with two heads ; i one black, in his hands, and the other white- probably very white-on his shoulders. It was < i not every man, again, who could be trusted to < carry such a peculiar parcel for him, especially as the extraordinary nature of the emergency seems to have required such immediate action : as to preclude the possibility of anything like careful packing. The issue was, that the ardent young student, beastly wrapped up the severed head in a handkerchief, boldly left the hospital gates with his treasure in his hands, and set off on foot to his house. At first the doctor with his precious but disagreeable burden hastened nervously through the streets, but he soon came to a steep slope up which his path lay. The steep ascent terminated at the top in a still deeper flight of stone steps. Up this sharp ascent, and as those arduous stops the two-headed man flow. But alas LEO fate would have it-just at this critical juncture, the unattached head, as we call it, contrived to slip out from the handkerchief, and fell with a horrid "thud" on the stops, bounding up again, and so leaping and descending towards the slope of the foot. Quick as thought the doctor turned, and dashed down steps in pursuit. But in vain. The head was first on the slope. The head careered down it swiftly and triumphantly. Near the bottom of the slope the door of a decent-looking cottage stood open. Towards this right through it - away out of sight with headlong speed the head went. After it in despair and terror, with panting breath and dilated eyes eyes that seemed to see nothing except the one dark object of pursuit the eager pursuit rushed in. To seize the head as it lay on the floor at the farther -i -f ii," month still to rush out again, to tear away up the slope and the stops ; all this the doctor did more quickly than I can write. He reached his dwelling in safety, and went in he did as he desired to do, whatever that was, with the skull ; he attended duty to his hospital and other labours, and the whole affair seemed to belong to what the poets call the " dead past." But it is a difficult thing to ascertain when we can really speak of the past as being dead. Even if dead it is not always buried, and even if dead and buried both, so as to be entirely concealed from other man's sight, it by no means follows that the ghost of it will be concealed from our own. Many a cousoimiee-Miambor is thus haunted by the spectres of past guilt. Accordingly a a short time subsequent to the occurrence described, , a su of mails came to my friend in the ordinary course of his practice, asking him to visit i a new patient who was in a very bad r way. After noting the name and residence, he set out. Judge of his dismay when he found that he had to go to that very part of the town along i which he had travelled once before with the of negro's skull in his care and not only so but a further, that he had to visit the very house s through the door of which on that memorable v occasion, he had passed so rapidly in and out. c There was nothing, however, for it but to go through the same door once again, only this a time, if possible, with a deliberation and calm 1 moss, which should be a perfect contrast to his s previous excessive agitation and hurry. He found a his patient, a widow of advanced age, in an exceedingly nervous state. To his great relief, I however, she did not appear to have the slightest recollection of ever having seen him before. So that he began to think " It's all right ; aba either did not see me at all or she does not recognise me." But presently she told him that which made his fears again rise. In endeavouring to understand her malady, and making the usual inqui- ness with that view, he discovered that she had record By experienced a great fright, and that it was in fact, to this fright she attributed her ills BUBB. " The thing happened," she said, " in this way." "You must know, sir, that my poor dear husband was a good deal in foreign parts in his earlier days and so sir, I am sorry to say, he had something to do with what they call the slave-trade. Often and often, sir, afterwards he used to talk to me about it, and about its wicked- ness and cruelty, and very uncomfortable in consequence, he often felt in his mind. Well, sir, the other day I believe it was Tuesday three weeks " (the doctor had private reasons for remembering that day well's was sitting down stairs all alone, thinking over these things, and feeling very unhappy like in myself when what should I see all of a sudden-the street door was open, sir, you understand-" The doctor did understood only too well, but I thought it best to say, " oh indeed !" "Yes, sir, the door was wide open, But as I said and as I sat there thinking and looking, what should I see all of a sudden, as plain as I see you at this moment, but the ghost of a black man's hand come rolling in on the floor ! Oh, it did give me such an awful turn." " Very likely," he replied, not quite knowing what else to say, " and what then ?" " Oh, then, sir there came worse !" " Worse ? What can you mean !" He asked this question, I need hardly say, with great curiosity and some alarm, and was all attention to catch her reply. How far that reply proved satisfactory the reader must judge. " Yes, sir," she went on, " there are worse very much worse-for" (raising herself up and speaking very solemnly and distinctly almost into his ear), " the devil himself rushed in immediately afterwards, caught up the head, and flow out ?"- _ 