PUNCH'S CHRONICLE OF OCCURRENCES, 1868. January. 1\. Two unusual and extraordinary events came off to day. The new year arrived during the eve of the day before, and a new era took place in the sporting life of the Herald , which was actually sold in the public streets for twopence ! This latter event had such an effect on everybody's nerves, that they all went down to the sea in picnics and other revelries. 4\. A sudden storm in Port Hunter in which 15,000 acres of grass and five miles of fencing were burned, and a fire near Goulburn, in which two lives were lost by drowning. 6\. The Council of Education returned to the Treasury the unex pected balance of £12,000, conscience money. Mr. Parkes, who was re-elected President, shed a pint of scalding tears at such a painful proof of the Council's deficiency in the primary rules of arithmetic. 8\. Earl Belmore landed, swore extensively, and held a levee, at which he was pleased to express his more than admiration of the various colonial curiosities paraded for his inspection. The Mayor gave himself a banquet in honor of the occasion, and the ' ' row ing" season commenced in Macquarie- street. General merriment reigned in the city, and the clouds rained on it. 12\. Severe loss sustained at the Registrar-General's office by the robbery of two empty cash boxes, which, unfortunately for the poor thieves, actually had nothing in them. 21\. Prince Alfred arrived, and was welcomed by the "great ones" of the city, including the Bishop and the Mayor of Sydney, the Hons. T. A. Murray, W. M. Arnold, Parkes, Martin, Wilson, Han- nell, J. Lucas, and other distinguished representatives of the family of " Anak." H.R.H. was struck with consternation, and was evi dently under the impression that he had made a slight mistake, and steered his bark to Patagonia instead of New South Wales. From this date to the end of the month, Sydney went right royally raving mad, and delivered itself up to triumphal arches, and wild Mayors, and " God save the Queens," and fireworks, and other explosive vagaries. February. 4\. The Prince was presented with a Bible and Prayer-book. 5\. ,, ,, ,, ,, an Emu, three colonial boots, and a Bide of bacon. 7\. „ ,, ,, ,, two gum trees and a cabbage- tree hat. 8\. ,, ,, ,, ,, A copy of " Murmurs by the Stream, " and a photograph of Parkes. 10\. ,, ,, ,, ,, three articulated mosquitoes, 23,000 pots of preserved meat, a case of wooden pears, and an Aus tralian damper. 11\. ,, ,, ,, ,, half-a-dozen aptomons, a pair of socks, and sixpennyworth of naval oranges. After this, H.R.H. plunged into the wildest excesses — planting foundation stones, laying trees, shooting pigeons and rabbits, and killing time generally in the most reckless manner. He also danced a Highland Fling in a huge cowshed erected solely for that purpose in Hyde Park, from a wooden design drawn out of their own heads by the Mayor and Corporation of the city. He attended a dramatic performance at the University, which was " all Greek" to him and everybody else, and gave a striking proof of considerable mental aberration by actually passing a whole day at Parramatta ! The horrors of that period may be better imagined than described. In consequence of the immense number of Mayoral and other loyal addresses, trowels, underclothing, bear's grease, Australian literature, trees, rocks, birds, beasts, fishes, locks of hair, and other choice specimens of colonial industry, received by H.R.H., the Galatea was ordered into dock to be enlarged to twice her former size. All her officers and crew were sent to Cockatoo, to keep them out of mis chief, and the Duke himself was sent to Queensland, in the custody of Commodore Lambert. Everybody in Sydney immediately went to bed for the first time for many weeks, and all business was transacted by sleeping partners. Among the sports inaugurated in honor of the Duke's visit, was a " little mill " on the floor of the House of Commons, between Messrs. Lee and Macpherson, on the 26th of the month. H.R.H., however, not choosing to accord the favor of his presence, the whole affair was remarkably flat. March. 2\. The Prince returned from Queensland. He considered it a re markably pleasant place for those who liked it, but thought a very little of it went a very long way. He visited Darlinghurst Gaol in the afternoon, and seemed quite delighted to find himself again sur rounded by civilized humanity. One of the prisoners presented him with a mat. The Prince enquired who he was? Parkes wittily replied, ' ' Gardiner, the bushranger, your 'oyal 'ighness — that's what's the matter ! " From that time, Prince Alfred evidently looked on Parkes with suspicion, and avoided his society. 3\. Somebody gave Piddington an inkstand, as a compliment to his stationary policy. Piddington tersely observed, "all unite ! and I sell pens and paper. " 4\. Prince Alfred went to Newcastle, and received a coal scuttle full of black diamonds. They narrowly escaped destruction on board the Galatea, for, owing to the culpable negligence of Lord Newry, the Rev. Mr. Milliner, and Sandy, the piper, they were actually dis charged into the cook's galley fire. However, they were proof against the fiery ordeal, and wouldn't burn ! thus proving that there is a special Providence hanging over a prince's " treasures." H.R.H. subsequently visited Maitland, and smilingly remarked, in the beautiful patois of the Earls of Ulster, that, "By the jabers! arrah, now ! it put him more in moind of a dhrink- land than a WKu'Mand ; wid a whack-row-de-dow. Erin go bally-botherum !" At Singleton, which he visited next day, H.R.H. made an equally felicitous remark. He said that in the whole course of his cruises by sea and by land, he had never met with a Single Town like it, and if, by some good for tune it could be buried in dust and ashes, and shipped to Europe, it would prove a formidable rival to Herculaneum, and knock Pompeii into a cocked hat. This playful sally was highly appreciated by the Singletonians and the married- tonians as well. The Prince then hastily retreated, and Singleton was left lamenting. On his return to Sydney, a long series of concerts and balls were given to the illustrious stranger, winding up with one of the latter at Clontarf, from the revolver of O'Farrell. Vial-ent hands were immediately laid on the would-be assassin, whose aim was frustrated by the "sweet little cherub perched up aloft to watch over the life of honest 'Jack,"' be he prince or peasant. Every bulletin was anxiously waited for, until the gratifying one that informed Aus tralia that " the bullet's out " was issued. His highness was soon after "out " himself, and Australia rejoiced and was exceeding glad in consequence. April. 6\. The Galatea sailed for England. The Prince was so disgusted with his reception that he is actually coming here again to tell us so, and beg it may not occur again. Heaven speed him ! May, June, July, August, September, October, November, and December. All this time was monopolised by PARKES AND THE GHOST! And nothing else occurred of any importance. A... — 