IN A PLAGUE SHIP. Before H. M. S. Malaga had left Portau Prince three days, some of our men were seized with symptoms which the aurgton was reluct antly compelled to admit were those of yellow fever. The first fatal case was that of a strong healthy seaman, vritn a tratne nice a giant a wno had been on shore on leave, and whilst under the influence of liquor slept all night on the pave* tnent of one of the narrow Haytien street)1'. How that man, in the agony of wild delirium, wrestled and struggled with the king of terrors, I shall never forget. Night after night w.e£e to driven from below to seek refuge in the peaceful moonlight on deck from the wild cries which iia bis delirium, the poor fellow gave utterance to, till at last he raved no more. Was he deadS No, not yet. The dire disease had spent its dreadful force and left, the giant prostrate bufe Bilent. So utterly exhausted was his once powerful form that no human aid could restore him. A few brief hours and he breathed his last as calmly and as tranquilly as a babe on its mother's knee. A black screen was drawn round the sailor's death bed, and the same day saw him buried in the deep still waters of the bay. One death now rapidly followed another. Scarcely a day elapsed without some brave feS- 1 low going to his long home, and gloomy fore bodings would at times cross the .minds of the most thoughtless amongst us. At length the captain, determined no longer to risk the lives of the remainder of his officers and crew and with the advice of the medical officbrs of the ship resolved to leave at once for Jamaica^ to land the sick, and await further orders. Five days afterwards, with the yellow flag at the fore, we rounded Port Royal Point, in the island of Jamaica, and at once commenced landing ouff sick and fumigating the ship. Whilst thus em ployed, five more of the crew died of the dreaS. malady. It was now clear that so long as the ship remained in the tropics there was no pr-*« bability of our getting rid of the fever, and we were ordered to start at once for Halifax. Ac- . cordingly, on a wet and dismal day, we steamed! out to sea, endeavouring to get sufficiently fas to windward to be enabled to run between the islands and St. Domingo. The elements, how ever, seemed dead against us, and we made but; little progress. The result was that our old enemy re appeared, and again the ship's belt tolled mournfully day by day, and the soleura service for the burial of the dead alone broke the -? monotony of our existence. Not snly the .sea men, but several of the officers now fell victims. Everything depended on our rapidly getting beyond the tropics, into a more temperate and bracing climate, not only to avoid fresh attacks of the fever, but also to give a hope of recovery to those whose illness had not yeS proved fatal, but who now crawlefi about the decks more like ghosts than human beings. But alas ! it seemed as if our ill luck had not yet abandoned us, for we had scarcely arrived off the coast of Cuba when the veBsel'a ergines broke down, and we were left becalraefl within a few miles from the shore. Our situft* tion was now wretched in the extreme. Witfwj ship full of dead and dying, and with barely sufficient hands left to do the necessary wori^ we found ourselves all at once deprived of whsfi . , appeared to be our only chance of escape. 3§ae six long days and nights we lay thus helplessly rolling about on the long swell of the Atlantic-, during nearly the whole of which time the rain fell in torrents, and repeated thunder-storms added to the gloominess of the scene. Death followed death in quick succession, and spreaS gloom and despondency around. Men who ha3 fought in the trenches before Sebastopol, and had faced death in a thosand different ehapea im every quarter of the globe, still shuddered afe witnessing the attacks of this irresistible fom, As we lay almost motionless, a huge gray shark hovered perpetually around the ship in the expectation of the banquet which daily fell to his lot ; and occasionally a few distant sails ap peared on the horizon, but all avoided coming near us. At last, when all despaired of ever seeing the last of the island under our lee, or oE escaping from the burning heat which had done such terrible work, a dark mass of cloud whicfe had for days past obscured the sky, and hung over us like a funeral pall, suddenly lifted, and, like a blessed messenger from Heaven, came A fresh cold breeze from the northward, rippling the surface of the water, and bringing with ife life and renewed hope to all. The ship wafi soon moving swiftly on her eourse with every sail set, and the coast of Cu oa left miles asters. — CasitU's Magazine for August. 