(iToi'rESpoftBcnc?.,.. To tub Editor op tub Nortubiik Anairs. My Dkah Silt, — Harry, my husband, very stupidly in my opinion, and that opinion is worth linviin;, is ad- vnrso to what ho calls my m ikiim a pnblic exhibition of myself; no ought to bo aslutmod of himself to say ' Btich a thing — for when ctul I even ever at tempt Ah- preposterous n tiling: but what lie calls " exhibition," I call duty, and nctmg as a woman ought, for women '. havo other duties to perform besides thoso of honoring-, obeying, loving, mending socks, making paueukes, and spending (heir husbands' money. Siltmco may be a virtuo; no doubt it is, as they say it's golden, and nothing can be more virtuous than gold. But botwe- n you and mo, I don't cu-i- about dumb virtues, I liko thoso that speak, mill with a pretty loud tonguo too— don't you? They luivo u knack of making other vir- I una fullnw nff ixr fliiMtl. TiiniP HiltMY. AR llU fTt'OWA older, I must sny, generally speaking, becomes moro traelable, tlicrcforo'inoro rcnsonnble ; it's ustonishing lin.v a nrclty woman enn turn n man about 09 she likos, and I should bo ashamed of myself if I luid not suceoeded in making him a very indulgent Ansband. The precious fellow, who must, when a child, havo been just such another darling its' Freddy, and I always take c. ro to impress that upon, him, told lii.o tho other day, when I said I was nbont to writo to you about a very silly letter which appeared . columns of the Jiullelin. signed " A Sllbscribcr'Xu thu Fund," wlieroin a great deal was said , nod nothing, proved, that " I wus determined to fish in muddy-?'-" waters." Did you ever hear of suoh a horrid accusa tion ? 1 fish ! — no — no — I angled ouoo in my life, then I baited with bright o.ios and rosy lips, nnd caught my fish — believe me, I don't try again. Fancy me dirtying my fingers with a misty worm, oven though it had fed off tho body of a king— those lingors which llari-y sometimes kissos, but not so often ns ho might, or used to do, beforo tho third one on my left hand !?; was ornamented <rith a "plain gold ring." Fishing may bo a eontoinplativo man's rocreution, but when I see a man with a rod in his hand, I. think . of what \ Byron said about Walton, nnd of Johnson's " worm at : , ono end and a fool nt tho other." Harry occasionally '- goos out vory early nnd comes back verv late, and tell mo ho has been fishing, but as he Boldom brings homo 'fply- any fish, I don't half like it— it looks suspicious. 1-. And when I pout, ho hums — Jtr. Lobs t snld to tils lialy wife, I'm off to-morrow to llsh— my llfo ; i i - Bays she, Mr. Lobskl I'm sure you arn't, , For you brute, yoar'e going to gallivant, - A AVIiat Mrs. Lobskl snld was right, Gny Mr. Isibskt stuy'cl out all iiiglit ; - - lie ue'er went to Halt, 'tis known very well, nut where lie went— 1 shall not tell, Noxt morning .Mr, Lobskl knew He'll caught no ttsli, so he bought a few.- . , Says lie, my wife wou't smoke tlio plot. And she will bite, tho' the lluli did not. When Lobskl to tits spouse drew near. Says site, what sport have you had, my dear ; , ,' Oh, the river's bo fall of water rats, ' " That I only caught you a dozen aprnts.. A dozen sprats— base man, says she, What, catcli in the river the llsh of the sea ; You ne'er went to ttsli, 'tis known very well. But where you went— I shall not tell. - ' MORAL. Let nil men who are frntl In flesh, Observe salt water ts not fresh ; For wives tliclr husbuml's will condemn. , . , . Who tlitnk with sprats to gudgeon them. - ' . But 'if I run on in this manner, I shall novor (oil you what I think about tho lotter. Tlioro has, sir, boon u wonderful fuss about what's to bo dono with'somo four or five hundred pounds, which lmvo- been -collected 'in Ruekbampton, for tlio purposo of buying out crimo — buying out (iddlostieks — thoy may just ua well try to buy nil tho salt out of tho sea. Buy' up poverty and tamptiition, nncl mtiko tho world pure ns it was beforo the fall, and it would soon bocomo as bad as it is now — wo onti't help being wicked— and jlTnyry says thorn's nothing pleasant without a little flaver of vice in it ; isn't ho a naughty boy ? But I nm not going to say auything about thu fund, or lioiv it ought t».bu appropriated, beyond ttii9, that I think thc'Commiiton acted quite rightly, and that some p«oplo are vory fond of hearing themselves speak. Bad taste — bad taste — lot them study "O! that God tlio gift would, gio, us," Ac., and they would cease to rnako such donkeys of themselves. My present intention is to 'hate : half in hour's iiniuseincnt with " Subseribor" No. 1, who has favored tho public with " fustian sublimely bad," and who having beon puffed up by a fow dunccsjlfuneies himself famous ; what a fancy 1 fori am , certain, -it would require n surgical operation to" ge't common sense into his brains, and that if one knocked for nn hour, " by Shrewsbury clock," at his head, wit would never bo found at home ; it would always bo " Out, John! Out, John!" — but, poor fellow,' thill's' lits' mis fortune, not his fuult, and I can afford him Spity, though 1 cannot relievo him. . ( Tlio opening passage of this fnm'oU9 letter contains a fact, and ono which nobody can " denigo'f ; but it is stuted in ruther queer lnnguugc, for I find " that two foul crimes hove been committed in tho records of jurisprudence," rather a funny place to oommit.tliem ! wasn't it ? This almost equals J togberry's affirming lie hud " comprehended two aspioious persons." 'The second passage is a perfect wonder, ana wjrilM puzzle even Tod depots, wlu is a very nouto wohVTnp tnough silo never- travelled over tho bridgo of usees with — Pshaw \ wluit was I going to say r Never mind, I must lravo you to guess. I discover, sir,' that a " manly spirit would confess past error, condone pe cuniary dilllculties, or retir troin tho scone of dis grace." Wonderful I will you plenso 'tell ine how a " spirit" can " condone," Jor in other words, "forgive" its own pecuniary difficulties ; nnd moreover, how Y . spirit manages to get into debt? I can .pcrfeotly un-' dcrstund u man forgiving himself for never paying his tailor's bills, pr his grog score-; then running away, and when quite safe, putting nn adveitiscraciit in tho paper, with Cnptnin Marry at t's emblem of Freema sonry i.t the top, informing his creditors that, he was Mally verj, very sorry. Biit7 1 riovor lieard' of "spirits ootiig, anything of tlio sort, although I liuvo heard uarry sing, wlioii' lio has had' liis glass' of to.lilv, oniothuig about tho ghost of poor Miss Builcv taking V?i p?!,nd no' out of tho regimontnl sm ill elothos 01 the Captain bold of Halifax, In pay tho sexton k Do .thoso with manly spirits retire IV-. in scenes til' (lis. grneo?_ I wouldn't givo maoli for" their ni.inlioo l it Uioy did. A truo innn, liko my Harry, if lit should fall into trouble, would faeo tho world, ami work Inird to rotricvoliisohnracl or, then those ho laid ivrong'od might- condone his offences. Fancy a 'spirit condoning its of- fencesh Exquisite! Echo cries", jjutz it, Then, again, wo hnvo " Griffin, teimLMOUs oidy eipilis prized pos'l ion, ra- pidly descending tho ladder of sin by tho natural aleps f iying, embezzlement,1' and -murder. Tlio rireuai- -StnnoeB of tho crinio lent additional atrocity to tho |Hbjnecd." Dear mo, I have no dmbt that Mr. " Adili- fciil Atrocity" was very miicli obliged to Squire for tlio loan, and I sineoraly liopo Lor' bless me, how con a' man bo' , " teln(Fi8TlP%wa ' prized position," if ho lies, em- bezzlos, ami murders P What an oxlraorili.inry way uf Wff keeping iho position or a Gold Commissioner, bnt I ilon't rccommoml the plan lo Mr. Jnriliuc, ami I call lying, embezzling, and murder, very un- imtnrnl steps —don't you? Besides, my dear sir, didn't Griffin ascend tho ladder of crime mil descend it. "Sub- serihor" must hnvo swallowed that, " insane root which takos ' tho reiisoii prisoner," before lie wrote that, "Tlioso who cure to ro-enll tlio idle gossip of the ' period, cannot fail to remember the criticisms ol our > citizens on tho polico, tlicy were negligent, apathetic', " and intonsoly stupid j liny, more, with (lie usual mer cenary spirit of Iho foieo, lliey waited willi expectant mrulhs for a fat reward. But lltrir ohicfest sin ivas their disinclination to confide the duties and secrets of their qfilco to ovory gOhomouelio ivlio sougllt to ex- trnet llio'oMc or usurp llio other." Hero's a liigglo-do- piggledy! What qucur fellows " criticisms" must be, they nro not only negligent and npuliictio; tlioy not only possess tlio -mercenary s| irit of tlio force (I liopo tho spirit wears uniform — tells npptowonicn to mnvo on — and makes love to Roekhainptou cooks) — hot they havo cxpoola nt niout lis ready tor n fat. reward. Now, sir, just fancy " criticisms" opening their mouths, to nUlernuihie width, to roceivo .tha lat, end of a mutton chop, nicely poppored and sailed, nod flavored with Woreestcr'sttuqo. Tlieo comes a very serious matter, " every yohnnou die" is charged with socking to extract, n duty niul usurp a secret- from " crilieisms." What rascals! but if they Siicpeedod, tlioy certainly desorved a testimonial— testimonials,, you know, nro very fash- iomihle, and to my way of thinking very foolish. Iv'o p.'csonted two tcsliinoniiils to Jtarry, tlint ivns nil right and proper, but that is no reason why Hurry should ho asked to givo n guinea to n man bettor off than himself. I mean to get up n tesliiuoni il for Tocldlopols, nnd nnotiier for my poodle, and shall send round " Criticisms," tlio " Spirit, of tho Force" and "Subscriber" lo collect llio money. Again, "Sub scriber" assures us, tlint " those who know tho facts — tlio tact and assiduity displayed by tlio police — are cognisant ol tlio truth that they exhibited much skill nnd energy." Stupid follow — if tiie people knew the former they must liavo boon cognisant of. Iho latter. Then follows a most, splendid mml heart rending ac count of tlio murder — whioh account I have cut out nod pasted in my scrap book, for tlio benefit of my children ; but you should seo how verbs nro looking fur their nominative eases j how pronouns nro seeking for nouns; how adverbs and adjectives are quarrelling for precedence ; liow inlerjeetiyoa stand liko sign posts nt every comer, and how noosenso is kicking up its heels in a porfect frenzy of delight. When I read tho passage — tears ivero in my eyes— from laughing — nnd I sank upon I lie sola, exclaiming " O ! Soplionisba ! Sophouisba ! 0 !" I looked for reason — for oven n spark of common sense every where — but in vain. I sot Toddlepots to work, Freddy, Olorimm (win. by- tho- byo only ere ivcd, and was a litllo sick), Jemima, the new maid, the poodle ; I even sent my now slipper after the " wanted j but if we had all sought us long as did poor Lovell for his " fairy bride," wo never should iiavo found anything, if I Imd not by ehaneo put my head into tho dirty linen bnskot, and there I found — what?— just exactly what Fulstnff did in tlio " buck- basket" — I refer " Subscriber" lo tha " Merry Wives of Windsor" — my modesty will not allow mo to quote tlio words.' iVhen I again took pen in hand, I found tliut I really could not proceed with my subject ; I shall hand (lie letter to Toddlepots. After tho most ridiculous ami foolish arguments — nflcr outraging common senso — after breaking every rulo of grammar, and exhibiting an nmouiit of stupidity perfectly in- 5\. ..pst-j-ensiblo — " Subscriber," with tlio most con- suimmito impudence, says, "I contend my abovo rea sonings to ho incoiitroyeiliblo" — think of that, Master Brook!" Why, tlio throne of conceit must, ho tlio mail's Mecca : his ruling passion 1ms completely con quered tlio litllo reason lie ever possessed — like poor " Slindweli," .tlio poet, ho never deviates into 6cnso, but follows tlio plan of " Dan," und " whistles." llu tried to be satirical, alas ! his satire — " Is as an oyster knife, wliicli hacks niul Itoivs. The rage, but not tlio talent lo abuse.''' As I rend his letter, I said, what "a wee, modest, crimson tipp'd flower" lio is to bo sure, and I under stood for tlio first timo what wns meant by tlio " quiet sense ol . something lost," for I came quietly t-o I, lie conclusion tlint tha man had lest himself in a fog of conceit, and "'pen my honor," I don't think ho will find his way out in. a lnirry. Isn't it end ? A por- tion of tho " fund" must lio given to him who will find him — so valuable a member of socioty cannot he suffered to wander about, to share perliups the falo of Stephnno. I can fancy that lie read the loiter aloud to certain " Martini's" (Pope's), aud I can imagiuo hearing — ' George, print it, others sntil, not so. Some Haiti it might (to good, others said no." It is only a pity lie did not begin ins letter with llio words writl oil oil tlio title page of Moore's Almanac, " co.v slellarum." I cannot help, sir, coming to tlio conclusion that " Subscriber" is n well maiming per son, but very silly ; that ho recommends what ho doesn't understand, and that lie tries lo put drugs, tlio qualities of which lie knows nothing, into bodies of which lio knows still less ; I cannot set him down as one of tho learned — he boils his eggs. Ho is, in fuel, the real Simon Pure, and I cannot belter describe hiin than by borrowing from Pope — altering slighlly his words — .'In wit a child, simplicity a man." I hope, sir, I shall read no more ell'usions from " Sub scriber." Lot him consider himself to be in the posi tion of tho monks, " civi/tter tnorluns" ; I will ivrilo his " epitaph gloomy and grand," and wind up with — " requiescal in pace." Dear, dear — hero's Toddlepots, followed by tho children, nil three sucking lollies — t he foolish old woman hasn't, yet lost her sweot tooth— whilo some people past 40, 'have not cut their wisdom onos. And here's Harry coming through the gate, if lie should find mo writing, I shall hear something more nbout fishing und muddy .waters. Just in time, not , a scrap of paper nhnut, not a stain of ink on my finger j luiir all right ? — yes. . My dear lfarry ! — ivliat a good fellow yon arc, you promised to bo homo early ; dinner's quite ready — roast beef, vegetables, and a damson tart — " with kisses instead of schnapps, to givo mo an appetite" — and I suddenly found my tongue stopped by tho only plan which over ought to bo adopted — by a man. ' After dinner— exactly 7 p.m. j rather sleepy ; Harry is dozing — and I — before I follow his cxamplo — , Beg to subscribe myself, aiy aonr Sir, Yours very faithfully. ARAMINTA. Bellcvuo Villa, Juno 5, 18G9. 