EVENTS OF THE MONTH. The anniversary services in connection with tlie Welsh Chapel in this town, were held on Sunday, January 5, when a sermon was preached to a good congregation in the morning- by the Rev. T. Jarrett, in the afternoon . by the Rev. A. Sfiehie, and in the evening bj the Eev. Mr Wilson. Collections were made oil each occasion, which were liberally responded to. On Tuesday after noon a public tea meeting was held in the chapeL An excellent and substantial repast was provided, to which, it was contemplated, about 250 persons sat down. In the evening Mr Lloyd delivered in tne Scotch Church, kindly lent for the occasion, his interesting lecture on "Richard Weaver, the Converted Miner." The Rev. A. Michie presided, and there waB a large audience. The lecturer was listened to .with marked attention, and at the close the usual vote of thanks "were accorded and acknowledged, after which the assembly dis persed. The Welsh Choir, under the leadership of Mr J. Williams, rendered efficient aid upon the ? oceasior. At the Paramatta Mine No. 1 shaft is sunk: neal-ly sis fathoms below the thirty-two fathom level. The thirty-two fin. level is being extended north and eouth on the course of the lode, and in the south end Ihe men have got the continuation ojf the Wheal Huglies bunch of ore. The lode at the present ture is five feet wide, .and as there are seven fathoms farther to drive in this direction, there is. every reason to expect that the returns 6f ore from this point alone will in another uonth exceed all the yield from the Mine up to the pre sehttime- The lode at the thirty-two fill, "level is also looking better, and will produce four tons of ore to the fathom. In the twenty-two end north of this shaft they have a splendid iode of ore three feet wide; tlratvrill give-twenty percept of copper as it is broken- There is also a good lode of ore ia the bottom of the. engine shaft, which is twentv-two fathoms in advance of the twenty-two end of the No. 2 shaft, and from the similarity of the ore, there-is every "probability of its being-a continuation of the same shoot of ore. From the foregoing- it will be seen- that the pro spects of this mine are very encouraging, and i shareholders may congratulase themselves on their valuable property. . "A very ingenious mode of treating a young man for snake-bite," says the Geelong Advertiser, was adopted a few days ago at Portarlington, much more simple, and quite as effectual in the j instance referred to, as the system introduced by . Professor Halford. It is not, however, a mode that is likely to become generally adopted, inasmuch as the professor s cure can be carried, about in the pocket without the bearer making himself conspicious, and the Portarlington remedy would necessitate the patient being near to, or followed by a cal£ A young man working on a farm adjoining Mr Tonner's house was handling some wood, when he was bitten in the hand by a snake. He ran home, and his mother hearing what had happened^ did not excoriate his flesh, or otherwise subject him to excruciating pain, but collared him, and instantly inarched him down to the stockyard, where a sucking calf was bellowing for its maternal parent; into its mouth she pushed the injured member, the calf incontinently began to, suck, in a few mimitas the cure was effected, and the young man went about his work as if nothing had occurred." To judge from the following letter forwarded by one of the hostile Maori Chieftains to Colonel Whitmore, missionary enterprise has b°en busy amongst the heathen Hau-Haus " Weraroa, December 5, 1868. This is a, piece of earnest and sound advice for Whitmore. Salutations to you. This is to ask vou whom does England belong to, and to whom belongs the land or the country you are now standing upon? I will tell you; the heavens and the earth were made at one time. In one day was man created, and all productions ot any kind that are in the world ; and if you thmk or are aware that God created all, it is well, we are equal thereon. You were formed a European, and England was named as your country; we are Maoris in Hew Zealand. Bethink you-there , has been placed between you and me a great i barrier-an ocean. Why did you not consider,, or take thought, before you crossed over here 1, did not come from here over to you. Stand away from my place to your own country in the middle ; of the ocean; go away from the town to some other place. Arise, and be baptised, and let your ; sins be washed away, calling upon the name or the Lord. Sufficient, from.-Titokowaeo. It was like embarking on a forlorn hope, to. attempt to persuade the Government, thatsubur- j ban allotments of two or three acres each, should be sold in the, district in which they are situated. It was true that in doing so we had aU the reason j on our side, but the Government had all the authority of custom and usage, which, with men : like the two Commissioners would be likely to j weigh much. Notwithstanding this, the subur ban allotments situated in the vicinity of the townships of Wallaroo and Kadina are to be sold at the latter place, why, instead of the former, which is the more convenient of approach from -both Kadina and Moonta, we do not know, unless it be through that strange fatality which-clouds [so many Governmental schemes. But it is tar better that the sale should take place at Kadina 5 than at Adelaide, and, if it isproperly advertised, nroperlv managed by being entrusted to the local auctioneer, as any mercantile company would ao I in such a case, no doubt it will be thoroughly .successful, although the Mount Gambler local land sale was a financial failure. There is no I analogy between the two cases pointing to a similar result as probable. The Mount Gambier sale was but the Adelaide sale transported to the Mount. There were the same buyers, and the same farce was gone through. Here unless the Government wilfully keep the inhabitants of the Peninsula in ignorance of that which they should 'have the fullest information respecting, there I must be considerable competition. I Persons sometimes worder which way all fh 1 tuonev poured into the Treasury goes, bat the tale- of the hospital at Mount Gambier, when told will shew how heedlessly, and how recklessly, monev is disposed of under the sagacious rule that ischronic at theoffice of the Commissioner of Pubhc Works. It appears that from £5.000 to £6,000 was voted in the first instance for this hospital, and this year Ministers had to come to the House and ask sanction for £3,700 additional which had been expended. And this is not the worst. JNo one can pretend that the hospital is either one alf or one-quarter finished. -The most moderate, estimate is that a sum of £20.000 will be required. The Commissioner . said one wing vas nearly finished. Five thousand pounds were voted, and the Government of the day accepted a design tnat would cost £80,000. The expenditure upon some of our public buildings is a scandal upon repre sentative Government. Men connected with the building trade have been returned to Parliament and made into ministers. Acting upon the old shoe-making principle. si there is nothing Like leather," they have acted as if there nothing like building. Neither is there for getting rid of a large sum of money in a way tha,t will not pay to the nation one penny piece of interest. The lode in Cowling's shaft at the Wheal Hughes Mine is reported by the Captain to have made another dip towards the Company s pro perly- About ninety-four tons of ore were sent away last week, and ten more were on the floor. The other two shafts, Andrews and the new one, are looking in a similar manner to when we last reported upon them. Owing to a rather better supply-pf miners than usual, the Moonta Mining Company has been enabled to develope its property on rather a larger ecale than heretofore. Never before has so. much ore been raised in. » given tune. The influx of miners lias been from Victoria, partly of men imported by the Company, partly others attracted by reports sent to them by their com rades, and partly miners who came over to the Jupiter Creek diggL .gs. The Parrara Company is 'working at the lode cut iu its property, which is believed to be a con tinuation of the Paramatta lode, as the indications presented are very similar. The ground is described as being very favorable. Work -is being proceeded with at the Poonar Mine with the intent of driving from one shaft to the other, and thoroughly ventilating the Mine. The lode is looking very well, and as soon as the ventilation is completed, a number of men will be put on to work. ' * The North "Eelta Company is working at- the lode in its ground believed to be the Telta lode. The indications are favorable, but ore has not yet been met with. The Wheal James Company is within a very j short distance of where ore is expected to be met! with. A good four-roomed house is being put up on the Company's property, which will be occupied by the Captain. Captain Anthony has taken charge of the Yclta Mine, and solid yellow ore is being raised from the two shafts on the new lode. There is ?& good pile of ore at the surfaec. \- The Moonta Mining Company has been making some experiments with gun-cotton in its working's with the intention of substituting it for gun powder should the results be considered satisfac tory. There appears to be much less smoke after the explosion, which is undoubtedly an advantage in underground workings. The explosive power is also much greater than that of gunpowder in prooortion to the amount used. As far as the experiments have been tried, they appear' to have been successful. I The Bwnyvp suggests that a reward of £1000 should be otiEered for the discovery of the incen- i diary who set fire to Messrs DufSeld & Co.'s j Victoria Mill. Captain Hart had offered £100 j towards the fund, and another gentleman £50. Affairs would seem to have been unusually quiet on the diggings at Barossa, during the past week. The Register states that the. finds" are as good as ever, but the miners have been enjoying the Christmas holidays. The same Journal also states that there are from six to seven hundred miners at work, and also that the local gold buyers purchased thirty ozs. during the past week. Putting the two statements together, it seems difficult to believe that the funds are as good as ever. Two large cvlendrical castings, nine feet long, .weighing 69 cwt. 2 qrs., with longitudal support ing ribs, for use on the mines, have just been successfully cast- by Messrs Horwood and Sons, at their foundry, Port Wallaroo. These are tie largest castings yet made on the Per.insula, and m each instance the operation was most successfully performed. So massive were they, that for (lie want of sufficiently powerful appliances sojue difficulty was experienced in removing them from j the foundry. On Tuesday morning, the 29th ult., the ferry- man at the East Wellington crossing, on the Murray, discovered the clothes of a man lying on the bank. He at once feared that some one was drowned, and the river was dragged, but without success. On the Friday a body was found in the course of the ferry, and an inquest was held. From the evidence adduced it appeared to be the body of a man named Michael Enright, lately an inhabitant of Port Wallaroo. The deceased was heard calling by the bank on the Monday evening, but the ferryman told him to go home, as it was after hours for crossing. It appeared deceased had been drinking during the day. The jury returned a verdict that he was drowned while attempting to swim across the river, and they suggested that a ferryman's house should be built on both sides of the river, to pre vent the recurrence of such an accident. The children of the Band of Hope, Wallaroo, had their annual treat on Saturday, January 2, and, with the men connected with the Temperance Society here, marched through the town in pro- | cession, accompanied by the Welsh choir, who-! sung several pieces of music. j Operations have been suspended for a time at I the shaft of the Kurilla Mine. ] The stone found at the Alamanda silver mine. ! is announced to be yielding 150 ozs., to the ton, and at the Potosi 98 ozs. Cold has been struck at the Barossa diggings at a depth of 100 feet, and the prospectus has been issued of a company for working the quartz reefs. The distribution of prizes to the pupils of the Wallaroo Commercial SchooV conducted by Mr Lloyd, took place on Thursday last. The Rev, J. Li. Smith presided, and the Revs. A. Michie, T. Jarrett, J. Llovd, also Capt,Hay, with a number of friends and the parents of the pupils, were present. Recitations were 'given by Masters Samuel Davis, Thomas Hurley, M. A. E. Thorn, B. A. Rasiort, and K. Letheby, after which short addresses were delivered by 'the rev. gentlemen present. Prizes, the gift of a number of gentle men, to the value of £11 6s, were awarded, and after cheers had been given for the teacher, the Cnairman,' and the ministers and friends present, the assemblage dispersed. The Melbourne Age understands that the firm of Messrs Bright Brothers has intimated its willingness to tender for a line of steamers -da the Cape of Good Hope, to perform the voyage in fifty or fifty-two days, the first steamer to be des patched within two years of the acceptance of . the contract. In recent advices from England it is said that owing to,the improvements made, the journey can be performed in from 40, to 42 days. The Persia, one of the. finest vessels on the Ounard Line was to leave in December to make a trial trip. The annual meeting of the members of. the Wallaroo Mechanics'Institute, for the purpose of electing officers for ensuing year, was held on the 14th. There was not a numerous attendance of members, and after the balance-sheet and report for the past t welve months bad been read and adopted, the resignation of the late Secretaryand Treasurer, Mr A. J. JamieBon, was accepted with ; ; regret, and a eordial vote of thanks passed to him for his valuableservices. The election ofoffieere was then proceeded with, and Mr David Bower, M.P was elected President; Mr J. Harvey, Vice-Pre sident ; Mr H. D. Holmes, Secretary and Trea- . surer; and Messrs SholL, Hay, Drew, Duncan and Stimpson, members of Committee. This Institute, the only one on the Peninsula, although it has to complain of apathy where-sympathy might be ex pected, steadily continues its course, and i». undoubtedly a boon to those who use it. The principal daily and weekly papers in < the colony, also English journals, are open at it for public inspection every evening. There is a, library of over 1000 volumes, to which a valuable addition , will shortly be made, as £25 has been forwarded! * to England for the purchase ot books. A box of books is received every month from the parent Institution in Adelaide,and we trust, to see tnat so valuable a means for diffusing information amongst the people, will receive that degree of public support, to which its manifest usefulness entitles it. . During the past few days the jetty at Port Wallaroo has presented quite an animated appearance. On Saturday, cargo was being dis charged from- the ship Kadina, from the barque Bosphorus, and from. the schooner Cynthia j whilst the Kangaroo and the Lubra, steamships, were busy receiving freight for Adelaide. An evidence of the returning prosperity of the Pore, and the more inland townships, is afforded by the' capital cargoes which the Kangaroo is weekly bringing round, supplemented as they are by those of the several coasting vessels which ply between the Peninsula and the Metropolis. When a population is enabled to increase its purchases week by week, the feet may be con sidered reliable proof that matters are neither retrograding nor at a standstill. Nor is the increase in the shipping trade confined to imports. The past week the Kangaroo had more cargo on offer for freight to Adelaide, than she could convey, and the Lubra. was consequently ordered round. The Eoyal Shepherd, s.s, lias also commenced to make a weekly call at Port.. Wallaroo, finding it, we suppose^ her interest to do so.s The solemn serrice of receiving a brother into ? the fraternity of Christian ministers, was per formed at the Welsh Church, in Wallaroo, on Monday evening, Ihe 18th inst., when the Rev. J. Lloyd was ordained minister of th« Welsh con gregation there worshipping. Mr Lloyd has for some time past been laboring amongst his fellow countrymen in this place, and the success with wliieh his labors have been attended, has been of a marked and encouraging nature. The congrega tion recently decided to invite him to settle down amongst them as their resident minister, and in consequence of his acquiescence-with the unani mous wish expressed, the ordination serrice was held. The chapel was quite, filled with an atten tive and interested congregation ; an'1 the Eevs. A. Michie, T. Ea&ton;, T. Jarrett, and W. Wilson, took part in .the service. After (inging'ia.nd prayer | the letter of invitation ivoxxi the congregation to Mr Lloyd, was read by the Rev. A. Michie, who then inquired if the sentiments expressed were still those of the people, to which an affirmative answer was received. Mr Michie next read Mr Lloyd's letter to the congregation, :acceptiug the invitation, and after inquiring of Mr Lloyd if lie were still thus resolved, to which an answer in the affirmative was also received, the usual questions were pat to Mr Lloyd by Mr Michie, and the answers were given first in the English language, and afterwards in the Welsh, in order that those present who had but sin imperfect knowledge of the English tongue might thoroughly comprehend. The ordination prayer was then offered by the Eev. Mr Wilson, accom panied by the laying on of hands by all the ministers present, after which the Eev. Mr Wilson offered to Mr Lloyd a Bible "for him to teach and j preach from. The Eev. Mr Easton delivered the charge to the minister, and the Eev. Mr Wilson to the people, and with the usual devotional exercises the meeting, which was prolonged to a late hour, broke up. The distillation of rum is being carried on in Queensland to some extent. Nineteen hogsheads were shipped the other day at Maryborough far ! Sydney. i What was considered by 'the shareholders of | the Wheal Hughes Mining Company, to be a very j satisfactory meeting, was held at White's Booms, i on Thursday afternoon. There was a large atten dance, and Dr. Phillips presided: The share holders were congratulated upon the value their property had acquired. There being a balance in the hands of the Company's bankers of overw £3000, a dividend of 10s per share was declared. The South Bowers Company is spoken very favorably of, and so satisfied are the proprietors with the looks of their lode that the} have this week taken up an adjoining section through which . the lode has been traced to pass. Much satisfaction has been expressed that the Euko Company should advertise to pay the claims. due from the old Company to a number of indivi duals who could ill afford to loose their money. A connection has been made between the two shafts of the Poona Mmuig Company, and the , Mine is now thoroughly ventilated. Driving has j been commenced from No.i3 shaft under the rail way, and Ho. 1 is to be at eaice cleared up ready for work. An accident that was fortunately not attended with such serious consequences as might have been anticipated,, occurred at the Paramatty Mining Company's works on Friday. A man was putting some drills into a basket, wwn- one clipped and fell down the shaft, striking a miner below OIL the side of the face, and carrying away some of his teeth.- Had the drill struck him directly on the head, he must have been killed on the spot. As it was, though hurt, he was able to walk home and obtain medical -assistance. The. W heal Hughes Company has at Cowling's shaft what is supposed to be another^bunch of ore of a similar description to that which created such a furore in the milling world. About fifty tons havebeen raised during the past fortnight at this shaft, of the same rich quality that has been sent away during the past three month. The lode is six feet big, and is going south. A finer sample of ore than that now coming up has not been raised on the Peninsula. At Andrew's shaft pay able ore has hot yet been reached-, and at the new ^workings the lode, though very promising, does not yet bear ore. *. A handsome two-storied edifice has jast been erected by Messrs Taylor and Sellars, of Port Wallaroo, for Messrs Gr. ST. & W. H. Birks, of Moonta, matching well iu external appearance the National Bant, next to the office of which it is The ground floor, which is 26 feet by 17, is the shop, the fittings of which are cedar throughout ; and the window is made with whole lengtlis of plate -gibe's. At the back there is a good bedroom and kitchen, whilst over the shop is one large room. Underneath is the cellar; and the whole building is one of the handsomest shops on. the Peninsula, if it does not. carry away the palm altogether. It is decidedly an ornament to the town. At the engine-shaft or No- 3 of the Paramatta Mining Company, what is either a-continuation -of the same, or a similar bunch of ore to that which has proved so valuable to the Wheal Hughes Mine, is being worked, and a large ataiount of valuable ore is being duly sent to the surface. At the No. 2 shaft, at the twenty-two fathom level, the same course of ore has .been struck, thus proving that it runs the distance of from one shaft to the other through the Com pany's property. Enormous stones of solid ore are being raised at both of the two shafts, weighing several cwts. each. At the No. 1 shaft driving is being continued towards the boundary of the Wheal Hughes Company, and although the men have fifty feet further to go, they have met with some stones of a precisely similar character to the magnifieient samples recently raised from the. Wheal Hushes. The Company has recently sold 250 tons of ore to the Burwood Smelting Company, Newcastle. It is said that the Moonta Mine never before looked so well as it does at the present time. Those portions of the jjroperty which have been as yet scarcely touched, are, now that men are at ?work upon them, promising to equal if not surpass in richness the older workings of the Company. A better supply of laborers has been obtained, but there is still room for many more practical miners. The mining township is said to be very thickly populated with the regular workmen, and those who have been engaged lately With the increased number of -hands! employed a much larger amount of ore is being raised, and will.be, than heretofore. What' are termed instructions to Mr Groyder, facetiously, we presume, inasmuch as they leave him to do exactly as he likes, have beeu "laid on the table of the House, and we reprint them "in another column. According to his " instructions " Mr Groyder can go to the Northern Territory, and survey how, when, and where he pleases. He can accept M'Kinlay, Finniss, or Cadell's verdict as to the best site for the as yet prospective j township, or he can" survey land without consult-' ing any of the authorities named, the order- J holders, or indeed anyone but his own sweet will, j The order-holders must open their hands, and ; blind their judgments, and take what Groyder surreys for them, or take their money. It is unnecessary, says Mr Cavenagh, for .me to lay down any definite rules for you. Quite, we should ! imagine, and perhaps something rather stronger liian unnecessary. Possibly it would have been useless also - fiad the Hon-. Commissioner j chalked out a course for the Surveyor-Greneral. The probability is the latter would have chalked out one for himself, and only followed out the former as far as it agreed with the latter. How ever, Mr Groyder is gone, and good luck to him, . ^'e Should he use proper diligence, and be Jialf as energetic and successful as his friends predicate,^ lie will survey a territory for which here will be few if any residents,-some hundreds of blocks of land, the ordef-holders for which will; liaye demanded and received their money. Should *ir1S reBU"^' and if fortune smile upon .-4r?y^i3p 8 efforts, we shall be curious to see if the prophecy hazarded in that paragraph in Mr Oavenagh s paper, which tells us the accom plishment of the survey cannot fail to be highly creditable to Mr G-oyder and his staff, will be fulfilled. The Darling correspondent of the Southern jyus paints ths following gloomy picture of affwrs m that locality "If the Darliug was flooded to-morrow and the steamers could get up, theie is not a load of wool for each of them and . their barges to take back, and they would not be likely to get half of them full freights up. Trading and hawking on their own accounts, as they are fally aware of, is stopped for the- future, except at great risks; but even supposing they had each a full load'up and a cargo of wool back once in ; two or three years, is the cost of freight and profit so great that it will pay the boats to be up and wait for the floods, and the good time coming ? The very bushranger considers our cheques and orders no good, and throws them on one side as dishonoured and useless paper- The wages and rations of a shepherd weekly are equal at present value to about a score of sheep weekly, and as there is no better chance of saying: them if shepherdedthey are turned loose on the runs to take their chance, and the shepherd to wander and'beg from one station to another. I should be almost afraid to state what heavy losses in sheep . and stock there has been already from starvation andlmadclening thirst. It has been something fearful, and is daily getting worse, and stock are iall so weak that if rains did come it must kill one half of them.. Nearly all the back blocks are : deserted, and the sheep sent travelling to almost cartain death.. A lot of 19,000 strong sheep recently had to he sent from the Parrowotta back blocks (between the Gorrin and Grey Ranges) on account of the water drying up, and about 5,000 is all that has reached this place, and these I cannot see much chance of saving. T wenty thou of Dr Youl's perished in coming in from' the Jrarooi Govt and many others oat back have also lost heavily;, and on the river they are .starving and dying by hundreds every day. If rain does not come shortly, and give us a little feed on the sandhills, threeparfcg of the s&ck; on the river v , !rie ' squatters who some few years back had invested £20,000 or £36,000 or more in station properties will have to give them up and clear out with nothing. . The. -weather still eon tuiues fearfully hot and dusty. BusJiranging, robberies, and other crimes are increasing, but the prospect of a good rise in bur river is as uncertain as ever. It has been inade the subject of a nine day's wonder that the hon. -the Attorney-General, notwithstanding the enchantment with which he must listen to the eloquent, erudite, and recondite manner with which- his colleagues the hon. the _ ommissioner of Crown Lands, and the hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, impress their views upon the House respecting" the important i subjects that have lately been under considera tion invariably manages to tear himself away from tiie debate whenever either of these two gentle men gets upon his legs. The spectacle presented ot the leader of the U:ouse;"thus denying himself, and allowing the stars of lesser magnitude in the limstry to shine by their own unaided light, is 1 one tnat gives rise to pleasing and edifying reflec tions. Under such circumstances, we should imagine ' Cabinet Councils are likely to prove agreeable and pleasant re-unions.. An inquest was held at Moonta Mines, on the ' body of James Dennis, tliree years old, on Saturday, the 9th. The boy had gone to a neigh-1 hours where he was in the'habit of going early in tne forenoon, and no apprehension as to* his sa,ety was excited until near noon, when search was made, and he was found in a tank belonging I to Mr T. Penhall, the neighbour alluded to. The ; . J ury returned a verdict of " found drowned in a tank, to which they added a rider, blaming'the owner of the said tank for not keeping it securely covered. . On Friday, 15th, a rather singular occurrence, thai might have resulted in a seriois accident, occurred on the tramway between Eadiua and Wallaroe. Tht; mid-day truck from Kadina left with but two passengers, a woman aud a little boy. Before away from the mining township, a little boy was seen on the tramway, who, instead of getting out of the way, remained in the centre between the rails. The driver hurriedly put on the break, and, as he thought, made the horse a particularly steady one, safe. He then jumped out to rescue ihe boy, and the woman followed his example. By their united exertions the little lellow was saved, although he did not escape without receiving some severe contusions. The horse continued his journey to Wallaroo, where he arrived quite safely, being stopped immediately on arriving at the town. The little boy who was left the sole occupant of the truck, not liking his solitary travel, slipped from behind the truck unhurt, and was found by the driver as he was pursuing his way to Wallaroo. We have been kindly furnished with the follow ing data of the rainfall for 1868, in Wallaroo, by Mr Beaton of this town:-January 0 900 February, 0.025 ; March, 1.225 ; April' l 160 ' May 1.290; June, 2.460"; July, 1.037August! 0 848 ; September, 1.210 ; October, 1.155 .' November, 0.9S0; December, 0.195-total, 12.485 inches. It is said that there are good grounds for believing that the swindling Yudanamutna tele gram which rigged the London Market, was for warded by the ocean steamer from Melbourne. It is rumoured that nine ships have been chartered in Melbourne to load with wheat at Adelaide for London. With a perseverance worthy of a much better cause, Mr G-lyde divided the House on Wednes day, on the third and last reading of the Land Bill against the measure, only to find three sup porters, Messrs Everard, Pierce, and J. Fisher. Fourteen members voted for the passing of the BilL ° ? In another of its severely economical fits, the House, on Wcduesdny, decided to knock oif the £10,000 standing on the Estimates for the encouragement of immigration. When a division was called for there^ was a tie, and the Speaker gave hia casting vote in favor of the noes. Between one and two o'clock on the morning of Thursday, the 7th inst,, flames were observed to burst forth from the roof of the store known as Whit ford's, at Port Wallaroo, in the occupa tion of Mr Ludewig, dealer in produce and j general merchandise. The fire was first seen by a j man named M'Lean, who lived near, and slept, ' or tried to sleep, with his door and window open i on the night in question. He dispatched one or two of his children to give the alarm, and a small crowd of persons was speedily collected. It was seen at once that the flames had gained too great mastery of the building for anything to'be done in the way of putting them out, and all efforts were therefore continued to prevent them from spreading further. This was accomplished, and there quickly remained nothing of the store but its shell. Throughout the day the goods, such as bran and pollard, continued to smoulder and burn, and at noon an inquistion took place by Mr J. B. Shepherdsonj as to the cause of the fire. It was elicited in evidence that one or more persons particularly the night; watchman at the Smeltin^ Works, had passed the building but a very short time before the fire broke out without their attention being attracted by the sight or smell of nre. Some goods had been delivered into the store the day previous by the Wallaroo, Kadina and Moonta Tramway Company, Mi- Ludewig himself locking the door afterwards; and no one,! he said, had access to the buiiding.subsequently. ihe jury returned a verdict to the effect that there was no evidence to shew the cause of the fire and that they were dissatisfied with the evidence, of Mr Ludewig as to the iusurance of the pro-" peirty ; he, in his evidence, stating that it might ^Ve twelYe months, six months, or even six weeks, but when he could not remember, ^since lie effected an insurance for £850 aeon bis stock. The store was built with, stone. Oar Moonta 'correspondent writes:-"On Thursday, the remains of J. B. Watson, Esq., M.E.C., were conveyed to his last-resfcing place in the Moonta . Cemetery. The membeis of the Loyal Moonta Lodge (Manchester Unity), the Loyal Daly Lodge (London Order), and the -members of the Court Forresters Some (A.O.F.), to the number of 150, followed his body to the grave. There was also a large "number of the resi dents oi the township and Mine, by whom the' deceased gentleman was held in much esteem. Amongst others who ^rere present "were Capitains Hancock, Boyce, and Phillips, from the Moonta Mine; Captain Cowling from the Wheal Hughes ; Dr Croft, from Eadina; Dr Horton, and nearly all the tradesmen from the township. There must have been near a thousand persons present. This locality has sustained a serious loss by the decease of the unfortunate gentlemen. As a medical man his memory will be long held in remembrance by those who have needed his profes sional services. His ability has never been called into question, and the unfortunate termination of a career which had promisad such successful results is, deeply deplored by the whole com munity , It has left a pppulation of over 6000 souls dependant on the services of one medical man; and should anything unforseen happen, such- as an epidemic or other serious causes, the population of Moonta and the mines will be placed in a very unenviable position. It is hoped th&t; this state of things will not last long, as the tempting bait held, out by thiB population to an enterprising practitioner must certainly induce souie one to c&st; iri liis lot amongst lis." The men at work on the propertv of the Hamley Mining Company have cut a lode at eleven iiithoms, which is positively .stated to be a con tiuuation of Bowers' .lode from the Moonta Com pany s property. The indications are considered piost favorable. * . Upon the motion of Mr Fuller, it h«s been resolved in the House of Assembly, notice should be xorwarded to the Imperial Government that one company of soldiers will be a sufficient force to be stationed in the colony for the future. The hon. member is to be congratulated upon the unquestionable saving which will result to the colony from his labour if his policy , is adopted. The pity is that his motion dii not go a little turther in so salutary a course, and strike off the volunteer force from the national pay sheet, ihe money it costs could be infinitely better expended in promoting the arts of peace. The force is neither useful nor ornamental. There is not the ghost of a shadow of the probability of a chance of the colony being attacked by any more dangerous foes than aborigines, mosquitoes, or some other colonial product. Drilling is un doubtedly a fine preparation for meeting a trained force ; but it is of very little use against the irregular army by which alone we are theatcned. The ojily value the colony at. present gets for its money so expended, is, the exercise " playing at soldiering' gives to some of our wheezy privates and corpulent captains. These rot undant indivi duals may be benefited, their useful lives may be thus prolonged, but we fail- to see why national money should be appropriated to other than national purposes. The market price of new wheat is steady at 4s per bushel at Port Adelaide. The accounts received from various parts of the countiy con tinue to encourage the belief that the harvest is an average one. Isot so, we learn, has it been in other places. The Perth Inquirer states that 12,000 acres reaped there yielded only 10,000 bushels, or less than one bushel per acre. This deficiency was caused by the red rust, which appears to have attacked the crops in Western Australia in a similar manner to that which it attacked ours last year. Possibly Western Aus tralia may require a little of our surplus stock which wei are already puzzled to know what to do with. We understand that at the Wesleyan Con ference, now sitting in Sydney, the following arrangements have been made for the Ministry in South Australia :-Adelaide, First Circuit, Messrs Binks and Watkins; do., Second, Mr Knight; do., Third, Messrs Lloyd and Casely; Clare, Mr Hunter; Strathalbyn, Mr Biggj Mount Grambier, Mr Smith. .-For Victoria, Mr Bennett has been appointed to jBelfast, and Mr Millard to Sandhurst. In the Supreme Court, last week, the Chief Justice and Mr Justice Gwynne decided, that in the case of the appeal made by the Yelta Mining1 Company against the assessment for the Police rate Sit Moonta, the property of the appellants was liable to be assessed and rated. Mr Dewhirst, the sec-gild Inspector of Schools has been occupied during the past and present week in visiting the Government schools on the Peninsula. The total number of children on the books, we are informed, is 1158 ;. the totaHiumber in attendance, 969. Mr Dewhirst complains of the irregularity of attendance as greatly frustrat ing the efforts of the teachers ; and remarks that many or the boys are taken from the schools and sent out to labour at an age that would not be permitted were a Factory Act, such as has been passed in England, in force in this colony. At the Wandilfa Mine, the property of the Wallaroo Mining Company, the lode bearing ore has been traced in a nearly northerly direction for 30 fathoms, and consequently, a large amount of ore will shortly be raised from this shaft at a com paratively small* cost. There are now about 100 tons of ore at the surface. This mine gives employment to rather more than fifty hands, and when the fact is remembered that but a few weeks iago nothing was being, done at it, the progress made will be seen to be very satisfactory. There is no change to report at the Ifew Corn wall Mine. The men are employed steadily sink ing, and they are yet many fathoms frpm the point" where the juncture of " the two lodes is expeeted to be met with. Let it not be supposed that there is notocca sionally some fun in the House of Assembly. On Thursday, all that was required to complete the tout ensemble of the character in wMchMr {Santo, the late ComiuisBioner of Public Works, appeared, was the familiar stripes and parfci-colorcd garment. The hon. member rose to defend tlie outrageous waste of money % the late Government in amoving MrJusfcice Boofchby. attempting be. severe upon the Attorney-Genera?} he said " The hon. gentleman at the time said if tiiey attempted to amove Mr Bootfeby, it would be the most expensive affair that could happen for the country," " Hear, hear," cried the Attorney General, and there was great laughter. The hon. member went on-" It was difficult at the time to get a respectable member of the legal profession to undertake the duty.. "Hear, hear" cried the Attorney- General, and again the House *wascon vulsed with laughter. But in the concluding portion of his speech the hon. member out-Philiped even Philip Santo. He said "Hon. members might talk of retrenchment in the- Law Depart ment, but he could tell them no such retrench ment cofild take place so long as the present system existed, by which the Attorney-General was allowed to be a member of Parliament. If the motion of the hon. member for Light; tabled years ago, for the exclusion of the Attorney General from Parliament had been carried, such a system of retrenchment might be adopted. The Attorney-General was too powerful, and exercised too much influence in the Government. The Ministry had not such' control over him as they ought to have." " Hearj hear," again mocked the Attorney-General, and again the house went into fits. Need we wonder^ with such Commissioners, at the gross way in which the office of the Publie Works is liianaged? The soiree at Moonta, on Tuesday. 5th, was quite a success, the Court-room, being full, though not to crowding. Mr Luke Furner in the chair. The entertainmenf commenced with a glee by theMoonta Glee Club "Life's a bumper," followed by a recitation by "Mr N. H. Giles, " the Coronation," both of which met whh deserved applause. This piece-has frequently been given at Moonta before, but still holds its ground with the public, and has lost none of .its interest in the hands of the reciter. On this Occasion in fact, had he been a nat'.ve of the Emerald Isle, it could scarcely have been Ribernicised-in a more.;efficient manner. The next piece was the trial scene from the " Merchant of Venice," in which the following gentlemen appeared :^rThe Duke, Mr J. R. Corpe; Portia, Mr John Lane; Shylock, Mr F. A. Braddock; Antonio, Mr J. Berriman ; Grationa, Mr N. IL Giles; Bassonia, Mr S. Osborne ; .Nerrisa, Mr Donaldso'u. The several characters in this piece as a whole were well sustained. Portia; in breeks was of course a necessity, but she should have been minus the hirsute; appen dage,. and although acting the piecewith judicioussolemnitj'shedid not raise her yaice so as to be heard distinctly in: the body of the house. Mr Braddock, as Shylock,1 was all that could be desired, and seemed a thorough embodiment of the character which he repre sehted. His vengeful feelings against the hated Christian were brought into display with full force ; and showed that his part had been well studied. Mr Berriman, as Antonio, sustained his part well; with a quiet resigna tion to his impending fate. Mr Osborne as Bassonia- was impulsive, and the impassioned energy which he shewed on behalf of his friend was feelingly brought out. On retiring he was greeted with rounds of applause. Mr Corpe, as the Bake, and the others sustained their parts with great credit. Song-" Moon behind the hill," by Mr Noncarrow, was deservedly applauded. Recitation by Mr iioskin, " Tell's address to his Native Moun tains," met with its full and deserved imeed of praise.' Glee Club, with Rand' accompani ment, "My Native Land,'' was next; then came a recitation, " Virginia,''' by Mr Lane. This would have been far better could it have admitted of a little judicious curtailing. A song in character by Dr. Horton,, was next on^the programme, "Who will be an old Man's Darling." The get up in this case was certainly original and appropriate^ and his broad, brimmer, his quaintly cut coat, small clothes, ; and top boots, with the seals and black ribbon dangling from the fob, drew from the audience roars of- laughter. Had the umbrella been substituted for the stick the veritable Paul Pry would have been aptly impersonated. In the refrain at the end of each verse of the song, the risible faculties of his hearers were strained to their utmost tension. An encore was vociferously demanded, - and it was some time before the Chairman could command attention. After repeated efforts he explained that should encores te complied with it would occupy too much time, as the programme was only half gone through. Next was a reading by Mr J. Richards, the *? Jumping. Frog." This piece, though rather long, was so full of ludicrous incidents that it was listened to with unflagging interest; It was given in a most effective .manner, and: the audience nvere convulsed with laughter during the whole of the recital. Recitatioi 8' and songs followed, and then caine the piece of the evening, " Bob Sawyer's 'Party/' B< b Sawyer, Mr Braddock;. Pickwick, Mr Berriman; Jack Hopkins, Mr R. Corpe ;: Gunter, Mr Richards; Noddy, Mr Donaldson ; Ben Allen,- Mr Hoskin; Mrs Uaddle, Mr Giles.. It would be inviduous to make selections for praise in tbiB; piece,, each so we Usus tamed his part that suffice it to - say, the audience woald not paU oil itssecond appearance. Mr E. S. Smith- then gave' a< coupie of recitations which were well received.i The Glee Club individually^ and collectively, gave some of their best songs during the evening. 