PARLIAMENTARY SCENES IN TASMANIA. We take from a Hobart Town journal a por- <*> tion of the report of the proceedings in the House of Assembly on the 30th ultimo:— Mr. Pratt directed attention to the report of the select committee in the Balfe v. Davies case. The evidence of the witnesses examined, to gether with copies of the agreement and record of the Supreme Court, had been in the hands of hon. members for two days. If the hon. mem ber for Devon could come out dear, by all means j let him do it. If the hon. member for Franklin could show that he innocently and unwittingly entered into this agreement, by all means let the House give him his due. But above all things let them, at whatever cost, maintain the dignity of this House, by teaching that members can- | not traffic with each other's votes with impunity, j He concluded by moving that the agreement { entered into on the 13th August, 1869, between ! John Davies and John Donnellan Balfe, was a ; breach of the privileges of this Honorable ■ House, as directly tending to fetter the vote of the hon. member for Franklin in this Hou9e. The Attorney- General seconded the resolu tion, as he thought it was a very fair question to bring before the House. Tho two hon. members said that their votes were not m any way affected, and he (the Attorney-General) bad prepared a list of the number of times they had voted with and against each other. In 1868, they voted together in 22 division!), and against each other in 6 divisions ; in 1867, to gether in 18 divisions, and against in 7 di visions. This was, no doubt about it, a breach of privilege, and it would, he thought, be a caution to hon. members. Mr. Davies, he knew, must have been aware of the illegality of the agreement, because he (the Attorney-General) had heard him say in the committee-room that Mr. Balfe was bounri to vole in accordance with the views propound? din the Mercury, a Mr. Balfe admitted that he had unwittingly committed a breach of privilege of this House, but he denied, as had been stated, that he Bold his vote for £4 a week. He had been accused of deliberately selling bis vote, and had been placed in the portion of having stolen the votes j of his constituents by one who was the principal person in instigating him to take the case into court—(Mr. Davies : Hear, hear.)—and turned i round on him now because he himself bad been I kicked out of the very office to which he (Mr. I Balfe) succeeded. (Mr. Davies: Hear, hear.) j They might judge a man by his associates, and this man walked about and introduced into private families a scoundrel who was one of the greatest villains that ever lived. He, too, had alluded to him (Mr. Balfe) as being loath some, but he was loathsome himself with the gospel of heaven in one hand and the gospel of hell in the other. He went into court and he confessed he took the beer, and if it had not I been for that he would have obtained a verdict. He was not one of those drivelling hounds who go about the streets; he told the truth. He i contended, to show the ignorance of the man who sought to injure him in the evening paper to which he had referred, that the House had no power to punish them at all for any breach of pri vilege beyond the walls of the House, except in a case where a member was offered or accepted a bribe. (Mr. Gregson : If you had been in the police court you would have both got seven year 9.) Mr. Balfe concluded by once more solemnly declaring that he entered into the agreement with no intention of doing anything wrong, or of infringing the privileges of the House, and he then retired from the Chamber. Mr. Davies also denied having any intention of infringing any of the privileges, and if there had been a breach, it was attributable to igno rance on his part, and he was unaware of the illegality of the agreement. Mr. G-regson said he felt it to be his duty to give his opinion; he had read the report and heard the calm manner in which the chairman had brought the report forward. He was very much astonished that the Attorney-General should second the motion, and, in fact, defend the two hon. members. What two innocent creatures were these bon. members! The hon. member for Devon knew perfectly well that he had bound Mr. Balfe to vote in the House during one session, as he said he had " bought him body and soul." The two honorable mem bers were now attempting to get out of the scrape by pleading ignorance ; could anything be clearer than that Mr. Davies bought the vote of Mr. Balfe ? He liked a bit of abuse ; was it not nice and spicy and agreeable the defence of Mr. Balfe ? You must judge of a man by the associates he keeps, he said. He did not see that any one could help acknowledging that both honorable members deserved to be turned out of the House in a dishonorable manner. He did not hesitate to say that no twelve men would have any doubt at all in their minds as to the guilt of the two ; and the only question was—whether the House was afraid of the paper of the hon. member for Devon, or of the hon. member for Franklin. He trusted he would never see either of them in the House again. Mr. Adye Douglas proposed as an amendment that in the resolution the words breach of privi lege be struck out. The parties, no one would deny, were deserving of censure, and some pun ishment ought to be meted out to them. Mr. Pratt did not feel justified in withdraw ing the motion and agreeing to the amendment. The amendment was then put and lost, and the original resolution was carried. Mr. Adye Douglas said the Speaker should direct that the resolution be communicated to the honorable members. The Sergeant-at-Arms was thereupon ordered to request the attendance of the honorable members at the bar of the House. In a few minutes the hon. members for Franklin and Devon appeared at the bar, when the Speaker said:—" Mr. Balfe and Mr. Davies,—l beg to communicate to you that the House has had unier consideration the report of the Select Committee ; he then read the resolution as above, and said in accordance with that resolu tion, I have to convey to you the censure of this House." Mr. Balfe and Mr. Davies then ad vanced to their seats. Mr. Balfe at once stated that the House had no authority to censure him, and a scene ensued. At length, at the suggestion of the Speaker, Mr. Balfe gave notice of his intention to protest against the censure, on the ground that the House had no authority for the proceeding. Wb gather from the annexed statement from the Gundagai Times that the dwellers on the Murrrumbidgee are subject to occasional spiri tual visitations :— " We regret to stats that the bunjip which used to live in a pool in the Mur rambidgee, near Gundagai, seems to have quitted his old quarters; but we learn that a ghost has come to dwell amongst us, possibly as a compensation for the above loss. We cannot as yet indicate the spectre's residence, if it has one; but the culvert familiarly termed Bennett's Folly, on the sideling of Mount Parnassus, seems one of its haunts, as we have been in formed that on Bunday evening last a gentleman resident in our locality who was riding past this spot was there confronted by the supernatural visitant. It rose apparently from under the culvert, tall, shadowy, aud with a livid phos phoric light playing about it, such as a bad fish hung in a dark place exhibits. As the shape approached, the startled steed reared, and the rider's hair stood on end ; but the apparition seemed to pass under the horse, and disappeared with a faint hollow sound, like a distant dying groan. We need not say that the horseman made all baste to quit the spot ; but we may add that another party avers that he has seen this spectre in the same place, that it passed him by like a flash of fire, and that he thought his whiskers were singed off by it. So far this is satisfactory; every place ought to be celebrated for something, and a well authenticated local ghost would add to our township's reputation." Rmcbing to Assist thb Polios.—A man, named Richard Bourke, was charged before the Wagga Wagga Circuit Court with the above offence, and acquitted. In Humming up, His Honor Sir Alfred Btephen (says the Advertiser) observed that the case was not alarmingly serious, but was, n-verthelees, important, as being the first case of the kind before the Court. It was very important to the commu nity at large that the law, in a case of this sort, should be clearly known and understood. It was the duty of every member of the com munity to assist in preventing crime being com mitted, and breaches of the peace, so far as lay in hi* power. And if a person refused, he was liable to be tried for so doing. If a constable, in the execution of his duty, had a reasonable cause for thinking that he would be overpowered so that he would be unable to effect an arrest, he was authorised to oall upon any of Her Majesty's subjects to assist, and they were bound to give their, aid. But there must be a reasonable necessity for assistance. Even if a bystander thought th« constable was wrong in his arrest, still the bystander was bound to assist. He mu»t> not question the legality or illegality of the arrest. With regard to a point argued by the learned counsel for the defence, that if a man was arrested, so assis tance could be called on to convey the man to the lock-up;. he was of opinion that the law was that a. person must assist in that case, as the most violence often took place after the prisoner was handcuffed and was bein; ccn veyed to the- lock-up. It would be a highly '. dangerous doctrine to hold as the counsel had i argued. In conclusion, His Qoaor stated that in this case the defendant was- evidently undor a mistake. No doubt be (hcugbt the constable was arresting the wrong man, but that wa* ro excuse for not assisting. Hia Honor stated that no moral obliquity waa attached to the de fendant in consequence of this act. Judging from his appearance, he was a respectable mem ber of society, and no doubt satisfied himself j there was no necessity for hi* assistance, but ' that was a question for t^e jury to determine— whether there was a reason able necessity for the constable to call fox assistance? The Lyttellon. 'limes saya:—" On Saturday afternoon Mr. Morgan exhibited in Dainpior's Bay his water velocipede. The machine, which is very similar to a bicyole, is tired in the centre of two canoes 12 feet lonp, canvas-covered, and watertight. A paddle wheel propels the canoes, the bandies in front acting on the rudders. Mr. Morgan was very successful in attaining a con siderable speed. Great care, however, is neces sary. A novice on Saturday attempting to drive the machine, was thrown into the water twioe. We learn that there will be a raoo between two 1 of these machine* on the Avon on Saturday next.'' A Dbplobablk Cask.—At the Bathurtt Po lice Court, Susan Arrow, 16 years of age, Ann Howard, 14, Sarah Howard, 12, and Lucy and Emma Howard, twins, about 9 yean of age, were severally charged with stealing a shilling from a child named Roper. These children haro for some time past (says the Free Press) been strolling about the town, some of them in a state almost approaching to nudity, and were pictures of misery and destitution. Su3an Arrow was found guilty, and sent to gaol for one month ; the others were discharged, but were imme diately re-arrested on a charge of vagrancy. Senior-sergeant Waters deposed that they were continually strolling about the streets, insuffi ciently clothed, and apparently ill fed; previous charges of robbery had been preferred against them, and they were being brought up in a state of ignorance and immorality. The mother of the children appeared at the Court, and said she was very poor; but she pleaded with the Bench to allow the children to return home with her. She said her husband was living, but he was old and infirm, and unable to do any thing towards maintaining her and the children. She had had thirteen children, three of whom were de.id; two of her daughters were at service, aud two of her sons helped to support her. If the children were allowed to return home she would do her best to keep them better in future. The Bench were of opinion that it would be much better for the children to be sent to the Industrial School, where they would be fed, clothed, educated, and fitted to follow some useful occupation. They accordingly ordered that the children should be forwarded to the Industrial School at Newcastle, and the mother was informed that she would be allowed the privilege of corresponding with them, or, if she went to Newcastle, she would be allowed to see them. On Monday, Elizabeth Howard and Harriet Howard, mother and daughter, were charged with stealing one blanket, one jacket, and one towel, valued at 2s. 6d., the property of Catherine Wright. The four chil dren who were before the Bench on Friday are daughters of Elizabeth Howard. The case was proved against both unfortunates, and they were sentenced to three months' hard labor in Bathurst Gaol. What a sad state of things the above case discloses. The father of this unfor tunate family (the Times remarks), who, we understand, has been eking out an existence somewhere in the bush, came into town a day or two ago, and procured an order to visit hi* wife and five daughters in the gaol. To judge from his appearance, the fact of his four chil dren having been ordered to be sent to New castle is most fortunate. Age, poverty, and disease have rendered him a spectacle sickening to behold, and combined, they must eventually terminate what at present appears to be but a miserable existence. Withdrawal of thb Grant in aid of THE TaSMANIAK PbNAI ESTABLISHMENT.—The Standard, commenting on Lord Granville's despatch intimating the intention of the Go vernment to withdraw this grant, Bays :—" Can we be surprised at the manner in which the Tasmanians have received their portion of the new dispensation ? What is contemplated in their case is a naked and deliberate breach of faith, for which there cannot be the smallest justification. The penal establishments in Tas mania are most clearly a burden, a portion of which belongs to the mother country.. They are th« remnants of her occupation. The costly and extensive prison at Port Arthur—one of the most elaborate and highly finished of gaols in any part of the world—is not wanted, and never would have been required for local Tas maniaa crime. It was built entirely and solely for the retention of criminals the produce of British soil. Of its inhabitants now more than three-fourths are original British convicts. These convicts are among the worst of the felon kind—wretches graduated in every kind of wickedness, who, if let loose to-morrow, would turn the island into a pandemonium. Against this danger, utterly out of proportion to its own means of protection, the colony hag hitherto been compelled to use an imperial subsidy to supplement its own humble revenues. Is there anything very unreasonable in the threat of the Tasmaniant, that if we violate our contract with them they will empty Port Arthur on our own shores ? This may not be a very effective way of procuring their own relief, bat as a demonstration .against the disgraceful and iniquitous course which is contemplated by Lord Granville, we have no right to complain if the Tssmanians are as good as their-word. What right have we, indeed, having adopted the new theory of colonial dependence, to ex pect from any of the colonies evea the common courtesies whioh friendly nations observe to wards each other ? A few more such despatches as those of Lord Granville, and the new liberal scheme of empire will become perfect. There will be no colonies." On Saturday afternoon, the ship Commodore Perry, Captain Black, arrived at the mouth of Bombay harbor, with s cargo of coals on fire, which explodod just at the inner light vessel, and the ship has since been burnt to the water's edge. It seems that the Commodore Perry,." whioh is a vessel of 1979 tons, left Newcastle on-Tyne with a cargo of coals on the 9th March, and touched at Galle for orders not till the middle of last month. The cargo was dis covered to be on fire on Tuesday last, and the hatches were battened down on Friday. The fire continued to increase, and latterly the men were unable to live in the forecastle and could scarcely go below. Bombaj harbor was made on Saturday evening, and a pilot was shipped near the outer light-ship. The heat and smoke were then very strong, and at nearly 20 o'clock an explosion took place, which burst open the hatches and the fire then spread over the ship. Unfortunately the steward (a Brazilian) met a sad death just at that time. The oaptaiu had sent him below to the after cabin only a few minntes before to fetch a bottle of beer for the pilot, and when the explosion took place it was at once feared that he must have perished below.. Search was at once made, and ihe poor fellow was found suffocated in the oabin, the wind through the fore hatch having probably driven the smoke in upon him till he was poisoned. Another of the crew was a good deal injured by the explosion, one of the hatches being driven, on him and severely hurting his. arms. After the explosion, the ship was anchored near the inner lightship, and Captain Black and five men, accompanied by tha pilot, went off in a boat to ask assistance from the- transport Euphrates, which was lying in the harbor. A boat and crew was dispatched under the command of Lieutenant Hume and Navigating-Lieutenant Farrant, whilst Lieuten ant Smith, of the Malabar (the- men of which, are at present on board the sister ship, as ihtt Malabar is in dock), also left with a boat a>nr\ crew. On reaching the burning ship fchr v slipped her anchor, and (the wind being fr Jm the W.8.W.) she was run before the wind j n t O . shallow water, and then souttled abau' gOO yards off Karanjah by the carpenter *b ■' j[ ga }j. maker. On communication with the K\j- jh ra tes Captain Black was recommended to r e £ oT t t ne * matter to the dockyard authorise*, and lie at once went ashore and shortly after mid night in formed, them of the circumstance They then stnt ont waterboats and a tug • , uich ca m e up to the burning ship in the tr iOrniug . Wat( £ w«s kept on the ship but with i itt i e avail, and she was burned down to tb< d Wttter - S edgo and totally lost. Captain Blae)-., wo 9 i lou]d Bayj re . turned to his ship after communicating with the authorities. He wr 3 aghore a in in thfl course of the day mfor ming his ngen ts, and was endeavoring to.got br , atg to oto the M but did not succeed m r ecuring any . Tbc C ommo dore Perry was at . irce .decker, and formerly be longed to the B> ack BaU Hne of mail J kete She was an old veB . el> but had recently uuder . gone thorough repair - Captain Black has pre viously b.er 4 t0 Bombay, but not for some years. There hey, been tbirty-cight hands on board after thr deafh of tJ)e steward> and tup , e al _ got I tno*p clo lies into the boats and got safely [ asho fC . and tne moat o f the men arc now in I tb'd Sailor's Home. The ciiptnin had taken his I chronometers and the ship's papers with him when he first left the ship, and these are all : saved.— Bombay Oaxetle, August 31. 