OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, November 5, 1869. The Earl of Derby, who has filled so large a space in the public eye for three decades of years, has at length succumbed to age and infirmities, somewhat over the alloted space of Y-Sterce score years aud ten. His Lordship was expecting the oft-deferred visit of tbe Prince and Princess of Wales to Knowsley this month. But it was not to be. An attack of his old enemy, the gout, found Lord Derby less able to offer resistance than formerly. He became seriously ill about the 12th of October. There was then a slight rally, wbich, however, proved deceptive. His strength began rapidly to give way. On Sunday, the 17th, His Lordship ceased to take nourishment, and on the follow ing day became unconscious. Iv this state he lingered till the succeeding Saturday morning, taking no food, and suffering little pain. The spark of life was kept in him by a naturally stiong constitution till his vital power had ebbed away. In accordance with his explicit instruction-, his funeral was private and unos tentatious, his remains being interred on ' Friday laat at Knowsley Church, and followed by few mourners save his immediate relatives. Though Lord Derby has taken but little part in publio life since his resignation of the ! Premiership about two years ago, his death has created a void in the Conservative party, which no one else can 61L The papers have teemed with , memoirs of this distinguished statesman, but only one or two features of his public career j need here be adverted to. When he entered . public life aa plain Mr. Stanley, both his father aud grandfather—the latter giving the name of "Derby" to the celebrated race—were still ' alive. Their opinions and i-flae-.ce were Identified with tha Whigs, and the young Stanley devoted his eloquent tongue, when he entered Parliament, to the advocacy of Liberal measures, auoh as Parliamentary reform. But : from the first he stood by the Established Ohuroh, aa surly as 1824 opposing a motion made by Mr. Hume for a reduction of the Irish Church. A young man with such antecedents and abilities was marked out for high office. For a short time he was Under-Secretary for the Colonies in Canning's short-lived Ministry, and whan Earl Grey cams iv after tbe Reform BIU, he became Chief Secretary tor Ireland, iv whioh capacity he had some severe personal conflicts with o'Con_eil, and brought in that excellent measure of national education with whioh his name is identified, as well as the Bill for relieving the Irish Church of ita superfluous bishops. Subsequently he be came Colonial Secretary, and carried through Parliament the Emancipation Act, which the real of Brougham, Wilberforce, and Clarkson had forced on the Government. In 1834 Lord Stanley separated himself from the Whigs on the question of the Irish Ohuroh—he, with Sir James Graham, the Duke of Richmond, and others, resisting the proposed appropriation of its surplus revenues to purposes of educa tion. It was with reference to this secession that O'Co-ncU, in his most humorous manner, twitching his wig and rolling his eye, quoted the couplet after which H. B. made one of his beat sketches : - - Still down the steep romantic Ashbourne glides The Derby Dilly, with its sir insides. The secession of the Derby Dilly put a stop to all sohemes for the appropriation of the funds of the Irish Church. In 1834 the accession of his father to the Earldom of Derby converted Mr. into Lord Stanley. Hu Conservative leanings now became more apparent. He joined Sir Robert Peel in 1811, retraining the seals of tbe Colonial Office, and taking his seat in the Upper House by special appointment during his father's life time. When in 1845, in consequence ofthe Irish famine, Sir Robert proposed the repeal of the Corn Law?. Lord Stanley seceded from tha Government, and soon after the great Minister fell, and Lord John Russell succeeded him. Lord Stanley in 1851 became the Earl of Derby, and the acknowledged head of the Conservative party. Proxies were then iv vogue, in reference to whioh it used to be said that his Lordship carried the House of Peers in his pocket. With Mr. Disrselli he now pursued a policy of re sistance. Lord Derby has since been the head of three short-lived Administrations, Mr. Disraeli always taking the lead. In 1866 the Tories, in conjunction with Mr. Lowe and the Adullanutea, prevented Earl Russell's Cabinet from carrying their measure of Parlia mentary reform, and Lord Derby was soon again in power. Then came the ilyde Park demonstration, a Tor) panic, and " tbe leap in the dark," which landed the country in house hold suffrage and His Lordship's illness. To Mr. Disraeli, who succeeded him, His Lordship gave buo'u counselaad support aa were necessary. **->3nt the tide of events was sweeping past Lord Derby. He *to<*-_ limorrt alone among eminent Conservative peers in giving to the Disestablishment Bill of last session the same energetic opposition with which he had en countered the Suspensory Bill in 1867. His last publio appearance was a melancholy occasion. In the final compromise arranged between Earl Granville and Lord Cairns, Lord Derby was not consulted. He went down to the House, and heard publicly from Lord Caims's lip for the firat tune of the transaction. When that leader had dona bis Lordship rose, and mutter ing, " This is not the place for me," tottered out of a House where he was once supreme, but where bis reign was at an end, and which he was destined never more to enter. If Lord Derby has not left a mark upon the histo-ry and legislation of l_ngland ; commensurate with his aplendid abilities, it is owing to bis rasilen ana combative nature, family position,, and dislike of industry. The. two great m-:a -aur-aa with which he waa identified—tha aboli tion of slavery and the Irish system of national education—were not strictly his own; and but for his foolish antagonism in late years to every measure of liberal improvement, his Conserva tivs followers would not have bad to bewail the enactment of household suffrage. To his powers of intellect and character the Daily aVow pays the following generous tribute :— "Even in those orises when popular feeling was most alienated from him, the English nation had at bottom a real liking for Lord Darby. He impersonated some of the qualities whioh his countrymen most admire. His manly and intrepid bearing expressed a nature to whioh fear waa aa strange as it was to Lord Nelson himself. He never quailed before a foe, and he never deserted a friend. The unexampled away which he exercised over his party was due in aotae degree, probably, to the adventitious circumstances of birth and fortune whioh distinguished him even among English peers. In a still greater measure it waa owing to his gnatttntelleotual superiority, and to powers ot oratory unrivalled among poli ticians of his own standing, and not excelled by even tha most brilliant of fail younger contem poraries. But the firmest bond between him aud them was that personal loyalty to those whom he lad which called forth a responsive allegiance as strong and unwavering on then part ; that ohivalry of nature wbioh leaped for ward to meet every challenge, and did not count the odds. Even the mistakes of Lord Derby's career had their origin in qualities whioh every one may admire. His conduct on various occasions showed a very mistaken esti mate of the considerations whioh should guide a state-man. Bui the uprightness and noble ness of his motives cannot be reasonably im pugned. He waa a man of generous but narrow impulses, who acted with entire honesty on i am—ay of an infinitesimal portion of the cons, derations by which a calmer intellect and j more judicial temper would have been swayed Evan the vices of his tempaiament, his habitus haughtiness, and his occasional arrogance wan bat the reflection of a character whiol scorned everything that was mean, and wouli pt-tonotenn-withpietendera. The scorn wa. afteu misapplied, and ahowed rather want of di-scerntnen. in the mind that felt it than win* of merit iv its object. Lord Derby's intellect and char.ctfr were well expressed iv ilie phrase by ?;.ich au eminent rival once desig nated iiisor.t .ry. He was described by Lord Palmeiston as the best "off-hand" speaker who had ever sat in Parliament. Lord Derby's impressions, judgments, and aotion? were "off hand." None can wonder that he fell into many mistakes. But in spite of them, and in some degree even through them, he retained the unbounded personal affection and political confidence of his fol'owera, and the respect and liking of his opponents. His erect and spirited bearing, his impulsive aed vigorous yet flexible eloquence, his relish for the manly sports of Englishmen, his tincture of literary tasto and classical scholarship, were qualities which have a powerful attraction for his country men. A private life of stainless honor and generous af fection has reaped the reward of a domestic sorrow richer in tribute than the universal regret which accompanies the fall of the fore most man of his party and his order. "He was the noblest Boman of them all." In a similar spirit the Times remarks on ha personal qualities:—He was a splendid specimen 3f an Englishman, and whether he was engaged in furious debate with demagogues, or in lowly conversation on religion with little children, or in parley witb jockeys, while training Toxopho lite, or rendering Homer into English verse, or in stately Latin discourse as the Chancellor of his University, or in joyous talk in a drawing room among ladies, whom he delighted to chaff, or in caring for the needs of Lancashire opera tives, there was a, force and a fire about him that acted like a spelt Of all his public acts none did him more honor and none made a deeper impression on tbe mints of his country men than that to which we have just alluded — his conduct on the occasion of tbe cotton famine in Lancashire. No man in the kingdom sym pathised more truly than he with the distress of the poor Lancashire spinners, and, perhaps, no man did so much as he for their relief. It was not simply that he gave them a princely donation; he -worked bard for them iv the Committee which waa established in their aid ; he was, indeed, the life and soul of the Com mittee, and for months at that bitter time he went about doing good by precept and example, so that myriads in Lancashire now bless his name. He will long live in memory as one of the most remarkable, and indeed irresistible, men of our time—a man privately beloved and publicly admired, who showed extraordinary cleverness in many wsys; wag the greatest orator of his day, and was the most brilliant, though not the most successful, Parliamentary leader of tbe last half-century. Lord Stanley has now succeeded to the ances tral title and estates, and there has been abundant speculation as to the role he will assume. The difference between father aud sou can hardly be better summed up than in two little stories which are certainly goo 1 enough to be true. Lord Stanley is said to have observed, "My father would be a very able man—if he knew anything *." and Lord Derby, when asked why he bad not sent his translation of the Iliad to his son, is rumored to have replied that he was waiting till it should be printed in proas, aud published in the form of s> blue-book. The new Earl of Derby, phlegmatic, well-informed, broad and liberal, but philosophical rather than generous in his sympathies, despising party combinations and tactics, and thoroughly utili tarian in his views—the new peer has now the field before him. Though cordially attached to Mr. Disraeli, he cannot very cordially sympa thise him, nor is it expected that he will choose to become in any sense the Conservative leader in the Upper House The question of his future position becomes all the more in teresting owing to a remarkable article which appears in the current number of the Quarterly Review. This effusion, which if not written by the Marquis of Salisbury, is understood to have been inspired by him, suggests a new policy for the Conservative party. They are invited by the Quarterly to retire to their natural position as the defenders of the institutions of the country, to eschew alliances with Radicalism, to give np all thoughts of office for years to come, and devote themselves to a re organization of their strength after the fashion of Sir Kobert Peel in the years preceding 184 L In due time, by ttaking this course, they will attract the more conservative elements from the liberal aide, and strengthen their hold on pub lic opinion. It is implied, though not actually suggested, that Mr. Disraeli must be thrown overboard. But the Ex-Prime Minister is a necessity. The Conservatives are as little able to discard him as they are oapable of passing a self-denying ordinance of exclusion from Down ing-atreet for some years to come, though that may, under any probablecircunistances, be their fate. So they mil apparently go on in tbe old style, with the situation considerably modified. There will no longer be a Lord Derby to rally their enthusiasm and command their homage, though there will be a Lord Derby who will be willing to hold tbe balance and moderate "stupid" Toryism. Mr. Disraeli, deprived of Lord Stanley in the Commons, will be more than ever essential to the party, and more than ever daring and inventive. Lord Salisbury will exercise but little influence as au independent Conservative in the House of Peers, less eveu than the Earl of Derby, who will at least assist his party when he can. It is a bad piospect for the Conservatives, but their present despe rate position is the just penalty of having sacrificed their principles for tbe sake of oflice. ~ I t r - 9 I < - I i - a a a i c t i e - i y i a c c . n : 5 i i ai c * I a Ministers have already begun to hold their Cabinet Councils for the consideration of tho programme for next session, and of course the air is filled with rumors. It is supposed tbat their Irish land measure has been under con sideration, and both the Times and DaUy News concur in the belief that what is called the Ulster custom will form its basis. This consists in the right of tbe ontgoing tenant to sell what is called the good-will of tbe farm. "A far mer," says Sir Thomas Bazley, "might not have improved the land he cultivated in the least, but perhaps he held his farm at a reason able rent, and he said he would not part with it unless he got two or three hundred pounds for doing so." As Sir Thomas Bazley states tbe case, the proceedings of the hypothetical far mer appear rather highhanded. But what if he himself has paid the £200 or £300 to his predecessor on taking possession, which he demanded from his successor on quitting; and ao on indefinitely backwards? This usage which is the real custom of tenant-right does not, as is sometimes said, go back to the tribal organization of the country, bit expresses the conditions of the English and Scotch Pro testant plantations. A certain fixity of tenure was the condition of settlement, and is the basis of what seems to Sir T. Bazley an inex plicable practice. The payment for the good will of a farm, which is often made by land lords themselves in dispossessing the occupier, is a recognition of a kind of right of user in the BoiL The occupier practically buys the moral right, which it would be easy to make legal, of continuing in possession of his farm so long as he fulfils the conditions of his tenancy. If he is dispossessed he is of course entitled to his purchase- money, in addition to the value of his improvements. Both landlords and tenants are found to abuse their rights founded on this custom, and as compared with a system of leasea it possesses no advantage, except that it is esteblished in <-ertain districts. Perhaps all that is said about the Ministerial BUI is mere guess work. Bnt we may assume that, like the Irish Church Bill,it will be complsteandfinaLWhile the subject is being discussed by responsible Ministers of the Crown, it maybe well to glance at the present condition of Ireland. During the month an active agitation has been going on for the release of the Irish convicts under the auspices of an Amnesty Association at the head of which is Air. Butt and Mr. Moore, M.P. There have heen mon ster meetings in all parts of Ireland, and though here aud there the clemency of the Crown has been asked as a mat ter of favor, the prevailing tone has been one of menace. An amnesty has been demanded as i a matter of justice to Ireland, and some of the most prominent speakers have indulged in se i ditious threats if their mandates should not be obeyed, ao as to disgust so uncompromising an Irish patriot aa The O'Donoghue. That hon. \- gentleman in a published letter thus expresses his indignation :—" How my dear countrymen in their cells must curse the vanity of the heartless spouters, who would persuade the world that, while powerless to save the captive from being dragged within the prison walls. they can nevertheless extort his release. It is / this loathsome fustian that keeps the door locked, and not the nnappeased wrath or vindi-tiveness of either the Govern ment or British people." Under these ds 1 comstances there was but one course open to the Government. Writing in reply to a memorial from Limerick the Prime Minister expresses his deliberate judgment "that to advise the release of the prisoners would be a contrary to our duty as gn-rdians of the public security and peace." Mr. Gladstone's letter is r no curt refusal of the demands of the memo , rialists, but a full exposition of tbe views of the I Government on the subject, written with ar i admirable mixture of kindly feeling and firm ness of purpose. ;It is absolutely unanswerable , Notwithstanding this answer, which still lefl \- the door open, the Amnesty Committee have resolved to prosecute their agitation, and ot \- Sunday weak they held a great meeting in Hydi Park. Mr. Moore tells his countrymen tbat he has now no confidence iv Mr. Gladstone, " the head gaoler," and Mr. Butt hints that, "whei r necessary, he knows that he can call ou not 200,000 but 500,000 men. Local Amnestrj t Associations are to be formed throughou d the country, though, as the Dean of Ti-alei s (Boman Catholic), says he wishes he could be lieve that the men who, for the past twt \- months, have been keeping up a "wicker c agitation for the release of the Fenian pri \- soners, did not foresee tbe result of their pro \- ceedings—that they must end in riveting th. w chains of the Fenian convict?. He believes a however, that they were well aware of the ten i- dency of the agitation, and that, nevertheless a for the sake of ephemeral popularity, or to pu . money in their purae, they persevere in it. l Simultaneously there has been going on i , Ireland am agitation for fixity of tenure. I h haa been taken up by Boards of Guardians, an. d carried on by monster county meetings. W a: read of 10,000 persons being present at Navau 13,000 at Cavau, and 7,000 at Scots town. Spike ;of the meat successful of these demonstrations i have token place in the Northern province, lat which a resolution has been proposed Ito tbe effect " that the Ulater_ tenantright, j existing on only a few properties in this county t(< '-van), aud eveu ou those iv a modified form, afford h no adequate remedy for the injustice complained of, or inducement to the occupier of the sod to invett his capital or labor." At nearly all these meetings very strong language haa be-_n used, and fixity of tenure conditional on due payment of rent demanded. The whole country is deeply moved on the subject, ana though Sir Colman O'LoghLan hints that the present Cabinet wiil settle the question "uuleaa th waited by extravagant demands," the popular feeling finds expression in the language of Sir John Gray, at Clare. " Henceforth," he said, "they should stand on their own laud with God si their chief landlord—with this decree, registered by the people themselves, that while they gave to the human landlord his rent fairly, honestly, punctually, and equitably, God alone shall disturb them from their homes." (Tre mendous cheering), lie ridiculed a Compensa tion BilL At this meeting there were groans for " bad landlordism," aud cries of " Release tbe prisoners." For a while the amnesty movement and the tenant right agitation have been going on together with a tacit understanding. But as tbe former has begun to assume a Fenian tinge, the farmers have fought shy of it. The new turn ot affairs was illustrated last Monday by a striking incident. One of the many county meetings which has been summoned in support of the tenant-right movement was to have been held at Limerick on Monday, but scarcely had the proceedings commenced, " when, on a given signal, nearly 20,000 Fenians rushed into the Market-square, and, dashing impetuously up to the platform, tore it asunder in a few minutes and carried the fragments to Garry- j oweu, where they made a bonfire of it amid eheets of triumph." Roman Catholic clergy men on attempting to calm the multitude were I greeted with a shower of stones, and many ot the farmers received Ulusage. The outrage is believed to be the result of a decision at the Fenian head-quarters in Dublin, that no con cession on the part of the Government, not even fixity of tenure, would be accepted as a measure of conciliation unless preceded by the liberation of the political prisoneis. We have thus striking pruof of the statement of Mr. Gladstone in the letter above referred to, that Frnianism is far from dead. there nas been a pretty hubbub during the month apropos of the nomination of Dr. Temple to the vacant see of Exeter. That honored gentleman, who has been for some years past Scad Master of Rugby, was, it will be remem bered, one of the contributors to the celebrated "Essays and Beviews." His own paper waa harm less enough, and contained the substance of a sermon be had preached before the University of Oxford without objection. When the volume was published it was expressly declared that each contributor waa responsible only for his own essay. Subsequently, when there was so loud an outcry against "Essays and Beviews," Dr. Temple, by way of vindication, published a volume of sermons preached at Rugby, full of lofty Christian sentiment and devotional feel ing. However, a large section of the clergy have seen iv Dr. Temple only one of the authors of that volume— septemcontra Christum they were called—and they have been busy writin*; letters of denunciation and memorial ising the Dean and Chapter of Exeter to refuse their sanction to the appointment. Dr. Posey entered the lists, and in a long letter urging resistance, described the nomination of Dr. Temple as "a hon ibis scandal," and called upon the diocese of Exeter to rise against the Bishop-designate. As for others, says Dr. Pusey, "there is nothing left but to pray and strive that the Church should be delivered from the tyranny of the State at any cost." Better to face at once what must come in 10 years at latest; better to be bared of all external help, if need be, now, than when paralysed. Archdeacon Denison writes in a similar strain, also demanding disestablishment if the nomination should be peraiatetl in. Ac cording to the Archdeacon, by the election of Dr. Temple "' a direct and intolerable offence and treason will have been committed against Christ and His Church, and it will become the duty of every Churchman to labor actively and steadily to dissolve all connection between Church and State." The Record chimed it. "Disestablishment and disendowment," quoth the Evangelical organ, " are as nothing com pared with an arbitrary and despotic exercise I ot power directei against the vital principles by which alone the lamp of truth can be kept alive within the heart of any Christian Church." Combined actionagainstDr. Temple was resolved upon, and it was announced that the Earl of Shaftesbury and Dr. Pusey would be mem bers of the Joint Committee. His Lord ship, however, t bough willing to "join in any solemn dignified protest against the appointment," deolined any such al liance. The attempt at combined action was still persisted in, and at a meeting at Cockapur street a. large and comprehensive Committee was nominated. But "they all, with one consent, began to make excuse." Earl Nelson repudiated tbe proffered place on the Com mittee. Dean Close was indignant that it should be supposed he could unite with High Churchmen; the Beys. Daniel Wilson and Daniel Moore also deolined. The Bey. Hobart Seymour would have no connection with Dr. Pussy ; and Dear McNcile considers that divine "more dangerous to the best interests of our Koforcied Church than two Dr. Temples." The tide now began to turn, and in articles and letters the merits of the Bishop-designate and his orthodoxy were set forth. The hopes of the Evangelicals rested on Dean Boyd, but that clergyman writes to Dean McNeil that unless he has legal proof of Dr. Temple's heresy before hitii he dare not commit "an act of disrespect to the frown and unfairness to an individual by refusing to elect him to an office to which his Sovereign has called him." Canon Cook, editor of the long- looked-for " Speaker's Commentary," who was expected to be one of j the Doctor's strongest opponents, has declined j the task; and Archdeacon Downall has written to excuse himself, for he is afraid he may be " fostering rebellion" and fighting against Pro vidence by voting against the nominee of the Crown. It has rieen officially announced that f ier Majesty has issued her congi oVilire to the Dean and Chapter of Exeter, requiring them to choose a new bishop, in an accompanying missive naming Dr. Temple as the person whom they liave leave to choose. The election will take place to-morrow. Bishop Trower, who lately administered the diocese for Bishop Phillpots will lead the opposition, j b'tt no doubt is entertained of the result. Dr. j Temple will, it is expected, be elected by 14 to 8 votes. Mr. Gladstone replies to one remon strant that '' the highest and most responsible authorities ofthe Church" have expressed no dissatisfaction with the nomination, and sug gests that his correspondent may " relieve his mind by reading Dr. Temple's sermons. These sermons, however, according to Dr. Pusey. only help to fix the charge of heresy upon Dr. Temple more firmly, for, quoting a review, " they might all have been written by a Soeinian." The Doctor himself tells the clergy and people of Bugby who have expressed their regret at parting with him, and their great admiration fur his character, that he thought it his duty to accept " a position to which he was called both by the authorities of the State and by the number of people who seem to think he would rie moie useful there than at Bugby"; but he never expects to pass such enjoyable years again as he has spent ?_t the school, for "here he bad never met with \- misconstruction, and it was impossible that , this should be his lot hereafter." To an [ address of sympathy from some of the Devon shire clergy — and there have been many such—Dr. Temple replies that if "in the r Providence of God" he should become the Bishop, he will " co-operate heartily and ener . getically with all who devote themselves to the service of God in purity and in love." , Probably he will become one of the most \- popular members of the Episcopal Bench ; and, . after the election, he has promised a full cx i planation of his religious views. The late . agitation may, or at least ought to, have the _ effect of bringing about the abolition of the i conge df elire, and of " tbat awful mockery of ; the invocation of the Holy Ghost on what is, a after all, a foregoae conclusion." . Disestabl-shnient is the main topic of clerical j .meetings and Episcopal charges—disestaliliah b uient and friendly relations with tbe once con r temned Nonconformists. Again and again these _ points were referred to at the Church Congreasat \- Liverpool, and the prospect of losing the alliance of the --tate was received without dis o may. "The 'old ship,'" said Archdeacon a Emeiy. "is running upon the breakers." "The r Church," said Archdeacon Denison, *' is gone -," a and when he said it, a voice cried out, *' You c are right." Canon Trevor said he agreed with c Archdeacon Denison that the " Church was is gone. They would have to quit, as anothei >- Church had done." To save herself at present, ie said Mr. Hubbard, she had to " clutch at and n cling to any straw." The Bishop of Rochestei i- tells his clergy that "if any great change _, should take place, the work of the Churofa Pt might go on in its regular course, and the c nation be scarcely sensible, except by the with n drawal of some external privileges, of anj le diminution or loss of its acoustomed spiritual c minibtratio-s.' The Bishop of Ely owns it dif c ficult to mat. out a plausible ease for a Churol •n Establishment in England now that we hav< it Scotland witb a Presbyterian Eatablishment y and Ireland with no professed creed oi it Oil-Teh." Then comes tbe learned anc 96 sagacious Bishop of St. Davids. Dr c- Thirl wall told his clergy last week that ro though he did not anticipate any imme rd diate danger, he views the abolition o: i- the Irish Church as a sign of the tin.es, ant o an indication of tbe direction of public opinion ie This might naturally make them feel uneasy a. He, however, feared little from those without n- but apprehended serious danger from within is. Some things he considered inevitable. It wa at not possible to doubt the disruption of th Church into two or three sections, one o in which would soon be merged in tbe Church o It Borne. id The course of ecclesiastical events iv Eng Te land will he materially effected by the out n, come of disestablishment in Ireland. A present all goes well At the grout lay con ference held in Dublin about the middle of last month, the Duke of Abercorn in tbe chair, it was resolved that there should be two lay to one clerical delegate to the general Synod; that voting should be by orders and not in one assembly—a large concession to the Bishops aud clergy—and that the laity should have power to take cogni sance ef questions of doctrine and lu-i -pline, with a view to check the spread of sacerdotalism. The latter is a sore point with some of the clergy, who talk of seceding if the right is conceded, but Archbishop Trench and his clergy have acquiesced, and the Dublin Mail writes:—" We trust that separate coiin- ; sets are now for ever at an end ; and that, as the Church has spoken well-nigh unanimously, a small knot of mediaeval clerics will no longer ' be suffered to trouble ita peace or obstruct its most necesstry work." The general Synod will probably be held next month, and preparations are bung made for the elections—the constituency being male ' adult members of the congregations, 21 years of ' age. In a published letter, '" An Unbeneficed Clergyman" of Oxford, states as the result of recent observations in Ireland, his belief that the Free Church " will flourish in a way that numbers who hug the chains of the establish- j ment in this country little imagine," and be quotes the opinion of a Roman Catholic Priest, that his Church will find the Free Episcopalian community a far more formidable antagonist than has ever yet been tiie case. > • The educational campaign has fairly opened in prospect of the Government Bill of next ses sion. The vice of the present denominational system is that it affords help where it is least needed, and leaves whole districts unprovided for. How is this deficiency to be made good. Early in the month the National Education League was inaugurated at Birmingham with an effective conference extending over two days. Its programme is as follows :—"Object—The establishment of a system which shall secure the education of every child in ra-_I-*-a and Wales. : Means—L Local authorities shall be compelled '• by law to see that sufficient school accommo.la tion is provided for every child in their district. 2\. The cost of founding and maintainiiig such ! schools as may be required shall he provided out of local rates, supplemented by Govern ment grants. 3. All schools aided by local ' rates shall be under tbe management of local ' authorities, and subject to Government inspec- ' tion. 4. an schools aided by local rates shall be tan-ecta-ian. 5. To all schools aided by ' local rates admission shall be free. 6. School accommodation being provided, the State orthe local authorities shall have power to compel the attendance of children of suitable age not other wise receiving education." The League has for some months been quietly but actively at work- It has formed branch associations in most of the large towns, has secured the adhesion of some forty M.P.-, many poisons of influence in all walks of life, and about four hundred ministers of religion, and starts with a fund of £15,000. ' It has decided that a Bill embodying the prin- ' ciples of the League shall be introduced next ' session, and a number of papers were read, explaining in detail how the objects of the \ League can best be carried into effect. > The Education Union, the rival Association, ] has been Iri-Mi-g its Conference at Manchester this week, and obtained the support of bishops, ! nobles, and a number of distinguished educa- 1 tionists. The object of this body is to improve ? and extend the present system, supplementing ' present deficiencies by providing for the chil- ' dren of paupers and vagrants, and by more < liberal grants to infant mixed and evening ? schools. It proposes to prolong the half-time ? system, to grant aid tbo denominational aa well < as secular schools, and require a conscience ' clause in aU aided schools. The objections to 1 the programme of the Union are forcibly stated i in a letter by Mr. Winteibottom, M.P, who J says:—" A voluntary denominational system I is, as I have said, at once insufllcient aud • wasteful. A denominational system aided or endowed by the State is, in my opinion, cry- ? ingly unjust. As a Nonconformist, I dissent entirely from the statement in your programme i that the inculcation of religious and moral truth is a proper part of a system of national i education. In my opinion it is no part of the < duty of tne State to inoulcate religious and > moral truth ; but it is part of the duty of the ' State to see that its citizens receive the ele ment- of secular knowledge. The attempt to reconcile equality of creeds before the law witb ? a State-endowed denominational system of ' Bohoola, by offering to parents a conscience clause 1 and a choice of schools, is illusory. Parents can 1 have a choice of schools only where there are several schools equally accessible, which of itself is a great waste. The conscience cla-tee is either ineffective, or, if effective, is con clusive evidence that secular and religious teaching can be separated. And this is all for whioh I contend. Let tbe Irish model school tystem be established here. Let secular teach ing be in common, and religious teaching at ' fixed hours by >he several religions teachers apart. I cannot forget that what we claim here we cannot refuse to Ireland. Denomina- ' tional education may do little harm here. It ' is only insufficieat, wasteful, and no just. But ; denominatijnalism in Ireland would be the death-blow to Protestantism. This, as I have : reason to know, is being rapidly learnt there." ' The working classes for the most part, so far as they have an opinion on the subject, are in : favor of a national unsectarian scheme with a compulsory provision. So also is a large section ' of the middle classes. The great difficulty is < how to introduce a new scheme, -nd at the same time utilise the vast educational tnacbi- : nery at present in operation. The League arc i not for strictly secular education, but would allow the use of the Bible but no sectarian : teaching. Tbe points at issue are thus stated in a general way by the DaV.y News: —"One thing is clear, whatever our Lord Robert Mon- ' tagues or Lord Edward Howards may say, and ' that is, that the people are not being educated. Another thing is also settled in the court of public opinion, and that is, that tbey must be educated. A third thing is < almost settled, and that is, that Go- ] vernment must educate them. The League starts on three assumptions, and the Union must do the same. It is too late to spend valuable hours in provinrr that we have only to ' remove *a phantasm of educational destitution,' < as Lord Robert Montague called it. It is too late to discuss ' the Conscience Clause' and ' tbe ' Revised Code.' We. need a new measure, uni versal in its operation, and entirely national in its administration. Tbe question is whether this new measure shall be an extension of the present system, or an independent addition to it; whether it shall be based on rating, or sup ported from the Consolidated Fund; whether it i shall be compulsory or voluntary; and whether it shall be managed by local authorities with central supervision, or be altogether cfn-r-alised. On some of these points there are differences within both the League and the Union, and agreements between them ; but the one great issue which appears all through these Man chester discussions, and imparts the slight dash of bitterness wbich gives them piquancy and flavor, is the issue whether the direction of the education of the country is to be in the hands of the clergy, or whether it is to be in its secular aspects a matter of lay concern and lay adminie .ration." The Pall Mall Gazette is publishing a series of articles, " Through the Vineyards," which are well worthy the attention of South Aus tralian wine producers. The writer has been through some of the principal wine districts of France, and describes with a good deal of ani mation what he saw. One thing is manifest from what he says. The best wines are not ob tained without immense care and labor. The grapes are not thrwn en masse into the press, but weeded, and all the stalks removed. They thus get the pure juice of the grape, and avoid adulterating it with tbat acid wbich comes from the stalks and deteriorates the qua lity of the wine. This trouble seems to be well worth the while of the proprietors of French vineyards. Is it not w :11 entitled to the at tention of Australian growers, who-.e grapes can hardly be inferior to those of France ? Per haps if such attention were bestowed in the preparation of the luscious berry on your aide the globe South Australia might successfully competewith France in European markets, and your export of wine in course of time become something considerable- One er two facts relative to the great meat question are deserving of record. In the first place, now that cold weather has set in, the foot and mouth disease, which has been only too general, is beginning to subside. It is im possible at present to say what devastation it has caused in our herds, but it has certainly greatly limited tbe supply of milk in the neigh borhood of London. Next, I understand that tbe projected dinner on a large scale of Australian meats will shortly come off at the Lambeth Baths. It will be a working class banquet, but there is likely to be an influential attendance of their friends in high life. A similar banquet ia to take place in Paris, and the project is re ceiving the cordial support of the Emperor in person. With their cooking genius and facilities it might be expected that Australian preserved meat would make way amongst the French much faster than on this aide tbe Channel. However, it is quite possible to report progress in London, and all Australians will be pleased to read the {following descrip tion of Mr. Tallerman's enterprise, given in tbe last number of the Observer .-—Among tbe earliest and most peroervering importers of Australian meat has been Mr. Tallerman, of 1 Norton Folgate. The method by which the meat which he brought over is prepared and pre served differs from that adopted by other importers. A joint of meat—it may be ribs of f beef or a leg of mutton—is boned, salted, I rolled and covered with a linen envelope. Over the linen is a thick coating of fat, which acts in tiie way of hermetically sealing what it covers. Notwithstanding "opinions of the press," and [ the favorable verdictof several partiesof working , men, whom Mr. Tatier-tnan banquetted on the s various preparations of his meats, their pro- : f greas in popular appreciation was not very i f rapid. At length it struck Mr. Tallerman that if people were loth to buy his meat and cook it . themselves, they might take it more kindly if . he gave them the offer of it ready cooked. t Accordingly, about four mohths ago, he opened a portion of his premises as a dining-room, and set op a cook and a set of coppers ou hie own account. Tbe piece de resistance in the modest bill-of-fare was "Irish stew," composed of Ans tr-lian meat, British potatoes, onions, and [ o-u-rots. The tariff fixed waa one penny ster ling for a fair-sized platefal of what is really savory and wholesome food. As an alternative ' pennyworth there was a plateful of pea-soup (the stock being Australian beef |, and a slioe of bread. At first the "penny dinner-" were Thy no means a promising speculation. On the first day there were four customers, one of whom ate three platefuls and then wanted his money back. In the early days many people came in and asked if the meat used in making tne dishes was Australian, and on being answered in the affirmative emitted a sniff of contemptu ous disgust aud walk-d out. Bnt by and by the tide began to turn. A good many penny dinners were sent for from theraeighboring work shops and factories, and by the end of tiie first month more than 60 dinners a day were consumed. Then, like Phaeton's car, the penny dinner acquirit vires eundo ; before two months were over 600 waa tbe daily average. Now quite 1,100 a day are disposed of, a goodly share of which are eaten on tiie premises, whilst numerous pannikins come children-borne from a radius of more than a mile. The rush at midday is quite ovei-w-relmi-tg. On Friday last 40?. were taken in pennies between half past 12 and half-past 1. The acoommodation lor the diners on tie premises has become quite insufficient; and Mr. Tallerman ia in treaty for the adjacent City of London Theatre, which he proposes to convert into a, monster dining- hall, and which will accommodate 1,600 persons. Last week a branch est**lUbment was opened in Boswell-atreet, Islington, and it is a significant circumstance that, whereas at Norton Folgate, within the first month the average of dinners had not reached 100 a day, that figure was reached in Boswell-atreet within four day-. Of course there is a great variety among the horde of ciistomers. The working classes, both male and female, predomi-ate ; the ladies, who at tbe outset were the bitterest against the "rubbishy tack," being now among the most constant -r-ustome-a, and peculiarly prone to the luxury of a aecond coarse. But there are large numbere not be longing to what are generally known aa the working classes. City clerks have begun to find their way down to Norton Folgate for a cheap, plentiful, and wholesome dinner. Some of the younger lads go in for luxni-iou? feeding at a most demoralising rate, having three courses for the sum of 3d. The foUowing is the menu: — Bouillon (pea soup) and bread ... Id. Irish stew do. Meat pastry (sausage roll) ... do. The quantity of provisions required te feed all this great multitude is consid-rably greater than the five barley loaves and two small fishes. More than half a ton of Australian meat ia daily consigned to the steam boilers, of whioh there are four, each h-lding go gallons. Two hundred weight and a half of Hot vegetables and three sacks of potatoes go into the cauldrons along with tiie meat, and tile combination comes out of them in tiie form of Irish stew. The pea-soup is in additi n. Then there ia an extensive aale of sausage-rolls—over 800 per day. Tbe art of preserving meat has not yet reached perfection, and many wise heads are busy with the subject. Mr. Bichard Jones, of Botolph lane, M.K.C.S., has taken out a patent; and at a dinner given by bim tbe other day it is said that one and all, "including gentlemen in terested in rival systems," pronounced ids pre served beef to be the bast they had ever tasted. It was " firm aa an ordinary roast joint, and almost as rich in flavor." Such is tiie opinion of Dr. Lankester—ns mean authority. But fatality seems to follow all attempts to utilise the beef of the South American pampas. Eighty carcases, it appears, had been shipped in the City of Buenos Ayres for England, after having been duly imbedded in "ice, sawdust, and charcoal;" but they were thrown overboard 30 days after leaving port, the meat having " turned bad." Meanwhile, as the Daily Tele graph remarks, it is satisfactory to know that science is furnished already with other and fat more hopeful means whereby to solve the diffi culty of annihilating both time and apace, and making beef growers and beef eaters happy by one and the same process. I aeud you some particulars of the Britiah- Indian Extension Telegraph Company from Ceylon to Singapore, and have only here to aay that all the shares are taken, ao that the enter prise will be carried out. 