SOUTH-AUSTRALIA. . (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, April G. South Australia is approaching a state of political ecstasy, iuwhichshe will hardly know Whether to be best pleased with herself or with her neighbours. Her foreign relations are satisfactory, for out of compliment to the new Governor she has abandoned her chronic feud with the Colonial Office, and her feelings toward the other colonies are so amiable that not even the miscarriage of the Customs Union Conference could ruffle them. internal affairs are so determined to conduct themselves quietly that Mr. Strangways, the Ash machine of opposition, though he has scarcely been six months in office, has already exhausted his pugnacity. In his last engagement with the ex colonel commandant of volunteers, Ko fought single-handed against a select committee of the, Assembly, three fourths of the officers in the force, a very considerable portion of the public, and, if rumour be not all the greater a romancist, also two Governors. His victory was so signal that he has been resting for a whole fortnight on his laurels. The object of his displeasure was put to flight after publicly boasting of the Vice-regal protection he possessed, and of the dilemma into which he had brought the Government. Major Warburton, the late commissioner of police, is now at the head of the volunteer force vice Biggs, removed. Through the timely relenting of the Deus ex machina, the Ministry escaped that most vexatious of Ministerial calamities-a crisis in recess. Peace reigns in Victoria square, and Cabinet meetings might be adjourned sine die without detriment to the public business. Sir James Fergusson has fitted himself admirably into the Viceregal socket, and the clearest proof of his cool headedness is the regularity with which all the constitutional machinery revolves round him. He has been fortunate or skilful, whichever it may be, in finding the proper medium between the King Log and King Stork styles of administration. Without stepping out of his own sphere, or betraying any tendency to of business, he has contrived to inform the public of his private opinions on several important points. Though given simply as opinions, they will leaven the future policy of the Government, for on the subjects to which they refer, local politicians were previously so much at sea that they would have struck out for the first beacon 1 they caught sight of. The one His Excellency I has held out to them will be none the less acceptable for having the Vice-regal arms upon it, It is bright enough to let daylight into the very foundations of the Wakefield system. Sir James has said enough to enable old colonists to convict him of scepticism in that Magna Charta of 1838. In one of his provincial speeches, he warned the farmers that at the Treasury both ends were only being made to meet by subtracting several hundred thousand pounds a-year from the national capital. According to the Wakefield system, however, these several hundred thousand pounds, which in effect mean the proceeds of the land sales, are only converted into another form of national capital, namely, roads, railways, and public improvements. Had Sir James gone a step further, and questioned the economy of many parts of our public works expenditure, his warning would have been complete. Possibly, had he felt himself free to express all he thought, he would have reduced the issue to this point, which is the only practical one We cannot refuse to sell the public lands, and what is to be done with the proceeds if the road boards and the engineer in chief are no longer to share them ? Lodged in the bank? We incurred ridicule and trouble enough through that kind of economy three years ago. The money must be spent, and Sir James ought to supplement his previous advice by enlightening us on the best way to spend it. The ghost of Wakefield has not been the only sufferer through these post- prandial criticisms. Sir James had initiated himself in local finance by studying the last budget speech, which was jocularly characterised at the time-as budget-making made easy. After his first public performance, he was recommended to study the audit returns if he wished to fathom the mysteries of the Treasury He did so, and, at the first opportunity, confessed that they had staggered him. He had waded through all the red tape in Downing-street, and seen behind all the scenes in the Circumlocution-office, but he had never known arithmetic gone mad till he was introduced to the auditor-general of South Australia. Sir James did not express his sensations quite so bluntly as this; but it is the meaning which the public could plainly read in them. And no one who had preceded him in the exploration of this financial labyrinth wondered at his amaze- ment. The audit returns had all along been known to be utterly unintelligible outside the Audit-office, for they cut up the revenue and expenditure into five divisions, and then, by means of transfers from one to the other make a hotch-potch of the whole five. The muddle has been tolerated hitherto, on account of Sutherland's act, to the requirements of which it had been pro- fessedly adapted ; but the truth is, that it dis- torted the act, and now it has helped to bring it into disrepute. Whether the Sutherland charter should stand or fall, the Audit- office is to be reformed. The Government have resolved to appoint a commission to investigate the department, and organise a new system. Two private accountants are wanted, I believe, to assist the Treasurer in his Augean undertaking, but they are, apparently, hard to find, I presume you have heard of no Victorian yeoman giving up Grant's Act in disgust, and coming across here for a trial of the Strang- ways land system. So far from attracting population, it has hardly escaped the fate of the prophets who have no honour in their own country. It has been close on two months in operation, and the extent of settlement affected under it is eleven hundred odd acres, while the amount of relief it has administered to the bona- fide agriculturist is under three thousand pounds. Its friends have not even the satisfaction of blaming the had times for their disappoint- ment, because land is selling freely under the old system. At a sale where seven or eight thousand acres may be sold as before for cash, only a few sections will be taken up under these credit clauses. It is a fact that during the past two months any man might have gone into the auction-room, had a section knocked down to him, offered twenty per cent, of the purchase money in lieu of four years' rental, and settled forthwith as a bona-fide agriculturist ; yet the farmers have not fallen in love at first sight with the Strangways specific for easy farming. But Mr. Strangway has a second string to his bow in the agricultural areas, which were forced upon him in much the same way as the 42nd clause was on Mr. Grant. They were originally adopted as an appendix to his own competition and credit doctrine ; but they will now have to be made the mainstay of the scheme. The first of them, I believe, are ready for opening g as soon as the term of pos tponemen t fixed by the Legislature shall expire, namely, six months from the passing of the bill. If free selection within areas does not suit the bona-fide agriculturist, he must relapse without further complaint into the bondage of the auction-room and pure Wakefieldism. Such an issue might greatly comfort the con- servatives, but it would be consideration for the colony. The farmers cannot greatly blame the wheat market for the cold encouragement they have given to the land reformers. If it be hardly what it was before Mr. Grant destroyed the balance of trade between the two colonies, it is equally far from justifying the apprehensions which succeeded that calamity. The surplus of 80,000 tons, which at the commencement of the season was assigned to the foreign trade, is being reduced at the rate of fully 2,000 tons per week. The Customs returns to the end of March exhibit a gross export of over 20,000 tons for the quarter. If it can be maintained, as it most likely will throughout the current quarter, two-thirds of the surplus will be disposed of by the middle of the season. The exports of the latter half are, however, invariably on a smaller scale than the first. 1,000 tons per week knight possibly suffice for the spring trade, but there need be no apprehension of its proving too much. It-would exactly clear the estimated surplus, and holders evidently foresee no difficulty in making a clearance, as they are grow- ing firmer in their demands again. The current quotation, 5s. 6d. per bushel, is not much under the maximum of the season. The local mines are progressing at the orthodox South Australian canter. On Yorke's Peninsula they are raising are very energetically where they have got it, and, where they have not got it they are searching for it with no less energy. There are now four copper mines doing positive service to their share- holders-the Moonta, Wallaroo, Parramatta, and Wheal Hughes Several more, such as the Yelta, New Cornwall, and Wandilta, have realised a very great improvement in their prospects, though it has as yet assumed no very tangible shape. The prospecting ventures which were resumed toward the close of last year are still being prosecuted with vigour, but hope deferred tells heavily in the shape of calls, and is making some of the city adventurers heart- sick. Speculation has very much subsided on change, and a confirmed advance in copper must come soon if it is to be revived. At present Paramatta are the only mining shares that are freely negotiable, and the demand for them evidently far exceeds the supply. There are about to be two additions made to the working silver mines. The Potosi Company, having obtained eleven ounces per ton from a trial crushing with Mailey's machinery, propose to erect a complete plant on the mine, and develope the lode from which the trial stuff was raised. The Glen Osmond, which is the real pioneer of our silver mining, having been worked by an English company sixteen years ago. is again on the market, and I be I lieve has been fairly received in King William street. _ 