SALE IOROUGIU COUNCIL. THURSDAY, 24th JUNE. A metingot' the Borough Council was v hold this evening at seven p.m., when r there were present-P. Platt, Esq., Mayor, and Councillors Ross, Trood, Tracy, M'Ghee, English and Cartor. The minutes of the two previous moot- f ings bhaing been read and confirmed, I Cr. M!'GJCE rose to state that he con. c sidored the resolution arrived at at the ( last meeting of the Council, relative to t impounding cattle on the streets of the t Borough, had nqt received that consider- t ation to which it was entitled, and that it s would press rather heavily on some o parties. Cr. EnousnR explained the object of g the resolution and its necessity. The MAYOR: Are the minutes correct P 't Were the resolutions as now read, passed P , - Cr. M'Gr?F : Yes. The following correspondence was then rend by the Town Clerk :- 1 From F. L. Smyth, Esq., M.P., of 15th inst,, with copy of petition for 1 '`Railsway extension to the West- u ern districts," and urging the in. habitants of Gippaland to follow the t example, and petition for a railway to Gippsland at once, and stating that the railway committee, of which lie was a member, would probably recommend the n North Eastern line at the expense of p £6000 or £7000 per aile, and that after ii the money at that calculation, had been expended, there would remain a sum of between four or five hundred thousand d pounds.to be disposed of. a Cr. CAOºten moved-that it be considered n at this meeting. Agreed to. s Fromn the Chief Secretary's Ollffico, Melbourne, of 10th instal., calling attention s to.sections 20, 30 and 32, of " The Legis- tl lativo Council Amendment Act, 1805: " Received. - From the Town Clerk, Sandhurst, of p 12th inst., with a copy of auditor clause a proposed to he inserted in Borough t' Statutes Bill, and inviting the support of n the Sale Borough Council. Received. s From Law, Somner, and Co., of 22nd i: inst., acknowledging post offico order b for 10s Gd, for expenses of plants for the I Botanical Gardens, forwarded to Sale. R Received. V From Nathan Trew, contractor for r lighting the lamps within. the. borough a explaining cause of failure of lamps not, c burning lately. To be considered at this e meeting. C From Secretary to the Avon Shiro Council 22nd inst, regarding storm water i at the Turf [Iotel, and stating that, any plans, &c.;, submitted by the Sale Borough Council will receive favourable coinsidlra- a tioni. - t Or, M'GsEa moved that this letter be c onsidered by.the Council in. committoo at the close of the meeting. Agreed to. -Letter from Secretary to the Avon a Shiroe:Council as to'letter received by them -from Mr Quinan, Sale, regarding the state of the boundary road, and in quiring if -the Sale Borough Council :x 'wiuld join th?i't in ropairing the road re-. ferrod 'to, and forwarding' copy of Mr Quinan's letter., • -, Cr, M'GsrEi moTvod that this letter- be considered in connoeion with the previous one. Carried. From Secretary to the Avon : Shiro Council of 22nd inst., intimating-that the report of. the Lakes' EntranceConforence Iommitteo was road nd adopted by that Council at their mectingon 21st., inst. and forwarding-copy bf minutes of said con. forcneo hold on 18th inst. " Or. TRACT moved that the report of tl o Lakes' ' Conforoiince Committee' be considered at the present iiddting. Agreed to. SFrom Robert M'Conuoll of 17th fist., requesting permission to cut the grass in the Botanical. Gardens. . Cr.' ENorsn imoved and 'Cr. COATIonn seconded, that this letter- be' considered at the present mooting. Cairriod. SCr. Tnoon, presented a pdtition'from several burgesses of Fostor-st. stating the gravel- already spread on- Foster-street lihd'groeatly nimproved it, .and praying thattlio sidos of that 'stiee between the gravel now spread, and:the footpath mnight bosimilarly dealt with. He stated that he had been asked to present this petition, but as he did. not quite agree with its' requests;, he had declined doing so, and had advised the parties to put it in the box of the Council Chambers. He " believed heo Council was at present short of funds, and on that account he would be inclined to refer it to the Finance COm -ilitteo .to see if there were -any fuut s a.ailablo for the purpose. Or. Ross rose to a point of order. He considered the Council could not discuss this until it came before them in a proper manner. Cr. 'lnoon then moved that the polt. tion be received and considored at, the present mooting. Or. TanAo seooonded the motion, Cr. Ross wished ,to speak. The hiatooisaid he could not do so, as the subject was not before the meeting at t present. Cr, ENousirs said if any Councillor had I objections to the. petition being re- 1 ceived, he ought to be allowed to state them, and protested against the Mayor's ruling, and to Councillors being put down 1 in this manner. HIfe thought the Mayor was not justified in conducting business in this extraordflindry manner. The MAJYoa stated there was no motion at all before the a'feting~'it was only to the effect that t4e petiti?bn be received, t and when it came under. consideration thle Coiincillo'rs would have an opportu. I nity of speaking upon it. The petition was then received, to be e considered at this meeting. Cr. EcNULser presented memorial from certain ratepayers, drawing Council's t attention to the fonsing at culvert at intersection of -York and AMacalister streets; and moved that it be considered at the present meeting, and said that if t no other Councillors were allowed to speak on the subjects brought forward, the Mayor surely should not take up the time of the Council in speaking about matters not belonging to the business of i the meeting. Tihe MAYon said the petition would j come up in the proper course of business, i and Councillors could then express their opinions. Or. ENacLIsn objected to such lruling I on the part of the Mayor. Cr. Ross brought up and read the re port of the Committee of Works, and moved lthi it bho recoived and onsildered < as the third order of the day, , Seconded by Cr. ENoaLsH and carried. Cr. Ross read report of the Finance Committo, and moved that the same be received and considered in connection i with the fifth order of the day. Agreed. Cr. TRooD brought.forward and read the report of the Gardens' Committee, and moved that it be received and con sidered in connection with the fourth order of the day. Carried. The M:ron then read the report of the delegates appointed by the Council to confer with the delegates of the Avon Shire Council. regarding the main road at west side of Sale, and moved that same be received and considered at present meoot ing. Agreed to. The MAYoit, before commencing the business, read a letter received by him i from W. Little, Esq., l'resident of the Avon Shiro Council,-regarding the state of the Punt-lane, stating that the Avon, Council could not make repairs required there, on account of,Lho. difliculty of ob- I taining proper gralehiheio Mayor thought there would be no discussion upon the subject whorl the matter came under their consideration, as lie thought this Council would not object to the Avon Council getting what gravel was required. Cr. Ross 'moved that it bo considered I now. - The MAvon said they could hardly do I so, as it was merely a private letter. The matter was then allowed to drop. The Towir CLibic read the report of the I inspector of Nuisances. ) The MAYo0R read the letter from the I Town Clerk, Ballarat, and the resolution mentioned in same. No member taking action regarding this, it lapsed.. Onanrs or mirs DAY. aJI. sTAELErY'S LTl,'r??la. The MAYon thought the Council was 1 not ompowered to vote money for the purpose required, without first obtain, ing the sanction of Ithe Governor in Council. Cr. Ross considered this should not be dealt with hurriedly, as the object in view as stated in Mr Stavoley's letter, was a r most importantoneinisd shaould bhave the support of this Conticil; and the request complied with, provided there were t sufficient funds at their disposal ; but us I this was not the ease at present, they would be prevented doing anything band. some. H-e said he would like to see the proposal for a museum put before them in a more distinct and open manner before the Council identified itself with this movement. He should not like to see the specimens, books, &a.;, put out of the way in a back room and neglected, a-d the best room devoted to some other purpose. t Ilo thought the Council entitled to a guarantee, that whatever money might be voted should be applied to the" right pur. pose, and he thought it would be of groat advantage to the public if the idea were creditably carried out, and proposed that consideration ot this be deferred to some other meeting of the Council. Mr M'GxiaE would like to know if Salo could support' two museumsP (Laughter.) - Cr. Ross moved that the consideration of the letter from the heon. stieretary, ind the promoters of tlmlinusoum 'be post poned for three months" .",-- : - SSeconded by Cr. M'Giifnaisd' oanrrid. REPOR or OF THE WoREB COMMIITRmE. Cr. Ross moved, and Cr. TRAct seconded tihe adoption of the report. Cairried. *'sbvORsirP INANCE COaIMeTTEs, Cr. Ross. readthe report of' this com. mitte,; recommending the following pay monts, and moved that it be adopted. Sconded by Cr. Caerisn; and carried .. ',- ,;-. ·PA'YMNTENTS. - i. , Geoghoegan, salary: to 15th instant... "... ....£16 13 "4 John Buirns, contract 06, 1st:T instalment ,... . .. 15 0,O 0 JbhnS; Strange, contract 95, i lst' instalamont ..... . 0. 0 0 Z. Burton, "Fostotr.street,- ' forming and gravelling ... 12.14 O0 Cr. -TnooD rod'the report of the Garden's Committee, showinig na balance in their favour of £36 7s 8d., arid belioved it would take the greater portion of this to pay a man to clean thle salks and keep the gardens in ropiir according to speci ficdtions. .: , ; :. .. -. A councillor heroe wished' to know iwheri theose specifincations wero P ' Cr. TRneoOD : Well, I really dontt khnd. (Laughter.) Cr. Treeood said it might bo all very ii cll for councillors to laugh, but whoen areport is put into his h'ands, Iwhich he has not lhadl an oplportnuity of reading p'eviously, he found a difficulty in making it out. .. . " Or. Tn?oArY: Of course, why a man lately went to have a look ant the gardune and could not, find these -out ?i: Cr. ExonsmU said it was not right to treat thm subiect in such a wayit ought to ho be considered in a 'businoss likeo manner. The Garden Committeeoo haod only £30 7s 8d to expload, and could not t bua'ld a cottage. with tihat sum; bhit they Sintroded:to lay it out to the best ndvan tage in keeopingdown theo" beds and Soloaning tlihe'walls. The TowN OC?LBI thon' re d the speoi eetications referred to. -;": Or. Tnoon moved;anc .(r ISontsn r seconded the' adoptioe ofltihe report: Cr CAnTEn wishod to' nowhm if there were nota letter'to bo:reand'in nonneliou c ith this report.- - Cr. ENonsmti ceplained: thlht the letter referred to a separate matter. Ca. Ross, considered that a long time had passed without any work having been in done in the gardens, and would the Coun cil absolve the committee from their labours, or what other course would be proposed ? Ca TRACYer would ask if the committee could build a cottage without bricks, as , they had no money at present to pay for them, but if the Council would advance L100, they would build the cottage and a look after the grounds properly also. t OC McGneE could hardly credit that any money at all had been spent on the I gardens. The Mayor considered the committee had done quite right in first looking to the state of the garden feuce, which required to be made cattle proof. a and it had taken the greater part of the money voted to do this. Cu Tnooo's motion was then put to the meeting and declared carried. a AMENDED BlOROUGII RATES, 1860. Cr M'Gui?e mnored that the borough i rate for 1869, as amended in the rate book pages 48 to 51 be confirmed and adopted. Seconded by Cr CARTER and carried. Cr. TRoon moved "That the Town Clerik be instructed to employ day labour i in reducing the footpath adjoining Lord's Markelt hotol, and spreading sufllicient gravel to make a thoroughly good cross- t. ing; the loength of pavement to boe reduced 22 feet." Itoe said the width of the road at present was 66 feet, and his object was to reduce it to 22 feet, as drays were ii the prcntieo of crossing at the sides of the present road. Ho considered the work was so necessary and so greatly ro quired 'that it 'neded no further coom' meat. -f Cr. M'Guec, in seconding the motion, t said it was very necessary to protect the o footpath, as on account of there being no recognised crossing there, the drays crossed at all points. It was only a small t matter and would not cost much, and would prove a great boon to many families residing there ; and 22 feet would afford plenty of room for getting in and out. t Cr. Ross objected to the motion, as there was a general regulation of the Council to the effeoc that parties are ob- . liged to make these rights-of-way at their i own orpense, after getting permission from tho Council; and if they apply money in this instance, it would be doing away with these regulations. He thought I the parties wishing this work done should ask this Council for permission, and they might then get a subsidy to assist them. H is opinion was that a few loads of t gravel would be of no service when so many drays were constantly passing, and c he would like to secure a good right-of. way to those living thereo. Or. TRAcY would not oppose the motion a if put in such a form as to meet the ob- r jection of Cr. Ross. He agreed with Cr. Ross that last year the principle alluded to by him was recognised and acted upon by this Council. The HAyon said that those same parties had asked permission from the Council to I do this work a long time ago, which peor. mission had boon granted, but that they b had done nothing in the matter since, and b heo agreed with Cr. Ross that this Council 1 has no right to expend the borough funds a in the way proposed. lie thought that j parties in similar cases to this should help themselves. Ho did not grudge the money, but wished to uphold the principle. Cr. CARTERn always understood the question of making riglits-of-way was, as put by Cr. Ross and the Mayor, that the 1 Council should be asked for permission to a make them, and the parties should do so at their own expense when such led to t private property. He considered this i was not a public road. Or Mi'Gir?e thouilht. itiwas made t merely'a question of haircsplitting. By t all nieans leave parties to make their own rights of way ;but this work was intended to save tbo lbothpath which- the Council had already been at the expense of a making from further injury, and if not , done now, it would cost more to do it hi afterwards. 01 Cr. ENGassn said there was some mis a apprehension in the minds of the coun o cillors, this was not a right of way in the C ordinary sense of the term, but a private P street. It would only cost a small sum to save the Council's property, and he thought it ought to be done. He saw no reason to refuse such a small matter, when the parties had boon led to build their houses on the understanding that thoro was to be a street. Cr Ross said that in the case of Bond strct,' the councillors had to pay the amount out of their 'own pockets. t Cr. ENeLrasH stated that councillors personally never paid a shilling in the pound towards the oxpenso of any works done in connection with rights of way ; thore was no need for them to pay it, and they haind never been called upon. liHo considorod it the duty ofl' the Council to undertake the work. The AYron said he had paid 25s. on ( behalf of work done by IRobertson ,Wagner and Co. r On the motion, being put, there appenred in favor, Cdunoillors M'Gheo, Inglish, aimd Trood, and against it, Counoillors Traoy, Carter, and Ross, and the Mayor giving his casting voto against, the motion was lost. COr; M'GHEE thought this was straining at a Gnat, and swallowing a Camel. ;Or. CARTER:would taklo any remarks made on the subject after theo motion had been disposed of as personal. Or. ENacsLrsir moved-" That specifica tions be proieparod and tenders called for repairing and gravelling York.street from I the Turf Hotel to Fitzroy-stiecot, such tendors:to be considered and dealt withll by !the .Committee of Works on Tuesday next.'e" Befoto iore moiney was spent, in one end afYork-street, thoey should mnkeL a good road0to afford- parties free naccess to tho town.' bIt had becomoe a common saying that people could always know whena they woro approkiehing Salo by their buggies pitching about like a ship In a storm. lelo was sorry the prosent stato of the financies' would not allow of the carriageo way, being made vory wido, but it could be made fairly passable so as to remove the:causeoof-re.c :proachos at present thrown, against the codunaeil. ' , SSeconded by On TnoY: haid carried. SOn the motion of Cn ENoaIsrc, it was decided to consider'tho letter from-P. L'. SSmythKEsq., ini commnitteoo. Or CARTER moved "that uC'd'Connoll's Slotter be roeferred to thel Gardens Com. Smitteo to be dealt with by tlhem. , Seconded by Or I'Ross and carriod. SOr. Tnoon readl petition froim burgesses in Foster-street, stating "That tho'grtavol laidt Sdown in Foster-street has greatly improvedtl tile means-of traffIC in: that street, but the sides of thoecarriago way being loft in their former state makes tlhe approach tdothe places of buesiness more' forbidding thatn Whenn the Swhole street was muddy," anid 'asking that gravel shouldl be placed on the aides of the Sroad alsod, He thoughit it was questionablo a if the Conutil hadl the means of complying with thti prayer of the petition, and it might r h'athe bsat.course to refer it to the Finance Comudtteo,.' '. Cr. CA?:TEO would like to know if it weas u necessary to be done. si Cr. TIuooo : It is most necessary. th The MAYvor: You lmust first recosnnend SI that the Council assent to the petition before ti proceeding to discuss it. m Cr. EIxOLIust reluested the Town Clerk to di see what funds were available ; if there were ft enough, then thei Council could do it, but if te not, tt must he laid aside for a time. o0 The Town Clerk said that £51I had been b set apart for Foster-street, and that J38 of tl this had been alreadly expended. The MAAY0:, seeing there were only £12 to C perform work costing £20, would refer the h matter to Finance Commnittee to see where d the funds are to come fronm. I1 The TowN CIm?er stated there were 300 at yards of gravel intended for Foster street, tl and 150 yarlds hadl not yet been spread. V) Cr. Caurrit sulbnittdl that this tliscussion C was very irregular from beginning to encd. w The Mlavutt: It is very irregular, I ti admit, c. Cr. CArTEa thought the petition made at its appearance in a very curious way. In Cr. TUAC" : It "arrove" or " camrne" qt here, and its respeetable parents appear to ho ashamed of their adopted hautling. (Laugh- tl ter.) at Cr. Tnoon thought tle only question was, pi whether the Council could expend the funds w in any better manner. vI Cr. Ross moved "That the petition from w residents in Foster street be safely conveyed F to the waste paper basket, if it is not con- ua necessary to preserve it as a memorial of the ct greed and selfishness of that purtion of the n ihabitants. C He said he was alone responsible for o this motion, and was not afraid of looking all the inhabitants of Foster street in the ri face about it. IIo thought it would show h good taste in theou to wait until all the other ti streets gout a fair share, before asking ft for moro for Foster street, but they fancied tl they ought to be attended to before all d others, and not content with what it they have already got, they say ti "give us more, more I" lie considered at the Council would not bo justified in expend- tb ing more money in Fosterestrcot until the C other streets wore first looked after, and after o other works stro d1one there will he no funds t; availableo. The Council ought to proceed as g they best could with all the streets on the p principleo of dealing fairly with every one. i The inhabitants of Foster-strcet could do o what they wanted at their own expense, at t a very small cost, and they did not deserva c the sympathy of the Councle. He said he a had not sufliciont command of the English c language to express his indignation at the I prayer of the petition; they were always a asking for more, and wore never satisfied. The MAYon thought it was a very severe motion to put to the vote, and was sorry to it see that the mover hail apparently lost his i temper about it.- HeT asked if any member n of the Council would secolnd it, but no one tu came forward for that purpose. c Cr. ENoerssn moved, " that this Council at considers that the funds at present available y are insufficiout to complete the gravelling g: required," and thought as the memorial was fi courteously worded it should not be ti treated in such a manner as had been p done. iHe had no hand in getting it up, but lie believed in the importance wt and necessity of the work mentioned, at and when money was available, councillors at had a perfect right to express their opinions a how it ought to be spent ; why should they at be accused of trying to misappropriato the tr borough funds ? IIo did not believe in Cr. T Ross's indignation, he thought it was feigned at and that it was only one of that Councillor's juikes. p Cr. Mo'GHlue in seconding Cr ENourIn's tI motion, did not wish to alludo to Cr Ross o: saying that ho (the speaker) was champion it of Raymond-street ; he still thought Foster-. street had a very fair share of the rates hI expended there, and had twice the width laid with gravel that any other street had, i and they must now rest contented. n Cr CAITEeR supported Cr Ew?NoLs's mo- (4 tion, and would only say that the Council I was not in a position to gravel the streets n from one footpath to the other. Ie wished a to speak of the irregular manner in which e the potition had been forwarded. He con- u sidered it was most unfair for a petition of v such iinportanee to be dealt with, on the it same night that it was received ; it should fa simply have been road and laid:on the table, E andCouncillors would have time to think h over the subject before dealing with it. For h his own part, he intouled to gravel the side to of the road at his propoty in Raymond-street a at his own expense, whenever the quantity ao of gravel was spread there as decided by the o0 Council, and thought the Foster-street pro- t. prietors should do so also. Cr. TetoY wouild also support the motion, sc and could not lose the opportunity of saying b that the Foster street people should not look a for more money to be expended there, while d other streets required so much. Ho migh a state that several parties in Rlaymond stree a were ready to bear the expense of clearing the 1) side of the road way there, so as to prevent c the storm water lodging in the gutters, so t soon as the Council would furnish them with I the levels and other information necessary I before proceeding with the work. He said c it would be a public scandal if this Council p consented to the prayer of the petition. On the Mayor putting Cr. Eaglish's motion c to the meeting, it was carried. REPORT OF CONFERENCE. The MAonvo hlaving formally presented and i road the report (already published in our i columns) left it to be dealt with by the I Council. Cr. TnAoY then proposed the following roe solution: "That the report of the conference hold betwooen thle Councils of the Shire of a Avon and( the Sale ilorough referrillng to the a main approahl to Sale from the west be redeived and +approved on the basisn of tlsoarrangement therein set forthl'." Hlie said as the Council were quite familiar with I every aspect of the subject relating to the a dispnto abount the bridges, it now only roe i manled for him as briefly as pbssible to c state his reasons in enpport of the resolution, By the arrangement now submitted for adoption as the joint suggestion of the dole. gates of the two, Counils, Sale would reap all the advantage ol having two good np. proaehes from..the west into the beat parts of the town. .' The sitm proposed to be ex pondol by tlhe Avol' Shire Council in making all approach to Cuninghamo street bridge fronm their territory if judioloiusly laid out, as ie had no doubt itbwould bo, would suffice to disakeo a good travellablo road; wllslt,-on tlh other hand1, thle interests of Foster street would be amply secured by its I becoming a portion of thb main line of road, the makling of which was to be subsidiscdby the Goverlnment to the extent of £500 a mile. If0 was quite sure every mllember of this. Council would gladly avail himself of an op. portuihity to conclulde arntter lwhich had well 'nigh occasioned a erious misunllderstanllding withl their friends in the Avnti Shiro, andll as 'nb: possihle good coull beI expected to follow Sif the settlemeit of tlhis business was' further delayed, hle lrl every colifldence thlatthe rosolutiori which he now bogged leave to s ibmit would be.passedI without opposition. Cr. Taoonbhad much pleasuro in seocon~ g the resolution, and was happy to know toreo Was lnow fair prospect of having two good roads into the town from the localities on its western bmundary. Cr. ENolisnl tholugilt the resolution should not p iss without soeie observationls. 'The SConnoillors had done what private individ i ua'n oluld not do witlou rolltulering them d selves amnatlble to the law, Jperhaps coming n0 dor the lash of the law. ThAcyhad " traest r ne'evs" tideal ewith, andl wouill he doing Swith it what thley were not entitled to do,a.n Stlhey couhl only l)erfohn 1u wonrkth as par. t liamenlt anthorised the1n1 to do, n1(1 by ex poending them in this lmanner, they wnuhl he Sguilty of gross public imnorallth. lie said g there were manly difflcunlties in the way of It nocoptllng this report. Eor inutance, the Rosedale Road hIard miglht say thalt thVey woIuld nilot make the road to We'ruk wnerruk unless this Council make them some conces siol. \e shouldi le giving tLe Avon Council the borough furals to Ie expended in the Shire. If that Council were bound to do the work, let them do it with their own money, it was evidently gross injusticet to divert umoney belonging to the ratepayers for such a purpose, Trust moneys require to he dealt with very cautiously ; the money ought to be paid into the funds of the borough to Le expended as this Council thought right. Cr. CARTER thought the speech made by" Cr. English the most extraordinary ever heard at this Council. The greatest difficulty hitherto has been an account of the Avon Council refusing to acknowledge any liability on account of the bridges, he thought that this money they were now to. expend did not belong in any way to this Council. The bargain between the Councils was, if this Council agree to the proelama tion of the main road, they would then expend the money in the manner proposed, and he did not see that talking about "public inmcorality" had anything to do with the question. Cr l:oss asked if they were to be told that this Council were not obliged to secure An advantage to t the ratepayers. Did the rate payers contrilbute to the borough fuaes without considering that they would get value for the nmoyv ? They had the bridges which were no good without a road. Foster street has now got all the advantage, and the residents there have no ground for cumnplaint. Whleu taxed with public imt morality, he would bring it before theo Council to see whether Councillors are guilty or not. Cr. TRAcY, in reply, said Cr. English had raised a ghost oly to frighten himself, and had gone out of his way to invent a sonsa. tional case purely imaginary, and about as foolish and unreal as it could well be. He, the speaker, was altogether at a loss to un derstand how there could be any difficulty in forming a right opinion as to the real post. tion in which this council now stood by thee action of theirown delegates. It amounted to this, and no more. The Sale Borough Council had constructed a bridge at the end of two of the streets, forming an approach to the town from the westward. They were good and useful structures, and both hadl proved a great convenience to the public, as affording facilities for traffic, such as were obtained from no other approach to the town. Our neighbours on the other side of our boundaries, the Avon Shire Council, said, " well gentlemen, as you have built a couple of good bridges contiguous to our boundaries as well as your own, and have also made, or are making, a good approach. to the suno from your side, well return the compliment and meet you half way by mak. ing a similar approach on our side." What more simple, fair, or straightforward arrange meat than this could have been come to by the conference ? The members forming that conference, acting as umpires, practically said "you are quarrolling anl disputing over your cake, so we will end the business by giving half to each." What was there un fair about that? It was sheer nonsense on the part of Or English to talk of " misappro. priation of the Borough revenue, and, " diverting trust moneys." If that gentle. man's case had boon a good one, and if his arguments in support of it would bear scrutiny, he had everything to lose and nothing to gain by offensive epithets and malicious inuendos. Perhaps Cr. English might have overlooked the fact, but he, Cr. Tracy, maintained that that gentleman's accusations against this Council about "gross public immorality," and his im plied charge of dishonesty in the assertion that " as a public body we had committed, or were about to commit, acts which, if done in our private capacity as men of business, would have brought us under the lash of the. law," and subjected us to the liability of " fine and imprisonment," was an un warrantable insult when directed against men not actnally convicted of crime. Ho (Or, Tracy) had heard it remarked that Cr. English's unreasonable opposition to this measure was only to be explained on the supposition that that gentleman wantedL everything done for Foster-street, and nothing done to Cuningbame.street. )e wished to guard himself against deliberately imputing motives, and therefore he was free to admit that it was quito possible Cr. English had no other intention than an honest. desire to do impartial and oven handed justice. If this were so, it wasmuch: to be regretted that Cr. English's conduct, and language certainly on this occasion had' an appearance the very opposite. - There was. one view of the case he should like to alludoe to before concluding; it was, that as thisa Council had unanimously agreed and con sented to submit the adjustment of the; bridges difficulty to a conference, and appointed three of their number as their own' delegates it was to be assumed, and rightly assumed, that the more approval of their' acts by the full Council was only a formal' business, antld would follow as a matter of' course. Courtesy, usage, and expodioncy' too, rendered such a course imperative, andl he could not see how such a natural and= palpable view of their position could haveo escaped the notice of a gentleman not. I generally given to forming a judgment on theo mere superficial aspect of a matter. There could be no misappropriation of monies not actually received, and as lie had pointed out when moving his resolution that the wholeo 1 town would bo bonefitted by the arrange. mont, lie (Cr. Tracy) should still support tho: n motion bafero the Council, even at the risk of " fine and imprisonment." The Mayor said he, as one of the delegates appointed by this Council, swas perfectly satisfied with the arrangomont arrived at. and that his conscience would never bo-e~ affected by the result of thIe conforence, andt as for such expressions as "gross immorality?. anid the other languago mano use of by Cr. ]Esvemoit, he must say he ha4 never hearml such language usedI at this table; nnd hoped he might never hear the like again, anmlut considered it was calculated to east a slur upon the wholo Council. The motion was then put to the mooting: Sand (with the exception of Cr English,)s: unanimously agreed to. ,The Council then went into committo..t:: 'Ou resuising, it was . resolved that \- Robertson's tndadr for drainage in Stawoll, SThomson and Pearson streets, obe accepted for the work slecified therein at 38 10d and. Li 5s. per chain respectively, arid that thbe 1 Town Clerk be instructed to havd such fur ; ther drainago carriedt out as ho thinks necl' Seasasry in Stawoll and Thomson streets by SA. Robortson at that prioe (.s; 10d per I, chain). IAIN AT TURT HOTBI,.- : y Resolved that the lettoeis now read be roe f erred to the conforoeco already appointed;c . s. aud thliat the 'town clerk inform tlto .:Avon Shire Couneil tothat offect, the coeifernco to 11 he held whenocver the Avon Shiro delogates. g sliall desire. S Cr. CATEn mnir ed that the rdsolutions i. v the lmatter of the Lakes' JIhtrance carried at? r the conferonce of the several lornl goverins g o Iodies at Stratford be adtlopted, and that the o Mayor benempoweredl to sign on :behalf of this Conncil a potition to the G•ovcrnmen based on theso-rto'utions. Seconded by Or.' Tnon antl carried. < Cr. TtAe:r moverd that a lottlr bowrtitor?, s to Mr F. L. Smyth to the following. cl'cect :-" That this. Council .acknowle, e withl thanks the courtesy ann? iforethliomtg ofI Mr F L Smythl in his valuable augge . lion csoected with 'tlis matter of r ii , extstiouo: to Gippslantl, hut t1has. thie 'rl-m Sway question nppears. to be tlispoiioed of for the preseut, by the.decision of the Chief Secretary as' comi~uicatedl to the recent Sdeputation; the memnbers of this Couthil are tnot in a position to avail themselves the sntggestiou. .I Mr Smyth will kindly pint to any actionl thal; imay hereafter he taketo losther t thls itlteresta of OiplmDand in the mattor..otT. C railway conmmnnic:utmstn, this' Council will lie haptpy to avail itself of the ram ." SSeconded by Cr. Ross, and carried. The useting then atdjournedl. 