DUEL IJETWEEN A LADY ADD A GENTLE 0r5A.-Our Paris correspondent writes :--" I have another duel to. report, this time be tween a lady and gentleman. M. d' Aure villy, theatrical critic of the Nain Faune, having said something which displeased Mademoiselle Duverger, an actress at the Gaite, that lady called him out, and the duel came off on Sunday afternoon at St. Ger main. Mademoiselle Duverger chose pistols, and at the first shot succeeded in' carrying off one of the locks of hair which adorned her opponent's head. Her seconds--two actresses from the same theatre-then declared honour satisfied, and the party wound up the day by s. dinner at the Pavilion Henri IV. This duel will, no doubt, be followed up by others of a similar nature, and I shall not be at all surprised to see half the actresses in Paris calling out their unfortunate critics, who, both in the name of honour and gallantry, will be obliged to accept the challenges of their fair adversaries. Really the gentle sex are going to nice lengths in Paris! I wonder what their Chinese visitors think of them ?"-Eoho. A WIOED unFUD.o-It is seldom pleasant to tell of one's self; but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession. I lectured in New York lately for the young gentlemen of the Clayonian Society. Dur ing the afternoon of that day I was talking 'with one of the young men just referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from some cause or other had become perfectly bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes this young man said, "O, if I could only see him laugh once more I O, if I could only see him weep!" I was touched. ' I never could withstand distress. I said "bring him to my lecture; I'll start him for you." "0, if you could but do it ! all our family would bless .you for evermore, for he is very dear to us. O, my' great benefactor can you make him laugh ?-can you bring soothing tears to those parched orbs?" I was pro foundlymoved. 1 said, "my son,'bring the whole party round. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there is a laugh in him; and if they miss fire, I have some others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other." Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my necir, and went after his uncle. He placed him in full view, in the second row of behches that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, and riddled him with good ones; I fired old jokes into him, and peppered him fore-and-aft with red-hot ones. I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and on the left, in front and behind; I fumed and perspired, and charged and routed, till I was hoarse and siclr, and frantic and furious; but I never marked him once. I never started a smile or a tear, never the ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture.' I was astounded. I closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek--with one wild burst of humour, I hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. I'never pleased' him. Then Ieat down bewildered and exhausted. Thopresident of the society came up and bathed my ,head with cold water, and said, "what made ye, carry on so towards the last?" I mnid, "I was trying to makre that confounded old fool in the second 'row laugh." And he said, " well, you were wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, andblind as a badger." Now, was that any way for.that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and an orphan lure me? I simply ask you, as a man and a brother, if that was any way for him to do? -Mark Twain.' E[rATccOnsDI?AY DEMOh'STcATION IN TIIE SPwossn: CosTses.-The delivery of a speech by Castelar, in the Cortes, on the subject of "I eligious Liberty and E?quality," was the occasion of one of the moet remarkable scenes that ever took place in any House of Parliament. On the 7th April, during the discussion of the new constitution, Oastelar, whoso impressive oratory recals the memory of Sheridan and Edmund Burke, spoke for more than three hours, dwelling chiefly on the subject of religious liberty. In the course of his speech, he scid.:--" We iecal the memory of the middle ages. Then they raised the Jewish synagogue by the side of the Catholic cathedral; and joined to the synagogue was the mosque of the Moors; and over all, the Catholic church extended itself, but for all this did not find itself less secure in the consciences of its sons. But intolerance commenced, and-it was horrible. .z In the city of Toledo there is a pulpit pre served, from which San Vicente Ferrar preached a sermon which resulted in the in habitants of the city beheading a large number of Jews. We have no agriculture, we have no industry, we have no learning, through maintaining this intolerance of re ligion. We are born, we live, we die under the anathemas of the Catholic church. " There is no other means to avoid this, but one--to separate for ever the. church from the state. The relations be-. tween the church and the state are such that either one predominates over the other, or they establish their relations by concordats; and you know well what difficulties and ob stacles these church contracts have created. The church has bewitched queens, and en chanted kings, and given that terrible his tory which the slaves of San Patrocinio cannot forget." At a subsequent meeting of the Cortes, on the 12th April, the Rev. Canon Manterole spoke with great energy against these views, advocated the preserve tion of Catholic unity, and declared that the adoption of such principles as those .main tained by Castelar would be the sure fore runner of the ruin of Spain. Castelar re plied, and in his defenceb f religious liberty : said--" There have been two ideas which never succeeded yet in the world--one teli-': gion for all, and one nation for all. Various illustrious pontiffs tried from time to time to . accomplish the first, but failed. Alexander, Ciosar, Charlemagne, and Napoleon tried to accomplish the second, and likewise .failed.... The idea of variety conquered the conque rors. The variety of consciences conquered the pontiffs- and the variety of peoples con- r quered the warriors." The concluding words of this thrilling'speech show that free thought does not, with Castelar, mean irreligion, and furnish a noble rebuke to those who, in the interest of ecclesiastical ambition, would brand free-thinkers with the stigma of in-, piety. "Great," he said, "is the. God of Sinai; thunder precedes Him, lightning accompanies Him, the light envelops Him, the earth trembles and mountains fall in pieces. But there is a God grander and, greater than that; not the majestic God of Sinai, but the humble God of Calvary, nailed to the cross, wounded, thirsty, crowned with thorns, gall on his lips, and yet saying -' Father, forgive them, forgive my execu tioners, forgive my persecutors; pardon them for they know not what they do.' Great is the religion of power; but greater is the religion of love. Great is the religion of implacable justice, but greater is the re ligion of pardoning mercy. I, in the name of that religion-I, in the name of the ges-. psl, come here to ask you to write on the front of your fundamental code--'Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity amongst all man-: kind.'" The scene which followed is thus. described by the correspondent of the Lon don Herald:--" When he sat down, he was. instantly surrounded by the members of the. republican left, who shook his hands and' embraced him, in the usualSpanish manner, i amidst the most deafening applause:from all. sides of the House, and from the galleries: above. But this was not all.. Several~of the ministers rose from the banco azul, and, crossing the floor went up to him,, followed& by almost the whole of the majority, whor were equally demonstrative as the republi-. cans. They grasped and shook his hands,: till one would have thought the arms would drop out of their sockets; they embraced, and hugged him, and many of them irrtheir. excitement kissed him I It was a never-to by-forgotten scene. To crown all, the stoical. livero, the president of the Assembly,. whose election to that high office is due to his persistent advocacy of the monarchical principles, which it is the chief pride and pleasure of Castelar to combat, could -not resist the general outburst of feeling. Whe, the applause and scene I have described had. lasted fully -ten minutes, seeing how impo$ sible it would be to restore anything likce order, he rang his bell, suddenly pronounced: the session (sitting) over; and instantly loft his chair and joined the rest in their demon stration. The next moment I saw himnot only grasp the gifted orator in his armns, but actually kiss him on each oheek I ". 