WINDSOR. (Biom a Correspondent.) It is not often that anything that woum in terest your readers happens in this quiet little town otherwise I should communieate with you oftener. For some time it has been apparent that a new and more commodious schoolroom was required for the increasing number of Catholic children who attend our school, for the present building, being of wood, and of ancient date is showing unmistakable signs of early dis solution. Accordingly a meeting of Catholics ?was held on Sunday evening to taiie tne neces sary steps to procure a new building and T am happy to say that the movement promises to be successful. The Very Rev. Dr. Hallinan pre sided and addressed the meeting upon the neces sity of taking immediate steps in this matter. Several other speakers followed in the same strain and a resolution to open a subscription at ©nee was carried. The Rev. chairman headed the list with the handsome donation of £50, which amount supplemented by those present was soon made to reach £100. The schoolroom contemplated will in all probability cost about £300. Advantage was taken of the meeting about the new school to introduce the subject of the annual excursion to the Catholic children of the district and a resolution to have the usual treat was unanimously agreed to. The excursion will take place about the end of October and the children will be taken to Sydney by rail and will spend the day in the botanical gaidens. Considerable excitement and some amusement Was caused on Monday morning by the rapidity with which our little member Mr. Walker was seen rushing about the town and trying to tear down ?ome placards which had been posted daring the cover of the night. We were all aware that the town of Windsor was to receive a visit from the Kiama GhoBt who in his capacity of President of the Council of Education had been invited to lay the foundation stone of a public school, and we naturally expected that the poli ial router to the late ministry would have made hi .?.-... i as big as possible on such an occasion. But. -*ven all this could not account for the intense excitement under which the Windsor M. P. was suffering, and it was only when I was informed by a friend of the contents of the placard that I fully under stood the action of Mr. Walker. Some printers devil had been at work during the night and left indications along the walls of the streets through which Mr, Parkes was to pass, that he did not care one jot for either the author of the Kiama Ghost, or the little man who represents the district of Windsor, and the great anxiety of W. W. was to pull down these posters before the procession started from the railway station. Now I did not see any of these famous placards, but a friend of mine who was about at an early hour described them as con taining in big letters the Ghost, the Ghost, and informing the inhabitants of the expected arrival of the British Lion, and that a grand dinner would take place in his honor, over whi^h the Windsor weasel would preside and during which the 'murmurs of the stream' would be recited by the Kiama Ghost. Such appears to have been the announcement that created such con sternation in our little community and I have been privately informed that Mr. Walker re ported that the bills had been printed in the office of ths Sydney Freeman's Journal. Whether such is the case or not I am unable to say but of this I am certain that all that Mr. Walker can say of your journal will have very little effect with the subscribers here. The ceremonies of laying the foundation stone of the public school I will say nothing about. You will, no doubt, see exaggerated accounts of them in the daily papers. 