LATEST INTELLIGENCE. [Br EiiEomio TELEOBAI-U,! SHIPPING. [FltOir OUB OWN OOnnEBPONDENT.J Sydnoy, Monday night. Tho Ilelon M'GroRor crossed tho Clarcnco Uiver bnr nt 5 p.m., on Friday, and arrived at Sydney, on Saturday, nt midnight. Tho Agnes Irving crofsod tho Clarence har ot i p.m. on Saturday, nnd arrived nt Sydney at 1 a.m., this j (Monday) morning. Tho Agnes Irving sails To-Morrow (Tuesday) ; and tho Plntypus daily expected from tho Macleay, will bo despatched on arrivai, for tho Clarcnco Uiver with tho plant nnd machinery of tho Clarcnco Sugar Association, now attulling shipment. Messrs. J, and AV Campbell's new iron steamer, intended for AoiClrbrenap Jtivcr, was launched on Saturday. SÄo Aa UtauifiU model with largo catry ing capacity. \ \ \ \ Tho steamer VAi\a i\ prVtsVg through Port Phillip IIe,nds struck on a rook, and reached tho Queen's Wharf, Mclbourno in a Sinking condition. [PIIOII CAPTAIN WISEMAN.] Sydnoy, Monday, 2 p.m. Tito Helen M'Qrogor arrived on Saturday night ; she will sall, if possible, To-Morrow (Tuesday) night. [MOX! OUR OWN OOItnESPONDENT.] Sydnoy, Monday, 0 p.m. Tho Intercolonial Customs Conference hold their first sitting nt tho Chamber of Commerce, to-day (Monday), Tho Pross is excluded. Tho city ls full of conn tty folk, visiting tho Metro- politan Agricultural Exhibition, which opens To Morrow, {Tuesday). A mooting of Mr. W. Pritchards' creditors was hold to-day (Monday). It is reported that tho return of subscriptions in Mort's shipment of meat scheme has boen postponed ; in order to givo time for a further trinl, Tho Hank of Now South Wulos has declared a dividend at tho rate of IS per cent, per annum. Tho Tasmanian cable has boen successfully laid. A lire ncouircd in Yoik-streot on Sunday, adjoin- ing M'Arthur's Btores. Fortunately lt was speedily extinguished. Mr, Alderman Hanny lias been clcctod Mayor of tho City of Sydnoy. \ Professor Smith, Mri Mollncnux, and Mr. Mum-in hnvo boon elected directors of tho Australian Mutual Provident Sooloty. \ - \ Tho mall steamer Mklta Wt a man overboard in rounding Cloft Island, bx a lionvy sen. Heavy defalcations liflvo been discovered in tho Supremo Court Onice, llrwliiuio. Mr. Gilbert Wright, tho deputy-registrar, ha\\\beon dismissed, and Mr, Wilkie, tho Attotnoy-Qoilcrnl's secretory, lins been suspended, Btniford, chief clerk In thc Rockhampton Custom House, absconded to Ciilllbrnin, leaving defalcations to tho nmmmt of £21,1, Mrs, Wincey, of Gawdor, South Australia, hat commenced nil action In tho Supremo Court, Adelaide, ngnlust Hr, llornciistto for dnmuges arising ii om his treatment of her, At tho Parftos Testimonial Fund puhllo mooting, on WcdnosdnjvcaViod by tho Mayor of ICiamo, not a dozon of Mr. Parkes' friends attended. It was stated that tho ghost.haOt\fr!ghtentd tho people. Thero -was no speaking. \ { \ . . Tho result of tho jnvosti'gaUon of tho Pilot Board intojho sinking of tho Hurricane in Hobson's Boy is that tho causo Ts not known. Mr. J. Milbourno Marsh, Pollco Magistrate of Wellington, in .tho Weitem District has beon appointed to sucooed Mr. E. D. Day; as Police Magistrate of Maitland. ..'« ? ? . Messrs. Glass and Quurterman,' of Melbourne, for the part they took htjtho biibory of certain members, have boon committed to gaol,by_ tho Assembly. They are confined in tho debtorVprlson, j they hnvo -what food they Uko to ordcr,*,nnd their own bedding, but otherwlso they aro essentially prlsonovs. Tho Supreme Court has ordered their release, deciding that tho Speaker's warrant was informal. MUHDE« OP Min. HALLIGAN, OP ROCKHAMPTON, Mr. Halligan, tho gold-buyer, is missing from, tho Morinish digglngsV with a lurgo parcel of gold in his possession.-Little \dodbt rcmuins ns to tho fute of Mr. Halligan, tho gold- buyer. It ls all but certain that ho has beciL-murdcr'ed., On Thursday his hat, whip, a portion bf hiùnlpuca coat, aud a shirt button, i were found closo toi\tho scrub on tho Agricultural Reserve, und about eight miles from town. Traces of a struggle on tho road,'And deep impressions of hordes' feet, apparently from hard galloping, woro also dis- covered. On Friday n bullet mark was found on a tree closo to whero tho hat had been found. Appar- ently Mr. Halligan must have been mot on tho road by those, whok committed tho crime, and directly ho was attacked ho dashed forward to get clear, and was then shot at. Tho body has not yet boon found, but Inspectors > Murrak and Elliot oro now on tho tracks leading to tho river, Vilich is about u milo distant, and where tho body isXsupposed to bo concealed. Suspicion, lins attached it\elf to a well-known horse stonier, nnmod Palmer, who was lately seen in tho neighbourhood in company with tho notorious Thunderbolt, on Friday. A mun who lind been arrested on suspicion was afterwards discharged, having provetl an alibi. A momorinl, signed by fifteen clergymen and twenty-one. laymen of the Church of Englnnd, was presented, OJI Wednesday, tu thc Bishop ol' Adelaide, praying MmVo put n stop to Ritualistic practices iii South Australia. . Ho declined to interfere unless specific chnrgeV vMrcVindo, and tho clergyman named. An cxciteil'tiebàjo oVmrrod in tho Adelaide Synod on ThuisrnlyTlitt, cw thy Ritualistic question, when the following motion \vn\cnrried almost unanimously -" That in thc Igjinlon of this Synod, it is of tho highest importaría^to tho unity and well-being of tho Church of EnglnniP, that tho Bishop bo earnestly re quested to useJils influence in tho correction and pre- vention of suah ovils ns aro known by tho tenn ' Ritualistic ' asYmy bo in keeping with tho tenor of his address oUilirfcr/iJiHt of thc Synod, and that all ccrcmonilM ln\hcliistMclL bo strictly carried out lu accordait*» wi*4^hSelA^Lons in tho Prayer-Rook." ANOTHEK MASSACVE« \mv ZEALAND.-WELLINO TON, AMIL 13TH.-'Aliootihas captured MohnkaPo, forty miles from N»ier. After promising thom morey ho murilerc* twenty-seven persons; only thirteen o<cnpcd. Mr. Lavin, Pollco Magistrate, wife, thrco children, and Cooper and Wilkinson, settlers, wero aUo found murdered. NAVIEII, Aviui. 21KT.-The death of To Koot! is confirmed hy tho Mohttka peoples. Ho was shot deud by Ruteno Itcnrc anti Tomonna \ . Tho DtikoT>f Sdinkiirgh landed at Wolllngion on tho lSUjítf ApfchVidïcl'rtfpr Nelson on tho 2lst. A NtTplor tolegrVn'-B'tntcs that Lady Bowen gavo birth to a daughter e» theTWh April. QUEENSLAND OPFICVLR.-Wo are irrformed that tho services of Mr. WilklcVliito secretary to tho Attornoy Goneiul have been rnlliV unceremoniously dispensed with. Mr. Wilkie has a very extensive connection of persons interested in his welfure who will deeply regret this occurrence. Another member of tho Civil Service, Mr. C. J. fitufford, henel clerk in tho Customs at Rockhampton, \as lately absented himself from his duties under cir5ums¿tunecs painful and perplexing to his im^ainte^urVrlors. \\\ o beliovo ho hus left tho colotv^^jut\ovely rtfturt will bo mndo to induce him to roturo, .»¿ye jro glad to learn that ho was henrd of on Sutiirdny ¡«st.-On Monday, beforo tlio Polieo Magistrate, inVho matter of the Post Olllce defalcations, William DVlby, ngeel nineteen, lately a clerk in tho General Posf Olllce, was ngnin brought up on remand, charged with stealing n post letter, Evitlcueo was taken, and tho prisoner was ugiiiu remanded until teri o'clock the following day, Bail was allowed, himself in £200, nnel two sureties of £100 each.-It was ' currently rumoured in town on Thursday that further unpleasant discoveries hail boon made, in which certain civil servants are seriously concerned. It is nbt ilcslrnblo to mention names just now, but wo have littlo 'doubt that rumours will very speedily he verified. If this sort of thing goos on at the present rate It wilheavo tho Government a good deal of trouble in their at'empts to retrench ; but, on tho oilier hand,,tho administration of justice will, for a short timo at Itast, become very costly. PETTY Sj:ssro3?s,> AT TntuAititA.- Tho Governor with tho advhléjj of tho Executive Council, has been pln/BPH \ to cancel tho appointment of Timbarra, as a placcVit which Petty Sessions may bo holden. Y\ MEKTINO OP YPeep DiitECTOita. - Tho sheep directors for the district of Grafton and Casino, will meet ot tiro Court House, Grafton, on Thursday, tile 13th of May instant, nt noon, for tho purpose of nominating an Inspector to act for tho above districts. 