PARIS. MAY 22, 186.9 (PROl£ OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) For the last fortnight, we have been daucme on a volcano. The privileged public election meetings have taken place, and 110 one is sorrv that they are over. The law demands that au inteiregnum of five days shall take place before the ballot commences—two days are prescribed for this operation, so that on Monday eveuiup next the curtain will fall, aud the new French Parliament will be elected It is a long time siuce France bas witnessed so deadly a partstruggle. It is simply between the Bevoln tionary party, backed up by the Orleanists and Legitimists, and tbe Emperor supported bv moderate thinking men. Order and liberty with the Emperor, is the cry from one canm revolution and its chances, that from the otter Now, to the mind of every reflective man. what France first wonts is seenrity—ord. r, and iti« only the strong arm of Napiileonism can sue cessfully wield tins. . The French want man* liberties, enjoyed by Englishmen and Amencans. No one denies their right to them bnt many question their present fitness to possess them. Behind the. untrammelled exercise of liberty in France, stalks Be Volution and all it> horrors and excesses. ' The-Emperor gives an instalment of liberty proportionate to the deserts of his subjects. To give all at once, and be forced to withdraw -them owing to abuse, would be a perilous proceeding, and fetal to the throne as all French -history-proves. The Emperor is known to be the first liberal in the Empire. He daily gives evidences of his anxiety to rank his subjects as freemen worthy to be free, but he has to respect the fears of the " wise" as well as tbe follies of the "brave." " You desire to be free, but do not know how to be just," said once the Able SiSyes to his countrymen. During the last fifteen days, the " Beds " or mountain party, refused to liken to any moderate candidate—eveii the men wbo won for them, by their eloquence, the limited liberty they at present'possess, like Saturn, the Bevolnliouists devour their children. On two occasions, the mobs—for they were nothing else, burst into the places of meeting, torn down railings, burst open doors, refused to bear 1 speakers they differed from, and on gaining the streets, they shouted seditions cries, chanted prohibited srings, vociferated for Revolution and a Republic. In the street, trera were "uprooted, stones dislodged and thrown at the police, railings torn dowu, so that it became necessary to clear the roadway with cavalry, widle the police chained the side paths. One inspector was left for dead, from the blow of s life preserver, and 30 policemen were more or less wounded. Upwards 132 arrests were made, . the parties beiug lodged in separate cells- -of this number 56 were students, and 70 laboring men and artisans—the three fourths of the total being nnder SO years of age. So thna bas ended the playing-at Krevolution, which frightened so many persons out of town. The next day the Emperor accompanied by au aidede-camp, drove round in an open carriage, all the revolutionary quarters which was very plucky. In the time of Louis Philippe ths press was wont to sarcastically remark—the King has returned to the Tuileries from a drive and no attempt was made on his life. It is not so with the Emperor. He has done a great deal for the working classes, has tanght them to make and save money, and the result of Uie general election -will be »n overwhelming majority in bis favor. Spain still occupies the most prominent position on the continent. The disorders are becoming more frequent as the exceptional condition of things is prolonged. The French Government has seized on the frontier large consignments of arms, under the name of agricultural implements, destined for the Isabellists. This is very loyal towards Spain, on the part of France. But 410 one believes that her ex-Msjesty lias the ghost of a chance of being restored. As for Don Carlos, he is still in Paris, mourning the hopes that leave him. He has no money now, and what partisans he liu in Spain are without a leader and have no military organisation. It the Cortes, the discussion on the Constitution is drawing to a close. Perfect religious equality has not been voted, but their toleration has been secured. Isabella's prayers do not appear have been heard, she bad a V mass " recently offered np in Paris, for God to forgive the Deputies who are going in for religions freedom. The form ef monarchist government will be voted, andthe King question laid aside for a time. In the interior Serrano may likely be invested with the powers of Hegent, for which he is peculiarly fitted, and Prim—the master spirit of New Spain—will continue to be Minister of War, along with bong President of the Council. Prim has the whole of the army with him—he is brave and far-Beeing. fie hae quietly got rid of all Colonels with a leaning to the Bourbons. What Spain wants most now is a man of capacity and firmness like Prim to deal with the finances. The exchequer is empty—pillaged by the late rulers,' who even discounted its future. This will be remedied by and bye. Cuba, that pear] of the Antilles, is not likely to be lost to its mother country. America seems inclined to give np all piratical attempts against the island, since France and Englaud, have expressed their disapproval of the fiUibnitering. Italy has had a change of Ministry, bnt 01 no moment She has ceased to be an element of European disorder since Austria bas come op with renewed vigor, like Anseus after touching the ground. At Bome, Hia Holiness seems to speculate still in artillery, and these peacemakers daily practice along the Tiber. He dreads Mazzini more than Garibaldi, bnt the Italian conspirator iB at death's door ; be is suffering from cancer in the stomach, can bear bat littlo food, and smokes like a chimney—some fiftT cigars per day. Austria and Prussia are becoming more civil towards each o'lier, ana Bismark, seeing their is nothing for him to do iu Southern Germany for some time, is abont translating the Aneid into German. Outside of the elections, Paris haa been very gay. The weather might have behaved better; here we are in May, and have quite a wintrr time of it. The Prince and Princess of Wales, and the Archduke Victor, brother of the Emperor of Austria, have been here and go? 1 Their reception was everywhere markedly pO'i" and attentive—they *' basked >"n all tlie pi sures." and were the observed of all observers at theatres, races, balls, dinners, aud reviews. The Queen of England has invited the Pnn« Imperial to visit ber, and he intends going vhen vacation time arrives—about the latter July. The Princess Mettermich, wife of tw Austrian Ambassador, is here—not a handsome, bnt one of the wittiest and best-hearted women alive, the soul of every ball, public or pnva» The Emperor of Austria, desirous of m» rt1 ?; his esteem for her, asked what favor be coui® bestow on her, aud it would be immediately granted. " To forgive your brother, the Aicnduke Hemy." It was accorded. ThisArchduK fell Into disgrace for marrying au actress, wtios pretty face was as irreproachable as her nr®^ The Empress, it is said, will postpone nei journey to Jerusalem till next year. Som 6 "J its expensiveness, estimated at £100,000,1 cause, but the real reason appears to be» Her Majesty will have enough to do in attena ingthe fetes at Corsica, in honor of the n Napoleon's centenary, as well as opening ^ Sues Canal. „ . cnraB The Princess Isabella Beanvan Craon, issom thirty years of age, very handsome ana »»» gent She bad a miserable home, a nw mother, and no sympathising fnends. occupy *her time she took to travel, languages, and got up all the " olopes. was Wlak on the "Spirits," who purse, and being fond of horses, was often a* in by the dealera. She could handle her re» ver too, bat then she was an unprotected female. w ell ber mother and some relatives applied to the Court to treat her as a lunatic—in which case she would be shut up for life, and all her crest fortnne go to mamma. She presented herself before the j udges, and with extraordinary ability and humor demolished the case of lunacy. The Court decided itself to take change of her fortnne, and to allow her £1000 a year income. . (To be concluded in oar nest). 