XOTES OX AXERICAX THEA TBICAL8, fcc. A -writer from California says of the doings of the show world of Califoruia-^-" To use a current phrase, we live in a world of pleasure and float in a sea of ever-changing amuse ments, in short, we are the easiest and most light-headed people in the world. In San Francisco, in particular, what with nine places of amusement open every evening, and various concerts and side-shows, enough iB offered to satisfy a community of about 126,000 souls." Touching the movements of Mr. John Collins, the Irian comedian, he says —" Poor unlucky John bad a fearful wet night for his farewell at the San Francisco NewTheatre. He played Sir Patrick O'Plenipo in the 'Irish Ambassador.' John has been an awful failure here, though personally he, was much liked." He opened in the Quaker City at the Walnnt Theatre in the latter part of Aprilj in " Hpw to Pay the Rent," and in the " Irish Ambassador." He was underlined to appears St, Louis on the 30th of August, then to Omaha, Cincinnati, New Orleans, Galveston, Texas, and Pittsburgh. '' Mr. Robert Heller, accompanied by.Miss Hose Heller, has, sailed in the Ashburton fpr, Australia," says another San Francisco correspondent " He has done very good business at the Metropolitan. His pianoforte performances are very much admired, but bis great hit has been his Persian illusion, called 'The Mecca Marvel, or Suspended Coffin of Mahomet' wnlch yeally is, as the bills says, a truly thrilling and inexplicable wonder.' Mr. Heller will also be accom panied -by Mr. 'Willie' Chapman, who is himself a really .clever magician, mi his sleight-of-hand tricks are considered quite equal to Heller's. The latter clever artist has exercised great discrimination in engag ing so telan tedafa&wjstant.1;' Since my use,' JuhyJa<dcsonfa*sbiBend(dnK«vOiythiitg by tunii, but nothing long. . Me engaged himself as down to Wilson s Circus, and failed; then went in as 'endman' at the 1 Alhambra, and succeeded very well. He has re ceived an offer of 100 dollars a week to travel with (he Parepa RosaOpera Troupe through the Atlantic States and Europe. He has accepted, and leaves at once for New York, where Madame Rosa opens her season at the French Theatre with the following company:— Madame Parepa Rosa, Miss Rose Hersde, Mrs. Seguin, Fanny Stockton, H. Castle, Alberto LaSirance, S. C. Campbell, and E. Seguin. Carl Rosa will be the musical conductor. Mr. A. Jtieff (well known in connexion with the Lyster tronpe in Australia) will be the assistant director, while the post of stage manager will, it is said, be filled by Mr. Harry Jackson. Messrs. SutclifTe, Baker, Ritts, and Miss Geral dine Warden have all been engaged by Madame Parepa Rosa, and will shortly hie for Hew York. Mr. Beaumont has also re ceived an offer, which he has not as yet ac cepted. He is a great favourite, both in pub lic and in private. James Cooke, the Royal jester, is doing the interior with Wilson. Be fore he left San Francisco he took a benefit at the Alhambra, and played Belphegor, the mountebank, and made an awful mess of it. His vanity is shocking, and he is continu ally making enemies by his upstart ways. The Howson family have at last cleared out They have gone east en route, to New York. They were well received at the Salt Lake City. Willie Edouin is a great favourite at the New Californian Theatre. While playing Cupid in the burlesque of 'Iadon' the other night his dress took the flames in quick sticks. He had two or three nasty burns, buthasnowthoroughlyrecovered. A practical joke was played upon the Al hambra audience the other night by Lew Rattler, which, however, was severely but justly resented. The young Californian actor, George Caprico, took his farewell, and played the first act of' Hamlet,' appearing in the title r6le himself. Rattler was down for the ghosts but completely spoiled the act by foolishly appearing with a black face. The curtain soon went down amidst laughter and hisses, and the audience were so disgusted with Rattier that it was some time before they would again receive him on the stage." Madame Escottand Mr. Henry Squires gave a farewell concert in San Francisco at the latter end of June, soon after which Mr. Squires started for New York, in search, it is said, of talent for Australia. On the 19th June last Mr. Henry Niel Warner, a gentleman well known in Melbourne, inaugurated a season at the Metropolitan Theatre, appearing in " Richard ILL" as his initial performance. He has since played in "Hamlet," "Ingomar," "The Stranger," "Othello," and some other parts, but I regret to say the season only lasted 11 nights. Poor business, pecuniary embarrassments, and a company of "horrid sticks," hastened this abrupt climax. He will shortly appear at the new California Theatre. Mr. R. H. Cox, some tame joint lessee with Mr. Frank Varley of the Bendigo Theatre, heralded in immense posters as the "Great Australian Tragedian, made bis first appear ance as I ago, and was an unmitigated failure. He has reared for some time into "private life." I am happy to record that by my files I learn that "Mr. James Stark (who at date of .last advices was still in New York) had so far'recovered from his severe paralytic stroke as to be able to take active exercise. A benefit was recently got up to assist him, and realised for the recepient about £200. Mr. Washington Norton. Mr. Chas. Steele, and a small com pany of Christy Minstrels arrived in St Helena on May 22 last from the Cape of Good Hope, having travelled farther into the in terior of that colony than any previous com pany, except the Batley-Potusard troupe. At St. Helena they were well received, and gave three of their entertainments to crammed audiences. They sailed for Riode Janeiro on the 27 th Hay." CALL BOY. 