ouit London news-letter; [From our own Correspondent.] London. November 5. 1869. The Earl of Derby, -who has filled so large a space in. the public eye for three decades of years, has at length succumbed to age and infirmities, somewhat over the alloted space of three score years and ten. His Lordship was expecting the oft-deferred visit of the Prince and Princess of Wales to Knowsley this month. Bat it was not to be. An attack of his old enemy, the gout, found. Lord Derby less able to offer resistance than formerly. He became Beriously ill about the 12th of October. There was then a slight rally, which, however, proved -deceptive. His strength began, rapidly to give -way. On Sunday, the 17th, His Lordship ?ceased to take nourishment, and on the follow ing day became unconscious. In this state he lingered till the succeeding Saturday morning, taking no food, and suffering little pain. 'The spark of life was kept in him by a naturally trong constitution till his vital power had abbed away. In accordance with his explicit nstructions, his funeral was private and unos tentatious, his remains being interred on Friday last at Knowsley Church, and followed by few mourners save his immediate relatives. Though Lord Derby has taken but little part in public life since his resignation of the Premiership about two years ago, his death lias created a void in the Conservative party, which no one else can fill. Thepa.persha.ve teemed -with memoirs of this distinguished statesman, but only one or two features of his public career need here be adverted to. When he entered public life as plain Mr. Stanley, both his lather and grandfather — the latter giving the name of 'Derby' to the celebrated race— were still alive. Their opinions and influence were identified with the Whigs, and the young Stanley devoted his eloquent tongue, when he entered Parliament, to the advocacy of Liberal measures, such as Parliamentary reform. ' But ' from the first he stood by the Established Church, as early as 1824 opposing a motion made by Mr. Hume for a reduction of the Irish Church. A young man with such antecedents and abilities was marked out for high office. For a short time he was Under-Secretary for the Colonies in Canning's short-lived Ministry, and when Earl Grey came in after the Reform Bill, he became Chief Secretary for Ireland, in which capacity he had some severe personal conflicts with O'Connell, and brought in that excellent measure of national education with which his name is identified, as well as the Bill for relieving the Irish Church of its superfluous bishops. Subsequently he be came Colonial Secretary, and carried through Parliament the Emancipation Act, which the zeal of Brougham, Wilberforce, and Clarksoh had forced on the Government. In 1834 Lord Stanley separated himself from 'the Whige on the question of the Irish Church — he, with Sir James Graham, the Duke of Richmond, and others, resisting the proposed appropriation of its surplus revenues to purposes of educa tion. It was with reference to this secession that O'Connell, in his most humorous manner, twitching his wig and rolling his eye, quoted the couplet after which H. B. made one of his best sketches : — Still down the steep romantic Ashbourne glides - The Derby Dilly, with its six insides. The secession of the Derby Dilly put a stop to all schemes for the appropriation of the funds of the Irish Church. In 1834 the accession of his father to the Earldom, of Derby converted Mr. into Lord Stanley, flis Conservative leanings now became more apparent. He joined Sir Robert Peel in 1811, resuming the seals of tbe Colonial Office, and taking his seat in the Upper House by special appointment during his father's life time. When in 1845, in consequence of the Irish famine, Sir Robert proposed the repeal of the Corn Laws. Lord Stanley seceded from the Government, and soon after the great Minister fell, and Lord John Russell succeeded him. Lord Stanley. In 1851 became the Earl of Derby, and the acknowledged head of the Conservative party. Proxies were then in vogue, in. reference to -which it used to be said that his Lordship carried the House of Peers in his pocket. With Mr. Disr&elli; he now pursued a policy of re sistance. Lord Derby has since been the head of three short-lived Administrations, Mr. Disraeli always taking the lead. In 1866 the Tories, in conjunction with Mr. Lowe and the Adullamites, prevented Earl BusseU's Cabinet from carrying their measure of P rlia mentary reform, and Lord Derby was soon again in power. Then came the 'lyde Park demonstration, a Tory panic, and 'the leap in the dark,' which landed the country in house hold suffrage and His Lordship's illness. To Mr. Disraeli, who succeeded him, His Lordship gave such counsel and support as were necessary. But the tide of events was sweeping past Lord Derby. He stood almost alone among «minent Conservative peers in giving to the Disestablishment Bill of last session the same energetic opposition, with which he bad en countered the Suspensory Bill in 1867. His last public appearance was a melancholy occasion, la the final compromise arranged between Earl Granville and Lord Cairns, Lord Derby was not consulted. He went down te the House, and heard publicly from Lord Cairas's lips for the first time of the tmosaction. When that leader had done his Lordship rose, and mutter ing, 'This is not the place for me,' tottered out of a House where he was once supreme, 'but ?where his reign was at an end, and which he was destined never more to enter. If Lord Derby has. not left a mark upon the historyandiegislationof England, commensa/jte with his splendid abilities, it is owing to bis' restless and combative nature, family position, and dislike of industry. The two great in a sures with which he was identified-^tbe a' oli iion of slavery and the Irish system of na oual education — were not strictly his own ; and but for his foolish antagonism in late years to every measure of liberal improvement, bis Conserva tive followers would not have bad to bewail the ? iactment of- household suffrage. To his powers of intellect and character the Daily News pays the following generous tribute :— 'Even in those crises when popular feeling was most alienated from him, the English nation had at bottom a real liking for Lord Derby. He impersonated some of the qualities which his countrymen most admire. His manly and intrepid bearing expressed a nature to which fear was as strange as it was to Lord Nelson himself. He never quailed before a foe, and he never deserted a friend. The unexampled sway which he exercised over his party was due in some degree, probably, to the adventitious circumstances of birth and fortune which distinguished him even among English peers. In a still greater measure itwas owing to bis great intellectual superiority, and to powers of oratory unrivalled among poli ticians of his own standing, and not excelled by even the most brilliant of his younger contem poraries. But the firmest bond between him and them was that personal loyalty to those whom he led which called forth a responsive allegiance as strong and unwavering on their part ; that chivalry of nature which leaped for ward to meet every challenge, and '.. did not count the odds. Even the mistakes of Lord Derby's career had their origin in qualities which every one may admire. His conduct on various occasions showed a very mistaken esti mate of the considerations which should guide a statesman. But the uprightness and noble ness of his motives cannot be reasonably im pugned. He was a man of generous but narrow impulses, who acted with entire honesty on a survey of an infinitesimal portion of the consi derations by which a calmer intellect and a more judicial temper would have been swayed. Even the vices of his temperament, his habitual haughtiness, and his occasional arrogance, were but the reflection of a character which scorned everything that was mean, and would make no terms with pretenders. The scorn was aften misapplied, and showed rather want of discernment in the mind that felt it than want of merit in its object. Lord Derby's intellect and character were well expressed in the phrase by which an eminent rival once desig nated his oratory. He was described by Lord Palmerston as the best ' off-hand' speaker who had ever sat in Parliament. Lord Derby's impressions, judgments, and actions were ' off hand.' None can wonder that he fell into many mistakes. But in spite of them, and in some degree even through them, he retained the unbounded personal affection and political confidence of his followers, and the respect and liking of his opponents. TT« erect and spirited bearing, his impulsive aed vigorous yet flexible eloquence, his relish for the manly sports of Englishmen, his tincture of literary taste and classical scholarship, were qualities which have a powerful attraction for his countrymen. A private life of 'stainless honor and generous af fection has reaped the reward of a domestic sorrow richer in tribute than the universal rtgret which accompanies the fall of the fore most man of his party and his order. 'He was the noblest Roman of them alL' In a similar spirit the Times remarks on h s personal qualities z— He was & splendid specimen ji ah'EngUshman, and whether he was engaged in furious debate with demagogues, or in lowly conversation on religion with little children, or in parley with jockeys, while training Toxopho lite, or rendering Homer into English verse, or in stately Latin discourse as the Chancellor of his University, or in joyous talk in a drawing room among ladies, whom he delighted to chaff. or in caring for the needs of Lancashire opera tives, there was a force and a fire about him that acted like a spell. Of all his public acts none did him more honor and none made a deeper- impression on the min.ls of his country men than that to which we have juBt alluded — his conduct on the occasion of the cotton famine in Lancashire. No man in the kingdom sym pathised more truly than he with the distress of the poor Lancashire spinners, and, perhaps, no man did . so' much as he for their relief. It was not simply that he gave them a prinoely donation; he worked hard for them in tho Committee which was established in their aid ; he was, indeed, the life and soul of the Com mittee, and for months at that bitter time he went about doing good by precept and example, so that myriads in Lancashire now bless his name. He will long live in memory as one of the most remarkable, and indeed irresistible, men of our time — a man privately beloved and publicly admired, who showed extraordinary cleverness in many ways ; was the greatest orator of his day, and was the most brilliant, though not the most successful, Parliamentary leader of the last half-century. Lord Stanley has now succeeded to the ances tral title and estates, and there has been abundant speculation as to the role he will assume. The difference between father and son can hardly be better summed up than in two little stories which are certainly goo i enough to be true. Lord Stanley is said to have observed, 'My father would be a very able man— if he knew anything ;' and Lord Derby, when, asked why he had not sent his translation of the Iliad to his son, is rumored to have replied that he was waiting till it should be printed in prose, and published in the form of » blue-book. The new Earl of Derby, phlegmatic, well-informed, broad and liberal, but philosophical rather than generous in his sympathies, despising party combinations and tactics, and thoroughly utili tarian in his views — the new peer has now the field before him. Though cordially attached to Mr. Disraeli, he cannot very cordially sympa use him, nor is it expected that he will choose to become in any sense the Conservative leader in the Upper House. The question of his future Dosition becomes all the more in teresting owing to a remarkable article which appears in the current number of the Quarterly eview. This effusion, which if not written by the Marquis of Salisbury, is understood to have been inspired by him, suggests a new policy for the Conservative party. They are invited by the Quarterly to retire to their natural position as the defenders of the institutions of the country, to eschew alliances with Radicalism, to give up all thoughts of office for years to come, and devote themselves to a re organization of their strength after the fashion of Sir Robert Peel in the years preceding 184L Indue time, by taking this course, they will attract the more conservative elements from the liberalside,and strengthen their hold on pub lic opinion. It is implied, though not actually suggested, that Mr. Disraeli must be thrown overboard. But' the Ex-Prime Minister is a necessity. The Conservatives are as little able to discard him as they are capable of passing a self -denying ordinance of exclusion from Down ing-street for some years to come, though that may, under any probablecircumstances, betheir fate. So they will apparently go on in the old style, with the situation considerably modified. There will no longer be a Lord Derby to rally their enthusiasm and command their homage, though there will be a Lord Derby who will be willing to hold the balance and moderate 'stupid' Toryism. Mr. Disraeli, deprived of Lord Stanley in the Commons, will be more than ever essential to the party, and more than ever daring and inventive. Lord Salisbury will exercise but little influence as an independent Conservative in the House of Peers, less even than the. Earl of Derby, who will at least assist his party when he can. It is a bad prospect for the Conservatives, but their present despe rate position is the just penalty of having sacrificed their principles for the sake of office. Ministers have already begun to hold their Cabinet Councils for the consideration of the programme for next session, and of course the air is filled with, rumors. It is supposed that their Irish land measure has been under con sideration, and both the Times and Daily News concur in the belief that what is called the Ulster custom will form its basis. This consists in the right of the outgoing tenant to sell what is called the good-will of tbe farm. '' A far mer,' says Sir Thomas Bazley, 'might not have improved the land he cultivated in the east, but perhaps he held his farm at a reason able'rent, and~ne said he would not part with it unless he got two or three hundred pounds for doing so.' As Sir Thomas Bazley states the case, the proceedings of the hypothetical far mer appear rather highhanded. Hut what if he himself has paid the £200 or £300 to bis predecessor on taking possession, which he demanded froin. his successor on quitting ; and bo on indefinitely backwards? This usage which is the real custom of teuantrigh does not, as is sometimes said. %?? back to the tribal organization of the country, but expresses the conditions of the English and Scotch Pro testant plantations. A certain fixity of tenure was the condition of settlement, and is the basis of what seems to Sir T. Bazley an inex plicable practice. The payment for the good will of a farm, which is often made by land lords themselves in dispossessing the occupier, is a recognition of a kind of right of user in the soiL The occupier practically buys the moral right, which it would he easy to make legal, of continuing in possession of his farm so long as he fulfils the conditions of his tenancy. If he is dispossessed he is of course entitled to his purchase-money, in addition to the value of his improvements. Both landlords and tenants are found to abuse their rights founded on this custom, and as compared with a system of leases it possesses no advantage, except that it is established in certain districts. Perhaps all that is said about the Ministerial Bill ismereguess work. But we may assume that, like the Irish Church Bill, it will be complete and final. While the subject is being discussed by responsible Ministers of the Crown, it maybe well to glance at the present condition of Ireland. During the month an active agitation has been going on for the release of the Irish convicts under the auspices of an Amnesty Association at the head of which is Mr. Butt and Mr. Moore, M.P. There have been mon ster meetings in all parts of Ireland, and though here and there the clemency of the Crown has been asked as a mat ter of favor, the prevailing tone has been one of menace. An amnesty has been demanded as a matter of justice to Ireland, anl some of the most prominent speakers have indulged in se ditious threats if their mandates should not be obeyed, so as to disgust so uncompromising an Irish patriot as The O'Donoghue. That hon. gentleman in a published letter thus expresses his indignation : — ' How my dear countrymen in their cells must curse the vanity of the heartless spouters, who would persuade the world that, while powerless to save the captive from being dragged within the prison walls, they can nevertheless extort his release. It is fhis loathsome fustian that keeps ihe door locked, and not the nnappeased wrath or vindiotiveness of either the Govern ment or British people.' Under these cir cumstances there was but one course open to the Government. Writing in reply to a memorial from Limerick the Prime Minister expresses his deliberate judgment 'that to advise the release of the prisoners would be contrary to our duty as guirdians of the public security and peace' Mr. Gladstone's letter is no curt refusal of the demands of the memo rialists, but a full exposition of the views of the Government on the subject, written with an admirable 'mixture of kindly feeling and firm ness of purpose. :It is absolutely unanswerable. Notwithstanding this answer, which still left the door open, the Amnesty Committee have resolved to prosecute their agitation, and on Sunday week they held a great meeting in Hyde Park. Mr. Moore tells his countrymen that he has now no confidence in Mr. Gladstone, 'the head gaoler,' and Mr. Butt hints that, 'when necessary, he knows that he can call out not 200,000 but 500,000 men. Local Amnesty Associations are to be formed throughout tae country, tnouga, as tne Dean ot Traiee (Roman Catholic), says he wishes he could be lieve that the men who, for the past two months, have been keeping up a ' wicked agitation' for the release of the Fenian pri soners, did not foresee the result of their pro ceedings — that they most end in riveting the chains of the Fenian convicts. He believes, however, that they were well aware of the ten dency of the agitation, and that, nevertheless, for the sake of ephemeral popularity, or to put money in their purse, they persevere in it. Simultaneously there has been going on in Ireland aa agitation for fixity of tenure. It has been taken up by Boards of Guardians, and carried on by monster county meetings. We read of 10,000 persons being present at Navan, 13,000 at Cavan, and 7,000 at Scotstown. Son.e of the most successful of these demonstrations have taken place in the Northern province, at which a resolution has been proposed to the effect ' that the Ulster tenantright, existing on only a few properties in this county (Gavan), and even on those in a modified form, affords no adequate remedy for the injustice complained of, or inducement to the occupier of the soil to invest his capital or labor.' At nearly all these meetings very strong language has been used, and fi\ity of tenure conditional on due payment of rent demanded. The whole country is deeply moved on the subject, ana though Sir Colman O'Loghlan hints that the present Cabinet will settle the question 'unless th waited by extravagant demands,' the popular feeling finds expression in the language of Sir John Gray, at Clare. 'Henceforth,' he said, 'they should stand on their own land with God as their chiei landlord— with this decree, registered by the people themselves, taat while they gave to the human landlord his rent fairly, honestly, punctually, and equitably, God alone shall disturb ~them from their homes.' (Tre mendous cheering). He ridiculed a Compensa tion BilL At this meeting there were groans for ' bad landlordism,' and cries of ' Release the prisoners. ' For a while tne amnesty movement and the tenant right agitation have been going on together with a tacit understanding. But as the former has begun to assume a Fenian tinge, the farmers have fought shy of it. The new turn of affairs was illustrated last Monday by a striking incident. One of the many county meetings which has been summoned in support of the tenant-right movement was to have been held at Limerick on Monday, but scarcely had the proceedings commenced, ' when, on a given signal, nearly 20,000 Fenians rushed into the Market-square, and, dashing impetuously up to the platform, tore it asunder in a few minutes and carried the fragments to Garry owen, where they made a bonfire of it amid cheeis of triumph.' Roman Catholic clergy men ou attempting to calm the multitude were greeted with a shower of stones, and many of the farmers received illusage. The outrage is believed to be the result of a decision at the Fenian head-quarters in Dublin, that no con cession on ihe part of the Government, not even fixity of tenure, would be accepted an a measure of conciliation unless preceded by the liberation of the political prisoners. We have thus striking proof of the statement of Mr. Gladstone in the letter above referred to, that Fenianisin is far from dead. Ihere has been a pretty hubbub during the month apropos of the nomination of Dr. Temple to the vacant see of Exeter. That honored gentleman, who has been for some years past Head Master of Rugby, was, it will be remem bered, one of the contributors to the celebrated 'Essays and Reviews.' His own paper was harm less enough, and contained the substance of a sermon he had preached before the University of Oxford without objection. When the volume was published it was expressly declared that each contributor was responsible only for his own essay. Subsequently, when there was so loud an outcry against 'Essays and Reviews,' Dr. Temple, by way of vindication, published a volume of sermons preaohed at Rugby, full of lofty Christian sentiment and devotional feel ing. However, a large section of the clergy have seen in Dr. Temple only one of the authors of that volume — septem contra Christum they were called — and they have been' busy writing letters of denunciation and memorial ising the Dean and Chapter of Exeter to refuse their sanction to the appointment. Dr. Pusey entered the lists, and in a long letter urging resistance, described the nomination of Dr. Temple as 'a horribl* scandal,' and called upon the diocese of Exeter to rise against the Bishop-designate. As for others, says Dr. Pusey, 'there is nothing left but to pray and strive that the Church should be delivered from the tyranny of the State at any cost.' Better to face at once what;must oome in 10 years at latest ; better to be bared of all external help, if need be, now, than When I paralysed, Archdeacon Denison writes in a I similar strain, also demanding disestablishment if the nomination should be persisted in. Ac cording to the Archdeacon, by the election of Or. Temple ' a direct and intolerable offence and treason will have be- n committed against Christ and His Church, ami it will become the duty of every Churchman to labor actively and steadily to dissolve all connection between Church and State.' The Record chimed it. ' Disestablishment and disendowment,' quoth the Evangelical organ, ' are as nothing com pared with an arbitrary and despotic exercise of power directel against the vital principles by which alone the lamp of truth can be kepr alive within the heart of any Christian Church. ' Combined acbionagainstDr. Temple was resolved upon, and it was announced that the Earl of Snaftesbury and Dr. Pusey would be mem bers of the Joint Committee. His Lord ship, however, though willing to 'join in any solemn dignified protest against the appointment,' declined any such al liance. The attempt at combined action was still persisted in, and at a meeting at Cookspur street a large and comprehensive Committee was nominated. But 'they all, with one consent, began to make excuse.' Earl Nelson repudiated the proffered place on the Com mittee. Dean Close was indignant that it should be supposed he could unite with High Churchmen ; the Revs. Daniel Wilson and Daniel Moore also declined. The Rev. Hobart Seymour would have no connection with Dr. Pusey ; and Dean McNeile considers that divine 'more dangerous to the best interests of our Reformed Church than two Dr. Temples.' The tide now began to turn, and in articles aad letters the merits of the Bishop-designate and his orthodoxy were set forth. The hopes of the Evangelicals rested on Dean Boyd, but that clergyman writes to Dean McNeil that unless he has legal proof of Dr. Temple's heresy before him he dare not commit 'an act of disrespect to the Crown and unfairness to an individual by refusing to elect him to an office to whioh his Sovereign has called him.' Canon Oook, editor of the long-looked-f or 'Speaker's Commentary,' who was expected to be one of the Doctor's strongest opponents, has declined the task ; and Archdeacon Downall has written to excuse himself, for he is afraid he may be' ' fostering rebellion' and fighting against Pro vidence by voting against the nominee of the Crown. It has been officially announced that Her Majesty has issued her congS d'£lire to the Dean and Chapter of Exeter, requiring them to choose a new bishop, in an accompanying missive naming Dr. Temple as the person whom they have leave to choose. The election will take place to-morrow. Bishop Trower, who lately administered the diocese for Bishop. Phillpots ' will lead the opposition, bit no doubt is entertained of the result. Dr. Temple will, it is expected, be elected by 14 to 8 votes. Mr. Gladstone replies to one remon strant that ' the highest and] most responsible authorities of the Church' have expressed no dissatisfaction with the nomination, and sug gests that his correspondent may ' relieve his mind' by reading Dr. Temple's sermons. These sermons, however, according to Dr. Pusey, only help to fix the charge of heresy upon Dr. Temple more firmly, for, quoting a review, ' they might all have been written by a Socinian.' The Doctor himself tells the clergy and people of Rugby who have expressed their regret at parting with bi™, and their great admiration for Ms character, that he thought it his duty to accept 'a position to which he was called both by the authorities of the State ani by the number of people who seem to think he would be more useful there than at Rugby' ; but he never expects to pass such enjoyable years again as he has spent at the sohool, for 'here he had never met with misconstruction, and it was impossible that this should be his lot hereafter.' To an address of sympathy from some of the Devon shire clergy — and there have been many such — Dr. Temple replies that if 'in the Providence of God' he shou'd become the Bishop, he will ' co-operate heartily and ener getically with all who devote themselves to the service of God in purity and in love.' Probably he will become one of the most popular members of the Epi-copal Benoh ; and, after the election, he has promised a full ex planation of his religious views. The late agitation may, or at least ought to, have the effect of bringing about the abolition ef the conge d' dire, and of 'that awful mockery of the invocation of the Holy Ghost on what is, after all, a foregone conclusion.' Disestablishment is the main topic of clerical meetings and Episcopal charges— disestablish- ment and friendly relations with the onoe con temned Nonconformists. Again and again these points were referred to at the Churob Congressat Liverpool, and the prospect of losing the alliance of the .-'tate was received without dis may. 'The 'old ship,'' said Archdeacon Emery, ' is running upon the breakers.' 'The Church,' said Archdeacon Denison, ' is gone ;' and when he said it. a voioe cried out, ' You are right.' Canon Trevor said he agreed with Archdeacon Denison that the 'Church was gone. They would have to quit, as another Church had done.' To save herself at present, said Mr. Hubbard, she had to ' clutch at and cling to any straw.' The Bishop of Rochester tells his clergy that 'if any great change should take place, the work of the Church, might go on in its regular course, and the nation be scarcely sensible, except by the with drawal of some external privileges, of any diminition or loss of its accustomed spiritual ministrations.'9 The Bishop of Ely owns it dif ficult to make out a plausible case for a Church Establishment in England now that we have Scotland with a Presbyterian Establishment, and Ireland with no professed creed or Church.' Then comes the learned and sagacious Bishop of St. Davids. Dr. TMrlwall told his clergy last week that, though he did not anticipate any imme diate danger, he views (the abolition of the Irish Church as a sign of the times, and an indication of the direction of public opinion. This might naturally make them feel uneasy. He, however, feared little from those without, but apprehended serious danger from within. Some things he considered inevitable. It was not possible to doubt the disruption of the Church into two or three sections, one of which would soon be merged in the Church of Rome. The course of ecclesiastical events in Eng land will be materially effected by the out come of disestablishment in Ireland. At present all goes well. At the great lay con ference held in Dublin about the middle of last month, the Duke of Abercorn in the chair, it was resolved that there should be two lay to one clerical delegate to the general Synod ; that* voting should be by orders and not in one assembly — a large concession to the Bishops and clergy — and that the laity should have power to take cogni zance of questions of doctrine and lisci pliue, with a view to check the spread of sacerdotalism. The latter is a sore point with some of the clergy, .who talk of seceding if the right is conceded, but Archbishop Trench and his clergy have acquiesced, and the Dublin Mail writes :— ' We trust that separate coun sels are now for ever at an end ; and that, as the Church has spoken well-nigh unanimously, a small knot of mediaeval clerics will no longer be suffered to trouble its peace or obstruct its most necessity work.' The general Synod will probably be held next month, and preparations are being made for the elections — the constituency being male adult members of the congregations, 21 years of age. In a published letter, ' An Unbeneficed Clergyman' of Oxford, states as the result of recent observations in Ireland, his belief that the Free Church ' will flourish in a way that numbers who hug the chains of the establish ment in this country little imagine,' and he quotes the opinion of a Roman Catholic Priest, that Ms Church will find the Free Episcopalian community a far more formidable antagonist than kas ever yet been the case. The educational campaign lias fairly opened in prospeot of the Government Bill of next ses sion. The vice of the present denominational system is that it affords help where it is least needed, and leaves whole districts unprovided for. How is this deficiency to be made good. Early in' the month the National Education League was inaugurated at.Birmingh.am with, an effective conference extending over two days. Its pro^raujuic is as follows : — 'Object — The ?s'ablishraentof a system which shall secure the education of every child in England and Wales. Means— L Local authorit es shall be compelled by law to see that sufficient school accommoda tion is provided for every child in their district. 2\. The cost of founding and maintaining such schools as may be required shall be provided out of local rates, supplemented by Govern ment grants. 3. All schools aided by local rates shall be under the management of local authorities, and subject to Government inspec tion. 4. All schools aided by local rates shall be unsectarian. 5. To all schools aided by local rates admission Bhall be free. 6. School accommodation being provided, the State or the local authorities shall have power to compel the attendance of children of suitable age not other wise receiving education.' The League has for some months been quietly but actively at work. It has formed branch associations in most of the large towns, has secured the adhesion of some forty M. P. 's, many persons of influence in all walks of life, and about four hundred ministers of religion, and starts with a fund of £15,000. It has decided that a Bill embodying the prin ciples of the League shall be introduced next session, and a number of papers were read, explaining in detail how the objects of the League can best be carried into effect. The Education Union, the rival Association, hap been holding its Conference at Manchester this week, and obtained the support of bishops, nobles, and a number of distinguished educa tionists. The object of this body is to improve and extend Ihe present system, supplementing present deficiencies by providing for the chil dren of paupers and vagrants, and by more liberal grants to infant mixed and evening schoels. It proposes to prolong the half-time system, to grant aid to denominational as well as secular schools, and require a coascience clause in all aided schools. The objections to the programme of the Union are forcibly stated in a letter by Mr. Winterbottom, M.P, who says : — A voluntary denominational system is, as I have said, at once insufficient and wasteful. A denominational system aided or endowed by the State is, in my opinion, cry ingly unjust. As a Nonconformist, I dissent entirely from the statement in your programme that the inculcation of religious and moral truth is a proper part of a system of national education. In my opinion it is no part of the duty of the State to inculcate religious and moral truth ; but it is part of the duty of tlie State to see that its citizens receive the ele ments of secular knowledge. The attempt to reconcile equality of creeds before the law with a State-endowed denominational system of schools, by offering to parents a 'conscience clause and a choice of schools, is illusory. Parents can have a choice of sohools only where there are several schools equally accessible, whioh of itself is a great waste. The conscience clause is either ineffective, or, if effective, is con clusive evidence that secular and religious teaching can be separated. And this is all for which I contend. Let the Irish model school system be established here. Let secular teach ing be in common, and religious teaching at fixed hours by i he several religious teachers apart. I cannot forget that what we claim here we cannot refuse to Ireland. Denomina tional education may do little harm here. It is only insufficient, wasteful, and unjust. But denominationalism in Ireland would be the death-blow to Protestantism. This, as I have reason to know, is being rapidly learnt there.' The working classes for the most part, so far as they have an opinion on the subject, are in favor of a national unsectarian scheme with a compulsory provision. So also is a large section of the middle classes. The great difficulty is how to introduce a new scheme, -nd at the same time utilise the vast educational machi nery at present in operation: The League are not for strictly seoular education, but would allow the use of the Bible but no sectarian teaching. The points at issue are thus stated in a general way by the Daily News: — 'One thing is clear, whatever our Lord Robert Mon tagues or Lord Kdward Howards may say, and that is, that the people are not being e luoated. Another thing is also .settled in the court of public opinion, and that is, that they must be educated. A third thing is almost settled, . and that is, that Go vernment must educate them. The League starts on three assumptions, and the Union must do the same. It is too late to spend valuable hours in provinp that we have only to remove 'a phantasm of educational destitution,' as Lord Robert Montague called it. It is too late to discuss 'the Conscience Clause * and 'the Revised Code.' We need a new measure, uni versal in its operation, and entirely national in its administration. The question is whether this new measure shall be an extension of the present system, or an independent addition to it ; whether it shall be based on rating, or sup ported from the Consolidated Fund ; whether it shall be compulsory or voluntary ; and whether it shall be managed by local authorities with central supervision, or be altogether centralised. On some of these points there are differences within both the League and the Union, and agreements between them; but the one great issue which appears all through these Man chester discussions, and imparts the slight dash of bitterness whioh gives them piquancy and flavor, is the issue whether the direction of the education of the country is to be in the hands of the clergy, or whether it is to be in its secular aspects a matter of lay concern and lay adminis tration.' The Pall Mall Gazette, is publishing a series of articles, ' Through the Vineyards,' which are well worthy the attention of South Aus tralian wine producers. The writer has been through some of the principal wine distriots of France, and describes with a good deal of ani mation what he saw. One thing is manifest from what he says. The best wines are not ob tained without immense care and labor. The grapes are not thrwn en masse into the press, but weeded, and all the stalks removed. They thus get the pure juice of the grape, and avoid adulterating it with that acid whioh comes from the stalks and deteriorates the qua lity of the wine. This trouble seems to be well vs orth the while of the proprietors of French vineyards. Is it not will entitled to the at tention of Australian growers, whose grapes can hardly be inferior to those of France ? Per haps if such attention* were bestowed in the preparation of the luscious berry on your side the globe South Australia might successfully compete with France in European markets, and your export of wine in course of time become something considerable. One er two facts relative to the great meat question are deserving of record. In the first place, now that cold weather has set in, the foot and mouth disease, which has been only too general, is beginning to subside. It is im possible at present to say what devastation it has caused in our herds, but it has certainly greatly limited the supply of milk in the neigh borhood of London. Next, I understand that the projected dinner on a large scale of Australian meats will shortly come off at the' Lambeth Baths. It will be a working clas3 banquet, but there is likely to be an influential attendance of their friends in high life. A similar banquet is to take place in Paris, and the project is re ceiving the cordial support of the Emperor in person. With their cooking genius and facilities it might be expected that Australian preserved meat would make way amongst the French much faster than on this side the Channel. However, it is quite possible to report progress in London, and all Australians will be pleased to read the following descrip tion of Mr. Tallerman's enterprise, given in the last number of the Observer: — Among the earliest and most perservering importers of Australian meat has been Mr. Tallerman, of Norton Folgate. The method by which the meat which he brought over is prepared and pre served differs from that adopted by other1 importers. A joint of meat— it may be ribs of beef or a leg of mutton— is boned, salted, rolled and covered with a linen' envelope. Over the linen is a thick coating of fat, which acts in the way of hermetically sealing what it covers. Notwithstanding 'opinions of the press,' and the favorable verdict of several parties of working men, whom Mr. Tallerman banquetted on the various preparations of his meats, their pro cess in popular appreciation was not very rapid. At length it struck Mr, Tallerman that if people were loth to buy his meat and cook it themselves, they might take it more kindly if he give them the offer of it ready cooked. Accordingly, about four months ago, he opened a portion of his premises as a dining-room, and set up a, cook and a set of coppers on his own account. Tbe piece de resistance in the modest bill-of-fare was 'Irish stew,' compo ed of Aus tralian, meat, British potatoes, onions, and cirrots. The tariff fixed was one penny stea ling for a fair-sized plateful of what is really savory and wholesome food. As an alternative pennyworth there was a plateful of pea-soup (the stock being Australian beef;, and a slice of bread. At first the 'penny dinners' were by no means a promising speculation. On the first day there were four customers, one of whom ate three platefuls and then wanted his money back. la the early days many people came in and asked if the meat used in making the dishes was Australian, and on being answered in the affirmative emitted a sniff of contemptu ous disgust and walked out. But by and by the tide began to turn. A good many penny dinners were sent for from the neighboring work shops and factories, and by the end of the first month more than 60 dinners a day were consumed. Then, like Phaeton's car, the penny dinner acquirit vires eundo ; before two months were over 600 was the daily average. Now quite 1,100 a day are disposed of, a goodly share of which are eaten on the premises, whilst numerous pannikins come children- borne from a radius of more than a mile. The rush at midday is quite overwhelming. On Friday last 40s. were taken in pennies between half past 12 and half-past L The accommodation for the diners on the premises has become quite insufficient ; and Mr. Tallerman is in treaty for the adjacent City of London Theatre, which he proposes to convert into a monster dining-hall, and whioh will accommodate 1,600 persons. Last week a branch establishment was opened in Bos well-street, Islington, and it is a significant circumstance that, whereas at Norton Folgate, within the first month the average of dinners had not reached 100 a day, that figure was reached in BosweH-street within feur days. Of course there is a great variety among the horde of customers. The working classes, both male and female, predominate ; the ladies, who at the outset were the bitterest against the 'rubbishy tack,' being now among the most constant customers, and peculiarly prone to the luxury of a second course. But there are large numbers not be longing to what are generally known as the working classes. City clerks have begun Jo find their way down to Norton Folgate for a cheap, plentiful, and wholesome dinner. Some of the younger lads go in for luxurious feeding at a most demoralising rate, having three courses for the sum of 3d. The following is the menu .-— Bouillon (pea soup) and bread ... Id. Irish stew ? do. Meat pastry (sausage roll) .... do. The quantity of provisions required to feed all this great multitude is considerably greater than the five barley loaves and two small fishes. More than half a ton of Australian meat is daily consigned to the steam boilers, of which there are four, each holding 60 gallons. Two hundred weight and a half of hot vegetables and three saoks of potatoes go into the cauldrons along with the meat, and the combination comes out of them in the form of Irish stew. The pea-soup is in addition. Then there is an extensive sale of sausage-rolls — over 800 per day. The art of preserving meat has not yet reached perfection, and many wise heads are busy with the subject. Mr. Richard Jones, of Botolph lane, M.R.C.S., has taken out a patent ; and at a dinner given by him the other day it is said that one and all, 'including gentlemen in terested in rival systems,' pronounced his pre served beef to be the best they had ever tasted. It was ' firm as an ordinary roast joint, and almost as rich in flavor.' Such is the opinion of Dr. Lankester — n» mean authority. But fatality seems to follow all attempts to utilise the beef of the South American pampas. Eighty cat-cases, it appears, had been shipped in the City of Buenos Ayres for England, after having been duly imbedded in 'ice, sawdust, and charcoal ;' but they were thrown overboard 30 days after leaving port, the meat having ' turned bad.' Meanwhile, as the Daily Tele graph remarks, it is satisfactory to know that science is furnished already with other and fai more hopeful means whereby to solve the diffi culty of annihilating both time and space, and making beef growers and beef eaters happy by one and the name process. ? 