LATEST IVE WS. SYDNEY CORRESPONDENCE. CAvm our Special CorreepondaU) Tneiday night. We bave neara b} telegram from Melbourne of the sail ing of the sBven vessels forming the Fljiog Sqoadroo, which may be fairly ezpeo ed to arrive bere on Friday by noon. In preparation for that eveot, the Commodore of the Yacht Club baa ordered the yaohta to rend avons in Watson*« Bay, and there to await further sailing orders. Mr Dangar has aWo offered a magnificent prut? to be sailed for, 5 ach ta lo be all handicapped bot the weights to be kept secret until afiertbo rice is over This novelty is likely to matu each crew do their utmost, «hue it 11 no* found that very frequently they presume too mnch on their time allowance Despite the soorahiog heat of the day nearly 2000 per ?ona assembled at the boatings in Wynyard Square to day wbss the seien cattdtdstes were all nominated for Weat Sydney. Dr Lang did the needful fortbe Hon Premier, Mr. Cowper for Mr Campbell Mr Learmonth for Mr Kichardaen (who, by the way, has not the ghost of a chance)! and Mr Falser for Mr. Fagar Mr. Camp- bell and Mr Jfobertaon addressed the electors, and were well received The witticisms of the crowd were to-day especially good, and created great amniemBiit. The returning officer having declared the show of banda to be io favour of Mesara Windeyer, Kagar Speer, and Wearne, «poll waa demanded, for Thursday, to decide the aeeood great contest for the Parliament of 1870 Apropos of the rumoura current about the overwhelm Ing influence of certain Protestant societies on the late contest for East Sydney, 1 should mention that nearly nva thousand Orangemen are enrolled in the city at the present time and, under the leadership of bir James Martin and bia colleagne Mr Henry Faikei, are throwing their combined influence inte the scale against the Go- vernment candidates At their instigation the false cry of religion baa been raised, and di owns every just »sue upon which this premature appeal to tbe conn try has b»ep founded t it ia generally anticipated that the con teat for Weat Sjdney will be decided against Messrs. Bobertaon and Campbell The candidature of Mr Fore tar for BL Leonards is however, assuming a more favourable aspect, and we may believe the worda of the Premier when he aayi, that if rejected for West Sydney he will still be in Parliament if be baa to contest every election in the colony Whv* I wonder, do not country eon struen eua invite Mr Cowper to atand for them ? Does his rejec- tion by the iniquitous and freedom killing action of thean ultra-political societiti render him less fit to ierre the country than he waa m former times? Surely the hot reception Mr Buchanan has just met at Northum- berland abonld be a guide to other constituencies A Chinamen, named Ah Bong, committed suicide m Lower George street, yesterday, while labouring under a fit of temporary »aanity The entries for the Albert Gronnd Sydney Cap close this evening, and are already very numerous. At lsst toe steam dredge damson has been set to work off the mooth of the sewer at Fort Macquarie where a sandbank of enormous dimensions hai been formed and ia barely covered at high water, when thousands of poonda have been thrown away io this manner, and irre* parable mliohtef has beeo done to the barbour the Go- vernment will probably find some simple expedient for preventing tb- formation of these sandbanks and thereby reducing the cost of dredging. Were we half as vigorous as our neighbours, it wonld have beau doue years since The Commodore with H.H S Challenger, returned from Hew Zealand on bundey night, but observing that eba 11 now employed in coaling troon colliers either aide of her, I presóme the stay will be ao extremely abort one To-day at the Central Criminal Court, Danu Mackinlay Patrick Mackinlay, James Rogers, George O'Brien and Alexander Shaw, connotad of conspiracy to defraud, were «sen sentenced tot'oyesnMmpmonmentinSydney gaol 1 Dents Mackinlay, for frsndnlent into veucy, three yean, accumulative on above, James Bogers and George O'Brien for fraudulently assisting to remove ead conceal, three yean each, accumulative on former seutenae Alexander tibaw, two yeera, concurrent with former sentence James Bourke charged with concealing, £0 ia remand.», until next aessiout, being admitted to bail Hie Honor then delivered the goa), and the court adjourned. Several pointe are reserved in favour of all the prisoners found guilty of oon*ptracy and anew trial has already been ap- plied for for Patrick Mackinlay Ti Lie si «s To BIGHT. Melbourne-The Victoria Baaing Olab bas appointed & paid bandicapper at a saUry of ¿250 ptr annum all expeotei paid-The Squadron ssiled at noon to-day, ninety five of the sailors were misiiog -¡strong Motherly gale to-day and raining now Adelaide -The quarter's retenue to the 30th Septem- ber shows an increase of £100 000 in the importe, and tha sameamouot for exports. comiiicUL. The election continues to interfere considerably with bonoass, and the week has opened very quietly la the import marhete BreadstnSs, although no lower in price, ara decidedly weaker and further redoutions are anticipated as the harvest approaches Wheat of p une qnaltty can be had to-day at 6i per bushel- Candles are firm at lOJi , bot there is no speculative movement - Oornsacks have been taken at Ile 6d lor foil weights, and are better held Woolpacks verj doll ef aale. Building materials of all kinds are overstocked and late arrivals from Amer ca have rendered quotations for lamber quite nominal -Teas "re moving off more freely at last week's rates-Spirits of all kinds ara qo et. There ia some inclination on the part of bolders of Geneva to sdranee their pnces, but enormous stocks aet prejudicial!? on the market Irish whukev baa been sold at 6s per gallon to arrive and is in good demand ease neglected Brand/ has been taken at foil ?»atea bot »quitt for both balk and case Bogara are not quite so firm, yesterday tbe eargo of tbe Charlotte Andtawl wsi offered at auction «ben yellows far nghs £3610s, ration £35 lSi 6d ona line of white £40 par toni 1st« arrivais in Melbourne hare lowered pneei lo thal market, and an afftauog the looa! ont also. Tbe committee of doctors appointed to inves- tigate the death of Dr J M Witherwai, of Scott County, Iowa, unanimously declare that the poison from which be died vas introduced into his system by the use of hair dye The re port gives many instances of people who have died from the ose of hair dye, which generally produoes diseases similar to that of Sr Wither wai, and in some cases congestion of the langs AU the dyes except one contain the deadly lead poison, and that one contains mtrate of silver, ramona to the hair -American Paper Lions and tigers may be bought in London wholesale or retail, like haberdashery or cheese ¿Vt this moment bears, monkeys, zebras, tigers, leopards, and other wild beasts, are all on sale, warranted " to tear yon to pieces if they can ge¿ at yon " The supply vanes daily, for consign, monta are constantly coming in, and the oreaturs, sold are as constantly packed off- Baily Newt 