SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIA- TION. The meetings of this Association were continued on Wednesday morning, October 20, when the proceediHgs were initiated by a prayer meeting largely attended in the schoolroom. The Rev. fl. J. Lambert presided, - and prayer was offered by n. the Dntmnn Rev. J. nf M. Day, of Kapunda, Messrs. T. Barnes, of Magill, and W. Barker, of Mount ; Barker, Rev. J. Lyall, President of the Evangelical AUi allC e, the Rev. E. P. Kingdon, lately ^rived from England, and formerly ;„ Chairman. .a missionary in China, and the Chairman. The CHAIRMAN for the past year (Mr. Lambert) then commenced the formal business by vacating the chair, and introducing the Rev. J. li. Parsons as his successor, remarking that his position had been a very happy and honourable one. The Committee by their devoted labours and loving sympathy had made it light work, and in introducing his successor he was sure he would receive at their hands the same support and earnest co-operation. The CHAIRMAN Elect then delivered the following uddress:— "Fathers and Brethren—I occupy this chair to-day because I have been invited to do so by the Executive of the Association. I do not think the best possible choice has been made; but I have accepted ithe position, and shall not therefore indulge in self-laudation under the mask of professions of unfitness. So, with the brief preface that I trust our meetings this year may be devout in tone, practical in character, and stimulating in their effects, I shall at once proceed with my address, the subject of which is—' Some of the minor hindrances to the progress of Christianity.' I have chosen the minor rather than the major hindrances from jthe conviction that, being more numerous, frequently overlooked, and generally regarded as insignificant, they are really the more important. Idolatry, Atheism, Popery, Superstition, Rationalism, Unbelief, Hypocrisy, are not easily missed as obstacles to the progress of the Gospel, and they are often made themes for earnest counsel and warning. But the lesser hindrances, though a great army, are disregarded and unmentioned. I quietly assume that the Gospel can be hindered. I shall not even skirmish in the old theologic battle-ground, where the champions of Divine Sovereignty and of Human Free-Will have waged their bitter warfare. The Apostle Paul's authority justifies the assumption. He gave up rivileges and endured the loss of all things ' lest Se should hinder the Gospel of Christ.' If he could hinder the Gospel, it can be hindered by us. If he denied himself lawful rights and made sacrifices to avoid hindering the Gospel, we should do the same. We are exposed to the same danger and are bound by the same obligation. As a matter of fact the Gospel is hindered by us all. We look upon the effects of our consistency, prayers, and efforts, andsay, 'We have helped the GospeL' If we could estimate the effects of our inconsistencies, unbelief, and indolence we should say, ' We have hindered the Gospel' —the difference between what we might be and might have done, and what we are and have accomplished, being the extent to which we have impeded the work of sanctification in our own souls and the kingdom of Christ in the world. Some of these hindrances are placed in the way of the Gospel by its ministers. For the sake of disarming criticism, as well as for convenience of arrangement, I Bhall begin with them. The Separateness, the distinction of order, which ministers often assume and maintain belongs to this class. Let no one for a moment suppose that I am a Plymouthist. I recognise, and, at fitting times, magnify mine office as of divine appointment and an integral part of the Christian system. The separateness to which I refer is a whisper of priestliness—a faint echo of apostolic successionism, an attempt to keep up. as vital, the distinction between the cleric us and the laicus. Of course the nature of the minister's duties invests him with reverence, and should secure him respect. He is to be esteemed very highly in love for his work's sake. But there can be no doubt he loses influence just in the proportion that he removes himself from the sphere of common life. If he hedge himself about with reserve, his experiences are supposed to be exceptional. If he claim or affect to be distinct from or superior to other Christians on account of his office, ne is thought to revolve in an orbit of his own. He becomes, in fact, an official. He is a functionary who prays, preaches, administers ordinances, buries, and marries; but he is not felt to be a brother exposed to the same temptations and sorrows as the humblest of his hearers. A certain degree of isolation is forced upon ministers. There are many Protestants who regard their minister very much as the Papist regards his priest —and pastor as well as presbyter may be but old priest writ large There are over-revereutial people who will persist in losing sight of the man in the office. But often ministers cultivate a distinctive superiority as a safeguard and a source of authority. .A good brother belonging to another denomination, for whom I was once going to preach, urged me to wear his gown, giving as his reason, ' You know we can't afford to despise these things. This is a levelling age, and they keep up our posi- tion.' I told him at the time I thought it was a mistake. I think it a mistake now. Our office is spiritual, our work is spiritual, our authority is spiritual. We are not priests in any other sense than that in which all believers are priests. We claim no sacramental authority. We have not even the figment of ordination at the hands of a man who thinks he has by direct transmission from the Apostles some occult authority for saying, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands.' That is an imposition in quite another sense. Overseers, bishops (Episkopoi), are made not by man, but by the Holy Ghost (Acts xx. 28). They are not nominated by another bishop, but are elected by the Church, which recognises the presence and working of the Holy Ghost in them. Even the Apostles did not ordain (in the sense of appoint by virtue of authority) the elders. Cheirotoneo, the word used in Acts xiv. 23, literally means to 'hold out the hand,' and proves that the election was by suffraee. The electing body is clearly the Church, and the Churches are to determine who are to be their eiders or bishops. And the more believers are convinced that we are not above them but of them, the more will they trust our teaching and reverence us. And if we cannot win their confidence and maintain our position without clothing and millinery, without gowns and bands, aprons and cassocks, and other ecclesiastical fripperies and fopperies, the sooner we are consigned to the lumber-room of worn-out things the better. (Applause.) Our true foundation is not the superstitious, but the intelligent affection of the people. Our usefulness depends upon our being trusted, upon our having the sympathies of those to whom we minister. And every bad^e we wear, every mannerism we adopt, every exception we make or take, separates us from our fellow-men, lessens our influence, and so hinders the Gospel of Christ. Jealousy of each other is another hindrance placed in the way of the Gospel by its ministers. Pitiable but most deplorable instances of this abound even among those who belong to the same denomination, hold the same opinions, and preach the same doctrines. The success of Christianity is lost sight of in the interests of a particular Church. The salvation of souls is made a secondary matter to insisting upon some real or fancied right or complaining of some miserable personal slight. More successful labourers are systematically depreciated, and their modes of action, however efficient, are condemned. Indeed, it is rather wonderful to hear some of the ingenious ways in which the success of the successful is accounted for by some of the nsuccessful. There is nothing in their preaching, that is more clap-trap or milk and water. Their zeal, is fanaticism run mad. Their romptitude and determination, are rashness and elf-sufficiency. And their usefulness is ascribed to anything but to love of souls and fitness for and consecration to their work. The result of this unmanly detraction is most disastrous. The great army of the Cross, instead of marching on in resistless unity, led by officers animated by one common spirit, is split up into little rival companies of Ishmaelites, whose hands are against every man's, and every man's hand is against them. Our order is charged—and I think with justice—with most of the divisions that have rent the body of Christ Nearly all the great schisms have originated in petty personal piques between party leaders. Charitable, large-hearted judgment of the brethren has never been a common ministerial virtue. And it is vain to hope for a united Church till we have a united ministry—till ministers practise towards each other that 'love which envieth not, which thinkethno evil, and which doth not behave itself unseemly.' The Want of the Accent of Conviction in Preaching is another hindrance. This may proceed from either of two causes. Ministers sometimes do not believe what th perfiinctory. e ? P re ach—sometimes formality makes them Kow jf there be faitll there should not be preaching. The Scripture rule is, We beheve, and therefore speak.' But the accent of conviction is often wanting where faith exists. Through mcessant talking, divorced from careful cultivation of the spiritual life, ministers become _ . germon„ hJ- - i ° m ? c X e ® ^ Praymg.wheeta. " " eels. The The Xrance lnd the °i^en f that the T h e ^ne s aTe unc7nvtcfnI toe J S t artlt1cia, tlie emotion :„ . „,£,„ «.„„,,. f Oh J ,Wr » The r 1 suI^ h " f of utter want of JS^ Jous ^ ft* E ^ C w when theTreLher « S S e and S ^ f t f f ^ ** ** preparation and delivery lo rec^erlt For it is E r to make the soil feel Xe tru'th than to dehght the fancy with word nictures delicttelvffl tropes, and dTiity poet^ or to' S i intellect with freshness ofs^le and cogency of argument. These need not be unreal, but if they are, rough sentences—fresh from the heart, and eloquent with conviction—are far more effective. Few indeed of the preachers who have won souls have been either masters of composition or brilliant orators. Whitefield had a magnificent voice, but his sermons were most commonplace—at any rate, those published are. Yet, when with passionate earnestness he described the sinner as a blind traveller on the edge of a precipice, with but, a step between him and destruction, even the icy Chesterfield forgot his adamantine maxims, ana cried out, ' For God's sake, save him, Whitefield.' Jonathan Edwards, though a profound logician, was utterly destitute of oratorical accomplishments. He read his sermons, holding the manuscript close to his eyes, and used scarcely any action. Yet, when he delivered that sermon on the text ' Their feet shall slide in due time,' so vehement was his realization of the peril of the wicked that, as he preached, the people crowded into the aisles, and in agony of fear clung to the pillars of the chapel, lest they should slip into perdition. It is this accent of conviction which produces conversion. It is Godinspired, and it is God- honoured. Rhetoric, brilliant declamation, imagery may dazzle, may win applause; but the difference between reality and acting is soon discovered. A preacher rings himself on the hearts of his hearers as a coin is rung upon a counter. If he be genuine, the more he is rung the more is his genuineness m»de apparent; but if he be counterfeit, the higher his flights the sooner and the surer is he detected. My brethren, if our spiritual life be depressed let us ciy for the revivifying influences of the Holy Spirit. If we have lost the keen realization of the truth, let us by prayer get it as a gift from God, and speak it out with ringing clearness in the ears of men. It is the want of this that explains empty pews, yawning congregations, lukewarm Churches, and—so far as that which is human can—the absence of conversions. I turn now to the Church. Here hindrances abound, and the difficulty is to select the most obstructive. There can be no doubt, however, that Gossip is one. The love of a little private information, even of dear friends, is a human infirmity. It is unhappily a common Church characteristic. The eagerness with which personal tittle-tattle is pounced upon, treasured up, and repeated is as remarkable as it is mischievous. For gossip feeds only on garbage, and circulates only what is damaging. Its customary prefaces are —'Can you tell me if it is true?' or, 'By the way, have you heard?' And then follows tne painful domestic secret, the distressing social scandal, or the sad Church inconsistency, which in half an hour is repeated, and that night is the property and talk of a dozen households. Gossip is a serious hindrance to the progress of the GospeL Ministers' reputations are tattled away. Elders and deacons are whispered out of their usefulness. Churches are torn in pieces by the wagging of that little member which nothing but the grace of God can tame. Very often no evil is intended; there iB no desire to do mischief, nor to be unkind—it is mere love of listening to other people's matters and retelling them. It is said that whenever Hannah More was told anything derogatory of another her invariable reply was, 'Come, we will go and ask if that be true? The effect was sometimes ludicrously painful. The tale-bearer was taken aback, stammered out a qualification, or begged that no notice might be taken of the statement. But the good lady was inexorable—off she took the scandalmonger to the scandalized to make enquiry and to _ compare accounts. (Laughter.) How much mischief similar conduct would prevent here where we know just too much and too little of one another! How many a busybody's occupation would be lost! How many a wound the Christian conscience would be spared! How many a schism the Church would escape! Closely allied with gossip, only worse in nature, though not worse in its effects, is Censoriousness. The love of finding fault is universal. Not a few pride themselves upon being able to pick plans, systems, and reputations to pieces. The fault-finder has obtained access to every Church. He disturbs the meetings; he seems discontent; he is always ready with an objection. But, as all human propositions and work are imperfect, it is very easy to discover faults in them. And to have a needle-eye for detecting mistakes and failings is neither a grace nor a gift of the Spirit. The office of charity is not to strip the poor fault of every figleaf of excuse and make it run naked; it is to cover it up and wrap it warm in the mantle of love. Nor is it a sign of conscientiousness to nibble at and take exception to every project that is proposed, and to censure everything that has been done. There are some who, because they cannot have perfection, are pleased with nothing. They make the best the enemy of the good. They would try to pick a hole in perfection itself. They are the plagues of our Churches. One of them wiU mar the peace of a whole denomination. It is a habit to be guarded against; it is a hindrance to be removed. In this enumeration we must not overlook Parsimoniousness. As Christianity is constituted money is indispensable. The divine law is that the material resources needful for its propagation are to be the free-will offerings of believers. Yet it is to be feared that no side of the Christian character is so defective, no duty is so systematically neglected, as that of giving. Nothing, indeed, makes one so ashamed of the current profession of Christianity as its financial aspect. Our overdrafts, our debts, our collections, our offerings, our donations, our artifices to get money are a disgrace to the Gospel. (Hear, hear.) The principles and practices of the great majority of Christians with regard to money contributions are deplorable. Every week reveals it. A Church member is heard praying with wonderful fervour for the conversion of the heathen. Ask him for a J£5 note to send out a missionary, and he shuffles, makes paltry excuses, and refuses—not because he cannot afford it, but because he loves his money a great deal more than he loves the souls of the heathen. Another expresses in the abstract his unshaken confidence in the promises of God. Ask him for a sovereign towards some philanthropic object, and remind him 'that he who hath pity on the poor lendeth unto the Lord, and that which he hath given will Be pay him again.' How quickly he pulls out his watch! How suddenly he remembers he has a pressing engagement! He will see you about it asain. Ah, but he does not invest the pound, and put the promise to the test. A third sorrowfully laments the neglect and ungodliness everywhere manifest. Bring out a subscription- book, and say:—' We are building a church or a schoolroom to check it. What may I put down your name for?' In a moment he tells you there are too many churches and schools already; or else he overwhelms you with the story of his past losses or the gloomy prospects of the future. I am not pleading for wasteful extravagance in building, nor for excessive salaries for ministers. 1 ask for efficient organizations. I ask that instead of one half of the Church's time being spent in paying off debts which ought not to exist, we may have our energies free for spiritual labour. I ask that Christians, instead' of giving beggarly contributions, and screwing down their weekly offering, to the last possible limit, will give to God liberally, bountifully, royally, and curtail their expenditure on dress, on style, on amusements to do so. (Applause). I ask for the wealth of the rich and the mites of the poor for the treasury of the Lord, and in quite another proportion to that commonly accepted. I ask that gifts may be according to the prosperity granted; and when that is done, we shall not have to din and dun and expostulate; for overdrafts and debts of churches will be as great curiosities as mastodons and dodos—(a laugh)—and all will belong to a past age. I had noted down several other hindrances upon which, if time had permitted, i would have spoken. Prejudice, which is a bitter spring poisoning the sweet stream of spiritual life; fashion and love of display, which are the fatal decoys to worldliness of heart and life; indolence, that turns away with folded hands from the white harvest fields; selfindulgence, which considers ease, personal comfort before duty; timidity, which loses golden opportunities through fear of lions in the way; sestheticism, which exalts taste above both devotion and truth; silence where there should be speech, and speech where there should be silence. I pass these by with bare mention, and come in conclusion to the Inordinate Worship of Wealth and Position.^ and the craving for respectability, which is despiritualizing and emasculating the Church. Respectability is the Great Diana of modern Christianity. If a new beatitude were discovered there could not be a more general conviction nor a louder cry than—"Blessed are the respectable!" Respectability has come to be the test of success; and fidelity to Christ, consistency, and belief are subordinated to it. In the days of our Lord the sign of the divinity of the Gespel was that the poor had it preached to them, and that the common people heard it gladly. Eighteen centuries have wrought a strange change. Now the evidence relied upon to convince doubters of its onward progress is that the rich and the great listen to its message. The minister who can boast of influential people who come in their carriages, and who numbers an Honourable or two, a few members of Parliament, and a Mayor, is called a most successful man, with a very pro perous ' cause,' even though conversions are as rare as showers in summer. But the minister whose congregation is drawn from the lower stratum of the middle class and the poor, though hundreds are converted under his preaching, is half-contemptuously spoken of. even' by Christians, as * a very useful man no doubt, doing a great deal of good—very earnest, very rousing; our servants go there, and you know they require that sort of thing.' Why, this is exactly what the 'upper classes 1 thought about the Christ Himself. Respectabilitv would have notbing.to do with Him, because none of the rulers had believed in Him. And respectahility now will only acknowledge that form and kind of Christianity which fashion and rank sanction. Respectability does not believe much in ^ conversions, or in any decisive and aggressive I efforts; neither can it enjoy prayer meetings where a godly but unlettered man tries to make known our wants to God. Respectability can overlook a i glaring inconsistency, but it is terribly shocked at ! a mispronunciation. It can tolerate a breach in . the moral law. but not one of etiquette. It can \ find great delight in the society of a Christian who i has surrendered all his spirituality, but none in that of oue who drops his 'h's.' Respectability likes to go to a fashionable rout on Monday, to the I races on Thursday, to the theatre on Saturday night, and whispers to the world, ' I love you; I am your friend.' Then, on Sunday it comes to the House ef God, and says, ' I am a friend of God; I love '— the Father,' ' as ™ though *- u """ u it had never 1 been written, ' If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him,' and ' Whosover will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.' Respectability does not select its place of worship from considerations of truth or spiritual profit. The question it asks is not ' What is believed and preached?'but'Who attend?' And respectability goes where the fine people go. It leaves the church where the poor predominate, even though its first religious impressions were received under the ministry there, and is quite proud to sit down in a back seat behind the leaders of fashion— " The influential sinners Who rent the highest pews.' Peopje who will be respectable will surrender principle, convictions, and conscience for respectability. They do despite to the Spirit, they are disloyal to Christ, they wrong their own souls to belong to a respectable Church, where they cannot speak of what they do believe, and where they are compelled to sanction by their presence and silence what they do not believe. In this age respectability is a temptation that besets us all. It is a danger that theatens every Church. The world is determined to be religious. It has set its heart upon getting the sanction of religion. But it can only get what it wants by making Christianity worldly. It wants to patch up a peace. It says to Christianity—'You come with me in the week to my balls and races and theatres, and lend me your countenance, and I'll come to your churches on Sunday, and patronise your bazaars and ragged schools.' And if Christianity do not reply— ' Between me and thee there is a great gulf fixed. I may not come over leBt I become like thee and lose the likeness of my Lord,' the line between the Church and the world will be completely obliterated. We must indeed 'take heed that we do not grow respectable.' For any denomination that gets that title is not far ofi' its 'funeral sermon.' Already we have gene further than fidelity or safety warrants. (Hear.) A determined stand must be made. The alternative before us is the approval of Christ or the approval of the world. And in order to show that we love the Lord Jesus, we must forego much that is lawful, because it is neither expedient nor safe. Puritanism of the sourest and dismallest type is better than a liberalism that makes 'light have communion with darkness, and Christ concord with BeliaL' I hope I shall not be misunderstood. (Hear.) I am not making an indiscriminate assault upon wealth and position. Wealth is undoubtedly a great talent; riches are an immense power; ana tne influence of those who stand in the front ranks, regulating the movements which affect society, is to be desired for the Gospel. A wealthy Christian can do what a poor one cannot do. But Christianity must not be hawked about to get the leaders of society to patronise it. Christianity cannot accept, and must not receive their patronage if their lives are at variance with its precepts. Dives must not be put upon our religious Committees because he is Dives, and can give a large donation. (Applause.) Rank must not be asked to take the chair at our meetings because he has a title. Respect must be had to consistency and fitness. Wealth and nobility, with piety, are in their proper places presiding over our Christian Societies. But no amount of money, and no historic splendour of name, and no degree of prestige or success, justifies the invitation of a man of un-Christian life to patronise Christianity. And when it is done, they who do it deserve what the Committee ef the Norwich Bible Society got when it asked the sporting Earl of Orford to take the chair at its annual meeting. In reply to the Secretary, the Earl wrote the following note:—'Sir—I am surprised and annoyed at tne contents of your letter—surprised because my well-known character should nave exempted me from such an application ; annoyed because it obliges me to have this communication with you. I have long been addicted to the gaming-table. I have lately taken to the turf. 1 fear I frequently blaspheme. I have never distributed religious tracts. All this was well known to you and to your Society, notwithstanding which you think me a proper person for your President. May God forgive your hvpocrisy. I would rather live in the land of sinners than with such saints.—Iam, &c.;, OBFOBD. May, 1867.' The candour of that nobleman is to be admired, however much his moral condition is to be deplored. He had a truer sense of consistency than that lackey-spirited Committee, who thought rank a sufficient set-off to blasphemy, and titled ungodliness a compliment to the Word of God. How ashamed of themselves they must have been | when these incisive sentences were read out for their common edification. And now I close. I have enlarged upon this last for it is the most serious. The intelligence from England shows that this determination to be respectable is threatening to destroy the spiritual life of the city churches. They are becoming so worldly in tone and act that vital godliness is imperilled. The same thing iB here. Let us watch and pray that we enter not into temptation. The last thing to be said is the necessity of unflinching Christian faithfulness to Christ, to the Word, to conscience. It is not isolated acre, but the habit of fidelity that is required-fidelity in the little aB well as the great—for he who is faithless in that which is least will when the temptation is strong enough be faithless in that which is greatest; ana it is only he who removes the minor hindrances from the way of the Gospel who has the guarantee that he will never obstruct its progress with the major ones. He " Who keeps no guard upon himself is slack, And rots to nothing at the next great thaw." The circumstances and the times demand a thorough and personal consecration on the part of Christians. There must be sincere and decisive piety. Consistency must be worn and protected as a jewel of costliest worth. We must be altogether for Christ. A half-hearted homage, a partial surrender, a fitful service, a lukewarm love will not suffice. Body, soul, intellect, life, influence, time, talent, affection, must all be laid upon the altar, awaiting the descent of the fire from heaven. Then the rest will follow. The Holy Ghost shall endue us with power from on high; and the Gospel, having all hindrances removed from its way, winged by faith, wafted by prayer, and accredited by consistency, shall go singing through the lands till stranger ears aud alien hearts have heard and understood its wondrous message of love. Then praise shall rise from full hearts, daily prayer shall be as incense, the lifting up of the hands as the evening sacrifice, till God's millenial morn shall rise On happy hearts and blessed eyes. Meantime each believing and obedient heart may take up the supplication of faith- Few years, no wisdom, no renown, Only my life can I lay down; Only my heart, Lord to thy throne I bring, and pray A child of thine I may go forth. And spread glad tidings through th3 earth. And teach sad hearts to know Thy worth I Lord, here am L Make Thou me strong; that staff and stay. And guide and guardian of the way. To Theeward I may hear each day, Some fainting soul. Rpeak, for I hear; make pure in heart, Thy face to see; Thy truth impart In hut and hall, in church and mart! Lord, here am I. I ask no heaven till earth be Thiue, No glory crown while work of mine Reniaineth here; when earth shall shine Among the stars; Her 6ins wiped out, her captives free, Her voice a music unto Thee, For crown, new work give Thou to me! Lord, here am L" The Rev. S. MEAD said in another place last week the mover of a vote of thanks to the reader of an address objected to its being received as the opinion of the body over which he presided; and admitting the right of independent judgment and varied views of truth, it did sometimes happen that they could not always be unanimous in approving of that which they had heaid. He doubted not, however, that all there were able to approve of the address to which they had just listened—(applause) — and instead of its going forth as the views of one, he should like it to go forth as the voice of the whole meeting. (Applause.) He moved-" That a vote of thanks be presented to Mr. Parsons, and that his address should go forth as the unanimous expression of that meeting." The Rev. J. PRICE seconded, observing that he felt convinced that there was but one feeling in the minds of all with regard to the address. The first part, ^hich related to ministers, was so searching and so good, that he felt sorry, per- Sonally v when their esteemed Chairman turned over to the other side. (Hear, hear.) But the conviction gashed on his mind that this was a proof of the truthfulness of the first subdivision respecting the feeling of separation between ministers and their people; and the second part belonged to himself as much as the liist. (A laugh.) If he was a minister he was a member of the Church, and had great need to beware of gossip and censonousneas, and one or two other things mentioned. Other good points had not 1)661 1 brought out, but there was great strength of reserve "i the address. He took that opportunity , of expressing his deep thankfulness to God that He " ad * ln theif exigency as a Church, sent amongst t !i eI ? a maJ }, a "? r hls ow n heart, such as their ^ ^PP^use ) The Rev._ J. DANIEL cordially supported the motion saying Chairman had given him a BO l "l d drubbing; but he thought all had got it P retty smart t* 30 ' (Laughter.) He had been a long time in the Church, preaching the W«rd for many years, and had seen a great many of the evils resulting from the hindrances to which Mr. Parsons had referred. He hoped tbe ministers who came there that day would remember one thing—not to be jealous one of another. (Hear, hear.) How often did they feel a jealousy of Soand-so's fine church—(a laugh)—which was not right: and another thing he thought they ought to remember—some thought that a minister went up to heaven duriug the week and came down on SAturday night for the Sunday's service—(laughter)— he was so far above the people; and he thought the more united they were the greaterwouldbo their success. He entertained a feeling of esteem for all his brethren, and sometimes felt they had more grace in the heart than he had; but he sought to make himself the owest. Then with regard to Church gossip, the Chairman bad pictured them in a very sombre manner, but not blacker than they were. He was sure he shonld not forget the address throughout the whole of the year. (Applause.) The Rev. J. M. DAY joined heartily in the proposition, and hoped it would also go forth as the views of the denomination. He honestly confessed that whilst listening to the address he thought a great deal of what was said in relation to ministers should cause shame and confusion of face. The effect, however, of the paper going forth with their sanction would be that tney woula be watched and criticised by others, and this should lead them all to a most searching heart* examination. He hoped they would rid them* selves of these hindrances if they existed, and the result would be more real and genuine joy and a strengthening in Christian life. (Applause.) Mr. W. K. THOMAS, after what had been said by their ministers, would simply, as a Church member, join in supporting the motion, and he thought every word was applicable to their position and necessary for their instruction. The address was of such a nature that it was worthy to go forth as the utterance of the denomination, ana he hoped and prayed that all would profit by it. Speaking of that portion relating to Church members, he considered it highly important, because those hindrances mentioned were felt no doubt in every Church. As the address, hesidea being printed in the usual way, would go forth to the world at large, they would be watched, and people would be ready to ascertain whether ther really did profit by what they had heard (Applause.) The Eev. H. J. LAMBEBT, whilst admitting that ministers might take to themselves what was stated in reference to Church members, would have the latter bear in mind that ministers needed their sympathy and prayers, in order to assist them to guard against these veiy hindrances. (Hear, hear.) Not only should they get rid of thp«w things, but live for each other and be in earnest. Mr. G. SHAW congratulated Mr. Parsons upon the unanimous expression ef feeling respecting his address, which appealed so thoroughly to their understanding. The motion having been carried unanimously, the CHAIBMAN said a few words in reply, and ao adjournment was then had for dinner. [To be continued to-morrow.] 