ThIE GIPPSLAND LAKES. TOTIIE SDIiOIL OF TIIE GII'PSLAND TIMES. SIts,-Is there any one that really wishes the navigation of the Lakes to be encouraged P I f so, why do they not at once protest against all visionary schemes and useless (if not mischievous) experi nwnts, which can only result in nothing whatever being done. After the opinions of those who had a practical knowledge on the subject were taken,it was seen that the present outlet could be improved (at a comparatively small outlay) sufficiently to admit any vessels that could navigate the lakes and rivers inside. On the reasonableness of this, application was nmade to the Government, and £2,000 was granted, and other assistance offered, when all at once vision No. 1, in the shape of a Welshpool Railway, inter posed, and set at nought the work of six years, saying " Try for a railway ; you won't get it, but it will stop anything being done to the Lakes' entrance." Then the vision departed, following like a shadow the rev. member for the South. Vision No. 2 is now casting its shadow in the way of progress. It is a ghost raised by the solemn senate of the sleepy follow, and kindly taken in hand by the two hih councils of the regions of stringy bark, kangaroo, and packhorses. The wise men say " We are traders, what difference to us the cost of transit, the producers and consumers have to pay ; they must come to us for goods at our own price, and we get fifteen per cent. on overdrawn accounts. We don't want independent farmers or miners. W hatsignifies to us the general welfare P" As soon as people are tired of vision No. 2, the name of which commences with " Lott," ore will try vision No. 3, and give another thirty pieces of tribute money to have wands of tea.tree placed at regular intervals along the centre of Lake Roeves, and the next new entrance will be a glorious prospect at the ofllux of the Merriman's Gully, fifty miles nearer ' elbeurne than the present entrance, for the wise traders are aware that if the present channel is dammed at the point of shaving no entranco on the Ninety-mnilecarchl will remain open (long enough for anyone to get their tea and sugar from Melbourne) unprotected by the Red Bluff.-Yours, &c.;, ANON. North Gippsland, 26th May, 1860. 