THE AFJRIOAHGOLD-FIELDS. (from the mount alexander mail, AritiL 5.) A correspondent, who lately left this district for the new African gold-fields, writes : Natal, December 10, 1808. I arrived here on the 12th inst. At Mauritius three of our party were laid up with the fever. 1 fortunately escaped. We were detained a few days in consequence, but it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that nearly all the reports we had heard regarding the goldfields were lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by fourteen men for twelve months, during which time they have only knocked out some 3oz. of gold. Distance certainly lends enchantment to the view, for few here appear to know anything about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz from which he said he could got GOoz. to the ton, which I am sure would not produce a pennyweight. I think the fellow must he cracked, for ho allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely-looking stone we failed to discover the ghost of a speck, nor could we find the colour on any of the lot he had. If over a fellow deserved Lynching he certainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that an English prospecting party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distance up country-quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 miles. No chance of wagging it here. It will cost £40 per man for the purchase of of waggon, bullocks, provisions, &c;, consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with them. In for a penny in for a pound ; we are come so far and are bent on seeing a little of the country, but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some old O tugo diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again I say, stay where you are. You remember Mount Hope nish, or Mount Hoax, as it was called. There is a good deal of "ditto" abouttbisalTair.somothiugnot quite "the pure merino." By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but "it wouldn't wash." The Kaffirs work for next to nothing, 12s. per month, and two feuds of sweet potatoes per day and as for living being so very cheap, you can live as cheaply in Victoria as here, fruit is about the only cheap thing I have seen as yet-3d. for thirty peaches, and the same amount for ten melons. . . . , I will write as soon as ever I can get a chance of doing so. I wish I was back at Guildford again ; catch me coming on a wild-goose chase again, that's all. 