LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. IK tho Supremo Court, BrUbano, on Friday, on the application of Mr. M'Dovitt, tho rulo was ou largod until noxt term in tho mattor of tho upplioa' tion of Aloxandor Pollook for a writ of prohibition. Tub Dally Horald says that bo Btrong was tho wind on tho Cih instant that a train of trucks on tbo rail way was put in motion, and brought back with difficulty about two liundrod yards. Tulk: about blowing, nftor that ! Tub olootrlo telegraph was openod to Townsvillo ' and Iukonnan on Tuostlay. TllK. Maryborough Chronicle Buggestsi tlmt wo shonld ? send Prinoo Alfred, who ia now in Sydiioy, 'a hearty cheer of welcome, loud anoufjli to pioroo tho intorvoning spaao that HupuratnR us from tlio pluae of his prosont abudo.' Wo do hot tliluk, tho way things aro in at Maryborough, thut thoy aro ablo to rnino suah a shout an tbut. AN owl flew into the bar- room of Foos's Hotel on Tuesday evening and was captured. Mr. Corry has extended his hospitality to the interesting visitor, and is endeavouring to tame it. THE mail for tho Unitod Kingdom, &o.;', will 0I0SO at Gpmpio at 8 o'clock on Sunday, ovoning. ? A rei'oiit bus boon current that n ghost has boon seen botwuon tho Calodonian Hill and tho Ono-milo; but on enquiry tvo find that tho nocturnal visitant is not a spirit, but evidently in tho flcBh. It is boyond question that a man, ontiroly naked, has bocn soon, walking about tho locality wo havo mentioned dur* ing tho lnat wook, but tho polico havo boon unable to apprehend him. Tho most favourable consti notion that can bo plaood on hiB donduot is that ho is a sonnnmbul'fl1. . . At a mooting of squatters hold at Charlovillo thd following potition wor adoptod : — 1. That in oonso* quenoo of tho groat dititunoo of your potitionort-' runs from tho soa-board, thoy havo to pay oxtromo rntoa for labour and carriage 2. That tho froquont re currence of so voro droughts in this district rondora tho proBont ronta eXcosflively high in proportion to tho Btook tbo runa will oarry, ospocially as compared with tho rents paid for runs in tho nottlod districts. 3.' That tho abovo-montionod ronBona, in conjunotioQ with tho grout dopruciuliou in wool and Block, mako ? pascorai pursuits .noo omy unromnnorativo, uuc a sorious and continuing loss. 4. That tho groatoi* portion of our runs aro totally dostituto of pormanonb water, and to soouro an adoqnato supply ontails an outlay of capital not warranted under onr prosend short leases. 5. That your patitionors bolioro that a rental of ton sliUlinga por squaro milo for wntorfid' runs, a nominal ront for unwatorod runa, and an oxtonsion of loaso to twonty-ono yoam wonld pre vent many of thoprOBont lessees from forfeiting thoir ? rans, while, on tho contrary, it woald onablo them, to carry out fluch improvomenta ag groatly . to in-. oreaso tho capabilities ot tho district. Tub Maryborough Ghrunicle statos that castings aro ? boing purformed daily at MosarB. Walker's Union Foundry, for. tho completion of their, own factory. . . plant, as woll as tho numerous orders that thoy have - in hand. Those includo two sugar mills, with 1 boil* ing and olarifying apparatus complete, portions o( whioh aro nlroddy in a stato of forwardnoss. On tho : occasion of a recent visit to tho works to witnoss tho operation of casting eomo heavy pioces of maohinery, wo were much struck with tho completeness and ? business-like nspoot of tho works, and with tho-, aotivity whioh appeared to pervado ovory branch of, tho various departments. Wo understand that tho ? only disadvantage undor whioh tho establishment ab ? present labours is tho difficulty of proouring a suffi ciency of competent hands. .Hall, the Sheriff's moBsonger (says tho Bitprcss), ' who Inat weok bolted from his offico, taking with ? him a considerable sum of monoy belonging to tho Government, was brought back in oustody from Sydney yesterday, in tho steamer City of Brisbnno. The prisoner a few years ago held a rospootablo position in Rockhampton, where he was for somo time in tho office of Mr. Wiseman, tho prosont Polico Magistrate — at that timo Commissioner of Crown Lands. Ho also held tbo position of ' Noblo Grand11 in the Lodgo of Oddfellows in that town, but quitted tha Order in disgrace, through having^ failed to account for a portion of tho funds loft in his oharge. Ho subsequently held the offico of soorotiry of tho Bowen Building Society, whioh un- - hnp; ily resulted in his being prosecuted by tho Society for ombezstlincr a anm nf mnm ont-notori tr. - him to purabaso a safo from Messrs. P. N. Russell' of Sydney. Ho entered tho Sheriffs doparttraent,j shortly af or the Bowon escapade, with, it is said, an ' oxoullont character,' but the Bowen and Rock hampton folks woro not a littlo surprised at tho appuinlment./ Ho will be brought up at tho Police Court to-day..; ,. ' '— ' A very ourious devioo for the purpose of inducing dew, or oven rain, to fall at cortain points, has been shown to us by a gentleman'- who has the apparatus at work in his garden. He, at present', objects to the whereabouts bo.ing mado known j bnt, undor tho belief that all who try it will bo bonoatted, aDd that tho more who do so, tho sooner will its utility bo appreciated, he- furnishes us with tho following1 description; so that those who foel intorostod may try tho devioo for themselves :— ' The agent which it is attempted to bring to tho help of the oultivator is electricity. .1 am trying to got tho clouds to de- '' posit their treasures by the use of metallic pointd fixed to stakeB (grapo vino stakos) a few foot nbove '?'???? the ground. To the points very thin oonduotbra nre attaohod, nnd those lead into the ground, aud in a fow bases aro laid along tho rows of common gardon orops. This is tho whole apparatus, arid ;' although I do not say so positively,' for tho dry wea ther soon bfoko up after, and there has beon mnoa ' , rain and fino'grpwing woather Binoe the points' word raised, I do believe that, my .orops are doing better than; usual. The idea iB not new, nor do I wish it to be considered as originating wiih mo. Drs. Franklin and Darwin have suggested .somothing of the kind ; but, ' bo far as I know, I am tho first to prnotioally apply tho test. Tho exponso is nob great, 18s. sufficed for the erection of 24 points and all the apparatus, so that those who feol disposed may try it, and I feel certain that:hoavy doposita of ' dow will bo sent into tho soil during oyory night. ? On dry nights tho nidistnro is vorv eviHnnk. Tim devioo is, worth, testing ; Way it not load us to a method of bringing'downYaiu also? If a fow me tallio points erected but a' few fbet abovo tho soil, suooeed in bringing dow find moisture to tho soil, who oan .speak to the effect of moro 'powerful and numerous apparatus' of tho same or similar naturo f' — Queenslander. , 