OLLA PODRIDA. PAniiAMKNTinx PICKINGS.-Oh gracious patience! I was as noarly as possible being called in last Friday night: and made sure I should be, when Honorable Lands said somo follow was a vilo slanderer and a scoundrel; but tho "follow" whoovor ho was mada no sign ; and as neither Wilson nor Parkes would squeak, nothing carno out of it. I know that things aro still very unsottled; and tho Sorgeant at Arms doesn't know at what moment ho may requiro my assistance. Even now, there's a "good doal of mystery about thoso follows whom Parkes and Wilson havo been talking about so glibly. . Aa for Parkes, I verily behove ho's aeon another ghost} for do you know that, when ho cooks up his trunk and sniffs tho ministerial broezo from "over tho woy," his I graceful board fairly bristles ; ovory individual hair stand I ing oarefully and independently on end in tho most marvellous mannor, as though it was juBt after hoing frit ! out of its proprioty. Depend on't, Sell, Parkes has found another mares nest; and its a deuced good thing he (that's Parkes pf course) doesn't.at this present writing hold the keys of Darlinghurst, else we'd certainly have i half a seora of whito.washod private "poolors" hunting aftor tho maro whoso neat the great H.P. lias discovored. Wo don't want a socond edition of Myora, Jionodict and Oo. I hardly know what to make of Wilson, unless he had boon seized with a horrid night maro, after a too largo indulgence in green stuff, or parohed peas and water, and discovered tho tattooed "To Kooti," all painted for wur, sitting on his chest. Thats tho only way I can ncoount for so temperato a man as the groat Ifydropathologist allowing his reason to overstep his judgment, and repost fanciful conversations without either the power or tho will to give up tho authors. Parkes on tho other hand ia such a torriblo high stopper when hunting an enemy, that ho cares not a fig to what lengths ho goos in asser- tion ; so long as ho has a ghost in sight ; and I'm novor astonished at anything his peouliur raíles loada him into saying about any rival statesman (?) I caut think old Parkes hus dono.himsalf muoh good by his fast and looso business ubout rebels, and Irishmen, and Fenians ; and tho way ho has tried to find fault with " Jack's" policy, touahing tho late projected picnic. Tho Kiama seor appears to mo only' to havo strengthened tho position of thoso ho thought to woaken ; foi there can bo nothing moro apparent than that his opinion of a "rebol"'or a " patriot" doponds ontiroly upon whether the .particular specimen be rich or poor ; and that ho cares not whether we aro all grilled, in globo or seriatim, so long as ho (Tho Parkes) draws a screw for looking after tho colony's well being. " Let tho tail go with tho ludo !" is certainly a vulgarism ; but as suoh it's ovidontly wall understood and appreciated by tho representatives of tho pooplo. This was very apparent tho other night -when was being debated Mr Macloay'6 proposition for " tapping " tho Murrumbidgee with tho Iron horse ; as I gathered from Che cool and careless apathy of the geutlomon who, bo cauao a groat quantity of tho .Riverina trade has gono to Molbouruo through tho quick and oasy modo of com- munication with the Victorian capital, think it wiso not to givo tho inhabitants of that far- ofT'distriot tho means of reaching Sydney in something Uko the samo comfort- able style. Evidontly these " wiseacres " display on thoir shields the statesmanlike motto-"Let the tail go with the hide" More power to suoh a lot of members of Parliament ! They ought everyone of them to accept tho " Stewardship of Booby Island," if they havo no better reasons for thoir opposition to tho Intercolonial Railway Schorao of Mr Maolcay. Now, spooking of the member for tho Murrumbidgee, I don't forgot nn old story which I religiously believe to bo truo, and which runs thus ; in tho good old days, when Sir John was Governor and Lord John was his Aido, there was a Levee, at which tho mombors of tho Legislature wore, of course, to bo pre- sented en musse, and a member for an important squat- ting constituency came lato. Lord John, ho wovor, was anxious to marshall him along with tho othor mombors of tho Commons HOUBO, but tho representativo of tho far-off distriot politefully doclinod ; saying, "novor mind, thanks ! I'll go with tho gentlomen-tho general public" If I romembor right Mr Macleay was thora about that timo. What would the Parliament House bo without n Stewart P (of courso I moan John of that ilk.) . Why I deolare' if ho wasn't thore to keep tho publio sorvants up to their work, lhocou/itry,d'vil sor rico especially, would auroly go right owoy to rack. A country govornod ns he would havo it governed nnd doubtless would himself govorn it, if ho had a oliance, would bo a very paradise indeod. I Thoro wouldn't need any parliament, or any ministers. Only a govornor to sit in tho Btato coach and hold tho reins. Tho country would -savo expense of ministerial salaries, and tho whole civil list, and judges, and crown lawyors, and all tiiat sort of thing. Thoro would bo no payment of mombors for tho other Stewart to disoourse learnedly upon ; no estimates to test tho financial figures of rival'treasurers ; no nothing in foot to go to tho country about. Honorablo members might always remain in the country, and not requiro to spend a certain amount of thoir time and money in that much abused refreshment room. How is it thal room is so popular, late in an ovoning P Why do honorablo mombors persist in resort- ing thither, oven while another honorable member is speaking, oven on suoh an important question as tho Budget ? I have hot tho remotest idea; but fl till they will parsist in doing this ; and tho other night they did it while Mr Farnell was making his speech about tho finances. Now, to my fanoy Mr Farnell made a very good Bpeeoh. ? Tho question was ono on whioh ho had evidently 'spout much timo ; he had worked his figures well into order ; and ho put thom clearly beforo the members who listened to him; drawing a compliment oven from tho most egotistical lump in tho house I don't think any ono oxpeotod Mr Farnell to make a long oration ; but why ho should not if he liked, I don't BOO. Thoro aro two things I liko muoh about this honorablo member. Ho is always in his plaoe, and ho always speaks his mind ; and if ene is disposed to smilo at tho idea of Control Cumberland giving us a Cromwell, thoro'B very little doubt about somo such iron willed autocrat boing most urgently required to toach tho peoples repre- sentatives often timos the very rudiments of thoir duty, AB I said last wook, I wish Bomebody would turn out tho members and look tho door ; for to Bpoak honestly, I'm heartily tired of keeping watoh and word ovor a lot of members whoso only object is to kill timo without doing anything. I'm Badly afraid, if they stay together much longer, thcro must^bo a free fight ; and then I should have to toko somebody in ohargo.-FOUCIIE. Ouït STREET.-Wo havo hado flowerBIIOW,andthonrri val of tho Mail-Bieyolo races, and shot practico from Mrs Macqaario'B Chair; yot with all thoso excitements Our Street cannot bo said to have been in tho moat livoly Btato since last I wroto to you. " Front do Bosuf" goos his rounds as usual ; but BOOS little of novelty to toll of. Yes, by tho byo, thoro I'B somothing now, and that is a real unmistakeable move towards exporting butter from Aus- tralia for tho aupply of England. I read with interest tho letter ofMossrs Goldsbrough, Burl, mid Co., on tho sub- ject ; because I know that tho gentleman therein roforrcd to as having had groat oxporionoo in tho trade, is a most reliable authority-not çivon to blowing-and probably better ablo than any ono in tho Colony nt prosonfc, to givo a correct " tip" concerning this now, but I think very promising branch of Colonial Commoroo. If our vastly increasing production of wool cannot bo equalised by as steadily a riaing demand, but on tho contrary tho prico of our onco only staplo booomos unrommnorativo ; tho pooplo of Now South Walos must look for othor Bourcoi of inaono nnd. pf profit, other objects to which thoy inny apply thoir industry. There's no reason beoauso wo havo hitherto had to import largely of all tho necessaries as well as tho luxuries of life, that wo should not now return tho compliment, by sending supplies of our abundnnco to less favoured parts of the world ; and this Butter Spec. I do think likely to do m uah good in "OurStreet." Diamond seeking has not of late boon productive, thut is because tho stuff collected for trial has not beon washed or panned out ; and I've some sort of on idea that this arises from a fear on the ¡part of the seekers that thoir labors may ond in a seoond Townsend "soil." Out of all the loads of wash dirt now waiting to bo proved, thoro might to como a good rioh parcol of gems if gems ore really to bo found, ns a mnttor of cer- tainty ; as in tho onao of gold, I hu different pinces being tho only matter of doubt and speculation. In Quartz Roofing tho question is one of ounces, pennyweights, or grains to tho ton ; in alluvial sinking, of speos to the dish ; and so it will bo in diamond hunting, a matter of oarats to the hopper. Somo people say our Railways are tho boat, and somo soy thoy aro tho worst managed "goods" wo have. Everybody knows they don't pay ; but it's a great satisfaction to know, after that oollision at Parra- matta, that the different subordinate situations, all the the smallest minutia} of this gigantic system, are filled up and carried out in tho most effective as well as economi- cal manner. Tho last collision showed clearly enough that no improvement is poasiblo in tho management of the whole, or tho working out of details, seeing that both aro tho ne plus ultra of perfection. But the. thing doesn't pay. Whether or not things will go better under a Rail- way Commissioner ïemnina to be proved ; and tho proof ought not to bo long a coming ; for of a surety Afr Uobortsoh must appoint such an officer before long. Tho Country won't submit for ever to have such an important interest as that of Railways only half managed ; with the responsibility kioked about from ono persons shoulders' onto thoso of anothor; and I havo always been, of opinion that there should bo anon-political hoad to the department. People are not always given to calculate particularly tho relative and comparative expanse of their living in any different years, provided they have reason to boliovo that tho said expenses aro docroasing ; and that they are paying apparently loss for any particular item than they wore ton years before. This fact will become moro apparent to you when I put before you my propos- ition, in figures,'and demonstrate tho long-suffering and (¡ulliblo oharactor of tho Sydnoy folks in a very important item of their regular expenditure. Some years back, at a period wo can all remember, without muoh strain upon the momory, tho prioo of gas from tho motor was eighteen shillings por thousand ; and at that timo tho publican paid for his outside light, which he ie compelled to burn, two pounds eighteen shillings and sixpence por quartor. At tho present day tho motor price is reduced to eight and sixpence:; but, mirabile dictu, the publican's outside light is still at tho same price as in tho dear times. One of two things appears certain-either the publicans were supplied with tho outside light at an absurdly low rato whioh could not, by possibility, pay tho oompany, at tho time when tho meter gas was eighteen shillings ; or they aro vilely imposed upon in having the prioo of the ono light kept up to tho same figure, when tho rest of their gas has been reduced by atrillo more than ûftyper cent. It appears, however, that tho publicans take the blessings meted out to them by the meter, in that thankful spirit which so belongs to thom as a class, without a thought or a grumble about the inequality of the gas taxas levied upon thom within ¿ido and without their door ; and thoy seem satisfied that the price of eight thousand of insido gas,has como down from £7 4s to £3 8s ¡ while the un- known quantity consumed outsido has all the while remained at tho old valuation of £2 18s Gd. By tho bye, returning onco moro to tho Railways, would it not bo a good thing to have a singing carriage attached to ovary truin ? instead of allowing vocalists of oil grades of per- fection to warble (oh Sally coma up) thoir dittoes in whatever carriage they chooso to establish themselves, according to thoir ticket's classification. This necessity for what might bo very properly styled a locomotive con cort hall was rando very audibly, apparent to me a fow days back, when I wont a few mile.s along the Croat Western. My companion was a vocalist of no mean order ; but unfortunately he did not discover himself until wo wore en route ; and we wore just in the muidlo of tho Redfern Tunnel when his first notes fall upon my oar. I must hore remark that when making short trips, I find it eonduccth to economy to avoid the first class BaloonB ; and BO, on tho occasion alluded to, I was au seconde, whero tho musio sounds muoh "moro batterer" and clearer, than when it is muf fled by. tho stuffing and padding of the luxurious " first." My singer was cortainly not " Devoti ;" noithcr was ho that " peripatetic philosopher" who has enlivened " Our.Street " for so many years past by sing- ing popular molodios to his own accompaniment on the organ. Ho wasn't Fairfax or Sherwin, or any of those ono boars at the School of Arts or 'Temperance Hall ; but ho had a powerful organ, if not oho of tho most melodious ; and ho gave his audience the full benefit of tho doubt, whether his songs wero of the buffo fortissimo school or better suited to tho piano and sotto voce style. His has a wonderful repertoire, stocked with the choicest morceaux, and during the short time we were together (how I wished the train could "do its half hour in five and twenty minutes") ho got through a oimplote song book, one of the latest out. Herein were parodies upon every ooncoivable song that eyer,.was^ heard, and tho easy transition from ono to another of quito a different style, was somothing indeed for a singer to be proud of nnd on audience to delight in. My chan ¿ew was a completo wonder; distanco appeared with him to lend enchantment ; for ho flew over tho most alarming obstacles like a bird. From srave to gay, and from smiles to'tours, put no sort of öbstuculum in his way. "Father dear father como homo with monow," gave placo to " Tommy Dodd ;" " Tho Lass of Gowrie " escaped in an unheard of mannor from " tho Groves of Blarney ; . tho Old Musketeer " followod as qoiokly as tho gout-would permit him ore the " Marsoillaiso " had diod away ; and just as my journey carno to end so did tho euphonious comminglomont of " Tho Burial of Sir John Mooro" with "tho Wedding of Ballyporoen." Neod I soy I left tho corriago with regret ? Tho worblor was evidently going a long journey ; as he liad established his " understandings" comfortably oh tho opposito scat ; and I noticed when ho took off his olastio sidos, that he patronised the socks which need rio washing. If I meot him again I'll lot you know. ? ITitoNT DB BtEtrp. 