CONCERT AT THE T0WX IIALL. TO TBE EDITOR. Sir. — -l Khonld have sent you particulars or the oae on We Icesday-week, but baing out of town was unab'.o to attend, so I must be con tc-it with a kind of ' anything will do for the last nig'at' sort of afiiir; but if the per formers who did most of the work on Saturday did no bettor on the Wednesday, then the at tendance on Saturday proves now. innqu tue thing was a preciated. . I think if Aldiidge p.dd for the refreshment stall the gross jBaslj would nearly pay the refreshment bill. What claim have the theatre orchestra oh the public? I suppose tlio njxt thing we shall have is a canny rate to satisfy the Band tint occupies th« sfuttor. a half-penny for the street organs, and all the lnose change we can muster for the Tiarp and fildlo business. , I was ratlwr astoTiishfld to see the Q.A-C.'M. firm-ing in the progriium'; tho.V had better leave out the A and'insert P (profeasional) in' future or psopla uiay make a mistake. . A., .3 Tirtttr fni* flirt n/in'ftprh — Thirst nn t.bo liqf. is the overture 'Martha.' Everyone knows what tlie Theatre Band can do. , There are rdir of y u'r read -s vho have not hearl the ?well-known cry of ' physic ' at , the' play. Therefore I need only Eoyit was just the same us ,ever. .... .The next was a descriptive scena 'Will-o- tho Wisp,' and when Far^uhirson diilithe made his hearers feel that something-' wa.3 being done p operly. But the gentleman in the' present instiinse did it very much like John Wapftraw taming a turnip-cutter on a frosty morning — very co!d indeed, and hilf asleep. Th3 ' Ec'jo du mbtit Blanc ' wasi perhaps, performed better than anything in the list ; tna eeuo partespeciaJly, oitiiouga ine man wno did the eclio under the platform miist have hid hard work. . ? Mies' Stoneliam'sansj 'Love's Request ' very nicely, bat her voise is hardly strong enough for the room. The Band then did a selectionfrom 'Lucretia HftKrvia '* nn^ T fliint XITA Will IaI*. lt*i n(1.3S. Wf Batsen is a singer; and so mistake he can sing 'Pies Oh!' at the corner, especially if he could get his throat cleared with a pume'l brush every night before going to business. His 'Good bye sweetheart' beats everything in 'Pies Oh' — no stop; I beg his pardon. Why, good-graoious-me. it's worse than saw sharpening. If he is often taten that way he had better undergo a conree of medicine, or he will go intoagallonlngcoasuniptioni and then no one knows where it will .end, if. he ha3 jnaay sweet hearts to wish.' Qdoi- Vye.' -' The ' DenmurT: Quadrille ' put me i very ihnch in lhind of any other qnadriUe .of the same sort. It fiaished the first part, and I left the gallery to get a refresher at the stall out side the door. , , , i . ? The O.P.C.II. did the second part, and they made a worse do of it thanVrar. Them were three or four without an instrument of any kind, while those who had them Eeemed care less of what they were doing.. They com menced with the, overture from the burlesque, 'Faust,' ^rrittehby Pounsebt, and the com position does hitu great credit. Tue music is too good for burnt cork. ., The next was another of Potms'eri's— '?Peiee- ful shades of Evening.' It is a beautiful chorus, and one, that niight be listened for in some fairy land, whori) the litile people play on 'Wue bells,' and beat time with 'fairy wands.' 'Marching through Georgia' was a bungle just to finish up. . . Then cn-ae Sir. C. Stewart, with ' Star of Love, ' and he seemed as i* be was undergoiriz the not very pleajont operation of -'garotte.' Hu struggle! and squirmed to get the high notes very much like a spe.tred eel in the mud. Mr. T. Morton's ' Sand Jig' was quite a treat after the pain in the ear I had been suffering; aud wns deservedly encored, when he substituted a ''Walk around,' and it nearly shared the same fate. . . Hawson's ' Japanese Fiddle ' sold was tlie most mirth-provoking arrangement I have seen for some time. lean hardly understand tbe fin-rering, and to read the music is out of the question — -ilthough each note is tbe size of a moderate frying pan. I wish Mr. Diamond would study some other instrument; s,ay, for instance, the Side Drum or Jew's Harp. Either would be more ' ac ceptable than the cverlisting Concertina solo* I wnnder ppoplo sit and listen to it. For my The whole entertainment closed with the ' John Brown ' chorus. Before fiuishing I slionlJ like to1 know whether there can be no alterations made in the acoustic propo ties of tb;- Concert Hall. People may cill it acoustic if they like, but I say it is more like 'a cow Blie.i.' arid would ask how much was paid to a celebrated singer for a certificate of merit to the said crvarn. I think it is the worst room in the Southern HemispbiTO for singing, and the sooner some thing is doueto alter it, the oftener I shall take a place in the gallery corner to poke fun at the platform and give performers a wholesome advice. Not having written to you for some time I may as well iuFoi'ui you that the people here are in good excellent health nnd look well except in color. You can inform Pie3 Oh that if wo will cu,tob him down here we will make him crack sulphur till he is bins in the face. Tours, -te . DONNlZETfl'S GHOST. 