THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. "Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." — JUVENAL. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! So it wasn't a diamond after all ! As M. Hugo would probably say—sublime enthusiasm of human gullibility ! The Diamond " Sell " is worthy to take its place in history beside the Cock-lane Ghost or the Moon Hoax. I am not sure but that it does even excel those brilliant examples of popular delusion. The idiots who believed in the rapping spirit of Mary Parsons are paralleled in our day by Home [sweet Home !], and the gathering of silly women with deranged nervous systems. The moon hoax was but a corollary to the glorious "sells" perpetrated by that prince of jesters and jester of princes, Theodore Hook, but the Big Diamond is a "sell" so gigantic, so vast, so pecuniarily advantageous, that it tops all the swindles of the age. To absolutely persuade the people that somebody had found a diamond 13oz. in weight, and to make them buy the thing on"spec," is magnifi- cent. I do not wish to go into the ethics of the business, for I am not much above member-of- Parliament standard myself, and rejoice to swindle, cheat, or defraud a friend when a safe opportunity occurs ; but I should imagine that such a proceeding as the one charac- terised in my hearing by a shareholder as "the Armidale caper" is not strictly in accordance with the rules of commer- cial honesty ; but that does not detract from the magnificence of the hoax. It almost fulfilled the uupublished prophecy of Douglas Jerrold, who said that if the " Koh-i-noor was on sale to-morrow, some one would start a company to purchase it, and let it out on hire at evening parties." The com- pany has been formed, but the Koh-i- noor was not forthcoming. One million, two millions, three millions, four mil—— and only a piece of rock-crystal, and not worth five shillings ! Dear fellow humans ! excellent fools ! admirable knaves ! Oh, forgive me if I laugh, but five thousand pounds for a piece of rock-crystal ! It is too much !— Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho ! Apropos of Sells, there has been weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth upon the sunny side of Collins-street. There is a club there, composed of the cream of our little society, and noted for its rigid exclusiveness, which elects a committee, or something of that sort, by ballot. On the occasion of the last ballot the number of candidates was large, and the competition fierce. As is usually the case, when one party wins another party was defeated, and the members of that party have been going about howling with rage and despair ever since. It seems that voting by proxy was permitted, and the cause of grief is that A. took C.'s proxy under the pretence of voting for B., and used it to assist the return of D. In the course of my prow- lings I meet Python, shining, gorgeous, and serpentine. He enfolds me, so to speak, with his lithe presence, and giving one glittering glance around, to see that no one observes him talking to so ragged a per- son as myself, he laughs a noiseless, broad- lipped laugh (like a sculptured Assyrian king), and straightway relates the story of the ballot. " We kept him out, ha, ha!" says he, and his Egyptian eyes wax wide, and his eye lashes glitter, and his mouth has a savour of blood and a savour of guile. A few paces further on is little Rabbit, who also attacks me with his story. With finger in my button- hole, with eager gestures and rapid utterance, with hat jerked from off his heated brow, Rabbit tells me his version of the thing, and asks for an opinion. "For," saith he, " Python is descended from the Serpents of old Nile, whom you hate, and who hate you. Is an honourable Rabbit, a sympathiser with literature and art, a painter in water-colours, and a relative of the de Warrenne family, to be slimed and engulphed by this Python ! Forbid it, philosophy !" Now I may have my own opinion in the matter, and remembering a circumstance of similar nature in connexion with the Turf, may cherish a hope that the proxy system will be abolished, but why should I fall foul of Python—who, in the main, is a good-natured fellow despite his overpowering magnificence, or lay the foundation of a future feud with Rabbit, who is also good-natured, and will be nestling in Python's bosom within a week ? Such conduct would be unworthy a philo- sophic mind, which keeps itself above all earthy considerations. " If you please, sir,'' said the nurse girl to the sententious Cato, " Master Cains has struck Master Balbus !" " Turn them into the atrium, Nydia, and let them fight it out !" was the calm reply of that illustrious man. I am glad to find that somebody has put in a good word for Mr. Hugh Glass. Now that the financial lion is down, every impecunious jackass must have a kick at him. I never knew Mr. Glass save as a big person with a peculiar hat, who, when he walked, left a phosphorescent track of smiles in his wake, and made the air heavy with monetary whis- perings. He was then the Great Glass, the Rich Glass, the Omnipotent Glass, and I rather disliked him. Now he is the poverty- stricken Glass, the hard-up Glass, the Glass sued of banks, and oppressed of creditors, his friends have fallen from him, and stand afar off waiting to see who shall cast the first stone. I, therefore, rejoice to see that somebody speaks a word in favour of his former bene- factor. Adversity is a good thing sometimes. Mr. Glass's enemies have called him vulgar, and coarse, and purse-proud, and mean, and rapacious—hard words all, and perhaps not without some truth to weight them, but it seems that he has also been charitable and kind-hearted, has assisted the widow and succoured the orphan. "The evil that men do lives after them, the good is oft interred with their bones." Let us do justice to poor Dives. In Werke churchyard, Northumberland, is a punning epitaph over a village attorney's grave—" Here lies an honest lawyer, and that is Strange." It seems that in Brunswick there is a borough councillor who is of some value to his municipality, and that is Stranger. This gentleman was presented with a silver cup by the mayor, the other day, as a mark of esteem, and made such a brilliant speech in reply that it is worth notice. After thanking the council and the mayor for their gift, Mr. Stranger launched into oratory, and saying that his endeavour would be always " to do his duty," expressed a burning desire to emulate the hero of Trafalgar. This is not bad for a borough councillor. "A peerage or Westminster Abbey !" is a bold aspiration, but we are glad to find so ambitious a man in Brunswick. "Welcome little Stranger !" I do not know any more news. There are no cabbages or even turnips bigger than usual, while there is a most provoking scarcity of floods and earthquakes. Indeed, except that a sportsman shot rather a curious lobster near Dandenong, 1 know of no event in the least degree uncommon. The claws of the bird were feathered ; and its colour a bright green, which turned to blue when boiled. It's nest was discovered in an adjacent bush, with some young oysters, evidently the cuckoos of the concern. I understand that this lusus naturæ [vide Lat. Gram.] is to be seen at the office of an evening contemporary. Q. 