CHRONICLES OF THE TIMES. A thing slipt idly trora me : you must guess It. EllARKSrSABR. The political fever is raging throughout tho length aud breadth of tho land. Spnrions telograms are flying bachwnrd3 and forwards, conveying intelligence of tho most unreliable nature, and all tbo world is on tho tiptoe of ex pectation as to tbo rrsalt of tho forthcoming oleclions. At present tho political arena ia n dreary waste of sawdust. The gaB is not yet turned on, and the puhlio aro olamorous at tho doors. (The porformers are in the dressing-rooms, painting thorn an inch thick, and preparing to don the alliro Bailable to their various parts. The orchestra is ail confusion and mnsical discord, and tho playbills aro not even revised. The actors are sqaahbling about their respec tive parts, and await the decision of tho public ero finally assuming their Bcenio robes. As a mere stroller, a social waif aud stray, I euro but little about tho upshot. This is just as well ; ns, wore I at nireoncernod, I can easily imagine what a terrible elate of oonfusion my mind would ho iu wero I to take hoed of all that I hear. Rumour, with her many tongues, is moro varied than ever, and no two persons tell the same talo. Now tho Ministry are euro to bo returned by nn overwhelming mnjorily ; now it is confidently nsserled that the Liberal cendidates are invincible. Tho stories I honr oi thoso representatives of the people seeking elootion are, to siy the very least, appalling. Whore thoy originate it is difficult to imagine, bnt I can testify Hut no crimo is too atrocious to he charged, aud no infamy too nameless to bo laid, to the orodit of a wonld-bo repre sentative of the peoplo. D:spito all show of political immorality, I believe that Victoria ia the very essence of byperbolio virtue. I remember when a nude figure, although a work of art, was looked upon with horror. I remember a high clerical dig nitary being at nn entertainment at which that portion of " David Copporfield " was read where the acclimatised waiter drinks off the strong ale to prevent its doing any injury to the youthful guest. I saw that aged -dignitary hide his face like Antony, with the difference of pockot handkorchief for oloak, at tho thought that sueh baso deceit should bo the amusement of a Christian nulience. I know auothor shining light in high places, who, a short timo ago, seeing a volume of Tennyson's poems, asked if tho author had written anything worth reading. On being told that people thonght so, he borrowod tbo book to look through. Returning, howover, in about five minutes, with blushes nnd homs and has, he told thn louder that he had a family of growing daughters, and wished te know if the volamo oonld with safety bo left about. He received a double assnranco to the effect that all his offspring might read it, because it wbb written by an Archbishop. Ho was satisfied, and wont away rejoicing. Ignorance and the Archbishop did it. XI bwiaburno wero only a Jligu uuareu divine hie effusions would be looked upon as the outpourings of fervid Christianity. If tho " MyBtericB of Paris" -had been written by some dissenting nntocrat, it wonld havo boen dabbed a wonderful description of the debased morals of fallen man. If vico has a chaperon of high oasto, 'twill in tho present day be very difficult to distinguish it from virtue. Talking of vico reminds me of tho probable puniehment that is in stare for us. On Mon day wa are to have a premonitory tidal wave : not a wavo to do much damage, but meroly to lot ns know what wo moy.oxpeot noxt. If Saturn got top heavy beforo the 24', h December, 1870, we must look out for squalls. Oao oon- solatioa remains, we have a man up to all S (turn's dodges, who's got hia eye on the eceentrio planot, aud will let us know all about his movements, so that we can put our affairs jin order, get a few crowbars to have ready in case anything happens to tho banks on that 24th oi December, and thoy find it diffi cult to get tho satcB open. Forewarned is fore armed. If Mr Groves will only let na know what Saturn is going to do, I have no "doubt that Professor M'Coy, Mr -Nayler, and the Bishop of Melbourne will find some way of stopping his littlo game. Protectionists neod not grumble, for they have got it all their own way. I seo by the Police Gazette that tho poor prisoners who ro- quire medical comforts in tne shapo of malt liquor or spirits; are not to be dosed any longer with Ilia impoitod artiole, but are to bo solaood with Vanghan and Wild's entire, Castlemaino stinger, Ballarat wholehog, and fine strong Warranheip gin. Says Kadi Opera- publicola to an (eithetioal brassier, who published accounts of bull fights in Spain in tbo C filingwood Times, " Protect my interests and I'll protoot yourB." Verb sap. Tho thing's done. Constitution to the fore, colonial beer in the rear. The cat with which tho garotter was flogged tho other day was a spooimon of native industry — protection again. But pro tection is carried a little too far. Wo muet draw a line somewhere. It is too bad that peoplo should be asked to return a gentleman to Parliament and power heeause ho is le vrai Stilton — nono of your counterfeits — colonial bred aud born. This is protection with a ven geance,' and if taken as a precedent wo shall see all offices worth having filled by corn-stalks and gam-suckers, to tho exclusion of those that have had the misfortune to bo born out of this favoured land oi kangaroos. Peoplo wero wont to laugh at a gentleman who pokes his nose into all public affairs, when ho took to writing about onrrying the Plenty and tho Yarra round odoriferous Collingwood. His scheme was nothing. By the English papers wo aro informed that Baren Lesseps is going to carry tho " Red Sea into tho middle of Africa." Stupendous idear worthy of u Lesseps. Scores of Viotorian LessopB will now spring np. Schemes will be propounded for utilising the Darling for slnicing purposes at Beechworth, or carrying tho Yarra into tho Dlircliad tin Rnrrnn onnfrv. <R?trnima will lin made fertile nu doubt by tho Saltwater ltiver, after it has been condensed by some patent method, and froedjfrom the ealino jnatter. Per haps Oppenboimor and Co, not the Gorman, but the French, hoUBe, could make ar rangements with Lesseps to take a trip bore, and let us know if anything a la his Red Sea dodge can bo dono here. And so wo aro to have an opera company at last, Nono of your hybrid- American Irisk-oolonidl companies, but real u unig- takable artists. Messrs Wemyss Jobson and G. F. Train have, after considerable trouble, got together a company for Australia, and being well aware that Australia thinks there is much in a name, they have engaged the ser vices of nono who are very well known to famo through a long, long career of triumphs. They have been fortunate enough to mako terms with Ronconi, Tamburini, and Mario, who are about to astonish the antipodes, together with Al- boni, Grisi, and Madamo Heckler-Schmidt, who first brought Spohr's "VeBtalin" into note. Tho ballet has not been forgotten, and several votaries of Terpsichore, who wero wjut to delight the First Gentleman in Europe, will -soon be amongst ns. Grimaldi's Ghost has been provided for pantomimic effects. Wo do not bolievo in tho homce ipathic system here, and as wo are so young and verdant ourselves, we require that our performers Bhall bear the hall mark of antiquity upon them. Messrs Job- sin and Train have token care that there shall be no complaint on that score. How refreshing to think that I did not go to Brighton on Sunday, the 12th ult. Tho train might have been capsized. I might have had to flauer on tho banks of tho Styx, and all on aooount of tho precocity of Australia's youth. I wonder whether trying for a lark to throw a train off the line is henceforth to be an idio syncratic amusement ef juvenile Viotoria ? We read of a medical man who has invented a knife that cuts without inflicting pain. That is nothing. We havo two practi tioners here that profess to have patents for new constitutions. They can prevent a general break up of the system ; they can re store the debilitated frame. Tho only question is the price. Nono of your guinea feoB. M. R. C. S. will do it for £100. Pilgariick is a little more moderate, and only asks half that sum. No more sickness, and long lives for the 1 noh Is there no one will got up a company for providing constitutions for thoso to. whom ' the good things of this world aro strangers? Here's a chanoo for lecturers 1 Hero's a chance for one ef the patentees to advertise himself by appearing as medieal man to the Patent Con stitution Association ! ' | LE FLANEUR. 