MESSINA AND CATANIA. (The Month.)- Any one who has not been himself s bm raveller, and who in the yearly exhibitions of ictures, whether of oil or water-colour, hai stood entranced before the glowing colouring of a Stanfield or a Richardson, may well con. ceive the Mediterranean to be an exquisitely beautiful and peaceful hike—blue as azure by day, golden with phosphoric light at sunset, and perhaps still more lovely when the cold gray glimmer of moonlight tips the crcat of each tiny wave, and throws dark sharp shadows athwartcach tawny-coloured sail. F M different generally, however, are the recollw tions of those who have habitually, especially during the winter seasons, ploughed their way across this stormy sea. It justifies more than any other the epithet bestowed on it by the old French writer of " element traitre;" and from the smallness of the usual passenger, boats, and theirinsufficientaccomniodation, the sufferings of the unhappy passengers obtain but slender alleviation. So our travelleri found, when fate led them in an evil hour to cliodse this means of locomotion from Palermo to Messiba. It Was, therefore, frith tetj great joy that, on rounding the Point, they came 'at last in sight of the bright and glittering town, with its fine port and busy harbour, its ruined forts and beautiful back, ground of mountains, above which (though at fifty miles' distance) Etna towers with its snow-capped peak. The Faro Point stretches so far eastward as apparently to meet the opposite coast, while the long range of Appcnines, with their bear and arid sides, give a picturesque cliaracter to the otherwise uninteresting Calabriau shores. Lenving the servants to prepare their breakfast in the somewhat noisy hotel, our party went directly on landing to the cathedral. It is one of the few buildings which have escaped the terrible earthquakes which have desolated and overthrown the greater part of this ancient town. In truth, the position of the city, between Etna on the one hand and Stromboli and Vesuvius on the | other, renders it peculiarly liable to these convulsions. The Messinians say that the cathedral was saved by the direct interposition of the Blessed Virgin, whose miraculous picture by St. Luke hangs over the gorgeous high altar, which is a masterpiece ot inlaid work, and one of the finest known specimens of Florentine mosaic. At I the back of the altar-screen is the famous letter supposed to have been written by the Virgin herself to the Messincse after they : had been converted by the preaching of St. Paul, assuring them of tier favour and protection. The cathedral was built by the good Count Roger, and though much injured j by subsequent restorations, still retains some interesting portions of the original work. Such arc the vault of the tribune and of the chapel of the Blessed Sacrament, rich with mosaics, as at Monreale; the fine old granite pillars in the nave; the ancient font in white marble, surrounded by a broad band of mosaics; the lectern, resting on four lions; and a handsome jasper paschal candlestick. The facade is m some respects like that of 1 the cathedral of Siena, having broad bands of red and white marble, with mosaics between; j and the Norman doors are singularly rich in i carving and decoration. There is a beautiful benitier, leading to the door of the sacristy, of early Norman date, resting on an inverted marble column, with pagan Greek inscriptions, The sagrario is rich in cinquecento church plate and relies. There are some very fine monuments, especially one to an old Greek Bishop, and another of a Spanish Archbishop of Cordova. Beneath the cathedral is tho Norman crypt, with its low marble columns, Byzantine pictures, and groined roof. One ot the ladies went behind the high altar to sec if she could find the niche ot the monk mentioned in the famous Messinian ghost story; but the carved woodwork of the choir has effectually covered up the supposed site of the apparition. To those of our readers who may not have known this legend it is here reproduced. In the year 1784 there was a terrible earthquake at Messina. Houses were thrown down, many lives were lost, the very graves were opened. The only thing that escaped was the cathedral, and the people attributed its safety to a miracle. A few years after this event, the Chevalier , a man of noble French family, one of whose brothers was a distinguished general officer and the other a minister of Berlin, visited Messina for the purpose of seeing the scene of devastation, and of making researches among the monuments and ruins. He was of the Order of the Knights of Malta, and a priest; a man of high character, of cultivated intellect, and of great physical courage. He arrived' at Messina on a summer day, .and getting the key of the cathedral from the custode—for it was after Vespers—commenced copying the inscriptions and examining the building His researches occupied him so long that he did not see that the day was Waning; and when he turned round to go out by the door through' which he had come in, he fouiid it' locked. He tried the other doors, but: all were equally closed. The custode, having let him in some hours before, and concluding he had long since gone away, had locked up the building and gone home. The Chevalier qua strove<1 all the houses in the neighbourhood. & tliere was no one to hear his cries. He d therefore no other alternative but to bmit to his fate, and to make up his mind spend the night in the cathcdral. He •ked round for some place to establish liimf Every thing was of marble except the jfessionalx, and in one of these he ensconced mselfin a tolerably comfortable chair, and icd to go to sleep. • Sleep, however, was tso easy. The strangeness of the situation, , increasing darkness, and the superstition icli tiic strongest mind might be supposed feel under the circumstances, effectually nished any feeling of drowsiness. There as a large clock in the tower of the tlicdral, of which the tones souuded more , arly and solemnly within the building than ;tlioufc. The Chevalier, with the intensity bearing which sleeplessness gives, listened every stroke of the clock, i irst ten, then c quarters ; then eleven, then the quarters -ain; then twelve o'clock. As the last stroke of iiiiglit died away, he perceived suddenly a ght appearing at the high altar. The altar •Tidies seemed suddenly to be lighted, and a gure in a monk's dress and cowl walked out an a niehc at the back of the altar. \inuBg when he reached the front of the tar, tlio figure exclaimed in a deep and clcmn voice, " Is there any priest here who J say a Mass for the repose of my soul ?" answer followed; and the monk slowly alked down the church, passing by the nfcssional where the Chevalier was sitting. kc passed, his eyes being naturally ivcted oil the figure, the Chevalier saw that lie face under the cowl was that of a dead Entire darkness followed ; but when lie clock struck the half-hour, the same vents occured ; the same light appeared, and lie same figure; the same question was sked, and no answer returned; and the amc monk, illuminated by the same ncartkly light, walked slowly down the Lurch. Now the Chevalier was a bold man; and e resolved, if the same thing occurred again, liat lie would answer the question and say lie Mass. As the clock struck one, the Itar was again lighted, the monk again d, and when he once more exclaimed, '1*6 there any Christian j>riest here who ould say a Mass for the repose of my soul P" lie Chevalier boldly stepped out of the concssional, and replied in a firm voice, '/willI" He then walked up to the altar, here he found every thing prepared for the elcbration, and summoning up all his ourage, celebrated the sacred rite. At its (inclusion, the monk spoke as follows: " For nc hundred and forty years every night I lave asked this question, and, until to-night, n vain. You have conferred upon me an instimablc benefit. There is nothing I would lot, if I could, do for you in return; but here is only one thing in my power, and that s to give you notice when the hour of your loath approaches." The Chevalier heard no more. He fell own in a swoon, and was found the next joining by the custode, very early, at the oot of the altar. After a time he recovered went away! He returned to Venice, here he was -then living, and wrote down circumstances above related, which he ) told to several of his intimate friends. r e steadily asserted and maintained that he as never wider awake, or more completely [possession of his reasoning faculties, than was that night, until the moment when he B i monk had done speaking. Three years afterwards he called his riends together and took leave of them. liey asked him if he was going on a journey. e said, "Yes; and one from which tliere as no return." He then told them that the ight before, the monk of Messina had ppeared to him, and told him that he was to ie in three days. His friends laughed at nni, and told liim, which was true, that he eemed perfectly well. But he persisted in ns statements, made every preparation, and e third day was found dead in his bed. his story was well known to all his friends nd contemporaries. Curiously enough, on e cathedral of Messina being restored a few ears after, the skeleton of a monk was found, alled up, in his monk's dress and cowl, nd mthe very place which the Chevalier ad always described as the one from which ic spectre had emerged. SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINTT A LATE INSPECTOR « SCHOOLS.—On Saturday last Mr. Matthew kvensou O'Brien, who was lately inspector of schools in the Bendigo district was arrested nere in Melbourne on an information sworn by j>lr. Hourigan of the Metropolitan Hotel, Sandhurst, who charged him with uttering a valueless cheque for £5. It appeared that on 21st of iJeccmber Mr. O'Brien drew a cheque on the Hank of Victoria for £5 which Mr. Hourigan cashed. It i6 said that upon the cheque being » t e d it was endorsed no funds," and that ! r - O'Brien never had ail account at the Bank ™ Victoria, Sandhurst. The case came before n ' e Melbourne Police Court yesterday, when the accused was remanded to Sandhurst, where he appeared before the local PoHce'Court on TUGS- The case was remanded until Thursday, jar. Martley,'who defended the accused, stated that he could prove that Mr O'Brien had had an account at the Bank of Victoria, upon which oank he had drawn the cheque. LUNATIC PATIENTS' Pic-mc.-For the last four years the Bev W Iff. Finn, the Catholic admi nistrator at Heidelberg has annually given a picnic to the male lunatic patients at the Yarra «end. On Tuesday last he gave the fifth of these-entertainments at the racecourse of that pretty village. There were 130 patients present in charge of 23 keepers, and under the superintendence of Mr. Baldwin, the chief warder. They arrived in vans, preceded by a band playing \v ™ m " H ' c Th - c J' w ere received by the Rev. V , *" lnn > with whom were several residents ot the district. After taking part in the usual outdoor amusements until one o'clock, the whole of the lunatic patients were plenlifully regaled with a cold collation, accompanied by plenty of good ale. The racecourse was gaily decorated with flags, anil the day was everything that could he wished. After dinner a band of amateur cricketcrs of some local celebrity played a game of cricket, iu which some of the patients jomcd with much apparent zest. The hand then struck up several lively dance tunes, and keepers and patients sonn found partners iu the dance. .So much consideration for these poor creatures is a most creditable evidence of Father Finn's kindness and warmth of heart. OBSTRUCTING THE HEALTH OfncEa.—A man named Touhey was summoned in the District Court yesterday morning for refusing to admit the health officer, Dr. Girdlestone, to inspect his premises, situated in the immediate neighbourhood of the Immigrants' Hospital, where the outbreak of small-pox or chicken-pox occurred. The man shut his door, and would not let the officer in, alleging that he had no right to cuter a private house, which was no longer used for boarders. Mr. Call ruled that the officer bad a right to enter, and fined Touhey 20s„ with 26s. costs. TUB POTATO CROP in Gipps Land this season is unprecedeiitly meagre. The esculents, owing to the drought, have in few instances attained even a moderate size, whilst in many cases they arc so diminutive, as to render them totally unfit for human consumption. — Gipps Lund Times. As ACCIDENT which narrowly missed being of a serious, if not fatal character, occurred to a little girl, daughter of Mr. J. B. Enders, of the Union Saw-mills, near Trentbam, on Friday morning. The Observer states that Mr. Enders had been out at the paddock for some bullocks, and was returning on horseback when he met his little girl about a.quartcr of a mile from the mill. He dismounted and placed the child in the saddle. The mare, a very quiet animal usually, exhibited signs of uneasiness, and as she commenced to increase her pace, Mr. Enders called out to his daughter to dismount. She attempted to do so, but before she could release her foot from the stirrup leather, the mare bolted. The child stuck to her seat bravely, and succeeded in pulling the mare up before she had gone a hundred yards. But the animal then commenced to plunge and kick, and the child, was thrown—her foot sticking in the stirrup-leather. The mare again bolted and dragged the girl for about a hundred yards up hill. Her father, as may be imagined, did bis best to arrest the progress of the mare, but when he succeeded in doing this he found tiie child insensible, and her clothes literally torn off her back. Strange to say, however, she was found to be very slightly injured. No bones were broken ; there was no laceration of the skin, and the bruises were of a comparatively trivial nature. Such an escape appears little short of miraculous. TnE MURDERER OP MR. CHE ALE has been beard f, but the polite bad not effected his capture when we went to press. The Mallee scrub, in the vicinity of the spot where the murder wa6 onsummated, appears to be Audrew Vere's hiding: place. The St. Arnavd Mercury states hat Ye re hailed the 3 o'clock coach on Friday orning, about a mile from- the police camp, nd gave the driver four letters—one for the inister of Justice, one for Mr. Penberthy, one or Mr. Tyler, and one for the Mercury office. he letters are in the hands of the police. nother account speaks of the coach as being stuck up," and the letters as directed, one to he Lord Justice and three to private citizens of t. Arnaud—all of them couched in rambling erms. Tbc moment that this was known the olice turned out, and every effort was made to ind him, but all to no purpose. He threatens o serve some of Mr. Cheale's friends in the ame manner as he did him. Volunteers have een asked to turn out for his capture. When e was seen he was armed to the teeth. THE DUCK PONDS DISTRICT is said to have been ompletely cleared of caitle. The You Yungs nd the land at their base, where lately hunreds were to be seen, are now quite innocent of nything in the shape of cattle or sheep. It s not many of the farmers, in fact, who can eep more than one or two milch cows on their arms, owing to the scarcity of feed and water. HKR MAJESTY'S LIBERALITY.—The Sydney mpire informs us that Her Majesty the Queen f Great Britain aud Ireland, has forwarded hrough the clergyman of the parish, £10 to the other of Mr. Vial, who captured O'Farrell, aud robably prevented him completing his murderus intent. THE FREAKS or A LUNATIC.—The lunatic, homas Birmingham, who some time ago was abouring under the hallucination that he had een commissioned to preserve the Sale lloman atholic Chapel from desecration, and who was ischarged by the Sale bench, has again been istinguishing himself. He desired to emulate he exploits of Captain Thunderbolt, and visited he Nambrok Station, where he attempted to et possession of a gun. Beiug frustrated in his ttempt, he retreated to Bosedale, and meeting a oy on horseback he summarily dismounted him, ook possession of the horse, aud rode away. An xaggerated report of the circumstance got broad, and it was soon reported that a party of ushrangers had prepared to stick up the escort hich left Sale iu Cobb's concb, taking 4090 ozs. f gold to Melbourne. Constable O'Connor eanwhile arrested Birmingham at the fiidge addocks, and conveyed bim to gaol. He was hen brought before the bench on a charge of highway robbery; the adjudicating magistrates cancelled the graver charge preferred against the accused, and substituting one of common assault, which being proven the prisoner was sentenced to one months' imprisonment, " rather out of charity that he might receive the benefit of professional aid than as a punishment for the assault."—Gipps Land Times. DETECTIVES " STOCK UP."—On Sunday night last, says the Bendigo Independent Detectives O'Leary and Berrill, at present stationed at Spring Creek, were fairly bailed-up by three of the "respectable" characters with which the rush now abounds. It appears that the officers were on the watch for some suspected parties, when these men attacked them. A regular fight ensued and one man actually succeeded in getting Detective Berrill's purse from him. Ultimately two of them were secured, but the third managed to make his escape. We should imagine that one of the men caught was the individual who had taken the purse. A SOLICITOR AND HIS TOUTER:—A ca6e was heard at the District Court on Monday, which occasioned some amusement among the auditory. It was that of Whitlow v. Simmons, in which a solicitor, without an office, summoned a hangeron of the courts, without a profession for having assaulted him. According to complainant's statement, as reported in the Argus, be was never safe from the abuse and insults of defendant, who, wherever they met, seldom failed to "blackguard him beyond everything." Oa Friday his conduct became unbearable, for he pursued the unfortunate Whitlow into tbc very precincts of tbc court itself, and, regardless of the sanctity of the place or the majesty of the law, then and there took from him a'summons, an I. 0. U., and •some evidence he was taking down in a case to which both documents Referred. Complainant followed, in hope of recovering possession, and overtook defendant in the passage of the Rainbow Hotel, where a sort of scuffle took place. In such a contcst the solicitor was absolutely "nowhere" with his opponent, and came off with the worst of it, but immediately afterwards he obtained the summons to which defendant now answered. He admitted, in reply to Simmons, that he had no office, and had to take down evidence in the room adjoining the court: also, that during the afternoon they had drinks together, and he offered to settle it if defendant would make an apology, but this.the latter felt was incompatible with his dignity. Defendant now said he did not mean to deny that he had committed such an assault as would " satisfy the exigencies of the law," and, consequently, he was "bound to be fined for it." But what he did mean to do was to state " some extenuation circumstances," that would make things look a little different. These " extenuation circumstances," so far as they could be understood, were a series of implications against Whitlow, which were concluded with the somewhat intricate observation, that " If gentlemen, or persons so calling themselves gentlemen by act of Parliament, encouraged touts about the court to get work for them and never paid them but in abuse, then the said gentlemen must expect themselves to get paid by others who would let them see they were as good and as well educated as those who abused them." The result was, that Mr. Simmons's presentiment that be bad " satisfied the exigencies of the law, and was bound to be fined for it," was realised, Mr. Call ordering him to pay a fine of 20s. with 10s. costs. THB SPIRIT OF THE " CORNER" :—" A subscription lor a novel purpose." says the Ballarat Star, " was raised at the Corner on Saturday. The object was to present a purse of ten sovereigns to a stableman, and the testimonial was to be given to mark the appreciation the donors held of his conduct in giving his master a sevefre beating. Gossips say that the master, who is one of our wealthy mining magnates, had some words with his groom, aud, feeling insulted, used a stick he held in his hand by striking the man. This was not quietly submitted to, and the youth ' went in,' took the stick away, broke it, and then used his fists with such dexterity that he quickly had his master beaten. Several bruises and a pair of black eyes were given in exchange for the rash and uutucky blow with the slide, and the master had a bad night, although his sufferings were alleviated by the family surgeon, who was called in. The groom has been paid off aud there the matter ends, for he docs not wish to proceed against his master for assault, and the assailant does not see his way clear to mend matters bv going to law." A ltoBBKRir STRANGIILY EFFECTED—A correspondent of the Mansfield Chronicle writing from Dry Creek, says:—" A robbery was committed here a few days since under rather novel, and certainly alarming, conditions. Mr. Cox, proprietor of the .Mountain Inn beerhouse, went to bed about ten o'clock last Thursday night, bis wife and infant having preceded him, and the house being properly secured. During the night Mrs. Cox was awakened by a feeling of suffocation, and, on rising in the bed, found that the room was filled with smoke, and that a light was burning on the dressing-table under the witidow. She tried to waken her busliaud, but could not speak, and immediately sank down on the bed again. Mrs. Cox wakened agaiu between five aud six o'clock a.m., and then found that the house had been completely ransacked, although the thieves bad only taken about £5 in cash and stores. Fortunately, the money they were seeking was not found by the rascals. The infant suffered considerably from the poisonous vapour, aud it was only by the use of stimulants that it eventually recovered." A WHIRLWIND'S PRANKS. — A Beechworth paper states, " A whirlwind of unusual force played some serious pranks with the stock aud plate glass of Mr. James Sloan, draper, in Murphy "street, Wangaratta, on Wednesday afternoon. ' The whirlwind first began in Keid street, and then worked round iuto Murphy street. It enveloped the shop in dust breaking a large paue of plato glass, valued at some £l2. Tiouters hung up for sale at the door were torn from their fastenings,.and swept away on the 'wings of the wind,' wholesale. One pair of trousers were afterwards seen hang- ing on the telegraph wires opposite the shop, whilst other pairs were observed in the .air at a height of thirty-feet from the ground. . Two pairs were landed on the roof of the Council Club Hotel, on the opposite side of the street. Everybody who witnessed the affair was astonished, more particularly Mr. Sloan, who saw hia stock disappear from his gaze without the assistance of customers." SERIOUS ASSAULT.—On Monday a man known on the diggings at Steele's creek, Yarra Flat, as Peeping Tom, was brought into tlie hospital suffering from a fractured Bkull. He followed from a shanty a mate named Sehoefield, whom, he pulled off his horse upon failing to induce him to return to a drinking bout. Sehoefield again mounted, and told Peeping Tom that if he touched him again he would knock him down with his gun. His mate again attempted to pull liim off, and was knocked down with the butt end of the gun, the injury sustained being thus inflicted. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Sehoefield, who is a married man. MASTERS ADD APPRENTICES.—A. case of some interest to masters and apprentices was heard in the District Court on Tuesday. Cecil Wisewould summoned Mr. Bobarbt for having assaulted him. The lad, who was apprentice to tbe defendant, a mechanical engineer, reported to his father that he was required to do menial work, and his father told him to refuse to do any such work. He also complained that be was kept at tbe shop after tbe usual hour for leaving work. About five minutes before six Mr. Bobardt directed him to take up a piece of iron, pointed out, and file it square. He took up tbe iron and began the work, but when the clock struck lie laid down his tools aud prepared to leave with the others. Defendant said he should hot go until he had finished the work, and took bint by tbe throat to detain him—this was tbe assault. Mr. Bobardt's defence was that the boy was most unruly and impudent, laughing in his face when he gavp him orders, and absolutely refusing to obey them. It was as a punishment for some such conduct that he bad been ordered to stay behind on the evening of the assault. Mr. Call ruled that in such a case as this evidence could not be given as to the apprentice's usual bad conduct, and decided that Mr. Bobardt had committed two illegal acts—first, he had wrongfully insisted on the lad's remaining at work beyond the usual hour; and he had endeavoured to enforce the wrong by illegally assaulting him. Defendant would be fined Is., with two guineas costs. 