INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. (fBOlt OTJB OWS OOBBESPOinJIST.) . SYDNEY, July 14. ; Dr. Steel has had the mad with which he was bespattered by Judge Hargrove washed off at a public meeting of his fellow citizens. Mr. Jley, fphaeilySpeaker of t^e Assembly, ttocdc.tho.ehahv#)^iqugh^up to that, time he iwes. personally; unacquainted with Dr. StoeL jHis speechwas cautious and tempeVate, as Wap tobpekpected froth a' than of' hii/reputa fcion and experience.,§tiU he Bpbke very piaiply. iThe plher'.ffl»eJMia were potqjiite jso tota perato.bu t, considering thepro vocation jandthe ordinary licenoeof a public meeting, frjby .Were tolerably, irioderote. One of , f#:. 'wwra. wbo .haa j^e.reputatipn of being n rather quarrelsome radical, or, at any rate.fond Ofp scrimmage. He announced his intention'iff .WirifrihiJ the thaler befpre fbtj Arewhlyhpxt smlbn, Wfrb a view,." aecesv m !»▼. The bvUhafbeen looking rupthe cases ofoon-/ itempt that have previously occurred in this bblbhy,3 Una hiubrili found! two, thp' last: pbbVinWhwi%«^6re ilitlii thSityVeare «&>,!; !You wight auppbae from thjU that the press of - (this cOloay<iapartitmlady,eautiotts; but :the > real fabt.is,'thai'hhirdly dhybody has over; itKbufiht ahbntik a' 'Hdb' tbb tCourtdore; jtenwmiidireeted to ^te:and^b(s, strikes, jme afagtdavxpieoac -of the hhtnbugof (the ^whole fpreoeeding,; U.ahf. onewere'tq1 wjirch W'h***• "•• *W>) •search .the back.'fUre'bf * the hty m wm he could fin^'tdj(fcje| iSf cnfrfy which, under j the Gonrt's ruling, Wodld do adjudged " con*j tempt." Yet they havefill pwsed unnoticed,; which they QUght not to" hive b&h; if they produced the frightful perversion of justice which Mr. Hargrove makes out There is no getting out of this ' dilemma—either the Court has been singularly negligent in pre serving tire court of justice pure, or else Mr. Hargrave has most absurdly exaggerated, the zmture and extent of the'mischief. ' Meanwhile, the work Of rettehcbmeiit goes > on. Mr. Robertson, who is at any rate a hold man,., has tackled thepoticeexpen diture. It is,;yenr unparliamentary to impute inotives.Jana, of,course,.I wiU.-not think of doing,so,; hut I cannot ..avoid the suspicion that hb has been doubly stimulated to this move by the desire to outshine his great rival, Mr, -Parkes. ' That gentleman; nntil he got ,the- handling of the public money, was a great stickler For economy, and lost no opportunity' to declaim against the "cost of government," The police vote was especially his b&tt; noire. A. few days before he was called to office, he was imprudent enough to declare that £160,000 might be knocked off that vote. It is almost needless to say that during the time he was Colonial Secretaiy, and in supreme command of the police department, he made no such reduction, add offered the usual apologies for increases'. His enemies took very good care# not to let him forget what he had said in oppo sition; and before he left offibe he made a sort of recantation. At any rate, he did not signalise his adminis tration by any economical reform in this department. By way of contrast, Mr. Robertson has undertaken to show what he can do; and he has done something more than lop off supernumeraries—he has intro duced a new ilea. He proposes to have a police reserve. Of course, only men of good character will be introduced into this branch of the force, and a preference will he given to men wishing to enter the regular force, Or to those who have retired from it. The police authorities have opposed the scheme reso lutely ; they would rather be left shorthhnded than have the'symthetry of their department spoilt by outriders. But Mr. Robertson is a man of strong will, and when he has an idea in his head he will not believe it cannot be realised. The scheme will have to be submitted for Parliamentary sanction, and if approved, will then he subjected to the test of experience. If it answers, and public opinion favours it, it may prove to be $he thin end of the wedge, ana the introduction of something like a militia. The King of Prussia once said that the Prussian army was the Prusrian people in arms, every man being trained for service, and liable to be called out when wanted. How would it do to naturalise this idea in the region of domestic and social government? How,would it answer if the Australian constabulary were simply the Aus tralian people with' a hdton—if every able bodied and respectable citizen were a per manent special constable? That is the sort of idea which is suggested by the experiment which Mr. Robertson proposes.^ > , In Sydhtey we have no Exhibition-building, but we want one very much. ' At the late Agricultural Show, a new public school building had to do duty for one, and very inefficient it was. The Agri cultural Society is therefore Btriving to stir up the corporation to erect a suitable and permanent structure in the Prince Alfred Park. A well-designed plan has been pre pared, with an estimated cost of £10,000. The society offers to rent it for two months in the year, mid this would almost pay the interest on the capital invested, while the, building wonld also be available for concerts, festivities, and exhibitions of various kinds. I hope the idea may be carried out, but our corporation is hot composed of. the wisest of men. They are very slow to move when the right course is open before theih, and only disposed to be precipitate when they ought ^to pause. They have just commenced, in spite of many remonstranCes, to build, a town-hall which is not wanted, and which will cost three times the money they have in hand to pay for it. The news from Trunkey Creek continues to be favourable, although at present this, gold-field has not nad a thorough test. Very few of the claims taken up have as yet been anything more than scratched. No machinery is on the ground, and no shafts have heen; sunk to any great depth. But a Sydney company is arranging to have an engine put up with ail despatch, and in little more than a month crushing will commence. By that time we shall have something more definite to say as to the real value of this gold field. The benighted countries of the old world are not to be suffered to enjoy a monopoly of ghosts. The Bvirrangong Argus assures us they have established one of their own in that neighbourhood. It says:—"In these enlightened times it seems almost an ab surdity to talk. about ghosts making their appearance, bnt the following statement of what has befallen three' respectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as; being no hoax. The three men referred to are split ting posts and rails for fencing, at a place about; four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old Duffer Bush- The first time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much1 startled by seeing in the bush, near their hut, a white object , about .the size of a cat; hut of no particular form. This extraordinary-looking object sud denly before their eyes: sprang up into a white spectre about right feet hi£h. They called out cojrid get no reply, struck it with a stick, aua it bounded, hollow. .XtfOsb chasedtwopfthQca ope way, ■and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at % still night, ytent.to sleep, riept tor sonte tone, ihe roof of thehut had wen removed. Oa looking out they, eaw the epectre, but no one Qg b^gre .their % .-.a hei theft), Amv»"« —-y —, at BeelSii n anlwal somewbattoteffiblingadog. with ionjT attached ho it. This ammalfcamp RfKXS.hut, and totetocfttod ig at them, hut made no noise, either emir or otherwise, save thq occarional chjn. AsW w»y, vne of the men (who was* good :e when licking a plate.: Upon looking outside, they saw i that a plate which bad been left there was irt motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly bear the same noise described.- above.. 'They watched ,it for some' time,: the plate being kept in: mo tion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the-plate was being licked by Borne aniraaL On Sunday last these men came into Young, and. upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been . pulled down, and its contents brought outside and left, there;' Two out of the three men aire well known -ho us, arid we feel confident that what we have stated may be. relied upon as the .truth.. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men toho were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the. other with- an ■ axe, and afterwards fell a-tree 'rin him,; and that it wa9 nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to ihakeits appearance." ' 