LEGAL INTELIJQENCE. SUPREME COURT. Nisi Pnins. — Old Court. — Tuesday, 8th Jane. — (Before the Chief Justice and a Spooial Jury of Poor.) DUIUNT V. MONiaOMEnV. This was an notion to recover £250 as damages sustained by the plaintiff, Septimus Darant, by the defendant, Walter Mont gomery, failing to carry ont an engagement to play for six nights, commencing on tho 11th January, 18G9, at the plaintiff's theatre at Castlemaiiie. In answer to the declaration tho defendant pnt in eight plens, the principal of whioh was that after the alleged contract, and before any breach thereof, it was agreed by and between tho plaintiff and defendant that the said contract or agreement ahonldba roicinded, and thoy then rescinded the same accordingly. This the plaintiff denied, and joined issue. Mr Iroland, Q.C. and Mr Follows were retained for the plaintiff; Mr Aspinall and Mr Williams for the defendant. Septimus Darant deposed that he was the leaBee of the Theatre Riyal et Castlemaine on the -1th January last. Ha saw the defendant, who affreed to play six nights nt his theatre, commencing on the KLth January, provided tho plaintiff brought down Holloway's company from Sandhurst. They were to play ' Ham let,' 'Lady of Lyons,' 'Othello,' 'Still Waters 'Run Daop,' ' Don Canar do Bazan,' and ' Richard III,' and he was to receive half the gross proceeds. Plaintiff agreed, and at defendant's suggestion he telegraphed to Mr Holloway at Sandhurst, who came down to Castlemaine and made an agreement to bring down his company. They then waited on the defendant, who expressed himself satisfied with the arrangement, a) he had drawn £500 in a week with a very iudifforent company. He then eaid that he had been thinking over the matter, and instead of taking half the cross proceeds, he would be willing to take £180 for the «ix per formance?, to be paid £30 nightly. Plaintiff agreed to this alteration, and defendant called his agent, Mr Darrel, to witness it. He also said that if witness was at any loaa ho wonld roturn-him £30, and proposed, if necessary, to Bnpply a lady. At plaintiff's request deft nlant wrote ont the MSS. for advertisements and the poeteri. Had lost them, bat produced a copy of the JDaily News, in which the advertise ments were printed. (These were read.) Went to the theatre with Holloway to soo what wag wanted, and made the requisite alterations and enlarged the stalls. On the 6th he received the following letter : — 'Daylesford, Cth January, 1809. — Dear Sir, — I hope to Bee you to-morrow, or perhaps earlier. Go ahead with the advertisements and post well. Look after the billstiokers. I send you a few usolul remarks which I have had printed for convenience ; read, mark, learu, and in wardly digest them. You will have great busi ness ; people will come from hero and all about. I will advertise in the Dayltfa'ord paper, and I would recommend you to bill Maldon. and all about well. I recommend 5j, 2i, and Is. I shall try and get Mrs Hall, bat cast your pieces without h-H\ Always youra, Wai/teh M.' Saw defendant again on the 8;b, anil showed him the posters. He asked witness if he had written to Coppin about the feos. Witness said no, bat Mr Holioway had gone to town and he would see to it. Defendant said 'Never mind,' ha would write a telegram telling his solicitor to wait oa Mr Coppin and pay the feer. On the 9.h he eari' him. Defendant said a very disagraeablo circumstance had arise?. On going into his private sitting-room ho found a lady and gentleman there whom he did not know. He told them that it was hia private room and then wen\ down stairs ; b.9 was followed by Iha gentleman, who de manded an p.po'.cgy from him, and when he refused to apologue he was threatened with an assau'.t. Ha asked witness how he could nlav his parts if he was liable to ba annoyed on 'the stage by that i~-How. Witness told him ho was sorrv that the owurreneo had taken \- 3 *»iat lia ? M 'P8 t0 *'s °elaS recti place, en-.; — ..-. ? *' ? ' '',*' tied. Defendant »aid he could not piay- wn.^ the fellow, and the part cotild ba left oat alto gether, or even if a dummy was found to go tbronah the motions he wonld supply the words'. Witness then left, nml on coiug down tho street saw the editor of the Daily A'eirs at the office door. From what he learnt he wont back to the defendant and informed him that the editor had told him that Spiller had benn there and told him that defendant had insulted his wife by going into her bed room, bnt that witness hid nude it all right, nnd bo reference to it woald appear iu the paper. Defendant thanked him, and said if he had not done bo it would have gouo tho rounds of the Press all ovor the coot-try. Ho then read a letter to t\i!nes?, iu which his Melbourne attorney informed him that ho had called upon Mr Coppin to pay the fees, but he refused them, becanao Mr Holloway had al ready paid them. He then sat duwu aud gave him a fresh MS. for advertisements and posters annonncuig vritnosa as manager iu atoad of Holloway. Saw him again on the 10th, and told him Spiller would not cemo to Castlemaine. Defendant then told him uot to make himself uneasy if ho received a letter from his attorney in the morning, as it woald be done to bring a pressuro ou Spiller in order to forco au npology from him. On the 11th, about a quarter to two p.m., witness re ceived tho following : — ' ' To Mr S. Darant,— Dear Sir,— Mr Walter Montgomery has instructed mo to write to you that ho cannot possibly enact the part of Hamlet to-night, or tho other parts an nounced at yonr theatre, nnlejs yoa first obtain a written apology from Mr Soyniour Spiller for an unwarrantable outraga committed by that person upon Mr Walter Montgomery, on Saturday afternoon, the 9ih inst., ot the Cum berland Hotel, Castlemaine. This apology mast be in writing, and published in the local newspapers, where already, as my client is credibly informed, Mr Spiller has endeavored to obtain the introduction of a most cruel slander ami injurious chnrgo agaiust Mr Walter Montgomery. Mr Montgomery insists that the conditions upon which he accepted the engage mont with yon, to play six nights, bo fully carried ont, viz., that he should ho pro perly supported, whioh it is utterly im possible t-- expect under existing cir camstances. Aa Mr Spiller, one of the com monwealth of tho company engaged by you, is announced to enact in the plays advertised, and must necessarily appear, Mr Montgomery de sires me to any that it is with the greatest regret that he i» compelled to adopt this course, but his duty to tho public and himself demauiJei tbat he should be jo. a jo.sitioa to act tho characters announced in a manner worthy of hia reputation, which it would ba utterly, impossible for him to do with such a state of things existing. I must request yon to lose no timo iu seoing tho offondiug party, aa iny client will not attend rehoiraal till the uecoBzary expiation is received. Please, there fore, to place yourablf in communicution at once with mo personally or by your solicitor, ns Mr Montgomery has fally empowered me to represont him in this transaction. — I am, dear sir, your obedient servant, Francis E. Patnteh ' Witness showed tho latter to Holioway, and afterwards saw Mr Darrell, at a quarter to six p.m., who told him that he had instructions to givo him official notice that defendant would not appear iu. ' Hamlet,' and that his address was Scott's Hotel, Melbourne. Tha perfor raanco commonoed, and was obliged to stop by the non-entrance of Horatio, tie part for which Mr Darrell was cast. Mr Montgomery did not play that night. Thoro wbb a great crowd outside, bat they dispersed when it was hintod that Montgomery was not going to play. He wxh pat to groat expense, ia all £179 11s CJ. Witness did all that tho defendant re quired. He wantod lights to ' show up the muscles of his face' iu Hamlet, and witness gapplied then. He took £8-1 IO4 61 at the doors for tho week, and lost £94 13d 6-i cash ont tl pocket. The honse, if filled, would hold about £100. The people of Castlo maine invariably patronised ' star* ' well. When Leatou nnd Smith's Japanese jagglors woro there, Mr Smith told him they took £400 in a week. Mr Aspinall objected to that as evidence, and it was withdrawn. Witness estimated to mako over £100 profit by his bar trade during the week. Mr Aspinall objected that that had nothing to do with the engagement. Mr Iroland thought it was a natural and no cossarv consenuenco. Mr Fellows intimated that drinks woro part of tho ' res gealio.' Mr Aspinall suggested ' indigestto.' Cross-examined by Mr Asj^nall : Did not give a notice that Mr Montgomery was not going to piny. Taok no public moaca to announce his non-appearance, because it was all over tho town. Witness took tho money at the door, and eaid that Mint^omery wou'.d not appear. Began to play becauso he thought tho defendant might take it into his head to como back at the lastmoinont, as he was very flighty. Did it for his own protection. Abotft a quarter of an hour after the play had eommenoud, an announcement was made from the stago that the defendant would not perform. Offered to return the monoy ; about £1 was returned. Never said that £180 was too much to give to the defendant. Was satisfied with the arrangement, and ngrood to it after two or three minutes' consideration. Did not -tell tho defendant that £400 was. all that could bo got out of the thoatre in a week. The defendant estimated that it woald hold £450, and witness did not think fit to correct him. When] the defendant spoke to him about Spiller, he told him that Spiller had been shown into his (Montgomery's) room through the neglect of the servants or landlord. The gist of his conversation was that the quarrel woald be in the papers, and what a nice thing it would be, as 'The Ago would get hold of it. Thcra was no bed room attached to the parlor in which tho defendant foand Sniller and wife. Told Mr Montgomery that it wai fortunate that he had gone to tho printing office aud given tho correct version ol the affair ; told him that Spiller must be a strange individual, and that onco daring a performance, at Sandhurst, ho becamo excited, and jumped abont, nnd at last pulled down one of the side chandeliers. Did not say he was a desperato fellow. Mr Spillor wis one of the common wealth, or partners. Witness agreed ta pay Spiller whethor ho played or not, and he (Spiller) contented to go to Sandhurst. When at tho railway BtatioD, Montgomery insisted that he should be brought back and made to apologise. Mrs Hill arrived on tho Saturday to play with the defendant. Montgomery never said that- if Spiller wero not brought to reason, he (Mont gomery) wonld play for him at some fatnre time. Had never seen the piny of ' Hamlet,' and did uot know whether it oonld be played with out Horatio. It was arranged that Mr Marsh was to play tho part, first Gravedigger instoad of Spiller. Introduced Noal to defendant &? tho Castlemaine amntear, and suggested thut he could play tho part. The defendant said tho part could be left ont. Told defendant that Mr Neal was a good actor in ono a;i of ' Hamlet.' Defendant said ho would like ts nee the fellotv, as he might make something out of him. The editor of the Daily News bow him in the street, and Raid, ' Hallo, whal'd up with you play actors ? There's a jolly row going on down ibo street;' also told him tbat Spiller had been there, stating that Montgomery had insulted Mrs Spiller by going into her bedroom. If tho editor says he never told him tint, he tella an untruth. By Mr Ireland: Had never seen ' Hamlet' acted ; had only seen Neal in one act, and that was thoGhost scene. Mr Iroland : Did you provide, the cock amongst the other properties ? Witness : No. Mr Ireland : Don't you knoiv tho cock in 'Hamlet?' Witness: No. Mr Ireland : I don't ask your Honor to tako that down. (Linghter.) Edmund Holloway was examined, bat his evidence was simply corroborative of the plain tifEV. No new pointB were envolved, except that when Mr Payntflr, of Cuatlemaine, ea deavored to conciliate tb.e parties ho became so utterly bewildered that lie aaid ' What am I to do ? Ono sits in his room and ibsuch hiB orders like a little king, and the other goes of! like a sky-rocket.' The production of a plan of the theatre, and the evidence of a sarveycr as to the large aadiences he had Beo'u iu the theatre in times past, concluded the plaintiffs case. For the defence Mr Aspinall called Walter Montgomery, who deposed thai ho first saw Che plaintiff on tho 4th of OVnuary last, and agreed to piny Rt his theatre, sup poited by the SandhnrEt company, for half tho gross house. Ho wished, however, to have nothing t) do with the business portion of the arrangements. BS^f'-rnS^s askocI for tUo *°^ ~» -oioa ? -—.??-? WUa BUiuliff feared „, --.^ per week. j. — . ««»«ii that £180 was too much, 'and «uoo .. that if the speculation wore uot a good ono for him, witness should ploy the last evening without the £30, to give nira a turn, and agreed to his proposition. Tho witness hero gavo a similar version to the plaintiff of the row with Spiller. When plaintiff told him what he had heard nt tho Daily J^eics office, witness said, ' This ia terrible ; wd are on tha eve of somPthiDg horrible. I ennuot piny with snoh a man.' Mr Dnrant stated ho would not. allow snch a vagabond to play, and that he shoald be dismissed. Witness wag under tho impression at that time thut SpilLr was eimp'y a paid actor. Mr Neal ivos introduced to him on San day, the 11th of Jannary. Witness had before been told that Mr Spillor could not be dis missed ns ho was a paitnT, Rnd told Daraut bef ara Neal that ho could nit act, that a dis turbance would bo ruinous to him, aud that ho had better play the week without witness; that he wonld mako up any 1o»b to him, and would return aiid p'ay when Spillor was not there. Dnrant was perfectly sigraoable. Oa the Monday Spilltr came np to Custlemaino by the mid-day train, and ho instructed his Iuwyer ta write the lotter read in court. Spiller never sot.t nn npology. Witness left Castlemnino nt half-past five that evening. Ho could not havo played Hamlet that night undor tho circumstances ; he dared not, ho could not. The conn-net not c«min£ off entailed a loss on him of £180, besides a week's engagement with the same company nt Sandhurst. Ho bIeo pngngod and paid Mrs Hill to aot with him. At Btllsrit tho highest amount of takings was £438 ; at Sandhurst very nearly the same. Cross-examined by Mr Ireland : Iiomembered Holloway coming to him on the Minday, at nine in tho morn'iig. He said he had seen Spiller, who denied tho story abont tho bed room ; in fact ho gave a very different story iniloed to what Mr Dnrant hiid told kim. Rj-examined : Mr Holloway told him that Mr Spiller said ho had never said nujthiug of tlie kind at the newspaper ofliep, bnt witness be lieved the plaintiff in proferonca to Sjillcr. Georgo Darrell, William IX. Maogregor and John Fraser Marsh were examined, but their evidence brought oat no frosh features. The learned counsel having addressed the jary, His Honor snmmad up favorably to tho plaiut'.ff, when tho jury retired aad oronghi in a verdict for the [/'.Jiuiff, claiuigos £160. Mr Fellotvs nsked his Honor that it might be apportioned daily, ns a demurrer hnd been put ia ia regard to tuo pwformaiioe on Sitnr day. Tha Chief JotIico then questioned tho jury in writing aa to whether tbo £150 was to be divided. £25 for each of the six nights, or ap portioned between the five nights. The jary ognin retired and brought in n verdict fjr £125 for the five nights. Hoddeh v. White and Another. — This w«b an action of ejectment. Mr Fellows nnd Mr Cook wera rttainod for the plaintiff, Mr Sponsley for the defendants. The plaintiffs wero nonsnitej through the want of a connect ing link in the title. Tho court then adjourned till noxt morning. New CoonT. — (Before Mr Justiqo Barry and a Seleot Jury of Twelve.) Martin v. Moss. — This was an action to re cover £5000 for non-fulliltneot of contract. Defendant had agreed to soil Che plaintiffs GGOO bushels of Walmoalej'd sapoiior malt in 121 air tight tankB, to arrive by tko M'Duft', Superb, Darra, and Wollmley, at IOj i^d per bnshol, to lie paid in acceptances at three and four months. Plaintiff took delivery of consignment by tho M'Duff, but found that by tho Superb to bo unfit for use. This the defendant denied, and the pre sent action was brought to recover tho damage sustained by tha plaintiff in his business as a brewer. Tho jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £10 S3 10J. In Equitv. — (Bofore Mr Jnetioa Molesworth.) B.uifoot v Giiibons. — In this caso, by oon sent, an injunction was granted by tho court against an execution at law, tho plainiiflf giving his content for a judgment tit law to h-) dealt with as Die coart aircots. Costs to be costs of' tho cause. 'Aladdin Gold M. Co. v Aladdin and Tby Aoain Co. — The ovidonco in this case was con cluded. Tho court nJjourned till nest day. 