THE NEWS OF THE DAY. w It ia notified in tho usual vay thit the E.M.S. Malta will be despatched with tli» ont going mail for Europe. Tho timea appointed for closing aro six p.m. ou Saturday next, the 17th inst., for registered letters and for iiowg pipera (via Marseilles excipteJ) ; and eight p.m. the same day (or all ordinary letters, in cluding those via Maraeillts, ond for news papers via Marneilles. A sooond endeavor was made yrs'.orday to bring together a meeting ol tho Chamber of Gommerco to adopt the resolutions of tho Sydnay Conference. Twenty-five gentlemen attenled, and the businoss was proceeded wit\ bnt in a very (lit and langnid kind of ttyle. Scarcely any discussion tool: place, and in half an hour tho meeting pissed three resolution?, one approving of tho customs union and federation recommended by the conference, another to the effect that tho Government should be urged to take steps in carrying out the same, and a third in approval of tho oentil ajs'.em for tho sale of grain. Mr J. It. Bailey, one of the speaker, charged the mercantile men of Molboarne with apathy in regard to a customs union, and Mr James Servico main tained, on the other band, that tho so called apathy was an entire acrinifscance in tho de liverances of the Caamber of Commoroe. Mr Bailey, however, although a warm sup porter of tho cnatomi nnion, declined to give npTiia opinion, and indeed the other opinion argues a strange obliquity of perception. At last the civic authorities seem to be in earnest in their endeavors to itnprovo tho Carl ton Gardens. Light iron railings aro being placed on each side of tho walks and white brick drains are being laid down where the ground requires drainage. Not a few who look on approvingly n re still somewhat afraid lest tho present should prove ds epiGmodic as tha previous attempts to make the3e gardens a credit to tho locality; bnt wo have sufficient confidence in tho good taste ns well as the por gevernnce and public spirit of tho present Mayor to accomplish a real and permanent suc cess. It may be amusing, bnt it is certainly anything but edifying, to find hon. mem bers bo often lowering the Legislature, if not. themselves, by interchanging taunts and insinuations, and imputing nnworthy motive3, contrary not marey to courtesy and good nature, but to the recognised rules of Parliament. In some cases, a con stant, yet independent support of tboj[Mirjijtry appears sufficient to render one member an object for meaningless abuse to members of the Opposition, whose own support would not bo too valuable to any party, aud should a Minis terialist happen to bo mentioned as onn among tbose ' likely ' to ba selected for oiiii', why he at once becomes a mark f jr attack by the little great ones on both sidus of tho House. Not very long ago, Mr M. L. King, endeavor ing to obtain a hearing for Mr Mjcpheraon, whose voice could scarcely be heard above tho din prevailing at tho time, Tra3 actually as sailed in no measured terms by the gentle man on whose behalf he had requested 'order,' tho piotical representative of Kigmarole following suit with a lecture on 'dignity.' Mr Macpberson apologised, indeed, upon discovering his error, but hi3 gravest error was tho readiness to assume tha' Mr King waa necessarily wrong, an injustice for which, tho hon. member for Wast Bourke has given no reason whatever. Mr Maokay has latterly become a target, because ho is said to have, and probably has, an ambition for oiEce. Aud what* if he has ? Is it a disquali fication for a public man to push forward if he has tha ability and tho opportunity for distin guishing himself ? Sarely nothing can be meaner or moro vulgar than those petty envies and jealousies of wUich some men cannot free thenjsalvee, oven upon entering the public arena ? — measuring others' corn by their o vn bushel — virtually acknowledging tho miserable character of their own motives by assuming that no member of Parliament cun give an honest unp port to the Government unless for a price? Shame. Our Gaelong correspondent writes as fol lows:— 'The hoD. Mr Grant is expect;d to arrive ut the Little River this morning by first train, hia visit being purely of a departments character, arising out of a protest from a selec tor under the 42nd clauso aga!nst a decision of the commission which recently sat at Roth woll. It was the intention of the residents ti make a public demoiutration in honor of the visit, and a carriage for tho u=io of Mr Grant had been ordered from Geelong ; but this pro ject has boen abandoned, iu order to comply with his request that no expanse whatever should be incurred on his account.' The Stoana Navigation Board held a pro tracted sitting ytsterday, in rcf:renco to tho late fatal collision on tho high seas between the British ship Explorer and tho French barque Bretagne, which resulted in the founder ing of the Jatter vessel and the Ioes of five lives. The board commenced its investigation at ten o'clock a.m., and did not adjourn till about a quarter to Bis p.m., thus Fitting nearly eight hours, daring wlaich four witnesses were examined. During tho investigation a trans lation of a report ' of the collision from the Bordeaux Gironde 'was circulated by Count Caatelnan, and led to some unpleasant ness between Dr. Maokay and Mr Williams, the latter gentleman accusing his professional opponent of seeking to inllasnce the board. Captain Devlin, tho chairman, explained that tho board had requested the information. The narrative will be read with interest. Some doubt is still entertained as to whether g-ld has really been found in tho ground being dug out in Queen street, and persons may be seen throughout the day carefully examining the earth dug by tho excavators. It was roundly asserted yesterday that several quartz specimens had been obtained, and one of them was Bhown aa having boen picked np by a boy Bni sold to a resident of the neighborhood. This specimen, however, to those who saw it, had evidently been taken from a quartz reef, and as all the small bits of quartz found in the gravel on the land were as rounded nnd pebbly as water, woaring could make them, tho parsons who saw it refused to believe ia its being ob tained iu Melbourne at all. Tenders were opened yesterday by the Board of Land and Works for the supply of CGO and 300 cubic yards of shingle metal, for two several parts of the Melbourno to Wood's Point road. The lowest tenders, those of Hr Win. Ellingvportb, wero accepted, tha t;rms being, for the 660 yards £192 10s, and for the 300 yards £97 10-i. Notwithstanding the repealed cautions trades men have received about taking cheques from persons unknown to them, scarcely a day passes bat one or other of tha police courts is engaged in investigating charges of this nature. Yester day morning, however, at the City Court, a new dodge wss brought to ligUt, which the prisoner had beeu carrying on for some months past in nearly all the suburbs as well a» in.towu. Tho pruoner, au elderly man named Arthnt Luplon, would go into an hotel or shop after bank hours and producing a cheque for £2 ask the proprietor to cash it for him, but was in most Instances refused. Ho wor.'.d then solicit a amnll advance; leaving the cheque until next morning as security. Of course he never came back, and upon the cheque being presented itwa*r-lum d markeS 'ao aoeonnt.' Tarae charge* were proceeded with, and od etcj charge he was committed for trial. In the first he had obtained 10s advances from Mr Westhorp, restaurant-keeper, Elizabeth-street; in the second he obtained 2s 6d from Mr Way, restaurant-keeper, Bourke-steeet ; and in the third he procured 7s 6d from Mr Coyle, of the G.mco Darling ETjU-I, S;aitu- Btrcet, Colling -ro:-d. In each case the amount of the cheque was £2. Tho presenco of t'oo military at tho cere monial of laying the fonndation-ttoue of St. Poter's Cathedral, AleUiid^, appears to have given great offence to a largo number of the pahlic, who evidently thought that in dis pensing with State-aid tliey had disposed of tho question of precedence cmongst religions denominations. Having published a leading article upon tho subject, ike S A. Advertiser was requested to explain that ' the gu.ir.l of honor ol the ll-.h Kjghnsnt which was present on the occasion of laying the fonnlatioxi stoiu of tke new cathedr.il on Tursiay Jait did not attend in honor of the L 3rd Bishop, nor of the cere mony, bnt that it was in attendance on the Governor, aa is tho practice when hia Excellency thinks proper to appear in State.' Instead of pu'.ting matters aright, however, tho explanation seems to have totally spei!ed tho business, judging from the tono in which our Adelaide contemporary arm ments : — 'Wo givo publicity to llr's explaui tion an ia duty bound, bnt regret that it raises another question, for it affirm? (wha', cur arti cle did iioSuflirin) thst kia Excellency appeared ' in Slate' at a denominational religions cero menial. No;v, tliii is precisely tho thing that tho colony will most loudly complain of. As to its being ' the practice,' there couid be no 'prac tice' where thero was no precedent ; and wo are certa'n that since Iho abolition of tho State grant to religion, and the inauguration of re sponsible government, no prccodent can bo quoted for Buch an identification of ' the State' with ono particular religious body as that which occurred kst Tnoeilny. Thia is a matter ou which the colonists havo a very pro fonnd feeling, and his Excellency onght to have been informed of it.' It ia a very common custom with gentlemen of ' Epreeish' tendencies, when tiny happen to get locked up cf a night, to got bail by de positing a small amount (say £2), aud when tho caso ii called on li'xt morning never to pat in an appearanco at the C.ty Court, think ing it. better to loses the £.2 than uppear. This gamo, however, ia to bo put a Etop to, for yeaterday morning, at tbo City Court, when a mau named Timothy Pivomey did not appoar to hiB bail, Mr Panton, the police 'magistrate, gave instructions that no person should be bailed out for tho future on charges of that nature without depositing £10, so that if for feited the Ios3 would really be aach ng to con stitute a punishment. ' The County of Bondigo ' is a faer, at last. A proclamation appears in the Government Gazette, announcing that the Bendigo gold ileli], so 3oDg lxbxing under tho reproach oi being ontiido tho settled districts, has been erected [into a county, the boundaries of tho Bendigo territory boinc; thus defined: — 'Tho County of Bendigo. — Commencing at the junc tion of tho B-jt-bet Creek wifa tho Loddon River ; tnsnee by tho Loddon R'.ver up wards to the confluence of Mount Alex ander Creek ; liy this creek io its source under Mount Alexander ; thence by tho waler ahed of Mount Alexander Ringo to tho head of Myrtle Creek, and by that crock to its coiiila enco with the Coliban River; thence by ttio Cotiban River noith-eaBterly to its confluence with the Campaspe River; thonce northerly by the Campaspo River to a line marked on the ground, being the geodetic lino on latitudo 30 deg. 12 min. ; thence west by that line to the Loddon River ; and thonce southerly by that river to the commencing point.' Tho Melbourno Cricket Club will hold their winter meeting cf athletic sports on the metro politan cricket ground to-dny. Groat interest is attached to tho Velocipedo llioe, and, judging from the number cf entries and tho h kill of some of the competitors, a closo and exciting contest ia anticipated ior the iirat priza, value £20. Another v«ry attractive item of tho pro gramme is the M.C.C. Cup, value £54, for which all the crack professionals of the colony aro entered, tho distanct'S varying from 2U0 to 880 yards, and Harris ia considered the favorite, but it is said that both Iloula han and Higgins are in good condition, and their fr.'ends are confident one of them will oarry off the mnoh-ebveted trophy. Tbo fine weather of the last few days has improved tho ground wonderfully. A portion of what is known as tho reserve hai beeu fenced off for the use of the publio, where Boats havo been provided. His Excellency the Governor is expected to bo present, and the oiiicora of the 14th ll.'gimont have allowed the club the use of their tiuo band. The first raoo is advertised for oua o'clock. The Molbourno Omnibus Company will run their large omnibuseB from their offices in Bourke-Btreet, overy two and a half minutes, commencing at twelve o'clock. There aro also to bo some excellent sporta at Croxtm Park iu tho shape of horse racing, and a velocipedo race for a prize of £20. Several publicans were summoned to the District Court yesterday, charged wit'i Bell ing liquor after midnight without having a night licence. The summonses were taken oat by Mr Hartwoll, inspector of rovouuo to tho corporation, and in each case ho had been served with drink after the hour for closing. The only case in whioh a conviction wag not obtained wan that of John Cilligan, landlord of Culligan's Royal Hotel, Swauston-etrcot, and in this case the offence took place but a few minutes after twelve, and the magistrates, coming to the conclusion that no evasion of tho law was intended, dismissed Iho case. A summonB ngainst John Anated, of tho Great Britain Hotel, Flinders-street, was adjourned by consent until Wednoaday next. Tho names of those fined wero John Glover, of the Sir Walter Scott Hotel, Elizabeth-street, £5, and 5a coats ; Walter Woolnough, of the Lancashire Hotel, ir'ttle Bourke-streot, £5. aud 203 costs ; Joseph Broyrakill, of Allen's Hotel, Bourko street, £5, and 203 costs ; aud Henry Ans comb, of tho Rsyal Hotel, Victoria- street, £5, withont costs. The barquo Birchgrove is now ready for sea, having taken in the whole of the required tramway plant, &a.;, for Maiden Island. To day she takes on board her paa3ongera, and will most probably leave to-morrow morning. Captain Knight feels confident of being uble to moke a good passage, as his ship is iu tolerably fair trim and sails well. From a return sent in by Mr L. A. Moody, the immigration agent, wo learn that from 1st January to 22nl May, 1809, the number of nominees sent for under the immigration regu lations amounted to 1797, of whom 1038 are adults. They are distinguished, at follows: — From England, 767; Scotland, 201; Ireland, 829\. Daring the month of May tho arrivals in the colony amounted to 2903 souls, and the depnrtnroa for tho samo time 2190. * S-ill another new raeh is reperted by oar In glewood contemporary : ' On. Tut slay a minor na-nod G. W. Simpson applied to register a prospecting claim on Simp3on'« Creek, near Simpson's hut, about half way between Kin gower aud Arnolil'u-bridge, and about six miles, in a direot line, from Inglowood. Tho depth of sinking is about 4ft, and the prospects obtained 5 dwt of courao gold to tho load. The conntry round about is a very likely one for {rold, and there ia no purchased land near it. A great many miuera havo already gone off to the new locality, and it ia anticipated that Ihe rnsh will bo a large one. . The now rush at Tyler's is said to be turning out well, nearly every hole bottomed showing a good prospect.' About a week since, a shepherd named John Fletcher oame to town in charge of a flock of sheep, from the hon. Neil Black's station. As usual with his class, ho went on tho spree, and ona morning roported to the detective police that he had beon robbed of £30 and n swag. As he was vary confused, bat little information could be got out of him as to where he lost lm money, and he promised to return again. He has not, however, done so, and the detectives now wish to find him out, as they have same clue to his lost money. Forty-three hundredweight of fish was con signed to Ballarat by t'ae late train lass night, a quantity far in exceBS of the average for a long period back. A very Ipjge proportion consisted of roughiee. What eeem3 another failnre ol justice in a case concerning Chinese ia reported by the Daily News :— ' The charges of perjury against AU Liai, Ah Goon and Ah Wing, pre ferred by Mr Hodger, were heard thig (Fri day) morning at the police court, before a full bench of magistrates. The case procoedod evenly enough, without anything being proved, until Aboo Mason, the Chinese interpreter, was put into the box to swear to the written depositions as given by Ah Lira, when Mr A. Head, for the prisoneri, objected that an ai eignment for poijury mu9t bo proved ont of the prisoner's own mouth, aud not tho inter preter's; and therefore, nnli si the depositions wore written in Chinese, they wsre nselea*. Thia objection proved fata', nnd tho -whole of the three cases were dismissed.' Is there to be no remedy ut all, then ? We are informed by our Geelong oarrrcspon dent that tho Rov. B. H. Power Furviveol through yesterday in a very fluctuating state. Mr Power was visited on Thursday by Bishop GooJd and Archdeacon Fitzpatrick. Another fatal nccident occurred near Yack audand.^i on Monday. The deceased was a brother of Mr H-ittorsley, the well-known sodawater manufacturer, nnd had recently ar rived from England. He bad been taJiic some of his brother's gooJs into BeechworUh^ and was on his way back to Yackandandah when, jast at the Gap, he was thrown off from the dray, and the horses continuing to pull, the shaft was driven into his chest. He wsb picked np and taken to tho dairy farm of Mrs Yea, closo at hand, but he died in a few hours. From tho Spectator we learn that tho deceased was married, aud leaves six children to lament; his loss. He had travelled a great deal in Africa and elsewhere. Somewhat late in the day, the Star supplied another snako story, and a good one, too : — ' On Thursday, a man engiged at work iu a recently ploughed field at FellmongerF, belong ing to Mr Smith, was induced to turn round on hearing a smart snapping noise at a little distance behind him. He siw a laugbing jackats rising iu tho air with what appeared to be a belt hanging from its mouth. At iiret the laborer tuougkt that bis belt bad been unceremoniously carried oft, but tho bird lotting t'ae object drop, it was found to be a whip Bnake, tsvonty-soven inohea in length, which had at this unusual season allowed it self to fall a proy to one of its feathered ene mies.' A yonng man named Joseph Jaickno, an Italian, employed as a charcoal burner, near Spring-hill, CroBwick, waa splitting in the forest on Wednesday. Whilo rolling an im minso log down a hill, it is supposed that he overbalanced himself, Blinped over and was crushed to death by the lingo block. He wag fonnd dead, the log lying across his back. It was elicited at tho inquest that deceased bad a la v Biiit pending iu tho Supremo Court, to re cover tho sum of £035 lelt him by his bro ther, who was drowned on his way to Carpen taria, or, ni the Creswick Advertiser thinks, ' Onmden Harbor,' A largo number of casf s wore struok out at tho Cluues County Court on Thursday, with oosts iu each c.130 to tho defendant, in coaso queuco of the afli lavit of service being bnd, owing to tho magistrate who Bignod tho affi ditvil having simply affixed J.P. to hia immo without Btnting hia jurisdiction. It hog boen very proporly remarked that tho professional genlemen omployed are certainly deserving ol. cetisure in Siu'u instances where individuals Buffer through tho lachis ef tliO3e they pay to do their businesj. Oao of our Oveii3 contemporaries speaks of the pre3enee of certain local celebritiea with very natural opprohension : — ' In addition to Mr Power tho ro!iber, we havo now in this dis trict the notorious Mitta Mitta Jack. Mr M'Kay too, once of tho Middle Creek, is at large ; and we aro to be farther blossed in a short time with tho presonco of the wretch Toko, who is well known to liavo committed such, dreadful crimes in the Omoo district and thereabouts. It may . ba very much against the spirit of English ideas to point out Mitti Mitta Jack and Toko . as desperate and irreclaimable criminals, but they havo placed themselvi'S beyond all con sideration of this kind. If we havo a tigor or a wolf in our vicinity, shall wo not Bay eo be cause they wear the outward shape of man? Thoro ia nothiag more probable than that Power has boen lying by, awaiting the arrival ot his gaol companions in this diBtrict.' We have Sydney tiles to the Gth of July and Q.isenalanl to tha 3rd, but of thj mo3i in turesting items the telegraph had apprised aa beforohand. The Banner of Belfast hints at some scan- dal in connection with the local hospital, implying that the proceedings of an individual named Papley would soon be brought under the notice of the authorities. It would appear that there is some reason to suspect that tho skeleton of a human being found near Grassy Flat, Smdhuret, on Wed nesday, is that of a mau who it was thought was murdered about four years aqo at Back Creek. At the time thia individual wno missed he had a considerable amount of money in bis posseision, and his diaappearance gave rise to auapicions of foul play. The Bendigo Advertiser says tnat tho police aro jjmaLing every possible inquiry into the case ' and, pro- . baoly, it taera is any tratc in tae saying ? tuac murder will out,' something taugible will be arrived at ero long. At proseut the affair ia onwrapt in mystery.' While on thia snbjeoi wj may note that the recent diacovory of human remains on Hill Plains, ' Deniliquin, has elicited a letter from Mr James Cbalmer, who expresses his opinion that thoy . are, most probably, thoBe of a gentleman named Moscly, who died thero snddenly one niglit in tbo summer of 1853 51, whilo travelling down country with shec-p, End he was at that time travelling overseer ia tha employ of Messrs Simpson and Coghill. It ia a singular fact that the deceased gentleman (who had been ailing for some time), previous to retiring at midnight, aBkod tho shepherd who relieved him 'How he would mmago in case ho (Moaely) should die?' Tiie man replied he did not know, bnt hoped thero was no fear .of anything of tho kind. Mosely replied, ' Oh, no,' and requested to bo called sd as to make an earJy start. In the morning he waa found dial.' A man named John Robert Wallace was admitted into tbo Hay hoapital a short time sinco, and died on tho 30th Jane, from tho effects of a severe scald or burns, caused while in a state cf intoxication at the Gnnbar. It appearod from tho evidence at tho inquiry, as a Deniliquin jonrnsl points ou^ that certain hawkers are in ths habit of Belling liquors ao, well aa wearing apparel, and that if it had cot been for the drink obtained from the above Bources Wallace would have beon alive this day. Tho hon. Francis Robertson, M.L.C., has been appointed a jastice of tbo peace for the Melbourno Geueral Sessions district, anil Mr William Frederick Taylor, of Spring Creek, far the Bendigo General Sessions district. Some further particulars connected with the Chiltern tragedy are furnished by a Beech worth contemporary: — ' Jamea Smith, the: principal in the supposed murder of his ropnted wife at the Springs, on the Wangaratta and. Cbiliern road, was taken to Beechworth by the Chiltern coach yeaterduy (Wednesday), for safe custody in the gaol until Manday next, to which day tho coroner's inquest wus ad journed. H13 presumed accomplice (Lindsay) did not accompany him, giving some reaton to believe that he has given Bome important in formation to the authorities. The police are in possession of a good deal of information be yond that produced on Monday laat, tending to show a motivo and intention on tha pair, of Smith.' This curious referonce to the Beochwort& Mining Board is made by a local journal : — ' This body will moot on the 20th inet., cot S3 much for tho purpose of any fresh legisla tion as to divide the half-year's subsidy oJ £250. A principle has been adopted, which prevents any necessity for the unseemly Ecenes . which used formerly to exist over the division of the spoils.' Dr. Maclean held an inquest at the Willissje town Junction yesterday, upon the body of Rachel Gibson, who died [suddenly on Tiinrs day morning. Tho surgeon who made a posl mortem examination of tho body, stated that the deceased had died from rupture of the heart, and tho jury returned a verdict to that effect. Our Volunteers have in general contirned upon friendly terms with their less militarily disposed fellow citizens, but an exception ap pears to have occurred in the qniet little town ship of Drysdale. A curious episode of village life ia thus chronicled by a local paper : — ' At the meeting of committee of theDr/edale Mechanics' Institute, the senior sergeant oi the Drysdala Volunteers stated that he was ordered by Captain Smith formally to demand an apology from the committee, for a member of tho committee having refused to leave the li brary when told to do so by Captain Smith on the previous Tuesday evening. The chairman at once placed the matter before the meeting, when it was unanimously resolved : — ' That as the hall was only let to the volunteers, the com mittee refused to acknowledge the right of the corp3 lo usa the library to the exclusion of mem bers of committee and the subscribers to the institute, and that no. explanation or apology be given is reply to U-9 message reeceived ixcnJ Captain Smith.' In consequence of the po sition ««nm«d by RcUn? Captam Smith, a no tice of motion was laid on tbo table:- That the lettin' of the ha!l bo aiKonturaea to the volanteera, and that nnc month's notice of the uamo ha sent to Captain Smith.' ' , SomecS t.he professionals employed at the Colosseum nsa a portion of a two-Btoned build in* at tbo rear for the pnrpjso of ^swS «nm«. and al night an employe of Mr Wright, tie proprietor, sleeps there. At a t«v early hoar on Wednesday morning this person wrs urousod by n number of men breaking m the walla of the honae. He called npon the police to interfere, bat they refused to do so, on the clea that the v conld not say whether the men were employed to do bo by the proprietor or not, especially as a neighboring resident . claimed the property as hia, and awd ho had niven orders to the men to do as they wsre do:Dg. Mr Wright hns, however, taken legal . measures agninat thosj employ ad in the sffair; and yesterday morning Beven warrants were issued for tho arrest of the men ; and, as they ?were all known, four of them have be«n arrested and lodged in tho watcbhonse, to appear at the City CuUrt this morning. The nama of Mr Chnrleg Turner, of Mel honrnp, and e M.R.O.S., Eng., 1853 ; and L R O.P., Eilin., 1860, haa been added to the list of legally qualified medical practitioners of Victoria. Iu the Government Gazette of yesterday, bis Excellency has proclaimed aa area of 10,000 acres on the banks of tho Murray and near tho town of Banntth as a State forest. ? There wero 124 births and G6 deaths re gistered in Melbourne and its suburbs during the week ending 3rd Jnly. A reward of £100 is offered in the Gazette for the detection of those who, on Monday, 7th June, burned down Mr Levin's store, at Wah- gunyah. For the detection of those who burned down Ebenezer Rootsey's premises, Keilor, on the 17th May, the Government offer a reward of £25. The Supreme Court judges sit in banco this morning, when a largo number of judgments will be delivered, and Trinity term may really be considered at on end. In the case of HoW-wd v. Oraip, hied yes terday beforo Judge Puhlmmi, the pontiff sought to rooover from tho dtf jnilant the sum oJ £15, wages for work dono as a miner and otherwise, at the rato ef 15a per week. A ver dict was given for plaintiff for the amount claimed, with costs. Bro.idbent v lleymanson wos an action by plaintiff, a teacher of music, to recover £13 3a Gd for educating the children of the defendant. Mr Hcymanson paid £0 0j Cd into conrt in full of all demands, which his Honor considered sufficient, nnd ho accordingly gave a verdict for the d- fondant. MarU-lli v Jacks ana Smith, was brought by the plaintiff to recover £19 for damages dono to tho stand ing crops of tho plaintiff by tho bullocks of tho defendant. Tho plaintiff had employed the defendants to cart straw, &i;)., to town, and on ono occasion the defendants allowed their animals to stray into (ha crops belonging to plaintiff, and Efrionsly injure them. The court gave a verdict for plaintiff for £5, with £4 43 costs. Says tb6 Ballarat Mail : — ' Anent tho 1 kick' system, of which wo have heard bo much lately, wo aro onabled to state on the best authority that a gontleman, deputed by a Cltraes quartz mining company to visit Mel bourne and inspect several engines, on Friday morning reported to tho board of directors that n well-known iirm in tho metropolis had offered him £50 to reeommeud an engine they had for Balo. Thus it will bo perceived that the ' kick' system extends muou further than Bal larat.' The Godfrey's Creek correspondent of an Alexandra pap?r draws attention to a new practice of mining speculation whioh it seems just aa well for the Department to make nota ef :— ' Taera is an evil springing up hero which is as bad if not worse than leasing. Ono man bays, siy £10 -werth of minors' rightB, ?which reprepent forty claims, and if that is not enough he can t ike up forty more Dy pay ing anotlier £10. This is greater monopoly than uny leasing that hag been attempted yet, as anv individual can take np a whole croek in this wiy at much less exponeo than be would have to pay for leasing it.' There was a very good attendance at Weston'tf Opera Honsa last evening, and, as usual, tho songs and chorusea were loudly ap plauded. The farce of 'Ghost in n Pawn Shop' appeared to take the fancy of the audience Rmazingly, more especially as some opt political allusions have been introduced. Mr Montgomery's benefit at t'ie Theatre Royal last night was very well attended. The pifjis chosen were 'Antony acd Cleopatra,' with the satno caBt as during the paat four days, and Tobin'd comedy of ' The Honeymoon ;' Mr Montgomery playing Duke Aranza, Mr Coppin the Moak Dako ana Miss Bowring Juliana. In the interyal Mr Darrell sang n song of his own composition, entitled 'Doing the Block,' which might very well have been omitted from the programme, as not becoming either the thealro or the occasion. A3 Mr Montgomery does not yet conclude his ongaga ment, the same bill will be produced to-night, bnt in order to conclude by midnight, the per-, formauccs will commonca at Bevan o'clock. The Juveniles are to have another op portunity of seeing Bsrlow's doga and monkeys, ai wo notice that nn afternoon performance of thi3 troupe is to be given at the Polyjechnio Hal!, when the two little Downejs will also sing some of their popular songs. A GlUND MASONIC PnOJIENADE CONCEOT takes placo this evening in the Academy of Mow, under tho patronage of his Excellency Sir J. H. Mannx-ra Sutton, Major-Genoral Sir Trevor Chute. C)lonol Anderson, General Latham, American Consnl, and hon. members of the Legislative Council and Assembly. It is expected to be a very brilliant affa'r. We have to ncknowlodgo receipt of a copy of Mr Grove's Weather Tables for the n?xt eix months. For the information of our reader*, wo may say that yesterday was set down as ' fresh and squally,' and that to-day there is to bo a Btrong gala, with 'thunder and lightning in the northern hemisphere.' A VEitv pleasant reunion took place on Thurs day evening, at tbo . Emerald-hill Orderly room — a tea- iight and concert, in aid of the Ladies' Benevolent Society of the hill. There were 1040 tickets sold, and something like that number must have been supplied from the twenty-two tables gratuitously fo.rni8b.od l-y tbo ladies. The tea equipage having been re moved, addresses appropriate to tho occasion were delivered by the It.-v. Mr Dickinson, Mr Foote, president of tho society, and Mr O'Donohue. A very pleasant little melange of amateur music, vocal and instrumental, fol lowed, with which all present seemod highly pleasod, and iu its entirety a very happy even ing was spent by young and old, and a very respectable sum carried to the credit of thiB moat philanthropic institution. 