THE ROYAL ACADEMY IN ITS NEW HOME, DÏ PETBB, 'POSSUM. [Written expressly for this Journal.'] JN i//i,the Jtoyal Academy, gave its first annual dinner "in the exhibition room, the walls of which were covered with works of art, about to be submitted to public inspection." After several changes of domi- cile, the Academy gave its dinner, and has opened its exhibition for 1809, in its new home, Burlington House, although a builder's hoarding still runs along the Piccadilly front, where the famous Hope-flattered " screen" once rose, and a new faoado is soon to rise. Grumblings hove been heard that, in these days in which Art and Literature are more intimately allied than ever-BO lar ns the co-working of their respective Erofessors is concerned (modern artists and authors fing almost daily engaged in a" barter of subjects), Literature does not get as much honour as it used to get from the Big Wigs of Art. That is, such honour as nn invitation to dinner can give. There is a'very literary aroma about that first Academy Banquet. Johnson, rolling and rumbling in his chair, whilst . pleasantly-smiling Sir JoBhua shifts his trumpet tb hear what Dr. Goldsmith is stuttering with honest indignation to sneering Horace Walpole-whoae sneer has to change for a moment into, at any rate, a sham of earnestness, when he hears that Chatterton, whom he had shammed to patronise, when he thought that he should get reflected credit from his as yet un- known correspondent on the Howley poems-that the vain, çifted, forsaken hoy has killed himself. Litera ture did not loom nearly so largely, in proportion, at the last Academy Banquet. Two bright literary names shine out in the list-Froude and Stanley, but the Dean of Westminster had an official right to be present (aß, indeed, by-the-bye, had Johnson and Goldsmith, ns incumbents of the chairs now held by the Dean and Mr. George Grote). It is the relative honour which literary-men get at the banquets now, in comparison with the deference paid to other nota- bles, and also to non- notables-the putting " Litera- ture" at the fog-end of the toasts-which makes some irritable members of that very miscellaneous profes- sion, the literary, gird at the snobbishness of R. A.'B, and suggest that tLey had better omit .' Literature" from their list of toasts, substituting for it " Our Cus- tomers." PerhapB, the fact that " the Time»' Re- porter" figures alphabetically after " Earl Tankerville" in the list of guests, and'that no other reporter figures there; may, perhaps-just possibly-have a little to do with the wrath of the newspaper assailants of courtly Sir Francis Grant and Co. Artists, left out in the cold, are growling still more fiercely at the Hanging Committee, and are about to start en opposition exhibition. Considering the con- siderably larger space at the command of the Com- mittee, artiste hoped to exhibit who had never exhibited before, and outside artists who had fre- quently exhibited hoped to exhibit the more. But never previously was there such a number of rejections -and rejections, Bay the discontented, of pictures that in the first instance had been accepted-a large mino- rity of them by non-academy men, who had frequently exhibited before, but who have had to growl at, and to be growled at by, saucily-surly porters in the "con- demned cells" of the Ac&demy;, over chipped frames, cracked glasses, and, far worse, damaged canvases, just like a*i TTOXXOI, equally aggrieved, but leBB known to Fame. I tell the tale as I have heard it. " The room is not utilised vertically, and yet, it is wasted laterally by the exceptional space between the frames -the R; A.'s, however effete, will exercise their pri- vilege of monopolising square yards of space for their own sign-post daubs-some of the hung pictures are so execrably vile that an excluded artist ought to: oe hanged-hanged !-ciucified rather-*.if he can possi- bly have produced anything worse; hut the fact' is that chefs d'oeuvre which would have made anything exhibited shrivel into cracked smudged canvas, with envy, have been excluded. Hore than a hundred more pictures have been hung this year in Piccadilly than were hung laBt year in Trafalgar Square, and yet there are nearly fifty fewer names at the end of the cata- logue-no one' but an R. A., or an Associate, or a lickspittle of the ignorant, commercial-minded, snob- bish powers that be, haB a chance"-BO the grumblers growl ; and they are bravely going to give the public and the critics a chance of deciding whether or hot they have good reason to be angry, by getting up their rival exhibition in Bond-street-which also, I fear, will be growled at oe unfair, BO multitudinous was'the original noble army of rejected or crowded-out mar t7tB- i . In the meantime, thepublic has got a very enjoyable exhibition at Burlington House, whether or not it has been in some instances snobbishly and inartistically secluded. At any rate, the pictures-hung, for the moBt part, in a double row-can all easily be seen. Necks have not to be cricked, or backs crooked now. A greater crowd can circulate with greater ease', in handsomer galleries, through purer, cooler air, over cleaner, smoother (paiquetted) floors-and, moreover, statuary has an equal chance with painting ; is not crowded down as before into a dim cellar (although, perchance, that dimness was somewhat kinder to some of the'scnlptors tban the present light). In one res- pect, . however, there is certainly no improvement. To deposit or recover a stick, parasol, umbrella, or a fascia of luck articles, at the counter in Burlington House, is harder work even than it was in the National Gallery. Panting, perspiring paterfamilias, strug- gling in the crowd, pettishly snouts orders to his womenfolk to "go on," either way, and leave him to his often hopeless-seeming elbo wings and shoulderings, digs in the ribs, and imminent asphyxia. Belles, pining in divorce from their sunshades, wish that they had beaux of the type of Bunyan's hero-the " man of a very stout countenance," who forced 'his ! way through the throng of armed men. And now for a little chat about the pictures, asjhere and there one may specially catch or lave the eye. Mr. Mac Whirter's " Loch CorniBk, Isle of Skye," looks from the distance like a pailful of ink dashed against the wall ; but there is something in the shapes the ink has taken that startles even in the distance, and, DB you draw near, you see that the ink ii the fiurple-black of awful mountains, girdling a most onely loeb, with a tinge of pale cold yellow iii the little pallid sky that can be seen between their gloomy Íteaks. It is a magnificent picture, but drearily sub ¡me. Hung in a bright luxuriously-appointed room, full of gay chatterers, it would chill, when suddenly glanced at, like a ghost. Hard by is Mr. V. Prinsep's worked.out coneeption of Adam Bede's " Hetty" at her churn. The accessories are well enough, though Mr. Prinsep's dairy does not breathe the moist clean coolness which Miss Evans has given to Mrs. Poyeer's in the freshest of all the fresh books that form the George Eliot series ; Mr. Prinsep's Hetty, too, is a good-looking country girl, but she has none of the " kittenish" charm that makes one forgive Adam Bede for falling in love with Miss Evans's selfish, shallow little pet. This Hetty ia slim instead of mossily-plump-slim with o slimness that threatens development into a tall, gawky, rawboned mother of fifteen. Mr. Watts's "Return of the Dove" is an effective picture j but you cannot help suspecting that you have b«en taken in by it. Rarely, if ever, befare waa so much effect produced by so little labour. There is a story of an " artist" who wa8 employed to paint the " Urossing of the lied Sea" upon a" wainscot. He daubed it from top to bottom with red paint, and proudly eusnmoned his patron to view his completed work. " But where are the Israelites ?" asked his patron. " They Have all passed over." Where are the Egyptians, then ?" " At tho bottom of the sea." This story recurs to one at sight of a very lengthy ob- long canvas, almost entirely filled with an expanse of dull-green water, only broken by long, sluggish, un foaming rollers. But over the waters a well- painted dove, with a sprig of olivo in its mouth, is flying to- wards a smudge on the horizon which, represents Noah's Ark ; and üimple as are the means, the result ia striking. Mr. T. Fard's " Homeless " is a ragged London street-boy, slumbering al fresco after his day's labour, with all MB property, MB broom, beside him : whilst in the gas-lit distance a policeman stolidly tramps his beat. Difficile cst proprie communia ilicere (as that dictum is generally interpreted, I mean,) and, perhaps, it is still more difficult to paint them proprte; but nature and art combined have given Mr. Fard thc knack. There is no substanial pathos in thia picture. .Considering his circumstances, the little City Arab secuis to be enjoying a very comfortable Bleep, and yet y<.u cannot help stopping to look at him, and savin» .'Poor little fellow !" ' 5 Jn Mr. Aicher's *' AgainBt Cromwell," children of another time and condition are quaintly figured. Ia the garden of n low old manor-house, a little fellow in Stuart costume is marching at tho head of his still smaller brothers and sisters-all armed (though some of the weopons are only canes). The children are " playing at soldiers" in the quiet green old garden whilst the father, perhaps, is charging Roundheads muny n-mile away ¡ but there is a stern look of deter- mination in the little faces, which íhow» how their mother speaks of the foe her husband has gone te fight. Mr. Elmore's " Watching and Waiting .' has an ad- mirable contrast of lights. A young wife, sitting up for her husband, has risen from her chair to look out for him. The blue moonbeams fall on her'ahoulder, as she peere between the curtains, and bring a moat forcible suggestion of the wide lonely outside world into the lonely, but cosy, candle-lighted little room. In Mr. Ar&iitage;'s " Hero lighting the beacon to guide Leander," a perfectly nude figure stands with her head nearly on a level with the rising cresset- fire on the old tower, beside the Hellespont. It is a moon- light night, and critics say that tho picture is yérr grand. Hero is certainly admirably drawn, but is made to look ghoBtly by the ashen light or shadow with which her flesh- tints are neutralised. She looks a chilly bride to clasp after a swiui across thB sea. Ia face, too, there is far moro unconscious forecast of her lover's doom than eagerly expectant passion. Perhaps, however, this was the painter's intention, and BO he made the moonlight give her form transparent widow's mourning to match. " Only Herself," is another of T. Fard's simply pa. thetic pictures of pathetic life. A weary, weather bronzed, old peasant woman, who has outlived all ' her kith and kin, ÍB resting in broad sunshine by a Bide-bank, looking ut nothing in a lane with dreamy eyes. Although there is "no speculation" in kee bodily eyes, however, her heart is plainly musing ou a far-off past-perhaps looking forward to the only future that it is soothing to her to think of now-the grave, and meetings again beyond the grave. Two roguish- eyed urchins, peering down upon her insilence from the top of the bank-in silence now, although it was their " laughter of childhood," when heard in the distance, that " brought back her home"-blend with the Bummer light in throwing the old woman's lone lincss into most pensively isolated relief. Sir E. Landscer's "Swannery invaded by Sea. eagles," of courBe attracts a crowd. It is needless to say that the birds are painted to a feather, although one may doubt whether, in a realistic picture, swans should have been made so smoothly, snowily white; but a picture of butchers knocking down oxen in the shambles -would produce, at leaBt on me, almost as pleasant a general impression. Both kinds of birds are -painted at their -worst, BO far as dignity is con- cerned. One ewan, with outstretched, neck, looks vert much like a magnified hissing goose. I haye heard it hinted, too, that Sir Edwin is at fault in his natural history, in making more than two eagles share in the voracious raid ¡ and that there ia a blunder also in ?what seems to me his fat liner picture of the " Ptar- migan Hill"-black and tan setters nosing in the heather, at the bottom of a broken bank, in which i bevy of the birds are clustered : the asserted mistake in this case being, that some of the ptarmigan ate ia full summer, some in full winter, plumage. M., or Sig∨, Amiconi has taken lor his theme these lines from Don Juan : " And tuen a slavo bothought lior of a harp *«»««? * * * he changed the thomo, And tang of lovo ; tho floreo name struck through (II Her recollection ; on her flash'd tho dream Of what abo wai, and is * * * " There ie something meretricious in the eeníiu.íMÍui tissue through which Haidee's lovely form «sn bs seen like a rose through glass, as she starts front ber couch, and puts back her hair. The hair is Engliú silky dark-brown ; the fair face, in complexion tai type of feature, is very unlike the face most readers of Dw Juan imagine for the Greek pirate's daughter; and though a look of recollection struggling into mo- mentary completeness, in a distraught mind, is admi- rably given, it is scarcely the look that would hare played upon passionate Haidee's face at such a moment -it is more the look of Sterne's Maria. Still, as a face, per ie, Haidee's seems to me the most beautiful thine in the Exhibition. Ita size and prominence of position, doubtless, ate the chief reasons why the eye next reata on a portrait of the Duke of Edinburgh by Mr, R. Dowling) bat it seems a very good likeness of the Sailor Prince, with the manly bronze upon his cheek, which your Ban gave, (end, at this present writing, is increasing;) but clad in the stiff full-dress uniform which naval officers are ill-advised enough to wear when they "sit" instead of their far more graceful and sailor«* / undress, / " lhe Boar," by Mr. Hook, is the forepart of a fish- erman's on its side upon the shore. His wife and hi! child, with a bellows between them, are laughingly blowing a fire which would bs seen at the bottom of the boat, if the picture were larger; but the striking thing in the piece, ÍB the man, who is stolidly gutting a mackerel, with a life and death-likeness that mikel the Bea and sand beyond smell salt. In Mr. T. Creswick's "Old English Village on the banks of a river," again, you can smell the weeds and wood-smoke. Richest in humour of all the pictures-so fat ai they «nay be judged in a first visit's cursory vie»-is Mr. Nicol's "Disputed Boundary." Two Irish tot tiers, in a lawyer's office, are wrangling aa to the way in -which their holdings march. The young« mania fustian, tvho holds the map, has been BO confirmed h his «pinion by it, that he clenches his fist in wrath st the obstinacy of the other, who still holds out. This old fellow, in a grey frieze great coat, and with bog mud still wet on his brogues and blue stocking*, plainly can see that he is in the wrong, but he is not going to say so. He flings back Iiis bead in half good natured defiance. There is fluffy grey stubble on the top of his head, and in his dogged old mouth be holds a hay-stalk. The face altogether reminds one, curi- ously somehow, of Lord Palmerston's. The merry eyed old lawyer, with a pea in his mouth, is looking at the old cottier with a look which seems to say " Well, do.youmean to give in? or still to fight it out ? I hope you will." In the back ground comes an old woman with a decanter of whisky and glasses oa a tray-more likely to act as fresh fuel to the strife, than as oil to the troubled waters. [My metaphors are muddled, but such jumbling is excusable in writing of countrymen of the celebrated orator who exclaimed "I smell a rat-I see it brewing a storm-and I trill crush it in the bud."] Mr. Edmond's " Judith" is a woman clark aa a mu- latto, with Jewish black hair and eyes, coming out between the divided curtainu of a tent. The exprei sion on her firm, pitiless, but un-Jewish Ups shorn that Holofernes lies headless wiihin. Mr. J. K. Thomson's "Old Clock on the Stairs " /' Bimply an old clock on the stairs, with sunlight MIMS calmly on the landing on which it stands, two little children marching up the flight beyond, and an old woman coming down the lower one. That is all-and yet one stands to look at the old clock-to fancy one hears it ticking on the quiet, and then to shape the monotonous sounds into brooding memories of tat generations it has seen go by it-passing at Hst u coffins with difficulty brought round the cornet whilst it has gone on ticking by night nod day M tranquilly as it ticks now. " "And behold the vail of the temple was rent"-» glazed water-colour drawing by Mr. W. B. Scott-hu a curious effect. The rent looks so real a fracture, that you go up to see whether the glass be not jaggedly cracked. Coming to oils again, every one must stop to 1«' at, and will go back to look at. Mr. J. Fard's " Joto Anderson my Jo." Hackneyed as the eubject is, Mr FardhaB given it freshness by the admirable way in which he has caught its exact spirit, and the alon»' magical way in which he has painted the minute» details. To look at the picture is not so much AW looking at a picture, as like looking in at the door of s Scotch cottage with (physically) parvi-prying ey» The patches in the old man's cordurov. breeches, tM dull glow in the bowl of his half-smoked pipe, -» wrinkles, corded veins, and toil-damaged and flatt««» nails of the hands which the old man and woman Btu lovingly, are simply marvellous in their minute accu- racy. Both the faces are thoroughly Scotch. JoWj is particularly good-there ¡B a look of being tit*«1 by hia gude- wife's sudden gush of out-epoken ac- tion, mixed up with his hearty return of it. Aroguuj little lassie, who hsB been blowing the firei on«r knees, has paused in her labout to look round at on granny with a similar half.fond, half quizzingly funny expression. There is a picture-I forget just noir ra whom-not fur off, which is almost equally wonaW' in its execution, but wants a story or a sentT.enL( make the minute details seem worth the trouble w has been'spent upon them. A glazier ia a°°r mend a window, and is taking out the PBS*". Kt mcnts and scraping away the dry putty of tho oro» pane. The window seat is littered with the cram-< and little truncated prison- shaped bars, and eui Bhavings of putty. The angular fragments glitter uu Bide, and two or three can be seen together intm another and one another, with a vividness you the idea that; you would cut your fingers "J J touched that patt of the picture. A girl inside, who is carrying a geranium in a red pot away from the window-seat, is as startlingly real. " A Tempting Dish " by Mr. H. H. Couldery, is a funnily pretty little picture. Three kittens have got cn a table, upon which stands a bowl of gold-fish.; One little pusBy has been bold enough to paw out a fish, and stands over its ruddy.golden prize, puzzled' as to what is to be done with it next. . The other two,' with their little fore-paws and noses on the rim of the bowl, are gravely and yet longingly watching its ever circling inmates, SB if they were screwing up their courage to imitate their comrade's audacity. Cursory ns these notes have been, I fear that I have already let them overlap the space that they could claim, but I must find room for just a word on Mr. leighton's painted poem, "Helios and Rhodes." Taking for his subject the legend that, when, through his absence at the division of the earth amongBt the Inunortalp, the Sun had got no share, submerged Bhodes was brought up from beneath the hoarv sea to le his portion, Mr. Leighton has personified the island ¡ and bravely disregarding the masculine tor niination, has given his personification the form of a moat exquisitely lovely, rosy- hued, and rose- dropping maiden, whom the Sun God, stooping from a rosy golden haze, is gathering up into his arms. A more beautiful, softly beautiful, nude figure than the poet painter's " Ehodus" waB surely never limned j but, though the conception ia somewhat warm, the picture is still perfectly pure. There ia not the faintest nuance of i'iench pruriency in it. . j 