During the recent debate in tlie As sembly on the State Aid question some very pertinent facts were adduced by one of the speakers from the Broadway magazine. These facts conclusively snowea tnat voluntaryism in America was qaite sufficient to meet all the de mands of the nation for religious teaching and worship. From another quarter facts equally conclusive and more impressive are to hand. Jamaica furnishes a test of experience bettor even than America can-ever give. In 1865, the Episcopalian Church in Jamaica received as stipends and al lowances from the Consolidated Fund of England, L7100 ; from colonial funds, L30,278. Church repairs and other expenses paid out of the island re venue amounted to more than L8000 in the year. The totalrevenueofthe Jamaica Episcopalian Church derived from the State purse in one shape or another amounted to more than L45,000 per annum. Iu contrast with this spe cially stand the Wesleyan and Baptist denominations. These received no aid whatever from the Government treasury, but entirely depended on the willing- hood of their respective adherents. According to the official statistics of the colony of Jamaica in 1865, the Epis copalians had 87 places of worship, these having 46,434 sittings, and there being an attendance of 39,710. The number of Nonconformist places of wor ship is stated at 261; the sitting accommodation is calculated as sufficient for 127,000 persons, with an average attendance of 87,115. . As seen from the foregoing figures, and as staled in the memorial from which we extract, it appears that the Nonconformists provide three times as much religious accommo dation as the Episcopalians, and that the Nonconformist worshippers are more than twice the number of the Epis copalians. To any one acquainted with Jamaica life, it will hardly need he said that the Nonconformists are the poorer classes of the island. The Episcopalians, on the other hand, in clude the wealthier classes — the pro pertied men,- the employers of labour, and the governing class. All this is fully shown in the paper presented to the Colonial Office by some gentlemen who waited on the Colonial Secretary to protest against lie contin uance of the State grant to the Episcopalian Church in Jamaica. Pondering over the statistics thus sup plied, one cannot help feeling the injus tice of burdening the resources of the island for the relief of those who are well able to contribute, adequately for the support of their religious institu tions. For Episcopalians to plead ina bility, when their Protestant co-reli gionists and the Roman Catholics of the island liberally sustain their respective modes of worship, is simply absurd. The resources ot the island forsooth must suffer, and the inhabitants be more heavily taxed, so that professing Epis copalians might be spared the necessity of putting their hands in their pockets ana giving o their substance. We wonder that they are not shamed into a. refusal to touch a single farthing of the State money, by tbe action of their less wealthy fellow citizens. If those who receive this money could but show that they were doing more than those who receive it not, some plea for its con tinuance might be urged. It is not so. They are doing less. The work of die voluntaries outstrips by ar the work of those who take tbeoayo the State. No plea of poverty, no-.result-of work superior to that of others, can bo ad duced as reasons for moneys being any longer handed over to the Episco palians in Jamaica. Such also is the case elsewhere. Wo appeal to the churchmen of Victoria. Wc ask them if they are not wealthier, higher in position, and of greater influ ence than the religious bodies who do not touch the LOO, 000 ? They are, and they know that they are. The digni taries of the Episcopalian Church in Victoria mourn over the want of liber ality, not the want of wealth, among the laymen of the Church; but these ecclesiastics have not yet learnt the secrot that the State gift is hurtful — that it dries up the springs of gener ous giving, and that it makes men rely upon the nation's purse instead of trust ing only to their own. One question more we put touching the recipients of State-aid. Can they show greater re sults iu proportion to their numbers than denominations not taking the funds of Government? They cannot. The increase to their numbers annually is not so great, Blue books being the witness. Thoy are not the first to find their way to 'and provide reli gious teaching for the wander ing population of our goldfields, as fitfully they flit from place to place under the excitement of a rush. They are not foremost in securing for the .dwellers in tho bush the religious ser vices to which they were accustomed of yore. They are not the most influen tial in tho large centres of our city popu lation, nor the most effective in their work amongst the debased and criminal classes. The statement respecting the grant made to the Episcopalians of Jamaica may be asserted as touching the Episcopalians of Victoria. They can neither use the plea of need, nor urge the results of work done as reasons for continuing the grant. Siiadbs of politics are as numerous and as difficult to deflno as shades of colors. Yet some persons foolishly imagine that they have but to say that a man is a Conservative or that he is a Liberal, and at once he can be tabulated and rightly known. As well might any one say that a rose is red, and expect by this to convey the exact hue the flower bears. We have been led to notice this by the way men talk of Liberals. Speaking of a man, they say, " He is a Liberal," forgetting altogether that this term includes all phases of political character from red Radicalism up to slightly tinged blue Conservatism. Not only so, but real Liberals are of various orders. There is your philosophic Liberal, pure and simple. In a cold, clear, dry light ho reads political problems, and starting with first prin ciples he reasons his way along. Intellect solves everything. Such men as these are the most advanced of men. They must follow where argument leads. Oftentimes they surpass those who were in the field long before them, and go to extremes that to them are necessities of logio, hut to others incomprehensible. The names of Bentham, Mill, Fawcett, and Cobdbn will supply instances of the above description, and with them we are disposed to place Mr. Higinbotham and Mr. Michib. What a contrast does the Liberal in whom sentiment predominates present to these men! Bright is a specimen of this type. Liberalism with him is an instinct, an intuition ; part of his original nature, and not an acquired possession. He is pos sessed by it rather than possesses itj W ith- out reasoning he at once finds Himself alongside some movement, or principle, or assertion. To this class we think the most Liberals belong.. Why they do certain things they cannot at the time say, save mat it is by the force of attraction and impulse ; but they can afterwards analyse their feelings and find they are right in accordance with the liberal theory. Popular instincts thus work by feeling- and not by reason ing, though reasoning may come in afterwards to confirm the action taken. There is one feature of Liberalism which is most perplexing. We meet with men of democratic tendencies, but also of personal aristocratic leanings. Intellect liberal, sentiment exclusive, a phreno logist would say. Talk with such at the fireside, they are the most advanced, consistent, unflinching Liberals. Meet them in the excitement of a popular election, and they turn away from the mass, and Are found sensitively shrink ing from commonalty of men. These Liberals are among the anomalies of political life. They are a puzzle to themselves, a source of trouble to their friends, and a help to their foes. Not so bad, however, are these as those who call themselves Liberals because it suits them, hut who could be Tories elsewhere ; Monarchical or Republican, Radical or Conservative, it matters not which they are called on to he — either will suit them — as with a happy facility they make themselves at home in any company. It will be a good day for Victorian politics when true Liberals shall recognise each other, and with united forces eject all such from the Liberal camp. Just now too many of this sort can be found on both sides of the House, as supporters of the Ministry just ejected from office, and as sup porters of the Ministry just passed into power. Should Mr. Naylor prove a true prophet the male and female teachers of the colony are likely soon to enter upon a most blissful period. From a position that by the unthinking is deemed well nigh menial, these teachers are to he advanced to the front rank I In his lecture on Education Mr. N aylor states that " the time has not arrived,' yet it is rapidly approaching; when,; in the appreciation of the civilised' world, instructors of youth shall take' precedence of the money-getting and fortune-spending classes ; when women of fashion and ladies of quality shall- be ranked lower than female teachers, in the scale- of cultivated society. Honor is beginning to be awarded on higher principles than those which governed the judgment of past ages ; and ere long the youth of Australia shall be taught moral philosophy— the knowledge of men and things, the knowledge ot themselves — by the most talented men and women in the colony." It is a fortunate thing for the colony that our school teachers have unde'rgono a training in adversity. Such a prospect as the above would, we fear, turn the heads of a class who had not been so long subject to depressing influences as the in structors of our youth. Neither they nor our readers will take such a cheerful view of pedagogic status for the future as does Mr. Nay- loh. The cry is heard from every teacher in the colony, that instead of their office becoming magnified it is daily suffering depreciation in the public estimation. The fact is to be deplored, for one of the greatest evils that a country can suffer from is a want of respect for the teacher's position. We wish, therefore, that Mr. Navlor may be correct, though our pessimism and that of all teachers in the colony forbids the hope of such being the case. Political.— To-night Mr Vale opens tho campaign at Collingwood. It ia aeeertod that Mr Vale intends carrying on tho contest with nnllagging earnestness, and has made up his mind to win tho battle. Mr Rolfe left this morning lor G.-owlands. Mr SamnelB' friends say that Mr M'Ksnn will have uioro than enoagh to do to retain tho honours of Mary borough. For West Boutko the selection of a candidate has not yet been made, knt will in all probability be iixod before the day is out. Ripon and Hampden has two willing to contest tho fight, hat the choice is not yot made. For the other constituencies nothing definite is knows. From a resident at Broadmcadows we heard to-day that a requisi tion was to he got dp calling en Mr M. L. King to resign his seat on account of his recent vote. The elections coming off will be u sure test of the feeling hold by the varions constituencies. According to the Ararat Advertiser, there is but Iiltlo doubt — if the present tomper of the Crowlnnds people holds — that the mover of the voto of " want of confidence" iu the M'Calloch Administration will liud himself sadly in want of tho confidence of his constituents — inaword, that ho will be defeated. Neither he nor Mr Blair havo satisfied tho elootors, end thoy openly declare that they will be only too glad of an opportunity for getting rid of the pair of them. The Pleasant Creek News ot yesterday Bays that it ia not Mr Moynard Ord's intention to enter the lists against Mr Byrne for Growlands, as that dnty will be under taken by Mr Wakoham, member of tho Ararat Mining Board and of the Stawoll Shire Gonneil. Oar contemporary also Btates that a moBt influential requisition was presented to Mr Campbell, asking him to stand, bat ho declined. The same psper announces that Mr Byrne will address tho oleotors at the Assem bly rooms, Pleasant Creek, on Satarday evening. Mb W. Goant.— From our obitnary notices it will bo seen that this gentleman, a brother of : tho lato Minister of Lands, died last night, at the residence of his brother-in-law, Mr D. Blair. For somo time past Mr Grant has been in a very prcoarions state. His removal from Pleasant Greek to Melbourne was resorted to as a means of amendment of health, bnt his constitution was so far shattered as to proolude any strong hopeB of such a result. Ex-Mihisterh. — Yesterday Mr G. P. Smith might have been seen exercising his forensio skill as of old in the County Court. Between dolling the cestnmo of oifico and donning tha barristerial robes Mr Smith has not loat any time. iuteravens' Boll. — The ratepayers' roll for Melbourne mast either have been eompiled with great core, or olse political apathy mnat be very great. We find from the notiao paper affixed at tho Mechanics' Institute, and signed by the town clerk, that no objections have been taken to the prepared list. Some few olaimg for insertion have been lodged, but no protests. Had the Constitutional or Loyal Liberal Association been in existence some difference would have been seen. Velocipedes. — Collins street at night is the velocipede arena of Melbourne. A numbor of peraons career wildly, like the wild huntsmen, up and down tho etreet, regardless of tho safety of pedeetrians. The Bnrke and Wills monu ment is the halting place, and after taking rest there these ruthless invaders of qnietness fly round the monnment in eocontrio gyrations. Last evening while a female was passing, an individual on a bicycle rushed past her at a swift pace, and his wheel caught in the skirts of her dross. The unprotected female gave uttoranco to crios of alarm ; bnt the bold rider, deaf to her fears, sought to continao his on ward course. Jast in the nick of time a. gen tleman oame on the scene, and by a judioions blow on the ear applied to tho wonld-be per petrator of the " Itape of the skirt" nneeated him, and released tho captured fair one. The velocipe&an; scrambled to his feet, mounted his vehicle without a word, and was quickly out of Bight. Geneiul Latuam.— A committee of Ameri can citizons, who hod been appointed at a meeting held on Wednesday, waited on Gene ral Latham yesterday to consult him as to when it would bo most convenient to givo him a farewell complimentary banquet. It was de cided that the ceremony should take place at Cohn's Hotel, Sandridge, on Tuesday next Tho necessarily limited number of tiokets have been already taken up, and the committee have made such arrangements as to ensure a perfect success. ' OuHinussEs, — We find that the number of these vehicles now running through the oity is likely to be considerably increased. Ten new ones of colonial manufaotnre are expeotod to be soon eut of the makers' hand, and twelve ordered some time ago from America will pro bably be soon landed. The Sandridge and Emerald Hill people are very dosirons that a route Bhould be farmed throngh their localities, and Bteps are being token to make suoh arrange ments with the railway company as will permit of a level crossing over the lino, so that the busses may ran over the Qaeen-street bridge, and along the Varra Bank en route to Emerald Hill and Sandridge, Diamonds in the |Bendigo Disinioi. — A telegram was received by the Bendigo Advertiser last night from Mr Crisp, jeweller, Queen street, Melbourne, informing that journal that a stone which had been sent to him' from Sandhurst to examine, is a diamond. This, the first Bondigo diamond we have heard of, was wo beliovo found ia the Epsom distriot. It is said that tho Leviathan Gold Mixing Co., near Ballarat, have unearthed a nuggot weighing 41b 9oz. We perceive, by the Ovens Spectator, that William John Smith, alias Jack the Sailor, was arrested at Wahgunyah on Monday last, on a warrant from Wangaratta, charged with an attempt at rape last Sunday at Dockers Plains, his intended victim being a girl named Alice Trigger, aged eight years. John Wallace alias Rufus, his been arrested at Moira, on a warrant from Howlong, charged with the ab duction of Agnes Byron, of Howlong, on the 10th nit. A Habd Case.— The feelings of the East Collingwood Bench were seriously appealed to this morning. About seven years ago an old lady called Mrs Wimpey wont to live with a Mr Hillier. She brought with her a quantity of furniture, the greater portion of wliieh was stored in a shed attached to the house. Mr Shaw, tho solioitor, who held the old lady's money, had paid tbe defendant regularly £1 por week for her board, lodging, and washing until 1st January of this year, when he sent Mrs Wimpey notice that he would not, or oould not pay any more. This notice was 'shown to Hillier, who then agreed to roduce his charge to 15s per week. He had not received any -money since the 1st of January, and 'had been obliged to tarn her out last Jane, after allow ing her to remain for twsnty-thrco weeks without receiving any money; Mrs Wimpey has since been admitted into tho Benevolent Asylum. Hillier then took possession of Mrs Wimpey's -furniture, and she brought the presont notion to recover it. Hillier intimated to the Benoh his willingness to accept £14 cash, and restore the goods, although his ,biU. amqunted to £17 5s. Ho said the furniture wonld bring abont £10. The; . case was dismissed. The Bench then gav Hillier, tbe defendant in the previous case, a verdict for £17 5s, due for board and lodging by Eliza Wimpey, the complainant. The old lady wept bitterly, and asked the Bench what she was to de, saying it was a hard case, she could not spare her farnitnro. Mr Harkcr replied thoy were awaro it ivas a hard case, bnt they could not holp it, and recommended her to go quietly back to the asylum, whereupon sho left l ho conrt in groat tribulation. An accident, expected to terminate fatally, is reported by the Star to have occurred at tho Method's', Chapel, Grassy Gully, on Sunday last. A lad, about twelve years of ago, named Brown, when rincing tho bill for service, pulled it olenn out of its settings down to his head, on which it inflicted a horrible gash, through which tho brain protruded, Tho doo- tors ontortain scarcoly a hope of his rocovory. What makes this occurrence tho. more hnrrow- iug is tho fact that tho father is absent on a shearing expedition, and has always boon averse to his children attending this cbape), they having beon brought np Catholics. County CounT Fees. — A doputalion of tho solioitora of Melbourne waited upon tho Attor- ney-Gonoral, yestorday, to reqnost him to re consider tho eoalo of solicitors' foes at presont made law under the now County Conrt Act. It was stated that if tho seaio were ndhered to, overy respectable practitioner would ho driven from tho Connty Conrt. It was nrged that both Mr G. F. Smith and Mr Casey had ex pressed their disapproval of tho now scala of feos, which, it was bclioved, had beon fixed by Judge Rogers. Tho Attorney General, in reply, stated that ho wonld consult with Judge Pohl- maD, before the date when tho rales wero to come into oporation, and promised to givo tho matter his fullest consideration. He further statod that if ho found tho charges to be fixed at an unfair rate, he wonld deoline to gazette thom until an alteration was made. Benevolent Asylum. — The eommittoo of tho Benevolent Asylum hold their usual weekly meeting yesterday. It was reported that two inmates had loft the houso daring the past week. Tho numbers in tho institution were — men, 3C5 ; women, 159. Toti), 524. Tbe deaths of James Timmins, William Barker, and Jcseph Powell wore roported, nad tho meeting closed. Pauvious to Mr M'CulIoch leaving officii ho did an act of justice to a very old resident of Ballarat, says tho Courier. When tho lato Mr Hamilton, senior turnkey of the Ballarat gaol, died, efforts wore made to givo tho ap pointment to a turnkey in tbo Ararat gaol, who had only been in tha str7:co soma four or five years. Tho matter was first brought under Mr M'Cnlloch'e notice iu these columns, and sub sequently by Mr James ; it being represented to Mr M'Calloch that the officer justly ontitled to tho promotion wns turnkey Pinniger, who had been on tha staff of tho Ballarat gaol for over oloven years, Mr M'Cnllocb at once made inquiries into the matter, and finding that tho representations made to him wero sound, de cided that Pinniger should bo promoted to tho.' vaconoy, and yesterday his appointment arrived at the gaol. Lucky Find.-- -Tho son of Mr Tregonning, of tho Black Ball hotel, CreBwiolr, whilo op his way to school on the morning of 23rd Sep tember, picked np in the middle of the road near the Wesloyan school a nagget weighing rather moro than 4oz lldwt, and which was. sold for £18 Ot. A telegram from Sandhurst contains the. information that a 30oz nugget was fonnd yes terday at tho head of tho Shoopwash Creek by a " hatter." Hdmbuo. — We havo to-day received this week's Humbug, published on Wednesday last. The oartoon roprosentg Mr M'Cnllooh as the politioal " Tommy Dodd," bnt we cannot com pliment the artiBt on the resemblanoe. The leading topics of tho day find a place in tho reading matter. Tho most happily treatod subjects are, " Rhodopis in Melbourne," a poem a la Swinbnrnc, and a dissortationjon traot distributors. Footdall. — A match will bo played on the Metropolitan gronnd to-morrow afternoon be tween the 2-14th Regiment and Melbourne Club ; play to commence at 2.15 p.m. Both sides will be stroDgly represented, and a body of police will bo on tho gronnd to keep the playing space clear daring tho 'game. Tbe following gentlemen havo been chosen to play on behalf ot the Melbourne Club : — Messrs Barker, Bruford, Byrne, Carr, Colles, Duff, Finloy, Freeman, C. Forrester, J. Forrester, Goldsmith, H. C. Harrison, captain ; E. Harri son, Hephnrn, M'Cracken, M'Lennan, Petrie, Ryan, Riggall, Thomas. The Collingwood and Surrey Football Clubs meet in the Richmond paddock to-morrow, when the following will represent Collingwood: — Azzopardi, J. Clark, Trudgeon, Webb, T. Kneen, Captain W. Kneen, Murphy, Brooks, Punch, Watts, Pleasants, Arthur, Thurgarland, C. Clark, Mitchell, Lewis, Iddles, Clapham, Indle, Collins. Emergency: M'Keiver, May- ston, and Horan. Tiie following are tho playors who havo been chosen to represent tho Carlton Football Clab in the forthcomiag match at Gselong : — Messrs J. Conway (captain), Gay, Duncan, O'Brien, F. Hilsden, C. Hilsden, T. Marshall, W. Wil liams, Kennedy, Tm. M'Carthy, M. M'Caxtby, Joimstono, Soathey, Dobson, Power, Glonnon, Robertson, Clarke, Shnrpo, Jones, Azzopardi, Barfoot, Gorman, and Harris. Honsu stealing. — A man named Richard WatBon was yesterday approhondod at St. ICilda, charged with horse-atoaling at tha Bris bane Ranges, and, having been taken before a magistrate, was remanded to Steiglitz. At the St. Kilda Police Court to-day there was only one small debt cubo of no interest. LEcruitE at Williamstown. — A lecture was delivered iu the Wesloyan Chnroh, Williams- town last evening, in aid of fnnds for the above church, by Mr E, G. Figg, M.D. Subject : " Woman's position in civilised life." Mr Mason, M.L.A., was voted to tho chair. The lecturer urged that woman should be placed on nn equality with man, and should be quito as eligible to enter upon eithor the medical, the political, or the scientific arena. At the conclusion of the lectare, a vote of thanks to tho lecturer, proposed by the Rev. Mr King, and seconded by Mr Banting, was ananimonsly carried, and also a vote of thanks to Mr Mason, for presiding. The doxology closed the proceedings. A Gnoss oats of imposition npon the com mittee of tho Ballarat Bonevolont Asylum has been perpetrated liy a woman named Ann Calinan, who was brought up yesterday at the Western court to auawor the oharge. It appeara, . sayB the Courier, that Bhe is the possessor of a Bam of £200, which sho has deposited in tho Savings Bank, and has been, np till last week in the receipt of rolisf from the asylum com mittee She put in a plea that sho was not aware that slio was doing wrong, and was willing, to reload what she bad had from the asylum. Mr Cathbert, on this, said ho would withdraw the caso, but Mr Gaunt was inolined ts send tho woman to prison for six monthB ; howover, in consideration of her being a widow with six children, ho dismissed her with a severe reprimand. Fatal Mining Accident.— Wo leain by tolegraph that a miner named Charles Oliiion was accident illy killed yestordny morning by a fall of earth, in the London and Melbourne claim, Ballarat, Habes at naneeb-naueeb A correspon- dontof the Hamilton Spectator states that on visiting a retired spot in tho looality of Nareob- Naroeb first one and then another fine hare left cover end bounded off before liim. He oonnted no less than half a dozen in abont fifteen minutes, one a fine leveret apparently abont four months old. PiiEsuvTEiiiAN. — Wo learn that the R3v. Mr Robb has accepted the call of the Presbyterian body of Albniy, and that ho is expected to con- : daot Divine serviae on tho second Sunday in Ootober, ami his induction to the charge of the chirch will take place abont the 12th prox. West Melbouiike Literauy Institute. — This evening an essay in defence of novel reading will be given by Mr Lennon at the above inslitute. Supreme Court. — After wo went to press y.'eterday tho case of Wakefield v. Parker, an action relative to a right-of-way, was con cluded, judgment being, reserved. In re Hodgson v. Hodgson, the aoart aocedcd to the application of Mr liolroyd that instructions be .given to tho Master to award costs to the petitioner, sb tbe Master deolined to do so as his Honor had declined to mention oostB in mating a decree for a divorce. The pleadings in the appeal esse of the Aladdin Gold Mining Co. v.- Aladdin and Try Again Gold Mining Co. were opened, after which the Conrt ad journed. At the Hamilton Police Conrt on Monday, Alexander Thomson was charged with having threatened to cut the throat of Agnes Thorn- eon, and on anothor ocoarion with having He- 1 clarcd ho wonld pat her on tho fire and barn her. The caso was not gono into, and defend ant was remanded eight days for tlio piodnotion of evidence. On Wednesday afternoon Jeremiah Da-oy, landlord of tho Rock of Cashol Hotel, South Molbourno rcnl, Ballnrat, drew tho sum of £192 from one of tho banks at Ballarat, and then proceeded to get drank. At about 5 o'clock, says tho Star, .lie gavo a cabman 10s to drive him home. The cabman drove him about half way homo, and then loft him iu the North Meibonruo road, where ho remained aslcop until 7 o'olook, whon his son, .who was proceeding homo in his dray, fonnd him. It was then disaoverod that tha money which Darcy had whon ho got into tho cab was mis sing. Tho inattor has, of coarse, been pat into tho hands of tho police. Steam Navigation Boabd. — Tho inquiry into tho collision between tho ship Palm Tree and the pilot schooner Rip was concluded yes terday. Joseph Delaordo, a master mariner, who had bad considerable experience in tho management of pilot boats, gave evidence in favor of the pilots. Captain J. S. Atwood, of tho Somersetshire, was oalled by the board as an expett, and bis evidence wont to show that the oondnct of the captain of tho Palm Tree had been seamanliko and proper. Mr Road addressed tho conrt for tho defence, and inveighed against tha partiality that had been displayed by Captain Frcyer ( ens at the board) for tho pilots. Captain Freyer oontonded that the remark was nnoallcd for, and ought not to be allowed. Mr Pavcy spoke on behalf of the pilotB, and tho board, after considerable delibe ration, gavo tbe following docision : " In tbe matter of tho collision bctweon the Palm Tree and the Rip, tho board are of opinion that tho pilots aro to blasao for not properly handling thoir vessel." PALiNunus has not oompliod with tho requisite condition of forwarding his name, aud therofore his letter cannot be inserted. Caulyield Union Cnuncn.— The first of a series of literary end musical entertainments will be given at tho above chnroh this evening, at half.prBt soven. Benevolent Asylum Bazaar. — A meeting of tho ladieB and ratepayers of Fitzroy was held yesterday evoning, tho chair being ocoupied by the mayor, to take steps for providing a stall or stalls at the bazaar in aid of the now wing of the Benevolent Atylnm. It wu3 agreed that the ladies of Fitzroy should bo invited to con tribute a share towards tho proposed bazaar. At tho snggestion of several ratcpayora it was agreed that the council should bo asked to con tribute tbo sum of £50 towards tho Fitzroy ladies stall, and the mayor promised to put tho matter befcro the coancii in a favourable light at thoir next meeting. A committee, con sisting of tho borough oonnoil and Mesdames Barlow, Walker, Kidney, Best, Grant, Leth- bridge, M'Lean, Clarke, Wardell, Serrell, Coozp, BateB, M'Kean, Reevee, Everard, Watkins, Michael, Lnsher, Maoonougb, Rowe, Gilchrist, Hamildon, Haddon, and Edwards, with power to add to their number, was formed. The Lord Bishop of Melbourne is announced to proaoh in AU Saints' Cburcb, Sandhurst, on Sanday ovening, and on the succeeding Friday to lecture in the Sandhurst orderly room upon " Soience and tho Bible." Lecture at Emerald Hill. — Mr J. H. Thompson, M.A., gave a lectare last night, at the Mechanics' Institute, to a very appreciative audience. His snbjeot was, " Some resnlts from the neglect of mental culturo." At some length, and with considerable perspicuity, tho lecturer roviowed the varions periods of human reoerd — the thoologioal or superstitions, the metaphyeicaljor mystic, and the positive induc tive or affirmative present — pointing out tho ignorance and misreadings of eaob, and show ing the necessity for menial onltnre and discrimination in tho use of words, distinguishing those whioh had and those that bad no meaning. Giving instances of this bad practice, he nrged npon his hearers the necessity of reading themselves, to . enablo them with advantage to read the eondnot of those gone bofore. Ho also observed that ' it was impossible to effectively oritioise aota of others, unless by a comparison one was able to realise feelings of others also, and that'.thero wes no sorer way to aid in the ad vance of intelligence and soionce in the com batting' the giants superstition and mystioism, than by pointing ont wherever praotioable the evils of, noglooted mental onltare. A vote of thanks moved by Rsv. Dickenson, seconded by Mr Edwards, was pat to tho meeting by the chairman (Mr drivers), and carried by accla mation. | JMr Cha'-'. Holly, the popular female daneer of Weston and Hassey 's Minstrels, will take his first benefit in Australia this evening at the New Opera-honBe. A special programme is announced, to inclnde a new eketoh of " The Miachievons Monkey," with Holly as tho ape, Harry Kelly's " Happy Old Man," " Tobias and Biancas,'.' and " The Ghost in the Pawnshop." It is to be hoped that this clover dancer will be liberally patronised. 