THE POPERY OF RITUALISM; or, romanism in the church of england (By John Search.") No. III. - ' At the close of tiur last article, we inti mated' our intention to' allow the' Prayer hook to speak for itself ; this we shall do in our present, and, it may be, in some future papers. Before proceeding to direct quotation, it may he well to call attention to the Calendar prefixed thereto. This is a much neglected, ill-under stood, yet very, interesting portion of the volume. It casts considerable light upon the origin of the hook, as well as upon the views and tendencies of its com pilers and subsequent revisers; and a care1 ful study of its contents will very ma terially strengthen the conclusion to which wo have already been brought, viz., that the Prayer-book was, in the main, derived from Popish sources, and that the object of each separate revision and altera tion was to bring it into closer conformity with its Romish original. In tho Calendar of the first Book of Common Prayer, whieh appeared in 1549, nothing appeared excepting festivals of our Lord, of the Virgin Mary, and ofthe Apostles. In 1552, the names Mary Magdalene and Barnabas were omitted ; the latter it is thought by an error of the printer, as the Collects, &c.;, for thb day, were still retained. The names of. "St. Clement, St. Laurence, and Lammas day (or Loaf-Mass day, it having been the custom of the Saxons to offer on tHat 'ffay an oblation of loaves made of new wheat, at the first fruits of their harvest.) ' Iri 1553 the change' from the Calendar of 1552 was slight, the name of St. Clement being dropped, and the name of St. Barnabas restored. . By order of Queen Elizabeth it was reviewed in 1561 and brought very nearly into its present state. Two additions" were made at the revision in 1661, viz., St. Alban and' the, Venerable Bede. In every case the title "saints" was omitted from the Cal endar until the last revision in 1661 ! ! In addition to the feasts to be observed' in honour of our Lord, the Virgin Mary, the Apostles, Michael, and all Angels, John the Baptist, Monday and Tuesday" in Easter, and Whitsun Week, . there are sixty-six minor Festivals, commonly called "The Black-Letter Saints' Days."" In the Churcmah's Diary we are told that — "sixteen of these are of Eastern' origin, seventeen are British, fifteen are. French, two are African, one Spanish, sixteen Italian 'or Sicilian. Of these 31" commemorate persons or events before the, first General Council in. 325 ; 19 belong to the interval between the. 1st and 6th Council in 680; 7 between that date and the schism between the East and West in the 9th century, aud 10 belong to the pe riod subsequent to that division." The following are among the saints whose names are found in this section. SS. Lucian, Hilary, Prisoa, Fabian,' Agnes, Vincent, Blasius, Agatha, Valentine, David, Chad, Gregory, Edward, Benedict, Richard, Ambrose, Alphege, George, Dun- stan, Augustine, Nicomede, Boniface, Switbin, Margaret, Mary Magdalen, Ann (Mother of the Blessed Virgin Mary), Giles, Enurchus, Cyprian, Jerome, Remi- gius, Faith, Denis, Crispin, Hugh, Cath erine, Lucy, &c.;, &o.; The reader will find, if he takes the Calendar of the Ro man Missal, and compares it with that found in the Book of Common Prayer,- that nine-tenths of the entries in the lat ter are copied from the former. Nor is this the whole truth ; for it must be re membered, that as this saint and liero- worsbip is not only without foundation in the Word of God, and opposed to its en tire spirit and tendency, but that it is of Romish origin and growth, the Book of Common Prayer is therefore in this de partment at least-, altogether Roman. The reader will find in the Calendar of' the Prayer Book " certain solemn Days for which particular services are ap pointed." The 29th of May for instance, has opposite to it the name of King Charles II., and is directed to be kept in memory of the birth and return of that prince. That the name of this most pro fligate and unprincipled monarch should eyer have found a place in that Calendar .is humiliating enongh, but that it should have been suffered to remain there for more than 200 years, and that it should still be found therein, is an insult to the common sense and to the right feeling of Englishmen. Charles II. enrolled amoDg the saints of our, national Church ! Why the thing is monstrous ! ! But this is the natural result of a wrcng principle, for if men are to be received into the Cal endar, if their names are to be dragged into the worship of God, it is very easy to see that in a world like this, where time- „ serving, liypocrisy, self-interest, bigotry; cowardice and other kindred passions play so conspicuous a part, that it will he very difficult to draw a line of distinction, or to say who shall be received, or who shall be rejected. But it is time we should call attention to the doctrinal tendencies of tho Prayer Book. We shall begin with Baptism ; the following are among its ut terances : — Then shall the Priest say — Seeing now dearly beloved brethren, that this Child is regenerate, and grafted into the Body of Christ's Church, let us give thanks unto Almighty God for these benefits, and with one accord make our prayers unto him, that this Child may lead the rest of his life according to, this beginning." " Then shallithe Priest say ; We yield thee hearty thanks most merciful Father, that it hath pleased thee to regenerate this infant with the Holy Spirit ; to re ceive hiih'ifor tliine own child by adoption, and ici/y incorporate him into thy holy Oi.urch.- ..And humbly we beseech thee to grant, that he being dead unto sin, and living unto righteousness, and being buried with Christ in his death, may rirucify the old-man, and utterly abolish the whole body of sin ; and that as he is made partaker of the death of thy Son> he may also be partaker of his resurrec-. tion ; so thai finally with the residue of thy holy Church, he may be an inheritor of thine everlasting kingdom through Christ our Lord." ; " It is certain; by God's Word, that children which are baptized; dying before ..they. ,commi t /actual sin, are undoubtedly /flayed;" . .See. Public Baptism of Jnfants.\ ; ,, Then shall the ; Priest say. : We re-' ceive thisperson into the congregation ;of Christ's flock, and do1 sign him. with the -sign of the Gross ; in token that hereafter -he shalL not. be ashamed to confess the fruth of Christ crucified, and manfully ,to .'fight under, his banner, &c; , &c.;" « Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, tha# these persons . are regenerated- and grafted into the body of Christ's Church ; let ius give i thanks unto Almighty God for these, benefits, and with one accord make fur prayers unto him, that they may. lead ithe rest of their lives according to this obogining." "Give thy -Holy Spirit to these persons, -that' being Jnow rborn again, and made; uheirs/of everlasting sal vationthrough our eLord Jesus Christ, &c.;" ! i " And as for you, who have now by -baptisnrput on Christ, it is your part and duty, also, being made the children of ,'Gcd, and of the dight by faith in Jesus -Christ, . to walk accordingly to your christian 'Calling, &c.;" See . Baptism- for such as.are of Riper Years. ( - The following is from the Catechism : — > /ffiWho gave ;you this . name ? My.god- ! fathers and godmothers in my baptism ; orthereinT-wasmade a member of Christ, ithe: child of God, and an: inheritor of the .Ikingdom of iheaven." '- "iWhat is' the outward and visible sign or "form in Baptism ? Water; wherein Abe person is baptized in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy wGhost. What is the inward and spiritual -grace? A death unto sin; and a new f'birth 1 unto righteousness ; 'for being by nature born in sin, and' the children of <4rrath>'-we are hereby made :the children 4<of (grtce." i y'The following is' from one of thepray- 'ers in -The Order of Confirmation : ""Almighty and "everlasting God, who 'hatt vouchsafed to regenerate these thy 'servants by water and ' the Holy Ghost, and hast given unto them forgiveness1 of 'fill theirsins ; strengthem them, &c.;,Ac;" In 'tbe ' Order for the 'Burial of the Dead, the Priest declares : over the grave of ' all 'who have 'been baptized, (with two ex ceptions, viz., the excommunicated, and 'the selr-murderer), whatever may have ' beeh their feligious opinions or their moral conduct; that "Almighty God in his great "mercy has taken their soiils unto himself," rfirid that he commits the body to the dust, —-"In sure and certain hope of the resur rection 'to eternal life;"- — and addresses "Almighty God in the most solemn man ner in these words; "We give tbee hearty thanks, for that it hath pleased rthee to deliver this our brother out of the miseries of this sinful world, &c.;" The IPriest may be aware that this very per son, throughout his entire life, had mani fested an utter disregard to everything . .like religion, and that, after years of scan- y'dalous and wicked conduct, had died with- jout.. giving any evidence of repentance. .''Yet he has no discretion hut must use the , very words prescribed for him by his 'Churoh, or subject himself to the conse quences of disobedience. While the 0<Shurch is so very merciful and so very ,, /liberal, towards the hardened transgressor, y .she is so cruel as to class the unbaptized 0;infant, who for no fault of its own, has .passed away from the world without this .ordinance, with, the excommunicated, and 'the self-murderer! ! and. has declared that . -her Office shall not be used at the grave of , i cither, the one or the other!! ! ( See Rubric preceding the Order for the Burial . of . the 'Dead. ) Revolting and .atrocious i,as this may be, it is but ?the natural consequences of the Bap- .ijiismal theory of the English Church, vyihe .attention ' of the reader is also di- iirected to Article XVI. of this Church, , I which will be found to go upon the asump- _/,tion that the Holy Ghost is communicated . i in baptism. i; -, Wehave now before us something like ->fa<correct estimate of the teaching of the qPrayer-book, on the subject of; baptism, :band:will not have much difficulty in un ci rderstanding that teaching, provided the oiwords used mean what men in general -oundeirsfcand them to mean. I may inform w, the -reader that the Prayer-book as it now jivstab'ds .is much more' explicit, than the "(booksr published under ; the sanction of -geiihor Edward YI.,' or Elizabeth, and oddomes nearer to its Romish original. -sflBliat the 'reader may have 'an oppor tunity; for satisfying himself as to' the \0'nearness of the Prayer-book in is teaching, -ifto that, of - the 'standards of the Romish to Church; -we transcribe the following frotn -o the tG6raEN';/-'-'MAiroAL;'<' published1' 'by d'4ntliority of'Cardinal Wiseman. It is from a prayer used afc. baptism " God; Almighty, the Fathertof oar Lord Jesus Christ, who hath regenerated thee by: water, and the Holy Ghost,, and who hath given thee the remission of all thy sins, &c.;" In the Sacrament of Confirmation the Bishop says—" Almighty, everlasting God, who hath vouchsafed to regenerate these thy servants by water and the Holy Ghost, and hath, given unto them the re mission of all their sins," &c.;, &c; At; the Burial of Infants, the Priest says: — " Almighty and most merciful God, who,! unto all little children born again in the' .fountain of baptism, dost immediately; without any merits of theirs,, give eternal! life, when they depart ;out of this world,"! &c.;, &o.; In The Catechism of the Council of. Trent, we read: — "It fol lows baptism may be accurately and ap-; positely defined to be the sacrament of re-; generation. by .water, in the word. For by! nature we are 'born from Adam children of wrath, but. by baptism .we. are regener- atedin Christ; children of, mercy," &c.;,&o.; Speaking of Sponsors,: the same authority says: — " That there is very great pro-; priety in this practice /will be evident to all, if we recollect that baptism is a spiritual regeneration by which we .are born children of God,"i&c.; " So also it is necessary that those who by the waters of baptism, begin to live a spiritual life, shall be consigned to the fidelity and pru dence of some one from whom they m'y imbibe the precepts of the Christian re ligion," Jicc., &c.; See Buckley's transla tion, page 159, 168, 171. These quota tions might be multiplied to almost any extent, but IhiB is notour object. Our object is to give the reader of the Standard, an opportunity of comparing the teaching of the Prayer-book with the teaching of the . Romish Church, and of satisfying himself, of their identity so far at least as baptism is concerned. This we desire him now to do, and to tell us if he can, in the face of the. evidence produced, come to any other conclusion. Does the Prayer-book then teach baptismal regener ation ? If not, its language is very un fortunate, very .unmeaning/ very liable to mislead and deceive. If not, then we sub mit that this doctrine cannot be taught, that the English tongue has no words capable of iteaehing.it; and, moreover, if baptismal regeneration is not a doctrine of the Church of England, it is not a doc trine of the Churoh of Rome, for both Churches use exactly the same language when they attempt to describe the effects of this ordinance. We conclude, therefore, that baptismal regeneration is held and taught by both these Churches or by neither; to us this conclusion is inevitable. Itisnot ourpresent business to show that baptismal regeneration is contrary to the teaching of Holy Scripture ; that it is a delusion and a snare ; but that it is the doctrine of the Prayer-book, and that so far,: the Prayer-book is in harmony with Rome. That baptismal regeneration is taught by the Church of England ig a fact admitted by many of ' the ministers and dignitaries of that Church. We will close this paper with one example, it is from Addresses to Candidates for Ordina tion, by Samuel, Lord Biship of Oxford. Page 7.1, &c.; He says Be on your guard against private fancies : and for this end use all the Felps which tlio providence of God has given you to keep you free from them. For instance, do not allow yourselves to re-open as speculations, matters on which God's Word or the voice of the Church is clear. I need say little as to the plain duty of act ing on this rule when it is tho Word of God which speaks. Its lightest sentence must bo of course, supreme; and you must he deep, constant, practical, praying students of it, if you would ho sound and Btrongiri doctrine and indiscipline. It is as true now as it was in tho Psalmist's days, — " Thy word giveth light and understanding unto the simple." But remember also, that tho decisions of your Church must settle the question for you as her minister. You hold your commission of a teacher on this condition. You must, as an honest man, lay down that office if you cannot fulfil that condition. She, for instance, has distinctly condemned all the peculiarities of doctrine; (?) you have subscribed to thoir con demnation as the condition of receiving a com mission to be ono of her appointed teachers ; if you now approve of what you then con- dcmncd,'you cannot honestly cnntinuc'to exe cute an office which' you hold on the presump tion that you are always read7, without quali-. fication, or reserve, to renew that first sub scription. Again, she distinctly asserts the regeneration of all infants by' the act, of God in Holy Baptism, even when that Sacrament is administered by unholy hands, and though no one. save that ungodly minister, and perhaps an equally ungodly witness, he present, f You obtained, or arc to obtain, your commission as .a teacher, on condition of declaring your ' full as-ent and consent to this ' truth. If you do not believe it. you cannot, as an - honest: man, apply for or hold that commission. Guard your mind, then, from tho incursion of private fancies by using faithfully all theso assistances. 