T 13 Ü/VK It F I K Ii ». . [pnÓM Ot}n COnilESPONDENT.] . .¡TUKSIIAY Hie Jith iiiHthnt, wan a tiny to lio remembered ??' by thnao who' had read tho prophétie warnings of Saxby. _¿For,two days previously tho clouds lind been ti nvelling toVnrds tliis pince,'until tho nccumulntinn wns too much for the " attractive " character of this .mountainous district, nnd they burst in unmistakable * shnwers, accompanied with such penis of thunder that thero was doubts whether the tidal, wavo was to bo i expected from below or above. The creeks nod rivers were soon swollen, the swamps and boggy places rendered next to ImpnsMiblo. and a regret expressed by the writer that his Excellency had not been ? compelled to travel over such ground, instead of tho fine mid dry'Hip he hud from Brisbane to Sydney. The " tegrct " was only because ho would have known how dangerous and, at times, how impossiblo it was tn travel, forVvnnt of decent roads; niuo how many " duliors \ thcVp wcrVreccivIng salaries which would support IslsJllgVit aSxTqunliliod road- surveyors'. On friday rrrm¿&tuWny;,4]io lfltli and 10 tit instant, there . .? was ngaii\heav\ rains, but on Sunday olearcd off. Tho qJÉntry\ooki! splendid; thero will soon bo nn nburonnco \ of grass.-Wo aro expecting our new lilshop ink week ; I hnvo heard, nothing ns to any public Aemonstrntion, but I supposa there will be something of thc sort ; lhere will bc plenty of wurk for him during his sojourn herc to cottsectnto the ohureh and tho cemetery, to hold onllrmatlon, nnd preach next Sunday in our neut j little church, ftc, &e.-Business; dull, money scarce, but wc aro all cheerful in anticipation of hotter times. -When the arrangements between tho two colonies ara completa, this place is expected to again go ' ahead, farmers expecting great additions to their cus- tomer", which a good road to Grafton would hnvo given them yenrs ago. A local advocate, tho Tenter- field Times, will bo published on tho Otb November, when doubtless tho wants of the district will bo duly announced. It is reported that tho present, legis- lative member will not again offer his services, to the ciUKtilueney, nnd that B well-known solicitor (Mr. Abbott, of'Armidale) will solicit tho suffrages of tho electors. MAIUUAOIÍ IN HTGU LIFK.-A. private letter states-" Miss Gladstone, sister of Lady Belmore, proceeds to KngUnd by tho November mall to bo married to one of the " nicest" fellows in tho colony, i a gcntlein(ui of birth, worth, and largo fortune, n , native oflV colony, namely, Mr. W. H. Dumaresq, n sonnf tlVVto Captain Dumaresq. Mr. Duinnresq -' is to followltorwho December mnil-steamer, nnd thc '. marriage ls tsUXeelcbrWd in England. . It is really . n tlrht-cla.«R*^i»^\forV\li.''-YUM Courter. Iltrm TniA nf. liiArHHiiv QUEENHLANU.-At Maryborough^n tilt ôt\instiiiit, the tldo wns about, ti foot higher thnnVho average level of thc spring , tide?. A gentleman wm Hervey's Buy roports.thnt an. uuusuully high titb wns observed there ? on the ( snmo night, accompanied by violent atmospheric: and , 'electrical disturbances. Tho most striking part of tho phenomenon, however, appears to have been tho I extraordinary disttmco to which tho sea rctiri d at low wafer, completely laying baro enrol reefs that aro seldom or never seen on other occasions. Or. Friday uftcrnoon, Thomas Hickey, a child about '"'three years old, son of a farmer 'ut':Wnllalong, was 'drowned'in tho Paterson. The body was found floatingim tho river by tho Commissary-General, steamer. '.'* . ¡ . 'Tho Klama Pilot lins been informed that Mr. Jahn i M'Intyre, of Saddleback, a few days since cut down ] nn cnoimous hardwood treo, measuring thirty-six feet ? ¡in circumference The treo wim.peifectly holinw, with nri opening near tho ground, which wits sufllciontiv largo,, to admit .visitors, and animals have been put ' into .it for. protection tram tho inclemency of tho ' weatheri;,-,.,. ,1 . ... Petitions' havoVbron presented to tho Adelaide l^irllument.^mmeynislv signed, requesting that an 'Act may bo^htiodincdVnking it illegal for unccrti \ fled, persons tfnssuiuV tl\ title of doctor or surgeon. . j Tho West l^oiysej-VinoVtho Summer Islrind sugar , 'mills haye been set in Ypotatlnn. ' The/'. Frederickton ,-will commence crushingT ff rhonth. It is-reported; says th\ Shoalhaven correspondent ? ' of tho Kinma tmhpcmten\ that n gentleman in tho ' 'first-named district In nboufyo start a dally nqwspapor , lu Kiama, to bo oallod thc Kiama Ghost, ? Last Sunday evening, there was a heavy fall'of hailstones at Yass. Tho Malta, lakes from Melbourne two Victorinn built cai ridges to Ceylon for thc usc of thc Duke of Edinburgh. . . ^ 