'USELESS KNOWLEDGE. (From the Cornhill.) clever young man, I believe, paBBee through a stage of extravagant ambition. ^ He keeps his day-dreams to himself if he baB either common sense or modesty ; but at moments — and very pleasant moments they are — he BeeB himself enshrined in the memory of a grateful world, revolutionising svstems of thought, embodying the aspirations of mankind in undying verse, or scattering plenty through a smiling land, and reading his hiBtary in a nation's eyes. It iB well if, when those dreams dissolve under the pressure of real work, they leave him content with the modest share of glory or good conscience which falls to the lot of most of us. Whilst they last, the youth is frequently troubled, amongst other weaknesses, by a hankering after omniscience. Mo bounded field of knowledge satisfies his tuoyatit sense of unused power; he ie ready to plunge into scientific researches, to study universal history, to be a profound theologian and metaphysician, to be familiar with law iand politic*, and to soften his severer studies by an accurate acquaintance with poetry and the fine arts. It is an act of bitter self-denial when he first forces himself to recognise the fact that tbe human intellect is limited, and that the essen tial condition of utility in this world is te restrict oneself to a narrow field of labour. All know ledge is too vast a province for any one in these days'; we must be content to work in the confidence tbat our energies will be supple mented by those of our lellow-labourers, aad be satisfied it we have done any real service, however humble, towards helping on the im provement of the world. In time it becomes a positive source of pleasure to reflect upon ; the . \a8t fields of thought in which we are never . called to exert ourselves. I have heard a ' 1 man. of great ability express a sense of lmmiliatioh on walking through one of | the Universal Exhibitions ; at every step, he said, jcriet something which painfully reminded him ofhis own ignorance, and brought vividly before his mind the narrow limttB of his knowledge. I confess that the effect upon me is very j dif ferent. 1 have walked through acres of textile I fabrics, miles of ingenious machinery, tenfe of thousands of square yards of painting, 'vast accumulations of all the countless products of human ingenuity, and silently given thanks at p.','. every step, Here, I have exclaimed, is yet one more branch of knowledge 1 on which I am, and shall always remain, hope- , lessly, profoudly, and contentedly ignorant. Here, for example, is a steam-engine ; I have ' not the faintest notion how it is made, or what conditions are necessary for its success. If, by some reversion of the ordinary laws of nature, the tide of time would flow back with me, and set me down, say in the fifteenth century, I cpuld not convey the slightest information to the curi ous people who would doubtless flock round me. Somehow or other, I would say, if you put water into a boiler and light a fire under it, and make a complicated arrangement of wheels aad pistons, the thing will move and carry you in a couple of hours from London to Dover ; but if you want te know how it is done you must wait for two or three centuries. It is perhaps wrong to rejoice at not knowing something which, as people are always saying in public speeches, ought to.be famiiiar to every schoolboy of four teen ; but I pity that imaginary schoolboy, and rejoice sincerely that so many people are la bouring to remove from me every necessity of investigating the matter for myself. In the in genious romance of Sandford and Merton, a story is told of a gentleman and a carpenter, supposed to be cast away on a savage island ; and a moral is drawn for the edification of youth from the fact that the carpenter is much more valued for his power of making baskets than the gentlemin for his knowledge of Greek and Latin. The true inference would, of course, be that the savages were very stupid to value basket-making more than scholarship ; and it is a main advan tage to civilisation that it enables Bome classes to free themselves from mechanical toil. Yet, though we no longer share the delusion of the eighteenth century as to the superiority of min in a state of nature, we all too often listen to exhortations conceived in much the same spirit. 'What a shame it is, people exclaim, that we go through life knowing nothing of the most ordinary processes that are going on around us. What a comfort it is, 1 always reply to myself, that I can get on perfectly well without knowing how to plough, or to make my coats, or to cook my dinner, far less to make an electric telegraph. 'When Adam delved and Eve span, where was then the gentleman ?' He was an impossibility, and that circumstance must have been a decided 4raw1j{!(;k to the State of society in Paradise. go fat, iny confession may, perhaps, be re garded with indulgence. One may take a certain epicurean pleasure in the 6ight of the vast fields of knowledge which one is never destined to tread, and yet feel gratitude for those who consent to explore them, I may hug myself on my ignorance, and feel ao grudge against the knowing part of mankind. Yet 1 confess that I sometimes go a little further than this. There is something de pressing in the monstrous accumulation of facts which is going on all round us. There is a lots, as well as a gain in the results of all this amazing industry. . We cannot but envy the great men of old days who could be at once statesmen, and soldiers, and philosophers, and artists, and regret that it is daily becoming more difficult to be anything but an infini tesimal wheel in a machinery of boundless com plication. All the societies for the acquisition of i. useful knowledge, which spread and flourish V- around us, seem at times to be hostile to a genuine cultivation. We are aghast at the ' ' ' enormous quantity of ihings with which it is \- , possible, and sometimes necessary, to be ac ' ^V^iainted. Undoubtedly all such societies — iinot including the Social Science Association — ; their useB. 'We laugh at them, and pro ,tesjt gg/unst them, and end by admitting that flfey do' good service in their way. Yet I have sometimes thought lhat there will soon be room for' another society, which might be called the Society for tbe Suppression of Useless Knowledge — not so much as a direct opponent, hut as a necessary corrective to the energy of its rivals. The first meeting might be held in the reading-room of the British Museum. Scholars sometimes lament, er affect to lament, the burning of the Alexandrian Library, yet I cannot help fancying that they are occasionally laughing in their sleeves; and, that, if it depended upon a word, _ they would hesitate before tumbling put upon the world those masses of manuscripts .which are, fortunately or otherwise, beyond our reach for ever. Consider the countless volumes which encumber the world; and daunt all but . the most energetic students, and which owe their existence to the ancient literature now ia existence ; multiply them in proportion of the Temnant to the mass which once existed, and ask whether, by this time, we should not have been forced to do some burning on our own ac count. The British Museum itself always gives me a melancholy sensation. Suppose that any one Bhould read industriously for ten hours a day, he might, we will suppose, assimilate two or three average volumes in the time — assuming that he has previously acquired tbe sciences requisite for their due understanding. Even so, many single volumes would take months rather than days of labour. Let us admit, however, that in a year he has thoroughly digested a thousand volumes. In thirty years of uninterrupted labour at this rate he would have got through a very sniall fraction of the huge stores of literature which crush the shelves of that enormous collection. He would have traversed 6ne region of the great ocean of knowledge, and would- still Bee a boundless expanse extending before him. It iB enuugh to damp the appetite of the most determined bookworm to think of the liberal provision made for his cansumption. So far, however, the employment is innocent enough ; the most indomitable of literary glut tons l'eele that an ample feast is provided for him, and may, if he pleases, gloat over the pro spect. He may even bestow upon the world the result of his labours, and publish one of those books in which the mere list of authorities at the foot of the pages sends a shiver through the reader's marrow — especially if the reader is unaware of the display which may be cheaply made by the help of a few skilfully manipulated books of reference. But there is a more pai&ful; conclusion behind. Let us think, for example, of what history is rapidly becoming. Formerly, a man might be content if he dashed through a few centuries in as many pleasantly-written octavo volumes, remembered a short liBt of dates of royal accessions hnd [ battles, and some ef the floating anec dotes which have become proverbial. Now it takes as Jong to write hiBtory as to livfe it. Lord Macaulay began swimmingly, and took us through some, thirty years in a couple of delightful volumes; but, .as he oontinued, his plan expanded, and it became evident that, if he had happily been spared to complete . his original plan, he must have lived a century longer, and would have found that materials were accumulating faster than he could write down the results. The ideal history seems to he one in which we could trace everything lhat happened to everybody, and know what' he thought about it, and how far he was right or wrong. We are required to study all the State papers that were written, to follow the details of every negotiation, to form an opinion of every actor, to know all about tbe contemporary literature, and, in short, to be as familiar with all the events of some past epoch as the inhabitant of Little Pedlington with the gossip of his charming village. If the plan continues, it is awful to think ol the fate of historians in the i year 1969. '1 hey will have to read through all the daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly publica tions of the period, from the lists of births, deaths, and marriages to the Parliamentary re ports ; to study all the blue-books as conscien tiously ts a newly-elected M.P. ; to read all I the despatches of all the secretaries of state and ambassadors, and everything that was said in answer to them or about them by observers in foreign countries ; to study parish registers, and law reports, and tables of . statistics ; to go through the literature of the period, I irom ephemeral novels up to works on metaphysics ; to plunge into masses of manuscript letters and memoirs ; and after taking in this and much more, to digest it 'into some comprehensive whole. The history of a year, instead of being squeezed into a para graph, will expand over a Jong series of folios. The materials for such portentous labours are being conscientiously preserved and ranged in due order in the most accessible shape. Every private person of any sense has a periodical gaol delivery, and burns the heaps of correspondence which would otherwise make our house uninhabitable, and choke every cupboard and available receptacle. The nation, so far from imitating this prudent precaution, preserves every scrap of paper — useless rubbish or invaluable document?— as though print were more sacred than human life. Are we not laying up stores ofknowledge which will go far to drive some future philo sopher mad ? Would not such a society as I have mentioned be discharging a useful function if it were to burn, sink, and destroy some ninety-nine hundredths of the waste paper which, as it $eems without hyperbole, the world itself will scarcely be able to contain. When we were at school, history was surely a pleasanter thing. We did not, it is true, know so many facts as are. now considered essential to a well-regulated mind. If we com plain that our memories are in danger of being swamped, and impatiently tax our remorseless crammers with pedantry, we are, I Know, sternly reproved. A love of truth, it is said, is desirable in itself. No pains that are suffered ia the service of truth are superfluous ; , and truth of all kinds is desirable for its own sake, and a sufficient reward for the patient inquirer. The argument surely confounds two ivery different things. It is not a question between truth and fiction ; but between knowledge and ignorance. There are many things which ought simply to be consigned to oblivion, because they are of no real use to any human being, and are so much dead weight on the memory. A veiy similar con&sion; is constantly turning up in disputes about art. If we complain of the photo graphic style of painting, in which every trifle is conscientiously imitated, in the apparent {belief that our eyes are microscopes, we are taxed with a want of love for truth. Truth has nothing to do with it. The ultimate objject of art is to affect our imaginations, not to record the greatest possible number of facts. Labour bestowed upon subsidiary objects is not' only thrown away, but positively weakens the -effect by distracting our minds. It is undoubtedly necessary that whatever is represented should be represented faithfully, for otherwise it would have no interest for us ; but it does not follow tbat as many things as possible should be repre sented. History, in the same way, if it is understood to mean an account of everything that ever happened, would include vast masses of rubbish that ought to be left to unbroken repote in the dusthole. Dryasdust and his brethren have filled libraries with profoundly learned speculations, and, when they did abuse each otber like pickpockets, have kept up an exchange of elaborate compliment, which Ihe poor innocent public has naturally taken in good faith. Who wrote the letters of Junius 1 Who wa6 the man in the iron mask ? Where did Juiius Cassar land in Britain? To these and hundreds of other questions of a similar kind, many persons would answer himply, ' We don't care.' It does not; make the very slightest difference in any ppsBible way. Somebody wrote Junius who was dead and buried a good many years back, and their influence on politics was juBt the same whoever was the author. The simplest plan would surely be to follow the precedent of the naval captain, who mates it 12 o'clock; Let ? us aEsume, in future, that Sir Philip Francis was the writer ; the- S. S. U. K. would be en trusted with the destruction of all evidence and ; all arguments making in a contrary direction ; 1 the future historians of the eighteenth century would be relieved from a very thankless task, and nobody, so far as I can see, would be one penny the worse. In the same way I would decide, once for all, that Julius Caesar landed (say) at Deal, and insist \- pon the question being finally laid -n the shelf, and antiquarians turning heir energies to some more fruitful field. -? uch disquisitions have had their use, like the pieces of imaginary gold for which the old man in the fable advised his sons to dig in the vine yard. They bave incidentally produced a great turning-over of original authorities, and thrown light upon more important inquiries. But this is an inducement for children ; we are old enough to know what is really valuable, and to seek fcT it systematically and straightforwardly. It is useful to give boys puzzles to exercise their arithmetical talents ; but when they grow to he real mathematicians the puzzles sink- to their proper plcce aB mere playthings. It must be added, too, though here 1 confess that my ground is logically weaker, that there are some cases in which the weakness of the flesh leads one to prefer fiction to truth. Whilst we grow doubly anxious to investigate useless matters of fact, we remorselessly sweep away all the charming fables in which we once rejoiced. To say nothing of Romulus and Remus, of King Hengist and Korea, and all the pleasant heroes who had the one fault, and that fault shared with many of the most delightful companions of our school-days, of having never existed, we are in real danger of losing all our villains. Tiberius and Caligula are being changed into amiable monarchs. liichsrd 111. was an excellent uncle, who spoilt his nephews, instead of smothering them ; and in the words of the poet, ' Never a monteter need now despair, and every knave has a chance.' It is true that, hy way of compen sation, some excellent characters are beingsadly mauled, and the romance ruthlessly stripped off our ancient idols. It is impossible to see the process without some regret. All visitors to Oxford may remember the grotesque heads, covered with grime, and with highly comic ex pressions, produced by various accidents to their noses and cheeks, which used to stand upon pedestals round the theatre. The last time I paid them my respects, I was shocked to observe lhat they had been going through the process which we facetiously describe as restoration. Their green visages had been scraped, chiselled, and filed down, till they wore a most irreproachable and insipid simper. To my eyes their beauty had entirely departed, and they looked like the noble savage of £ct:on, dressed up in a black coat and a white tie. The process deserves imitation in one respect; for it would be a great saviog if, in stead of erecting new monuments to recent benefactors of their species, we could plane down some of the old ones into new forms, and, for example, convert an ugiy old Charles I. into a bran-new GeoTge III. But I confess that tbe change conveyed on the whole a nulancboly moral to my mind. Tlut is the process. I said to myself, through which all our dear old villains are being replaced in history. Ihe ancient monuments are being scrupulously restored, which, in official langu age, means destroyed, or at least flayed alive. Before long we shall not have a villain to quote in a paragraph. Every old hero, who cut his rivals' throats, strangled his wives, and mas sacred bis subjects, is being converted into a likeness of a comfortable, well-dressed citizen, with everything handsome about him. It dees them no good, and deprives us of a great deal of harmless amusement. When our descendants have to refer to Robespierre, instead of leading him, like our grandfathers, with every epithet that indignation and horror could suggest, tbey will be obliged to speak of him as that amiable, if misguided patriot, whose excel lent intentions sometimes led him into measures which, if we only knew what they were, we might possibly condemn from our improved point of view, but which seem to have been, on (he whole, in harmony with the moral code of the times. For when it is impossible to deny that a man has com mitted crimes, it is always open to us to point out that crimes in one century cease to be very criminal in another. What with softening down shadows and slurring over lights, the clear dis tinctive history of former days, in which every men was a saint or a ruffian, is being toned down into a monotonous record of common place people without a single deviation from the average standard. Surely it is permissible in these days of universal respectability to regret the change for a moment. If Richard did not smotheT his nephews, he ought to have done it,— or, at least, he ought to be held to have done it,— juBt to increase the pleasure with which infant mineis are initiated into history. I must admit, however, that this is a digres sion, and, perhaps, will not bear a very strict inspection. Let us have the truth in matters which have any bearing npon history ; but do not let us suppose that because a thing really happened, it is a sufficient reason for its never being forgotten; or, which is a parallel case, that because a thing exists somewhere in the universe, it is important that we should know all about it. We have ? lost as well as gained by the progress of scientific knowledge. Though I have heard some bigoted conservatives curse the memory of Columbus, we may take it to be a good thing that America was discovered. It is as well that we should know where are the sources of the Nile, and be able fo construct a tolerably trustworthy mBp of Central Asia. In short, we cannot seriously complain that our planet has become a very limited place, ia which every hole and corner has been pretty well explored, and laid down in perfectly accessible ground-plans. Yet the loss of mystery is a real loss to our imaginations. There is no room for the anthropophagi and men whose heads dogrow beneath their Bhoulders. Prester John and the land of Eldorado have not so much as an unoccupied acre of ground left to hold on by. Once we were like children living ia a corner of some huge rambling manor-house, and fancying that all kinds of ghosts and phantoms might be lurking in the remoter rooms to which they had never penetrated. We have grown up and walked through every passage, and peeped into every closet, and find that it is all very common place, and that the haunted palace is not much more romantic than an ordi nary lodging-house. This is a small set-off, it may be, and yet I think it is a set-off against the practical advantages; the completion pf the Pacific railway, and the establishment of regular lines of steini-communication with the most re mote islands of the ocean. The process, indeed, would not stop here, if it depended upon the good-will of men of science. We have lately heard immense rejoicings over the discoveries which have extended our knowledge even beyond the solar system. It is unspeakably gratifying, it Eeems, to be able to eay that 6ome sort of gas (I entirely decline to write down any specific name, leBt I should expose myself to the laughter of all well-informed persons) is to be f found not only in fhis ridiculously small planet, but in the sun, and in Sirius, and in various stars up and down the sky. That the discoverers have shown remarkable powers of mind, I am most willing to believe ; but I can't yet derive much comfort from the knowledge they have gained. Suppose that it is plainly made out that, at a distance of more millions of miles than the mind of man can conceive, there ia some unpronounceable stuff, which also exists here, how am I the better for that fact ? I do not mean, how will it increase my income, but bow shall I be the happier or the wiser ? Every body was in a great Btate of excitement last summer to hear something about certain red prominences which appear round the sun ia eclipses, and to know what they were made of. What, I ask, are the red prominences to me, or I to the red prominences ? The moon was always one of my illusions, and it baB been cruelly put down by these men of science. We are now informed, if I am not mistaken, that it is nothing but a big burnt-out cinder, which iB some use in getting up tides (not lhat I know vtry clearly what is the good of tides), but totally unsuitable for intending emigrants, even if they could get there. Every one who haB had a proper value for the moon, considered in a poetical or ajsthetic point of view, must regret that it turnB out to be nothing better than a secondhand eartL, with a large quantity of mountains, and not even the ghost of an Alpine Club to climb them. Here, I am aware, 1 am upon ticklish gToucd. There is no name of greater power at the present day than that of science ; and it' is as awkward to say anything again6t the pre tensions of men of science, as it once was to be a heretic of a different order. You cannot, it is true, be burnt . alive, or put into an inquisition, but, which is almost as bad, you can be made to look extremely foolish. The men of science Tegard you through their spectacles with an air calculated to strike terror into the boldest heart, if you venture to question the advantage of their most trifling speculations. Anything which by hook or by crook cen be brought under the mantle of 'ology is a sacred object not to be touched by the profane vulgar. A poor savage sees a civilized being, capable of producing thunder and supplied with unlimited quantities of fire water, devote himself for years to the pursuit of bugs — using that word in the American sense. This strange creature will live for months in a wilderness, and be amply rewarded by col lecting a boat load of creeping, crawling things, which are not even good to eat. The savage thinks that the white man must be little better than an idiot : and the white man, when he comes home, writes his book, and holds the savage up to the derision of an enlight ened public. — ' Here, ' he says in effect, 'is a poor creature so ignorant as to think me a fool for spending a month in discovering the Hotonchronon tliologus Joiesii — an animal which differs from all other Hotonchrononthologi in having two more spots on his nose, and an extra claw cn his hind leg.' Is it so plain that the white man has altogether the best of the argument ? Suppose that the beast in question had remained unknown, would the human race have been materially the worse ? Or, to put it more moderately, could not the month have been spent to more purpose in some other field of labour? Some distin guished martyr to science once planted a colony of some loalhsome insect ia his thumb, and heroically travelled to Europe with his burden, in the hopes of discovering some new facts about the way in which the animal laid its eggs. Unluckily, if I remember Tight, : the thumb mortified and had to be amputated within sight of land ; and we have ever since been called upon to admire the . zeal /and heroism of the sufferer. I am willing to do so, just as I admire St. Simeon Stylites for stand ing for twenty years on a column, and saying his prayers 1244 times a day. Only I cannot help asking, in each case, whether so rare a quality of heroism could not have been turned to some better account? Zeal is a com modity of which we have such an abun dance that we can complacently see it running to watte. Science often means nothing more than accurate and systematic knowledge of facts ; and the question always remains whether the facts are really worth knowing. If a man of genius spends years in investigating the habits of a microscopic animalcule, it does not follow that the game was worth the candle, simply because we give to the knowledge gained the mystic name of science. I have been amused, in watching a controversy which has sometiroee been carried on upon a trifling point of this nature. A harmless race of lunatics has lately taken to amusing itself by climbing the Alps, and has even formed a club for the purpose of stimulating the natural zeal of Englishmen to scramble up diffi cult places at the risk of their necks. If enthusiasts frankly say that they climb because they like it, they are sternly reproved, and told that they are unpardonably rash. If they more judiciously swear by the name of science, their critics take off their hats and retire with a graceful bow. But what is the difference ? If I go up Mont Blanc to improve my diges tion, and have a good time generally, I se far increase the sum of human happineBs. If I lake a barometer with me, and dis cover once more that the pressure of the air on the summit is fifteen inches less than at the bottom, 1 add one more infinitesimal fact to those already known. I advance science in so far as I increase by a microscopic amount the mass of raw material upon which philosophers are to reason. But the effect of my observation upon the virtue or happiness of mankind is bo inconceivably minute as to be inexpressible in language or figures. In one case, I directly add to my own happiness and health ; in the other, I add one more trifling bit of information to many millions already accumulated, and may possibly do some indirect good to somebody. Is the difference between the two actions so enormous that one shouid be unsparingly condemned, and the other held up to general admiration? Has science so mysterious a power that the most homa2opalhic expression of scientific intention converts any quantity of equivocal conduct into pure virtue ? If people would only remem ber lhat science is nothing but knowledge put into formula;, they would free themselves I from thiB superstitious awe, and see that the line of demarcation is not so broad as they sometimes imagine. It is an historical fact that I walked down the Strand at twelve o'clock on the 1st of May, 18C9; it is a scientific fact that ihe thermometer on that day s.ood at 60 degrees in my study ; but whether either of those fact6 he worth recording must depend entirely upon ibe influence which the know ledge cf them would exert upon human happi- I nef's. The thermometries;! fact is, no doubt, | the most interesting in the case supposed, but it is possible to have too much of thermometers. In saying all this, 1 do not mean for one moment to sneer at scientific people. I love and admire them. I rejoice to 6ee blue flames, and electric sparks, and to hear loud explosions, and even to smell disagreeable odours at the Royal ; Institution or at the Polytechnic. I even like j to fatter myBeif that I am making a scientific observation when I tempt the tppetite of the hippopotamus at the Zoological Gardens with nuts, or offer a ruBty nail a to the ostrich. Nothing is more gratifying than to watch the ardour with which men throw them st Ives into disputes as to the origin of species, and the shape of a monkey's brain. I am perfectly content with being a man, and can not Eee that it makes much difference whether my rtmote ancestors were apes or human beingB. Still it is pleasant to see people so keen on the subject ; and to remark, at the same time, the strong brotherly love which always prevents them from growing bitter in the ardour of controversy, and accusing each other of plagiarism or want of candour. I remember the old grammarian who wished to send his brother's soul ' to eternal perdition, for his treatise on the irregular verb' and am glad that a scientific heresy cannot excite an equal degree of animosity. I revere even mathematicians, though totally unable to understand them, and especially unable to make out why the elabo rate investigation of some theories is at all more respectable than the discovery of problems in whist or cheEs, or tbe invention of Chinese puzzles. But, to be perfectly candid, I think that men of science have one trifling fault. They are apt to be a little arrogant, and to presume upon the respect which they have fairly won. For the genuine leadetB of thought this is at least pardonable, but they have introduced a rather unpleasant style amongst persons who, without due auihority, love to clothe themselves in their mantle. Every penny-a-liner is ready to twaddle about the 'inexorable laws of supply and' demand ' — generally in the most complete ignorance of what those laws really are — and indulge in platitudes about tho infallibility of economic science. For a similar reason I was truly pleased at reading the other day (I know not whether it was accurate) that the Gulf Stream had been proved to be a delusion. The Gulf Stream was almost as great a nuisance ae Macaulay's Mew Zealander, or the German who evolves things from the depths of his consciousness. One could not mention the weather without giving a chance to somebody to clothe himself with the true scientific swagger, and hurl the Gulf Stream at your head. There are certain remarks which nobody ever makes without a certain air of superior wisdom : such as the political common place that the tyranny of a mob is as bad as the tyranny of a despot ; and the man who affected familiarity with the Gulf Stream always seemed to feel himself six inches taller in consequence. I ehould have real pleasure in learning tliat the Gulf Stream had been definitely exploded. What is the real moral of these remarks? Ought we not, in Epite of sophistries, to rejoice in every extension of knowledge, and to believe that sooner or later it will turn to some account ? It is all very well to ridicule absurd pretensions, and to groan over accumulations of fact, which threaten to increase the difficulties of learning ; but are we not Eetling ourselves against the general current of improvement, and objecting to a process, which, whether we like it or not, must take place if civilisation is to improve ? The answer, if we are to speak seriously, seemB to be very simple. Professor Owen startled us some time ago by the assertion (I quote from memory) that to display properly the various species of whales, there would, be need of four teen galleries, each a mile or so in length. A museum on such a scale might well appal chan cellors of the exchequer and sightseers of ordinary appetites for knowledge. Yet, if the whales wtre conveniently placed, they would undoubtedly be werth seeing. Now our diffi culty at the present moment seems to be that we have got whales enough to stretch for four teen miles, but that they are not properly arranged. Our capacity for accumulating materials has outrun our powers of putting them in order. No amount of whales would be too great, if they were only classified on intelligible principles ; but we are in danger of being swamped by a disorganised chaos of whales. We have so many facts that we do not know what to do with them. Our Dryasdusts have accumulated such va6t heaps of rubbish and of valuable matter, that our* powers of sifting them and bringing them into shape are unequal to the gigantic task. No one can be familiar with more than a frac tion of the whole field of history or with more than some minor branch of scientific inquiry. In time we must be content to get rid of the worthless material, and to arrange what is left on Eome comprehensive schemes. We want historians who can deduce some living principles fri m history, and men of science who can re duce the vast masses of observation to some general laws. When that is done, we shall be able to catalogue the facts from which the theories have been de duced, and to put them away for further refer ence, or destroy some of them, altogether. Just now we are in the uncomfortable stage which some of us have experienced when a whole cart load of books — good, bad, and indifferent — has been Bhot down in our room, and we have not had time to put them ia order on shelves. The worst of it is that people are constantly bringing in mere, and raising shouts of triumph over their wonderful industry and virtue in bringing in, it may be, a mere mass of waste paper. All that we can do is to have patience, and submit even to a little unnecessary arro gance, in the hopes that we shall not be quite overwhelmed before some one arises to put things straight. A Cynic. 