Z 'imp, 'Intelfigettce. P ? ; GKEAT BKITAIN. 'eAi Ghost in Manchester.— For several akhts past immense crowds have bee n fllected in and about the Feathers Hotel, racted by the report that a ghost has isen one of the busiest centres of Man enester, immediately opposite the London roftd Station, for its nocturnal appearances. The^atory is for five weeks past the inmates «fjfhe hotel have been disturbed;at all'hours #f nthe night by strange and unaccountable noises. When the weary waiters nave gone tor'sleep their dreams have been (disturbed by the '- unwelcome tinkle first of one, then of two or more, and sometimes of all the bells 3p$be house— f ourteenin number— clanging together.' A strict watch has on several iwcasioris been kept, and when this has been done the watchers have seen and heard no thing unusual, but so surely as the lights in the inn have been extinguished, and quiet Kas been maintained, the strange noises have commenced. About a week ago bellhangera were got in the house, who re-arranged the JiireV and muffled the bells, and by this aieans it was supposed that the peiturbed spirit had been laid at last to rest— an idea which was confirmed by : the fact that for six'iiights thereafter the 'ghost' made no manifestation. Between Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, however, the sound of the^b'ells again broke forth with rin diminished violence, and in defiance of bellharigers and special detectives. An indescribable pres ence, is said to have made itself manifest on the stairs of the hotel, dressed in most un «hqstly habiliments of bla-.k, to a couple of Boys' '.'and a policeman, who were so much frightened by the sight that they aie unable to give any account of the spirit's disappear ance. Of all the inmates of the house, the eook has been most affected by the spiritual influence, and on Wednesday resigned her comfortable situation, with all its perquisites, and, we believe, has taken to bed seriously flL .Meanwhile the house is nightly crowded fey hundreds of visitors, who, excited Vy curiosity, thirst cf knowledge, or other desire, have been exorbitant in their demand lor spirits, to the no small profit of the land lord.—' Manchester Examiner.' Story of a Murder.— The investigation into the confession of murder made by a man mamed Thomas Rosser at Hereford on Sa turday last has resulted in the elicitation of several very important facts tending to con firm the prisoner's statement. The prisoner, Thomas Rosser, who is a puddler from Sydney, in the Forest of Dean, states that being on tramp towards the iron works of South Wales, he was on Saturday following Whitsun Monday (the 15th of June), 1867, in the town of Usk; in the county of Mon mouth, where he accidentally met a girl, who afterwards told him that her name was Jane' Edwards, die went with her to the Bridge Inn, where they had some beer together, and in the course of conveisation she asked him if he was going to Monmouth, and if he intended to ride or walk. He re plied that he should g» to Monmouth on the morrow (being Sunday), but he had no money to pay his railway fare. His com panion then said that if he was going to stay to. Usk all night he might asgwell stay with her, as she had sufficient money for their use. The prosy-ect of getting her money then suggested the idea of murdering the girl, and leaving her in the house. He went to the back door, which looks on the river. The house was und-jr repair, and at the rear of the same was an (-Id iron firs grate, which had been turned out of one of the rooms, and from Ithis grate he wrenched an iron bar, which: he concealed under his coat, and re entered the house, and induced the girl to jo for a walk with him by the side of the rirer. When they got below the bridge he took the iron bar from his breast, and struck her on the back of the head, instantaneously rendering her senseless. He then searched her pockets, from which he took 15s in silver, and then determined to throw her body in tile river. Before doing so he took her bonnet from her head, and tearing a ribbon from it he placed it in his pocket. . Having thrown the body into the river he left Uslc, and for two years he had been, tramping, with the cruel murder he had committed haunting him day and night, until at length, he felt compelled to confess his crime. A aumber of circumstances, corroborative of the above statement has been brought to light, and in a box belonging to the prisoner the ribbon described by him has been found. Am it is supposed that the skull of the un fortunate young woman will still show the fracture inflicted by the iron bar, an ordei has been issued by the coroner for its ex humation and examination. The prisoner who is much depressed in spirits and cne ▼err much, has been visited by his fathei and soine friends since his confinement, and to all he maintains that he has been guilty «f this horrible crime, and wishes the law t'r take its course,' rather than exist in the stat- ?f misery he has been in since the murder He will be bronght .up to-day before th- Hereford city magistrates for further exami nation. ? , tv H»eign Missionary OoLLBoa.~The fira stone of a Missionary College, near London, : is to belaid by his Grace the, Archbishop bf Westminster. on the approaching Feast of St. Peterand St. ,PauT,;agra^ifyingpr6of indeed that many airidngst us are alive to the. duty which pertains to them as' Catholics and:as Englishmen towards the heathen. It is^ a'rij Additional source of satisfaction to us' that, in the list of subscribers to, the Build-, : ing Fund of this most meritorious work, ere to be fotifcfd Jhe names of several Pro j testant fello^-c8untr£meh ; and we are , glad to take this opportunity of acknpw- '; lodging -that the 'Christian obligation of } caring for the enlightenment ?'-& remote, uri- : friended, and dangerous tribes and nations1,' is one which ha3 made itself felt in England ; ih spite of. all the variations of Protes tantism. The nation which, in this very year has sent half a million sterling to spread throughout1 the World the measure of truth which it possesses cannot1, at5 all ; events in .' this respect; be. reproached witli^any insular' ] narrowness of mind. -We \ trust that the1 ' Catholips of this empire wilL.not be behind; - their Protestant fellow-countrymen in zealj ?. for the heathen Rations. : , iEccLESiA^TicAjL'TiT^s^'AcT.TrlOn, Mon day last the* ' case ' ef the Irish' Protestant ''. Bishops, came : again before 'the public^ Lord Colchester questioned her Majesty's Government on the subjrct- and elicted from Lord Gran ville an expression of his opinion that, if the Irish Church , Bill passed, 'it; : would be necessary to alter the law relating toi ecclesiastical titles.' Cela ya sans dire. : but in what sense 1 We are sorry1 to per- ' ceive that the supporters of the Irish Pro- 'i testants aim at a special legislation in their favour. Lord Colchester observed that ' it was true that the Act had never been en- i forced against Roman Catholic prelates, and that proposals had been made for its repeal, , but the majority of the Select Committee of this House, of vrhich he was a member, re- . ported against such repeal, and he believed it would be distasteful to the great majority of their Lordships.' It is scarcely credible that, at the present day, it should be asserted of any body of men, that it would be dis tasteful to them to permit the removal of a perfectly useless penal law, 'The Irish Church,' continued Lord Colcb ester, 'would become a free Church, untrammelled and unfettered by the State, but it ought not to be saddled with a disability to carry out its proper organization, or, as the only alterna tive, be obliged to violate the law, which, as loyal subjects, its members would be very 1 unwilling to do.' If so, why, in the \ opinion of the noble Lord, should Catholics j be saddled with the same disability, or be j driven to the same alternative 1 There ciui j be no motive for such a course other than \ the pleasure that certain minds derive from j insulting what they cannot injure. Special 1 legislation for Protestants, would, be a fresh \ penal enactment against Catholics, a fresh ' affirmation of asceudency, and a fresh brand j of inferiority. The Beginning of it.- The ' Reformers j Tree' in Hyde Park was the rallying point ! for a gathering last Saturday, which has ; been held in good time to show that the j doctrines which the English journalists seem j rather to admire when it is proposed to apply \ them in France, are not totally without re- i presentatives in England. The meeting con- ? sisted of persons catling themselves u unern- j ployed and houseless poor,' and their object ' was ' to take into consideration the pro priety of legislating for themselves, heredi tary and misrepresentative legislators having failed to provide for the requirements of the people.' The orators of the occasion claimed the waste lands of the country for the unem ployed poor, ' the aristocracy having robbed the people of the land,' and declared that if i this bit of compensation were not granted, '?' physical force must be used to obtain it.' ' The Government and the Parliament,' de clared one of the speakers, ' were all i»f one kidney, no matter of what politics — all rogues together.' After arriving at this safe con clusion, the speaker went on to recommend hat, should \y«r break out with America, unless their grievances were immediately re dressed, 'they should not only aid the Irish in an outbreak of Fenianism in Ire land, and in a raid upon Canada, but assist the Americans against the Government and aristocracy of Engiaud by every means in their power.' The meeting at which the*e piqrant suggestions were thrown out was not very important in point of numbers. The papers say that only frty or sixty of the ' houseless, and unemployed' assembled ; but the affair is just worth noting as an evidence that the principles of communism, which may yet, like other curees come home to rooht, are beginning to come to light in the country which has regarded with so much complacency ^heir growth and extension abroad. Making Shipwreck as Pleasant ai Possible. — That part of the Thames inime diately in front of Cretnorne Gardens wa- ' the scene of an exciting spectacle on Thurs ' day evening. What is said to be a wonder v ful triumph, of American invention was ex ? hibited in the presence of several thousand ? persons, who lined the river from Battersea ' Bridge up to Cremorne Gardens, and plied \- little craft of every conceivable shape while the experiment which tow the cause of tht % gathering was being made, Tht Apparatus is intended for the rescue of shipwrecked persona. The. inventor, we are told; is Cap tiain ? J. B. ;StoiK«y.;of New York, a gentle man of f independent . fortune, who served t?hrqugho,ut. the great civil war: and his o'bject, it.is said, '.is-not to make _ money,, bujb tjo perfdrin ' a truly' philantrppic, work% ^wo Americ&ns;— a' gentleman and Ms wife -rhave been commissioned to explain the1 nature; of the apparatus ; and the way in which they are obliged ,to do so. is certainly i njoyel and interesting. They first slip their arms th'roiighcprk jackets, and then insert, their persons in'a loose indiarubber overcoat, w;hich covers the .whole of the body, except the hands and f Ace, around which it is tightly secured. 'Indiarubber weights are then attached to - the shoes, so as to enable the wearers to maintain a perpendicular: potion and perfect equilibrium, and, being thus equipped, they jump^ into; the water. T|ie^ carry witHV them a t^n c.aw®» *H-P^^ Sqnie'vrhat like' £a buoy- ; T^iia' -r article is' divided iuto1 two compartments', ''an^d in the upper! one they' manage to pack biscuits'i a' fid sk i of j brandy, a : revolver, Bengal lights, Rpnaan caadles, a,iid some Liebeg^a sausages. ' Smpking apd newspjiper . reading are npt : luxuries which a shipwrecked individual Would probably enjoy iii a ' Jife on the ocean , wave1;' but A.nierican originality proyides for them',- and adds cigars and a newspaper to the tiny freight; The lower ^compart^ merit, of the ease contains abott six quarts of water, which is drunk through an indian rubber tube, closed, by a metal screw :top. The provisions which are thus carried are supposed to last eight days, arid if a ship wrecked person should fail to 'be .rescued, before the end of that time, he has the con solation, when dyiug, of knowing that his body cannot sink, that his will, papers, and jewellery are safe, and that his friends will know how he quitted the worl d. The inven tion has been patented by an American company, with a capital of 300,000, dollars, and the price fixed for each, suit isi -,£7. The public will not have an opportunity of investing in the apparatus for some months, inasmuch as a series of ex periments in most European countries are con templated, with the, view of: testing the suc cess with which the invention is likely to be attended. The Prussian government, it is stated, expressed their determination to adopt the apparatus, and it is said that in consequence of the encouragement received in France, America, and elsewhere, 50,000 suits are now in process of manufacture. Mr. and Mrs. Graddock— the Americans to whom we have referred — remained in the river nearly half an hour on Sunday evening and showed very little exertion beyond what was required in using little indiarubber paddles which form part of the apparatus. The experiment was conducted under con siderable difficulty, Mr and Mrs. Craddock being prevented from moving in the water by the clustering of the boats, whose occu pant ?» were deaf to earnest protestation. They both opened the buoy-shaped case, helped themselves to some of the contents, fired a revolver, and exhibited lights, and a red flag bearing the word ' Eureka.' The time occupied in donning the dress is three minutes and a half. Captain Stoner hopes to provide all passenger ships with these ex traordinary dresses, being ready to lend them for £1 each for every voyage, and to provide each ship with a man capable of explaining their utility. 