? TUB RACES. :Dy Ximrod. ': .'?? (The followiug -should havo nppenreil in .our: last):— -. -.T, . ?. . .. s What about thia groat horse .Centipeile.? he lintt; not yet arrived, but is expoctcti in a d.iy ortwo. I hear of 40 to 12 bring offerer) on tho double event— a start for tho nvimiy — I men n the two Handicaps with thu top weight. lOst. He should bo in goodforni, Tbrjilthoush I think that Nun-' desoript has been overweighted hois in such good ? connmon mac ne win tease even rue iiuiinreii: footeil one. The disparity bctweun this horse, - who haa run in first-clnss company nnd won several races, nnd Nondescript. in point of perf'nn nnoes is so great that in my opinion tho hnnili Cflppers have made a gift to CeutipotlCof both rncos. 9st. 7lbs. istoo much for ' Nondescript,' he run well last-year it in true, but what show has he Rot if Hermit sh -uKl ttnn up woll when wanted, and run ns woll ns-ho did last year for the Publican's Purse, whon he ran second in a field of these, beating Nondescript and running a good second to Sampson. Tie then carried iht. 4'bs., and ho hns upon thia occasion a double ndvuntnsn ; he* is a year older nnH carries only.-8$t. 41hs Uiiyalty^haa arrivp.d, bnt T. hnvo .not senn him gallop. 'He lias tcknu up his quarters itt Dow ling's and, considering tho d'stincaliohaB hnd to travel, looks vory well. Nolan's horses are to arrive about Tuesdiy, and prepnrnlinnn hnvitbeen mado for their reception at CiiwhIIV.; they nre anid to be io goo'l condition. Mr. Kl.vnn'a 2. %, Skyrocket, a 2 yenr olii, by Euonlyptus-i'inporteil) looks in grand form, nnd is very well bred:; lie will enter. for tho Maiden Plato nnd tho selline stakes. T purpose seeing him gallop bol'oi'B next ibsuo, and' I hopethnthis arrival will rntnpensnte for the inconvenience of too tnrly rising*; It does not ngreo with me. They nrn nil crying out that Sampson is too fat , now with all. due (jufurancp to the 'quidnuncs, Siunpson being a fairly \\\\\» horse reqnires aomo beef to protect his bodily frame, nnd riR long as -you can maintain that without superfluous Heahor fat tho horsi^is till tho better. I may be wrong, but I spnnlsjr'ppi experi ence, and have no '-hesitation, in saying'that his trainer should desist from , further reduction. Safeguard is decidedly too fat, nnd,. must bp' sweated, but'even hero care must ba.'tnken Unit it. be not overdone.' 'I honr of very good accounfs conoeruiGg Whoel of Fortuno for the Hnnllo of the flnck jlurdln R.ice, but.RhouM Exile enter, and be fit, he cannot well fail to mnku the result of the racj nt lenst, doubtful. I nm writing some days in advance of the day of genoral entry, and cannot therefore be oxpnetod to sponk .-fully iii reference 'to the horses likely to ;bo. entered, ns they will in a groat, mens-jju dupoml upon their fitness nttlie proper lima rind not now... Jack is not without friends, and from ;thnso competent to judge, k hoar that he is not' so ' stulo' as 'Jor. rock's Ghost''' thinks ?him to bo. Mr. Best's Warwick partakes of the qualities of his ownor, and his notdefioiont in fleih He will entur for one raoe at least, if'jsot for moro, ami i« likely to put in a good appenrnnco, I hoar thnt somo Cnl outta sweeps ato lik-ily to bu got up.,. I .ami safely prognosticate n g''od moot, aud wb.nu it'is nil over let 'U8 dancotho old ye.ir out. nn-l tho uawyonr in, with -greater and more ' nspirins;1 oxpoutationa for noxt soason. ? Tho sooner a club is -.formed, the better it will be for tho general prospoots of owners, horses, an-3 tho Gympie distriot, and it in with this idea that I vouturo to exprosa a hopo that those gentlemen who havo sn actively trtlum the respon sibility on thin ne'naslon, wlJJ bo Ktininlut'eii to fnr- ' thor exertion in tho support and advaucamoat of tliis ti'ulynational nport. '??' '- ' :- ??'?' '-. ' '?'?'' 