<g>nr Csmperaitte Caltmra. , FORBIDDEN: »AINS. j .(From Mercantile Morals) ; . . .. . 1 i At. «r: 'Ihcro is suca a tiling asoeing ,uu uu,uou w, another's sin, and yet boing at tb®imc uncon- . scions of it. Thousands of gamblers after they . had ruined themselves, and have followed their: families, down tho depths of infamy and guilt, Tinvn nirnnwlfifleed that that guilt incurred by others, was caused by their crimes. The manu facturer that sells a dagger to a maniac, know inn him to be such, and that maniac kills his mother, the laws of Gotl and. man hold that manufacturer to bo guilty of that maternal blood, and justly too. The companion who snp- , plies a deadly weapon to an enraged person, and with tlint he murders his victim, tho lender of the doadly instrument is righteously held guilty, parhceps criminis, with tho one whose hand .guidod tho fatal weapon. I An illustration of this took place in one of the beautiful villages of Now Jersey. fif'A'grbecr, a member of a — ; cliuvck/sold the waters of death. An honest farmer lived hear by, came daily about a mile for his accus tomed : stimulus. Tho poison gradually har dened his affections, and converted the nobler sympathies of his nature into a brutal ferocity. The steps were down, down, down. But why tell the process ? Who that has lived in this highly favoured country, this glory of all lands, does not know every mclnncholy step of tho process, by which a drunkard is made?- One Sabbath, this farmer knocked at tho door of the grocer, when ho ought to liavo been' with his family on his knees, about sunrise for his fatal potion. The glass was repeated several times, until the vendor saw it was timo to go to church. He closed the door and retired to the houso of God. The unhappy wretch lingered round the charmed spot until noon, and again knocked at the door for further supply. The so-called Christian man opened tho door, and seeing his customer intoxicated, refused ' him- anothcr'draught. The poor man felt his desire liko a raging firo. burning within, and lie pleads for something to quench tho thirst. Tic is refused again. A"ain lie pleads, and ho that has heard the victiinma-/ dcr tho beginnings of a delirium tremins'. plead, ! has heard tlio most1 powerful jileii man can make. The spirits vendor told him lie hiul lihdr enough enough meant that lie was ashamed to. have him hanging- round his'door. But the'un-, happy inebriate laid down his sixpence, and the/ mind of the vendor began to waver. : Hp looked,' at the silver, and then at tho ' miserable being who placed' it there.' Ati'lcngth avarice 'over powered conscience, duty; and alii < Tho six-and- a-quartcr cents supplied an irresistible togumont,/ and the glass was _ given, 'not for' any harm,', of course not-, only for tho' hiijhblb.sum of rnbhey.; and ho intended rio'injiiry "to'ahy ; that was far from liim. But that glass was ono fbo'niu'clu . By somcieans'bho farmer rc'achcd hisbbmb, . only to sco his partner weeping, and his children afraid. of liim, as of somo monster. ' But tltat'1 sun. went down,; that night on'i that home— (peaceful- in 'tho -morning)— now.1 stained ; with blood.: ; That mother' -lay "in lier 'blood';1 th'at- lmsband and- father, with- tlio- 'pious vendor of' . that glass, -were, before 4odj"'tlTe: murderoi-s. ' .He did not: intend to'bo the slayer of that faithful mother. 1 He did hot intend to strike a blow on tliei hearts of theso poor motherless . children that would make tliem ciirso liim wliild' they lived,; and perhaps through eternity. -/No!' neither did Judas intend that Christ 'should die', . Noitiior did .lio'make tho bxcusc vendors liavo oft- times offered — . '. v ; . . "-If I domot; somo ono will." Heredotus tolls of a certain castlo in Persia being '.taken , by a Princo, and they knew that . thoy bad resistcd :and angered him so long, 'tliat' they would certainly' all bo- put to 1 death.' ' ; - In- stontly when tlicy>sa\v the final broach was- madc, they grasped their wine bottles and drank their fill, resolving to dio morrily; whatever' fob lowcd in eternity, i Supposiug that some soldier having lqug' entertained. ' a secret liato against1 Jus olhcer, nail drawn Jus sword and slam mm,1 saying, ";If , I- ; do, not -kill, Dai-ins - will."- ' This' was true ; but what man: that desired' to havo-1 an excuse, was iit ua-loss itoi find ono. ' Judas - know well tliiit: if he did hot betray his -"master1 others there were- who might;; Alas', this is but? tlio shadow of an, apology 'for sin; - But » liow mueli nobler und moro; lionostiy 'did the traitbr! act,' compared withthcTvendorpf spirits?- ' Holelt tlic silver -.burn dike: fire1 - against-' his- .conscience.; and :-.lic'.cast it-down 1 as1 'though .-it' had beon firo.: ;;; r ..On earth, such -is : 'the -hardening process' of1' crime, wo do 'not , expect;: to see -the l!pittanoo- which supplied pbor eliildr en; with! bread wrung hy, aTOrico/lrom' their sonsoless! fatlior, restored5 to tliose. more than orphans. Butth'orb'is'a'day . coming which will' burn.- as an ; ov on)' wlioii tlidt : silver;; stolen from-.tho poor, will « have a tongue that will makbeits thunder heard down Ho' the depths .offholl. itself. . I' iti'v, ...fdissuq -dfcii. - Judas- didihot.hetriiy 'his -Master for tlib glory; of G-odi, -:v.-r .< -i r-, I Jure. So ,1'ai- ns.wq canjudgefroih the records of hoavcn.and.cartli/niaclG'knownidiiriug tho past eternity, there- has not occurred an1 act which .did more.; to. advaiiebtho-'gloryibf Jehovah,- or po.ured over .tjio diviiio attributes1 the splendour of-aloftior yinclication— and ' altliough' this very , deed; was predicted a- thousand 1 years 1 before— although this act of treachery - was ono of the links in -tho chain of Redemption,— yet Judas hajl not1 tho remotest idea of furthoring any one ,-of , these, designs. : It would havo beon blasphemy : for him to .have named such an object. There are some who vend tho waters of death; and quote Scripture to sanction thoir murderous work. " He that provideth not?'. &x.; ' If a family cannot bo provided for without .selling these waters of death, it is your 'solemn duty to abandon merchandise aiid trust Provi dence to open somo other door. ' . Ai-e they all shut ? . If you give up merchandise will you be beggared? Tlien let it be so; Millions : upon millions, poor as Lazarus, havo from beggary and penury been borne by angels to Abraham's bosom, , ; rr > rv ? 'iv-/ But I bear somo affirm;— If "I' givo uji/iny ItaffioispiwtsT-my-iamUywiir B(arre. Let -them die then, and a martyr's crown and a mar- ! ityr's heaven Will bo. theirs; .! ; . Hero is tho- rule, for. every man. on earth; in the church or out of it. Any business on which the blessing of &od; cannot' bfi invoked, at the peril of- losing your souls must be- abandoned. Where is tho man tlmt duro,' in blasphemy, ir.vokc tlie blessing of Heavon on tlio . accursed traffic in- that poison ? That family I envy not ; nay, I pity them whoso every loaf of bread is the price of Bin against tlio soul. I would rather go and pick tho berries from the mountain, and with tho Indian live on roots, than be under the dire necessity of helping on men to damna tion, and for my pains get my broad. Like David, I would burn such flour to aslics, and pour out on tlio ground such food ; it is the price of iif.ool). not of tho body, but the reood of the soci, ! Some years since, a young clergymen from eastern Virginia, United States; was settled in Lexington, Kenty, by name of the Rev. Cary H; Allen. ' Ho Went' to tho West, where lie pcbthancntly located in1 1794. His disposition naturally ;gay and volatilo, was some what sobered after 'lis conversion, but never ouj tirely subdued.. Ho was a mirthful, fun-loving pleasant- companion, a great wit and satirist, San'guino and impulsive, his sallies partbok occa sionally cf no 'little eccentricity, yot ho would say the oddest things, and - take the. boldest flights, with suoh an easy and natural, air that no ono felt liis sense of propriety shocked. On his way to Kentucky,, lie put up for the night at a house where tho young peoplo of' tlio neigh bourhood-' had- assembled for a daneo. The handsome stranger was invited to join them and no denial would be taken. , At length he suffered, himself to be led to the floor, and to havo a pavtne'r assigned liim, when' all at once he called to the musician — "Stop! — I am always in the habit," said ho, " when I enter on any business to which I am unaccustomed, first to ask tho blessing of ;GI-od upon it. Now, as I findmpself in now and' unexpected circumstances, I. beg ;permission to imploro the Divine direction1 in tho mattor. 'Suiting the action to tho word; lie .dropped upon liis knees, and pourod forthva-: iprayer in . his characteristic and impassioned; I manner, then springing to his feet ho followed' the prayer with a powerful, and cloquont oxhov- itiition. Mute -witli astonishment at sueli'an lin- llookcd-for interruption, tho. company stobd ispell-bound. They were' enchained ' by elo quence they liad never listened to boforo;stjio orator's burning words, winged with energy by. the Holy Ghost, sank into their souls and found . an celio in tlieir consciences. Death and jndgr ment ; flashed .their terrors, beforo thoir eyes; and tliey felt how unprepared they wore to meet their God., -Bursting into tears tliey besought , liim to toll tli'bni wlnit tlioy niust do to bo' saved. Hb remained and preiiclied in tlio neighbbur- hood'a few days, andr ; several hopeful conver sions were tho liappy- result. Many-would con sider tlio propriety pf tho measure questionable; aiid ' it Oiiiist' be admitted, tliat in less skilful hands it miglit havo.pqovcct a signal failure. ' This- iiliistratesfthe-' grcat'-truth; that '-when ;we enter on any doubtful course of conduct— 'commence any business which, our consciences Cbncmn-T-we'cauuot, wo dare not ask God's blessing upon it, 1 ' V ' ' ' . "It is a strctcli of daring blasphemy for wliicli' tlio stoutest felon has inot tlic nerve- . We infer that any young man or old man, engaged daily in tho traffic of those waters of death, does ne- glcctipraybr before God. Ho , cannot," ho daro not, ask the-hlossing 'of heaven's King on liis "w.iokcd'.tradciilest, like the sons of Aaron, -his: approach to the altar might he onswored hy a holt: from heaven, striking liim -dead,. oven while :hc' is' bonding in mockery oil liis .knees. ; Now the quc-tion returns;.1 - Does'-tlib'spirits' vendor; go to his chamber daily, > and ask.- -the blessing, of God on his casks rof .the waters of: death ? , „Has -lic-yct 'to learn, that some of .those, who 'hafe 1 clr.nnk' of his fornior' supplies, ' arc nowiflllih'g" drunkard's graves, arid' drunkard's . hell ? i r Have (the , -vendors, merchants .of: high', standing and :unimpcachedj. integrity; counted : tlio cost of ,mc.otiiig,.9n,tlio'last day, the '.amis ' of tlioir poof victinis ; of mooting tlio ; prayers oPf.wcepin'gfhrokcii -hearted mother's ; 1 the1 pcti- iiohs of lisping infancy, uttered .in feeble' ^ac cents, but heard in heaven? Their cry. lias; i gojic up, ,as certainly as the; blood of murderpd Abel. ' Prepare to' meet it' .Tliqfo ; when you. lieiir the;call .Come to judgment, conib' away;" " I 'Lastly;"1 'i'; -1 \ .Tlioqirioe of ,'JosusV blood did -tlio betrayer no good. None hut God knows the, keonreinorso; tlic torrjiilc bui'iiaig' ngony of tlio soul, which, \- in its wretchedness cried, " I have' shed, innor cohthlood'l"" 1 r Wf t""-v Ji' 11 ; ' HeibecainCj afraid of himself, . afraid of. his \- conipanions,; afraid of earth,, afraid of,: tlio pref sent, afraid; of .God. ; He- rushed to i the grave deep aiid' 'dark ' aii d1 by if siiicidal Hand'" souglif a doiihtfuT refuge 'there' 1 ' ' ' 1 1 ,! ' '' , j Let each one considerj if every shilling made ; by selling those. .waters of, death, is, .not . :the .price of blood. ' - ! j Tf that train of three iiundrod thousand poof ; perishing, "dying ; men, -wlio Jast' year passed' on to judgment.i : eo'uld come up- like ; Samuel- out of their graves, and;ip one,- procession pass before tlin door of each vendor of ardent spirits,. , they would need no ' thunder-tones to speak of' .their eternal ruin.- Tlioir withered, .fire- blasted spirits would;prescnt such a sight, that these vendors woiii.d, never, .wjiile they live, have Janothor peaceful slumber.' , Day and niglit that ! ghastly train, those lost souls j those deeply' muttered curses, .would follow -them — follow1 thpm, and never forsake them plimt their pil- low iii life, and bed in- death,, vvith thorns. A house I once saw built with the earnings ,of traffic in these .waters of death— the price of blood.- I would as soon purchaSo a pirate ship, .aiidmalte my dwelling there, as live in such a home.! .If timber would have a voice; and the stones in the wall would cry out,, the sound of every footstep in sucb a house would rouse the terrors of 'conscience, and with' fiery ; finger p'pint to the left hand of the j udgment-seat. And what an inheritance to leaVe onr cliil- dronf The ancient Grecian . naturalists be-, lieved that the pelican of the wilderness fed i her youiig with ttar blood draprn from lier own rtreasiscquired-by-sneh :a traffic,; enriches them, it may be; but it is with the blood of bis immortal soul. Tho sin of the vendor is. that wliilo lio may desire the well-being of his neighbour, he de sires wealth more. He loves the souls of men it may lie much, but loving gold more, he puts forth his hand, and sets seal to the damnation of men, so far as his influence goes. ' Judas sold his Saviour, ; ) -n n The vendor sells his soul, 0l' Gold- For gold, Judas was willing to give up his crown and throne in heaven. For gold, the spirit vendor is willing to do the same - 1 The vendor does not-hatc his neighbour nor his soul. But for the accursed lust of gold is willing to sit still, fold his arnis,' aUd see character, business, the intellect, home with all his en dearments, family with all its hallowed ties, wife with all her tender claims and fervent prayers, children with' all tho loveliness1 of youth, all, all, descend in one vortex of rain, and coolly ask — : . Am -I not innocent ? " ' ' 