DEPARTURE OF HIS GRACE THE . ARCHBISHOP FOR ROME. 'i This morning his Grace the Archbishop will ?take his departure for Rome, to attend the (Ecu o menical Council, which opens on the 8th Decem W next, the feast of the Immaculate Concep ;,Lnof the Blessed Virgin Mary. This separa Ition was not allowed to take place without both -Clergy and laity showing their respec ; and love for their beloved pastor, and no boou« — -~ '.Grace mtfe up his mind to undertake the voy age to the Eternal City, than a subscription was ? Jtori foot, to enable him to meet the heavy ^expenses necessarily attending a visit to Europe. 'The result. of this collection, made at a time When 'the complaint of dulne.s of times was ??Very general, showed that in the interest of their Church the Catholics are ever ready to -; Support their opinions with their subscription Nearly £700 was handed to his Grace last ; CTening, by the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney .X had been appointed treasurer to the fund iVith Mr. W. B. Dalley, On Thursday, he ^ .:_,. _r n,_w«,nf the archdiocese, invited ^W^hb^toadinnerwhi^k^e :«t St. Mary's College, Lyndhurst. With the ; Wceptiou of .Mr. Makinson, his Grace's private ?^cretary, tbe affair was strictly confined to the 'clerBV. The chair was occupied by the ' Verf Reverend the Vicar- General, who t Won his 'right his Grace the Archbisho ; the rice chair was filled by the Venerable Arch /; ' - _. mi., c^ii^^r^n f»Wcrvmen were fleacon Kigney. me wuu''u6 '' °J _ , IpreBent^vJry Rev. Deans Hanley Lynch, rS'Connell, Flanagan; Very Rev. Dr. Forrest; Hev: Dr.Hallinan; Rev. Messrs. ^Athy, Fitz 'Patrick, Byrne, Dwyer, Bersanti, Quirk Ken 'yon, Peter O'Farrell, Kenny, Garvey, Carroll, -lI'Devitt, Carroll, Leming, Ryan, D Arcy, ^fcelly Dillon, T. M'Carthy, C. M'Carthy, 1 Xebnard, Woolfrey, Forde, Luckie, M'Guinn, ^nn;CT:. Birch. Roache, Newman, Sheridan, ?Oolletti- Callachor, and Quirk. Before separat ?? We the Very Rev. the Vicar- General proposed 'the health of his Grace the Archbisop, and m v^oirig bo, alluded to the voyage which he was 'tf,out to undertake in answer to the invitation n't! the Holy Father. He trusted that they ? %ould not be long before they would assemble ? = ? * ' again to Welcome their beloved Archbishop back | 'amongst them. The toast was received with § every demonstration of love on the part of the I ? elergy. His Grace, in responding, was deeply * r, affected, and during his remarks be alluded r to bis faithful coadjutors, the priests of the ..., Archdiocese. He also officially announces iuc appointment of the Venerable Archdeacon Rig. ^£ey as co- Vicar- General with the Very Rev. 7- S. A. J. Sheehy, which has been done at the , instance of the latter /ery rev. gentleman. He .Concluded by proposing the health of the clergy, 'to which the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, ' V .G-. , responded . ... Last evening was the date fixed upon as the 1, time when the Catholics could take their fare ' ifell of hiB Grace, and when the addresses which ? had been ironosed were presented to him. The !, deremony took place in the pro cathedral, and \: the building, large as it is, was crowded in every c part,. in fact, many were unable to obtain ad * Mission, for no doubt to many Catholics the /chances of once more welcoming back the Arch : hishop on his return to his see appear very f doubtful. It is however, a source of consolation ! to , know that his Grace is at the present moment '.in the best of health, and we know from experi o ?nee that the excitement and fatigue of travel. '; ling have never told upon the strong constitution ^ Which his Grace enjoyp. Last evening the pro ,j' seedinga commenced with the Benediction of ?„?! the BleBBed Sacrament, after which ltinerarium u ? ©r prayer for those about to take a long voyage, -*'. Was recited. The Blessed Sacrament was then \, igmoved from the tabernacle, when the cere e. »ony of the presentation of the addresses took place. Tue Archbishop was aeatud in au aim chair in the centre of the sanctuary, and around him were the Very Rev. the Vicar-General and the clergy. The first address was that on behalf of tha clergy, which was read by the Very $ev. S.- J. A. Sheehy, V.G., and was as follows .— May it please your Grace.— The clergy of vour Grace's archdiocese have received, with deep emotion, the intelligence that your Grace is once more about to leave them, once more about to sever those ties of personal intercourse which during a long series of years have indeli bly engrosed your paternal name on tlieir GWeSfondly hoped that on your last return from the Seat of Peter your remaining years would be snent amongst us lightening our troubles, bear ing our infirmities, and edifying us by jour -Jlio onri Anostolic life. But suddenly the voice of the Vicar of Christ was heard sounding throughout the world, and at that voice you for got your weight of years, your recent journey, vour perils by sea, and the tears and afflictions of these latter times— you forgot all— and pre nared— vour zeal, as ib were, 'resuming your youth' to set out from the ' ends of the earth' and hasten whither God had called you. But in the midst of our sorrow we are filled with consolation when we reflect on the great mission you are aboutto accomplish. You depart, to sit in an honoured place amongst the rulers ot the Church to sit in that solemn Council over which the Holy Spirit will preside. You de oart by your co-operauum m u*^ 6. ...... ,.---., to shed light over the nations that ' sib in dark „„„ » to eive peace to the bosom distracted with St, and to silence by the weight of 'Divine authority' the enemies of the Church of Christ. Dear Father you will not we are sure attri bute it to want of affection for your person when we tell you that in view of this circumstance we would not, if we could, bid you stay -especially when we recollect '-.hat to you it belongs in parti cular to represent in the Great Council the Aus tralian Church. You whose pastoral staff nrst rested on Australia's land, you who then found a Church small in numbers and struggling for existence- now the venerable Metropolitan of many churches filled with Christian Faith you who are not only the father of your people, the father of vour clergy but also the father aud patriarch of the Heirarchy of this great country. Dear and Venerable Archbishop we trust that at no very distant time we shall again assemble in this church to witness your return, to give you 'a welcome home.' In the meantime, and this we know will comfort you in this hour, we pro mise to watch over the flocks committed to our charge with all that zeal and vigilauce which your own example is so well calculated to in spire Though absent in body we feel that you will be with us in spirit, that your prayers will ascend for us before the 'Throne of the Most High' and that though labouring for the general interests of the church, your eyes will always turn to where your devoted clergy await you. May that God whom jou have so faithfully Berved grand you a speedy and prosperous voy age, May He keep your soul in peace, ana your body in health, and may He in his own good time restore you to us again, to use the words of the PsaloJs'b. Dominus custodial te ab omni malo\ custodiat animam tuam, Dominus. Dominus cus todiat introitum tuum ct exitum tuum et hoc nunc et ?usque in sceculum. Cheered by this hope we have now the courage to say farewell, Signed on behalf of the Clergy, B S. J. A. SHEEEY, V G. When the reading of the address was finished] the Ven. Archdeacon Rigney as one of the treasurers to the subscription fund, handed his Grace a purse containing between six and Beven hundred sovereigns. „.,,.,. , . ^ The next address was that of the laity which was read by Mr. Edward Butler, Crowu Prose cutor. It was as follows : — To hts Gkace the Most Reverend John Bede Polding, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan op Australia. &c; , &c.; May it please your Grace. -When your Grace, only two short years ago, was welcomed by us on your return, from a visit to the I Apostolic threshold, we little thought that the occasion of a fresh separation would so soonj arise. We hoped, and your Grace might well have expected, that a period of repose from far journeying at least, was in store for you. It has not, however, so pleased the gracious pro vidence of God. We believe that he has called you to another long trial, and therefore we must] submit to have imposed upon your Grace, an un dertaking which, in many ways, is a great sacri fice both to yourself and to us. And your Grace, in your habitual disregard of self, and despite unavoidable and harmless regret, assen ted to this new pilgrimage to the Eternal City, that will never have received a pilgrim more en tirely actuated by motives of supernatural faith and charity You have done us this honor of ac cepting the invitation of the Holv Father, to re present the Australian Church, at- e approaching CEcumenical Council, and we can offer no more acceptable thanks to your uraco, as our Deioveu and venerated Archbishop, than we thu3 offer, in Bhowing our sense of the devotion and generosity with which you have obeyed the call of a hard duty. It is no life of easy indulgence, that your Grace leads here amongst us, very far indeed is it from that, but, such as ib is, un wearying activity, it is repose itself compared to tedious reiterated travel, and, worst of allv ab sence from your flock and this country, that your toils and prayers have made to you the dear home of faith, aud a very garner of merit. Please God, we shall soon welcome you back to that home, we have thi« good confidence. You are setting out at an age when most men'* strength would be unequal to the hardships and fatigue inseparable from voyaging at its best, but we have no shrinking, at least no fears, oi committing your Grace to it, because, in truth. we have never seen that it has brought you harm or permanent Buffering. No, nor will it this time. Many of usher*, as well as youj Grace, are so advanced m the journey -of lilo »» to feel the. approach of the last leave-taking on earth. We have no reason, how«vcr, for dread ing lest we should see your Gra.-o's face no more, and we have a great and loviug trust in tne goodness of God that He will bring you back and establish you for many long days in this earthly home before He calls you to that heavenly one. It has been said by some, and thought oftener than it has been said, that we are indis creet and unreasonable, unkind, even, in wish ing your Grace to go to this (Eaumenical Coun cil. It is time, we have been told, that Arch bishop Polding should be exempt from toil and harass in this kiod ; he has only just returned— le is fairly Emeritus — he requires and deserves repose ; and there are iu this province younger men —suffragan bishops — whose talent and piety might wisely and worthily represent our Austra lian nhnmh. and so the Archbishop's iourney is unnecessary. Secondly, we are in the midst of a, critical time, the guidance and influence of our highest ecclesiastical authority, borne on a per son so universally loved and respected, can ill be spared. These things are said, and they are specious, — specioMS, but not unanswerable, not efficient as objections. To the first we answer (and we have a deeper interest in retaining our Archbishop than the rest of the faithful of Australia) that Archbishop Polding is indeed Emeritus, that he deserves repose, but that he does not absolutely require it, and that it has never been his way to make past labor a around of exemption, when there was fresh labor to be undertaken, and heart and strength to accomplish it. Helms, we verily believe, such heart and strength, and, therefore we dare joyfully trust him to the issue. Capacity for a high task is itself a vocation, and we are but recognising a vocation, when we appear to be im posing an arduous sacrifice. There is nofaitli where there is no sacrnice, ouc tne geneiuan-.y uj. him who accepts this sacrifice, is far greater than the boldness with which we can be re proached for proposing it or consenting to it. We may answer the remark, that there are now younger Prelates who could sufficiently and worthily, aud with less inconvenience to them selves represent Australia at the Council of the Vatican— by saying, let the iucouveuienee pass, \i e have shown that we see 'it, and have given goo-i reason why we look over it and beyond it. VVe acknowledge with thankfulue33 the piety and talent of the yo-xngor Bishops, whom God ha3 given ua, and we say, this is no rea3on why their venerated Metropolitan' should stay behind but an additional reason for his going at their head, and they themselves we are sure | must so desire to have him. They will feel, as we do, that your Grace's position, as represent ing at the (Ecumenical Council this Australian land, is absolutely unique in its circumstances. We happen 'to know tbat the Holy Father de eires especially to have the attendance aud couh sel of as many colonial Bishops as possible, aud, whatever assistance aud consolation your Grace j may receive (and we know full well tbat you Lb; ii iw-pivp. hnih) from the company of. your suffragaut, you are still, in your own person, in communicably the adequate representative of Our Church in its origin and history. You pre sided at its truly begiuniug, when it wa3 very small in worldly eyes, and very suffering ; you have watched and guided its whole course hitherto, you have seen it grow in the favour of God and man, and now you are going before tie Vicar of Christ, and the great assembly of Chris tendom, able to say with a fulness of knowledge and sympathy that none other can possess, ' be hold me and the children whom God has given me.' No, we may not forego this sacrifice, if ib must be so regarded and not rather as a triumph : we dare not keep you back. For indeed It is not with our Christian Council as it is with secular parliaments. They depend mainly j on the talent, aud learning, on the audacity, and subtility, and conflict of men; nobility of character, purity of life and history j are of mioor account. It is nob so with a Catho- j lie General Council : whilst its Apostolic Head i andhis brethren Bishops use most conscientiously , all the talent, and learning, and prudence, which God has so abundantly distributed among them, ? they do nob rest mainly on these things, but on the promised guidance of the Holy Ghost, which always abides with, the Church, but which is more largely given according to the faith, and pure intention, and Christian grace of His subjects and instruments. And, therefore, it I is, that although a prudence and economy, which we will presume to call wordly, might say our other and younger Bishops may supply, [perhaps, the place of our Archbishop in the dis- ' j cusRion of this Council, and iu statistical infor- : 1 matiou they cannot adequately supply that place, Bimply because they are not that Archbishop, whose life has grown with the life of this Church, ; and who has therefore a completness of know- j ledse and a depth of sympathy, the necessary | conseqaeuce of such a growth, and the tnost thorough qualification of our representatives. And further we say that it is in every way most becoming and cougruous, that this Church, so widely separated in space from Rome but so uear in the loyalty of its affection, should send its most venerated Metropolitan ab this great crisis to testify before the world their Catholic faith in the greatness of the salvation, which God will give to a distracted and wandering generation by means of this Council. Aa to the second objectian that your Grace leaveB us at a critical tiint, wo have only to say that we must do the best we can, and that we have many h9lps to do that best. You leave behind you official representatives in whose zsal and discretion you have confidence, and thank to the powers of modern locomotion, private letters of adviee, or public pastoral letters may easily r:aoh us. Besides we have all had the ^.Wantage of much additional experience of your Grace's views on matters of important principle and of the mode in which you would assert an .;uar-J those principles. We have come to uu deratand more fully the firmneBs of yoar atanc on wnat 18 essential. Your debit e to accommo date when accommodation is not an abandon ment of principle. We have seen how you caa claim liberty of conscience without attacking the motives of those who endanger it, and can display watchfulness and zeal without bitterness and personalities. And thus we are not ill pro vided for doing our best during your brief ab sence however critical may be the times in which we have to act. . So much for the motives by which we have been actuated in consenting to your Grace's visit to Rome, and we have now only to renew our thanks for the honour you have done us in un dertaking ths representation of the Catholic Church in this country. You will take to the Holy Father the Peter's Pence, to use the dear old name by which Catholics have been wont to call their offerings. The amount is not in itself large, bub it is large for these times of depres sion and repeated calamities. There is however a more precious offering with which you will be fraught, it is the sincere expression oi love and obedience to the Holy See such as befits a body of Christian people, who have been trained, and who have lived so long in the light and warmth of your Grace's example. And we have an offer ing to make to yourself to help in defraying the expenses of your arduous journey. We beg your Grace's acceptance, therefore, of the accompany ing sum of money which we feel sure you will view as the spontaneous tribute of a people's af fection for the worth of which it is the cordial though it be a most inadequate recognition. May God fill your heart with consolation, and may His Blessed Mother, Help of Christians, our Patroness whose great Heart is to begin the Council, guard you in all your ways and bring you back speedily to the place where our love and honour would have you stay. And now with momentary heaviness of heart we must bid your Grace adieu, and implore your blessing and prayers for your dear Catholic people whose heartfelt love we know you reciprocate so sin cerely. . And we beg to remain, in hope of early re union, Dear Lord Archbishop and Father, I Your devoted children, , ! EDWARD BUTLER, 3 I W. C. CURTIS. Mr. Rubie, then as Warden of the Guild, stepoed forward and read the following address on behalf of the members of the Holy Catholic ^AUSTRALASIAN HOLY CATHOLIC GUILD OF ST. MARY AND ST. JOSEPH. j Delectio Dei et proximi. j To the Most Rev. John Bede Archbishop j of Sydney and Metropolitan of Aus tralia, &c; , &c.; -, May it Please your Grace.— We, the Chaplain, Warden, and brethren of the above confraternity, desirous of expressing our pro found respect for your dignity, and our most heartfelb and filial love for your person, beg leave bo approach your Grace on the eve of _ your departure from amongst us, to give expression to these sentiments. To conceal the soirow so deeply felt by us and so universally shared in, nob only by those of your Grace's diocese, but also by tnose ot au dioceses over which your Grace's jurisdiction extends, is quite impossible. Considering your Grace's advanced age, the fatigues of a journey to Europe, and your at- - tachment to your children in Australia, we can not but admire your Graco'a ready response' '? the call of the Holy Father. We fondly hoped that you would not again be separated from us ' till in the good Providence of God you would have been gabhered to your fathers.' ; Bub there is one circumstance which can con sole us for your absence, it is the fact that we will be represented ab the approaching (Ecunae nical Council, by one who has been the tounder and the fabher of the Church in Australasia, where so many substantial signs oi me yiugio™ f of religion are visible, by one whose zeal for its advancement generations yet unborn will bear | testimony. , ,,. | T« hi^iW vour Grace farewell we pray that g you may be guided by the wisdom ot the Al- .g mighty at that great assembly, ami that ere „ many months elapse we may have the pleasure « of welcoming your return to us in increased | ^g^^Kof the brethren of the Holy | °'m$h2bE JOSEPH DWYER Chaplain. J EDWARD JOSEPH RUBLE, Warden. | October 8bh, 1899. . nn(, | His Grace made a reply to each a^ress, aud , we regret that owing to the lateness of ^ boar , able to give them iu the present issue. ? The whole congregation then knelt J; \n, when the Archbisho,. imparted the !£ J^ blessing, after which the people retired f ion tn» ChTht nail steamer leaves this , m -rnUjg punctually ab 9 o'clock- , and the oova^a^^ engaged the steamer Keinbla, co acuuu^.-j. -;- niail boat as far as the heads. _ ; afc His Grace will be acoempamed by his pn * chaplain Padre Colletti, the Right ^ J'*£ Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane, and the Ver) iwr. Dean Lynch, V.F., who are P™oe»hn« .u WJ Eternal City, to take nn.r--. ^ tW^t tounc,u. Catholic AssociATioN.-The , iura-1 meeting of this society was held on I h* - jy last, in the Committee Rooms, St. Mir) *,™ Very Rev. S. J. A. Sheey, V.G,. Pj**™ Theminutes of former meeting having £eea c a firmed and the salaries acoounts for beptem £ voted the following sums were paid in i . p Sacred Heart, £10 5s. ; Newtown, £2: ; O*m. -? « Town, £2 12b. 6.1,; WoU ongonjj , *§-**£ £10 9*. ; St. Francis, £5 12s. ».i. ., ' , £5 ; Sacred Heart, £11 9fl. 5d,; Sb. Be£*lic£ £28 5,. 61. ; Sb. Mary's, £253. ; ^^ r ' rvmmatta, £3 10a. Total amount £91 ^ fi \ Che Rev. Secretary, Father ^ie-S£ hat the amount of money to the P'wU^ottn ?.niety .was over £1200.'. The meeting -tii^ adjourned^ 