THE ELECTIONS. Dubtnts the week past some of the con stituencies have made their choice of members. Some of the seats have been contested ; others have been filled with out onnosition. Newtown has sent hn el- Mr. .IS.: C. Brown. The £25 to 'St. Mary's, and the casks of porter and ale bad doubtless something to do with the result. His opponent, Mr. Shepherd, was too late in appearing in the field. But for this circumstance he must have succeeded. The thick and thin support which Mr. Brown gave the Ministry: during the past Session, mid the one before,, lost him many friends who held him in respect before, and felt grateful to him for hi former services. His talk was endless, and his reasons only the reasons which a petty-fogging lawyer would advance. Accustomed as he is to talk by tho yard in the District Court; and to bamboozle the ermine, he resorted to such unstatesmanlike tactics to help the Ministry. This disgusted a large number of his former supporters, as is seen in the large minority which opposed him on only two day's, notice. It would have served him well if Mr. Shepherd had taken his place (for with- i out doubt he is the better man) ; but the narrow escape which Mr. Brown has had of reverting to the comforts of pri-, vato life, will probably bo of use in warn ing him that he has not Newtown as a pocket borough. Let him beware of re- < pbating his past unreasoning support ; for a little more will turn the scale. It is gratifying that Mr; G;. W. Allen, was secured for the Glebe. ,, Hp, ( will prove a good mfembcr. He ...will, pot he sWaycd by any of the " crumbs," 'which have powerful attractions for. certain waiters on Providenc,.' '..'His.',' .ppsijaon . and' character .jut\hj|m£;,aboyp\'oso miserable tricks which have" distinT, guish'ed .seine of our- late , jVLPs. . And, his utterances in his' written and spoken addresses arc 1 decided1 and', intelligent ; so that, the entrance of hlr. Allen into Parliament will bp hailed by ell true Protestants, aixi lovers of English instir: tutiohs' as an omen of good. ' »Ye liope itjat'his Influence and gifts' will at' once be devoted to the liberal' side, to put an 'end. to the past wretched.. policy bf trio', ming-.to priests., ' V, ' J The Patprsbix ' has r'etmhed the Hon .. MyArhola .ithout oppositiop., , It .cpqljl 1 not1 well do otherwise. Its member beid the most honourable position in the late Assembly, and he held it with unques tioned ability and: dignity Often tried in the contests of parties, Mr. Arnold has always .shown himself above the strifes We have admired the calm dignity with which he has ruled this one " out of order," and that one "in order, " when he must, have felt that anger and indign'si-- tion were deserved. Men of the Cum in ings stamp have spoken insolently of tho ruling of the chair,, and have shown a dis position to be Very dogged in giving reasons. But, not in one instance has the Speaker; amid all the roar of contending faction, and. amid all theoutting' shafts of the independent members," lost control; of , the calm view of tho question ; and' when, in. committee, ho gave his vote, if was always on the side of liberal politics.' The priests do not like Mr. Arnold; Thoy remember his remarks at the timo' of the Prince shooting. The Freeman did its best to provoke him to a discussion but Mr. Arnold was above the attacks of such an enemy, and accordingly ho liaav simply held to his opinions. The Schools' Act is safe in the hands of Mr. Arnold. The Illawarra constituency has rejected Mr. John Stewart, and put in Mr.' Osborne. This will be the occasion of joy to the priests, although tho two men" are not to be compared in any particular, —the rejected being infinitely above" the one who has been clxoien. Next to Mr.' Parke? they hate the late member for Illa warra But their joy is not very, well founded . ' The reason of Mr. Stewart's rejection is not that the people of that electorate have; becomo more favourable to the craft and policy of Rome; it is not that they have lost confidence in Mr. Stewart's hon esty and ability j the causes are purely local. Mr. Osborne is on the spot, and he exercises a great many influences upon ' tho electors. The circle of his friends is wide, and his interests are ramified throughout the district; but we are much . mistaken if he prove less hostile than Mr. Stewart to that corrupting scheming-' which ha3 lately . been going on between St, .Mary's and Macquarie-street, and ' which be will soon discover when ho gets wiihin the bar of the House. Mr. Stow- art need not regard the loss of his old district as any great triumph, to the- v enemy. Under the circumstances it was almost inevitable. Plenty of the electo rates will be glad of his services. Few mo n ooaU ' bo tro roc Spared frnfri the House than Mr. John Stewart. Whatever errors he commits are credit- able to him. A thoroughly honest and : fearless man, his sole object is to do- justice; and not of any man in the House could anything more honour able or satisfactory be said. It 'is not likely that the House will open without' , his presence. Kiama has coxue up to the mark with . its u-mal courage. It has given Mr. . Parkes a triumph far greater than that ' wliich was given him in East Sydney. We question whether any constituency could have fought the noble battle of , truth and integrity more successfully and valiantly than Kiama lias done. Everything was against Mr. Parkes in this election. The priests had done their utmost to rouse the savage spirit; of their : flocks against him. The pestiferous rags called tho Empire and the Evening News yelped like mangy, dogs at hi3 heels. The ;C East Sydney public had put him ipto- Parliament at the head of the poll, with more votes than were ever polled in this colony, so. that his election for Kiama . / was not required to secure bis place, and -- therefore, in tho event of his being elceted by Kiama the chances were that the tur- ; moil- and expense of another election . would have to be endured by it. Yet, in ; spite of all; tliis,. the gallant little elec- : torato rose to a just sense of the greatness of th o occasion. It scorned the priests ;and; their Romisli slanders. It Bcorned the' counsels of the milk and water gen- .tleinen who : advised moderation. It put tho Empire and the Evening. News in the fire ag _fit; only .to go. up in smoke. And, instead of being daunted by the greatness ; of the tviunipli in East Sydney, it .was > only nerved to do exploits. Therefore, > looking upon the opposing candidate as only a foil,: - tho gallant little electorate > went to. the polliwitb. a, smile of defiance arid honest prido, and in every pollings place, put its late trusty member at the ,'hbad. of t)ie poll. There is a meaning L in ' ; thisAojiich cannot be. misunderstood. ..We , Rbpetixe opposipg), candidate, will k.intajr : - ' pre.t the, meaning, and do . what he , ; ha$; s ,; romjedr-kcep opt of the way and bide : is time, when no great question or issue ifl-to:be "decided."" The " wretched'"driyel- lers : who. :are always;' pointing their morals and: adorning their < tales " by re- tor ring, to the " Kiama! Ghost," will now . lose J their employment. The " v host has not- frightened the electors ot the sea coast .electorate. Those intelligent peo- ple -knew quite well- that -the services of Mr. Parkes in the OTarroll - conspiracy were- honest and spirited. That no con spirators were . found— that after the death of O'Farrell every Irishman pro fessed ' his loyalty— that the Treason Felony Act stamped out the smouldering embers of treason — did not prove that the services of Mr. Parkes had been harsh or -excessive. On the contrary— and the men .of; Kiatna judged it so — all this proved that Cromwellian government, in a time of Fenian excitement, is the government of meroy and justice, while the govern ment of milk and water would be giving seditious scoundrels a notion of bravery and strength.' . We are glad the Hon. Han Egan lias been expelled from paradise. Suchaman ought never to have been in Eden. How the intelligent people of Eden, Panbula, Bega and Moruya could have selected alien a speechless uninfliiential gentleman for a legislator, no creature could ever divine. The- publicans must have had something to do with it. Traffic .in spirits — not ghosts — lias a wondrous power. But recently tlie temperance movement has been making progress in Eden and the surrounding neighbourhood. Protestantism too lias been awakened. The Schools' Act too has had some effect. Our readers will remember that it was in this district of Dan Egan' s — in the beautiful little town of Bega — that the Popish schoolmaster was so well instructed by the priest, and in Jesuit theology, that in his school re turns he entered as present children who were absent, and then defended his procedure by alleging the instructions which he had received from his priest, that although the children were bodily, ab sent, still they were morally present, and as such ought to be entered as present ! ! If in the Eden of old times such popish theology had prevailed tlie Devil would have been outwitted ! We advise Mr. Egan to have recourse to the priest for consolation for his expulsion from the garden 5 probably he will console the lion.' gentleman by informing him that while verily' and indeed — bodily — ex pelled from the Eden electorate, lie is still morally the member. Mr. [Robert son will probably acknowledge sucli a popish distinction, and still address him as the Hon. Dan of the post-office ; and Mr. Samuel. also send him his screw as the Postmaster-General! Mr. Garrett lias secured his election by a majority of only 104'. It is easy to see from the places where he had the ma jority, who were the electors who put him at the head of the poll. With all their efforts, however, the majority is very humiliating to him. He thought the whole electorate was his. The respectable electors of Tcrrava and Numba would not have him. In both these places of the 'district the majority rejected Mr. Garrett. In the other two numerous portions of the electorate the majority which favoured him was very small. The places where he made up liis 104 were tlie small places where it is well known a certain party is congre gated — that party which used to have midnight dances in tlie days of O'Farrell ! Mr. Garrett will, therefore, probably feel like Mr. Robertson when he said, " there is nothing of which to boast in the election." It will bo satisfactory to the country that the driving gentleman who drives the Sydney Municipal Council into con siderable expense and unnecessary trouble, in the shape of lawing, has been driven out of West Macquaric. Mr. Driver has himself to thank. "Natives of the colony" require to 'be taught this .lesson, that some thing eke/be sides the accident of birth is necessary, for the position of a legislator. ; No doubt the Acts for the preservation: of native game .and native oysters, are very important, and very suitable as emana tions from the brain of a " native of the. .colony.";' Mr. Driver, therefore, on re tiring Into the comfort and quiet of domes/to. life, will have this consolation that he served his country in the pro tection of natives — kangaroos and barm- less shell fish ! ' Mr, S. Samuel has been returned un opposed. Strange that ' the men of Orange should have seen a paragon in the Treasurer. But there is no account- ing fortastes. Tfthe men of . Orange had been' Orangcihch they would liave found some roue of local standing, or of " Sydney connexion ' i ! who would have /been better deserving of' the confidence, of the electorate than the Treasurer, who only recently disgriiced' himself by sitting at a holy. Guild breakfast at St. Maw's, on a Sunday morning. As a Jew Mr. Samuel had no particular feeling about the day — Sunday is usually a day of pleasuring with such religionists. But as a Min ister of the Crown he ought lo have had consideration for tho feelings of the majority of the people who, as Protest ants, do attach some kind of sacredness to the day. It appears, however, that the men of Orange did not care for this. Too lazv or too indifferent on political grounds to exert themselves in con nexion with the questions which are now at stake, and too latitudinarian, that is, " charitable," , on the subject of religion, the men of Orange have permitted an adventurer, a mere empiric, as a Treasurer, to walk over their electorate. "When there are such exhibitions of po litical education in the country elector ates, the question does not appear to be extravagant, whether or not such elec torates deserve their privileges. 