THE COUNTRY. I BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.! Sale, 6th February. ' One of the passengers by the immigrant, ship Tornado arrived here with her two chil dren yesterday, (Friday). The child took very ill on the road. On their arrival here the child was found to be sufferiug from typhus fever. The health officer, Dr. Hedley, ia taking every precaution to prevent the spread of the disease. Talbot, 8th February. A thunderstorm passed over Talbot at five o'clock this evening. There was a very heavy fall of rain at the name time, whioh lasted for twenty minutes. The weather is still threaten ing* . Wood's Point, 9th February. Great discontent exists with regard to the recent postal alterations by way of the Yarra Track. A public memorial has been forwarded to the Government advocating tho old system. Belfast, 11th February. The Circuit Court sittings were concluded to-day. Soveral cases were withdrawn. Hy limd and M'Donald, charged with fraud under the Land Act;, surrendered to their bail, and were bound over to appear in Melbourne. The case of Hobbs, charged with manslaughter at Penshurst, was postponed ; as was also that of Mrs Lloyd, for th6 wilful murder of her husband, at Kirkstall. James Kemmins, for bigamy, was sentenced to two years' impriaonment ; Patrick Barnes, for horse stealing, got three years' imprisonment ; Wni. Stewart, for obtaining goods under false pretences, got twelve months ; and Bridget Lovell, for an assault, was sent to gaol for twenty-four hours. Connors and Morley, brought up. on a charge of perjury, were found not guilty and discharged. On the civil list the caae of Must v. Thompson was settled by a verdict . being entered for plaintiff by consent. The annual grain show of the Ballarat Agri cultural and Pastoral Society will be held in tho Alfred Hall, Ballarat, on Saturday, the 13th of March next. Upon good authority, says a local journal of Wednesday, we are in a position to state that Mr W. H. Barnard, receiver and paymaster, Bal larat, haB intimated to Government a desire to be relieved from his duties. Mr Barnard, in his retirement from tho Civil Service, will carry with him tho approbation and regard of many friends. . The Counoil of Ballarat East have originated the enterprising project of opening an inter colonial exhibition at Ballarat about the 1st October next. Support is being sought from ,tbe various boroughicounoils, shires and road boards of the colony, and a meeting ol dele gates from these bodies will be held at Balla rat on the 5th prox. to arrange preliminaries'. TnE Learmonth Regatta tcok place on the 5 th February. There was a very limited at tendance, and the events do not appear to have been of a very interesting character. A New Floor Mill has just been erected at Buninyong, by Messrs Smith and Harvey, two old residents. The capabilities of the es tablishment when tested by constant work would give, it is said, a weekly return of forty tons of flour of that description known as the finest silk-dressed. The cost of the mill so far has been something like £2000. A meeting was held on Friday, 5th inst., at St. John's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, for the purpose of presenting afarewell testimonial to the Rey. Duncan Fraser, late minister of that church. The church was more than half filled, and the chair was taken by Mr Madden. After the meeting had been addressed by the chair man and Mr David Blair, Mr Drummond, the secretary of the congregation, read the address, which was printed on white satin, and with a purse made by Mrs Crawford, containing 63 sovereigns, was presented by the chairman to Mr Fraser. The rev. recipient replied in suit able terms, and the proceedings closed with the customary devotional observances. A Meeting of the Free Selectors' Association was held at the Camp Hotel, Ararat, on Friday afternoon last, at which there was a good atten dance of members. After the preliminary and routine business had been disposed of, it was re solved unanimously that Messrs M'Lellan and Wilson be written to and. asked to support, during the coming session, the object of the as sociation in obtaining the remission of the rental as purchase money; and that all the other kindred associations be invited to send in subscriptions to the parent association at Ararat, as very considerable expense has re cently been incurred by them in the organis ing of a movement which has for its object the welfare of4 all free selectors throughout the colony. On 4th inst.1, 'at' the Kyneton Police Court, George Fredk. Green, juu., lately Town Clerk of the Borough of Malmsbury, was brought up on a charge of having forged to a receipt the signature of Messrs Evans Brothers, of Melbourne, and with having made use of if knowing it to be forged. The evidence ©f Mr Adamson, Town Clerk of Malmsbury, of, Mi- Thomas Brown, beokkeeperin the employment of Messrs Evans Brothers, and of Robert Hyndam, agent for tho Bank of Victoria at Malmsbury, having been taken, Mr Bayne, whs conducted the prosecution, applied, for a remand to enable him to obtain some additional, evidence to complete the case, as also some others of embezzlement which would be preferred against the prisoner. He was therefore remanded till the 11th inst. The bench, in reply to the prisoner, intimated that they would accept bail, two sureties in £250 eaeh. A Terrible Accident occurred on the 2nd inst. to a farmer named Gibbs, residing at Opossum Gully, Ararat. Gibbs was, we learn, eDgaged in stacking hay, and while building the rick he stocjd too far over the edge and fell with some force upon a hay knife which he was then holding in; his hand. The blade entered the calf of the man's leg and severed an artery. Those who were near rendered assistance as promptly as possible, but notwithstanding their exertions the bleeding continued. Gibbs was placed upon a cart as quickly as could be ex pected under the circumstances, and every effort was made to stanch the wound, but in vain. When about half the distance from his place towards the Ararat Hospital, the unfor tunate man expired. An inquest was held on Tuesday evening afc the hospital, and a verdict returned in accordance with the circumstances above narrated. Persons travelling along the Ballarat rail way line, says a Geelong paper, would hardly imagine that the Leigh-road station, one of the most quiet-looking roadside stations on the line, is the centre of a very, large traffic. lathe wool season, many thousands of bales of wool find their way to market from thence ; the fruit sp.nnonis the source of hundreds of cases of fruit passing along the line daily from this station ; and, besides this, a large district obtains its s ipplies from Melbourne and Geelong through this station. In addition to this, thousands of sheep are at times ' shipped' for Melbourne from this station. On the 9th inst., over 4000 were sent away to Melbourne.. They were from Mr Neil Blaok's ektion in the Western District, and wore in good condition. The goods train, leaving shortly before five o'clock from Leigh- road, was a very long one, in cluding 23 sheep trucks, besides goods trucks, passenger carriages, and guards' vans, in all making up about 40 in number. Whilst the Impounding Act is generally looked upon as entailing a great deal of ex panse aud annoyance on tlio owners of cattle impounded, it seems that sometimes it illus trates tli j proverb that ' it is an ill wind t1 at blowa nobody good.' A short time back a horse which, like Pharaoh's kite, was ' lean aud ill-favored,' strayed upon the property of a neighbor, who promptly placad it in a subur ban pound, the keeper of which, as in duty b iund, had to supply it with tbree weeks' sus t nrace, according to the act, 'in that case made and provided.' An advertisement in the Gazette duly notified that the animal would be sold last week, and a friend of the owner a'.tended the sate, when it was knocked down to him at the low price of Is, looking very much better for its three weeka' sojourn in tho pounrikeeper'a paddock. The ovner of tho beast Las a few more cattle in a very low con dition, and no doubt he would bo glad if some neighbor kindly impounded them at the same price.— Courier, Feb. 3. The annual meeting of members of the Bal larat East Public Library waa held in the lecture room on the 5th inst. ; Mr E. Stein ftlil, Mayor of Ballarat East, in the chair. Tho report was adopted. The committee elected were Messrs E. Steinfeld, C. Dyte, W. B. W. H. Thompson, W. Scott, E. Eastwood, G. W. F. Patterson, J. G. Gardner and A. F. Rowe. Messrs Anderson and Charlesworth were re-elected auditors. Votes of thanks were accorded to the committee and the offiofirs for their services dnring the past year, and Mr Bagge, the architect of the new buildiDg, to whom it was also resolved to present a written testimonial, and to the Press. A hearty vote of thanks was also accorded to Mr E. Steinfold, the chairman, on the motion of Mr W. Scott, seconded by Mr Dyte, both of whom spoke in oulogiBtio terms of tho services rendored by Mr .Steinfeld. With tho assistance of Mr Dyto and other representatives iu Parliament, the committee of this institution hoped soon to get a grant towards meeting the expenses incurred in the erection of the building. People who want an idea as to the safe keeping of money may gather a hint from the case of .King and wife v Rowlands, heard in the Ballarat County Court on the 5th inst., when Mrs King stated that she had been requested to take care of £160 for the defendant's wife, and so put it ' under a sitting hen' for safety. A Correspondent writes to a country paper to say that last season he sent the skin of a black swan home to London to test the market for such products. He has been informed in answer that it would only fetch 2s, and that the price was more likely to fall than to rise. It is evident, therefore, that the shipping of these skins to the London market will not pay. Apublio meeting, says a local paper, was held at Carisbrook, on Tuesday evening, the 2nd inst., with respect to the secret presentation to the Minister of Justice of a petition against the appointment of Mr W. A. Smith, ex-mayor, as a permanent justice of the peace. The views expressed by the speakei-3 accord with those of the ratepayers generally, who strongly condemn the underhanded manner in which the petition was presented. On the 3rd inst. the employes on the railway line between Sandhurst and Echuca invited Mr Scott, Railway Inspector, to a fare- well dinner, in the new school-room, at El- more, and presented him with a valuable gold watch, suitably inscribed, as a token of their esteem on the occasion of his leaving the district to superintend a portion of the Mel- bourne and Albury railway line. An intelligent Celestial, for many years resi dent in Talbot, informs the local paper that tho cause of the present exodus of hia countrymen is to be found in the fact that the Imperial Chinese Government has caused letters to be written to Australia and California, offering great inducements to skilled miners to go home and work the recently discovered Chinese gold fields. ? The Ministerial inspection of the water works connected with the Coliban scheme has been followed already by some result. Tenders are invited and will be received- until 2nd March for the completion of the dam across the Coliban, and the construction of an outlet ower and other works for the reservoir at Malmsbury. Mr Sullivan also invites tenders for the construction of a service reservoir and filter beds at Lovely Banks, in connection with the Geelong water supply. An Accident that might have deprived the Ballarat Water Supply Committee of its fore man of works happened at two o'clock on the morning of the 5th February. Five men, Mr Peter Love among the number, were engaged in constructing a new valve near the head of Webster-street, at a depth of fourteen feet below the surface, when the earth fell in, and buried Mr Love up to the shoulders. After some trouble he was got out of his perilous position, and has, fortunately, escaped with a fright and a few bruises. It appears that, notwithstanding the incen tive of a promised bonus of £1000 for the suc cessful establishment of a Victorian whaling fleet, the Geelong and Ballarat Company has found it impossible to carry out its project. A GeeloDg paper of Monday announces that it is defunct, the people of both' towns being either too busy with mining investments or too apathetic to go into the speculation. The Gee long and Ballarat Company was wound up at a meeting held at the Victoiia Hotel on Saturday afternoon, the committee subscribing sufficient to pay the preliminary expenses. It 13, how ever, very likely that a private company will be formed. The drought has driven all kinds of animals into the home station at Katandra, where they devour everything that it is possible for them to eat. Troops of kangaroos prowl about the garden at night and do their share of mischief, while the opossums, which have cleared tho grapes, peaches, plums, &c;, are now eating the leaves and stems of the fruit trees. These latter have also found their way to the hot beds, and regale themselves on the choicest flowers. Indeed, it is quite impossible to keep anything, in consequence of their ravages. A rrnnHnnnfiTi down the river thinks a verv anc eessful trade might be done by any one who would make it a business to breed kangaroo dogs, as kangaroos will soon take the place of sheep in that part of the country. During the course of the present week, says a Geelong paper of Saturday, a loafer has per petrated a Bwindlo on the keeper of a private board and residence establishment in such a deliberate manner that it should be made public. This fellow represented himself to be suffering from illnose, and stated that he could not make any agreement to pay for his food and lodging per the week, as his medical adviser had directed him to travel about as much as1 he possibly could, but he would arrange for the payment of so much per day to go and come when ho liked. His story appeared bo plausible that he found accommodation at the establishment of a widow lady, where ho was made very comfortable, es pecial attention being paid to his wants in con sequence of his alleged sufferings. The fact of hia having no luggage aroused no suspicion in tho mind of the kind-hearted landlady, but she found, to her sorrow, that she had taken somebody in who in return for her kindness 'took her in,' for on the third day he left without paying his bill. On the last day the fellow was in the house he altered his appf ar- ance entirely by shaving off the greater portion of his board; and it is believed he must be some runaway striving to prevent detection. He gave the name of Lewis. Sectarian prejudices run high in Belfast. No less than two attempts have been mado to get the venue changed from Belfast ta Mel bourne in tho case of Flannngan, the police constable, who was committed for trial for the murder of sergeant Hull, at Hamilton, some time ago. The police, on tho representation of the friends of the murdered man, recommended that the venue should be changed to Melbourne on tho ground that in consequence of tho con flict of Catholics and Protestants at Belfast, Flannagan, if tried there, would probably be acquitted, Flannagan being a Catholic. The Attorney General refused to change the venue for the reason assigned, on tha ground that if he recognised the existence of suoh a feeling in this case be would not be warranted in sending any person to be tried at Belfast afterwards. The prisoner next applied for a change of venue to Melbourne, and, curiously enough, urged similar reasons to those put forth by tho friends of the murdered man, namely, that Pretestant fueling runs so high at Belfast that he would not stand ? a chance of being acquitted, the murdered man having been a Protestant 1 Tho Attorney General, however, has consent d to give the prisoner the benefit of the change of venue, and the trial will consequently take place in Mel bourne. The Freemasons of Ballarat are understood to contemplate the erection of a hall for the use of the brotherhood. A Local Journal states that a number of people in the Bendigo district have already adopted the recommendation of the Central Board of Health, by getting themselves re vaccinated. , ' , The Ballarat Evening Paper of Monday states that it has been informed on good authority that a drunken fellow made his ap pearance on the Miners' Racecourse at Sebas topol on Saturday afternoon while a cricket match was being played, and brandished a large knife with which he threatened to kill some one. He so thoroughly intimidated the cricketers and spectators that the greater' portion of them took to their heels and ran away as fast as they could. No attempt seems to have been made to arrest the ruffianly in truder. Mr Rigbye has received orders from Messrs Clarke and Co. to close the share list for the Waterworks Compauy, which has been accord ingly done. Although, this enterprise has en countered a very lukewarm reception at the hands of the inhabitants . of Spring Creek, it seems that the Melbourne shareholders are de termined to carry it out. One thing very much in favor of the venture is the fact that, for domestic purposes, the water near the township in Major's Creek is totally unfit for use, and the town is now supplied with water actually brought from the Goulburn river, which is in very great demand. The Beaufort paper says : — ' The largest snake we have heard of in the colony was killed on 3rd inst., on the west side of the Mount Cole ranges. It appears that two men, one on foot and the other mounted, were going through the scrub, when the pedestrian, who was some yards in advance of his companion, saw a monster snake coming (as ho thought) directly towards him. He ran back, aud the horseman, being armed with a gun, at once shot the reptile dead. It was found to mea sure over' fourteen feet in length, and 4s de scribed as being about the thickness of a man's thigh. Oar informant (a perfectly reliable person) says the specimen was of a kind quite strange to him, its color being of a shining silvery grey. The defunct snake was taken to Avoca by some draymen, and it is to be hoped it will be preserved for scientific examination.' A Most melancholy and fatal accident hap pened on Tuesday, 2nd February, in York street, Sale. About three o'clock on the afternoon of that day, Mrs Smith, of St. Leonards, accompanied by her daughter, Mra Johnson, with an infant, were returning home in a buggy. When passing Mr Jensen's tim ber yard the horse suddenly became fractions, and defying all attempts to restrain him, started off at a swift gallop, suddenly swerved from the road, brought the vehicle into con tact with a stump, and upset the conveyance, the occupants being precipitated violently out. Several persons who happened to be in the vicinity rushed to the scene, and perceiving the unfortunate ladies were much injured, promptly procured medical assistance. Mrs Smith was placed in a waggonette for the pur pose of being conveyed to the hospital, but she expired ere she reached that institution. Mrs Johnson was .found to have suffered very serious injuries, her leg having been very badly fractured. Marvellous to relate, the in fant escaped entirely unscathed. Mrs Johnson was admitted into the hospital, where she is progressing satisfactorily. With reference to the forgery on Messrs Lan dale, for whioh a man of the name of. Tittle was recently committed for trial by the City Bench, the Pastoral Times says : — ' The se cond man, who is not yet taken,, is called Fors ter, and they had both recently left Pent ridge. The latter is represented as an accom plished forger — a splendid delineator of signa tures. Both men passed through Deniliquin on a trip overland to Sydney, and in going through. Deniliquin they managed to secure, at a store on the north side, a cheque drawn by Landale Brothers, which enabled the forgers to operate. As they were known to have been so re cently discharged from Pentridge, they were Buspected, and were under tho surveillance of tho detectives — particularly of one of the prin cipal officers, detective John Williams, whose affection for Tittle and Forster has been of the most tender kind, always looking after the health of the erring mortals. As the alleged forgers moved about from place to place their movements wore known, until all of a sudden the men were lost sight of; eventually Tittle was discovered in Sydney, finely dressed, but rather * loud.' He is provided for ; and unless Forster has left tho country it is likely thut he will join his late companion in crime, Mesers Landale, we are glad to say, do not lose the money ; the fault ia with the Bank -of Victoria, wherG more care should have been taken in cashing for a stranger so large a cheque as £1500.' : The following paragraph appeared in a Ballnrat paper of Monday: — ' Ou Friday evening the bar of tho Brunswick Hotel, Sturt street, was the scene ol a litMa horsewhipping affair, tho facts of which as related to us are as follows : — Some time ago, when Mr John Ran dall, the plaiutiff in Randall v. Hunt, hoard in the County Court on Friday, was a lorJger at Hunt's Hotel, he addressed a letter to the landlord complaining of the behavior of one of the waiters. The result of this complaint, strengthened by others from Mr C. Randall, was that tho waiter was discharged, but a few mon*hs.back was again taken into the service of Mr Hunt, who then gavo the mnn tho lotter * received from Mr John Randall, and the waiter, it is alleged, satisfactorily explained the ohnrges contained- therein. However, smarting1 un der the insult of his summary dismissal, he resolved to have his revenge, and accordingly waited an opportunity to bo even with Mr Randall, whom he regarded as his. detractor. Accordingly on Friday evening \xq met the Messrs Randall in the Brunswick Hotel, and having produced the letter, demanded of the brothers, and especially Mr John Randall, an explanation of their conduct or substantiation of the charges made. The waiter was told that the Messrs Randall wished to havo nothing to say to him ; and finding at '.the ond of some minutes that his purpose was not to be gained, he raised his oano and gave Mr John Randall several blows, and when Mr Charles Rnndall interfered ho r- peated the treatment on him. Several pern ms were in tho bar at tho time, and were applied to for help on behalf of the Messrs Rnndall, but this, we understand, they declined to afford. Since writing tho foregoing we bave heard that Mr C. Randall and the wniter, whose name we havo not learned* mot on Saturday night in Start-street, near the CatLoi'ic Church, and that Mr Randall was Uien aqverely aa BauHed.' 'Writing of the murderer of Mr Cheale, the St. Amaud Mercury of tbe 6th instant says : ' It was currently reportod on 4th inst., that Vair had called at Mr Flugg's hotel, East Charlton, and procured some provisions. Until the intelligence of his capture reaches St Ar naud, people here will not disabuse their minds of the fact that they believe that he ia still in ihe scrub.' The late opportune rains have greatly cheered the graziers and farmers about the Rosedale district, particularly those who suf fered by the late 'extensive bush fires. Where but a few weeks since the earth was black from burnt: grass and leaves, there is now a luxu riant growth of herbage, in many places fully four inches in height, giving quite an appear ance of springtide to the pastures. The good effect is also apparent in the appearance of the cattle, who are already showing signs of im provement in their condition. Another boon has been the partial filling up of several water holes, which had succumbed to the drought of the early part of the season. It will be Batisfaotory to the Sandhurst and Castlemaine people to see that, besides the completion of the Malmsbury dam, &a; , tenders have been called for the construction of outlet works at Barker's Creek, tho construction of outlet works for the Expedition Pass Reser voir, and for the completion of tunnel No. 4 and the aqueduct approaches at Satton Grange. At Geelong also tenders are called for the construction of aqueduct, flumes and tunnels from Stony Creek .Reservoir to Anakies ; also for the construction of outlet works for the reservoir and for the carriage of pipes frem * Geelong and distribution along pipe track via Lovely Banks to Anakies. How the inspection of public works has been conducted here in years gone by, says a Gee long parjer, may be now seen at the back of the Custom House. The Bay frontage of that building had sunk so much as to endanger its safety, and after survey it was found that the only remedy would be to underpin tbe massive stone wall, here three stories high. This was rendered necessary owing to the extraordinary nature of tha-foundation that the then inspec tor of worlds allowed the builder to put in. Altogether the whole of. the underground work is a dip.graoe to all who were connected with it. Tne contractors for removing all this rub bish, and underpinning the wall with solid blocks of stone, well squared and jointed, are proceeding satisfactorily with the work, and warn completed it will render this important braiding completely safe. At the Ballarat police court on Monday, Matthew Hardy, well known amongst the *' fancy,' was complained of for using threaten ing and abusive language to his wife, who told a tale of sorrow and suffering that could not fail to excite a feeling of pity and commise iration amongst her hearers. According to her statement no treatment would appear to have ibeen too bad for this strong scientific pugilist to indulge in towards his family. His daughter (the mother said) he had savagely assaulted, having struck her on the face in such a manner as to leave ample evidence of his brutal beha vior, and to make matters worse he had ordered fthe girl to take to the streets for her living. The defendanthad also conducted himself in a somewhat similar manner to his wife and young children. The bench inflicted a fine of 40s, with1 the alternative of seven days' impri sonment. A very severe, thunderstorm passed over Sandhurst about six o'clock on Monday evening. The pieceB of ice were unusually largo at first, and irregular in shape ; one piece picked up by a venturesome individual and measured was 3| inches in circumference. Rain followed which only lasted twenty minutes, but in that time four-fifths of an inoh of water fell. The street channels overflowed, and in some of the streets the water extended in a broad sheet irom side to side. The most damaging effects of the storm were to be seen at the ?establishment of Buiok and Co. (the Bee live), where the immense hailstones smashed some thirty panes of glass in the large skylights over the drapery portion of the eatablishment. The giass having been smashed, the hail and sain poured in, and played sad havoc with the Jrail goods below. The collection of hailstones and other materials on the roof causing an ob struction in the gutters, the water accumulated and poured down through the broken windows. The damage done to the goods has not yet been ?estimated, but it ia expected that it will be very 'considerable. James Neill was charged at the Castle maine Police Court, with illegally tres passing on the premises of the Daily News ?newspaper, after being warned to leave. Mr Paynter, for the complainant, said that tbe con tending parties had been in partnership, as joint proprietors of the Daily News newspaper. G?he 11th clause of the partnership indentare ^was to the effect that in the event of either of ihe contracting parties habitually neglecting liis duties, engaging in gambling or any disre putable game of chance, or UBing the name of ihe firm to obtain money for hia private rase without the consent of the other, the same should be expelled from the part nership. He would be able to prove that the defendant Neill had broken every covenant in this clause, that he had received due notice of the termination of the partnership, that the premises were leased to and held by Mr Quarrill, and not Quarrill and Neill, and that rent for them had been paid by Mr Quarrill. He would. prove this by docu mentary evidence, and would then, by a number of witnesses, prove that the defendant Neill had been guilty of all the acts attributed to him. He weuld show that, after expelling him from the firm, as a consequence of the breaches he had committed, the defendant had attempted violence in trying to get possession of the pre mises, and that to proteot bis property, the complainant was compelled to give the defen dant in charge. Mr Paynter was about to call the complainant, when Mr Merrifield, for the defendaut, said the act on whioh the present proceedings had been taken ' was the 20th Victoria, No. 265, which was to the effect that if one person in aotual and un disputed possession found another person trespassing, and the person so trespassing, after he had been warned by the owner, or a person authorised on his behalf, to leave, he negleoted or refused to do so. No question as to title or possession arising in nny way. Now, the case at issue did not come under the provisions of that aot; and then as to Mr QaarriH being personally the tenant of the pre mises, he contended that it was quite irrele vant to the point in question. Mr Heron, P.M., said that the point had been decided by the Chief Justice. It involved a question of partnership, and the bench therefore had no jurisdiction. — Daily Nexo's, February 9. The farmers in many parts of the Mary borough district seem to be completely disap pointed with regard to the yield of wheat. In many plaoes the yield will not be more than seven bushels to the aero. A Daylesfokd paper of Monday says:— ' We 8om«time since announced that Mr J. 0. Rainer had recovered from the injuries received by him five weeks ago while travelling from Castlemaine to Daylesford. Mr Rainer had, however, a relapse whioh confined him to his room again, but he is now almost quite well, and able to attend to business.' The Bendi-.jo papers of Wednesday give ad ditional particulars of the damaging effects of the violent storm of rain and hail which took place in that district on Monday evening last, A large number of vineyards and gardens was rendered almost desolate, and a considerable quantity of produce was swept away in various localities by the floods in the creeks. A Report was spread about Kyneton on Saturday that one or two children in a house in Simpson- street were affected with smallpox. The report quickly came to the ears of the coroner, Dr. Geary, who, in company with Dr. Pestell, repaired to the house in question, and found the rumor to be totally without foundation, and that the two childreu in ques tion were simply suffering from a mild attack of chicken- pox, which has been rather preva lent here amongst children lately. ? ? ? . By the annual report presented to the town council by Eustace J. Walshe, Esq., tbo'officer of hea'th, it would appear that the average of births in the town of Geelong during the year 1868 was about 3J per cent., the average of deaths being about lg per cent. The popula tion was estimated at 16,000, and the number of births was set down at 516, the number of deaths being 298. This must be deemed highly satisfactory, especially when the inefficient drainage of the town is taken into considera tion. On Saturday night, about ten o'clock, Mr HainseUin, of Rutherglen, hearing a noise in his vineyard, went out to see the cause, when he discovered a man with a shirt tied up full of grapes. On remonstrating with him, a scuffle ensued, and the wretch cut him severely about the face, and inflicted several gashes in the throat. Fortunately the knife was blunt, or the consequences would have been very serious. The police are on the track of the ruffian, and it is to be hoped will soon succeed in bringing him to justice. The late dry weather is reportad to have had a very serious effect oh the country in the neighborhood of Lake Cooper. The harvest may now be said' to be over, and it is to be regretted that the average of the craps is far from satisfactory, although the farmers are not at all discontented with the selections they have made. The waters of the Lake are very rapidly shrinking, and it is feared that unless raina ensue they may again entirely dis appear. The inhabitants of Corop have de cided on having a day'8 racing on the 17th March. A Geelong Paper says : — :' It is said that about three o'clock on Monday morning, while a gentleman was lying in his bed, he felt the shock of an earthquake, which, though slight, was perfectly . distinct. His wife was at the same time awoke with the peculiar sensation, and both heard a rambling and distinct noise. This was at Newtown, Another gentleman, who resides also at Newtown, states that he heard a sound about the same time, which, though bearing a resemblance to thunder, was different enough to be noticeable, but he oh sflrvorl no vibration.' We take the following from the Dayleeford paper of Wednesday : — ' A case in the police court seems to require the attention of Mr Grant. One Turner, through an agent, sum moned another person named Smith for tres pass on an allotment at Deep Creek, applied for under the 42nd clause. The agent said that he lived on an adjoining allotment, but Turner lived in Melbourne. Aa a license had not yet been issued for the land, we should like to know how complainant could proceed for tres pass, especially as he is non-resident. The afiair looks to us like an instance of attempted dammyism. We should add tbat the case was adjourned to consider a question of title raised for the defence.' The Albebton Shibe Council have called a public meeting for the 2nd March, to consider the advisability of constructing a cheap line of r ilway between Welshpool and Sale. This, says a Sale newspaper, is certainly about the twentieth time that our worthy friends of South Gipps Laud have raised this ghost of tbe Port Albert and Sale Railway. They might just as sensibly expend their surplus energies in an at tempt co organise a company to raise the wind without any regard to the commercial capabili ties of their district, or a company which is to give everybody everything without submitting them to the vulgar necessity of working for a living. We learn, says a Ballarat paper, that the Public Works department has for some time had under consideration the desirability of sel ling the greater part of the site of thepolicebar raoks, and ereoting others on the site of the old court house near the gaol. If this idea is carried out, it is probable that a police court will be erected near the Bite of the present te legraph office, and that the design of the post offioe will be continued round into Lydiard street, to provide accommodation for the of ficers of the survey, treasury and telegraph de partments. It is certainly about time that the hideous cells so long made to do duty an tele graph office and treasury were cleared away. A Misapprehension, says a Ballarat paper of Tuesday, the 9 th inst., has been occasioned relative to the Sunken Ships Recovery Com pany (the new one) , which we willingly correct. The idea is that the deposit accompanying ap plications for shares will be expended in con testing the validity of the late purchase of the old company's plant. Owing to thia notice fewer applications were made yesterday than would otherwise have been the case. The facts are these : — Messrs John Ditchburn, Claxton, and Merrin have been appointed trustees of the deposit money, whioh will be returned by them to the applicants in case the title to the new company should not be perfeot, and this will be at once ascertained. From what we can learn, and onr information comes from the best source, there is no doubt the new company will start upon a fair basis, as regards title and possession of both patent and plant. The debts of the old company are about £1100, whioh it is proposed to pay off at once out of the £1380 derivable from deposit's. A call will then be made, and the City of Launceston extricated as quickly as possible from her oozy bod. The time for re ceiving applications for shares has been ex tended until to-day ; and the extraordinary meeting to be held on Thursday will no doubt put everything shipshape for a fa.ir start, A Case in which a dispute occurred between Mr Arnold, a resident of Ballarat, and Mr Cromie, a farmer of Dowliug Forest, about dogs, and in which Mr Cromie received a very sovere cut on the side of tho head, and was knocked off his horse by Mr Arnold, occupied two hours at the District Court on Tuesday, and was concluded by Arnold being com mitted for trial on a charge of assaulting and inflicting grievous bodily harm upon the com plainant. A cross-summons case for assault was dismissed. The Eastern Borough Council, Ballarat, on Tuesday evening took into consideration the Water Supply Committee's recommendation that a bill be prepared, to be snbmitted to Par liament, giving the two councils power to borrow £200,000, and after some. discussion it was decided to ask the committee to prepare the skeleton of the bill whioh it was thought should be submitted. During the conversation on the subject, the Mayor referred to the late visit of the Government to the Ballarat Water works, and related remarks which proved to what an extent the energy and perseverauce of Ballarat in the matter of water supply is appre ciated by those at the bead of affairs. ? A Sample of a peculiar stone has been for warded to the Warrnambool paper from Cardie's Inlet, by Mr J. M. Me*-k. It greatly resembles bath brick in appearance, and is fully equal, if not superior, to that article for burnishing pur poses, brightening steel or brass very rapidly. It appears to be a species of sandstone, but is remarkably fine and soft, a touoh of the finger sufficing to pulverise its surface. Mr Meek mentions that he sends this in consequence of a paragraph in a Melbourne paper stating that stone of the same kind had been discovered in the neighborhood of Geelong, whioh was likely to become of commercial value. He knows where there are vast deposits of this material in the locality of Curdie's Inlet, and these, if of commercial value, might add to the prosperity of Warrnambool and its district. He also Bays that there are many varieties of clays in that part of the country, well adapted for the manufacture of delf ware. Mr Irvine has also brought us a small block of stone similar to that sent by Mr Meek, stating that it was obtained near the Hopkins ; it is whiter, and rather harder and more scratchy than the other specimen, but is the same in character. ? The great Town Hall question, says a Ballarat paper, was settled on Tuesday night, at a special meeting of the Western Counoil, when the plans and specifications were adopted, and tenders for the whole works ordered, re turnable by the 9th March. Crs. Cuthbertand Cowan were absent, and Or. Chalmers, who gallantly maintained a single-handed fight in opposition, was in the traditionally glorious minority of one. Rumors of fights to come are however in the air. Some wealthy non pontent burgesses are said to have put down some dust for two legal contests with the council. One is an action to test the lega lity of the expenditure of Ballarat West rates upon the Alfred Hall, which is outside that borough. The other is a motion for ah in junction to be made the moment the council lays the first stone of the proposed shops. But the council, on Tuesday, received a tele gram stating that the power to lease the shops passed the Governor in Council that day, and will become operative without delay, so it is probable tint the wind will in that way be taken out of the sails of the injunction squadron. .^. ???? ~' Some People on the Corner, sayB a Ballarat paper of Wednesday, who, however the. public may view the late horse whipping which the waiter at Hunt's Hotel inflicted on the Messrs Randall, seem to look upon it with satisfaction, and hold the waiter in the light of a hero, are at present making up a subscription list on the Corner, to present him with a gold- mounted whip. The list was shown to us on Tuesday, and is made up to about £4 now, whioh it is expeoted to largely augment when the article has got to be bought. One who had said he had seen the occurrence on Saturday evening, on Tues day amused some of his friends by a descrip tion of the scene. From his description it ap pears that while what was alleged to be a whipping was being administered to one of the gentlemen in question the other made consider able efforts to get a witness from amongst a number of gentlemen near by. The gentlemen, however, were by all aocounts determined to be oblivious of the whole proceeding, and none of them 'saw' what happened: one beoause he was looking another way, another because he had left bis spectacles at home, a third because he was well known to be particularly short sighted when pugilistic encounters were going on, a fourth because he was in the middle of a novel, and could not be disturbed, and so on, for various reasons. After many appeals to the surrounding loungers to witness his brother being treated in so unnatural a manner, we believe the searcher for evidence only became aware of the great truth of the saying that ' there are none so blind as those who don't want to see.' 