NEW SOUTH WALES. (From tlio 8. IT. Rtralt of tlio I5IL iniUnt.) TELEOBll'HIC C0UHDNICAT10.V WITH EKOI.ANn AK1I AUEMCA. Last night Mr E. C. Crackncll road a paper before tlie Iioyal Society on tho subject of telegraphic communication between Australia, India, Europe, and America. Mr Crackncll points out that only ono or two short sections are now requisite, to complete tlio circuit between Sydney aud London ; and ho estimates that that portion in which Australia is chiefly concerned — namely, from tho Gulf of Carpentaria to the Island of Java, a distance of 1900 miles — could bo laid for £500,000. It appears tbat Mr A. Frazcr has applied to tho Government of Netherlands India (for a concession to land a cable on tho oast coast of Java, to connect Australia, under a subsidy or guarantee. Mr I'Vucr proposes* to ask from the Government* of the Australian colonies a guarantee of 7 per cent, on a moiety of Iho cost of construction, and tho amount which they would thus be asked ia contribute is sot down at £17,500. The proportion payable by New BouUi Wules would siinnly be £4375, in tlie event of the iraDic not paying a dividend of 7 per cent, over and above tbe working expenses. ACltOICKT TO TtIK 0AIHVI1IKIE. The Marghormgh Chnmiclc slates thai nn accident hap'icnc.01 to (lie Co. run - dinis, at a place twenty-two miles from Maryborough. The coach wus going at the rate of about ten miles an hour on a smooth road, lvhen it came in contact with a tree. Miss Itosiim Curamlini, who was riding outside for the benelit of the fresh oir, wns thrown nmone; the horses, but marvellously escaped with only a few bruiws. Miss Fanny Caran dini was thrown forward ugainst one of the bars that sup|K-rt tho roof of tho coach, and lm*l her check badly cut. A DKSI'EIUTK tU8E OF U4TTI.K 8TEAL 1 lie J rt«s L.oi/r)fr reports tuat a case of callle stealing of tlie description which is technically known as 'death by the round swam])' occurred last week nt Pudman — the scene of many a similar offence. Tlie present one is if anything worse than any that has prececieil it, as on' of the dcliqucnts, not content with stealing, was nearly adding murder Ui his crime. An old inmi nanml M'Ooon, who has some cattle on tbe Pudman, misseil a beast, mid Fiispectiiifi what bail become of it, went to .Mrs Fuller's place, which we understand is no great distance from his own, and there discovered a man, who goes bv the nmni' of Iilack Harry, and who had been living with him, in the net, kkmkM by Mrs Fuller, of hoisting up on th11 fallows tlio earcase of the missini: Wa-it. On seeiu*; M'Uoon, Mrs Fuller calli-l -.ut to Hlark Harry, who is something mure to tlio woman than mere butcher, to shoot the ? , upon which Harry discharged a shot from a gun at old M'Goon, wlioofcoiu-c refreafoii \vi(!i ali possiMc. ci-pcilitiun. Mrs Fuller, however, followed him with an axe, intending, as she said to do for the oM wretch. M'Goon succe.-.|ed in getting awny safely, and went into Iturnnva, where be p-ocured a warrant for Dlack Harry and tlie woman, bolh of whom wore arrested by sergeant Cornell and constable Murphy. The man has been committed to take his trial, and the woman remanded for fur ther eviilenco, bail being Inkell for her appearance, Mr Stuart and Mr Bed;, tbe poun-lki-vpi-r, entering into the required recognisance. Tbe name of Fuller must Im familiar to t'.ose who attended tbe Vass sessions mimic years ago. DIAMONDS. IIytlieniH-p- ii-i.Mn.iil M.-src Flavelle, Brothers, and Hol.erts, of (iforpe-street, are traiwnitiiii-; to London, a parcel of diamonds found in New South Wales— twenty stone-* weighing nine carats ; being,' it is believed, the fin-t shipment of ntiv Pon-*(i(]U(MiCo of diamonds from Sydney to England. Some of these stund ore. apparent h* of n verv pure water and of a good size ; one so larire that it is expected it will cut to at least two carats. At the Victora Cluli, yes terday, Mr George House, of Birragum bil, near Mndgee, exhibited tn several gentlemen nine fine diamonds ; all found within one hundred ynrds from the banks of the Cudgegong. These diamonds were stated to have been the result of only one day's careful search. Ono of them weighed ttrn and n-half carats. At tho 6ome club, in the evening. Mr Thomas Halo also exhibited a very lino diamond, found about live months ago at Braidwood. This beautiful gem weighed tn brut, nearly two and n-half carats. It was sent home by Messrs. Hardy, Brothers, of Hunter-stroet ; and having been admirably cut in r.iondon (in the, form of what is known as a ' table diamond') has been returned tn tin's colony. This fine gem, a diamond of tho first water, now weighs about one carat, and is understood to be worth, in tbe trade, about fifteen pounds sterling. UXTnAORDlXARY OCCOMtEKCrS. We take the following from the Burrangong Argus of Saturday ,it reads remarkably ' sensational, ' but it is treated of seriously by the journalist : — In these enlightened limes it spring al most an absurdity to talk about, ghosts making tlieir appearance, but tho following statement of what has befallen threo respectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men referred to nro splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Thrcc-milo and the old Duffer Itueh. The first timo they 6aw anything un usual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when tlicy Here much startled by seeing in the bush near their hut, a white object about the size of a cat, but ol no particular form. This extraordinary-looking object suddenly before their eyes sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, bnt could get no reply, struck it with a slick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them away, and nnc another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for Rome time, aud, upon one waking up during the night, ho was much enrprispd to find that the whole of the roof of tho hut had been removal. On looking out he saw tho spectre, but no one else was about, and (hoy arc all quite sure that neither an this or tho former occasion was it either a man or a woman. IU suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumfonnded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly looking animal somewhat resembling a dog, wifh a long chain attached to it. This aplmal csmo right in front of tho rat, and oommenpod grlnnjnj q( them, but made no noise, either by barlflng or otherwise, save tlie occasional rattling of his chain. As tile animal would not go «w, ppo of the pen (who was a good rturf) loadad a gun, and fired tbe contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no effect ujmjii it. Tbo dog, or whatever it was, romaiicd for some considerable time. On another night tl'O dog secmod to havo rcturnod, for they heard tlio rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would moke when licking a plnte. Upon looking outside, tlicy saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not sco what caused it to be so, although tlioy could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above. They watched it for some lime, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly hoard as if the plate was being licked by some uniinal. On Sunday last them men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in tbe evening he found the door of the hut pulled down and its contents brought outside and left there. Two out of tbe throe mon are well known touis, am! ire (eel conRihni flint what they havo stated may bo relied upon ns Iho truth. A thi-plici-d told these men that some time a^o tivo men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed flic other with an axe, and after wards fell a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for tho murdered man's ghost to make its appearance. Tlio men will most probably be in town to-night, when we shall bear further particulars. 