ROMANCE IN REAL. LIFE. ! Tho Moscow' correspondent' of the Mnnohester, Examiner nkrtatcslhofollowing:— Aboultwenty-ono years ago an infant, only a fow months old; was entrusted to tho. care of a peasant woman in ono of the villages of -tho. Moscow Government, with instructions to let it want for nothing; a sufficient sum of money being deposited for its maintenance. These instructions .were faithfully carried out, and tho child grew up into a fine, healthy hoy, remarkable for quickness and intelligence) ; characteristics which coutirmod thosuspicions that lie was no peasant's child. When ha had nearly completed Ins fifteenth year, his protcotors became involved in difficulties, and the youth, not wishing to burden any further the kindness of those who had so long sheltered him, mndo his way to Moscow, and took service with a merchant in that city. His employer was not long in discovering the abilities of the new coiner, and speedily promoted him to a higher post, with a considerable increase of Balary ; and thus the persevering lad was enabled nut merely to send assistance to his adopted parents, but to accumulate a small oapitnl of his Own ; nnd with tho fitnds thus ncquircd,lio at length, after remaining more than five years in bis master's service, purchased a small shop in which ho purposed commencing business oil liis own account. Bob Ins career was destined to liavo n widely different denouement. All is at length ready for the opening of the new shop ; nnd thoyouthful proprietor, stationed behind the counter, nwuits rath or nervously tho advent of his future customers. Two or three casual purchasers drop in in quest of various triilos ; and after them c mes a matronly but still handsome lady, simply and tastefully attired. . She looks attentively at' the young dealer for a moment, and then calls him by name. ' That is my name, madam.' anBtvere our hero, soiuowiint. surprised at this ceremonious oomincnoemont. 'When and where were y->u born. 1' pitisucs I ho unknown. ' At Ivanovo, twenty-one years ago,' responds the youth, with somo signs of uneasiness. ' Aro your fnthor and mother still alive p' continues tho quostionor with agnation. '1 cannot toll. Of my father I Un >w nothing ; nnd my mother, they tell me gavo mo out to nurse when I was only a few months old. I never saw her to remember her.' ' tut would you not be glad to meet her. again V inquires the incognita, growing jpale.) ' What makes you ask that, save the young iin'nn"ili :-an . alterod voice,' catching, it may t boa 'glimpse offlhe truth for tha first time. _ 'All, iVaskal' breaks out tho unknown lady, catching him in ber.nrms I kuow you, though you don't know i mow Lam your mother, .and have -boon: looking. .for you this long time. Come home with me, an'd never, speak of keeping a shop again. I have:50;000 roubles (£7000) of mytown, : and: it .ia yours fro n this moment P ; The mutual ihisto iea were soon related,, and that of tho moth-r, proved fully ns remarkable as the career of her son. . .. i, - . It appears that -when. very, young, .she. liad.hoen tlio servant of an English. resideutiu Central Russia,, who fell in love with . her and mndo:;licr: liis . wife ; fearing the auger of his family, ho had entrusted to othor hands tho child wlncii resulted; from t it. Shortly after the removal of the. boy, :his paieuts went to -England where they remained- fur. fifteen, years, at tho end of which timo the husband died, bequeathing his entire property to his wife. - - She resolved to romm to Russia, and cudoavour to recover her son. Tins .euterprizy howoVer,— was difficult. In the course of her lnquirics'slic became acquainted with an old Russian merchant of great wealth, who began by . offering to assist her researches, and ended by becoming-. her .second husband ; thus tho youth, in' oiio.aqd the same day, found a mother, a stepfather, and- iwforiuae. Nor did his good luck tarminato here, .fur: the .old,, man Was so charmed wi<li the appearance and manners, of . his stepson, that lis publicly .--announced..-, liis intontioa of making the lad heir to all his property ; and thus it seoms probable that the ragged- 'village: child will, become one of tho richest :mcn in the' Government of Moscow. .. . .. . Mr Patriok Beales jun., treasurer of the borough of Cambridge, absconded some weeks ago, , oniitsi being discovered that lie had fraudulently affixed the seal of the borough to a bond for £7000. Subsequent, inquiry has brought to light further embezzlements of the funds, m nearly every account which was entrusted to tho late treasurer, amounting to upwards of £2000. Measures have been taken to bring the defaulter to justice. : At the Lswes Assizes ou July 23, Henry. Cooper, aged 18, was convicted of attempting to murder his father, a farmer, at Honficld, in Sussex. > Tlio pri soner had paid Ins addresses to a woman older than himself, and his father had prevented the. marringo. Actuated by revonge, ho waylaid his father and fired a rifle at him. The piece was not loaded with ball, but tho ramrod had been leftin the barrel, and this in- fiioled a dangerous wound. He was sentenced to penal servitude for 20 years. A duel liaB just taken ploco at Chnntilly between an English gentleman named Russell, said. to be a relative of the Duke of Bedford, and M. do la Poeze, a French gentleman. A quarrel respecting a female frequenter of ono of tho dancing gardens in Paris is said to havo been tha cause of. tho meeting. Swords were tlio woapona usod. M. do la Poeze reoeived threo wounds, ono of liis lungs being perforated, and ho lios in a dangerous state. Mr Russell-soems to liavo escaped uninjured. A boy of 16, named Tanner, has.liangcd himself in Preston Houso of Corrcotion. He had been son- tonccd to six months' imprisonment for stealing a I pair of boots, and last week, for somo act of insub- I ordination, had been put on bread and water. This j it seems distressed him, and ho begged forgiveness of tho govornor. On being refused he liangod himself. The coroner's jury doolincd to say anything about the state of his mind. Two tourists met their doath by drowning at Jer sey on July 23. Tho names of the deceased word Charles Augustus Mason, and Lewis Junos Randall. With a: friend, Mr Henry O. Jamos, they went to bathe in St. Brclade'e Bay, when Mr Mnson, being seized with cramp, called out for liol p. His two: friends svt am towards liim; - when Mr Randall also cried for assistance. Mr James made a gallant at tempt to save them bath, hut as his own life became ondangored, ho was compelled to desist, and the two dccoased wore carried away by tho current. Mr Mason was 34, and Mr Randall 25 years of ago. : The Deepest Pit in England. — At the Rose Bridge Collieries, luce, near Wigao, Mr Bingham, manager to John Graut Morris, Esq , lias just proved the seam of coal known ,os the Arloy, at the enormous depth of 810 yards. At this pit on 3rd March, 1802, the eelehrated Wigan cauncl was (in this belt) first found at a distance of GOO yards from the surfaeo ; lately the yard mine was found at G73, and now the valuable Arloy is struck. It is stated that this pit is now the deepest .porpendieular shaft in ths world, and that it works, the deepest mine yet proved in Britain. When the "dibhole" at the bottom is sunk, the total depth will only he threescore yards of half- a mile, > . I Tho menager of a straggling theatrical company got up a drama, in which ahuman head was to be offered to a tyrant. In order to produce, as much effect as possible, he resolved to usb; a human head. On the stage was placed a table covered with a cloth ; on the table was a basin; and an 'actor, concealed under the cloth,' poked up his head, through a- hole in tho table, so as to seem to be placs(l in the basin. The effeot was prodigious ; tho audionce applauded and trembled. Uuluokily a wag, )Who:;iiad been strolling about the stage, had sprinklod a spoonful of snoezing powder on the basm, and just as tho tyrant finished his - address to tho severed head of his enemy, the, head replied by a hearty fit of sneezing, changing the nudibiico from grave to gay, with remarkable expedi tion. : : Extensive Embezzlement. — At the Manchester City Police-court ou July 28, a man uamod William Henry Rodford was charged with ombozzlement. Mr Jordan for the prosecution said lie appeared ou behalf of the Ninth South Lancashire Building Society, by whom .tho prisonor was charged witu .embezzling from £11,000 to £14,000. . Tlioy had -a statomont in the prisoner's handwriting to that effect and as the matter would'tako a considerable time to got up properly he should put a witness . in the box who would show a prima facie oase, and tlion apply for a remand. Sergeant Drabble stntod that he ap prehended the prisonor in Franeis-Btreet, Ardwick, \- that morniug under a warrant of Mr Williams, ono 'of tlio trustees of the Ninth South Lancashire Build ing Society, Btaled the prisoner wns in the oraploy of the trustees, and received a salary for his services. It was his duty to receive money on bolialf of tho seoioty. Witness was in possession of a document dated January 22, 1809, in tho prisoner's handwrit ing, In whioh he admitted that ho had ombezzled inonoys to tho amount already named. Tho prisoner is still unt|or remand. Pio Nono and ins Gold. — A cnpilnl story is related of a child admitted to the cabinet do tra- i. vail of the present Pope. In preparation for the (Ecumenical Council, liis Holiness ordered from his architect certain emhellislimeuls, tlio plnh of which wns brought for liis inspection by that gentleman's littlo hoy. Charmed by file plan, liis Holiness opened a drawer full of gold, and said to tlio olrild, " Tulto a handful of coin as n re word for llio beauty of your fathor's work." "Holy Father," replied tho child, " Take it out for mo —your hand is bigger than mino 1" Pills IX., with tho kindness which is his clinrnctorislic, could not help smiling, nnd obeyed ) the child; Tho hoy ought to bo brought lip to bo a big Church dignitary. Tho English critics aro descending in a body on tho Inst work of Victor Hugo. Ono of. them writes : — " of all tho mad books ever written by a man of genius. ' L'Hommo qui Rit' appears to us to be tho maddest. Tho incipient, insanity which might be observed in ' Notre Damo do Paris,' and which in that work might bedescribod as the extrnvnganco of genius, began to run to snod in ' Lcs Misernblcs,' bcramo far worso in tlio 'Trnvnilionrs do la Mer,' nnd lias gone almost as far ns it can go in 1 L'Hommo qui Hit.' " At Carlow assizes on July 23 the case of Fur long, a National toncher, against Bolantl.u priest, for slander, wns compromised, tho defendant paying £200. The plaintiff, in his action, com- plnincd that tlio defendant donounced ..him at different altars, praying the curse of tins Fnthor, Sun, nnd Holy Ghost might fell upon him and no- company him to his doath; nnd that the Almighty then might withhold His mercy. The Juhn Bull says : — The daughter of an Irish member of Parlinment who has a very large fortune in h«r own right, hns eloped. A gentleman, .awnro of the fact, obtained the assistance of a lady friend of the heiress, wiili tho understanding that' if an introduction led to a satisfactory result, the .introducer should receiven portion ef the inheritance. The introduction wns given, and was turned to such goad account that the fair inheritress of £100,000 was induced. to elope with her admirer. The pair wero, however, stopped by the irate fathorwithin a few miles of London. A second attempt bas provo i more successful, and nn doubt Mrs has by this time received her commission of £10,000.-- At the Lewos Assizes tho Lord Chief Baron tried Jeremiah Stubberfiold, a 'farmer, who was indicted for tlio murder of his wife at Ashburnham, ih' May last. This was an extremely painful itaso,' as it rested on tho ovidonco of a child of ' the persons eon- oerned : According tit liis account; wlioh ho awoke in the morning lie saw his father kneeling over liis : mothor and squeezing her throat. . Tlio child stated. that lie Baid, " You'll hurt her,"' and that his father said. " You hold your tongue." The poor woman' . wns found to bo dead. ' Tho prisoner lived on af fectionate torms with lier, nnd, so far ns appeared, 'there wns no motivo for sncli an act. Insanity seemed to have been liorcditary in tha family, forthOprisoner's father was some veers. ago sent to a lunatic. asylum, and his grandmother committed, suioido.. .The pri soner himsolf had, .however, , shown no, particular isigns of insanity, but having been for somo months ;mucli. depressed m spirits, his- friends had. been on ;the alort, fearing tlint his' mind might become' do- ,ranged, ns'liis father's did.' After a few witnesses had '.been called, the jury found him not guilty on the ground of inianity. ; -. ' : i On July 12 amestingof tho York shire subscribers !tn pAvido n fund to purchase an annuity for Mr George Hudson w as lield at York— the Lord Mayor in the cliaii'.. It was stated that the amount of the ) Yorkshire subsctipMona was £1350. The whole sum- realised was £4400. 1 Au- annuity for Mr Hudson could be piirehased in the Noith Rritish Office at :at the rate of £1'2 lGs per ' cent', and £lOQ0 invested upnn these terms would , produce £512 per annuim- , It: was accordingly agreed: that: the, subscription. be invested in the purchase of -..nip -.annuity for' Mr Hudson's life, and he so settled that . there he no power of anticipation, or of ass'geiug the same, or of the amount becoming liable for, the demands of other persons. Mr Hudson has addressed the .following letter to the Mayor of York; as treasurer to tho fund Calais, July 14, I860. My dear I.ord Mayor, — My friend Mr Foster has communicated to ma the resolutions adopted on Monday last at tho meeting of gentlemen who have promoted and suppoi ted a subscription in your- city and county (in co-operation with other friends in tho north) for the purpose of creating nn annuity for me. May I, through you, express my grateful thanks for this great kinduess? Amid ail tho affliction with which my latter days have been clouded, it is to mo a source of deep gratitudo that so many friends have uuitcd to express in so '.substantial a manner their sympathy towards me, nml their acka >wledgment of my services in the promotion of. .public w .rks. Bo assured, my Lord Mayor, that to you, and to all my other kind fricudB, I feel a grat fude which words cannot express, and which will ever remain deeply engraven on my heart. I am, my dear Lord Mayor, yours veiy truly; Geo. Hudson." 