OUR STREET. ' ".Our Street "has had a thorough good washing Which we must all ba thankful ; and if the en general, ita very clear that the ooantry ?lean bill of health ; for its many a long day ¡y has been so free from smells and dirt, as ; ' particular time of writing. Even now, the 1 ues to hang about, and the sound of wind .yt anything but " Open thy lattice to me," . in whian last Saturday was not observed in sa day ot humiliation and prayer, spoke lily how absurd was the idea of setting apart y for such a purpose. The Civil Servants, rfuly over-worked body, who, by reason of thoir I - influence at election times, hold the Ministers of ; . il ways in such wholesome cheok, had a jolly -.hough the weather did not agree with cricket I ing or fishing; but tho public pay tho Civil i ; whether the said Civil Servants make holiday ; > that didn't matter. " Our Street " looked sad ry ; and even tho. Publicans would havo been I lose if their neighbours oould have been per o do the samo ; for they had almoat forgotten , one cuatomor before the next arrived. The oora and Barbera having only the weok before ' tho profits of thoir Sunday trading, felt obliged on that day of humiliation ; having discovered riough men may sign pledges, the keeping of mud) to their benefit they not unfrequontly break the right track, and'send their pledges to the By tho bye, I hoar (though, betwixt ourselves I hove it,) that since Professor Burnett took his stand on the dignity of Hairdressers contra , lie has had offers made him by no fewer than 1 Arabs,' who are willing to take fifty pounds nd apprentice themselves to him, in preference I ; eeni on board the Vernon. His Worship Tho didn't exercise any great authority in tho matter ! i subordinates, for Tho Market was open-all day, j 1 ; and this, I thought, was one of the first insti I that should have been closod; looking at its i iharaoter. However, it wasn't ; and I quite expect t kept open the next time cither Christmas Day d iriday happens to fall on a Saturday. It waa Í 'able day altogether ; both for thoso who opened ? usinées places and those who did not. The air j tainted with dulnoss, and I'll be hanged if I .ell what the day was liko ; but the nearest ap- to a definition of it was given by a friend of I ;hom I met that afternoon in a 'bus, and who ! ced that it was "a regular one-horse Sunday. " I > it the idea excellent. Of course St. Andrew's ral was crowded atServico time ; but thon, that's I table ; and it was highly suggestive, while tho urom.ful Cathedral Service was being performed, to seo s watchman, or some such functionary, carefully pulling down tho Nigger Bills from tho two ends nf tho Don't Shopoii'Saturdays-aftor-ono o'clock-Associât ion's Sign- board, in another corner of tho Cathodral close. Of'a verity. " Our Street has been pitched in a great country. ÍKobosy seems to have any authority. Not even tho Governor, unless it be over the Vegetable Growers athis Cou- «ry seat. This, of course, he must haye, or he never cou' send (so Drivor says he does) the finest Vegetables t> brae into Sydney Market. Evidently, the people j 'roolaimed last Saturday a holiday had no authority, sy couldn't keep any ono section of the community 'rom their business, exoept tho Government Ser- vir whose convenience the Saturday was kept a ? and the Bankers "who lost nothing by tho n. The whole affair was simply ridiculous, a -king of a most serious duty. I see from Now- here, tbe ordinance of the Government was . contempt ; and that they themselves oven ray Trains on tho Northern line, as usual, tot exaotly the thing; especially as they ; jwn to a "Sabbath.Day's Journey" on the id Western. Altogether, air, this first . itituting a compulsory holiday for religious 11 Our Street" on a Saturday, has proved a re.; and it is generally supposed, as well as whoever advised the doing of such an injus ;, will never do the- like again. Of course ! e can't bo supposed to know much of our ; :.hes, io his far off country home; but there's . '-.ir him in any case, for he's only a Young } 'I I'm not awaro that either his " Father \ ' . (father " was a Governor before him. I'm ';. i st, however Well up he may bo in other Î .' from knowledge hereditary or acquired, : . ..must confess his entire innocence and |. è ort.of Governing. i . i'has arrived at Adelaide, with her Boyal J'.. '>ll,-be right heartily weloomed when ho I - :ce .uiore into Farm Cove. This time, His ! highness comes as the Captain of the Galatea, and j ' ill bo no Processions and Pavillions and Progresses ' ;: his arrival, or enliven his stay among us. He . <me and go in Our Street, as a simple citizen ; and ,i, doubt, will spend his time much more in aceordanco tithhis wishes than he was allowed to do his last visit »¡th the "literary stalT" of The Herald'continually on bis track. I wonder if they'll have the bheek to try it on ,hii time. I'm not a great politician ; but I dare say if tho lato lot were in powor now, Tho Prince would have a ihort hand writer .stationed behind his door continually, .hough Mr P. would havo to soarch this time, outside the "literary stolT" of The Herald. I don't think Mr Cook irouldstand it again; and I'm quito sure not another Iehtloman of tho whole numbor would. Won't His loyal Highness sadly misa all tho Min is tors who wore lioeo splondid uniforma when ho was here beforo P and lon't ho bo grieved to find tho great Parkes dropped [uictly down into a simple citizen, delighting only in itching black fish in the South Creok ; and composing onnets for tho pages of Tho Ghost ? Poor old Parkes, ?'m sorry for theo. As for Martin, he don't caro a 1--n. Ho's too well off ; but a little honour goos a long »»y with old P. I don't think Tho Prince will fool tho Oil of Burly "Lands, " and Poor Old Joli'; the lottor didn't look well in his bluo and gold togs, which fitted lim too much ofrorywhero ; and as for Wilson ho novor new what to do with his hands ; having failed to f urrcy limsolf with gloves of sufficient size to oovor thom with 11 liowovor, if H. R. H. won't find thc same rainistors, is will meet tho idontical mayor. Charles tho' Bold, till rules tho roast in Wynyard Square, and if civic intertainmonts uro to bo given, the-Lndy Mayoress will .ow, as Inst year, bo nt hor post of honor. I'vo not jtsrdthat tho L'rinco has brought with him a Knighting Dut if ho hasn't, and I etipposo ho hasn't, thoro 'ill bo immonso disappointment uinong many magnates li " Our Street." I'm not very clear whether if " 3ir fnarles tho Hold" and Front do Bouf would take pro Moneo. It would, I reckon, dopoud on circumstances, li observo that in Victoria tho axo of rotronchmont has ken laid unsparingly nt tho root of tho official tree, and karry good mon and true havo been turned onto tho lorlil, without compensation, nfter many years of scrvico Miigh positions of trust.. This Booms hard, nt first pit; and would bo, cortainly^f^thoro wore tho taino pcronuation regulations in Victoria as hero ; which I believe there are not. In the abstract, however, I can- not see why a government official should have any more Teated right in his appointment than the clerk to a Syd- ney morolmnt, who does Uro times the work, for a trifle less pay ¡ and is liable to be thrown on the world at any moment, whenever ohange of principals or retirement from business occurs. The Civil serrant seos ministry succeed ministry through tho course of perhaps twenty years ; he has a fair salary as times go, light office hours and by no means heavy work at that ; and ho is ill used if a possibility be hinted at of dispensing with his services. "Such, however, is.lifel" Did over you observe the number of young barristers who are admitted every term ? and did you ever walk along Elizabeth-street, end count how many havo cham- bers there? If you didn't, I can reoommond you to study both these interesting little items' of Colonial statistics. I reckon, that "The Bar" of New South Wales numbers about a Hundred ¡ of whom some ten or a dozen get briefs in something like a sufficient number. Truly there are not more. Even the mighty Windeyer, the pride of our University, takes not the position one would expoct him to fill at the bar of his country ; his light, I'm sorry to say it, is visibly paling; and the oliente of " Our Stroot aro giving him up, for Darley, Solomons, and Davis. I'm always sorry to find , young fellows going to this bar of ours ; unless they are very well fitted for it ; feeling sure in my own mind that the odds in favor of their getting into trouble are about fifty to one. A Crown-Prosoeutorship in our country oourtf is a very nice thing ; but that has to be waited for, and sometimes not got atlast. No, Sir! No! Tho Bar of Now South Walea is over done. Front de Boeuf is taking a trip this week up tho Wes* tern railway line; and will give you a wonder or two on the subject in my next. Till then " A. Dios. " 