ENLARGEMENT OF THE PETERSHAM CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone for the enlargement of the Congregational Church, Potersham, took place yesterday afternoon, in presence of a numorous assemblage of persone. Proceedings having been commenced by the singing of a hymn, the Rev. W. Slatyer read a portion of Scripture, after which the Rev. J. P. Sunderland engaged in prayer. The Rev. Thomas Roseby (pastor of the church) then addressed the meeting. He said that the present building, which was about to be enlarged, would seat about one hundred and fifty persons. During the past twelve or eighteen months, it had been found that the increased population which had come into the district, and the grow- ing desire expressed by many occasional visitors to the church, to make their permanent dwelling place at Petersham, had rendered it necessary that some effort should be made to enlarge the church. Several abortive attempts had been made, but he now rejoiced to know that they wero that day to com- mence the work to which they had so long dcBirod to put their hands. Tho addition which was about to bo put to the present building would afford accommodation for about ono hundred persons. A considerable numbor of persons had asked for sittings, but tho church had hitherto boen too small to accommodato thom. There was, therefore, ovory expectation-and, although ho was not sanguino, ho shared in that expectation-that in a very short timo they would have many of the new sittings lot. In addition to that, accommodation ought to bo found for occasional visitors ; they ought not to bo allowed to fool themselves as strangers, but ought to receive a welcomo. And it was vary desirablo that there should bo somo accommodation for persons who might casually ontor that place of worship. Then again, tho district was a. populous ono, and contained many persons who wero really too poor to pay for the ordinances of religion. But they ought not to be excluded from the House of God on account of their poverty. Room ought to bo found for such porsons in the church, and they ought to be welcomed as gratuitous visitors. He therefore greatly rejoiced that on the present occasion they were actually doing what they had long wished to do. Be rejoiced that after a long period of com parative inactivity and stagnation, there was now a better prospect of an increasing population in the district. With regard to pecuniary matters, he might mention that tho enlargement, it was estimated, would cost about £100. Tho ¿ctnnl coBh in hand was Bomowhoro about £84. There wero promises to tho amount of about £15. There was also a considerable amount of monoy which had boon col- lected-probably about £32-which had not yet been re- ported to tho treasurers. Thus a balanco of about £240 remained to be raised, in order that tho enlarge- ment might bo freo from debt. Tho officers and congregation of tho church woro much indebtod to tho gentleman who was about to lay tho Btone, for tho loan of £150. He then proceeded to road the documents, whioh were to be sealed up in a bottlo, and placod in the cavity left for ita reception. The documents read as follows :-" The foundation-stono of this Congregational Church was laid by David Jonos, Esq., of Sydnoy, on Monday afternoon, September 13, in the year of our Lord, 1869, and in tho 33rd year of tho reign of our Most Graciou» Sovereign Quoen Victoria ; tho Rt. Honble. tho Earl of Belmore being Governor-in-Ohief of the colony of Now South Wales. The Rov. Samuel Chambers Kent being chairman of tho Congregational Union of New South Wales. Pastor of tho Church : Tho Rev. ThomiiB Roseby. [Then followed tho namo3 of the trustees and deacons of the church.] Memoranda : From October, 1862, to August, 1864, tho congrega- tion was supplied with preachers from tho Congregational Evangelists' Association, On the 21st August, 1864, a church was formed, over which tho Rev. Allan Wobb «Bided as acting minister, which he continued to do until 866\. On the 29th September, 1866, tho ministry of the church was supplied by students from Camdon Collogo, and by other members of the Congregational Evangelists' Association. On October 3rd, 1867, Mr. Thomas Itosoby, student of Camden College, was ordained pastor of the Church. Note -Tho paper of which tho following is an exact copy, was placed, togother with a copy of tho Sydney Morning Herald and tho Empire, in a bottle undor the old foundation stone. But all theso having been found de- stroyed by the damp, the following is now placed in the bottlo as a restoration of tho old paper :-" The foundation stone of the Congregational Church, Petersham, was laid by John Row, Esq., of Burwood, on Thursday, October 9, Anno Domini, 1862, in the 26th year of the reign of Her most gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, His Excellency Sir John Young, K. C. B., being Govomor-in-Chiof of tho Colony of Now South Wales and its dependencies." Besides tho above document, a copy of the Sydney Morn- ing Eerala and tho Empire' wero inserted in the bottle. The Rev. Mr. Roseby then handed to Mr. David Jones an elegant mallet, made of polished tulip wood, and a trowel, on which waa a suitable inscription. Mr. David Jones then proceeded to lay the stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. In addressing the meeting, he said that ho accepted, with roluctanue, the position which ho was then occupying, knowing his in- ability to perform the duties required for such a ceremony, and to say anything which would bo at all interesting on Buch an occasion. But in consequence of his great rospeot for the pastor, deacons, and many of the congregation of the church, hq could not refuse their requoit. The enlarge- ment of tho church was an indication that the Lord had blessed tho labours of its pastor, and increased the number of attendants. He trusted that God would still prosper the Church more and more ; and, as population increased, ho hoped that in a fow years the building would have to be further enlarged, or a new building erected and tho present one taken tor a schoolroom, or for a parsonago for the excellent minister who now presided over it. The most glorious and.important occupation on which we could enter on earth was the extension of our Saviour's kingdon. We pretended not to consecrate, as some imaginod they do. For we bt.lit.ve that the moment our Saviour descended upon earth Ho consecrated every inch of ground for tho preaching of his everlasting Gospel. By that day's cere- mony it was designed to set apart a house for prayer, and in which might bo preachod the Word of God ; and ho sincerely trusted that tho preaching of that Word would bear abundant fruit. A hymn was then sung, after which the Rev T. S. For saith engaged in prayer. The Rev. S. C. Kent then addressed the assemblage. Ho said that the work in which they wore then engaged waa one of exceeding great interest and importance. He believed that the Christian Church was doing a great work in this land in developing the intelligence of the people. Our pastors wera amongst* the best instructed of our citizens, and in gathering the people together from week to week they were doing a great and important work in improving the intellect of the country. Then wo had our Bible olat-seB and Sunday schools ; and he felt that those who wished well to the land ought to be interested in, and attach iniportanco to, an occasion like tho^ present. Surely much of the peace and safety wo enjoyod was to,bo attributed to tho religious teaching ministered to the people from week to week. It was better to enlarge the House of God than build a watch-house or a gaol. If we really loved our oountrj men, and desired their temporal-to say nothing of their spiritual-well-being, wo should bo found taking aninterest in the enlargement of our houses of prayer. The rev. gentleman concluded by exhorting tho congregation of the church which was about to bo enlarged, to be sincere, earnest, and continuous in prayer for the prosperity of the church, and expressed his wishes for tho successful minis- tration of the Rev. Mr. Roseby, A hymn was then sung, and the benediction pronouncod. A collection in aid of the building fund was made on the ground. AN IMPORTANT POINT.- On Tuesday last (says the Dubbo Dispatch), at the Police Court, an important legal point was raised, which has been referred to the Attorney General for his opinion. Mr. R. W. Sutton, of Mur- rumbidgerie, was some time ago travelling with sheep in the Wagga Wagga district, and when the drought broke up he returned to Mr. Josephson's station with the flocks he had in charge. Among them were some stragglers that had been picked up. It is but fair to state that Mr. Sutton avers he told the various inspectors and Mr. Marsh, then P.M. of Wellington, that he had these strange sheep, some of which he believed were the property of Waller and Gorton, of Murrumbidgee. A few weeks after his arrival home he was arrested for sheep-stealing, on a warrant issued by the Police Magistrate of Wagga Wagga, at the instance of Waller and Gorton. He was brought up at the Dubbo Police Court, and remanded for six weeks, in order to give him time to collect witnesses. On Tuesday Sutton appeared on his bail, and senior-constable Cooper prayed for a re- mand to Wagga Wagga, the district in which the pro- secutor resided. This was objected to by defendant's solicitor (Mr. Neilson), who said that under the 11th and 12th Victoria, chap. 42 sec. 22, the justices of the Dubbo Bench, being magistrates of the territory, having been seised of the case, should hear the evidence to be brought forward. His client had a number of witnesses, and as power was given them to hear the case here, and compel the prosecutor's attendance, they were bound to do so. The Bench declined to give any decision on the point raised, but stated they should send all particulars to the Attorney-General, and be guided by his opinion. AN UNEXPECTED DIFFICULTY. - The Maitland Mer- cury states that some delay was occasioned during Thurs- day, in the bubiness of the Quarter Sessions, by the refusal of a Jewish witness to be sworn upon the authorised version of the Bible. The objection was that the volume contained the New Testament as well as the Old - a copy of the Old Testament bound separately would not have been objectionable. It was then found that another Jewish witness, who had already been examined, had not kissed the book, and being questioned, he said he never did so, declining upon religious grounds, such an act being, in his opinion, an net of idolatry. This witness took occasion to question the fidelity of the received translation of the Old Testament, and called his Honor's attention to the 22nd verse of the 9 th chapter of Leviticus in proof of this assertion. All this time business, of course, was suspended, but the Crown Prosecutor sent to his hotel for a copy of the Hebrew Scriptures, upon which, when it arrived, the witness was sworn, it being first acertained that the book was authentic, and that the oath was considered by the attestor binding on her conscience. The witness whose evidence had been taken, gave similar assurance to the Court of the obligations upon his conscience which his manner of swearing imposed, and therefore he was not again examined, which would have been necessary had the oath been defective. His Honor remarked that he had never in all his experience known of a similar objection being made, and that he had always seen Jews kiss the book. 