HOW TO MAKE A FIFTY ACRE FARM PROFITABLE. AT the quarterly meeting of the Wide Bay Farmers and Planters Association, one of the members, Mr. Hill, read a paper on the above subject, from which we make the following ex- tracts: — " I think the size of the farm is immaterial; the essentials requisite to constitute a fifty acre farm profitable are comparatively the same as those that are required to make one of five hundred acres worth the holding—namely good soil, judgment as regards what to grow in order to suit varying seasons and fluctuating markets, a certain amount of capital in proportion to the land occupied, and improved agricultural im plemenfs, worked by steam or horse power, to supereede the miserable and harrassing system of manual labor that has so long degreed and tended to keep at low water mark the farmers of this district. Good land stands first on the scroll ..... "Cotton has many warm and strenuous advocates, but in this district it has been almost a complete failure. Out of numbers who have planted it, during the last four years I cannot call to mind more than one or two individuals who made it pay, or who planted it a second time. This simple fact is very significant. The great stumbling, block in connection with cotton cultiva tion appears to be the picking. The laborer of the good old English stamp, the man of brawn and sinew,' looks upon it with supreme disgust. He would rather be hewing down gum trees, or blasting rocks, than ' tinker ing about Sea Island cotton. It does seem out of place for a fellow with a biceps strong enough to floor a bullock, engaged in work more specially adapted for the delicate fingers of women and children. It is something like Tom Sayers, or the American Giant, serving behind the counter of a muslin and fine linen warehouse. Then the inexperienced will natu rally say, why not employ women and children ? Simply because these valuable auxiliaries are scarce. In this degenerate clime polygamy is unlawful; but were we under the benignant sway of the inspired patriarch Brigham Young, with two or three score wives, and children to correspond, then I have no doubt cotton grow ing would be a great success. Corn and pota toes have always stood high in favor with a large class of farmers. The returns are quick, and there is a ready-money trade for them almost at anytime. For the last two years they have been high in the market, owing to the Gympie gold fields, the ad valorem duty, and indifferent crops in New South Wales. But who shall Bay how long this Btate of affairs may continue ? The most of you can remember the time when corn was hard to sell at 2s. 6d. to r%?u' I™, bllBheL * knew a maQ *h<> g«w MX) bushels on ten acres of ground. He kept an accurate account of all that it cost him for labor and rations to raise that corn, and take it to market. On striking the balance he found he had exactly seven pounds ten shillings left lor his own B hare in the transaction. Corn buyers and commission agents might be scouring the country in quest of corn, eager to buy at a high figure, but if two or three schooners arrived in succession, corn laden, from the Richmond and Clarence rivers, the market would be swamped. So it is with potatoes. This day they might sell freely at £19 per ton, but if a vessel from Brown's river, with a fuU cargo, p D t in an appearance, they would be difficult to quit at half that price, or they might rot on the wharves. Tobacco has been tried by a good few cultivators, and with but indifferent success. The young plants appear to be more liable to the ravages of a species of caterpillar than any other plant on the farm or garden. And even when they do weather the storm and arrive at maturity, there is something wanting m the drying or curing of the leaf, to make it a payable article of commerce. It is certain that the best specimens of tobacco of Queensland growth and manufacture, are no more to be compared with the American, than is gooseberry wine to be compared to cham pagne. On the sugar cane I rest my hopes and take my stand. I need Hot expatiate on its merits, as they are chronicled in all our journals, and have been fully ventilated far and wide. I am not alone in the opinion that the day is fast approaching when nearly every farmer in Wide Jiay will be neither more nor less than a cane grower, merely reserving half an acre of land for a garden and potato patch, and leaving the corn trade entirely in the hands of our southern friends; for I feel a strong convic tion that this locality is destined to become one of the largest sugar producing districts m the Australian colonies. Capital to a cer tain amount is indispensable. Some few there are, "men of a thousand," with iron con stitutions and undying perseverance, who began with little or none, and are now in positions of comparative independence. These are the exceptions. The majority have worked li*e slaves, lived from hand to mouth, and are no richer in pocket this day than they were this day five years. They have struggled hard and fought their way manfully, like heroes as tney are. But year after year the same soul crushing monotonous round of work, hard enough to break the back of a galley- slave, without the ghost of a holiday to refresh the body, and no books to amuse and stimulate the mind, is enough to destroy the stamina of Samson, or the exemplary temper of a Job. If the want of a little capital has not utterly paralysed the native energy of these men, it has crippled the springs of life, and soured the milk of human kindness. But there is reason to believe that the worst is over. The darkest hour of Ihe night is the forerunner of the morning. The demand for cane this year is lio* t» be taken as. a specimen of what it will be in years to come, when mills will be doubled in number, and managers make it a.rule to begin crushing early in the season; therefore, all probabilities are in favor of the supposition that every small land-owner will be able to make a decent hvrog, with something to spare—' a con summation devoutly to be wished.' Improved Agricultural Implements. The primasval curse has been literally fulfilled—'ln the sweat of thy face shalt though eat bread.' Man, formed in the Divine image, is watering the clods of the earth with the sweat of his brow, not metaphorically, but in reality—plain and palpa ble as any other matter of fact. Two years since, the sight of a plough at work on the banks of the Mary was something wonderful—a* prodigy worthy of a paragraph in the local journals ; and even to this day, closely examine every farm on the river, from the lowest to the highest, and you will find that for every Bingle acre under the plough, there are a hundred: acres cultivated entirely by the coarsest «nd hardest description of manual labor. This it is that ruins the soil, crushes the body, and breaks the spirit of man. . Eternally scratching the ground a few inches deep with a hce, leav ing the best of its substance for the benefit of other generations, the same never- varying crops —corn and potatoes,-withoui>-«rangle particle of manure—can it be wondered at that even the best of the ground in a few years runs out ? The labor attached to corn-growing by hand labor is something enormous. Perpetual hoe ing to keep down the weeds, carrying on the back the corn when ripe from the field to the baro, shelling by hand machine, again on the I back from the barn to the boat at the wharf, down the river, and there ' yet once more' on the back, out of the boat and through the sludge at the ferry. So ends this strange eventful history. This primitive and tedious process has hitherto been the modus operandi by which the majority of the farmers on the Mary River have raised their corn and taken it to market; but let us hope that it is—or soon will be— reckoned as a thing of the past." The Largest E.vglish Fabm.—The largest farm in England consists of three thousand acres, and belongs to Samuel Jones. In its cul tivation he follows the " four course" system, the whole extent of the farm being divided into four great crops—7so acres of wheat, 550 to barley and oats, 750 to seeds, beans, pea?, &c;, and 750 to roots. His live stock is valued as follows • Sheep £9000, horses £4000, bullocks £3000, pigs £600. The oilcake and corn purchased annually amounts to £5000, and artificial fer tilisers about £2000. The entire cost of manure, in various forms used, annually costs about £4000. Sheep are claimed as the most profi table stock he keeps, from which are realised about £5000 a year. His income from the whole farm, though not stated, can be little lest than £12,000 per annum. 