TOWN MISSION. ' He had for tbe last twenty years been ashamed of himself and of the people of Launceston.' Soch are the words said to be uttered by Mr. Henry Dowling, as chairman of the annual meeting of the Town Mission, held at the Mechanics' Institute on the evenirto of tbe 10th inst. Fortunately, tbe public are not left to conjure up an endless ghost-train of ugly surmises, as to tbe extraordinary power that has bowed the bead and crimsoned tba face with shame to the chronic extent ot twenty long years. Mr. Dowling gives as the reason, ' tba difficulty they had from year to year experienced in raising the necessary funds. Coming from Mr. Dowling, as treasurer of the Mission, tbe charge is weighty. He himself has given forth tbe cause producing discontent and shame ; but is he able to make clear what appears to us tbe want of confi dence exhibited in this exceptional case in him, as an administrative agent of public fundB for the public benefit? Have not the people entrus'ed to bis care their interests in many extensive undertakings, prominent among which msy be instanced (he Water Works expenditure of £40,000, together with large police and other departmental ex penditure, during a mayoralty of four consecutive years, as also a power and influence by no means insignificant in tbe Railway undertaking, at a minimum cost of £350,000. We should be happy to place before our readers the solution to this 'difficulty in raising the necessary funds' — the reason why —and not tbe effect produced upon tbe sensitive mind of the honorary trea surer, Mr. Henry Dowling. Perhaps the eloquence of tbe public benefactor who has submitted to tbe feeling of shame for twenty years will some day discloBe the secret. However much we may disagree with Mr. Dowling, and feel disposed carefully to watch his movements, yet we give him credit for the honest, plain, and candid expression of his opinion of the people of Launceston in regard to the Town Mission. Mr. Dowling, we road, has said— 'If amongst people who profess to be Christians there wore a rigbt feel ing, they would soon have £200, or even £250.' We should like to see tbe man who oould demur to the truthfulness of this statement. Re member, ye good people of Launceston, that unless tbe Treasurer of the Town Mission receive at your hands, within the yoar, at least £200, ye do not possess the right feeling of Christians ! In a town with a population limited to 10,000, we find there are no less than 15 resident ministers of religion. Tbe necessity of a Town Missionary can only be allowed upon tbe supposition that tbe fifteen ministers are not attentive to tbe duties of tbeir holy calling. It is not unreasonable to expect that fifteen ministers should be amply suffi cient for a small town of 10,000 souls. Then, whence the necessity of a Town Missionary. In the mother country there are numerous instances of less than a third of the number of ministers of religion we have in Luunceston being equal to the spiritual wants of 10,000 people. We do not wish to deprive those who are benefltted by the visits of the Tonn Missionary of the moral and religious influences that elevate tbe mind, ennoble the disposi tion, and restore man to bis true position as the ' noblest work of God.' But we cannot reconcile the Report of tbe Committee setting forth the nature and extent of the Town Mistionarv's work, with our impression of tbe faith ful performance of tbeir duties by tbe fifteen ministers of religion. Tbe ta bulated statements ' of visits, &c;, &c.;, contained in tbe Report is very much like tue long i)ill-mt.king system of tbo legal gentlemen. It is not a matter of how many calls are made by an agent, but the earnestness and fidelity of his character that should secure appro bation. The speeches made at tbe meeting were bald indeed, ff we except the re markable statements of the Chairman. Tbe Rev. M. B. Brownrigg, of whom so much was expected as an able and eloquent speaker, said about the least, no doubt keeping in view, as we sus pect in reference to this particular subject, that ' speech is silver — silence is gold.' However, he assured the meeting that be would be glad to advocate tbe mission in his church, and to do all in his power for its advance ment. His well-known powers upon tbe benevolent feelings of bis hearers will, it is to be hoped, add substantially to tbe funds, and thug relieve tbe long faced sufferer from shame, and tbe people from the imputation of no right Christian feeling. 