. LSOELLANEId US., -" IT may appear a bold assertion, though more easily to be contradicted than confuted, that even the lowest orderso.gf native' Irish -by which we always understand the race whose, ancestors possessed the eoil'priir to the English invasion--are.decidedly mniore intellectual people than any wh'o.occupy: a similar station.'in other countries:; ,.Dis. graced asn Ireland has ;been, by;'intostina wars, rebellion, massacres, and almost inter. minable. insurrections, necompanied':, ii deeds of aggravated' atroeity,'woearo e?f, disposed to: combine the idea of bruti force, animal courage; and inherentci'uelty with that of an Irish peasant, than to con. cede to hiin an elevated station :in the grades of mental, capability.. In this we err; at least in concluding that with the .latter.distinction the formor;ehpratacristics are irreconcilable.! The: simple fact,, is, that we have taken infinite pains to inacpa. ditte o:urselves from forming'. ny:y right judgment concerning the race, by denoune. ing the only key to their thoughtsand feel. ings. We -have refused" to:'eplor;'the 'mne ofnsational intellect bitrii'incder what it pleases us to call: a 'birbi~r. ous tongue; and just looking, upon 'the rugged surface,., we avert, an. eye of 'scorn, perchance of disgust, incredulous that precious. metal lies deeply :imbedded :in the soil. And yet in the face of all this prejudice, I assert-disprove it wh'o:'can. that the native Irish, generally speaking, are richly stored with mental" powers; keenly sensitive, highly iniaginatiReri doe lighting inI tie plty of fancy, anid. marked by an enquiring. spirit, not terminatilig in the present gratification of viguoe..chipsity, but capable of seizing, investigating, dove. loping,.,and, feeding 'upon' those .subjets a hiblah call into fullest activity the reasoning faculties of moan Withheld: by thoeifetters of a darkening delusion from expatiating where immortal beings find a codigenial el. meat, the craving appetite turns earthwvard, and.feasts.on poisonous garbage; y5t,.grere an Englishman of cultivate4 mitid;: ell versed in the renieular tongue, t' N;coiiae the :unsuspected .witness when, gp' y of Irish aonsants rest from their toil,,hp,'ight often .hear,such;tales. of Ireland's.,apoient 'glory,, such legends of her! warlikekiags, and' such, foreshadowings: of iimaginary triumph, gleaned'from prophiotio lays;, and tradittonary oracles, as would' flihim in astonishment; and: prompt the sbecret qucry whether that?i advwiso policy: which, by. locking from 'this ; ardent 'popilo ithe e stores of:tseful sobering 'iaforeasltion, indissolubly weds them :tol.thbe;exciingi etrospections- these meteors ofantidipated glory,, too often leading theni frivard in the path of nmutual: destruction;-"-Derry" in 1 rolestalnt anner, .... i!, AN m? sicn. .Gnost I--A respootablo far. meqr named Gear, residing at Ballymaomor. rough, about a mile and a half frdm' Knn. turk, was returning fromn Mallow, on Thurs. day night in last week, accompanied'by his servant man, each in charge of as hrse and cart. :The servant was in .dvaiic wvhcen the ,foremost Iorse stoppaed,: suddoisly, pricked up his cars, and was convulsedlvio. lently. The driver plied his whip and tried to urge him on, but ise throw himself wildly into the air,, and the next .moment full heavily upon the: roads The man jumped out and looked ai ound .buti could see nothing, and was in the actof relieving his horse when he 'received 'a. desporate blow on the back of 'the head, which threws him int 'the ditch... Gear's.horsoe wasI ,noeked down in a similar manier, arid himsell 'struck onthe ,bkeet and, thrown fromi his Ilorse. ' Gear says Ie . asn the tallblack figuro of a man standing on thodttoel over hun ; Ihe stooped, for a stdnone ad when :he raised his head the mysterious. apparition had vanished. Both iein are at present very~ ill, ad: Godrar ,bsck sl.quite blhsek and charred.. ,Gurtecenbaha is .romi?akbhblebr occurrences of a similar nature.:, About five years ago n lrospectahllo, though? unfor. tunate farmer was.:dsceovered 'ont a winter's morning., ilmost dead .on' the. precimiospot where the last incident occurrod?,"rnd ihe died asserting positively that he had been beaten by'a ghost.L- ork Herald.: 'ITce CEinAPEaST LiN?oAao: -There 'i no other spoken laanuaigo'sb cheli atid 'expres. sivre by telegraph as tlhe Elglisli.' So the electric wires re' becoming teacherso of our mother tongue in foreign counltries .The sanme:amounit of information oan,bli trans. msitted in fewor.:eEnglish: ; words.than. in French, German, Itnlian oriin any other European ihglaungo;' In ',Germany. and '{olland' espcoially it is 'coiming 'to" be a comnmon thing to cend telograms 'in Eng. lish to save expense and.ensuro' precisidaon. Thus. the red; whtite, iud blue, th. Celtic, Teuttonic, a. nd Latin ~elements of" our English langungeo'will yet maket thnoi to tio the globe, and be the silecnt upouch fited to .thea tiasling lips. of.lightning, na. well as the tongue .whiclthalf.of theoe rtl'eh,nmil. lions will spoak within two centuries from the. iresentt time,-Elihu Unritt's' Firesids WIorde for September, . YVSSeL 'STaUOx aIt, LaOnTNiNo. -Tiho barque Springbok, which hnaslsoveradl'tinies during the past week,been seeriby: varioius vessels.at sea swbh hu r to ;ineasts gen, or, rived atart rtl'illip 'l ead yestarsitayi?ad' oestu up: the'..ay last 'ight m ,,tw, ofi ,thoe sioteiuner Challenge. She. leftNewcastle, Neo South .Wales, on .th. 22nd :ultimao, and experienced light' N.E. and' variable winds until the 28th ultimot, at 11'. pm, when a heIliy storth of thutiinder nj1sd light, ning ardso, There was a heavy crobs sea ito,,ibi time;?l t'not liitiuh ,wind.l The !i gl9t.jig ,struckl thoi'manan tmast.hd :rUhlnlgng, an sea ytheryoing awa 't1 . wtmt tith all the sisars and gear, and ' tualy.. crippling ithed.;barquo .aloft. 'or was this all fon the mass qlt wreesogotunderc thoei es'sel and eaised her to sprihg ':lehak t"hrosugh' ,tllh;.conitent i'buchafing. Chptalin P'irrisonhind hisis eowused: overy exertion t? get:th'iirs'rck' cleared away, "bt':itlliis was hot accomplished udtiil' 9o'elek'oii o tie fbilowinig .moiitias;pnd inot ti d miicimc dahger and' dilloltjy, 5es' 'th'.iiih\i' was ve'ry: dtrhcled tliero ts' a e';fiia't .on, ten ,iiolsc?' isi'' h til',At ,tltc time' oith lsn hor S,1 bv. t'W. dtistaiinti ,ohut. en miles, 8SrongS, .W, gales weoreencountered from' thonco to thi ;londs,--Arguts,. Fob' Thile Ghost sansy-Wos'ii 'nieuthorised to itato tha?t tihe editor 'f:tlhe' lmpi. islitidig. nti at the ruiiotevtl'losl linae hcane;xtin. siheely vii'elaltit l thiit, hii' jontsii'ol 'sltd e;(s coreso't ly L'xpiustsl thsi'"i ?w f the Ministry, sse sailes us,.In sil'f-instiniatiosi, thalnt hIis tletdlingnrl h, atis's areit(ictn by the Miieis. tare theiisleles, Tls s?aseo jollrna ineso , stIs. tts--.Ve. nrte ilforlmd, t.clniM r, I,' l??inaeys Oosnspira'y lIepost cona sis ohf th roi?vie lilthg rhhilsi' w'htah were written jbot ths' Empari, osssl 're. jlotchl by that brilliaist jsi,'nrill es liselo' its 'ta dto t d of' 'Vi'golar' is ii ii icc lhise hterk?r.t.Irs 8lam, lhbtruasr ch, 1t0c. 