INFAMY. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. Written expressly for the Yass Courier. chapter v. — ( Concluded .) murder will out. Jnst before the dawn Brummy rose to go. "Look here, Brummy," said Fitzroy, quite despairingly, " if you do know anything in this matter and refuse to out with it. whv you're not the old fellow I .took you for, that's all." " I know what I know, hut the whole of it wouldn't throw more light on the matter than them dull ashes do.". Brummy spoke sullenly. Ho felt ho was an ungrateful hound to. refuse to speak ; ' but the senso of gratitude foV kindnesses received at the hands of her he wronged was quenched by the love of low | base cunning which was the preponderating attribute of his nature. Ho did not care for money in any covetous fashion, but ho did delight in thridding the labyrinth of entangle- ment, of being involved in the moshwork of intricate circumstances, and to know self consciously that he, and hoalono, held the clue to the unravolment of a great mystery. This feeling is not an uncommon one, though luckily not many care to carry it out into practice to the full extent which Brummy dared to do. He felt an immense pleasure, a huge satisfac tion, in the idea that Mitchell's doom was in his hands, wholly in them, lie presumptuously imagined, as if to any man's grasp, though he were crowned Kaiser, was entrusted power over another's fate by the sisters three. Other men than Brummy, standing mayhap on higher pedestals than the one on which he had been placed by Destiny, often vainly imagine the same imaginations, and go about (some more obtrusively eackling of 'the egg they alone wot of than others) full of secret pride at being what in truth they are not. ; Catlike proclivities are common to men. Most of us lovo dearly to have a mouse of 'our own to torture. Much of our velvety kindness to one another, of our loud protesting affec tion for all, conceals the talon beneath the softness, or palms off, by its loud purring, for a most tender and catholic lovo that which is but self- satisfaction after all. To many minds it is marvellously pleasing to watch, catlike, Borne mouselike circumstance, to be able to contemplate hopelessly impossible retreats towards unattainable safety, in the full know- lodge, or at least in a knowledge assumed to be full, that one dash, one leap, and the quarry is secured. Should he toll George, was Bruramy's half thought . "No," he said to himself, "I wont j at all events not just how. They can't swing her yet a while, anyway. They've got that far on this side at anyrate." And Brummy thought of a period when, on this side, they had not got that far, of a time when the lash was too often inflicted and the other penalty of the halter too often imposed after the more mockery of- trial by judges whose true character was as bad as that of the poor wretches they con demned without justice, mercy, or shame. There was no delicacy about Brummy. Ho looked at things practically. Safety from hanging was what he wished for his friend. He never thought of all the prolonged agony of suspense which his reticence would eutail on Mrs. Muirhead. That her neck was safe was all that his coarse logie assumed on which to base his conclusion, " Well, I'll wait till she's perched, and then I can split, and perhaps be fore that the right horse will get saddled with out me." Of how any. accident to himself before she might be arrested would interfere with his "splitting'' to any successful issue, he never once thought, hut walked straight on to debauch as though there were always afford ed opportunities and practicable exits, at any time and from any difficulty. Ho was no be liever in the " now " being secured without any reference whatever to the contingencies of the future, and had evidently not studied Longfel low s philosophy in the " Psalm of Life." So off Brummy went, leaving George exces sively dispirited. On his way to the Three- mile, where, in a hot uncelebrated shanty, he purposed to hold his spree, he halted at noon, and as his wont was on such occasions, he lit a fire and made himself aquaitpotof tea. While reclining with his head resting on his swag and serenely contemplating the infusion of his "posts and rails," he was saluted with, "Be that you 1 " " It aint my ghost. What, Brocky, where have you sprung from. Sit down man and have a pipe. What's the news" The arrival on the scene was an old man looking in the very last stage of misery. Unwashed, un kempt, with his face seamed with the ravages of small-pox, and with his clothes (mere rags) hanging on him in scarecrow fashion. Brocky was not a credit to his species. Ho was an old ally of Brummy's, and was now looking for a job on his way from an exhaustive spree at the Three-mile. Over their tea the old men yarned as only two such men could, discussing the characters of masters, the merits of sheep dogs, shearers, and supers, the potency of rums and the iniquities of different publicans. Brum my invited his friend to return to the Three- mile, and Brocky, who from his extremely dc- lupidated appearance, one might have imagined had had quite enough of sprees for many a long clay, accepted the invitation in the most cordial spirit possible. The shanty at the Three-mile, kept by James Thorne, was a building of most unpretending character, from -whose roof of bark, dingy whitewashed slabs, whose interstices were clay stopped, door of hide, and windows of unglazed calico, no one would ever imagine it to bo what in sober reality it was — a much frequented shrine of a much believed in diety. Brummy and his friend were received with prodigous respect by Mr. Thorne, who ushering them into his only parlour, whose chief features were a table covered with a greasy oil-cloth, and a faded tinselled picture representing some forgotten theatrical celebrity, as an armour clad warrior in an exceeding sensational atti tude, was not 'long before lie set before tliem the welcome, the thrice prayed for, the most strong, the best beloved rum. It is hut fair to state that Brummy entered upon the discussion of his second glass with greater satisfaction than he had upon his first, seeing that amongst other things Thorne had during that interval itold him and Brocky about the circumstance of Halliday having been confined at "Walla- goonda for the murder of Mr. Mttirhead. " Well," thought Brummy, "if any cove has confessed to what I know he could not have done by any possibility whatever let him act up to it, that'R all. She's right anyhow, and if that idiot's fool enough to remain atKoodoo- gadoo, nnd I don't suck him dry, why his name's not Mitchell nor mine Brummy." 'And Brummy confirmed his views on the subject by the quaffing of his second glass, which had the effect of presenting him in a most pleasing character to Jessie Thorne, who loved the open artless manner which ram has the property of producing on old gentlomen of coarse and un cultivated idiosyncracies. It was by a pure accident that Fitzroy 'heard of Charlie's arrest, and confession. A gentleman driving ulong the road had asked bitn to hold his horse for a moment while he re-arranged the harness, and not venturing to insult George's willing acquiescence with an offer of pecuniary reward, had asked him if he would earo to read the latest weekly paper. Georgo had answered gladly in the affirmative. And on the stranger's departure almost the first glance of perusal had hit upon poor Halliilay's name — printed in large letters — in connection with the late awful murder at Koodoogadoo. The sight of it fairly staggered Georgo, and for one moment or so upset his faith in Mrs. Muirhoad's innocence ; upset it because ho jumped too haslilv to the conclusion that, Hallidav. liavino- learned the truth from her dnring their night marches at Woollagoonda, had, under the pressure of stimulants, chivalrously thrown himself into the gap to secure her retreat. One thing the perusal of the news determined liitn to do, and that was with immediate haste to go off to the Three-mile after Brnmmy, in order to insist upon hearing what of "truth concerning the whole matter he possessed. Ho left his sheep on the run and marched off for Thome's, with long, impetuous strides. On the -road he met Mitchell, who asked him coarsely where his flock was. "I have left my sheep, Mr. Mitchell, nnd that's the honest truth, and so if you like to send the polico after me yon can, but I shouldn't ad-vise yon to say or do any more than simply order me back, which order, however, I candidly toll you T shall not obey." "Pretty cool, that. Well go and be . That's all the harm I wish you, any way. A man who would leave his sheep that wny aint worth the -trouble of ordering back." Mitchell, in fact, was uot sorry to got rid of Fitzroy. Ho had never spoken much to him, but Mrs. Mnirhead's.kindness to George had rankled sorely in Mitchell's evil heart. He hated George, and was all-aid of him, and so, as is natural under such circumstances, heartily cursed him, as cowards and fools always do when in a similar position. Fitzroy got to Thome's about forty-eight hours after the arrival there of Brummy nnd his friend. Two days of unlimited drinking bad not passed without leaving a rosult of a most nnploasing character upon the two old men, who, when George entered the shanty, were reclining in. a helpless state of drunkenness upon the earthen floor. On the way down Fitzroy had made up his mind that coine what would he would not let anything stronger than water pass his lips until he had done all that he could to clear up the mystery, and to release Halliday from what ho know to be a false position. Towards evening, Brummy's stnto of utter helplessness passed into the next grade of maudlin semi-consciousness. Georgo, who had carefully watched liiui lest more drink should bo given to him, seized on the first glimmer of consciousness displayed by tlio old man to lead off into the busb for a quiet stroll. But a difficulty presented itself, as Thorne; with considerable tact, had at an early period of Brummy's visit removed his wooden leg and stowed it away in one of the bedrooms. After a little mnnceuvreing, however, the leg was obtained and strapped on, and Brummy led out into the sunshine, which be hadn't seen consciously for two whole days. George, by dint of much persuasion and considerable trouble, induced him to sit down benenth a wattle on the banks of the Three-mile Creek, a nice shady retired spot, some three miles from the shanty. Brummy for some time kept on incessantly demanding more rum, hut after a, little while fell asleep. Fitzroy then adopted the tncties of Thorue, and depriving his sleeping friend of his leg, concealed it in some neighbouring bushes. Ho then went back to the shanty, got some food and tea, and two or three glasses of ram in a bottle, and returned ngain to the wattle shade, where he found Brnmmy still fast asleep. Ho did not wake him, but occupied himself by lighting a fire and gathering some wood, as he had fully made up his mind not to let the old man leave the spot until he had exhausted all his ingenuity in attempting to discover what it was which lie knew respecting the murder. An enormous amount of patience beforo the following morning met with its reward. Through the whole night Brummy had asked, begged, prayed for ram — in turns for his own sake, for God's sake, with complete .ignorance in whoso interest it was that he was really asking. George, from the stock ho had provided, gave him draughts of firewater in order to pacify his craving, and was accord ingly enrsed in an inverse ratio to 'the strength of the nobbier tendered. But at last the point was gained. George, who possessed the faculty of making things love him, men, women, birds, or beasts, won it shcprly by virtue of that faculty. Bruinniy couldn't refuse when he. heard that Mi-s. Muirhead had once been nsked to become the wife of Fitzroy's brother. " 1 11 do it, Mr. George. I'll tell you all T know ; and I was a beast not to have told you before. It may be too late now. Iti Mitchell gone 1 " " No ; I met the scoundrel yesterday as I was leaving." " You may well say scoundrel, George, fer be is one — a black, low scoundrel. Listen, George I saw him stab Muirhead to the heart as if it weren't the first heai-t he had stopped the beating of. Nor is it. I know liim six years hack at Darlinghurst. He was there (not Mitchell then though), for a ' crib crack ing' with violence.' I knew hirn all along, hut it was not my place to blow it about you know. But it's time now, George, I do think. Yes, George, I saw him do it, and what's more, Jimmy, the blackfellow, saw him plant the knife after it was clone. What do you think of that, eh, eh Old Brummy on some points is a idiot, but he aint quite a fool. And if it weren't for you I'd suck the villain as dry as my throat is, and that's parched, George, parched Give us some lush." Brummy, when putting himself to rights, which meant combing his hair with a broken piece of mane comb, a general inspection of his pockets, and a careful examination of a certain hole in his wooden leg which served as purse or treasury, was agreably surprised to discover a ten-pound note in the latter receptacle. " That's part of the blood monoy, George, take it. for goodness sake and do something with it as will 'clear yonr mate, and chance it." "Well, it comes in hardy, since we can now go by coach to Wollagoonda. Mitchell's money will help to hang him, that's if wo can catch him." " Do you doubt it ? I don't, because he's 'cute in a certain way is that same villain, and he thinks, George Fitzroy, that I'm only an old blower with a disagroablo secret, rnaybo, in my possession, but hot with such clinching evidence as Jemmy's to back my own up. Ho thinks that all I care for is to bo right for a few notes, now and again, and that my yarn about the blackfellow is a twister. You may pound that. But my twister will be a twister this time, as far as bo's concerned, anil I hope it may." Towards evening the mail passed by their halting gi-ound, and so they hailed it, and entered it, and were by it convoyed to Woollagoonda, to Barnes's hostelry, where, as it turnod out, Brummy had once boon summarily ejected for half-killing a barman by a blow inflicted with his wooden leg used club-fashion. Florance was immediately found, and as the sergeant was away, ho soon made himself acquainted with the inorits of the story. " YVIinfn fhnf. nKrmf. fKn Kin nK-fKllrtrrr 9' lm asked. "Well, nothing moro nor less than this, sir. Jimmy, on tho night of tho murder, about an hour or so after the thing was done, distinctly saw Mitchell go into the garden and plant a knife just behind the fourth vino trellis, as you leavo the verandah at Koodoo gadoo to go toward the kitchen."" "It's clear enough, I think," said Florance. "Just wait while I get ready pleaso. But you'd like to see Halliday, wouldn't you ?" " I Bhoulrl, indeed," replied Fitzroy. " Well, follow me then." A"d Florance led the way to the lockup in rear of tho station house, where Fitzroy found his friond reclining on his back in the middle of his cell playing on a concertina which the wife of tho police sergeant had lent to him. He had been well cared for during his incarceration, and looked a very different being to the miserable object he presented on tho day after his arrest. The bearings of tho case were soon explained to Charlie, who was intensely delighted with tho issue of things, not so much on his own account, but becnuse the character of , Mrs. Muirhead came out of the ordeal clear and unstained. The same night, through the moonlight, Flornnce, who liacl attained a warrant for the arrest of Mitchell, and George galloped hard to Koodoogadoo. On their arrival at a fence some quarter of a mile or so from the station they dismounted and tied up their horses, and then walked up to the house, and the arrest, which was totally unexpected, was easily made. Mitchell, as Brummy had said, had thought that tho story of the blackfellow was purely mythical, and an ingenious invention of the old cripple's to secure his own safety. And so thinking, ho had resolved to risk staying at Koodoogadoo until he had got something tangible out of the estate for his own benefit. It was a bold game for a- coward to have adopted, but he had calculated of soon ridding himself of Brummy, and in hirri of tho solo obstacle to his career towards competence and ease for life. What mado the arrest more bitter was tho fact that, only a few hours before, .be had received from Davis a letter which oponed.out to him what he considered to be a glorious view into tho future. The letter ran as follows : — "My dear sir, — Many thanks for your enclosure. Of course, now that Muirhead is dead, the bill becomes value less, but I don't think exactly that you do. You are a very lnoky follow. Do your friends always die at such well-timed conjunctures ? If so, you aro most fortunate. Well, sir, I like fortunate men who aro not too hoavily handi capped with scruples, and so, if j-on liko to entertain with mo a little swindle which I have on hand, I think wo might work it out together to a most profitable issue. Yon must play yonr cards better than you or your poor dead friend did in tho matter of Glaucus, in which, as touching me, yon acted preciously' verdantly. But think over my hint-, and let mo know by return of post how you will act. — Yours truly, Davis." On the receipt of that letter, Mitchell had fancied that ho saw removed what he had imagined to be tho sole impediment in his road, for Brummy had made up his mind to remove out of the way on the first chance which presented itself, and for which ho know that he would hnvo long to wait. But ho had calculated, as was said beforo, without his host, and so stood beneath the verandah in impotent wrath, fettered and pale, and hopelessly in tho toils. Florance managed to borrow a tax-cart-, into which he placed his prisoner, and then the three slowly returned to Woollagoonda. On arrival at tho police station, Brnmmy, who had been loitering about the place under the partial surveillance of the lockup-keeper, taunted Mitchell with referonce to "the. old villain's twisters." It was not heroic on Brummy's part thus to hit a fallen enemy, but it was done, ho might perhaps have urged, on the same principle that an extra blow is given to a snake as to whose death one doesn't feel quite certain. Besides Brummy, although ho had but one log, was a man notwithstanding, and as a mattorof fact, let them say what they will, men too generally do not pay sufficiently strict attention to tho rules of tho P.R. # Of course, Mitchell was committed to stand his trial, and Halliday discharged. And when the assizes came on, tho evidenco agaiust fbo murderer was so stroug that a verdict of guilty was found by tho jury after but a few i moment's deliberation. And hence it came to pas3 that Gideon Mitchell went from the ! gallows to his own place, unwept for and unpitied. And so I have written that Halliday got discharged, and that Mrs. Muirhead's charac ter got righted, aud that Mitchell got hanged. Well, I don't suppose there will bo much objection to that, because in this world such things happen now and then. But I am afraid that if I venture to assert that Fitzroy reformed, and that his reformation sprang from a not uncareful study of tho gift-book which he had received under strange circum stances from Blancho Muirhead, I shall lay myself open to the wrath of those numerous critics who, at the bottom of their box (which is not like Pandora's), can always find the small word " cant " to hurl at those who make snch assertions. Anyway, I'll risk it, and say that George Fitzroy did chango his views, his course of life and, thought, and his whole notions as to what he had been sent into the world to do. He ceased to think that beer was the thing worth living for, or as if it wore one of the things worth dying of, and com menced in sober earnestness to work out a social problem of living to usefulness and -true honour. Mitchell's forgery was one ot the few things that poor wretch had evor performed which resulted in good. The will ho had palmed off on the world as Muirhead's was accepted by tho world as Muirhead's, and though Mitchell had confosscd to his guilt, the world protended not to believe him, and no attempt was made to upset it, and Mrs. Muirhead inherited the wreck of her husband's property. She prevailed on old Mr. Rawdon, in whose family she lived as governess, to manage it for her, and she induced him to take George Fitzroy as super intendent. Not long afterwards, one of tho Misses Rawdon induced her father to take George as a son-in-law, and he was in no way loath. It was not until three or four years after their marriage that Blanche Muirhoad returned to live at Koodoogadoo, and when she came she established herself as aunt and spoiler of tho woo Fitzroys, who periodically made their ap pearance. But her "spoiling" had a method in it, and she somehow contrived to teach them by it an immense rovoronco to their dear old aunt Blanche and her peculiar notion of truth, modesty, and obedience. Ladyroaders, Blanche had once been what she ought not to have heon. I don't hen- vour nurdon for introducino her to your notice. If you liko to have a ( " shy " at her, there are many heaps along the x Goulburn road whence to select your stones, t But who will throw first ? As fer poor Charlie r Halliday he mado his own case hopeless by 1 his own acts. Ho wouldn't, or couldn't, alter ( his course, but went from worse to worst, j Georgo at last heard of hirn as an inmate of t Melbourne Benovolent Asylum. On hearing i the news ho at once took steps for his being i forwarded to Sydney by steamer with a view to establishing him at Koodoogadoo under a r most strict sanitary regitno. But the scheme 1 camo to no happy end, for on tho voyage from Melbourne to Sydney, Halliday leapt off tho j deck of the steatnor into the sea, whose smooth i blue openod to receive him smilingly, and so ! he also went his own way. Readers, good-by. ( tub end. ! ============ < Dr. Manning on the, Papal Syllabus. — ' Archbishop Manning delivorod a discoui-so on ' the Pope's Syllabus, at the pro-cathedral in < Kensington. Ho expressed his belief that if 1 the Pope had confined himself in tho Syllabns ' simply to faith and morality in the ordinary personal senso of the word, very little would have been heard of it- but because bis 1 Holiness had pointed out and condemned all ; those errors in political philosophy which lay at tho root of morals tho world had been in uproar. Dr. Manning t.hon went through tho several points of the Syllabus, explaining and defending each of them. "Tho meaning of modern civilisation," he said, "was a state of political society founded upon divorce, secular education, infinite divisions and contradictions in matters of religion, and tho absolute renunciation of the suprorae authority of the Christian Church. Could it., then, be a matter of wonder that when tho Roman Pontiff published tho Syllabus all those who were in lovo with modern civilisation should have risen in uproar against it ? Or could it be wondered at that when tho world, with great courtesy sometimes, with great superciliousness at another time, nnd great menace always, invites tho Roman Pontiff to reconcile himself to liberalism, progress, and modern civilisation, be should say — 'No ; I will not, and I cannot. Your progress means divorce ; I maintuin Christian marriage. Your progress means secnlar education ; I 'maintain that, o lncation is intrinsically and necessarily Christian. You maintain that it is a good thing that mon should think as they like, talk as they like, preach as thoy like, and propagate what errors they please. I say that it is sowing error broadcast over the world. You say I havo no authority over the Christian world, that I am not tho Vicar of the Good Shepherd, that I am not tho supromo interpreter of the Christian faith. I nrn all those. You ask tne to abdicate, to renounce my supreme anthority. You tell mo I ought to submit to the civil power, that I am tho subject of the King of Italy, and from him I am to receive instructions as to tho way I should exercise the civil power. I say I am liberated from all civil subjection, that my Lnrd made mo the subject of no one on earth, king or otherwise, that in His right T am sovereign. I acknowledge no civil superior, I am the subject of r.o prince, and I claim moro than this — I claim to be the supremo judge and director of the consciences of men — of the poasant that tills the field nnd tho prince that sits on the throne— of the household that lives in tho shade of privacy and tho Legislature that makes laws for kingdoms. I am the solo last supreme judge of what is right and wrong.' " Recollections of Burns. — Tho lato Mr. M'Diarmid, of Dumfries, collected a good deal of miscellaneous information about Robert Burns from tho poet's widow, and this has lately boon incorporated with a recent edition of the poems. His domestic habits aro thus sketched : — " The family breakfasted at nine. If he lay long in bed awake he was always reading. At all meals he had a book besido him on tho table. Ho did his work, in the forenoon, and was seldom ougaged profession ally in tho evoning. Dined at two o'clock, when ho dined at homo. Was fond of plain things, and hated tarts, pies, and puddings. When at homo in tho ovoning, he employed his time in writing and reading, with the chil dren playing about him. Their prattlo nover disturbed him in tho least. Had but rarely company in tho evening. Was much occupied composing his songs, most of which ho wrote several times over. 'Had plenty of excise paper, and scrawled away.' Mrs. B. thinks he chiefly composed while riding nnd walkiug, and \yroto from memory after ho came in. Was hot a good singer, but had a very correct ear. Could ' step a tnno ' rudely on tho fiddle, but was no player. Sometimes took this method of satisfying himself as to the modula tions of a tune. Was very particular with his letters when of any consequence ; and uniformly wrote a scroll beforo tho principal. Went to bed generally at eleven o'clock, and sometimes a little sooner. Wont to church frequently in the forenoon ; wont often to Mr. Inglis's, the Dissenting clergyman. Never took supper, aud never drank by himsoll at home. Tho drink then was chiefly ram and gin ; very little whisky was used. Burns never spoko English, but very correct Scotch." Tho fol lowing aro memoranda on Bnrns's bearing to his children and on his last illness : — "At the time of his'death Rebert was oidy ten, Francis seven, William five, and James two. When at home in the evening ho heard them their lessons, and took pleasuro in explaining every thing that they had difficult)' in comprehending. Was most strict in impressing on thoir minds the value and beauty and necessity of truth. He would have forgiven them any slight lault, but to have told a lie was in his eyes almost an inexpiable offcnco. Ho used to read the Bible to William, Francis, and Robort ; and William was in the habit of remarking after his death, ' Mother, I cannot see those sublime things in the Bible that my father used to see.' Burns thought himself dying before ho went to the Brow (a sea- bathing place on the Solway). Ho seemed afraid, however, of dwolling on the snbject, consider ing Mrs. B.'s situation. On one occasion, ho said distinctly, 'Don't be afraid ; Til be more respected a hundred years after I!m dead than I am at present.' Ho was not above a week (a fortnight) at the Brow when he returned. Mrs. B. was so struck with the change in his nppearance that she became almost speechless. From this period he was closely confined to bed, and was scarcoly 'himsolf' for half-an- hour together. By this it is meant that his mind wandered, and that his nervous system was completely unhinged." i Melancholy Suicide of the Lord Justice Clerk. — On Sept. 20 tho Lord Justice Clerk, , who has been lately residing in Perthshire, i went out for a walk before breakfast. It was i feared that some accident had befallen him, and throat excitement nrevailed in tho district. In Sept. 21, an empty razor case and a leckerehief, both identified as having belonged 0 his lordship, were found ou the river bank, it no great distance from Glenalmonil House. Hie neckerchief was marked with blood — a act -which, taken in connection with tho uxtaposition of tho razor-case, naturally led ;o painful surmises. On Sept. 2-1 tho body ,vas found near tho bridge of Buchantry, and ibont a hundred yards from a deep pool in proximity to Glenalmonil House. Thoro was 1 large gash across the throat of the deceased, t may be interesting to state that the lato Right Hon. Georgo Patton was the son of Mr. T. Patton, slieriff-clerk of Perthshire, aud »vas born in 1803. Ho was educated at the Perth Academy, whenco he proceeded to Dxford. In June, 1828, ho was called to tho Scotch bar, where ho soon obtained a consi derable practice, being especially noted at one time for the number of railway cases in iv hi cli he was engaged. His politics wore Conservative, but it was not till 1858 that he obtained any preferment from his party. In that year, Mr. Mure being nppointed Lord- Advocate on the accession of the Earl of Derby to power, Mr. Georgo Patton was chosen to fill the post of Solicitor-Goneral for Scotland. Lord Palmerston in 1864 gave Mr. Mure a seat on tho Bench, and in 1866, on the resignation of Earl Russell, Earl Derby appointed Mr. Patton — then M.P. for Bridgwater — Lord-Advocate. He sought re duction at Bridgwater, but was defeated by Mr. Van der Byl, and remained without a seat in the House of Commons. Notwith standing this, ho prepared several hills, some of which becamo law — among the . Small Debts Recovery Act, and tho Act directing the taking of evidenco by the court of session judges. Mr. Patton becamo Lord Justice- Clerk, or president of the second court, at tho end of February, 18G7. In this position his urbanity and kindness, especially towards the younger members of the bar, rendered liim extremely popular with the profession, and if at times his legal decisions were wanting in logicnl or legal force, they always evidenced tho utmost care on his part to arrivo at a just and right conclusion. Ho was much dis tressed in his mind by a summons to appear before' the commissioners at Bridgwater to explain the circumstances attendant on his election for that corrupt borough. His mind appears to havo become unhinged, and, in the G6th year of his age, when labouring doubtless under a temporary aberration of reason, he terminated his earthly existence by his own hand. Those who were personally acquainted with his genial, frank manner, his modest and unassuming style of conversation, and his pleasure in doing an act of kindness, will remember him with deep regret. His romains were interred on September 28 in the family burial-ground in Monzio churchyard. Tho funeral was strictly private, and none of tho tenantry were present. The Franklin Expedition. — Tho Now York papers of 15th September contain the follow ing : — San Francisco, 13th September. — A party, vouched for as reliable, writes to the Bulletin from San Buonaventura, that a docu ment had been found on the beach at that place, on 30th August, very badly mutilated. On tho document was found a request for tho finder to forward it to the Secretary of tho Ad miralty at London, or tho British Consul at the nearest port, tho request boing printed in six commercial languages on tho margin, Every -vaeant portion was filled with writing relating to Sir John Franklin and his party, Tho document was evidently cast in the watoi in latitude 69 dog. 37 min, 42 sec., and longi- tudo 98 dog. 4 min. 5 sec. It. gives an ac count of tho desertion from the ships Erebus and Terror. The party numbered 105 at the time of tho desertion, under tho command of F. R. M. Crossier. Thoy had succeeded in reaching tho above latitude and longitndo, where thoy had found rolics of the Into Sir John Ross. Tho document states that the party had winterod at Bcechy Island in 184G and 1847, aud that Sir John Franklin had died on lltli June, 1847. It contains mnny interesting incidents connected with the ex- pedition. Another account, published recently, fixes tho latitude nt 594, but this is evidently an error. It is not stated in what manner tho document was washed upon the shore, whether in a bottlo or hermetically scaled can, but it will probably prove to bo an exact duplicate of the papers found by tho party of Captain M'Clintock on the western extrornity of King William's Island in May, 1859. The extra- orditiary part of the matter is that the docu- mont_.was tossed about by the waves for twenty-one years, that it must of necessity havo been carried along that mysterious North-Wost Passage about which so much has been written, and to establish which so many valuablo lives have been thrown away, and that it was east up ou tho strand of the Pacific Ocean, at a distanco of more than eight thou sand miles from the spot where it was com mitted to tho sea. Tho incident of tho bottle in V Ilommo. qui Rii, which enclosed the secret of Gwynplaine's noble birth, and was buffeted about for more than twenty years by the un quiet waters o( the Channel, loses its impro bability by the light of this recent discovery. Dr. Hall, the Arctic explorer, arrived at New- Bedford, on tho 2Gth Soptember, from Repulse Bay, after an absence of five years. He dis covered tho skeletons of several of Sir John Franklin's party at King William's Land, and ho brings numerous relics of tho Franklin ex pedition. ACableTransfer. — A man whoowesabill in London can now pay it in four hours by simply going to Wall-street nnd purchasing a docu ment known as a n " cable, transfer," a device born of the great Atlantic telegraph enterprise, whereby the equivalent of the money which lie gives in New York will he immediately delivered to his creditor in London. Swaddleus. — Attention has been drawn to this word, from the use made of it recently by Cardinal Cullen. A writer in tho Times says that tho word hail this origin "Tt happened that Cennick, preaching on Christmas-day, took for his text these words from St Luke's Gospel — 'Aud this shall be a sign unto you ; ye shall find the Babe wrapped in swaddling clothes lying in a manger.' A Catholic who was present to whom the language of Scripture was a novelty, thought this so ludicrous that ho called the preacher a swaddler in derision, anil this unmeaning word became a nickname of the Methodists, and had all the effect of the most opprobrious appellation." — Southeys Life oj Wesley, ii., 153. A Noble Donation in Aid Science.— Mr. James Young, chiefly known as the proprietor of certain paraffin oil works in Scotland, has presented 10,000 guineas for the permanent endowment of a chair of technical chemistry in the Aiulersonian University, Glasgow, with liberty to found scholarships and busarics in connection therewith. Lively Ladies. — The ladies are progressing in America in more ways than one. At Dorchester, Massachusetts, a Miss Katie Murphy won 3000 dols. at a jumping match, having jumped 11 feet 2i- inches to 10 feet 9 inches leaped by a young man named Michael Flynn. Asylums for Drinkers. — Tt is with many .a subject of sincere regret that this country does not possess institutions similar to the American " Inebriate Home," which has been provided at a cost of £30,000 for land and buildings, and been endowed with .£1500 a year from the excise license, foes,' anil from the fines for violation of the excise laws. Two classes of inmates will be kept in the Homo — those who come, voluntraily, and thoso who are sent by the justices on conviction as "habitual drunkards." No one can he detained more than six months in this establishment except by his own request. English legislation ought at once to adopt the principle recognised by the New York Legislature. Cardinal Cullen's Thanksgiving. — The members of the Dublin Town Council, headed by the Lord Mayor in his robes, attended tho Marl borough-street Cathedral on September 12, when the " triduum " in celebration of the passing of tho Church Act began. Cardinal Cullen having given the congregation the Pon tifical blessing, tho Rov. Thomas Burke preached, referringto the moderation evinced by tho people in their rejoicing. They forgave the past of their Protestant fellow-citizens. Having rehearsed the story of the penal laws, he observed that " Catholic archbishops and pre lates had been led through tho streets of Dublin and burned publicly on Stephen's Green ; (Catholic bishops and priests were seen upon the Rock of C'ashel in tho midst of flames, burned alive for the faith which ingrained the people ; Catholic priests filled all' the prisons of Ireland. The Catholic Church to-day, after standing in her own blood, and pouring forth the best blood of her children for more than , 200 years, sees the chains fall from the noble and queenly figure. Wo have much to forgive- inoro than any other people on tho face of the world. I do not conceal one great feeling (added tho preacher) that fills the Catholic heart— tho hope that tho great measuro of re dress which lias just passed will prepare the way to obtain for Ireland ngain, at no distant day, the heavenly blessing of religious unity. " The Atteepted Murder of Captain Lam bert. —The Commission was opened at Gal way on Sept. 27, for the trial of Barrett, charged with shooting at Captain Lambert. The Chief Justice, in addressing the grand jury, referred to agrarian crime generally, and said he believed tho object of the nssassins was to drive the land lords out of the country -with tho purpose of obtaining their property. Ho prayed them to remain and attend to their duties, because tho. Government would protect them. A true bill was found. Barrett pleaded "Not Guilty." Captain Lambert, when called, swore he re cognised Barrett as tho man who fired nt him. The jury were unable to agree, and worn dis charged. A scene of grent excitement occurred after the discharge of the jury. One juror, i who was supposed to have been in favour of a conviction, was inohhpd and pelted, and took , shelter in tho militay barracks. lie was after wards escorted to the hotel by the police with ; fixed bayonets. Stones were also thrown, by which the windows of the judge's carriage were broken. No one was injured ; but tho \- polico had to patrol tho town before order was restored. Barrett will bo tried again on 14th . October. 