"WESLEYAN CHURCH. NEWLYN On the 2nd instant the interesting cere- mony of laying the foundation stone of a new Wesleyan Church at Newlyn was per- formed in the presence of a large concourse of friends and supporters by the Rev James Bickford, of Geelong, the ex-president of the conference. Tho ceremony commenced - bythe Rev E. B. Burns, minister of the circuit, giving out the hymn "Behold the sure foundation Stone," which was followed by his reading the 34th Psalm and a part of the 12th chapter of Hebrews, when the Rev Mr Mewton, of Clunes, engaged in prayer. Mr R. Richardson. J.P.. the presi- dent of the Creswickshire Council, then came forward, and briefly addressing the Rev Mr Bickford, adverted to the several steps which had been taken by the building committee, and to their desire that he should lay the foundation stone of the church they had decided to erect, and pre sented to him a beautiful silver trowel, the workmanship of Mr Sleep, of Ballarat, neatly engraved as follows:—"Presented by the Building Committee to the Rev James Bickford, on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of the Wes- leyan Church, Newlyn, March 2nd, 1869." Mr Richardson then deposited.the bottle, containing tho various documents, viz., a copy of theWesleyan Chronicle, Creswick Advertiser, and a circuit plan, The follow-, ing is the summary -.— : "The memorial stone of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, Newlyn, was laid by the Rev James Bickford, ex-president of the conference, and chairman of the Geelong and Ballarat District, in the name of the. Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, on the second day of March, one thousand eight hundred and sixty nine; it being the thirty second year of Her Most Gracious Majesty's reign, Sir J H T Manners Sutton being Governor of the Colony. " President of the Conference—Rev W L Biaks. Secretary of the Conference—Rev B Chapman. Superintendent of the Circuit —Rev E B Burns. Chairman of the District—Rev James Bickford. Church Committee—R Richardson, J James, J Nance, W Yelland, J Treweek, J Eagle, W Stephens, W Cook, T Hooper and F W Scott. " Treasurer—J Eagle. Secretary—R. Richardson. Architect — J. A. Doane. Con tractor—A. Pasco. " God Save the Queen.'.' The rev gentleman having received the trowel advanced to the stone, and evidently determined by his leveling and re-adjusting that it should be properly laid. The stone being placed in position, Mr Bickford declared it well and truly laid in the name of the Father. Son, and Holy Ghost. He said it was usual to give an address suitable to such an important occasion, but he recollected an old axiom, which he would for his own sake and that of the audience, seeing that it was so warm, respect that afternoon, viz, " Man, do thyself no harm.". He could not but he gratified by the invita tion; while the visit, after a lapse of so many years, had both surprised and pleased! him.' He recollected crossing from Forest Hill about twelve years ago when there was only one habitation, and he thought he might with truth say, that he was the first, minister who had visited that locality and erected a family altar. Now, he observed the elements of progress everywhere, and what was then a forest waves with corn in abundance. He was glad to see that out of their first-fruits they had determined to build a house to their God and so to aid in the great work of making their country better and happier. He referred briefly to the great doctrines to be' preached in the house they ' had commenced, and 'particu larly dwelt upon the fact that in that church as in all their churches, the great doctrine of justification by faith would be.preached. fn its simplicity and entirety. - He urged upon his audience the. necessity of being united not only in giving, but in spirit, so that,the building, might be carried on to success and dedicated to the glory, of God. ' This; part of the service being ended, the ladies began their preparations for what Newlyn is now somewhat- celebrated. In a short time indeed the tables were spread with luxuries, presided over by Mesdames J. Pascoe, Treweek, Yelland, and Stephens, assisted- by Mrs Hutchins, Mrs Paull, and the Misses Yelland, Stephens, Hooper, and Treweek, and a goodly company: indeed sat down to tea. Having done ample justice to the good things provided, the tables, were soon cleared and the publie meeting followed. . The. speakers which followed we're the Rev John Newton, of Clunes; Mr T. B. Hunt, of Geelong; Mr Richardson, J.P.; and the Rev Mr Bickford. It was stated that the cost of the new church would be £625, towards. which the. committee ' had received, in cash and promises, .£298 17s Gd. The usual vote of thanks to the ladies of the • congregation, th^ speakers,' and the chairman,' were given, after which', the, meeting closed by,' the, ex-president pro nouncing the'.doxology. ; ; 