The Storyteller. LIFE IN THE FAR WEST. CHAPTER IX. A RAY OF LIGHT. BY LEON LEWIS, AUTHOR OF "THE WAGGON TRAIN," "THE WITCH FINDER," "THE WATER WOLF," ETC., ETC. IT will be remembered that we left Hubert thinking of Miriam, as was natural, during the first shock of his dreadful imprisonment by the robbers. That was a consolation they could not take from him. He felt not the chill of the grim, rock-bound dungeon into which he had been thrust, with the threat of a speedy death, half so keenly as he felt the warmth of Miriam's deathless and far-reacbing affection. Even in that terrible place, a great joy was still left him. In a few minutes, however, his thoughts came back to his present situation, and he set himself to reviewing its features. In the first place, his death had been fully re- solved upon; and, in the second place, he was in a dungeon from which his escape, unaided, waa simply impossible. It seemed certain, therefore, that after a longer or shorter interval of delay death would be his portion. Truly this was a case in which no long re- flections were needed. The brief, but weighty anticipations which thus rushed over the pri- soner's soul, continued to weigh him down for a considerable time, rendering him oblivious of everything around him, but he was finally re- called to his surroundings by the lamentations of his companions in misfortune. "This is tough!" exclaimed Sergeant Halsey. "Horrible!" cried Brown. "Pity that the post doctor cured me of fever," muttered Jones, "only to let my legs carry me into such a trap as this." "This is what we get for being over-curious," growled King. "Why couldn't we have eaten our broiled buffalo contentedly, and kept out of trouble?" "What is to be, can't be helped," said the sergeant, trying to call philosophy to his aid. "We're in a bad fix, but there's no use of cry- ing." "As you say, Sergeant Halsey, our situation is bad," observed Hubert. "The villains mean to kill us, partly to preserve their secrets, and partly for revenge." "Well, there's one comfort left us," growled Brown, doggedly. "We have the blessedness of knowing that we peppered 'em handsomely. We must have floored about a dozen." "I only wish we'd killed a dozen more," sighed Halsey. "My old mother, who used to make me read psalms and sing in Sunday-school, would, no doubt, be horrified to see me finding comfort in thoughts of killing; but—such is life. The feeling is natural." The listeners assented dismally. "You see in what sort of a place they've put us?" continued Hubert. "A hole in the rock, with no outlet, except by the way we came, over a perpendicular precipice twenty feet high." The torch which had lighted the prisoners to their dungeon, was still burning in the crevice of rock where the robber lieutenant had left it, and its flame revealed to the imprisoned men, as they looked gloomily around them, that there was no other passage from that living tomb, than the one by which they had entered it. "We must die, then," muttered Sergeant Halsey, giving expression to the general con- viction. "Such is the intention of the villains," re- sponded Hubert. "Why, the money they took from me would furnish them sufficient reason for killing us, not to mention their thirst for vengeance. They will soon be here to kill us." As if moved by a common impulse, the five prisoners set themselves to searching in every nook and corner of their rock-bound dungeon, but they saw nothing to change their dreadful anticipations—no way of escape, no means of defence. "You all see how it is," added Hubert. "We have no chance of escape—not even the poor privilege of selling our lives dearly. When the robbers get ready, they will come to the edge of the precipice and fire upon us, shooting us down one after another." The consciousness of their terrible situation had now become so vivid, that it overwhelmed all other emotions, causing them to remain silent, and even almost suspending their respi- ration. For a long time not a sound, beyond their subdued breathing, disturbed the cavernous silence. "The torch is nearly burnt out," at length remarked Hubert in a hollow whisper. The darkness had already become sepulchral, only a small fragment of the torch being left. After another minute or two, during which the prisoners regarded the decreasing flame with the fixed gaze of despair, the feeble light died out entirely. The darkness that succeeded seemed palpable. The prisoners could not see anything whatever. A sort of stupor fell upon the whole party, in the midst of that profound darkness. Silent and despairing, they took no note of the flight of time, nor even of the presence of innumerable rats which ran scampering around them. Several hours must have passed unheeded, when a faint beam of light darted into the midst of the imprisoned men, from the top of the precipice we have noted. "They are coming to kill us," muttered Sergeant Halsey, and in an instant all was at- tention. The beam of light increased, drawing nearer to the edge of the precipice, and ere long the prisoners saw a rough-looking man peering down upon them. The new-comer had approached in perfect silence, and apparently with secrecy and caution. "Your're there, men?" he demanded, in a shrill whisper. "The question seems rather needless," replied Hubert, bitterly. "If we had turned to water, we should be here all the same, since there isn't so much as a crack in the floor larger than would house a rat." "All right," pursued the new-comer, with a business-like promptness. "Just stand from under." As he spoke he rolled a large bundle of cloth- ing to the edge of the precipice, and dropped it into the abyss occupied by the prisoners. "What's this for?" demanded the sergeant. "You shall see," answered the new-comer, as he produced a coil of stout rope, with a knot at every two feet of interval, and lowered one end of it into the dungeon, making the upper end fast to a rocky crag. "Just steady the end of that rope, and I will soon be among you." The prisoners obeyed the injunction, and the next instant their unknown friend—for such he seemed —was in their midst, with a lighted candle in his hand, which revealed his form and features plainly to them. He was a man of middle age, unshaven and unshorn, dressed in a coarse garb, and armed with knives and a pair of revolvers. There was nothing in his appearance to distinguish him from the generality of the robbers, to whom he evidently belonged, except that he seemed more refined and less wicked. "Five of you, as I thought?" said he, flashing his light upon the excited and enquiring faces around him. "Just open that bundle, and — Hold on. I'll open it myself. Take the light, you tall soldier," he added addressing Brown, "and let me use both hands." Brown held the light, as desired, while the new-comer hurriedly opened the bundle, and handed out several complete suits of clothing. "Here's a suit of robber regimentals," he ex- plained, passing the same to Hubert. "I've a suit here for every one of you, and the sooner you are stowed away in them the better." The prisoners looked at one another inquir- ingly, and then turned to their visitor with the fixed gaze of astonishment. "Your're a robber?" questioned Halsey. The man bowed. "But we are not going to become robbers," protested Hubert, dropping the suit of clothes placed in his hands. "If this is an indirect way of inviting us to join your brotherhood of human wolves—a move, by the way, I could not comprehend, after what has passed—you can save your labor, for none of us would hesi- tate an instant between an honest death and a life of crime." "Them's our sentiments, mister," muttered Sergeant Halsey, with a rising anger and disgust, as he flung away the suit given him. "You've come to the wrong market." "You see he's armed, boys?" cried Brown, with a gleam of menace. "Perhaps we ought to take them weapons, and add another to our pile of dead robbers." "You're right there, Brown," said King. "Them arms, if used properly, would make some of our enemies sing small before they make away with us." The eyes of the imprisoned and disarmed soldiers attested how much they coveted the weapons in question. They looked at them, dazzled and fascinated, as a miser looks at a hoard of gold. Even Hubert experienced an intense longing to possess them, and his gaze, like that of his companions, became almost menacing, as it scanned sternly the form and face of the intruder. "You just keep quiet, all of you," commanded the visitor, coolly, with the air which became him, as the master of the situation. "I'm a robber only in name—not at heart. I was robbed by the band, a year ago, and forced to join it, to save my life." The prisoners displayed an instant sense of relief. "This is a new view of the matter," said Hubert, looking around upon his companions. "We've a friend here, and not a tempter." The man bowed assent. "In this case," pursued Hubert, "we are decidedly glad to see you. We hail you as a brother." "Very good; but get into these clothes im- mediately," commanded the new-comer, in the same tones as before, while he rummaged at the bottom of his bundle, and began pulling out weapons. "Dress yourselves first, and we'll ex- plain matters afterwards. Here is a revolver loaded for each of you, and a rib-tickler." This latter article proved to be a hunting- knife about twelve inches in length. "Good! this is all right boys," exclaimed Hubert, with a sudden revulsion of feeling. "This man is a friend, and no mistake, or he would not place these tools in our clutches." "Very well, Mr. Earle," rejoined the man, "if you think so, let's see how soon you can get inside of those clothes, and be ready for business. The same to all the rest of you," he added, look- ing around upon the soldiers. "Be lively, while I hold the light for you." The prisoners lost no time in acting upon these several injunctions. They dressed themselves in the robber suits, and secured every one the weapons assigned him upon his person. "Whoever and whatever you are," then said Hubert, addressing the visitor, "you have our best thanks for this kindness. You have at least put us in a position to sell our lives dearly." "Well, you've need enough of help, heaven knows," answered the man, with a blunt frank- ness. "You've guessed, I suppose, what sort of a fate is before you?" The prisoners nodded assent. "You know, then, that death is before you— that you were sent here to die of starvation?" "Of starvation!" echoed the prisoners in chorus. "Yes, of starvation. The Laramie Road Agents—" "The Laramie Road Agents!" exclaimed Hu- bert and Sergeant Halsey together. "That's the name of the association of robbers into whose hands you have fallen." "I've heard of them!" cried Hubert. "And I," cried Halsey. "Curse them! I've seen them!" exclaimed Brown, with a grimace, as he passed his hand over a considerable cut he had received in his left arm. "You can consider, stranger, that we have all had an introduction to the Laramie Road Agents—and they to us, for that matter." "Exactly," pursued the new- comer. "Few travellers have passed this way without hearing of the Laramie Road Agents, and many have seen them, as you have done, much against ex- pectation or desire. The leader of the whole brotherhood is a Captain Fairweather." "I have heard of him also," said Hubert. "The miners where I have been talked a great deal about this Captain Fairweather and his band. As often as it became a question among us of crossing the mountains, just so often did it become a question of Captain Fairweather and the Laramie Road Agents. The miners fancied that some of the robbers came among them, pretending to be gold seeking, and so learned all that was taking place in the mines, in order to report to the band." "That suspicion was well founded, Mr. Earle. As you have seen, our lieutenant—who attends to everything in the absence of Captain Fair- weather—received advices of your journey, of the amount of your money, and even of the place where it was hidden. The explanation of all this is, that one of the miners with whom you have been associating at Rocky Hill Gulch is one of our band." "But where's your chief, stranger—this Cap- tain Fairweather?" demanded the sergeant. "Absent. He's been away ten days or more. He's gone a great deal. In fact, he has a band of Indians somewhere in the plains of Nebraska, and is a chief among them, under the name of Red Knife—" "Red Knife!" echoed Hubert. "Do you mean to say that Captain Fairweather, the chief of these robbers, and Red Knife, the chief of the Nebraska savages, are one and the same person?" "Yes, that's what I mean. I cannot swear positively that such is the case, but I am entirely convinced of the truth of this matter, and I have good reason for thinking as I do. For nearly a year, I have been pursuing a little game of my own, as you shall soon hear. In the pursuit of my project, I have been obliged to look after Capt. Fairweather very closely, to inform myself of his habits, to spy his comings and goings, and I've lately made a series of discoveries which make it probable, and almost certain, that he and the terrible Red Knife are one and the same in- dividual." "Is it possible?" rejoined Hubert. "This is perfectly astounding." "Oh, that isn't all the mystery there is in the case," continued the visitor. "I've caught glimpses of others, in the course of my inquiry, but I need say nothing about them at present. The essential thing is to enlighten you in regard to what concerns your present situation." "That's so," declared Sergeant Halsey, with a long-drawn breath, which attested how ex- citedly he had listened to the revelations of the strange visitor. "Get us out of this, stranger, the first thing you do, and we'll talk for ever afterwards." "That's the point I was coming to," said the visitor. "As I was saying, you were all sent here to die. You know how we robbers are treated when we're taken by the settlers, by Uncle Sam's boys, or by the passengers in the overland coaches or on the Pacific railway, or by the citizens in the border towns?" "Well, I suppose they treat you to a stout rope and a dance in the air?" said Hubert. "Exactly. When your people catch one of this band, up he goes, to dance a jig upon no- thing. On the other hand, when we catch one of your people who has made himself obnoxious to us, or who is dangerous, we either hang him or leave him to a slower death—just as the notion takes us!" "I see; it's a war of extermination between the Laramie Road Agents and the rest of man- kind," observed Hubert. "From all this, it is apparent that your people do not intend that we shall escape death." "Not a bit of it." "Do you mean to say that your lieutenant was lying to us, when he said that the captain would decide our fate?" "Yes. He had no intention of ever coming near you. You were shut up here to perish. You have noticed, of course, that you have neither food nor water? The explanation of this fact may be found in the very name of the place—dead man's dungeon. None of our people ever come here willingly. Bad as they are, they are afraid of a place in which so many men have been left to starvation." "My God! this is horrible!" exclaimed Hu- bert, moving about the rocky floor uneasily. "And this is why you talk so freely with us, without any fear of being seen or overheard? There are no robbers, then, very near us?" "None this side of the large cave, in which you saw them eating and drinking. No guard is posted in this direction, there being no pos- sible way of escape. I could talk with you until another day, without any particular danger of being seen or heard by the rest of the gang." "The rest of the robbers, eh?" muttered Ser- geant Halsey, whose sense of peril had visibly deepened. "It is really as you have said, then? You are one of the Laramie Road Agents?" "Yes." "But you are here with a friendly intention?" said Hubert, quickly. "You have come here to help us? Having been forced into this busi- ness, you are about to take leave of your asso- ciates, and you improve the present occasion, taking us along with you? Or, possibly, you merely intend to set us free, without going with us?" "You've guessed at my principal purpose," answered the man. "The fact of my being here is sufficient evidence of my friendly inten- tions, especially after I have given you arms and clothing. But patience a moment. The way of escape is not yet open. Your position, men, is still terrible. You've not yet seen half of the robbers. The woods hereabouts are full of them. There's more than thirty of them between you and your freedom!" CHAPTER X. MIRIAM'S HOME. THE home of Miriam's parents was situated upon Carrey's Fork, as has been said, in the midst of a vast plain which extended on every hand beyond the limits of vision. The house was a large square log edifice, two stories in height, with windows which could be protected in time of necessity with massive wooden shutters. This house was set in the midst of a pleasant, well fenced garden. Over the front door was a pretty rustic porch, about which trumpet vines, with their lovely crimson bells, trailed their graceful lengths. Under the low windows grew the lovely prairie roses, their delicate petals steeped with delicious fragrance, that tempted the wild bee and the humming-bird. The wild verbena of the plains, scarlet as blood, glowed from the midst of the bunch grass, and other flowers dotted the turf. In the rear of the pleasant dwelling were the neat, strong out-buildings for the cattle and other stock of the family, including several splendid horses. The land occupied by Mr. Dane was consider- ably to the westward of any that had been al- lotted to settlers by the government, and con- sequently he had no legal claim to it. Never- theless, hundreds of others being in the same situation, all through the extreme West, he trusted with child-like faith in the paternal go- vernment "to make it all right" in due course of time. A good share of his hundred and sixty acres had been broken up. A line of young elms and cotton-woods had early been set out, as a pro- tection to his little estate from the winds, and to indicate its boundary, and this living belt was already tall, strong, and vigorous. Now, in the early summer, it looked like a line of emerald green. The quarter-section, well-watered, was further crossed by those hedges, of which cultivators of hedges are willing to undertake the growth anywhere in Kansas or Nebraska, at trifling ex- pense, the country being well adapted to them. At nearly the same moment when Mr. Dane and Miriam first looked toward their distant home through their spy-glass, from the bank of Wood river—to go back in our narrative to that time —Mrs. Dane was seated on a rustic bench, under the shade of a vine, a few rods distant from the dwelling. She had been busily sewing, but her work had fallen unheeded into her lap, and she was scan- ning the landscape with an anxious gaze. There was a tall tree-draped butte, with bare, bald, and rocky summit, to the eastward, and she regarded it keenly. Then, sweeping her vision in the direction of the north, she marked each distant buffalo, and each near and spring- ing antelope, mistaking each in turn for the horses of the returning wanderers. "It is strange they do not come," she said aloud, having, it seemed, that habit of talking audibly to herself common to those who dwell much alone, or in vast solitudes. "They should be here by this time. But I am foolish to be anxious. They will be back soon!" She smiled contentedly, dismissing her fears. She was a large-framed noble-looking woman, in the prime of health and strength. She had been originally fair, but exposure to prairie winds and sun had given a rich brown tint to her complexion. Her soft brown hair was combed smoothly away from her ample forehead, and gathered into a twist, low at the back of her well-shaped head. Her eyes were blue, keen, and strong, honest, truthful eyes, the mirrors of a true, loving, and heroic nature. She was a grand, large-hearted, great-souled woman, in- capable of a petty act or thought, strong and resolute when those qualities were needed, and with a great overflowing current of tenderness running through her nature. She was worthy to be the wife of a noble man, like Mr. Dane— worthy to be the mother of Miriam, who had inherited her best qualities. "They will be hungry when they come," said Mrs. Dane, arising and depositing her work on the bench. "I'll set over the tea-kettle, and then come out again and watch for them!" She arose and proceeded to the house. She came out immediately with a wooden pail, which she carried to a bubbling spring near the dwelling. Having filled it she reentered the cottage. The door, which was ajar, opened immediately into the living room, or kitchen, both apart- ments being combined in one. It was a pleasant, low-walled room, plastered and white-washed, with pretty pictures on the walls, drawn by the hands of Miriam. The low windows were provided with dimity curtains. The wooden floor was as white as sand and hard work could make it. There were two easy-chairs, a low sewing-chair, and a wide easy lounge, all of home manufacture, but made beautiful by covers and pillows of pretty pink chintz. One side of the room was taken up with the great fire-place, in which the logs were lazily burning. Over the fireplace was a wooden shelf, and upon this were usually gathered the family treasures, the quaint pink china dishes, the six silver tea-spoons in a glass dish, and other articles. The handsome housewife—handsome in her goodness, nobleness, and rare sweetness—hung upon the crane her tea-kettle, and then surveyed her table with an air of satisfaction. It stood in the centre of the floor, and pre- sented an appearance worthy of her pride. It was covered with home-spun linen, bleached to the semblance of snow. The pink china dishes, relics of a former prosperity in the East, and the silver spoons, had been disposed upon its sur- face. A big blue pitcher, crowded thick with sweet-smelling wild roses, stood in the centre of the table. A glass pitcher of thick yellow cream, a plate of white bread, a dish of delicious wild strawberries, and one of cream-cheese, com- prised the edibles. The ball of golden butter was at the bottom of the spring, cool and hard, and Mr. Dane was expected to bring home meat. "There is nothing more to be done!" mused Mrs. Dane, smoothing a wrinkle in her table- cloth, and giving a graceful swing to a loose branch of the roses in the improvised vase. "I will go back to the bench." She looked into the adjoining room, her bed- chamber, which was cool and fresh and pleasant, noticed that she had neglected nothing for Mr. Dane's expected change of toilet on his return, and then returned to her shaded seat under the arching branches. She had scarcely taken up her sewing again, when an Indian, gliding stealthily through the high prairie- grass like a snake, crept up to the porch, entered the kitchen, and hurried up the stairway to the upper rooms of the dwelling. Unconscious of this little episode, the settler's wife, her back to the house, busied herself with happy musings. A healthful glow burned in her cheeks, and she hummed softly to herself a sweet old hymn she had learned long ago in that birth- place of pioneers—old New England! "How happy I am!" she thought, her mind borne by the hymn back to those early days. "People talk of the 'happy days of childhood.' Give me the happiness that springs from reason! Give me the happiness that an educated adult mind can enjoy! This prairie home, these arch- ing skies so blue and bright, this clear atmo- sphere in which one can see miles—ah! surely this is Eden!" She paused, as an antelope, wild and graceful, bounded past her, only a few rods distant from her, its head thrown back, and its bright eyes shining—its whole being filled with an exultant sense of life. In the distance, towards the butte, a small herd of buffaloes were stampeding in evident alarm. "What can have alarmed them?" thought the pioneer's wife, looking behind her in the direction whence the buffaloes had come. "Ah!" She sprang up, pale and wild-eyed, startled at the sight that met her vision! Not half a mile distant, a body of Indian warriors, all mounted, were approaching as stealthily and silently as the wind. The beams of the declining sun striking their weapons of steel, tomahawks, knives and hatchets, told Mrs. Dane that they were armed! Shading her eyes with her hands, she looked at them with piercing gaze. She saw the gay feathers nodding on their heads, as on they came. In the clear air, she believed she saw the war- paint on the savage faces. "They are on the war path!" she cried. "There are no women and children, no strag- glers, no signs of baggage. They are coming here! Oh, my husband! Miriam! If I could only warn you!" she added, more alive to the perils of her loved ones than to her own. Catching up her work unconsciously, she flew to the house, and closed the massive door, bar- ring it with two heavy bars, which sank into iron rests secured to the door-posts. Then she closed the windows and heavy shut- ters, securing the latter with bars similar to those on the door. The rear door was then similarly secured. The next step of the brave woman, whose whole soul had risen to meet the emergency, was to take down from their shelf two rifles, with plenty of ammunition. The rifles were loaded. She assured herself of this fact, and then hurried up stairs. The windows were open to admit the pure summer air into Miriam's pretty chamber. Looking through them, Mrs. Dane saw that the Indians were near—perilously near! She closed and barred the windows, regardless of observation on the part of the savages, and even of possible shots. She had barely accomplished her task, when a wild yell from the advancing savages announced that they had discovered her movements towards defence. The next moment the crack of rifles was heard, and a dull sound followed as of bullets burying themselves in the hard logs of the cabin. Mrs. Dane quietly opened a loop-hole in the wall prepared for occasions like this, and looked out, herself unseen from without. The savages, some thirty in number, had dashed up to within a few yards of the cottage, and come to an abrupt halt. "They think my husband is here!" said Mrs. Dane, watching them closely. "They are con- sulting together, the cowards! If George Dane is not here, his wife is, and she is not going to see her home destroyed, and let herself be scalped, without a struggle—not even by so many Indians of every tribe as I see out there! That looks like Red Knife's band! Can it be on the war path, now that Red Knife is dead?" She continued to watch the savages keenly. If her brave heart quailed at the desperateness of her situation, or at the probable peril of her returning husband and daughter, only the pale- ness of her face betrayed the fact. Her keen, bright blue eyes did not blench at sight of the savage crew outside. Her manner grew more intensely resolute and self-collected. "There are more than thirty of them," she said to herself, after a brief survey. "Thirty braves in war-paint, and well armed! Yet they hang back from an attack, because they believe George Dane is here!" Her lip curled in disdain. Suddenly at that moment her keen hearing detected a slight, faint sound proceeding from Miriam's closet. Seizing her rifle, she sprang in that direction. The closet door opened noiselessly, and the Indian who had crept into the house so stealthily a few minutes before, emerged from his conceal- ment. He was a tall, giant specimen of the savage race. Broad- shouldered and athletic, with bare brawny arms, he looked like a red Hercules. He wore a scalp-lock, a crown of feathers, and a plentiful supply of war- paint, which gave him a hideous appearance. His bare breast was painted and daubed with red earth. His loins were draped in a tunic of tanned deer-skin, edged with a fringe of long prairie-grasses. His legs were encased in deer- skin leggings, and he wore bead-worked moccasins. He was armed with rifle, revolver, knives, hatchet, and various other implements of war, presenting a most formidable appearance. Mrs. Dane recoiled from this startling appari- tion, a sick feeling of terror curdling her blood. But she was a woman of a thousand—fitted by nature to be one of the pioneer women of the dangerous Western regions. "Halt where you are, or I fire!" she cried, her voice stern and low, her eyes flashing with de- termination. The Indian halted, as commanded, and looked at her with open admiration. "Brave squaw! brave squaw!" he said, in a gutteral voice, at sound of which a look of relief passed over the face of the settler's wife. "Don't you remember Prairie Wolf, Cheyenne Injun, was sick here many moons ago?" Good squaw took care of him, nursed him. Little squaw cooked birds for him, that the big hunter shot. Me Prairie Wolf, come to pay you for kind- ness!" The painted savage looked at her so benevo- lently that, completely reassured, Mrs. Dane lowered her rifle. She remembered him now, despite his dis- figuring paint. He was a young Cheyenne chief, who had come to the home of the Danes during the summer of the previous year, sick with fever, and many miles distant from his tribe. The Danes had nursed him, and taken care of him as if he had been a white brother. On his recovery, weeks after his coming, he had gone away vowing eter- nal gratitude, and from that day to this the Danes had not seen his face. Mrs. Dane, conversant with the peculiarities of Indian character, and knowing with what gratitude they treasure up a kindness, felt an in- stinctive confidence in the Indian she had bene- fitted. He read her trust in her manner and looks. He crossed the floor, she giving way to him, and peered out of the loop-hole. "Red Knife's band!" he muttered. "Prairie Wolf will take care of the good squaw. Red Knife is not with his band." "Red Knife is dead!" said Mrs. Dane, repeat- ing to him the prevalent report to that effect. "No; Red Knife not dead!" declared the Cheyenne, shaking his plumes. "Prairie Wolf saw him to-day. He wants to kill the big hunter, the big squaw and the little squaw, and burn the house. But Prairie Wolf come many miles, then creep through grass, and hide in Big Hunter's house. He save good squaw." Again he looked out of the loop-hole. Mrs. Dane proceeded to a second opening in the wall, and followed his example, peering out cautiously. The savages were dismounting from their horses. When dismounted, the horses were sent to a little distance, in charge of a sufficient guard. The leader of the motley band, a herculean Pawnee, then separated himself from his com- panions, and called loudly upon the Big Hunter, the name by which Mr. Dane was known among the neighboring Indians, to show himself for a parley. "Well, what do you want?" cried Mrs. Dane, from her loop-hole. "We friends!" said the Pawnee. "Open door and let us in to smoke pipe!" "Well, that's cool!" thought Mrs. Dane. The Prairie Wolf expressed the same idea by a grave movement of his head. "We will not open the doors!" then said Mrs. Dane to the Pawnee. "Go away, or we will fire upon you!" A loud yell from the savages greeted this de- fiance. "Let us in," said the Pawnee, "or we shoot!" "Shoot, then!" cried Mrs. Dane, cooly. A volley of shots from the rifles of the Indians followed this defiant challenge, burying them- selves in the logs, or glancing off. Mrs. Dane brought her rifle to position, and took aim at a savage of prominence in full range of her weapon, putting a ball through him. With a loud yell, he fell to the ground. "Brave squaw!" muttered her Cheyenne ally; "that Injun, Black Snake, killed by a woman! He much coward." The yell of the dying savage was echoed from a score of Indian throats. Another volley of bullets was fired by the at- tacking party. Mrs. Dane and Prairie Wolf fired together, and two savage warriors fell dead. A sort of consternation seized upon the In- dians. Three of their leading spirits had been killed. The cowardly souls of the savages tempted them to a partial retreat for a consul- tation, and it required all the eloquence of the Pawnee and his fellow-leaders to induce them to persist in the attack. "They going to break in door!" said the Che- yenne cheif, peering out while he reloaded his rifle. "Fire, brave squaw, now!" Mrs. Dane, her loaded rifle in hand, aimed at the Pawnee, who had unwittingly put himself in range of her weapon, while leading his forces to attack the house. She discharged the weapon simultaneously with that of Prairie Wolf. The Pawnee fell, as did his second in com- mand. Instantly the consternation of the savages culminated in a wild panic. Those who had begun to assail the door beat a hasty retreat to- wards the protection of the cotton-wood trees; others seized the bodies of their dead, and fled in the direction of their horses, and did not pause until they had put themselves and their steeds out of rifle range of the house. "Good!" said Prairie Wolf, with a grunt of satisfaction. "They have council. They won't come back till dark." "It is already sunset," said Mrs. Dane anxiously. "Oh, if my husband and Miriam were only here!" "Where Big Hunter and little squaw gone?" "Hunting. It is time they were back. Those savages are retreating to the belt of timber. Mr. Dane could get back now if he were only near. I will look out at the back of the house." She crossed the floor, and looked out of a loop-hole at the rear of the dwelling. Suddenly she uttered a cry of joy. She had seen a horseman spurring over the plain, approaching the Dane cottage at a mad gallop. He had just emerged from the shadow of the belt of timber on the south side of the estate, and, with his eye upon the savages at the western side, was putting his horse to its ut- most speed. "My husband!" cried Mrs. Dane. "Two, three Injuns coming out of timber, on horses," said Prairie Wolf, keeping a look-out upon the foe from the opposite side of the room. "They look! They measure distance! They go back!" "How fast he comes!" exclaimed Mrs. Dane, thrilling with excitement, as her husband's horse fairly leaped over the intervening distance between the belt of timber and the imperilled home. "He flies like the wind. But, oh, my God! where is Miriam?" She looked, and looked in vain, for the grace- ful form of her daughter. In a tumult of terror, her motherly fears all alive now, she waited until her husband drew near, and then hurried down stairs to admit the settler by the rear door. He came up, his horse panting, and reeking with sweat. Without a word to the anxious wife and mother until he had turned his steed into his stable, Mr. Dane approached her, his haggard face expressing his anxiety and fears. Mrs. Dane drew him into the kitchen, and barred the rear door. "Miriam!" she then gasped. "Where is she?" "Safe, I hope, Marcia," replied her husband in a husky voice, as he clasped her to his breast. "I left her among the trees by the river. Thompson's home was menaced by Indians, and Miriam lent him her horse. The child will stay where she is until I go for her. Thank Heaven yon are safe!" The mother's lips quivered in anguish as the father thus simply told the story of his daughter's heroism and danger. A wail arose from her heart, but she resolutely repressed it, and the face she lifted to her husband's gaze, though deathly pale, was still calm and resolute. "Miriam did right," she said, simply. "Hea- ven will guard her for her goodness. Come up- stairs, George. Prairie Wolf, who was sick here last summer, is assisting in defending our home." Mr. Dane followed his wife up to Miriam's room. Prairie Wolf welcomed him with a grunt of satisfaction. "Where little squaw?" he asked. Mr. Dane briefly related the incident which had involved his separation from Miriam. A quick look of alarm crossed the painted visage of Prairie Wolf. "Red Knife coming that way!" he said. "Me go for little squaw! Me bring her safe home! Me send for my tribe! Big hunter and brave squaw keep off Injuns till Prairie Wolf comes back." The Indian only waited long enough to hear the parents' exclamations of joy, and then he descended the stairs, Mr. Dane following to give him egress. Prairie Wolf entered the stable, selected a fresh horse, and mounted him, galloping away to the southward, on his quest for Miriam. Mr. and Mrs. Dane were thus left alone to guard their imperilled home, and to face and battle with a treacherous foe who were waiting only the coming of the night. CHAPTER XI. TAKING PAY, WITH INTEREST. HUBERT and his friends were not daunted by the declarations of their visitor concerning the dangers before them. They answered his state- ments with the resolute air of men ready to battle for their lives. "We do not care for the difficulties in our way," declared Hubert, expressing the general sentiment of his party. "All we ask is to know their nature." "They may all be summed up," rejoined the man, "in this one expression—the danger of detection while you are passing out through the midst of the band." "Very good," said Hubert, grasping the re- volver given him; "This danger we are ready to meet." "You saw that twenty or thirty of the robbers were present?" "Yes." "The number has increased since you came to this dungeon. Our scouts have brought us no news of business, and the men are consequently nearly all present in the caverns through which we must pass. You have all been seen by the robbers in the principal cave, and may be recog- nised by some of them as prisoners. On the other hand, you are strangers here, with unfa- miliar faces and voices, ignorant of the very passage ways, and liable to betray yourselves, or be detected, at every step you take. Should I pilot you all out at once, the movement could hardly escape notice. If I take you out one at a time, so many journeys, with so many different companions, all more or less strange, awkward, and disguised, would be equally hazardous. On the whole, as you see, and as I said, we have a hard road before us." "Well, we must walk therein," asserted Hu- bert, quietly, "and the sooner the better." "Yes, we must take the chances," said Ser- geant Halsey, with compressed lips, "and I go for an instant beginning." The other soldiers approved of these conclu- sions. "Good," commented the man. "I see that you are men of no ordinary stamp. I feel em- boldened to tell you of the project to which I have made allusion." "Speak on," said Hubert. "I have been with these men ever since they left Fort Bridger, and know that they are sound as hickory. If the project to which you refer is one in which we can honestly help you, you can depend upon our resistance." "That's so," affirmed Halsey. "What do you mean to do? Rob the robbers?" The stranger started, with a dry laugh. "You've hit it, sergeant, the first time trying," he answered. "I intend, and have intended ever since I was forced into this thing, to carry away, in taking my leave of the robbers, all the money I can take with me." This statement produced a general sensation. "The simple truth is," pursued the man, "I have planned and labored, not only to get back the money they took from me, but to get enough besides to pay me for the danger and annoyance they have caused me." "This is good, neighbor," exclaimed Sergeant Halsey, with such a joyous admiration for the project thus presented that he momently forgot his peril. "You're a man after our own heart; an't he, boys? What is your name?" "Whipley." "Good. You're well-named, Mr. Whipley, for you're sharp as a whip," declared the ser- geant. "Allow me to introduce my friends to you." He hurredly gave the names of his compan- ions, and Mr. Whipley further expressed his satisfaction at making their acquaintance, after which they all came back to the project in ques- tion. "For my part, Mr. Whipley," said Hubert, "I am with you to this extent, that I would like a chance to recover the amount the robbers have taken from me." "You would not care to go further, then?" "No. As you may be aware, the sum taken from me was quite large. It was honestly earned, and I should be content to base my future comforts upon it, rather than to mingle therewith any of the blood-stained treasure of the Laramie Road Agents. This is a mere per- sonal preference, however, Mr. Whipley, and not a principle for your guidance. It seems to me perfectly right, as it did to Moses three thou- sand years ago, for you to 'spoil the Egyptians,' in taking leave of them." "You wouldn't think it wrong, then, Mr. Earle, for me and the rest to go in with Mr. Whipley?" demanded Sergeant Halsey. "Certainly not," answered Hubert. "You have been robbed, all of you, more or less, and are entitled to take your own, wherever you find it. What is more to the point, your lives have been imperilled, and still remain so, and you are entitled to estimate your damages as largely as even the coffers of the robbers will permit. I think, therefore, that you can all take hold with Mr. Whipley in his little project without the least compunction." The approval of Hubert, to whom, by reason of his superior education and abilities, the soldiers looked for advice and counsel, put an end to any lingering scruples of the sergeant or his subordinates. "I am in with you, Mr. Whipley," exclaimed Sergeant Halsey. "Just give me a look at this treasure of the Laramie Road Agents, and I'll show you at what price I estimate my damages." "Me too!" cried Brown. "Before we leave this dungeon," said the man, "you must fully understand the course I have marked out. The treasure is deposited in an inner cavern, which is guarded by a massive iron door. This is locked and Captain Fair- weather carries the key on his person, as, by the rules of the brotherhood, the treasure-cave cannot be opened except in the presence of the captain, or the lieutenant, who has an extra key. No special guard is needed for the treasure-cave, as no one can approach it save through the inner one, where a portion of the band always remains. I joined the band to save my life, but I have always had the idea of deserting with a load of treasure. I have been at work for months at a key to fit the door of the treasure-cave, and I only finished it this morning. You understand that I have had to work stealthily and in secret, when the men where asleep, and at odd times. I found a chance to try my key this morning, and needed only to file it a little to make it a perfect fit. Here it is!" He drew from his bosom a long, heavy key, of rude manufacture, which he exhibited with evident pride, as with a joyous contentment. "I made that out of a piece of old iron," he explained, as he restored it to its hiding-place. "It was an everlasting job, though. This morn- ing, when I fitted it, I made np my mind to be off to- night. Seeing you brought in, and know- ing that you were doomed to death, I concluded to give you a chance of escape with me. It makes it a little more risky for me, to be sure, but I couldn't go off and leave you in this dun- geon to die. We must climb out of this to the upper cave, load ourselves, and then try to get out altogether. Ready?" "Lead on," said Hubert, with a glance at his person, which was well disguised in its robber garments. "Go ahead," said Sergeant Halsey. "We're Road Agents of the gamest description, Mr. Whipley." "Come on, then," said their guide, mounting his rope. "One at a time. Softly now." He climbed up the rope, with a sailor-like agility. Sergeant Halsey followed. The three soldiers then ascended to the upper cavern, Hubert coming last, his way lighted by the feeble rays of the candle, which Mr. Whipley held as low as possible below the month of the dungeon. "So far good," said the robber. "Now for the treasure cave." He paused a moment, listening, as the muffled sound of boisterous shouts reached his hearing. The prisoners listened too, with hushed breathing. "They're in there!" said Whipley, pointing to the right, where a wall of jagged, fissured rock blocked their gaze. "They're having a carousal. So much the better, for I shall not be missed." Holding his candle high above his head, to light his followers, he led the way along a narrow, rocky passage, full of projecting spurs, This passage was devious and winding. Other passages branched from it, but Mr. Whipley held to the main passage, and at length halted before a great iron door which seemed set in the solid rock, at the extreme end of the cavern. "It don't look as if there could be a cave be- hind this door, does it?" inquired the guide, giving up his candle to Sergeant Halsey, while he endeavored to fit his clumsy key. "There, I am afraid I've made a failure of it, after all! No, in she goes!" he added, exultantly. "Here we are!" He turned the ponderous bolt of the lock, and pushed open the door. He then seized the candle and entered the treasure-cave, followed by the soldiers and Hubert. The cave was small and high, with glittering white walls. It might have been an ice-cave, it was so cold in its atmosphere, and so snowy in hue. From the centre of the roof hung a long stalactite, which might have been a fairy chande- lier, it had such a graceful and airy formation. But neither Whipley nor his followers cared to study the beauties of this subterranean palace. They had eyes only for the bags, boxes, and chests littering the floor, or piled in careless heaps. The guide, with deep-drawn breath and sparkling eyes, withdrew his key from the out- side of the lock and secured the door on the in- side, to guard against even the possibility of discovery or intrusion. He then set down his candle on a high box, and contemplated the riches spread out before them. The bags were open at their mouths, and the boxes and chests were deprived of their lids. Gold coins, in reckless profusion, glittered from these receptacles, in the candle light, like so much condensed sunshine. Heaps of gold and silver were scattered about the floor, contrasting with the snow-white purity of the limestone rock. "Why, I didn't know there was so much gold in the world!" cried Sergeant Halsey, in open- mouthed astonishment. "This is where it all went to during the war," exclaimed Jones. "I always wondered where all the gold went after greenbacks came into fashion, and now I've found out!" "No wonder Uncle Sam had to pay us in greenbacks," growled King. "When I 'listed I expected to have gold. I mean to make up the difference now between what I had and what I ought to have had. This 'ere's government money. See that box lid. It's marked U. S. That stands for Uncle Sam!" "Part of this money," said Whipley, "was really stolen from government trains. Part was taken from emigrants—lots of it from returning miners—some from government, or land agents —and some from lucky gamblers who'd made their piles at Denver and Salt Lake. I couldn't begin to tell where it was all picked up, but here it is. A good deal of blood has been shed in its defence, and many lives have been lost on account of it. Load up, boys. If we get out at all we can get out with some of this money. If we're shot down the money won't do us any hurt! I'll stow away all I can carry!" He moved towards the treasure as he spoke, and commenced filling his pockets. "And I too!" said Sergeant Halsey, following his example. Jones, Brown, and King began with ludicrous haste to fill their pockets with coin. While they were thus occupied, Hubert dis- covered his belt and other effects which had been taken from him, and he took possession of them at once, securing them on his person. "I believe I am satisfied, if I can now get out safely," he said. "I have got back my own. I want nothing more!" "When I was taken prisoner by the Laramie Road Agents," said Whipley, "I had on my person just three hundred and seventy-five dol- lars. That, with ayear's compound, compoundest interest, would just about equal what I've al- ready taken. Then I must have my year's wages. The plunder has never been divided yet, so that I've only had my board and clothes. My year's wages would come to about this here pile of coin. Then I want damages for my forced detention, for what I've suffered, for my anxie- ties, and so on," and he emptied the entire con- tents of a small box into his boot-tops. "Then there's the injury done to my moral character during a year's residence among ruffians—I put that pretty high! Besides what I've undergone, I must be paid for what I'm about to undergo ! The risk I'm about to run, in my efforts to es- cape, demands a generous consideration." With a rapidity which the sergeant tried in vain to equal, Whipley bestowed upon his per- son all the loose coin he could reach, and then weighted his person with small sacks of coin, which were secured to his waist by strong cords. The sergeant and the soldiers loaded their per- sons with similar sacks and then turned longing eyes upon the gold which they must leave be hind. "It's hard," said the sergeant, "to leave all that treasure, but what must be, must be. Shall we go now, Mr. Whipley?" "The guide looked at his watch. "It is late," he said; "the evening must have set in, and it must be dark out doors. I'll lead you out through the cavern in two lots. So many at once would not be able to pass out. Who will go first?" "I will remain till the last," said Hubert, quietly. "So will I," said Sergeant Halsey. "The three soldiers may then follow me," said Whipley. "You must be cool now, boys. Don't march; just saunter out, swaggering like. I'll leave the soldiers in the outer cave, and come back for you, Mr. Earle. Once outside, astride of good horses, we can afford to take our chances." He took up his candle, and conducted the prisoners from the treasure-cave. He locked the door, putting the key in his pocket, and con- ducted his followers to the vicinity of the great inner cave where the robbers where assembled. The sound of voices and roysterous shouts, mingled with the clink of glasses, was now near at hand. Whipley indicated a niche in the rocky wall, where Hubert and the sergeant where to await his return. He then extinguished the light of the candle, and with a few last admonitions to the soldiers to muffle their faces, and to betray no anxiety or trepidation, he led the way along the narrow passage into the great inner cave. The robber band were gathered around the long table, on which burned a dozen candles. The fire in a distant corner was burning low. Supper had been eaten, and the Road Agents had been regaling themselves with strong drink and cigars or pipes. The smoke from the burn- ing tobacco was so dense as almost to hide the greasy cards with which they were amusing themselves—there, where so many of their com- rades had so lately been killed. "Whipley's entrance was not observed. But he had not crossed the floor of the cavern, on his way to the place of egress, when one of the men caught sight of him, and challenged him to a game. "Pretty soon," answered Whipley. "I'm on guard now, you know. The lieutenant stationed me in the outer cave to watch." "Then what are you doing here?" cried the lieutenant, who appeared half-intoxicated. "To your post, Whipley!" The intended deserter passed out. Brown stole after him. Jones swaggered as if intoxicated, carefully keeping his face muffled, and gained the corridor beyond. King, with an exaggerated air of carelessness, followed soon after in his comrade's steps. "There go four Road Agents!" observed the lieutenant, glancing along the table. "I don't miss so many." "Oh, you see double, leftenant," laughed one of the card-players, who had not lifted his head. "You've paid too much attention to that brandy bottle." "I mean to pay more attention to Whipley after this," observed the lieutenant, accepting the man's explanation. "He's a sly fellow— always missing lately. See here, my man, it's my trick!" Whipley escorted the soldiers to the mouth of the passage that led to the outermost cave, and bade them make their way to the entrance while he returned to Hubert and the sergeant. When he returned to the inner cave jolity again reigned supreme. In the noise and con- fusion, Whipley traversed the chamber unseen, and gained the presence of the waiting pri- soners. "All right, so far," he whispered. "You had better follow me out at brief intervals—not too close. The men have gone on to the outside. We'll go to the lower side of the butte, where the horses are corralled under cover of a stretch of pinewood. I have them already saddled and bridled. Keep your faces covered. Now for it!" He stole back into the cavern. As before, his presence was detected before he had gained the place of egress. You back here, Whipley!" ejaculated the lieutenant, with an oath. "I put you on guard. What are you doing here?" "I wanted a drop, leftenant, that's all!" re- plied Whipley, with assumed assurance. "I haven't had my supper, you know." "You'll get it when your watch is up, in just fifteen minutes," said the lieutenant. "If you come in here again, I'll just inquire into your proceedings." Glad to escape thus easily, Whipley muttered an excuse and passed out. Five minutes later, when the merriment was again in full tide, Sergeant Halsey glided through the inner cave as silently as a shadow. "What is that? A ghost?" cried the lieu- tenant, uneasily. "That makes the fifth or sixth, counting in that Whipley." "Looks to me," said a man at the foot of the table, "like one o' them sodgers, if 'twa'n't for the clothes." "That's so!" exclaimed the lieutenant. "He did walk like a soldier, and it wasn't a ghost. I say—" Ae paused, as Hubert, who deemed it best to move at once, crossed the floor of the cavern. Our hero had nearly gained the entrance, when one of the robbers reached out and caught at his cloak, which was dragged by the move- ment from Hubert's face. "One of them prisoners, by Moses!" he ejacu- lated, recoiling. "There's treachery!" cried the lieutenant, leaping to his feet. "That sly Whipley has re- leased the prisoners. After them, boys, like lightning!" Hubert sprang out of the cavern, darted down the narrow passage, and slid down, a rocky in- clined plane at whose base was a fissure, through which he crept into the rocky chamber in which he had been taken captive. Here Whipley and the sergeant awaited him. "We are discovered!" cried Hubert. "The robbers are coming!" The assertion received emphasis from the loud tramping and excited shouts which penetrated to the ears of the fugitives from the inner cavern. In an instant they were in full flight, along the rugged passage that led to the outermost cavern. Despair lent them wings. They knew that death would follow capture. They bounded onward, along the dark passage, their garments frequently catching on projecting bits of rock, their keenly excited hearing detecting the sounds of the mad pursuit. The outer cavern was reached. The three soldiers were waiting there. They had been too anxious about their comrades to go further. The panting condition of the fugitives revealed to the soldiers better than words could have done the fact of the pursuit. In a moment they too had joined in the flight. But a brief delay occurred in effecting egress through the aperture in the rocks, and the fugi- tives emerged into the outer air. The night had fallen. The soft shadows lay thickly between the earth and the heavens. Not a star was visible. In the soft gloom not an object could be distinguished at a dozen yards' distance. "Hear them coming!" cried Whipley, bending his ear to the entrance of the cave. "Hear their shouts and curses! Quick, to the corral! It's life or death with us now. Follow me!" He leaped away down the side of the butte, bending his steps towards the woods that lay on the opposite side of the mountain. Hubert and the soldiers kept him in sight. They had not gone a dozen rods when the robbers, now thoroughly sobered and alive to the peril of allowing the fugitives to escape, dashed out from the cavern. "After them, to the corral!" cried the hoarse voice of the lieutenant. The robbers rushed in headlong pursuit. Whipley conducted his party to the woods, entering its shadows. In a little hollow, sheltered by surrounding thickets, were corralled the horses of the robber band. Whipley led the way to a smaller corral, where stood half a dozen horses, which he had saddled and bridled before- hand, sprang upon one of them, and dashed away in an easterly direction, on the road to Nebraska. In less time than is required to narrate the fact, the remaining fugitives had also mounted, and were following in his tracks. "These are the captain's best horses, his pri- vate lot," shouted Whipley, over his shoulder. "Out to the plain! We'll give them a smart run for it." The fugitives dashed out to the open plain. By this time the robbers were mounted, and under full speed. They reached the plain but a short distance in the rear of the fugitives. "Surrender!" cried the lieutenant of the Road Agents. "Surrender, or we fire!" A cry of mocking defiance came back from the fugitives, all of them shouting in chorus. The next moment a shower of bullets dashed past the fleeing party, but it served only to quicken their flight, no one being injured. "After them!" cried the lieutenant, his voice husky with rage. "Give them no quarter. Shoot them down like dogs. Our lives depend upon their death." A hoarse shout came from his men; they dug their spurs into their horses' sides, and thun- dered after the fugitives with all the mad eager- ness of desperation. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 