TABLE TA.Li. SuDosstsxs' OprEA COJ3PANr. - We would cull attention to. the advertise. menlt in another column, intilating the farewell entertainment for the benefit of adadmne Fanny Simonlsen, on Wednesday evening next, at 8 p.m., in Mao's As seblly Room. 'JENDEnS \Va?TED.-Tendoer will be received till Saturday, the 30th inst., in clusive, by AMr Nickull, Koroito iHotel, Coleraine, for the erection of a residence at. Konongwootong Creek, for John McCouachio, E?qr. INQUEST.-On the 15th inst., Mr Rad ford, District Coroner, held an inquest at the Roseneath Station, on the. body of an infant four months old, that died on the 13th at Peechalba, the daughter of Rebecca Astbury. The verdict was died from cou vulsions. Tate MaL LAutti--Yesterd? y even* ing the whaler Mary Laurie, Captain Chamberlayne. five months out from lio. barton, put into the bay to land a Mr Thomas, in bad health. The Captain reports the capture of two sperm whales, eleven tun= oil; be also report, havingjspoken the Runnymnede, whaler, with 50 tuns on board, since returned to |iobarton. llaving once landed ,\lr Thomas, the Mary Laurie,put again to sea. GEnSEAL REGUL.TIOu S BY TW E B3x1RD or EDUCATION---Iu the Governmentl Ga. retde of the 15th a new set of Rogn. lations to take effect from the 1st January, 1S70, has been issued by the Board of Education and received, in terms of the Common Schools Act, the assent of the Governor; all prior regulations from the date stated will Ise rescinded. The contents of the now regulations are summariosd as follows: -1.-.Distribution. of Publio money, conditions of aid; allowances to schools, salaries and augmentations, payment by results, eveniug schools, training, aid to new schools,roepairs. Under the second head we have the inspection !of schools, antd in the third exanmination and classification of teachers; pupil teach ers; course- of secular instruction; school foes; singing and drawing aud other extra branches; destitute children ; drill and gymnastics, anda miscellaneous section referring to local committees, school houses, school books and requisites, holidays in Common Schools, and general regulations as to the hours, social distinctions, kc., &Ce.; PaesYrenarsN Cnuaclt.-At `a church mrelinsg held yesterday evening, the congre gation resolved, unani:hnoud, to ask the Pr-- b)1 try to na,,dserate in a call to the Rev. J. W. Law-on. T'bhe choice we regard asem st judi ecius-and se look on it ao a Ihappy o are. of luture success Stiat theseslection has been made isithoiut a single di,sentieact. A WAtr.-The following document was found in a bottle picked up some days ago at Bridgewater andl is a still further evidence of' the strong current that sets in from the west :-" Ship ' Star of Peace ' from Laondon, to .Melbourne, belonging to George Th'omap son, junr., and -Co. L.t. 39, 10 south, lu4n. 130, 14 east. -All's well. Left I.ondon ?l.?y 15\. Pilot left the ship 11tsy 19th. Crose?l the Equator June Sth in lon.itude 29, 53 west ; abreast at the- Cape of Good Ilope forty-one days from Start Puit ; abreast of Cape LeuwanI 5G days out fromn Start Polat. Ilave had Ifir wids all the way to the I.euwin, front the Leeuvint totlhis longitude very light fair winds. The la-t ship we ponke was the ' Victorta Cross' from Liver pool to IlBombay. Anyone finding .this is requested to forward the samte to Lloyd's Agent at the nearest port.. l)atedIthis 20th day of July. Distance irosn Melbourte 61O miles. Signed, JAMES . le?sseaoGa, passeln aer. All's well ; hope to make the Otiway by the 24th ult. ; lilht southerly wrin." GEELoxo.-The flood at the B.tvron Bridge sags the Herald of the 19th, at taisted its greatest height at 1 o'clock yesterday mnorninig, and by noon it had fallen it couple of feat and was rapidly going down. Th'le lo the industries -st thie Breakwatter .sustained is nmore froni the loss of labour than ianything else, :;as in all probability work will not be resumed before Thur.day. Although the :rolis .on the river flats are under water,- it is.expected that they will lnot sustain much injury oil account of the. loods subsiding so quickly. At the -Dttk l'onds district the rain hls been welc Imed las a great bost by the formners. All thle waterlhlel and wells ire now well filled. -The creek-- generally a series of waterholes--has been rauilitg like a river. The water is going rapidly. lluout G?.ss. - The estate' ot Mr flugh Glnsrbaset last ] Ieen placed in nslig-nneSt. Owing to the ire'suore of credlit.iro, atd this ciilict?ing interests that are connected with iha estat., it was deemtre ab.ilutely IIn cs--sary either to resort to the In-olvency Courr, or ti snake an asaign?ntent. -The two trLusnes tire g..nilmnen in whoam every conlillunce to tell, andl shoild the estater itit work well our all i:prtie.,- i will Ie Irom no lault of those isl whn0e hannd it i p!!cel. IELBOURNE IlHUNT CLUB STREPLECnHASS. \--T'lhle Ilout Cli,) Steepleclhaseis C-110u off liat Satirdi, iiupsin the Flmulitgton coure, bhit tie. enji. inent ol the .-port. a as tao :ge of tlihe 18th, wos marred con.iderahily by the r.lin, alttiougs it did nut atop, un ay th e contest, or ,Uliiih theirket.nnes. Tl's Grantl Nd a tiOlll St.-rl eciha.e was won Iy ItHin-leer, aud tie ialnt Club Cuip by ithe B.rd, n a utsider, currying itls i10.t. 'Tir ptrie olr tie lI a iii. enr Ilurdl, lliace Ill1 to Playbhoy ; tvic .lsn.. ihes' lilt ito SVolatuo ; th Farmuser's Plate to Musid'Jrs; aud the Selling Steetdldicoae was ,wun by Lbu-,. Tirts PLOuD --ThOe :ige of the 13th .mys: \--It i loug siice we have hadl to record the siltnultanesuu occurrence of sucll ' seri-s of diHaste.rs-fir.', flod and shsipwreck. Clous was tie IceiL ofi tile confldgrai in, whllch broki iut on Friday -nigiit, dertro)ing an extensiv, raigfe O. cntres i and it appeuars t ihas, bren still rugilg ehiin the tow'nll e. vi-ited by a otuifol aitd perhsps still mInre ahistrllctlve loIdS cUnsequeant eupon toie Iavuy' ntlilall. T'e ,fhects au butirilay'a rsain:torli in the Ioi-lysg pilaces oS Melh'bolurn, ard tllb suburbs have been ,very 'lScinagitcg, but nothing lIhs yet occurred near tbe ecty 'to eqianl us de.truc'ion ol proipertv, anld,- it i. to b fearte:ed, of humaan il., eausedsby-lthe tdlil- ia Illlsrat. hUeldigeo, Custleciuine, nlldli other ull.plculntry tuw.nhiip-, .atppear .to havs. be,ba imture uor leo. harrssed. Ita, a siilar vieltaiioi, but apoian lstllnrat tlla deluge iooped5l5oti lils e ni nllal calamit., tLe xtelllit i which can be bh t gus at bausetty the Slelils which we iaablieh elseulierea.' esaidesi. ina al Ihcy cre. iaa islitosa to tLit therue ia Ise .wlek ut the linre iru sahipa tus \iCUtori "'t'ser, ul Ihe Vhite Snu r s Li't e whiaa l, on t.r Islat sumaae Iroal s.iverpuul to- .\Jel Iaturae, wvelL llallure ou .aturday astrllillg, rsa'r Brea a Crreek, whil's.. tuakig lui uthe Ilenlas. For ..sosIa IIuItrs$ )'elterdaly grut alsr.i ,revuiledl Lsruughtut the.city ua'i.g to ial eXsiscgerutleul sLCUlti uI thu Lualuls.0, reluae'nlii g lug a all on iiard tad o pblished, Iauppily, thlug alrul ls a renr to icase bteei, lost, botia cricv asid ,' as allgerd r'eaesid thau shuresu slely, ahlisugh i aftir 5larottaltsed jeriotd uf(sulirtig, a.tieal and lii'yic;al., S ,' -. .. 'r'..:-, ,? Asorusc Gicost Sroar.-WYe regret to state, savs the Gundagai Times, that the hen yip which used to live in a pool in the MSr. rumbilgse, near Gandsgli, seems to have quitted his oll quarters; but we learn that a ghost has come to dwell a nonast us, possibls s ca3mpensatiun for the abovre Ins. We can not as . et indicate the spectre's resildence, it it has one, but the culvert familiarly termed leaontt's Filly, on the sideling of Mount Parnaesas, seams one of its haunts, as we have been inlormed that, on Sundae evening last, a gentleman roi lent in our locality who was riding past this spot, wan their confronttel by the supernatural visitant. It rose apparently from under the culvert, tall, shadowy, and withl a livid phosphoric light ahout it, such as a b d! tis!,h ?ng in a derkplacerxhibits. As the shape approached the startled steed - rerel, and the riler's hair stool on end ; linat the lsp parition se,'oneI to :ass under thle horse, and disappearedswith a faint hollow sound, lite a diotant dling groan. Ve neet nit ~nv that the orsemnn malde all hasts to ql;-t the spot; blt we muay iadd tlhat " anther party avers that he . has seen this spectra. in thie some place, that it passed him by like a flash of fire, andt that he thought his whiskers were singed off by it; ?o far tlhis is saltisfctory ; every place ought to he celebrated fur- something, -and a well suthenticited local ghost we dIl anll consider ably toin ur townahip's reputatin. ItcArLLati? Cntts F?o RtauzortsAst -It is a tutter for general remark a sys the Hlamilton Free Press, that oftite years there has been a gre.st increase of sufferingS on areo unt Of rheuma:tism in its various forms and degrees. To wh it cause th's may be attributable wt oanuot say; buat it is not the less true that rheumatism, both chromti and a;Jte, srtitioa, l?nmbi?go, So., are at the present time so comnotn in soma places they alimost ass no the ch racter oflan epide:nic Tire torture, how ever, of the diseus is 'not lessened by the fact of numberasbeingcompelled to endure it; and we should think thit any well prioed remedly wo sd be bailed with delight by manysa vrioti. 'We hare msa:, p!eoure.in pubilshing a prescriptlon which within tbh range of our owa observtion has lately ff credl sereraloures, and in ol a well-known case with such alac.ty and certi naty astto am?lnt almnost t th mraculonu. Tte tollowina is the recipe referred to, and we may state that the miterials for brewing the medicine 'my be par ohased at the chenist's for six shillingsa - 2 oz rxtr.ct camp und srs.tp Lrills ;' o tino:ure g ?m gua?came : 1 oz mnezereon"root; I oa iolide of potash; ot Osassfrts bark; I ao Spanish liqior"ee The bark; root liq'uorice aind grus,?~ariill.' be old be boiled together in one g.cltn of water, down to two quirts. "Afterauars str.tin and add the tinoe ture of glacum and ioaideaofpoash. Bottle walen cold. Dose-three winegl?sses dii y, apoidliiy oall stimunuts.. - ''lc .SQUATrtso Cissn Aoatesr rtt o QUEasEs LAND Giov.Nat?NnST. -%Ve le irn from our -yd. tiny fiees that the.hearing of this imnprtant c .ae conmmenced on. Wednesday. the 29 h ult., at 'ockh inptoti, before ir Juitice Liatwycliaeian a speci ljury. This was an action by pslintiff agninas the toversnment,; for d image., for re fsuiug to grant him leases of certain pitions of country, antt for having granted leseo.. of the .nme country to others, atone portion.to lant son, Frizer, and Richards, and of anottier portion to MoriZrty ands Watt. The defetldails pleaded a gener.a issue to all the allege ions it appeared that oae J int.s L.ith II ty had tni-: dered for blocks of c.ountry name i Ludwig, Darah, and Kilmnore. in' thi Springsure di-trict, then a portion iof New South \Vales; that Mr Wiseman, Conmnissianner of Cr wn 'Ladds, aont in amended descriptions. of thisccountry:in 1300; that ,the tenders were accepted the country tcomprising an area. of twre.ty-fl:e square mil.s, anLt ext.ndtd from Spring-iire Creek to lintiera COeek; that euhb.etiently thay tran?estreds all hi right and title to this coustrya to e iplaiutitf, irsn's took- possanion o'Iit, ; an hell it sunitil Id.i0, and hid spent moesy ona it, and done all thii;gt ias a;siry ftr its .eoupaptii',ostiat the Govereiiseti reftsul to gren' sim leaes.s, aist.gran, t d thegn to others, of onb port on, to FrPnecr, . Manson aul RIttohardst. tn I of satolier purtlu to .Moriarty nunl nVatt; thint pl tistff tiad re:nIved snt ce from Riichards. tcit iis itee'pwJuld beimpphisdd d ,f e did sot remove them tfrom the.country wit il riy-etghs hInur5s that he was torces !U conuequJenCe to reauve h deept oiu, tile runs, to hbi great los. -, lle timat. d his loss by therGoverntme 't relu?sit' to grint. him erases, and by tia be ug obged to. 'b.ssloni tit: nesitryi.at not tes thatn 16i.t00, and clainied £30,0JO. t'h healsliugoferde'nuaeltr tr. s pinsinc pilly to the looality and boundari?al of the 1 mid li dliapte, ad'to'vartous documents, was 1one into, alnd oetinued dorig six days, On 'P0esJav the ase conicluded,mi verdict being obtabined by the plaiuUtltfor ,. O ., .6 A DLuKNoLt ATrrinlYr.- t painful scene was wlturesdse u the I)n.io:ly polite co.trt on 'ues liJay 12th lust, .i* wetlearn ran our alocs cuOtemulplary the Express : -' r Crabbe said lie was surry to have to bring under notice the coduct of osiu of tale puota.oun, br J.. . w'tlesollon, who hid recently served a thiloe.i t ssumonas o a ctheat of Its (Atr eraibe'e), pspo. ting to bhe a pl ice court s aimnos, but Wicnn docu ulatutwt oe. o;i te fa tee ot It that .t had never ueer tJstiued by the 'court.: It bore on it. two large wax; aeasd, u d. wiso tint signed by assy miagistriat. It w, ti,ted up in the haudwa'titng ut lr'Nicholson,'. anub h.sa tme was csnsp.:uouu.ly ebidoread "oil the' aumuo.is as *• yldih ic ',ttcoroy." -he duan Ol £5 ewas aclImed as dam.lges. This spursusas,summied had. it appeared, been not only tilted ,.p bat served oni the dlselidanit ~a LIloausanu) by Sir 'tch .lso; a.d .,t wasmtated sn court that Jlri'i olulson had told the UIsnan ..an that it ule gave hi.is (.ise.Iulsea) E3 he would withdraw the seuaions. ai r UOrist- taka Mlr Nicholhou what he had to say :un answer to the ntate.atetjunt made..' Air N,.oulson pleaded that tie was druat so tite time I lie dt.I not retoaluhel Lhavug offered ti sbettle the etloint t'r im, liut would not say be haed notdoueso. Air t rilt saild suce co.,duct wtit dierdeeanta .. It i??c very muchll at eeu,.eauourt.,g to ootain money under false preences. o?r ?ieholuuLi was is the postlion of a gemnileua?t; te wt as OUn at any, rate sy .tat of t'ailaseitat. but'his candaut in thin o,; uuand It.s .efeuce. prov'ed it-wad only by Act ut paurla. maust ithra h was cuttlid In tiatt dtiguuatioa ale stIutId stot hbae thuughh soa baisy ut the case it she..stmps to Impuose nat -blies us u ass.i?lgU manou; but tu wurt un tie learn ella poor iauraut thlinansis.s iuti? wy.uae ad due unsas ne wan sas teaturn su ta e lai. As there wras noactuals aurge scdilOst .slr Nlloiuotan ite uuld .dO uO.unug In tce ii~tmer, but ito w.rieid titm '(.dsr 'tSinuluca) that it sunt cd;aslet warr rtpuai-id,a.ed. case Juder sits uolue, ?ie sunuld mlust suarrsely'r~eyprt'themitcetr to stle ?taiU'ney-;eUeral."' ' 