WE cannot help thinking that our friend Mr. Everard would benefit by a tour amongst his old constituents. He appears to he labouring under the impression that the squatte.s have still a hold of the whole colony, and that the Government wish to give them another lease of the public domain to the exclusion of the people. If Mr, Everard paid Rodney a visit he would find it very different from when he represented the dis. trict, and received the ovations of the people for his stanuoh and never tiring exertions when fighting the frst Land Bill battles of Victoria. Mr. Everard appears to us to forget when himself and Wilson Gray, as lions of the Land League, were almost worshipped because they declared that nothing would make the country great but free selec, tion before survey with deferred payments. We say that he seems to forget that we have in the Land Bill before Parliament those great principles, and we hare also a very liberal system of commonage in force, and we are extremely sorry to see our old friend and one of the champions of Land Law Reform going to extremes, whiqh circum stances have rendered unnecessary, and which if continued will -become ridiculous. If people are allowed free selection before survey with deferred payments and a liberal system of commonage we do not think that they have much room to find fault with the Government on acouant of their land policy, and a glance at the past reveals pretty plainly the fact that if the present Governi ment were superseded by those who would make more liberal promises on the land ques tion, those promises would be broken or some great political advantage would be sought by the present Opposition; they will always start fairly by giving nothing for nothing, but the equities of the position soon get disturbed when once the miserable lot obtain power. We are sorry to find Mr. Everard taking up the position he has assumed,. but we believe that he is fully convinced that he is doing what is right, and so it would be if there was any necessity for refusing to let the squatters die a natural death instead of slaughtering them. Mr. Everard is fighting they ghost of monopoly after the demon has been destroyed ; and we are sorry to find him declaring that he would join any conspiracy against the Ministry, in order to destroy an evil which does not exist except in imagina. tion. However much we may disagree with Mr. Everard, we feel sure that he is acting from worthy principles, but he is laboring under a mistake.. But how about ,ir Macgregor? . To what cause or principle shall we attribute his opposition to the Land Bill and his old colleagues ? We cannot see that the Ministry are a particle less worthy of confidence than they were when he was one of them, and his opposition to the land bill does not appear to us to be of a vely genuine character. We are not able to persuade ourselves that the man who so feel. ingly pleaded for mercy for Mr. Glass when charged with attempting to corrupt members of Parliament is likely to be very much in earnest when opposing the land bill because it is too favorable to the squatters; indeed the position assumed by Mr. Macgregor is at once the height of public impudence and the depth of political infamy. 