TOPICS OF THE DAY. By the overland mail our Melbourne files are extended to January 16th. The revenue returns of Tasmania for the year have been published, showing balance 1 ?1j~? 937 tofeTor of 1868 as compared with The company of minstrels, ballet dancers, comedians, Ethiopians, dramatists and operatic performers, repeated their varied and diverting entertainment at the Theatre Boyal on "Wednesday evening., and were heartily applauded by those present. This week's mail brings no news of importance from the Korth. At Paratoo the weather was coo], and there had been a alight ?m—too little to beef any service. FromUm beratanaaiid other quarters, the reports apeak of beat and drought. On Wednesday afternoon, about 3.30. a little boy, the son of G. M. Bathford, was accidentally ran over by a horse and cart, dnven by a fanner living at Springbsnk named Michael Colvert. Dr. Campbell attended the sufferer, and found that his thigh was broken. | The following piece of information from the Argus wiU be interesting to our potato-growers:—" The quantity of potatoes exported this seasonfromWarrnambool is likely to be far from the average. What with frost early in the season, and the long drought after wards, the crop has been spoiled." The Victorian Spring Creek diggings £ appears is improving. The Argua states that Tnerushfrom Bendigo to Spring Greek is increasing. There ate three lines of coaches running, indaU of them are packed daily Itis believed on Bendigo that at Spring jCreek 'an extensive end permanent payable goldfieldhas been found.*" On Saturday afternoon, January 16 an ardent happened to lit. James White, a milkman, living at Uhley. He was mounted h?rLI^K* rtlfch-iV tl7illg *? OT*rtakesoDie horses which were in front of it, unfoitnnately managedto throw its rider, whosecollar-bonf n^^atetn^S^v^^T^- Geelong, it seems, is soon to be the seat of a new industry. A Melbourne paper says- M>7 SwKTfc 1* *? ? ooted *" Gedoag for ! tte esteblishinent of a Company to manufac tw? ?Jae,.a person ekilledlntle process of maWUusartide having stated hfa ability to M yi^> ♦?[ * 411/. at * Price conside rab^^s than it can be manufactured for in ttat the pmes stand at aimilar amountato those of the late Port regatta. There are several energetic members of Committee, but first sailing prize on his own list. On Wednesday morning an accident into by a, cart bdoncins to Mr Pi?- The wTh,i?l y*^B- a.confirmed drunkard, was brought to the Police Station by a lad named Html^ whortated that he had found him ma house by bim?K without any fooi The b^who wquitea chad, had no reUUves i^ town, and the neighbors had been kindly sup plying him with food. The father calledduring bA^? onhad •- -ssss On Tuesday erening, as Mr. CulTer, of Uartongton ,waseiem?ing ayounghone. and as \- came off without the slightest in t jury. W^Cnlver attributes the acddent to the ? J??*J f to the bridge, and blames \- the District Councttfor not having them put t there. ' ; In our Tuesday's issue a paragraph I appeared relative to a man being seen in Mr. Dunn's mill,at Port Adelaide, onSunday after -5 noon under suspicious circumstances. Since } then some of the hands about the mill have SMkedup ascrap of paper the fellow dropped, 3 which purports to be his last will and testament, ? **%£" WOItPS ??d stjte ?f ?"? document, and the Peculiar nature of the bequests therein set forth afford strong evidence that the intru . ders proper place would be in the Lunatic Asylum. r j A very interesting meeting was held at Stow Congregational Church on Wednesday ' eSeni^ Tht object of the meting waste f allow the members of the church and congrega tion an opportunity of bidding farewell to their pastor, the Rev. C. W. Evan, on the occasion i of Jus departure for England to recruit his , health. Afterteaapublicmeetingwasheld, under the presidency of Mr. a. Hay, M.P Several I speeches were made, and Mr. Evan waspre r sented with an address and a purse of 150 boye , " fr". he warmly and affectionately acknew ? ledged. We regret that owing to great demands '. on our space we have to defer for a day or so the publication of our report. t Tjje -Roister is wrong in saying that tha Galatea is to be at Swan Kiver about the fc middle of February, as the programme which r he publishes shows. The date of arrival at . Perth is fixed for the end of January and of . departure for the beginning of February, and of arrival at Sydney about the middle of Feb , ruary. Being wrong in his facts, our contem- F porary ts also wrong in his inference from the • US&" P the time fiXed m the Programme i 3 , adhered to, His Koyal Highness ought to be E Here early in February, before the arrival of the . next maiL We confess, however, wo do not 1 ! ee o h?' r **? Gdf te!L is to go from Swan Biver , to Sydney m lo days, caUing at Adelaide and Melbourne, "occasioning a probable detention , of eight days." But it is evident, according to the programme, that the Galatea ought to leave t Perth in the beginning cf February. f "A pitiable case of child-desertion" • says the Wagga Wagga. Advertiser, "came r s^?? recently. Four ragged little ohudren were brought up by Con stable Nelson, of Narandera, for protection. It r appeared that their mother, Anna Oonfrey, was s 6?^f e .B r d9otor, nsar "Waddi, on the south bank of the Murrumbidgee, that she had disposed of ; her right in the selection for £10, and had mar , ned one Me ntvre withia the past week at Wagga Wagga, having in the moat inhuman . manner left her helpless children wholly unpro nded for, in a sort of wigwam, without a ?ar- Uole of covering as a roof. The evidence showed • that the poor little creatures were without food I of any kind, without water, and without bed ding, and that the two youngest, aged two and l i-ISf 7^s> were stark naked ' the othe? being I littfe better. But for the discovery of their 3 condition by a free selector residing in the j neighborhood, who most humanely supplied 1 their pressing wants, the unhappy little beings 5 would, in all probability, have perished." I The following is the address of stoek -5 dealers using the Corporation Yards to Mr. A. G. Burt on the occasion of his resignation of the ? Clerkship of the Markets, with Mr. Burt's I reply:—" To Mr. A. G. Burt-We, the under i JJPlf^newijJg that you have resigned the Clerkship of the Markets, wish to express our \- conviction of the just, impartial, and able man j ncr you have conducted the business of your department, during the four years you have held i the appointment—E. M. Bagot, Thomas Dodd, i Dean & Laughton, H. E. Bright, M.P., EL E. • K. O. Fox, andothers."—" To Messrs. Bagotand \- others. Gentlemen—lt is with much gratifi t cation I beg to thank you for the accompanying address. During the period of my appoint. s inent O3 Clerk of the Markets, I hive endea i voreJ, as far as possible, to meet the wishes and interests of both the Corporation and those ' frequenting the markets, and, although at times I my path has not altogether been perfectly t smooth, your present acknowledgment amply i repays me for all past anxi-ties.—lam, pentle > men, yours obediently, A. G. Burt." r , The anniversary servicp3 of the Alher ton and Qaeenstown Baptist Chapel were held on Sunday, 17th instant, when the Rev. J. L. 1 Parsons, of Apgaston, preached admirable ser . mons in the morning and evening; and on Tuesday evening, the 19th instant, a social tea was provided by the lady member of the con -1 gregabon. A very large assemblage partook of L the same, and the good cheer supplied and tasteful decoration of the tables reflected great credit on tho3e concerned in its preparation. ' At half-past 7 o'olock a public meeting was held ia the church, which was crowded. The Rev. ? M. H. Hodge presided, and in his address re" ; marked that it was pleasing to see the interest : that was taken by the different Protestant de nominations amongst each other in that ? district. On the platform, besides the Rev. ; Mr. J. Price (pastor), -were the Rev. Messrs. J. Henderson, J. L. Parsons, R. S. Casely, 1 and G. Stonehouse. These gentlemen seW i rally addressed the meeting, and the , usual hymns and prayers were given. In the early part of the evening the Rev. J. Price • gave an excellent lecture, entitled "Rough Notes of a Month's Visit to MeDiourne," which, being replete with interesting information, I was listened to wirh great attention, and • rewarded with warm applause. The total ' collection of the services amounted to £40 ; The Secretary/a (W. A. S. Neill) report showed j that the admissions to the membership of the i Church were 16, end the losses by death and | removals 7, leaving the present number of members at 102. At the Lord's Day services the opportunities for worship and the privi leges of the pastor's counsel were enjoyed by about a similar number of attendants as during 1807\. The weekly prayer meetings had beer, regularly maintained. The prayer meetings at , the Port had been attended by fewer of their ora adherents than had been anticipated. Welsh services were, however, conducted in Mr. King's schoolroom by Brother Elder Lewis Thomas on Lord's day evenings, and secured more interest The Pastor's Bible Class had met weekly, and the average attendance being 30\. The Sunday scholars had increased in number to 215 on the books. The average ettendanee in the morning was 92, and in the evening 140. The school, however, was not so f uliy supplied with teachers as might be wished. The tract distributors' labors had been extended over alarge area. The financial report showed that the church was free from debt and the total amount collected for all purposes for the year was £281. The commencement of fund tor building a schoolroom had been taken ie hand, the want of a suitable room havisg bsen felt. The usual votes of thanks, and a special one to the Manager of Railways for delaying the last train half an hour for the convenience of those resident in Adelaide attending the meeting, brought the proceedings to a close. Sunday next, January 24, has been ap pointed by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide as a Day of Thanksgiving to Almighty God for the ingathered harvest in all the Churches in his diocese. The following form of service has been issued :— "Morning and evening prayer shall be the same, with the usual office for holy days, except where it is in this office otherwise appointed. " PEOPEE FSAUTS. Two or more of the following Psalms shall be used at the discretion of the minister •.—Ps. lxv., IxxxL, ciiL, civ., oxliv., cxlvii. " PBOPEB LESSONS. "For the First Lesson, one of the following shall be read at the discretion of the minister —Peut viii.. 7; rrvi, 1 to v. 12; Dent xxviiL, 1 to v. 15; Deut. xxxiL, 7to\\. 20 • Dent xxxiii., 26 ; Isaiah xxviii., 23; Hoseaii, " For the Second Lesson, one of the follow ing .—St. Matt, xiii., 24 co v. 31; St. John iv 31 to t. 39 ; St John vi, 26 to v. 36; 2 Cor ix.,6; Rev. jriv., 14 to v. 19. " COLLECT. "O Almighty God, who in past years didat cause the pastures of the wilderness to be dried up ; the harvest of the field to perish: and the husbandmen to be ashamed; and now in mercy has given us the former and the latter rain moderately, and restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season: give us grace also to use the same to Thy dory, and the relief of those that need, as well as our own comfort. Teach us also to remember that ' Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.' Thou hast sent Thine own beloved Son to be the bread of life to our eoula. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever: who nowliveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end* Ampn, "After the general thanksgiving shall be said the following > — " O Lord God of Hosts, who dwelleat in the high and holy place, and yet bast respect unto the lowly; who makest Thy son to rise on the evil and on the goo j, and sendest rain on ths just and on the unjust; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth • wo yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning the year with Thy goodness; we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast bestowed upon us, filling ottr hearts -with food and gladness. For these and all Thy mercies we land and magnify Thy glorious Name; be seeching Thee to give unto us the increase of aU spmtual gifts, the bright light of the Sun i of Righteousness, and the dew of Thy heavenly 1 blessing; and so plant us here in the house of i the Lord, that we may flourish everlastingly in 1 the courts of the house of our God, through ] Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and i the Holy Ghost be all honor acd glory, now and i for evermore. Amen. t ! " THE OBDEB OF THF ADHINBTBAnOS OF TEE ( LOBD'S SOTPEB, OB HOLY COMMUNION. 1 " Instead of the Collect for the day shall be ' used the Collect provided above for morning i and evening prayer. ] "The Epistle.—l Thess. v., 14 to v. 24. t " The GospeL—St Matt xiii, 36 to v. 44 : a or St. John vi, 5 to v. 15." • i 