'THE DAYS WHEN WE WENT OIP5YING.' — How beautiful was the scene on this the first night of ' our camping out. The noble river in Iront of us — stormy and turbulent enough at times — was as still as a mill pond. In the deepening shadows of the evening distant objects became mingled, until the opposite shores (which bad not, in fact, any great elevation) looked like a frowning range of hills, and senned to V,e much nearer than they really were. Presently, ss tbe moon rose higher and cast its beams upon the waters, there came a silvery streak across the stream, just in front of our camp, of such surpassing brightness that the tide ripples shot forth gleams of reflected light like so many diamonds. The night wa6 nill, but its stillness was frequently broken by the cry of some bird, or by the leaping ot the fish in the in er. This latter sound was almost inceSBant. Many itcondf- s-tldom elapsed without SMch a splash as might have been caused by throwing a good sized stOLe into the stream. It is chiefly the mullet that leap in this way— fellows that are not to be hooked, be the bsit as seductive as it may, and that can only bp prevailed upon to come ashore by means of a net. Bui there ere plenty of other fish in. the jives are ?ess Iiard to please. Just when the night seemed more still than ever, there cur.e across the waters a most ghost like . si.und. At first we did not know what to make of it, but after it had been twice or thrice repeated we arrived ta the conclusion that either on shore or in sotne approaching vessel a bullock's horn was bsing blown, by way of signal, by some one whose lungs were in Frst-rate order. For a long 'ime we could see nothing, but the noise of oars gradually became perceptible, sr.d at length b fore-and-aft schooner, of a respect able size for a river crafr, came slowly out of the dark i«bs into the space which fionted our camp, and mere anchored, 10 await a favourable tide. She looked to us if she were close to the opposite bank, but. I dare say, her real position waa about mid-stream. Distant a« the vessel was. we could distinctly hear the voices 1 f ihe two men (I think there were bat two; on board of her. We saw no light on her deck. As our camp tr.ust have been plainly Eeen by tbe schooner's men, we thought if very likely that, aftsr having made a l tnug, they, or one of them, would have come ashore in tbe dingy to have a nearer look st us, and to get a l-lass of grog ; but they did not do so. I dare say the poor fellows were tired enough with using their heavy oars or sweeps, and were glad to get to sleep as soon as possible, particularly as they bad not many hours io rest. The schooner was scarcely anchored ere a boat, pulled by several men — fishermen, beyond doubt — came also out of the bank of darkness above us, and, having first laid alongside of the larger craft tor a few minutes, proceeded down the river. Soon after tbis, the moon having risen higher and higher until neatly all the surrounding scenery wts lighted up, we retired to our tent and slept s- unoly — more soundly, perhaps, than i£ tbe ferns had bten feathers, and the tent a well-furnished dormitory. I may remark, en passant , that, from first to last, we were not troubled by mosquitoes. Frcm my own experience, and from all I had heard of ?he numerical strength and vigour of these wretched lit le insects tbis year, I bad feared - that when \- ncamping, es we necessarily d?, near the banks of the river, and with fresb-wattr creeks and thick foliage in our immediate neighbourhood, we should he ht'f-devoured. The disappointment in this resptct was a most agreeable one. Although it was very late ere we retired to rest, we were up at daybreak. Some of us had awoke earlier, and hed seen a sloop pass down the river. The schooner had started ere we turned out. After a very slight snack, the boat was baled out, and we pulled otf into the s' ream to get some fresh tish for a more substantial breakfast, but even before this the joungest of our party, who had never, ere that morn irg, caught a fish, bad tried his line from the wharf, end bad astonished himself and us by pulling up two I lbck bream. They were not very large, certainly, but it was a good beginning, and hiB delight may be more easily imagined than described. Our fishing in tfce fiream was not strikingly successful : but, after m'.ving to one or two spots, we caught as many as we wsnted. These we had for a late breakfast, to the enjoyment ot which we brought excellent appe tites. One of tbe things which give zest to this fipbjiEg kind of life is, that many queer dishes (-1 diEbes tbey can be celled), are got up, In most of our meals theie -were combinations that would have astonished Soyer. At this breakfast, for instance, we bad a kind of oyster eauce with our fish, and most excellent it wae. It was about mid-day ere, having re-stowed our Inggege, we started to ascend George's Kiver a little further. AVe did not intend to proceed fir, as we uere desirous of getting back to the Woronora, and encamping at 'the Old Woman's Bonnet' in good time. We took a good louk, however, at Salt Pa a Creek — a broad tributary — and at the scenery near iis junction with the main stream. There are several otber creeks above, but there was evidently no such diversity of scenery as to tempt us to change our plan of making a thorough examination of the Woronora, the chief object of our trip. At the entrance of Salt Pan Creek we met a fisherman with his wife and Jamily — an interesting gr.up— in their boat, and chatted with them for some time. The fisherman hitrself was a celebrated character in these parts, known as ' Snake Joe,' from his possession of the power of snake charming, supposed' to be peculiar to the people of India. Of late his gift in thU respect has diminished. After parting from thiB family we turned our boat's head ? end made for the Woronora, managing to keep clew of the extensive flats which lie in its vicinity, and cnived off 'the Old Woman's Bonnet' with just enough daylight before us'to make ourselves comfort able for tbe night. ' The Old Woman's Bonnet ' (some people indi vidualise the old weman whom it iB supposed to fit, and call it Sally's Bonnet), is a cave of irregular shape, some thirty feet in length and of various widths, lying at the top of a steepieh bank, on Mr. Holt's side of the Woronora, about three-quarters of a mile from the mouth of that etream. It is no mere overhanging rock, but a veritable cave opening into a heavy mass of grey stone, and affording fair Bhelter on aU sides but one, where a lot of bushes may easily be set up. tt is laTge enough to shelter u considerable party, and was the place where 1 and seven otberB had to make ourselves as comfortably «s we could in January, 1888, when the rain kept us from stirring abroad for nearly two days. Of course, therefore, there was ample room fcr our party of four. The bringing of out u trips ' up the bank, ond the arranging of them was a 6tiifi.sh job. then there was wood to be got (and it w» i carce near ' the bonnet '), ferns to be cut, and all other little arrangements to be made. We 1 ad no occasion to set up our tent, but this and the t-pme sail were useful to muke all i-nug on that side of the cive which lays most exposed. We were not Jtug there tre we had a visit fnm in old acquaint ance of mine — a man who formerly lived and had a pretty litt'e garden on the opposite shore, but who r.ow, accoiding to his own account, leads a wandering life. He only stayed long enough for a drop of grog ? smd a gossip. He had scarcely gone when, just as we were prepsring for our evening meal, there were loud c»oeeB from inland, and soon afterwards Jthere came ujion us two men who had travelled a considerable distance, and were bound for the opposite side of the :ivtr, Thtir calis were intended for their friends, in. i ider that a boat might be brought for them. One of rur visitors — a very respectable man as we afterwards ascertained, nlthough astranger to us then, had a sort of statior. — a sanatorium for milch cows — on the banks of the river ; and the other, a coloured man, was in his employment. The 11 modest quencher' which we gave the latter person — not observing at the time any symptoms ot hie having been ''moistening his clay ' beiore— proved to be just the last drop in the bucket, j.nd he began to be rather troublesome. His employer was a teetotaller, and was very quiet and civil. The boat soon came over, but our dark friend seemed scarcely inclined to go away, ana it was not until afttr repeated calls that he could be prevailed upon to t u.berk. We were glad when he was fairly off, and nothing further occurred until we retired to rest s'eepinp as Eoundly es on the previous night. In the morning there was some more fishing, in the course of which we were unfortunate enough to g«.t our boat's anchor fast under a rock. After repeamd attempts to get ^loosen it, which only seemed to have a contrary effect, we were compelled to cut the cable aLd leave it with a piece of wood fastened to a line as a buoy. Ere we had prepared to start, we were hailed from the opposite shore by twg men who wanted us to bring our boat over for them. We could not very well make them out, but conceived them to be our visitors cf the previous night. This call to do ferryman's work, addressed to an amateur gipsying party, was rather cool, but we should have been glad to oblige our teetotal friend. Our experiences of the aaiker gentleman, however, were not such as to lead to a desire, just then, for his company. Besides, we could not see why they should not resort to the boat vhich had taken them across the previous night. One of our party, therefore, shouted acrrss that we hud something else to do. We were rather sorry for thiE afterwards, but thought at the time that we were acting rightly. At a later hour, the tide being then rising, we started foT the bead of the Woronera, or rather for the head of boat navigation on that river — a good ten. miles pull. Our intention was to encamp for the night somewhere near the head, and, having taken a good look at the place, to return next day, to leave the Wcronora, and to encamp at some eligible spot cn the banks of George's River. But, as will be seen, our plans were changed by circumstances. To us, who knew nothing of this river, the navigation was very difficult. There are numerous flats, and the channel is itj many places very serpentine. About a mile or two up, where the river is very wide, there is a crossing place only to be passed, even in a boat, when the tide is pretty high. Here we stuck for a short time. There were many other diffi culties. It was only by one of us keeping a constant Irok-out ahead and directing the steerage that we managed to get on so well. Beyond the crossing place, and some flats which- lie in its vicinity, the river narrows and deepens, and thebanksgTow higher and higher until they become almost precipitous. Tbe scenery in this part of the river is bold and fine, the rocks being clothed with timber to their summits. Here snd there, too, the monotony of cliff and forest is broken by the appearance of a sandy point, or a small belt of mangroves with a green flat behind it. Several miles higher up, where the water is very deep, end tbe hills on either side cast a dark shadow on the stream, there are several rocks in thiB bed of it — a rowfof sharp stony teeth, planted right across, which tre' just covered at high water, and which would stave a boat in in a moment if run sharply upon any one of them. Of these rocks, which are called 'The Needles,' we had been warned, and approaching them at a time wben their heads were above water we ran no risk. Tbe channels between them are very deep. After passing the Needles the water, which had already been found changing from salt to brackish, began rapidly to freshen, and tasting it again atter a little more pulling we f iund it to be perfectly sweet. Soon after this the noise of falling waters became audible, end ere long we found ourselves among a mass of r neks which no boat could pass. Making our little craft fast we went asbore, and after some scrambling aionp the banks came to a series of little falls and rapids, along which an immense body of water, beau tifully frefh and cool, and clear as crystal, was being t oured out from emong tbe dark hills to make itt way to George's Kiver and thence to the sea, I was rot prepared to see a fresh water stream of such, mag- nitude. At the time of our visit the discharge was r.o doubt much greater than it often is, for there had been rains not long before. There were, hrwever, unmistskable signs around that the river wbb occasionally very much higher. Look ing at the stream which I then saw, and, comparing it in my mind's eye with that at the Botar.y swamp, from whence the supply for the city is drawn, it seemed to me that if that was enough for Sydney, the Worenora in its then state would havf sufficed for two Sydneys. But as to 'this ' water question ' more anon. There was no place in this neighbourhood suitable for camping, end the afternoon was wearing rapidly away. We could have got back to one of the sandy points before mentioned without much trouble, but hardly in time to make ourselves quite snug ere the . darkness would have been upon us ; and amidst the hetvy woods around, the troonlight would not have helped us much. We determined, therefore, that as we had now become better acquainted with the navi gation of this river we would make a long day of it, and push on for 'the bonnet' — our camp of the previous night — without halting. After taking a little refreshment, and filling our keg with fresh water from alongside the boat, we started on our return. This time the Needles were covered, but. knowing their whereabouts we kept clear of them — and by dint ofa sharp lookout got safely over all the I'.ats and through all the tortuous channels without once touching, although most of the journey had to be per formed in tbe dark. On our way np we had seen a small sloop which came up the river for saplings. On our return we passed this sloop at her moorings, and bailing her people, who were ashore, inquired as to the probability of our getting over the flats. We were told that unless we made haste we should not be able to do it. We made haste accordingly, and. es already stated, we did it. Bight glad were we all, however, when we found ourselves once more at the Old Woman's Bonnet, and very welcome that evening was a 'billy' of strong cocoa and a due proportion of eatables. Our arrangements for the night were soon made, and, as may readily be supposed, -we all slept well. The next day wbs the fourth that we had been out. We determined to make a very short journey on that day and to camp eBrly, so as to have a good rest, and, if possible a little fishing or shooting ere we started for home, which we were'to do on the fifth day. It look srmetime to get a light breakfast and to make all ready for leaving, yet we were afloat pretty early. We determined, however, to make a parting call on our opposite neighbours, and to tell them of the anchor, so that it might, if possible, be subsequently got up. On making this call we met not only Ibis coloured gentleman and his employer, but the other still darker gentleman — a native of the New Hebrides whom we had met at the '* old crossing-place ' — and two coloured ladies, the wife of one of the coloured ger.tletnrn and the daughter of the other. Here we learned that it was the employer and the New Htbridean who had hailed for our boat the day before, and not the coloured gentleman by whom we had bten previously visited. The latter complained of being rather unwell, but seen by daylight and quite £-vber, looked a quiet, respectable, and well behaved personage enough. On mentioning th? anchor, the New Hebridean — who it seems, is a diver — undertook to look for it. A bargain was sorn stiuck, and we pulled him back to the place where it had been lost. The strength of the tidal current had forced the buoy under water, so. that it could not be Been; but after a couple of dives — one of some length — our islander came up with the buoy in his hand, and with an intimation that he had cast the anchor loosa from the ledge of rock beneath which one of its flukes bed caught. The anchor was soon in tbe boat again. The temporary loss of it, and the slightinoon venience which it had entailed, were full}' compensated for by seeing this man dive. After restoring our amphibious assistant to his friinds, and tome friendly chat with the Vhole party, seasoned with a little grave talk among the seniors, about the resources of the river as a fresh .water etream, we resumed our journey. We were soon clear of the Woronora, and with a fair wind, although there was but little of it, 