ELECTION RUMOURS Nswoastls.— Mr. Greorge A, Lloyd fcas consented to come forward for tbe representation of Newcastle He is a free trade candidate, is in favour of the present system of education and immigration, with railway extension by private enterprise, to be subsi dixed by lud grants along the lines. Nobtbdmbk»xA!id.— Mr. Joseph Ward, Mr. F, I. Shaw, and Dr. Brookes are candidates tor the represen tation ef this county Mr. Ward, a: 8 supporter of the Rebertson Government, would view with d is treat any attempt to alter or modify tbe Publio Soboeli Act, and is in favour of retrenchment. Dr. Brookes is in favour of Tri-nnisl Parliaments, the existing aystsm of education, and tilt finaeoial eohems of Mr, Samufll. Mr Shaw will resist any attempt te mak« the Pablio Sohools Act more eeotarian, and is rppoeed to ftd valorem duties, Wbst Sydney. -Mr. W. B. Campbell haa notified hie intention of coming forward again aa a candidate. West Macquabib.— Mr. B Driver ie again in thi field for 'eat Macquarie. Mr. E. Webb, of Bithtrat, haa else tendered his services to the cenetituenoy. Oabooab.— Tbe Eev, J, Burke comes forward as a candidate for Carooar. The reverend gentlemam announces himself as a supporter of the .Robertson Ministty. Bathubst.— Mr, S. Bebioaen is announced as * candidate for the suffrages ot the electors. Thb Laohlak - It ie stated that a requisition is in course ot signature addressed te At. J^mes Watson, of th« firm of Frae-r and Co , requesting tbat gentleman to allow himself to be nominated foi tbe L&chlan.; The Bcgan.— Mr. Lord has intimated his intention to visit Dubbo before the 10th Decmber, the day of nomination. The election will be contented. Twooi three lute barques are teady to venture, bat being small keep near shore Dr. TibbitU, Messrs, Ardill, a surveyor, T. Manning, and J. Pc.nuer have been mentioned as candidates. One thing is oertaia, the electorate will noi be a ' walk over' for there are men in Dubbo who would propose a regular shaver and ahajnpooer rather than have no oontest. TraHcniE-Mr. T; H. Mate again solioits tfe« suffrages of the eleotors. Paeramatta— Mr, George Oikes and Mr, Hugh Taylor h&ve; addressed thw constituency, Oauden.- Commander Ooelow, B.N, has notified his intention of coming forward ee one of the members for this county. Canteeetjht.— Mr, William Heneon, of Ashfiald, ii a candidate. Pbihcb of Wales Ofbea House. — The popularity of 'Foimosa,' which was continued during the whole of lest week, has not abated ; nmmbere of people witness its repreeeetation with apparent enjoyment. The performeis are new thoroughly up ia their part*, and the scenery ia efftctively managed. ' Formosa ' will be con inued for the ourrent week. Ths Buzz Canal. — Tbe navigation regulations of tbs Suez Canal Company and the rates are now before the public The canal having been, we may assume, opned on the 17th of this month, is new ready far all ebips not drawing more thaa 24 feet 4} inohes. Steam vessels may use their own steam power, but sailing vessels of more than fifty tons register must be towed by the steamers of the company. Tbe tonnage of every 'hip will be taken as according to register. The tonnage charge for Uentit from eea to eta is eight shillings per ton, eight shillings for every passenger, and one chilling and sevenpenoe per ton towage. Pilotage: Every vessel over 100 tons regie cr i- required to ttke one of the company's pilots. The charge in sccording to draught of water, and varies from four to sixteen shillings for every deoimitre (4 in ) drawn, acceding to tbe olass of chip, Chiid Lost — On Tuesday last, says the Bathorat Free Fiess, contideiablc excitement was caused am rag the residents at George's Plains, by the aanounoemeat that a litth girl named Yeomans, about two years old, had stiaved from ? home, and could not be found, tx-vernl persons engaged in eeek.ng the child during tbe iny, but wers unsuccessful in tbeir searoh.. , On ' Wednesday morning, twenty horsemen and two men on foot started to soour the bush, and shortly after starling, Mr. W. T. Swestnam and Mr. Pdtut discovered the tracks of the little one on tbe Teapot Swamp-road. Tney there left marks, as agreed upon before starting! of i he discovery, and some distance further they came* upon the tracks again. They then determined te wait until the other horsemen earns up, in order that the eurrouudiog country might ba thoroughly searched ^ and about 11 o'clock the child was found, apparently none the worse for her mghi'a exposure. When eh* left home on Tuesday morning she fca4 on a nightgown and a hood, and when found en Wtdneed»y morning,, she was per'eolly naked, and was eitiing with her feet in a waterhole, end playing with the water with her hands. The child had travelled about five miles, and had orossed a hilly and rough country to reach the spot wb-re she was discovered. Unlike persons who get artray, end frequently travel in a circle, thli child had travelled in an almost direct oonree, bearing S.W, the whole distance, and when dieeovered appeared as happy and mtrry bb possible, although she had been away from borne about tweuty-eeven houm. School or Abts.— Notwithstanding tbe inolemenov of the weather, the Sohool ol Arts was well filled on, Saturday evening by a most reepeotable audience, to enjoj the regular concerts now eo popular. The Hon. Daniel Egan, M.L A , occupied the chair, and the performers comprehended some of the most eminent of onr professional vocalists. Miss Fleming, B, A. M,, again bad a cordial reo ption, and eang seme ohoioe billads. Hor rendering, ' My happy home o'er the* tea' was universally encored, when she gave that br-au'.iful song. ' fiegrit ' SnbBequeatly, with Miss James, she gave Glover's celebrated duet, ' Mother, oan this glory be.' It was sung by both ladies with charming sweetness, and loudly applauded, Mist Fleming also gave ' The Caueeueer' of Balfe, which being encored, elicited ' Thou art so fir, and yet so near.' Sties James eang very eweetly, 'Destinv,' and 'O'er the fields with Patrick,1' the latter obtaining an eatbueiaslio encore Mr, George Russell waa in fine voice, snd gave capitally 'The bashful gentleman,' and the sensation song, 'The ghost,'' both of which were much applaudad. His whistling was - gr-a-Jy admirel Mies Higgins eang very sweetly ' Savt-ornceo Dcelisn' and ' the Dashing White Sergeant,1' and Mr. Harry Goooh eang 'A. World of love at Hiine' and 'a Freshening Breeze' Mr, J , Z Jems gave .vitfa spirit ' the tiuaidtrd-bsaret' and ' the Minstrel Boy.' The trio for Miss James, Mr. JoafB, and Mr. Goooh was not eung, but instead, Miss Fleming, aocompanyug herself on the piano, with great execution and ability, gave a charmieg melody. Tbe ' Anvil chorus' from Trova'.ore, and the ' Soldiers' chorus'' from Fauet, by the Corps de Con cert, were amongst its gems; the ' National anthem' brought to a conolueion a moBt enjoyable evening's ent6ttiinment Mr. B'oadhunt'e piano aooompani. meme must not be omitted mention, for they were very meritorioue. On the programme was announced a fashionable complimentary concert to Mr. George Bussell on Thursday, 2ad December, tote under the patronage of the Karl and Countess of Bilmore Death at WAtiSEND pboh Exblish Cholbea — The tolloning pariibniare of a Oi.ee of somewhat euddea death from English cholera, at Wallsend, have - beet supplied to ns by a person who has for some time been engaged in working at the eame job with the. ?, unfertunate deceased— the re- building of the Primitive Methodise Chapil at WaUeend in lieu of the structure that w*g some lime aga destroyed by fire. Dsoea»edr wh ee n-.me was Frederiok Suanborough, was aged abjut tbirtr-five or thirty-six yean, and was working at th? job as a bricklayer, in company with onr . infiiraiuot and a labourer. On Tuesday night deceased eeeme to have beta somewhat a&eoted; bj the weather, and to have pat-sed a vleep'.eea nighu Early on Wed* neBday morning he was eeiied with purging, bnt neverthelesa continued his work as usual. The day, it will be remembered, was excessively hot, and in toe coulee of the afternoon tbe labourer was knocked up, and had to discontinue vork. Deceased and his mate. being anxious to complete the job, accordingly per* formed tbe labouret'e work in addition to their OWB. At 6 o'clock, after knocking off work, deceased and hiB mate went up to the public-house, where the former took some burnt brandy, thinking it might relieve the purging, which had continned violently all dij. Vomiung. however, set in, and oontinued to such an alarming extent, in addition to the previous symptoms, that it became necessary to send for medical assistance. A medical man rnham out informant believes to bave been Dr. Schrader) was quickly ia attendance, who gave fltanborough same medicine, and advised him to paes the night in a com fortable bed at the public-home, rather than remain in the s-hc-d shere he and the other men hid been lodging. This was done, and our informant asd the labourer undertook to sit up by tarns with ths nick man all night. 1'he pnrging and vomiting not only continued but Lucre eti ia viulenos, and about 2 o'olook in the morning the patient was seized with violent cramps in the B'.omsch Tne doctor was again oalled in, and on his second visit at onoe procouuoed the case to be one of E:giieh cholera. Brerrthing was done that oonld be done under the circumstances, bnt to no purpose, aa ie poor fellow expired about 1 o'clook on lhnrsda; afternoon. We are informed that deceased was a married man, and leaves eix children.— Maitland Mercury. 