THE MELBOURNE HUNT. The hunt on the Flemington aids in the afternoon ia always largely attended, and the muster, last Saturday, was decidedly in adtanos of the average, though upon one or two occasions this season we hare seat it stronger. Flemington is close to town, and Essendon is close to Flemington. Most of the riding xpea, too, lire in that quarter, and for that eren Caulfield, perhaps, yields the palm to "The Kennels." The master, on Happy Jack, looked aa brisk and cheerful as if the soil could never he scentless nor the tillers thereof litigious, and that promising light-weigbt, the whip, was to the fore on Gamecock. Among the crowd, too, were Mr. Watson on Banker, Mr. Woodland on Yathek, Major Baker on Tallboy, Dr. L. O. Patterson on Blackboy, Dr. Fitzgerald on Cigar, Mr. Bell on Heotor, Mr. Dpnaldsop on MUky White, Mr. Martin on Bsilwgy, Mr. Hoyt on a grey, Mr. Bobertion on a ohwpiut, Mr. L'Estrange on a bay or brown, Mr. Madden jun. on Lady Humo, Mr. Collins on Major, Mr. Fenner on Birthday, Mr. Goyder on Certainty, Mn. South on Harlequin, Mr. Jones on Nana Sahib, land many others that we know amjl many more that we have not the pleasure of knowing. We etorted, uftec » r.fisw minutes' law, from the Cross-Boed* and rode to westward of south by wwdwaye and byeways for perhaps three miles,-and on a bit of open ground to the kft of fhe high way the hounds begun to eeek. W« pueeed through* a gateway in a em»U fence, and im> mediately beyond this the pack gevt tongue, went awnyuteomet gdItiilfAiihr ntgrtitrhile "" >ployiogtbnH)glith»nlip the field were i paneL "Dont break "the leno<^"wae the cry, and so no one had it, and at . the ead of the first enolosuro tbt same paeifie,measuros were adopted, and theopen alto-panel was nude use of by all, or neatly all. It M aUvery well for fcboe# who ure first at fib* gate to cry * Don't break the fenoe," which mem* don't lamp thb lenoe wt the risk of breaking We Jmvo • wholesome fear pf tM firmer before. Winr eyes, bat are sdso " •tail, . nsrrowgato houttdi rutmlngfast " ~ -weak one and not too high, ought, id our humble opinion, to take ita chance. The pack kept well together along the side of a hill with a crop on the left, and a gully on the right, and one man went into the crop, but «aw the errors of his ways through tho anathemas of his companions. We crossed a patch of stony ground near a homestead, and a little further on we Bighted tho river at Solomon's ford or somewhere thereabouts. Down the steep, stony bank most of us eased our nag** though Mr. Smith on the right front descended full gallop and established a long lead with Harlequin, and on the left tear the rider of Nana Sahib came down in like fashion, " Headlong bounds and rocking flunks— Down they staggered—down the banks— To the 6tony watershed.' At the river, Messrs. Waidock, Watson, Cowel, and two others made a judicious crossing, but most of us were a little too much to the left and lost some ground in scrambling down a rocky ledge s and going up the steeper, stonier, and more difficult hill beyond tho ford, the field was tailed off and spread- eagled—Happy Jack, Major, Harlequin, Banker, Gamecock, TWlboy, and another, being alone close to the hounds, but the faster horses and lighter weights soon began to get on better terms with the leaders and the pack, and before we eighted the railway. Birthday, Nana Sahib, Vathek, and several others were close up. We had bad no fences hitherto, but the rail way was a fact to be accomplished, and the luggage train was coming in full career at right angles to the pack in full cry. Watson arid Waidock shouted and rode, but their shouts were probably unheard ; ^ luckily the engine-driver noticed the hounds in time, and pulled the steam-horse almost into a walk to let them pass. Some of the Hotspurs rode at the railway fence before the train had passed, and three or four refused. Harlequin and Major were first over, then Gaylad and Happy Jack, and then Tallboy, Banker, Gamecock, Birthday, and a few more. Nana Sahib got ■cross with a fall, and, leaving Mr. Jones to follow on foot, went hunting on his own account, and, I believe, finished the run with a etr&nger; up. Cigar, ridden by Dr. Fitzgerald, crossed both fences cleverly, and another grey, ridden by Mr. Hoyt, jumped the double in capital style. Yathek gave Mr. Woodland a had fall, which stunned him for a while; un fortunately, the brute declined to " leave him Ijing where he fell," after the fashion of the fugitive Nana, hut stood by his master, •' meaning him subsequent pepper.' Vatliek broke the fence out of the railroad. I m not quite sure whether the fence into it was broken, but some got across with a few refusals, and some went straight in and out. and more went round to a gateway a few bundredyards off. The hounds carried a good saent for perhaps a mile further , and then we had a check which let up most of the field ; afterwards the trail was a little colder and the pace slower. Some gentleman in plain clothes got a heavy cropper at a small fence, and was giddy for a few " minutes. Mr. Goyder, I believe, did thegood Samaritan, catching the horse and administer ing the restoring elixir, which his flask usually contains. A big stone wall was crossed with out a mistake by the front rank men, and then we came to a road with two fairish walls, and a little further we had a stony creek with wall just beyond which took a little maueeuvring. The pack presently run from scent to view, raced on to the deer, and would have caught him, bad not Waidock and some others ridden forward at full speed and whipped them back. Two of the bounds, however, got a way upon his tracks, and ran his line very true, and the others being put on, our chase was renewed, slow at first, but the pace in creasing as we progressed. It was somewhere hereabouts that Mr. Woodlands, who had come to the front again, got a second fall, and a very severe one, at a low wall. Vathek landed on some boulders, and pitched heavily. Mr. Woodlands fell with hie head on a stone, and lay insensible. Dr. Fitzgerald and Mr. Gordon stayed with him, and got him home late in the evening, having borrowed a spring-cart from Mr. Morton, who lives about a mile from the place of accident, Md who gave all the assistance in his power. In the meanwhile the chase bore on for about two miles beyond Mount Benson, and then to the right, and finally back towards the rail road. Many of the homes began to show signs of fatignft| bat the hounds began to .get fresher on it, and ran fiercer towards the end of the mn. We crossed eereral stone walls, and one ot two rail fences, and there were more 1 cpflk, but none serious. Eventually the deer gave in, and was caught Mid saved, wot with cut difficulty, as the pack were eager for blood. 33ie deer, however, was saved too late, and bin Ugs had hardly been tied before he gare rip the ghost; so the hounds got what they -welldeserved. Hsppy Jack, Harlequin, Tallboy, \- Major, Birthday, Banker, and the grey, ridden by Mr. Hoyt, went from start to finish as well as anything. Gamecock, I fancy, \- htokedowo. This run was a long one, and in ^acee first] not less than fifteen miles were COfffris 1 wm glad to say that Mr. Woodlands, who , fi still under the oareof Mr. Fitzgerald, is , wetting onwell. He sustained a rather severe • concussion, but no bones are broken, and he is in fiood hande. S'ew-men have the look to be ' attorned twice inone run, We can ill apare \- Mr, Vlfoodlahdi from tbe huniiog-ueld. A Cuiei, -fearless horseman,> who always ride* Btrsfehftufd never -overrides, Jsri ram vtOaag il valued staordingly. The ohase faas h r «heenseinewhet n^Ufiewrieoldants lately,- ond^ * ^*b»tfeh ithese things will happen everywhere, in: |i»«ft»ay tfton b« avoided by a littlB eeason \- - s<ribls!di»ereHon. Tfcfc disasters of a stag hunt i^^gniaarient-and modern times have beennnpro ~ ffiiiflntmttt tamed by overiight,-or hf la&, of .iMriSffifaiafeby chance. For instance, A' thepmjeffitor of the Edomites® ight Ved l ms birthright, ifbe hadi riot al& toeatttttwben he sallied forth in ~ venison. IChere is e ^noraUo the OF oonrse, h» was rigbDr \- for looking at mis, tor I ' ole onlretotod open- mouthed begot h'u deserts of tbe liouuds. He must ' (©forward,©* thty would not hHt#4irifiUd ntag. 'ik for ^ attoiff formlMiaghis deer•' ^have-known" Iif^Fits^ijifleT; should have ' ITespaipttie gallant grey, end avoided that awkward scrape near Loob Katrine. But the Knight of Snowdon was an indifferent horseman, probably, and that vaulting feat on Bayard was only a stale courtyard trick. Also, if Mr. , who is a good man with hounds, will persist in riding a notoriously unsafe brute .... But I will not cite any more examples; for from the days when the mighty Assyrian hunter rode forth with the Royal Semiramis, till the last meet at Chantilly, when le neveu de mon oncle put himself inside his big boots and outside his horse and his chasse, the stag hunt, honoured sinoe time immemorial by kings, princes, and patriarchs, needs no excuses from pen of mine, in spite of those few casualties which may occur in the most orderly of domestic establishments. I may, perhaps, claim indulgence for brief digression, because this is my last offenoe. As far as the records of (he chase are ooncerned, my occupation, like Othello's, is gone. I have tried hitherto to give a tolerably oorrect and passably impartial account of things seen by me in the field, or of facts gleaned from eye witnesses, but I never was sanguine enough to anticipate giving universal satisfac tion. A man cannot see everything in a hunt, especially a man who has often quite enough to do to take care of himself ; and of things seen by others, three different riders will generally give as many divers versions, be cause, though candid to witness and com petent to judge, these men may take different views of the same occurrence, or see the same thing in different lights. For these reasons, perhaps I am glad that my chronicles are finished. If I had to take notes again, I should like to take them up in a balloon, with an experienced oeronaut as my host. It is a truism that lookers on see most of the game, but it is hard to look on a run without participating in it. However, let me assure those whose exploits ought, doubt less, to have been more minutely chroni cled, that though I may have omitted much and overlooked more, I have neither wilfully favoured one nor wittingly slighted another. Heidelberg is the next meet, but as the popular lyrist naively observes, addressing a false fiame, who, though divided on earth, dreads recriminations in heaven— " Content thee, I shall not be there ; Or, if there, Iehallbedumb." DRA.GSMAN. 