CHAPTER XLIII. 1 iJeautirul Venice: City of song J Tliou seemest to breathe of poetry and loveliness. The dazzling sun of thy brilliant sky seems "with his gorgeous rays to kiss each dancing ripple on thy beautiful waters, and to pour forth such a flood of light and beauty as to put into the shade fair scenes of other climes. The towers of thy ancient palaces stand forth in ancestral glory. Thy beauty, though on the wane, surpasses ought that shall follow thee. The Muses claim thee as their own, and till time shall be no more never wilt thou he forgotten. Splendour .and poverty, joy and sorrow, health and sickness, comingle strangely in thy streets, and tell a tale so strange and intricate as to give force to the saying "Truth is stranger than Action." But to our story. Situated near one of the squares of Venice might he seen one of the most magnificent buildings of that proud city; a palace which had felt the hand of time with lighter touch than any other in its vicinity, There was the stately piazza sustained by marble columns, round which the luxuriant vine clasps its delicate tendrils, and hangs in festoons of rich beauty over the superb alcove. The baud of the artisan who devised this edifice has long laid cold in death ; hut gazing on the magnificent pile, we feel that his chisel and hammer has wrought for him a fame which shall never be extinguished. Near to this splendid struc ture stands one as humble and as unpre tending in its appearance that it seems built as if to form a foil to the glorious edifice of -which we have just spoken. It has evidently been at one time the dwelling of some respectable family, who cared little for architectural beauty. Now it has fallen into the hands of those who let it out in apart ments to those passing sojourners in the city whose means do not compass more fashion able quarters, The apartments on the ground-floor are: occupied by an EnglisTi family with small means, but with large ideas. Tapbecond-floor is let severally to a poet, a painter, a lawyer, and a school mistress. All have separate apartments, and have in great measure to wait upon themselves. Now and then, as they meet one and another on the stairs or landing, they exchange a passing salutation, and the gentlemen have become a little sociable, and now and then smoke together, or have a cup of coffee on the balcony outside the sitting rooms. As to the Siguora, she wa^. voted by all tbe others to be perfectly impenetrable.. She always managed to evade scrutiny, and wllATl <=l-lA wmnt o -111 1 r>V VAll slwilVK nll wben she went out a thick veil always ob scured her. features. "Various were the con jectures afloat concerning this lady. Some said she was an escaped nun, some that she was a lunatic (though there were no signs of any mental aberration), some said that she had been disappointed in love, and was searching for him who had jilted her. But the landlady always spoke thus of her lodger when appealed to:—"The Siguora pays me regularly every week, she has no trouble some friends and followers, she is always willing to help any one in trouble, and there fore sue must be good, though," and here she crossed herself, "she is not a Roman Catholic." The house which we have been describing was entered at the side by a long passage, with a door opening into the street. The proper entrance at the large hall door had been closed ever since the habitation had been changed into a lodging-house, and the vestibule into which the door opened had been converted into an additional apart ment for tlie purpose of gain. The landlady resided on the ground floor, her rooms opening iuto this narrow passage, which had been recently added.. Let us take a peep into the Signora's room, of which we have before spoken. It is early in the day, long before the hoar of noon; there sits the lady in a dark dress and cape, which somewhat conceals lier figure. On her head she wears a cap, which comes far over her face, her hair being all turned underneath, and she certainly bears an appearance very different to what the gentleman lodgers have ascribed to her. As she sits teaching a little girl who is standing near her, she turns to speak to another, seated on a form by her side, and we can discern her features more clearly. At first sight we should imagine her to be more than middle-aged. But for a moment she lifts her face, and her eyes burn with un dimined fire, while a ringlet escapes from underneath the thick cap, and instead of being streaked with grey it is tinged with a golden hue. She speaks; but how different that voice from the harsh tone3 we expected to hear. It is so musical thgt the sound of its tones thrill the ear with pleasure. She is evidently not of Italian origin, though her dark lustrous eyes would do well -for a southern beauty, but her accent is unmistakably English, and the children that are gathered round her belong to the same Saxon origin. Presently the little school is about to disperse, and a fair-haired, blue-eyed girl approaches tlie lady. " Mamma presents her kind regards to the Signora, and would .be delighted if she would come and spend the afternoon with her to-day." '' Tell your mamma," said the lady, '' that I will be with her at sundown, and spend the e rening if old Dora, could be spared to see me home." The little girl threw her arms round the lady's neck, and said, "I am so glad, Signora." Even the English children -get a touch of Italian in their manner of speaking. The governess gives such a beaming smile that it reminds us of some one we are already acquainted with. Surely, it is Eleanor: But how has she fared since we last saw her at the point of death? Let us proceed for a few moments to England, where Sir Humphrey Jervis has just received a letter, which seems to absorb his attention. It runs thus:— " Dear Sir Humphrey—Probably long ere this, if you. have thought of me, you have numbered me with the. dead, for I hear that it has long ago been reported that the ship 1 Mermaid was lost, and that every soul on board perished. We encountered a tremen dous storm, and were totally wrecked. But, on hoisting a signal, a vessel seeing our distress, dispatched a boat, which, approached as near as it was possible to our wreck, and succeeded in throwing us a rope. We de termined if possible to reach the boat. Count M.t who was a passenger, bravely plunged in first, and entreated me to follow. I did so, and tnough fearfully bruised by dashing against the rocks, succeeded in nearly reaching the boat -with the assistance of Count M. But when nearly there my strength completely failed, and if a sailor had not seen my extremity and swam towards us at the risk of his own life, nothing could have saved me. They took me up for dead, and for a long time I remained senseless, but at last I was restored; and though dreadfully weak I gradually recovered. Count M. was so overpowered by the shock of the ship wreck and its results, that being in ex tremely delicate health, he died a few weeks afterwards? As for myself, I felt as if I were almost weary .of battling with life and its sorrows; but this was wrong. I had a merciful escape, and perhaps my life may be of some benefit to my fellow-creatures. The i vessel which picked us up w as not bound for Venice, but folding that we~were "anxious to land there they considerately put ns ashore. I was able to save nothing from the wreck but my mother's jewels and her portrait, which I managed to carry in a" small box in : my pocket. I also preserved your letters of j introduction, which with great care I j managed to dry, so as to decipher the addresses. When I landed the captain of the Mermaid, who was also saved, showed me the greatest respect and kindness. According to your instructions, he found me a place where I might take up my abode in comparative comfort, and, I trust, safety. I conveyed your letters to your friends, and they have sent me several nice children, whose instruction furnishes me with in teresting occupation. Our windows com mand one of the most beautiful parts of Venice, with its gondolas and its gaily decked vessels. The sound of music is for ever borne on the breeze across tbe bright blue waters, and it falls sweetly on tbe ear, especially towai-ds sunset. But my heart is far away, thinking of those whom I have left in England and of those who have gone before me. Often do I think of you and your great and disinterested kindness, and greatly do I desire that a blessing may rest upon you for all you have done. I am continually on the watch, as from what you told me, I fancy when Ferrors finds the search unavailing in England he will begin on the Continent. But I believe I am safer here than L should be in England—at least I feel so. May heaven bles3 you and protect me, is the prayer of your grafeful friend, Eleanor The comparative security and tranquillity of which Eleanor speaks was not of long continuance. Soon, after dispatching her letter to Sir Humphrey Jervis, something occurred which awakened her suspicions that, even in Venice, she was not safe from pursuit. One day her little pupils had left her earlier than usual, and tempted by the exquisite loveliness of the evening she sallied forth to take a walk. She was always careful to keep herself well disguised, and many had been attracted by curiosity to wonder who it was that often sat on the shore ab sorbed in gazing on the glorious sunsets, such as Italian skies only can produce. But none knew, and still fewer heeded, and the stranger came and went without molestation or recognition. Sometimes the children would press their governess to allow them to take her home with them; sometimes they would offer to accompany her to her favourite haunts ; but she seemed to love best to be alone. Then her thoughts were free, and she could gaze in silence on the glories that surrounded her. Just about this time it was reported that a famous band of marauders were in the neighbourhood of Venice. Several persons had been poignarded in the streets. Parties had been stopped and robbed of all they possessed, and then carried away to the fastnesses till they could he ransomed. For some time previously ltome and its environs had seemed the. favourite resort of ruffians and desperadoes of this kMd; but at the time we are speaking of Venice and its neigh bouring hills Had been in no better security. It was supposed that the desperadoes were' in some .secret way connected with'a well known set of gamblers in one of the lowest haunts in the city; but so well was the game played that no one at present had been identified as being in collusion with these ruffians. When Eleanor went out in the evening we have mentioned the landlady, whose heart had somewhat warmed towards the almost friendless lady, advised her not to remain out after dusk, mentioning several tragic scenes which had occurred lately, and saying, "The Signora should be in before there was any danger." Eleanor smiled at the thought of any danger to herself, for she had nothing worth taking; but remembering the words of her landlady as the sun smiled his last adieu, she after a time arose, and prepared to return home. A short distance before her a gondola came to the shore, and a good deal of loud talking ensued -between the occupants. It was getting dusk, so that at that distance features were scarcely discernible. But she , involuntarily started back. She felt certain i that she knew one of those voices. No other ; could thrill her heart with so much terror; it ; could be no fancy, but she would watch. In her disguise no one would recognise her; but she would make her own observations at a distance. After some rather loud talking the men separated, and two figures prepared to ascend the steps and go to the city. She felt so sure of her own complete disguise that it gave her- courage, and she resolved to approach nearer, so .that they should pass her. As tliey did so, it was with the greatest difficulty she prevented an in voluntary scream; for as they approached more nearly the. figure and features corres ponded with the. voice, and 3?errors stood before her gaze. She had no fear of being recognised,- but it was a dreadful feeling that nowhere on earth did she seem to have rest, nowhere was she safe. Although she had felt conscious of this before, the truth now seemed to rush with tenfold bitterness upon her. If any possible clue could be gained to her residence, ' what then? She felt thoroughly unnerved, and determined for the present she would confine herself to the house as much as possible ; as if Ferrors saw her more than once his suspicions might he aroused, and he might hear or trace some thing elsewhere concerning her movements. Faint and exhausted she could scarcely drag home her weary limbs, and when on reaching her lodgings she went to the landlady's room to make some trifling enquiry; that good lady was thunderstruck, and said "Why, Signora, what have you been, doing to yourself. The saints befriend "us, if you don't look like a ghost just risen from the graveyard." Poor Eleanor! she tried to smile, hut she sank down into one of the good landlady's chairs, and for a few moments could not speak. Then rousing herself she said, " I feel weary and am very faint, perhaps a night's rest may refresh me," and so she arose, ascended to her own room, locked the door, and felt once more as if all her past miseries and terrors were again besetting her. 