COUNTRY NEWS. A considerable number of Albury residents are about to start for Fiji to become settlers.! Steps are being taken towards the erection of a Foresters'-hall at Ballarat, by means of a company to be formed for that purpose. Mr. Miller, solicitor, of Blackwood, died on Saturday, from the consequences of an opera- tion made necessary by injuries he had re- ceived by falling from his horse. A resident of Hamilton, Mr. John Keeping, poisoned himself on Friday, by taking a dose of strychnine. He had bought the poison under the representation that he wanted it to kill cats with. It is thought that the two men who died suddenly in great agony on the station of Mr. Neil Black, at Glenormiston, were poi- soned by taking a drink from a cask of arsenical water used in sheep-washing, which had been left carelessly exposed. Mr. F. L. Smyth, M.L.A., writes to one of of the Gipps Land journals to vindicate him- self from the charge of having, through personal and political motives, prevented the appointment of an electoral registrar at Ben- dock, and the establishment of a punt at Snowy River. During the hearing of a charge against Ah Ghoong, a Chinaman, at Sandhurst, on Mon- day, Mr. Shiress, assayer to the Bank of New South Wales, gave some very interesting evi- dence respecting the manufacture of spurious gold by the celestials. He said that they were in the habit of purchasing books of gold leaf from the painters, and making lead into a granulated form, which they covered with gum water, and then shook it up in a bottle or bag with the gold leaf, turning out to all appearance, in the words of the prisoner, "welly good gold." The Bendigo Advertiser notes that the men employed under the Water Supply depart- ment to cut the race from the Spring Gully Reservoir, for supplying Epsom and Huntly with water, are deviating from the plan originally proposed. It was intended to run the water from the Spring Gully Reservoir into the reservoirs at Grassy flat, and thence by the race already cut from there to Epsom and Huntly. Instead of doing so, however, the race is being cut so as to avoid the Grassy-flat Reservoirs, and to carry the water to Epsom and Huntly without first conducting it into the Grassy-flat Re- servoirs. In the opinion of the Advertiser the course adopted is an unwise one, as by making the Grassy-flat Reservoirs the de- positories of the overflow from the Spring Gully Reservoir, a greater quantity of water might be accumulated. The following strange story is told to the Bendigo Independent by a resident of Sand- hurst, as having been witnessed by him on Sunday last at Spring Creek :-"Having occa- sion to call on an old acquaintance, he tapped at the door, and a faint voice desired him to go round to the back. He did so, and espying a door half open, he went in, when his eye rested upon a coffin. Behind the door, sitting down with his head resting upon his hands, was a man emaciated and almost ghost-like in appearance. To the gentleman's sympa- thising inquiry, the man replied that he had buried his wife a few days previously, that the coffin in the room contained the remains of his son, and that he felt that in a few days he should himself ' drift out to that unknown sea which is round all the world.' He ascribed the death of his wife and son, and his own illness, to the effect of inhaling the all-per- vading and horrible dust of the diggings and our informant says that the last time he saw his acquaintance (a few weeks back) he was as hale and as hearty a man as he would wish to see." Writing of the sanitary condition of Sale, the Gipps Land Times says:-"Since the setting in of the present seasonable wea- ther--cool gales from the westward, with occasional smart showers--there is a notice- able improvement in the general health of the inhabitants. Cases of debility, known here as ' morass fever,' are, however, still re- ported. But the opinion is expressed, on medical authority, that the morasses of Sale and neighbourhood are not the only sources from which low fever is introduced. Bad house drainage, defective cesspools, and the hole and sentry-box arrangement, so com- monly adopted in inland townships, comprise the array of evils which at this season of the year mostly induce low fever ; and, unless some comprehensive system of underground drain- age be initiated, we may expect an increase of this peculiar and distressing illness as surely as the population increases, and in an ascertainable proportion thereto." The Maryborough Advertiser says : - " Our old friend Captain Pascoe, R.N., late police magistrate in Maryborough, stood a good chance the other day, at Smythesdale, whither he has been transferred, of experi- encing a rather curious, but certainly most unpleasant, sensation. He was conversing somewhat intently with the postmaster in front of the post-office, when he was startled by a loud cry of ' Look out, there !' Turning hastily round, the two gentlemen mentioned perceived to their utter dismay a wild cow within ten or twelve yards of them, making for them at the top of its speed. The gallant captain, being unable to give battle, dodged the furious enemy round one of the pillars in front of the building, while the postmaster eluded pursuit in a rather ludi crous manner. It appeared that the small aperture forming the delivery window hap- pened to be open, and through this hole the postmaster, with the agility of a harlequin, darted head foremost, coming ' flop' upon the inside floor, to the intense amazement, as may be well imagined, of those who were inside engaged sorting letters or upon such business. The only explanation offered for this 'startling incident' by the owner, who was on horseback, and who had given the alarm, was that he did 'not know that the coo was a Rooshun.' " Mr. M'Culloch, in his financial statement, said that directions had been given that new appointments to the civil service should not be made except of persons who had been dis- missed under the retrenchment scheme. How these directions have been adhered to may be judged of from the following extraordinary statement made by the Beaufort Chronicle:-- " One of those extraordinary and unbusiness- like freaks that have of late brought so much contempt on the present Govern- ment appeared in the last Government Ga- zette, in the following paragraph in the list of appointments :--' Augustus Poeppel to be clerk of courts, &c.;, at Beaufort, vice C. W. Minchin, relieved.' From whatever point of view this appointment is looked upon, it must be truly edifying to any one with a Briton's inherent love of fair dealing, and re markably refreshing to the thick-and-thin supporters of the Government. In the first place, the appointment has been conferred unasked ; secondly, the nominee is uncon- nected with the civil service ; thirdly, the present holder of the office up to this time has received no official notification of his discharge (for such we take to be the mean- ing of the word 'relieved'); and the only intimation of his appointment received by Mr Poeppel is a request--after a lapse of a week--to bo informed at what remuneration he will undertake the duties ! If our space would allow, we could state other reasons, but we think these are all-sufficient to show what a spirit of business and fair-play per- vades this action of the Government." The Learmonth correspondent of the Bal- larat Star writes,--"Tho manner in which the land acts of the colony are at times ad- ministered by the department has often formed matter for comment in the public press, and acts of injustice, particularly to the poorer class of selectors, brought to light. A case in point has been brought under my notice by Mr. Clement Etter, of Weatherboard-hill, who, in 1863, took up some twenty-six acres of land, situate on the southern shore of Lake Learmonth, under the novel industries clause of the Duffy Act. After considerable expense in experimenting on the land in a variety of ways--such as in the growth of the mulberry tree and the vine--Mr. Etter applied to the department last year to purchase the land in question, and was informed that as the conditions of his lease had not been carried out, the land held thereunder must be sold by public auction, with a valuation for improvements. The allotment was gazetted for sale at Ballarat on the 20th November last, but was afterwards withdrawn, and on Mr. Etter inquiring as to the cause of the withdrawal, he was informed that it was ' on account of the auriferous nature of the land.' At Mr. Dyte's sale on Monday two allotments in the same locality, situate east and west respectively of Mr. Etter's allotment, were sold, hence the in- justice that Mr. Etter considers has been done to him. How is it, he argues, that his particular allotment is deemed auriferous, and the land adjacent not? Further, some four years ago, Mr. Duncan Robertson ap- plied to have the allotment north, and ad- joining that of Mr. Etter, put up for sale, the application being at once complied with, Mr. Robertson, nor any one else, having then, or even now, the least idea that the land was auriferous. To any one acquainted with the district such an idea appears ridiculously ab- surd, as there is no mining, or prospect of mining, being carried on within a radius of ten miles of Learmonth." 