NEW YEAR'S DAY. The new year-1869-was ushered in yes- terday with all of the holiday celebrations with which New Year's Day is usually accom- panied. If the holiday was not observed with the same spirit as it sometimes is, it was not that the holiday-keeping spirit was wanting, but that the influénce of the weather in the early part of the day operated rather unfavourably on the day's out-door amusements. A notice of the holiday of New Year's Day would not be complete were it to omit all reference to the various social gatherings which are formed for the purpose of at the same time bidding adieu to the departing year, and greeting the young successor which takes its place at the stroke of midnight. It was at once obvious to any one passing through the streets on Thursday night at a late hour that many such parties were engaged in "seeing the old year out," and taking their leave of it with merriment, dance, and song. In its course it had not brought them all thoy had wished, all they thought they might reasonably have ex- pected from it ; instead of realising all their hopes, it had brought them many dissatisfac- tions and disappointments, and much care and weariness, but that was all over now. Its course was well-nigh run, and all preferred, in taking leave of the old year, rather to reflect on the pleasant hours they had known in its course, the enjoyments they had been able to gather as it passed ; to say farewell to the going year with kindly feelings, and to look on with the most hopeful anticipa- tions to the chances which its successor might bring. And thus did many a lively domestic party, in the midst of fun and amusement, with tile pealing of the church bells sounding merrily in the distance, see out the old year and welcome the new one in. Others again passed their midnight in a different manner, for many of the chinches of the various denominations were filled with congregations assembled to receive the new year with suit- able devotional exercises. About the streets some of the volunteer bands were parading, playing lively marches, and impromptu bands of juvenile singers might also bo noticed going np and down chanting favourite airs from the current burlesques and pantomimes. After daylight in the. morning the town was quickly astir, but the lowering appearanco of the weather, and the ominous growls of the distant thunder, had the effect of largely checking the holiday preparations that had been commenced. Towards noon, however, the streets began to assume somewhat more of a holiday aspect. Processions of Foresters could be seen marching behind their bands towards their place of rendezvous at the Zoological-gardens, and streams of foot passengers were proceeding to the rail- way-stations, bound either on a picnic excur- sion or a trip to the racecourse. It was not till after midday that the weather began decidedly to brighten, and the crowds of pleasure-seekers riding, driving, and walking, became more numerous. But tho unfavour- able appearance of the morning had exerted an influence that could not now be altogether overcome, and the attendance at every place of resort was much reduced in conse- quence. At Flemington, indeed, a largo con- course assembled to see the races pro- vided by the V.R C, but the crowd was not so numerous as it would have been had the day been brighter and more settled. The gatherings at the Forester's fêle and the Survey Paddock, and the pic-nic parties at Brighton Beach and on the banks of the Yana, were all reduced in numbers by the same cause. In the evening, however, the theatres were thronged with audiences, made uplargely of visitors from the country,desirous of witnessing the pantomimes; and the minor places of amusement also came in for a good share of public patronage. We give below details of the principal amusements of the day THE VICTORIA RACING CLUB'S NEW YEAR'S DAY MEETING. The annual race meeting, which is the most attractive of all the festivals incident to the holidays given in celebration of the advent of the new year, was hold yesterday on the Flemington course, the scene of many memorable equine contests and of great triumphs as well as defeats for Victoria in the lists against the neighbouring colonies. The programme provided abundant sport, but the stewards were not quite so fortunate as usual in regard to the weather, and the threatening aspect of the day had a very appreciable effect upon the public attendance. A summer race meeting on the banks of the Saltwater River is customarily associated with one of those bright and happy cloudless days which are the especial boast of Australia Felix, and which always seem to give the lie direct to the poet who wrote that " man was made to mourn." On the present occasion, however, St. Swithin can scarcely be said to have been propitious. The morning broke sombre and drear, several light showers fell at intervals, and at one time the heavy rain clouds threatened almost to "scarf up the pitiful eye of day;" but as the day wore on its aspect gradually improved, though too late to secure the presence of many who feared the wet, and by four o'clock the sun had struggled into a genial appearance befitting the occasion. There is no more brilliant sight than a metro politan racecourse on a sunny day, and, per- haps by contrast, nothing more dismal than a race viewed from beneath a leaking umbrella, with the rain splashing around. This infliction was happily spared those who visited Flemington yesterday, though it could not but be felt that the dull weather had somewhat damped the pro- ceedings as far as those are concerned whose only business on the course was plea- sure. The ladies' dresses seemed scarcely as brlliant as of old, and the grand stand, to which the feminine adornments, moving in the sunlight, were wont to give a glancing and over-changing appearance, had a more sober hue. A gusty wind and occasional clouds of dust troubled the occupants of the hill a little, but they nevertheless contrived to spend the time merrily enough between watching the races and "the winking bubbles beading atthc brim" of sundry glasses furnished in the neighbouring booths. His Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by Colonel Gore Browne, the ex-Governor of Tasmania, and Mrs. Goie Browne, with Miss Manners Sutton, and Lieutenant Rothwell, A.D.C., occupied the portion of the grand stand reserved for them, and remained until the Steeplechase had been run. The note of preparation for the races was sounded at an early hour in town, and the various marts of the eily bore unmistakable evidence of the arrival of the great day of the carnival week Collins-street had lite- rally shut upshop, and gone out of town, and the great business resorts knew their fre- quenters no more. Bourke-street only made believe to do a little business, and then aban- doned the fruitless attempt until evening, sure of its thousands of returned holiday makers. Soon after ten o'clock there was a rushing of cabs bound for the races, and the various eddying streams of vehicles formed a perfect maelstrom at the intersec- tion of Swanston and Bourke streets, varied by tbe occasional appearance of some bril- liantly-appointed equipage drawn by "spank- ing tits," which dashed by in all the pride of silver gilt harness. A large numbor of people were conveyed to the course by rail, and excel- lent arrangements wore made at the Spencer street station, and also at the terminus, to avoid crushing and crowding. Return tickets at excursion fares wore issued at the sta- tion from boxes facing Spencer-street, and on the return journey they wore col- lected at the racecourse gates before the passengers reached the railway platform. By one o'clock the ladies' portion of the grand-stand was well filled, the crowded condition of the carriage reserve bearing witness to their presence, but up to three o'clock the hill was very sparsely attended, and the flat was uncommonly bare. Before the steeplechase was not off, however, the numbers in all parts of the ground had been greatly augmented, and at this time the course must have contained fully ten thou- sand people. . _ The time'honoured amusements with which it is customary to wile away the spare time 'on racecourses wore scarcely represented. Perhaps the unpromising weather, or the fear of_ a righteous Attorney-General who has raised his red right hand against gambling in a smaU way, accounted for the absence of tho " thrce-up" men and their congenera ; and ," doodlo-em-buck" and Anglo-Ethiopian min- strelsy had to palo their ineffectual fires before the superior attractions of the Isthmian games whioh'tho people had como out to seo. The saddling paddock was a great contre of attraction, and hero, when horses which had been led about mysteriously in wrappers were unclothed, the connoisseurs wero heard to discouiso learnedly on the points and pedi- grees of tho animals which wero about to on gage in tho momuntous struggle of bono and muscio, entering into recóndito branches of the subject with astonishing volubility, and displaying a fund of horsey momorabilia perfectly astonishing to the uninitiated, AVhen it was found, however, that the know- ing ones had extravagantly misappraised tho winner, and had suffered tho lamentable fato which often befalls them, those whoso minds were a tabula rasa on racing matters wero quito satisfied with thoir ignorance Tho only serious accident of the day occurred in the raco for the Fleming- ton Stakes. Mr. Hammond's Derby was running well for second place, and had just reachooT the picket fence nearly opposite tho stand, when ho fell in a very unaccountable way, throwing his rider, Mr. Lang, violently against the fenco, and breaking his own back. Mr. Lang sustained a rather severo scalp wound, and a comminuted fracture of the knee-joint, which may incapacitate him for following his avocation again. The various events on the card wero cot off with com- mendable punctuality, ana though tho day was not as fine as could have been desired, the réunion was avery pleasant one. THE RACING. The bell rang for tho first race of tho day immediately after the arrival of tho Vice- regal party, and a field of six answered the summons, Those most fancied wero Dolo, Potatoes, and Little King. Tho condition of the majority of the horses that weighed out was not particularly good, if we except Elis, who stripped tho pioturo of health, and, from tho excellence of his outward form, many pro. phesied a successful result. Two of tho favourites, Dolo and Potatoes, lost whatever chance they may have possessed by falling the former when his winning seemed almost a certainty. The abovo contretemps left the contest to Prince Alfred and Elis, the former winning easily by three length. The victory, of courso, was an unexpected ono, and tho ring men wero in ccstacics at so successful an opening. Fortune, however, did not favour tho layers in the succeeding event, tho Flem- ington Stakes, for Charon, upon whom odds wero laid by his admirors, won a fine race after an exciting strugglowith Gondolier. As a whole, the youngsters were not a bad lot; but Charon appeared a very Triton among the minnows when Morrison mounted him in tho. paddock. Ho is an extremely hand- some and powerful colt, with four white feet, a kind, bloodlike head, excellent shoulders, very fine arms and thighs, hooks splondidly let down, and back of extraordinary strength. His fore legs wero slightly disfigured by a couple of splints, both of «which, howovor, have been successfully treated by his trainer. His commanding stylo soon attracted the at- tention of tho cognoscenti, who unanimously pronounced him the finest two- year-old over seen on the course, and one likely to do credit to his well-bred sire, Ferryman, whoso stock aio of great promise Another of this horse's progeny was the handsome and well shaped little colt, Derby, whose dam, Chryso- lite, had evidently transmitted much of hor own quality'to her son. The dark Gondolier did not strike the eye very favourably, in con- sequent of his small size ; but there was a wear-and-tear appearance about him which betokened a thorough game one ; and as his condition was of the best, thoro wero not a few who regarded his chance with favour, from tho fact of Mr. Fisher starting his colt a trifle stout. The Sydney-bred Cour-de-Lion, although a fine specimen of tho thoroughbred horso, was entirely friendless ; but wo shall ho much mistaken if this colt docs not seo a botter day, as he comes from a strain of blood which impiovcs with ago. Gallant was in very fail form, but he is baldly the class of horse, wo_ think, to copo successfully with such "clinkers" as Charon and Gondolier. The race needs but little description, as tho famirito jumped away in front, and was never headed, tho only foimidablo opponent amongst his competitors being Gondolier, who uti uggled on with great gameness to the finish, and was only defeated by a neck, a result mainly attributable to the fine riding of Morrison, who materially assisted his horse when the real struggle commenced. Dorby looked veiy formidable as they swept into the straight, but opposite tho carriago-paddock ho either overreached himself or crossed his legs,'brokehis back, and fell powerless to the ground, and we aro sorry to say that Mr. Lang, who was riding tho colt, was seriously injured by the fall, the cap of his knee being bioken, while tho back portion of his body also suffered severely from the concussion. Ile was quickly removed from the courso to his own house, wheio ho received medical aid. Erom tho latest accounts wo learn that ho is in a very weak state. What might bo considered the principal race of the day carno next upon the list, and a notice ap- pearing apon the board to tho effect that Mr. Wilson declared to win with My Dream caused tho flying daughter of old Fisherman to become a warmer favourite than over, and even money was laid on her against tho field. The favourite looked a very different animal to what -ko did at the spring meeting, and created a far more favourable impression than was anticipated, owing to aiumour having gained currency that she was altogether too light. Mr. Tait's colt, The Earl, walked un- mistakably stiff behind when he left his box, and as he galloped very "feelingly" in his preliminary, the success of the dangerous yellow jacket was regarded as a matter of doubt, A great deal of curiosity was ex- hibited to ,tako stock of the grey colt Antelope, and wo can safely aver that no finer candidato eyer stripped for Dorby honours. Ho is a romaikably nice colt, wita excellent points all over, and had it not boon for a slight stoppage in his work, caused by a cold, it is more than probable that Mr. Mtflatt's filly would not have achieved such an easy 'victory as.sho did. Gasworks, a strapping representativo of the Pishorman family, also carno in for tv Jar»o slwro of attention, and looked remarkably woll, not- withstanding that tho dull colour of her coat detracted somewhat from hor appearance Sho is a much moro powerfully-shaped filly than her stable companion, ana her stylo of galloping, although not so taking, perhaps, as that of My Dream, is sufficiently good to convinco us that she is not only a flyor, but a' stayer also. Ragpicker looked nono the worso for her spell since tho spring ; hut it was evident from tho disinclination of hor owner to invest upon her, that sho was not prime enough for the task before hor. Koo wee-rup and Prastor wero clearly out of their element amongst the cracks, but tho latter may yet seo a botter day as he advances in 'ago. Melancholy Jaques and Werribeo woro ;in very fair condition, but they likewiso woro in company much abovo their station. The Amator colt went-vory slow as ho cantored past the stand, and the contrast between his, stilty style of going and the grand manner in which My Dream extended herself Was some- thing wonderful to witness. Directly after starling, My Dream, who got off badly, rushed through hor horses as if they wero standing, assumed tho lead at tho turn, 'maintained it to the finish, and won in a common canterin first-class time. - A moro hollow affair it has, never been our lot to witness, and as thoro was no mistake in the timo, it is quito cortain Mr. Moffatt possesses an animal of no ordi- nary pretensions. Tho success of a Victorian horso was hailed with 'delight by the crowds on the hill and flat, both horso and rider coming in for a great ovation as they re- turned to scale. The detractors of the Fisher- man stock were rather surprised at the very easy victory of his speedy daughter, and ex- pressed far grcator astonishment when Gas- works flew first past the post in tho Midsum- mer Handicap. No matter whatever adverso opinions may exist as to tho quality of tho Fisherman stock, it is boyond scepticism that tho only animals able to strike the flag of tho New South Wales mp aro those who owo their existence to tho -id Heron horso ; and though some of his stock cut up badly at the late Spring Meeting, tho doings of Charon, Gondolier, My Dream, and Gasworks, will go a great way to establish the reputation of tho celebrated hero as a-first-class siro. Tho Midsummer Handicap was shorn of some of ils brilliancy through the absence of War« wick, whoso defection from the ranks caused S a Tush to bo made upon Gasworks, tbe latter's perfornanee in the Derby being considered good enough to entitle her to the premier position in the hotting market, The scratch- ing of Warwick was commented upon in no very favourable terms by a eertain few ; bnfc wo think it bnt due to Mr. Tait to state, that the starting of tho horse would havo caused an utter breakdown. It appears that ho went slightly in ono of his legs after a gallop with Tho Earl, but as the injured member soon fined down, Mr. Tait entertained hopes of bringing his horse to the post, in order that those who had' backed i bim might havo a run for their money. A canter on tho morning of tho race, however, satisfied him that Warwick's starting was out of the question, as the leg again filled to , an immem'o size, and he immediately t scratched him. Shenandoah, notwithstaud j ing the fact of her having " a lee," was sup I ported by the followers of the gold and grey ; and Phosphorus was not without frionas, 'while old Woodman was backed spiritedly bv people who " thought they knew something," r but the manner in which the former ownor and breeder of Gasworks supported tho half sister to Fireworks, was strongly indicative of a " moral certainty," and others follow- ing suit, she was backed for pounds, shillings, and pence, until sho reached an extremoly short price, 2 to 1 being the highest offer against her just previous to the start. Tho result of the race clearly demonstrated that it was "Fisherman's day out,"for his daughter carno directly she was called upon, and won a fast-run race in splendid style by threo lengths. At an interval of about half-an hour another of the great oven Is was set down for decision, and the preparation of Tho Barb and Glencoo for the struggle was tho signal for a rush to get a glimpse of the two clacks. Each had a large circlo of admirers, and 'although tho black wonder was not so full of Imuscle as ho might havo been had his owner been enabled to send him along as fast as ho I wished during his preparation, ho was quito ¡well enough to cause his backers to remain confident of victory. Tho chesnut, too, re- flected the greatest credit on young Stanley, who has charge of the horses during Ash worth's absence ; and the absurd notions prevalent that Mr. Tait's success is principally owing to a laige sharo of luck, received a satisfactory rebutting answor in tho ap- pearance and condition of his horses, which ought _to have satisfied the most prejudiced mind that his numerous vic- tories aro principally owing to good ma- nagement. Fireworks, it was palpable, had not liad time enough to undergo sufficient preparation to fit him for so trying an ordeal as a severo three-mile raco; and though Strop exhibited symptoms of having under- gone a most caTeful training, it was well known he was not possessed of calibre equal to tho occasion, so that a victory for Mr. Tait was regarded as a certainty, and such it was, for Tho Barb and Glencoo had settled the other pair before two milos had been traversed, and coming on at their own pace, finished as thoy liked, tho black slightly in advance of his stable companion. Well may The Barb be termed a " wonder," seeing that this was the third three-mile race he had won on threo successive New Years' Days, tho total amount of his winnings in stakes during his career nearly reaching £10,000. The Steeplechase was once more a " chapter of accidents," and owing to tho negligence of tho authorities, resulted m a victory for Viking, whose success was the only fluke of tho day. During the second round, it appears that the rails geneially taken down in Older to allow the horses to como into tho straight wcro not removed, and Ballarat, Babbler, and Ingle- side, not observing the mistake, went on inside, thereby allowing Callanan, on Viking, to jump into the course, and steal the raco out of tho fire. But for this thero would have been a splendid contest betweon tho three. Tho running of Ballarat, with 13st. upon his back, stamps him as one of the best -if not the very best-of steeplechasers tho colony has ever possessed. Babbler also dis- tinguished himsolf, but Mr. Watson's horso was leading when the mistake was made, and ' it is our opinion that ho would havo landed tho ceiiso jacket in iront had ho gone straight. Inglesido also looked dangerous up to this point, but none of the others had the ghost of a chance after Bacchus fell. The £50 Plato ended m an exciting struggle betweon Palladium and Salem Scuddor, the mare de- feating the favourite by a head. This brought an excellent day's sport to a close. The Fol- lowing is an account of tho day's racing . HURDLE RACE, A handicap sweepstakes of ß sovs., with 100 sovs. added. About three miles. Mr. B. Orr's b li Prince Alfred, by Bolardo, 5 yrs ~' - (Wakefield). - Wcdgewood's eli g Elis, agod, Ost. 41b. Ost. 71b. (Wakefield) \- E II. W - (Liorscb). Mr. J. Brown's b g Standard Bearer, mred, Ost. 41b. (Asuinall) .3 Mr. J. N. Perkins na b g Potatoes, aged. list. (Perkins) .. .. .fell Mr. J. Brown's b g Dolo, aged, lOst. 71b. (Dal rjmplo).0 Mr. P. Glenister'» b g Littlo Klug. agod. Ost. 131b. . (Mitchell) .0 Mr. A. Sannl's b g FaUKb-a-ballogh, aged, lOst. 121b. dr Mr. O. Clark c's br m Kalcd, aged, Osi. 7lb.dr Betting -5 to 2 agst Potatoes ; 3 to 1 each agst Dolo and Little King; 6 to 1 agst. Princo Alfred. ' Elis jumped away in front, followed by Little King and Prince Alfied, Potatoes last. Elis led round the turn, where Standard Bearer baulked, and Potatoes came down. Perkins was quickly in the saddle again, and in pursuit of the others, but again falling, lost all chance. Meanwhile Elis carried on the running at a strong pace, his immediate attendants being Dolo and Littlo King, Standard Bearer (who had got over the hurdle at which he baulked) also showing prominently at the turn into the straight. Elis maintained his load post tho stand tho second time, Dolo on his quartei, Princo Alfred and Littlo King closo up. This order was kept until leaching tho back of the course, when Dolo made his effort with King Alfied, and the pair passed Elis, but Dolo coming down a buster at the huidlo opposito tho Abattons, loft the contest to Prince Alfred and Elis, the former winning easily by threo lengths ; Standard Bearer finishing third on sulferanco, as Littlo King was pulled up. Timo, Ginin. 15sec. THE TLEMINOTON STAKES. A sweepstakes of lo sovs., li. ft., with 200 sovs. added, for two-year-olds. Colts, 83t. 71b. ; fillies, 8st. 41b. Threo quarters of a mile. Tho second horso to receive ten per cent, of the stake. Mr. II. Fisher's b 0 Cliaron, by Ferryman (J. Mol- lison) .. .. ..' .. .. 1 Mr. J. Wilson nsb g Gondolier (Duflj) .. .. ï Mr. T. Henry's b o CJnllant (Griffin).3 Mr. W. Cralg's bo Cour de Lion (Carter) .. .. 0 Mr. W. II. Hammond's bo Derby (Lang) .. ..fell Mr. W. Crate's b 0 Masaniollo.dr Mr. J. Gordon na b 0 Brilliant.dr 1 Betting.-2 to 1 on Chaion, -1 to 1 agst Derby, The favourito was first away, Gondolior second, Gallant third, and D01 by fourth, with Coeur do Lion in tho rear. Charon led into the straight, where Derby carno with a rush, but compounding almost immediately aftor waids, tho issue was left to Charon and Gon- dolier, tho former winning after an oxciting set-to all up tbo straight, by half a length ; Gallant, twenty lengths behind, thiid. Dorby fell and broke his back. Time, lmin. 22sec. THE VICTORIA DERBY A sweepstakes of 25 sovs, 5 ft, with COO sovs , 1 added. For three-year-olds. Colts, 8st. 101b. ; fillies, 8st. 71b. Ono mile8"and a holf. Mr. J. Wilson nil b or br f My Dream, by Flslior. tuan (Duffy).1 Mr. B. J. Bowlor'a gr ff Antolopo (Yeomans) .. 2 Mr. J. Wilson's ns b Í Gasworks (J Wilson, junior) S Mr. W. Lyall's b g Koo Wee Rup (Wakefield) .. 0 1, t. Smith's b 0 Melancholy Jaques (Howard) 0 Mr. I*_.._ . . Mr. It, Chlrnddo's b 0 Worrlbeo (Griffin) Mr. P. II. Goll'a b o Prootor (Wallors) .. .. 0l Mr. II. Fisher's b f Ragplckor (carried 211b. ovor) (A. Da\is) ... .... 1.0 Mr. J. Tait's eli 0 Tho Earl (Stanley).0 Betting.-Even on My Di earn, 4 to 1 agst any other. After a slight delay, caused by Koo Wee Rup bucking and throwing Wakefield, the flag dropped to a fair start, Molanoholy and Tho Earl loading past tho stand. My Dream rushed to tho front before reaching tho turn, and carrying on the running all the way won in a canter by half a dozon lengths, Auto lope, who passed tho othora near the abat- toirs, second, and Gasworks third. Time, 2min. 48sec. , MIDSUMMEU IUHOIOU', A sweepstakes of IO sovs., ß lt., with 200 sovs. added. Vox tbree-ycaiiolds and upwards. Ono milo and threo-quartors. , ,, > , Mr. J. Wilson ns b 1 Gasworks, by FIshorman, 3 vra, Ant. 121b. (J. Wilson, jun.) ... .. ..li Mr. L. Campbell ns b h Phosphorus, 4 yrs, Oat. 21b. (Mathieson)., .. 2 Mr. J. Clcoland's b h Baroon, aged, Oat. 121b. (Carroll).8 Mr. W. Craig*« b g Ntmblofoot, 6 yrs, 7st. 91b. (Sinclair).. .. <.J. > .. .. 0 Mr. J, Cleeland'« gr m Shenandoah, aged, 7at. alb. . (Walsh). ,. 1 .. .. 0 Mr. J J. Miller's cb. a lord of Uia .Valley (lato Princo), 4 yrs, Ost. 81b. (Harris),.0 Mr. L. L. Smith's b m Lady Manners Sutton, 6 yra, , Ost. Mb. (T. Henderson)- .. .«. .. .. 0 Mr. M. Median's, b g Woodman, aged, Ost 41b. (Master J. Kerr) .. ?.. .. 0 Mr. J. Bradloi us bl h Sir Hercules, 0 yrs, Oat. 31b. (Walters) 1., ..,0 1 . / ' J . . i . . " ' Jfr. 3. Haltncs'sho Piling Dutchman, 3 ;r», At. \- 131b. (Vf. Henderson).0 Mr. M. Mcckan's b ir Monkey, aged. Ost. 71b. .. dr Mr. J. Tait'« ch c Tho Earl, 8 yra, 1st. 81b, .. .. dr MT. 3. Kerr, ch h Sheet Anchor, 4 yrs,Ost. 21b. .. dr Mr. Haggce'a b m The Kan, aged, Oat, Sib... .. dr Mr. O. Lewis'« br m First Flight, 6 yrs, Ost. .. dr Mr. P. J. Keighran's b m Sylvia, 4 yrs, 5st 10lb... dr Mr. J. Taifa cb g Warwick, aged, Ost IZlb. .. dr Mr. H. Fisher's bl h Blondín, 6} r9,88t. 41b. . .. dr Mr. P. H. Gell'a b c Prajtor, 3 j ra, 7et. .. .. dr Betting.-2 to 1 agst Gasworks, 5 to 2 agst Woodman, 4 to 1 agst Shenandoah. A splendid start was effected. Barwon leading slightly for more than a milo, tho lot (with the exception of Lord of tho Valley and Sir Hercules) being in a bunch at the back of the course. Approaching the abattoirs. Shenandoah, Woodman, and several others, hung out signals of distress ; and Bar- won, Phosphorus, and Gasworks singled themselves out from the crowd. Opposite the? scraping shed, Gasworks was running third, Barwon and Phosphorus being in front ot her ; but upon fairly getting into the straight, the boy on Gasworks gavo nor hor head, aha i shooting past tho pair, sho ran home an easy I winner hy thrco lengths, Phosphorus second, I and Barwon third. Timo, 3mm. 14sec. | POUT r-HIL-lT STAKES, 'A sweepstakes of 20 sovs., h ft, with 50* ' sovs. added. For four-year-olds and up- wards ; four-year-olds, 9st. ; five years, oat. 91b. ; six years and aged, 9st. 13lb. Second horso to receive 00 sovs. from the stake, , and tho third to save his stake. Thrcc miles. , Mr. J. Tait'a bl h Tho Barb, by Sir Horoulos, 5 yrs, 1 Oat, 91b. (Stanley).1 1 Mr. J. Talt'8 ch li Gloncoo, . yrs, Ost. (Taylor) .. t ¡Mr. W. Flold'a b g Strop, aged, Oit. 101b. (S. Haynes).g. 1 Mr. G. Mylno'a b h Fireworks, i yrs, Oat. (S. Walduck).. I Mr. J. Taifa eli g Warwick, aged, »st. 101b. ,. dr , Betting.-2 to 1 on The Barb, . Glencoo made play at a good pace, followed by Strop, Fireworks lying third, and The Barb fourth. Thoy ran thus for more than a mile, when Piroworks ran up to Glencoe, and tho noir passed tho Btand together, Strop third, Tho Barb still last. The latter, how ever, soon aftor put on tho steam, and passed all but Glencoo, who led until reaching the straight, whon the black was indulged with the lead, and tho pair carno on together, The Barb finishing half a longth in front, Strop third, Fireworks last. Timo, Dmin. 4Cseo. GUANO NATIONAL STEEl'LEEnASB, A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs, 5ft., witb> 300 sovs added. About throo miles. Mr. A. _,. Cordon's b g Viking, by Mariner, 0 yrs, list. 121b. (Callanan).1 Mr. G. Watson's b g Ballamt, aged, 13at- (Johnsson) 2: Major Baker's br g Babbler, agod, list. Sib. (Mr. Gordon).% Mr. D. bwconoy'a b g Westorn, agod, llBt. (Ohlt noy) .. Mr. G. Watson's b g Grimalkin, aged, lOat. 71b. (Wake-old). .. .. .. . Mr. J. J. Minor's b h Bluo Jack ot, 6 yrs, Ost. 101b. (Cuttriss) ..< Mr. K. Orr's b g Ingleside, aged, Oat. 101b. (Mitchell) . .0 Mr. J. Armstrong's b g Pctor Simple, aged, 9st. 71b. (Boyd). i. .. .. 0 Mr. W. Filgato's b g Bacchus, aged, Oat. 71b. (Dal rjmplo).. Mr. J. West's gr g Baron, aged, Ost. 71b. (Manley).. . Mr. W. Champ's b m Barmaid, aged, Ort. 41b. (Mr. Champ).t Mr. S. Waldoek's b m Brunotto, aged, Ost. lib. (Downe).0 Betting.-5 to 2 agst Ingleside, 3 to 1 agst Babbler and Ballarat, 5 to 1 agst Viking. Baron led over tho first fence, Grimalkin second, and Ballarat third, Bacchus and Babbler in good position. Fronting the scraping sheds Baron carno down, and Bacchus soon took up tho running, closely followed by Inglesido, tho pair pass- ing the stand together: Babbler third, and Ballarat _ fourth. Western made a detei mined resistance at this point, and re- fused rcpeatodly. Bacchus and Ingleside still maintained tho leading position until oppo- site the Footscray-briuge, whero Bacchus, who looked as dangerous as anything, fell, and Babbler went on second. Grimalkin, was the next to kiss the earth, falling at tho abattoirs, at which point Ballarat began to» improve his position, and ho, with Inglesido and Babbler, apparently had the race be- tween them until reaching tho rails where the opening should have boon. Hero tho threo wont off the course, and Viking taking: ' advantage of tho mistake, jumped into the course, and obtained an easy victory ; Balla lat oventually finishing second, and Babbler third. Time, 7min. 33scc. £50 PLATE, For two-year-olds, a feather ; threo-year-olds, 7st. 51b. ; four-year-olds, Ost. ; five-year olds, 9st. 71b. ; six years and aged, Dst. 101b. Tho winner to bo sold for 100 sovs. Two miles. Mr. 8. Waldoek's b ni Palladium, by Prcmior, i ' yrs, 8et. 111b. (Yeomans) .I' Mr. J. M. Portius ns bg Salem Scud.or, agod, Oat. 71b. (Perkins).í i Mr. C. II. Wedge« ood's ch g Elis, agod. Oat. 71b. (Llcrscb).S , Mr. S. Waldoek's eli g Boadsman, S yrs, Ort. lib. (Chitna;) .» Mr. L. L. Hmith's b h L. L., i;rs, Ost. (Howard) .. 0 Mr. J. Ifarmor's grg Planet, 4 yrs, 8st. lllb.l (Hudson) .0 Mr. G. Low is'shr m rirst Flight, Gjrs .. .. dr Mr. G. Lewis's b m Norina, 4 j rs .dr Mr. G. LOWIB'S h o Euphrates, 3 yrs.dr Betting.-Even on Salem Scudder. ' Tho boises woro despatched in excellent ? style, Salem loading past tho Btand, round i the turn, and along tho back stretch ; tho others altogether until nearing tho abattoirs, where Salem, Elis, and Palladium camo'uwayv and after a splendid sot-to with tho first and1 last named, tho mare won by a neck ;uJulia i' third. Time, 3min. ölsec. Tho winner was bought in. THE FORESTERS' PETE. The annual Now Year's festival of tho Ancient Older of Forestors, which was hold in the Zoological Resorvo, was not so suc- cessful as usual, owing to tho threatening weather in tho morning. Tho attendance in the early part of the day was in fact very poor, but at a later hour it improved, and it was estimated that altogether nearly 4,000 persons wero admitted at tho gates. This number is very small in comparison with the usual attendance- on these occasions, and the committee do not expect to bo able to do much moro than pay expenses. This is a matter for regret, as it was intended to de- vote the proceeds of tho meeting to the District Benevolent Fund, which was esta- blished some years ago for i the' relief of urgent cases or distress. During tho years 1807 and 18G8 sornothing liko ¡MO a quarter was expended in this manner, and thirty- ' three cases of distress wera roliovod. In ad--1 ' dition to tho money iniscd by extraordinary l means, about£700 has been subscribed by the - Older, and tho cash in hand to the credit of ' the fund now amounis to over £7öQ, Thora aie constant demands, however, upon the , fund, and it'is a pity that tho mombers of tho , order have not been moio fortunato in their present effort. They have been much more , successful on pievions occasions, the mouoy , obtained fiom those fûtes, sinco their institu- tion in 18G2, amounting to something liko £1,175. It may bo interesting to stato that the /'nat court of the oui er was established hore in 1851, and that since that timo sovonty-sovon sepninto courts havo sprung into existence. v The aggrcgato number of racmbors belonging ' to the order in Victoria'ÍB now estimated ab ? . about 0,000, and the property of i tho various lodges is calculated to ho worth £27,000, . Although tho friendly societies which havo bben in tho habit of holding their annual , demonstrations in this resorvo have usually succeeded in obtaining largo receipts, thanks ' to tho extensivo patronago that has been, ' given by tho public, these bodies would be placed in a very much moro favourable posi- tion if thoy could succeod in thoir project of getting this reserve set apart for tho purposes of friendly societies and kindred institutions, it may not bo out of- placo to montion horo ' that the socioties aro not relaxing their o (Tor ta. in this direction in the least, and that they ' ' have boenipromisod the support of moro than one membor of _ the City Corporation,/ the quarter from which tho principal opposition is expected. But although the attondanco.on the presont occasion was not encouraging, the committeo did all in thoir power to próvido amusement for thoso who aid come. Tho pioceedings ¡were commenced with tho usual procession, tho various bodies as-r sembling in town early in tho morning, and proceeding to tho ground, via Collins-1 street, lílizabotli-strcet, Bourko-stroot, Spriug street, and tho Itichmond-road. On; ,tho ground tho usual amusements wero provided, in a short vocal ontortainmont. J A circular ' platform was erected for tho convenience of i the dancéis, and there woro no less than threo brass bands in attendance, so that there was no lack of amusement in this , direction. Tho other diversions common to ' such gatherings were indulged in with as much enthusiasm as if the nttondanco had bqcn i ( twico ns numerous, and the. afternoon was , t altogether ono of enjoyment to thoso who i ¡ feature of tho festival was tho'dolight whicfi seemed to bo exporienoed by tho 250 children of! the Industrial Schools who woro entor tainod' by tho committee. Tho visit was,' evidently, a great treat to theao children, who'ii, ' ! - - ,' . i , ' - VM were indebted to the kindness "of tho com- mittee for the unwonted luxury of a ride on the merry-go-round, the proprietor of which, kowever, generously declined to receive the customary fee. Tho children wero also re- galed at the expense of the funds with buns, fruit, lollies, &c;, and the faro seemod to bo duly appreciated. In addition to some athletic sports there was to havo been a balloon race, but although some of these aerial messengers did start, the high wind soon effected their destruction.' -The entries for the pedestrian sports were not so numerous as usual, and the events altogether did not number moro than five. The race for boys under fourteen years of age was won by Alfred Blair, J. Petherick being second ; and the thrco legged race by Crisp and H. Peterson, Blair and Jamieson coming in second. The walking match of two miles excited a good deal of interest. Tho competitors were handicapped by the committee, W. Lyall giving four others the advantage of ono lap out of fourteen. Notwithstanding the handi- cap ho won easily. The half-mile flat raco for Foresters only, for a silver star, was won ly .Earnest Petherick, by a few yards only, and Poynting won tho milo race, beating seven others. HB was rather closely pressed towards the end by Halpin, who obtained the second prize. _ THE GERMAN FETES. The uncertain weathor of yesterday inter- fered sadly with the success of tho pionic given at Toorak by the German Association and the Melbourne Gorman Liedertafel. Setter arrangements for a day's pleasure , could scarcely have beon mado, and but for the one drawback these would no doubt have been fully availed of by great numbers of people. An even spot of ground was roped m for dancing, an excellent band being in attendance, and these exorcises woro in tersporsed by the performances of the Liedertafel, whose members sang frequent chomsesin admirable style. The programme of the evening was varied by the dis- charge of fireworks, and an illumination of Chinese and coloured glass lamps had been planned, the effect of.which would havo been extremely good. But the high wind prevented this, interfered with tho course of rockets and Roman candles, and, worse than all, kept tho attendance of visitors/thin throughout. A first-rate refreshment tablo was laid beneath a-large tent, and every provision made for the entertainment of guests by hundreds. The picnic of the German Gymnastic So- ciety, givenin the Survey-paddock, wasamuch more free-and-easy affair, and had the ap- pearance of a number of independent family parties, each of which looked after itself, lather than an organisod body acting to- gether. Refreshments wero plentiful, for there wero two or threo "hotels" upon the ground, and in every direction fires wero bnrning beneath every imaginable kind of culinary utensil. The committee had ar- ranged a programme of sports, extending over the afternoon and evening, but dancing parties'wero being started by solitary fiddlers, and one solo clarionet player, in various paita of tho paddock. These parties increased in strength towards night, and formed the prin- cipal feature in the amusements of those pro sent,, in'spite of several very good foot races and other athletic sports. THE SURVEY PADDOCK. This favourite resort was pretty numerously attended, though the unfavourable woathor xi,the morning induced tho greator number «f-the pleasure-seekers to postpone their visit until the afternoon. In addition to the usual private picnic paities, and the picnics of the Richmond Presbyterian and Independent schools, tho German Gymnastic Society held their annual outdoor festival in this reserve, almost charming spot having been selected for the purpose. The amusements entered into wero of a vnried character. Dancing commenced as early as eloven o'clock, and afterwards tike liedertaful.of the association, under tho leadership of Mr. Sprinkhorn, «áhg a number of lively airs. This was followed by some gymnastic exercises by the .members .of, the society, which were very creditably performed, under the direction of Mr. Metzger. The performers who distin- guished themselves most were Messrs. E. Beer, Weigcl, Frank, Reichmann, Boyer, and others. At five o'clock some foot races took place, the flat race being won by \V. Crosbie, and the sack race by Master Brugner. A good deal of amusement was created by a new game, for ladies only, called "Halm schlagen," an which the competitors, after being blindfolded, endeavoured to strike with » stick an object placed a few yards in front of them. The striker was allowed to ap- proach as close as Bhe chose to the object to ho struck, and the fun consisted in tho mis- takes into which the competitors wero led in estimating the distances, THE ROYAL-PARK. The juvonilo poldon of the community north of the Yarra mustered in some forco at the Royal - park yesteiday, tho ohildrcn representing somo half-dozen schools, the teachers hi which usually give their weekly charges a picnic on tho first day of tho yoar. Tho proximity of tho Royal-park to the city, tho ample space it allows for all kinds of amusement, tho grateful shade it affords on a hot day, and the attraction of seeing the animals at the Acclimatisation Society's gardens, render the park a suitable' one for any entertainments of tho kind. Preparations had been made in each of thoschools, pro visions obtained, tents provided, and other lcquisitcs furnished. But it was feared by many as the ^norning broke that tho proposed picnics .would have to bo postponed, the weather appearing very threatening. As the day woro on. however, and the rain kept olf, tho -children marched to the park-in somo cases, as in that of the Oxforu-sticet Independent Church, they weie conveyed thither in carts -and the usual class of amusements was begun. The schools represented woro the Weslcyan, North Melbourne ; Baptist, Albert street; Baptist, Noith Melbourne; Baptist, Collins-street ; Independent, Collingwood ; Independent, Carlton; Presbyterian, West Molbourno ; and Presbyterian (St. Andrew's). Tho numbers presont, teachers and children, were between throe and four thousand. It was not a joint pic-nic, however; each school kept pretty well to itself, had its own tent as a centro of operations, and its own supply of comestibles. Tho amusements indulged in were of tho usual hackuoyed kind- swings, football, cricket, and skipping. Thero was no dancing, thero being no oand on tho ground. All seemed to onjoy themselves eartily, and by the time a return to their homes was thoughtof, manyof the youngsters were thoroughly tired. THE RIVER, &c.; Owing to the threatening aspect of the weather the river did not, in the earlier pait of tho day, presentjthat sccno of bustle and animation by which it is usually characterised on gonoral holidays. Thoso who had made their arrangements to bo present at the fête in the Zoological-gaidons went thero by cab ' in preference to tho risk to bo encountered by proccoding by boat. As the day howovor advanced, and the clouds and impending rain cleared off, aquatic excursionists far out-numbered all others. The gardens and reserves on each side woro crowded by holiday-makers, and the amuse- ments usually provided wore evidently en- joyed with a zest Tho disciples of Isaac Walton wero few and far betwoon, and though some might bo obsorved absorbod in piscatory pursuits, it was a question if tho result warranted tho sacrifico of timo and patience necessary. Picnio parties were not quite so numerous as might have boen ex- pected, but this was accounted for by the drawback already mentioned. THE RAILWAY STATIONS. From an early hour the several raitway stations wero tho scono of bustlo and life being crowded with oxcursionists and plea- sure seekers, all animated with but one de- sire, that of gaining with the least possibb delay their respectivo destinations. The ar rangements generally were excellent, and cal culated to prevent any unnecessary crowding or inconvonionco. Tho races at Flemington caused quito a rush at the Spencer-street station in tho morning, whilo thoso who were bound for Brighton and the bay crowded tho trains leaving tho Hobson's Bay Company's station. At Spencor-stroot thoro wero about 6,000 persons booked for the Flemington courso alono, and tho number «f excursionists by the Hobson's Bay Com- pany's lino exceeded 0,000. ' I ' BRIGHTON BEACn. The beach was not very lively yesterday, although a great many people spent their holiday in the enjoyment of tho rather strong sea breeze that prevailed thero from morning till night. A- number of private parties, bent upon the pleasure of a pic-nie, sought out and appropriated the sheltered spots, and seemed to en- joy themselves very much, tho boisterous character of the weather notwithstanding. Towards evening, howevor, the wind blow colder, and the dust, which had all day long been an annoyance, grew intolerable. The earlier trains carried off most of the visitors long before the hour at which it is usual to terminate such engagements. ST. KILDA. The numerous attractions offered in other directions yesterday had an effect almost de- pressing upon this generally favourite place of holiday resort. The visitors from a distance were few, and in the town itself there was neither procession, picnic, nor fute. Most of those who spent the day in tho neighbourhood found their way to tho Albert-park, whore two or three convoys of school children had been taken for an open-air treat, but beyond this there was not tho slightest excitement. It is many years since the New Year festival was so devoid of interest in St. Kilda. SANDRIDGE. It is long Eince thero were so many and such large vessels lying at the Sandridge rail- way pier as there are now. The list com- prises-Donald Mackay, Bon Nevis, Sussex, .Highflyer, Theophane, Holmsdale, Globe, and Comadre. There were in consequence a large number of visitors to the port yester- day, many of whom visited the different ships. Most of the vessols in the harbour were gaily decorated with bunting. A couple of steamers made excursions from the pier to Queenscliff, and wero tolorably well patro- nised. The day was, however, unpleasantly rough for a sea trip, and many of tho voyagers before they returned to Sandridge wished that they had not been so enter- prising as to spend thoir holiday on board a steamer. THEATRE ROYAL. This theatre was crowded from floor to ceiling last night with an eager holiday audience, who received the pantomime of Robinson Crusoe with the heartiest ap- plause. , , DUKE OF EDINBURGH THEATRE. There was scarcely standing room to be found in tho Duke of Edinburgh Theatre last night. The ' attraction was the panto- mimo founded on tho wondrous voyage of Sindbad the Sailor, and tho entertainment was received with the usual manifestations of approval. ' PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Theiewasagood attendance at tho Prin- cess's Theatre yesterday ovening, but thoro was no chango in tho programme from that which was performed on tho previous night. In "Tho Bonnie Fishwife" Mr. Streeton was Hickory Heartycheer, Mr. T. S. 'Bellair was young Heartycheer, Mr. Charles Young was Gaiters, and Miss Eloise Juno was Miss Thistledown. VARIETIES. At this place of entertainment last night -there was but little alteration in the pro- gramme. The audience, which was very nu- merous, iusisted upon an encoró of nearly every song, the result being to protract the performances till a very lato hour. POLYTECHNIC. Miss Emma Weippert's entertainment oE " Matrimony," at the Polytechnic-hall, was well attended yesterday evening, and tho au- dience weio liberal in their applause of hor different impersonations. BENDIGO. The athletic and international sports held under tho auspices of tho St. Andrew's So- ciety, by permission of the Eaglehawk Borough Council, in tho Town-hall reserve, wero a success. At four o'clock abovo 2,000 people had entered the enclosure, and many of the Sandhurst notabilities were present Among those present wore Mr. Sullivan (the Minister of Mines) and Mrs. Sullivan, Mr. J. J. Casey, Mr. Robert Burrowes, M.L. A., Warden Gaunt, and Mr. M'Laughlin. Tho pro- gramme was a lengthy ono. Several large money prizes were offered, and two silver cups of the value of soven guineas each. Several silver trophies wero also offered. The first event was a handicap race, 100 yards, three events ; first prize, a silver cup, won by Ramsey, who started at scratch ; the second prize, of £1, falling to Moran. Tho second event was tho throwing of a 221b. haiumor. M'Kcllar was first, throwing the hammer 74ft. Oin., winning tho prizo £2 ; Robert- son was second. For the Reel of Tulloch thero appeared four competitors. Robert- son was adjudged the best, and íecoivcd the prizo of £4 ; M'Kellar was the second, Çrize, £1 ; and Olliver the third, prize, lOj. The next event was a standing high leap. It was spiritedly contested. There were four competitors. Ryan won the first prize, £1 10s. ; O'Dwyer, the second, 15s. The height attained was 4ft. 3in. In a maiden race there were ten competitors. A. Jenks was first, prize £1 ; Stuart second, prize 10s. ; E. Jenks third, prize 5s. There were ten other events on the card, and tho sports were to he extended over Saturday. Great praiso is due to the St. Andrew's Society for their spirited conduct in getting up these sports. Tho New Year's sports in Sand- hurst, held in Roselind-park, and catered for by Messrs. Wm. Heffernan and J. C. Hadley, wero visited by a largo number of people, who enjoyed thorn selves to tho top of their bent. The spirited caterers had provided an attractive pro- gramme, with excellent prizes. The sports were well contested. Over 1,800 people loft by train this morning for Ravenswood for the Oddfellows' picnic. BALLARAT. (ritOM OUR OWN COBRESrO.VDEN-T.) FaioAY, JAN. 1. The departing "year of grace, 186S, was duly bowed out of existence, and its successor, I860, was as duly welcomed at its birth, last »ight, by vast numbers of our population. Many who view tho annual change as a solemn occasion which should bo religiously observed, to remind us of tho swiftness of time and of our approaching end, attended at their different placos of worship ; whilo the majority indulged in such festivities as are common to the occasion, our Scotch friends in particular being rather demon- strative in thoir "Hogmanay" recollections, although to do justice to them and to all other nationalities, their libations of us quebagb, or other intoxicating drinks, wera exceedingly moderate ; and fow people wore to bo seen in the streets in the smallest degrco tho worse for liquor. Tho Theatre Royal and tho Alfred-hall wero not so full as might havo boen expected, but of the groat moss of people who woro absent, the largest number seemed to be shopping or marketing for tho morrow. Besides, tho moon was at the full, tho sky clear, and tho weather was calm and warm-much more inviting out of than in doors. This morning the weather, which last night predicted u fiery hot day, was delight- fully cool, with a southerly wind, that brought up a fow drizzling showors, not heavy enough " to uncurl a lady's ringlets," but as tho day woro on tho wind incroasod to a brisk galo, and drove the dust about in a vory un- pleasant degreo to thoso who wore exposed to it. Tho principal event of to-day and tho sports pertaining to it-not as an amusoment only-was the opening of the Ballarat East Free Library, by Sir Redmond Barry, who arrived in Ballarat lost night for that pur- pose. At a little after eleven o'clock, Sir Redmond arrivod at tho building in ques- tion, whoro ho was recoivod by the mayor of the borough and tho muni- cipal councillors and officers, the mayor of Ballarat and othor gontlemen, seve- ral ladies also being present. After 'a 'survey of tho interior of tho building, his honour carno to tho front, where a platform had been provided, and after a long address in which ho spoke of the pleasure ho felt in the duties ho had that day to perform, and in which (ho complimented all parties con- nected with tho institution for the manner in which it had been carried to maturity, for the excellent selection of books, and for tho style and convenience of the building-he dcclarod it opened to tho public, expressing a hope that the objects of those who had esta- blished it would not he forgotten by the working mon. The volunteer band in attend- ance then played the National Anthem, and at its- conclusion Sir Redmond called for three cheers for. tho Queen, three for the mayor ond council of Ballarat East, and threo for tho trustees of tho library, all of which were heartily responded to ; and three cheers being called by some one for Sir Redmond, the proposal was also as freely responded to. The assemblage present might have numbered about 600 in all, and the most of them commenced to wend their way to the Eastern Oval, where the sports were to take place, the remainder going in to exa- mine the building. The library consists of about 5,000 volumes of useful and instructive books, arranged in four divisions or bays at the northern end of the reading-room, which is sixty feet long and thirty feet wide, and is most tastefully finished. Under this, and on cither side of the entrance-hall, aro two largo rooms, which may be used as occasion may require for leoture-rooms or other purposes, and one of which will bo generally devoted to the convenience of newspaper readers. In tho course of the afternoon a luncheon was pro- vided in tho town-hall, to which Sir Red- mond and a number of gentlemen were in- vited by thq mayor. The sports provided on the Oval were of the usual character, and attracted a good many votaries, but the at- tendance was scarcely equal to expectation. However, at this season, when amusements are the order of the day, peoplo cannot at- tend all the enjoyments provided for them, and the number of those sot down for to-day, no doubt, detracted a littlo from the success at the Oval. Foremost among thom were the Caledonian Society's Annual Sports at the Western Cricket-ground. The attendance here was much smaller than on the two or three past years, and the grand stand was little more than half filled; thero might have boen perhaps nearly 6000 persons present daring the day. Tho wind having increased towards the afternoon caused tho dust to rise, and made it very uncomfortable to many who were present. The accommodation provided for the press was very inadequate, and might have been much improved with little or no trouble. The following is tho list of prize takers up to the time of my leaving : Putting Heavy Stone (Amateurs).-First prize, M. K. Gullan, 27ft. 2in. ; second prize, Jas. Profit, 26ft. Sin. Putting Heavy Stone (All Corners).--First prize, David Smith, 31ft. Síin. ; ser ^nd prize, Jas. M'Lean, 29ft. lläin. ; "third pr. M. K. Gullan, 27ft. llin. Standing High Leap.-First prize, M. K. Gullan, 4ft. Oin. ; second prize, John Har- rington, 4ft. 4in. Handicap Raco, 200 Yards.-First prize, F. Carr, scratch ; second prize, R. liloyd, 10 yards ; thiid prize, R. Don, 7 yards. Pipe Music : Pibrochs.-First prize, Alex. M'Donald ; second prize. Donald Rowen. Dancing Highland Fling.-First prize, Donald Al'Donald ; second prize, W. Coutts ; third prize, A. G. Beaton. Putting Light Stono (amateurs).-First Srize, James Profit, 31ft. llin. ; second prize, I. K. Gullan, 31ft. 7«n. Putting Light Stone (all comers).-First prize, D. Smith, 36ft. 8in. ; second prize, James M'Lean, 35ft. 3in. ; third prize, James Profit, 30ft. 8in. 1 Puddock Loup (30 yards).-First prize, Thomas Coulsell ; second prize, D. O'Keefe ; third prize, F. Heath ; fourth prize, C. Morris ; fifth prize, T. M. Muir. Dancing, Gillie Callum.-First prize, W. Coutts: second prize, Donald M 'Konzie; third prize, A. G. Beaton. Throwing Heavy Hammer (amateurs). First prize, James M'Lean, 77ft. (protest); second prize, Richard Todd, 68ft. 8in. ; third prize, James Profit, 62ft. 4in. Throwing Heavy Hammer (all comers.) First prizo, David Smith, 90ft. Win. ; second prize, James Si'Lean, 76ft. llin. Sack Raco, 200 yards.-First prize, S. Gannon ; second prize, W. Scott. Best-dressed Highlander.-First prize, A. G. Beaton ; second prize, A. M'Donald. Handicap Hurdle Race.-First prize, R. Don ; second prize, E. G. Harrison. Thiowing Light Hammer (amateurs). First prize James M'Lean, 92ft. 3m. ; second prize, Alex. M'Donald, 87ft. Oin. ; third prize, James Profit, 83ft. 2in. Throwing Light Hammer (all corners.) First prize, David Smith, 106ft, 2in. ; second prize, James M'Lean, 03ft. 5in. ; third prize, A. M'Donald, 00ft. 3in. Best-dressed Boy, Highland costume. - First prizo, Ernest BragshW. Handicap Race, 800 yards.-First prize, R. Don, scratch; second prize, P. O'Neil, IS yards ; third prize, Boyd, 30 yards. Vaulting with Pole.-First prize, M. K. Gullan, 8ft. Oin. ; second prizo, J. Harring- ton. Tossing the Caber.-First prize, D. Mor- rison ; second prize, James M'Lean. Members'Raco.-First prize, A. G. Beaton; second prize, D. M'Kenzie. Three-legged Race.-First prize, W. Turn- bull and \V. Price ; second prize, P. O'Neal and F. Johnston. Running nigh Leap.-First prize, 51. K. Gullan and J. Harrington, tie at 5ft. Oin. Basket and Potatoes Race.-First prize, W. Price ; second prize, W. Loyd. Dance, Reel of Tulloch.-First prize, W, Coutts ; second prize, D. M'Donald. Grand Handicap Steeplechase.-First prizo, B. Bradbury, 30 yards, ; second prizo, D. O'Neal, scratch; third prize, W. Forster, scratch. Next on the list may be mentioned a host of picnics at tho Botanical-gardens, provided for tho enjoyment of the children ci a number of Sunday and other schools, which wero largely attended by many who had long since ceased to bo classed with children, but who seemed to enter into the amusements of the juveniles with as much zest as if they weie boys again. Tho complimentary banquet to Mr. S. T. Clissold, our lato respected police magistrate, was held last night in tho lecture-room of the Mechanics' Institute, which had been taste- fully fitted up for the occasion. The number of guests was smaller than was oxpected, which was accounted for by many who would li ave been present atanyothertimobeingawayfrom home enjoying the holidays. The mayor of Ballarat West occupied tho chair ; and the mayor of Ballarat East and the chairman of the Water Commission, tho vice-chairs. The dinner was provided in Mr. Dcsckiman's best style, and it and the wines gave general satis- faction. On the toast of the evening being pro- posed, tho chairman presented Mr. Clissold with an elegantly-prepared farewell address, expressive of the heartfelt regret of the public athis departure, and wishing him and Mrs. Clissold overy happiness ; to which Mr. Clis- sold made a most appropriate response, mentioning the regret ho himself felt at the severance, and expressing his thanks for the kind and respectful manner in which he had been uniformly tieated by all classes of peoplo in Ballarat during the twelve years he had had the honour to presido on the Bench. 