MR. MONTGOMERY'S SECOND SEASON. Adelaide maintains her allegiance to Mr. Montgomery, and continues to enjoy his histrionic genius with undiminished zest. Jf there was any difference between the house which welcomed him on Monday night, and that before which he made his debut last year, it was on the!right side. There have been few such assemblies since the first Montgomery season closed. Theie have been many, we are happy to think, quite as crowded, and it may be as profitable to the treasury, but there has been none so variously interesting or so complimentary to an artist. It was fashionable; but it was also intelligent. It was a motley multitude, in which every class of theatre-goers had its representatives, intermingled with many who are seldom to be seen even in the Royal. It was not so demonstrative as ordinary crowds are expected to be; tut there were symptoms of appreciation more gratifying than noise. Mr. Montgomery has evidently dropped into a circle of confirmed admirers. Not a scintillation of the pleasure which he inspired last year seems to have been forgotten—not a single regret for the enthusiasm of former days was observable. He dre house as on his first viBit, and produced the same unique impression. His second season has, in a word, opened well, and its progress appears to be anticipated with lively interest. His Hamlet is too classic a character to need or even to endure redescription. All who have witnessed it liave such a vivid conception of it in their own nvnds that the time is past for the critic to assist them in forming their opinions. On Monday it was observed and studied as a familiar creation of histrionic genius. Few of its observers may have ever devoted half an hour's attention to the learned discussions on Hamlet's sanity. Yet all of them instinctively apprehend the peculiarities of Mr. Montgomery's rendering. They have almost unconsciously adapted themselves to the deeper, more comprehensive view he lakes of the character. They can feel how much more humanity he has infused into it—how he has stripped it of conventional tragedy, and made it appeal to the dramatic sympathies of all ages. Advancing from this preliminary stdnd-poiut, they can now dwell with intellectual pleasure on the individual beauties of the role. They can note and inwardly digest the many new and more expressive readings he has introduced into the text. This will afford them enjoyment and occupation for many hearings of Hamlet. It will bring out a subsidiary class of merits in the character which could not be sufficiently discriminated on a first acquaintance. This remarkable Hamlet carried the Australian stage by storm through the novelty and poetic consistency of its conception. It will maintain its high position by the exquisite finish of its details, it is a character which cannot be two minutes before the footlights without giving some proof of its originality and excellence, and it may be heard from beginning to end with a steadily mcreasing appreciation. From tne accounts of his recent season in Melbourne we infer that Mr. Montgomery has been enlarging his list of triumphs, notably by the addition of Iago and Mercutio. Of course Adelaide will be thankful for a few novelties, but she will always regard Hainlet as the piece de resistance. It has consigned all its predecessors to oblivion, but it will so much the more perpetuate grateful recollections of Montgomery. Its accessories this year are a decided improvement on chose of last year. The stage management is beyond comparison with Air. Coppin' s, the defects of which murdered many a fine effect, and produced very seedy unimpressive situations. Air. Bellair and his stall' have worked hard to emphasize the occasion. The scenery and fittings—some of them new, all in good order—were arranged and handled as if something unusual were the matter with them. Hardly a hitch or an incongruity detracted from the greatness of the central figure. The first appearance of this figure upon the stage was the signal for such acclamation as is most gratifying to the performer. Every one joined in it, and, the welcome over, settled himselr down attentively to take in the points of the study which he was well assured was to be presented for his contemplation. But there was not so much interest centred in the Hamlet that none could be spared for the other actors. Several months' experience of t^em in various characters had awakened curiosity as to their fitness to embody Shakspeare's wonderful conceptions. Their style of playing had become so familiar that there was an anxiety to see how far they could adapt it to new impersonations, and the arrangement of the cast heightened this anxiety. It was feared that there were weak elements in it that could not fail to produce a bad impression, and that the lustre surrounding the Hamlet would throw into deep shade the indifferent success of others. But there was no justification for any such apprehension. Each performer seemed self-pledged to act up to the Hamletian standard. Miss Juno was such a Queen as the Royal Dane, though endowed with all the godlike qualities assigned to him by a partial son, might well choose for a consort. The very hesitancy which at timeB betrayed itself in her manner was tbe appropriate accompaniment to that ignoble act which placed her a second time upon the throne of Denmark. There was no attempt to play the Queen when it was the woman's pr rt merely that had to be enacted. AU affectation of royal dignity forsook her when brought to face the stern picture of her degradation as held up to her view by the pitiless avenger of that most foul and horrible murder. The mask was thrown off. and the anguish of the conscience-stricken woman revealed. Miss Stoneham had to contend against peculiar advantages in a part no way congenial to her. There is very little in common between the love-sick Ophelia and the bright laughing vivacious girl who has been the life of so many burlesques during the present season. The wonder is that she should BO far control her features and disguise her merrier nature as to represent the character with tolerable success. But she did more than this; she was an Ophelia that understood what was required of her, and was able to show that she understood it by giving her idea of it intelligible shape. If she failed to infuse a sufficiency of plaintive distress into the mad scene, there was no mistaking the fact that the ecstacy of madness was upon her. The singing was very sweet, and the manner in which dutiful obedience was rendered to Polonius was in keeiing with the terrible effects of his death upon aer reacon. Laertes, in the hands of Mr. Monro, was fairly but not specially well treated. The concentrated passion for revenge, inspired by the terrible calamities drawn down upon his hiU6e by Ophelia's eccentric lover, was not adequately expressed. Mr. Monro's forte is light comedy, and it is not easy for him to reconcile himself to the tragic. The character was well dressed, but not so successfully acted. Mr Streeton's Claudius had nothing particular to recommend it, except a close adherence to the text and a quiet natural rendering of the part Polonius. represented by Mr. Muggrave. if not Quite so decided a triumph as that of Mr. Rogers, had yet points of marked excellence. There was no attempt to reduce the old courtier, verging upon senility, into a buffoon. The fact that he was a trusted attendant upon royalty was never overlooked, although none of the poiqt of his vanity and monomaniacy was lost Mr. George Darrell created a favourable impression as Horatio. His enunciation is distinct and emphatic, and he is without question the best Horatio that has visited Adelaide for a long time. Mr. Bellair made up into a very stalwart Ghost indeed. He was less pale than the traditionary shade, and his voice was a trifle less sepulchral in its depth than that of other ghosts, but his gestures were as commanding and his voice as even in Its tone as the most orthodox dweller in Hades that ever walked. Mr. Hill scarcely gave full expression to the sardonic humour of the First Gravedigger, but his rendering was far from a failure Mr. Martin in the dual capacity of Guildenstern and the Second Gravedigger played carefully, and Mr. Batson, as Rosencranz, was got up regardless of expense. Miss Maggy Burton made an effective Osric, and the other characters were fairly sustained. Indeed, we can only say in closing, as we have already remarked, all engaged in the production of the piece had conscientiously prepared themselves to contribute to the success of the evening's performance. * To-night the comedy of "Still Waters Run Deep" is to be played, with Mr. Montgomery as John Mildmay. IMFBISQKJIENT FOB DEBT IN SOUTH AUSTBALIA. —South Australian readers will find some new light thrown on their "institutions" in the following extract from the Australasian.-—" We have received a letter from a correspondent in South Adelaide complaining of the harsh operation of tne law for imprisonment for debt in that colony. He says that upwards of £3 debtors have been imprisoned in the year ending June 30 of the current year. One unfortunate old man of nearly 70 years of age is confined by his single creditor for a debt of £27, and has httle prospect of release for another twelvemonth. He complains, too, of _ the administration of the law. and of the inconveniences and restrictions pf the debtors' yard, cells, and rations. The moral that ne inws from his narrative is that Victorian farmers had Detter stay where they are. We do not dispute our correspondent's conclusion, although we would gladly think that his description is somewhat highly coloured. But it is hardfr creditable to South Australia that she should have retained that relic of barbarism, imprisonment for debt, so long after it has been condemned by the rest of the world. Punishment for fraud or any other commercial offence is just and right. But imprisonment because a creditor has made a mistake and given trust when he ought not to have done so, or because a debtor has met with undeserved misfortune, is an anomaly which ought not to be tolerated in Australia," 