BALLARAT. November 24. (FEOM OUSOWN CORRESPONDENT.) The mayoral elections have been decided sinse I last wrote you, and have resulted in-the chairing of Councillor Cowan for the West, and Councillor Eastwood (brother-in-law of Mr C. E. Jonre, MP) for the East. Mr James Dodds, the well known and popular landlord of tue Buckshead, was the senior in the Eastern Council, and stood for the chair, bnt was defeated by a majority uf seven to two. When the election was over be spoke very warmly regarding the slight which had been put upim him, and lias since resigned his seat in the Council. Very many of .the ratepayera^are dissatisfied with the treatment ha has received, far be has served-1 hem long and well, and was folly entitled to the honor which has been denied faim. Mr Srienfield, who has filled the chair in the Eastern Council for the long period of three years, has been presented with a splendid testimonial by a. number of the ratepayers. It consists of a service of eilver plate of the value of-two hundred guineas. - His-portraitis also to bepresenie-l to MrsStienfi.id, andadaplicitle by the conncil. • The Fine Aris Exhibition was-brought«to A! clof-e last Saturday -evening, au'diias proved An j jmmenBe success. It was opened on ,the 2la', gfjnly last, and has enntinuei one of tJiemofctpopnlar attractions of the jilace up to its. [final; closing. The,accomrs tn connectton with it are not as jet fully -' posted, bnt I understand: the clear profits realised will be between jfiBOb: and £IGU0. I should s»y it lias eclipsed 'pvery--, thing ofthe kind yet attempted in fcheteolqny,; and lias exceeded the moBt eangnine' eipccfca-^ dons of its pr<«mnteraT, ~ ;.' ^ ; Rather'a aerious fire "occurred in Start street: at about .two p<Jnck„laRt Sunday morning;^ thrfee tenements wi\h tlicir contents were destroyed, burl uriderat-lid the djiniageilone folly covered ity of; courses disreputable locality^fprmingjii'portion of sucb a large centre of population aaBallarat, and its name is Esdmond street With regard to ihe patronymic, Mr Esdmond applied tothe Council some time ago to have it changed, as he looked upon the distinction as of rather a dubiouB character. His request was complied with, and tbe new name of this den of iniquity is now " York street;" but it is oftener called by the old name than the new. Last Saturday night, or early on Sunday morning, a person named Jones, an engine driver for the Prince of Wales Company met with a disagreeable mishap in the choice region I have deferred to. : He had been indulging somewhat freely, and had "foregathered" with a fair frail companion —tbe place is notorious as the abode pi these miserable-fallen wretches. They had strolled along the street until an unfrequented part was reached, when suddenly Jones was pounced^ j upon by two ruffiaos, who appeared experts in the art of garotling. He was seized fit inly by the throat, and carried snme distance from the road. One of the operators then pressed bis knee into the victim's side, holding him securely on the ground, while the other took from the pockets cash to the amount of £5 14s. Jon s was not much injured but considerably sobered, and was enabled to give immediate information to the police, and I understand there is a fair prospect that the perpetrators will meet with their deserts at the hands of juBtice sooner than they anticipated. The Ballarat Cricket C ub sustained a crushing defeat here yesterday at the hands of a crack team from Melbourne. The weather was most unfavorable for the game, as it rained the greater part of the time it was being played. Billarat had the first innings and their totil score amounted to only 76. When the stumps were drawn only four of the Melbourne men had been disposed of, viz: K. W. Wardill. 17 ; .Lieutenant Gordon, 63; Phillips, 2; Mullagb, 14; W. Campbell (not out), 27; Cameron (not out), 12; byes, <tc, 16. Total, 151—six wickets to go down. This terrible thrashing is partly accounted for by the B&Uarat; men being the last to take the field, and owing to the heavy rains which had fallen the ground became veiy slippery and difficult to run upon. Ballarat has licked Melbourne ere now, and may do so again; but judging from the result of yester day's contest the Ballarat men will have to improve vastly in every department before tbey have tbe ghost of a chance with opponenlB so formidadle. It will be seen t hat Lieut Gordon's score is veiy little shrri of tbe total innings of the unfortunate Ballaratians. Affaire at the Corner have reached so desperate a condition that people are beginning to have a " down " on it. There are whisperings abroad that some of the Bcrip dealers who were supposed to be immensely well to do, are likeiy to come to grief owing to the unprecedented depredation in the valne »f mining stock, and "the otter impossibility of finding buyers for stock at almost any price. In fact, there is no disguising the truth now, and that is—there is a regular panic in the share market. There is but little sympathy for the brokers in their days of adversity, and many people think that bad there been no corner here Ballarat would have been at the present time in a far more prosperous condition. Maldon folks would be surprised to leara what large sums of money are swallowed up here in the management of companies where payable gold has never been fonnd, and, iu all probability, never will be. I suspect this fact is often patent to the manager and directors long before there iB tbe slightest hint given to tbe shareholders regarding the state of affairs. Week after we»k the same monotonous reports regarding the progress of the mines appear, in tbe papers. Always some'bing biilliant going to turn op "when the the additional machinery is erected"—'' when the main drive is in so many feet"—" when the jump up is in"—"when the water or foul air out" &C-;, &c.; \- Great jollifications, at the expense of the shareholders, ate held when an engine is started or tbe first spadefull dug from a proposed shalt. The Sow of liquor and oratory is on the most liberal scale, and the next we hear of tbe concern is a special call, ordinary ones not being snfiicient. All this time the manager pockets the handsome 'screw' and tbe directors their fees. I recall to mind the economical manner prospecting companies are managed on Maldon. It wonld m»ke tbe " beautiful swells," who hold the nice management billets here, stare to learn that the -duties they j erform fur from £2 to £5 a week, are done at Maldon for tbe low charge of 10s per company, aye, and i he interests of the shareholders far belter looked after tliau they are here. Even when a company has been pronounced a duffer and operations suspended, as ill tbe case of the " New Djs," the manager and directors are still faithful to their appoint - ments while there is any property remaining wherewith to pay the salary and fees. I have some bitter recollections of the company I have mentioned, and, ah hough it's more than a year since all work in connexion with it ceased, it is not wound up, aud tbe last inquiry 1 made I learned that the manager was still iu receipt of his salary. I am most decidedly in favor Of efficient m ring managers being well paid when payable gold has been s*rack, but prospec'-ing mines should be managed with the greatest economy, and I hold that to erect washing or crashing machinery, until there is something to wash or crash, is amostridiculous proceeding. Vet such appears to be the general rule here, and thas capital, to an unlimited extent, i9 swallowed np in nseless and extravagant expenditure, tbe bona fide investor ruined and disgusted while the managing or mil managing fraternity clip? to their places, and pay while the fouds can be squeezed from the hapless shareholders. The Ballarat Turf Club Eacea come off on the Dowling Forest Course here, on the 2nd, 3rd-and 4 h nf next month, and, judging from the interest they are already exciting, aud tbe number <>f cracks entered, tbe sport is certain to be first-class. Should any of your readers feel inclined for a holiday, and can afford it, I can confidently recommend a visit to the races as a capital source of amusement. Some folks consider them quite equal to the Plemington events, and I am sure. they will be veiy little inferior. The entries may be seen in.any of the Melbourne papers. There is a proposal on the tapis, „bnt only in embryo to raise capital in £10 shares for the purpose of sinking« shaft 1000 feet deep on a reef known -as the '"Township." The ArtUition, in connexion with the late: Fine Arts Exhibition, Was a complete success, and was conducted to the entire satisFiction of all concerned. - Mr Scott, a jeweller in Bridge street, won the first pr'Zi. value 100 guineas, aud Accepted an offer of .£75 for tbe pictore.- Be has presented each ofthe charitaVe institu-' tipns with £% and each of the young ladies who were -at the twheel nf fortune, with handsome guld earrings. The slice < of luck •jnight have fallen to wore needy and certainly bunwre niggardJuuids. . ^.'second edition of winter lias set in-here—- -cold wind* and heavy showers iu quick and disagreeable *uooeuion. - . _ - THB CFIJTMPIOW OF EKOL&HD; N? A ChaRicteB.—From a fsoent number *>f the -BriOol• JWy " Timet; learn, Ou^unday evening j* Rreat tnaiiy peorle werp attracted to the Carmol Cbaiipl, Pontypridd, to bear Tom J5n&'«fao|nuf*r jmijw y»«n a prize -fighter, s»nd ncompaction «[ the late T«m Saycra In tiu sermup which iie prcmhed from a tot take* from MAttlusw,be g<vr, in a hold juid earnest; manner, many ,-veiy touoliing incidents «f liis j life »hile'a£gbter. , His manner wws »l*^gether , free frouiasjumptioii, apd hisslylfe oiweach'uig ' f 'forame aitd natural. Throughout .bin sou attention Was given by the soujgtega-; tion. . 