EEAyES FROM OtJR JSTOTE-BOOK. ?:~t \ ? . .? . — A pamphlet has .been published in England iy a Mr. 'William Gibb, showing bow it is prac ?tijCable to effect a large saving in the collection of Customs duties. Mr. Gibfs plan is in opera tion at Manchester,1 where the cost of collection is only 20s. per cent. ; the cost of collection throughout the United Kingdom averaging £3:9s.4d. per cent. ' -=,'-. ,_ . An important case has recently oocugied the attention of the Law Courts in England. Some iselmeronahts in Hull recently telegraphed to a Lttndon firin offering to take a. cargo of ice at ^3s. per ton. The felegraph clerk in London 'misread the message, and copied the price: at 27s. per ton; The ice was -duly shipped to: Hull, where it was refused except at 23s. The * erriw being that, of the Telegraph Company,' the shipper sued that body for. the balance, and they defend tie action on the -ground that- one of their printed conditions is that '' The Cbm^ pany will not be Tesponsible f or mistakes or 'de- layji in the transmission of or the npnde livery of unrepeated messages, ; from what ever cause :arismg.'' This is resisted^ as i con- trary to the first1 principles of fair dealing. Thb Judges nave reseryedJ their decision ; but: as ithas been ruled in ibne. .'gtjses iot \\.\ railway 'aiq^tt canal companies that *oaditions which are. not ' just and reasonable^ cannot be enforced; it is expected that the -Telegraph Company will, be; hehi responsible for the error of their1 servant. '---'.' \'.C'\:.. :'.?'?': :':..' '' V.V '':/'.'.'...'., ''':? -u ?- Therelias^ensometalkinengineierin^ctt^^ of ja, ship canal through ireland, .but, we have not yet met -with descriptive details'of thepro j«cL if practicable, such « canal would vastly beiiefit the Atlantic trade of liveit^ooi, ript ;so; nitichin the saving of distance as pi time,hy. the -avoidance of the delays iof the. Channel, and of risk, by escaping -the rocky -Welsh and Irish coasts, the occasion of 'so much loss of property and life, ij would 'also confer im- . mensenmteiialbenefits.upon Ireland. 7 , i :-!)n .fh& lit of ^pril last the new Act. came' into force which compels all railway trains to provide ' the - means of instant communication between the : whole of the ' passenger' carriages and ihe guards. Marions plans have ' been put' upon trial, and the best will no doubt, he ulti mately adopted for all theiiues, asuniformity in this respect is very desirable. We commend this 'matter to the notice of our own' railway ' authorities. . .'. ?' '' ;. . + ~ ] .'? . _ ''?_ , ; One of the grandest' Masonic ceremonials, ever witnessed took place .in; April last aa Lon don, on the occasion. of the dedication of the ? new grand hall in Great Queen-street by tiie Most Worshipful the Grand Master of Masons in. ,England— the Earl ; of : Zetlandi . 'The- pro-, j wedings were imposing almost b«yond prece dent, the Grand Master, when enthroned, being surrounded by more than 1,000 officers of Lodges from all parts of .the United Kingdom. The new grand hall is a' magnificent bunding. ? ?; : ,!, Mr.- Scott Eusseli,^the Vice-President of the institution of Naval Architects, has been1 con demning inf very severe terms the ? accommoda- , tion~pr, rather, the^want.of accommodation^, to which passengers ; between England and. France are subjected. - He says the transport of civilised human beings between Great Britain, and: France is 'disgraceful to the civilised' nations.' He represents -the traffic .between Calais and Dover as frequently i exemplifying aome of the worst features that havei.been'Bic turei of the African slave trade. ' , 'A hundred or a couple of handred men and women, are huddled under decks in a pestiferous : atmoB phere,' where there is neither room for comfort, rest, ventilation, cleanliness, nor health/ Fifty delicate refined women are sometimes jammed into a cell where they have, just room to sit on the floor.' This is a melancholy picture, cer tainly. ? : ? ?? ?---? _ ' ? ? ? ?'. ??'?' ' : By the Calif ornian . Mercantile/ Gazette we notice that' the attention pf agriculturists is being; directed to the cultivation of a plant called the Bamie, a species of thistle which, is jsaid-to be very hardy, and easy of production. 'It is susceptible of' being propagated from cuj^ngs, like .the vine, is perennial, and. yields three or four crops a year, tat the /rate of 3,000 pounds per acre, and readily commands 230 dollars per ton on the spot. The threads pro duced from the plant are larger,. silkier, and stronger than cotton, and when mixed with cotton or wool produce a brilliant, beautiful fabric, superior to either of the others alone, and when manufactured by itself resemble the finest grades of poplin.'- .--.- - , The Sydney Morning Herald, writing upon the Beal Property Act of that colony, which is similar to ours, expresses an opinion that the' reason' the pirinciple is nbt more generally adopted is to be found in the opposition of the legal profession; and this, it is stated, has made the: system, although established in England, ' very nearly a dead-letteir' there. ' In Melbourne an effort is being, made' by the Jews to render assistance to the inhabitants of Western Russia, near the Prussian frontier. The condition of these people appears to be something frightful — fever and famine are doing their deadly work. It is said that ' whole families forsake their huts in masses, and wander hungry, shivering from frost, like walking corpses,-- from' one place to another, until they finally break down, and in many in stances gasp their' last on ;' the public roads.' Certainly the state of these poor. creatures is %uch as1 to call forth the commiseration and. chaiity of the benevolent ! ' '?.'? - ? Heferring to the presents made by His Royal Highness Prince Alfred, Melbourne Punch states that the inscriptions upon them wil have to be alte ed from 'Presented by His Boyal Highness1' to ' Voted by the British Par iliaxnent.'Mi PuncHt winds up with this observa 'tion— 'What a haird prosaic age this is, and how the poetry is continually being knocked out of the pretty little transactions of one's dusty life. ' The New Zealand papers, in cata loguihg the Suke's presents' in that colony, does so 'for the information of . the British taxpayer !' . The Melbourne Age of a late date reproaches Victoria for not having done something worth speaking of to j improve the '..navigation bf the Murray. The^article states that such a depth of water could be .maintained in the -river as would permit of navigation throughout the year, and alleges that the money necessary for the purpose would be found no insuperable diffi culty. It was pointed out that, 'If we Vic torians are really in earnest in wishing to de velop our resources here is ? one of. the. best of them, full of premise, -and which,1 by an 'expen- diture not excessive, may be made a vehicle of large traffic andjithe stupendpus reservoir for the irrigation of an extensive country. T We have not to create j only to improve; not to make, but perfect ; and there appears no reason why the initiatory steps should not be taken for the proBecutipn. of the ?work.'. .'?','...'. Sericulture is commanding considerable atten tion in New South Wales, and what is now Tequisite, it appears, to add that as one of -the; industries' of the colony is knowledge— know- ledge of the best kind of. worm to procure and of how to manage the silk; We observe tha,t the Scientific Committee of the Agricultural Society have^' directed the Secretary to com municate with the Silk Supply Association for' the purpose of obtaining information regarding the species of worms best adapted to the colony, and the proper food for them; to ascertain whether they would undertake to find a market for cocoons and acquaint the Committee with the price such products weuld command ; and further to learn if the Asaocia tion would assist by sending out some qualified person to visit the districto wheie sericulture could be carried on, and carefully explain every operation to the' people advocating attention to the pursuit, so as to ensure success. The Sydney Morning Herald; alluding to theseriousldecUne in the qiiantity of silk produced in Europe, remarks :—' Surely i^ew,; .South :''^tai^]'m&j.; pocket . some part of the premium offered to' 'those silk growers who shall set tit work -the ]now silent looms of France, 33nfelahd;v and Italy,' and -afford' $6 4;h6usa4ds;^6w 'begging it the means of earning their daily bread.' r ; ? .' . In an : article entitled' .' Mathematics v. Christianity, 'tn a recent issue of tha Australian 'Churchman, the heads of the University; of Cambridge .are; condemned in no measured terms for having allowed Mr. Harfcpg, a gentle-, inan of Hebrew birth and religion, to attain the position of 'Senior '^rangier b^ thkt Univfersiiy. The writer' maintains that th^lr action. Jin; this' matter shows they regard TUjr. -Hartog's mathe matical talents' as of 'more value : than the character for Christianity and' for truth of the UiuTexsity of Can-bridge.'V Herpbintri piit i3iat the founders of this seat of learning bequeathed to posterity an Institution; for 'advancing^the growth of ' learning as an aid to Christianity ;' that they looked upoii the 'faith, of Christ cruci fied" as a "most holy faith,'; and that they en deavored to use the talent entrusted to them as they best might by increasing the number of sharers in that most holy faith, and this by enabling men "to give a reason' for the hope, that is in them.' The article concludes with these words:— ' While we pity Mr. Hartog, our feelings become those of mournful indigna tion when we think of those learned. men who have been led away by the ' philosophy, falsely so called,' of the anti- Christian liberalism to a breach of the solemn and important trust be queated to them by Christian men of old, 'in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the; Holy Ghost—God blessed forever.'' The Victorian County Courts Act is said to haye worked so well that an- extension of its poyrers has been deemed' desirable', and a Bill which is npw before Parliament proposes to. grant the County' Court an- equitable jurisdic tion in claims up to £500, and in; probate and administration to the extent of £300 ; while in ?unison with the forthcoming 'Insolvency Act it will make the Judges of these 'County Courts local Commissioners of Insolvency in their re spective districts. ... ;.. ^ .'. U,J -,,?...,.. The Independance ' Beige ? contains a long article upon the Pope's letter to the Archbishop of Paris condemnatory of Freemasonry. .' But the pith of the article consists of a statement to . the effect that Pio Nono was; himself many years ago made a Freemason. * The Mansfield Independent states that ' at a neighboring farm there is a flock of sheep lad. by a faithful shepherdr-ragoat — every morn.-; ing to pasture, and brought home to the fold in the evening' by the* same means. The goat ex hibits the greatest concern 'in its- care, and in the time of approaching danger places itself at. the head of the flock to protect it from. ^ moles tation. ' Nanny9 of ten engages in conflict with prowling dogs on their account.' A learned doctor in : New Zealand,' giving thte why and wherefore of. the late earthquake in that colony, says'it is merely .the dynamio effect of some local abysgolo gical disturbance, Oh, -well then, what does it matter?. : v .:'',':i' ' ? Quite a unique petition was brought before the Avon Shire Council at its last sitting* The inhabitants of .North Cipps Land ^prayed that the Hon. the Commissioner of Trade and Customs would establish a branch immigration depot in -Sale, ' because all the male servants were investing their savings in land and be coming settlers under the 42nd section, and- sdl ther women sevants ; were i getting -'married.'' Upon this the Gipps .Land Times comments :— *' We believe the statements made -as the bas of the petition, though startling and novel, to be substantially true. 'r-rAge. ; ? . ..? , ; . ;: The challenge bf Mr,' Walter Mont gomery to, the literary, world of this colony ,to produce a better libretto than that, entitled *' The Royal GalateaBurlesgue' is, [we- 'under stand, about to be accepted; *the gentlemen who intend proving, by writing a better one, that Mr. Jilontgomery's pet builesque has very little literary merit, are prepared to comply with the eminent and eccentric tragedian's con ditions, but they require that a proper and competent tribunal shall be; appointed to judge of the relative merits of the piece placed upon the boards of the Royal, -and.' that it be pro duced by th« acceptors of the challenge. ' Mr. 'Walter Montgomery's £50 may be lost .not only in one instance but in many ; for more than one are confident that they' can easily. eclipse the Galatea burlesque.1— Argtis. . ' We hear that 29,000 volumes were. added last year to the Printed Book Department of: the British Museum. The Museum Library is now far the finest in the world, and is every year be coming worthier of its pride of place. English men generally do not know either its extent or its merits. Has any reader of ours ever heard one of his countrymen, when bewailing the in feriority of our art collections to those of Venice, Dresden, Munich, or Paris,; console himself with the reflection that, in the more valuable treasure of books, our Museum is supe rior to the national library of any other city — any two or three of them put together, we may say ?— Athenaeum. 