TAMBO". (From our own Correspondent.) 1 ho horses for the com tug meet are all iu full I raining ; thu cracks aro located at the Royul Carraugnrra stables, viz. Orphan, Olianuo, Vvranglor, Buron, Thornhill, Grey Dawn, and Gentili. : At other plaeis uro Jib- buon, Caustic, Junmbiu, and several other horses of less noto. I do not expoet to seo more than 'six fuco the starter for tho Tanibo Handicap. Tl o probable starters aro all doing wall and have a host of admirers. Yostorduy I saw Orphan do a three utile gallop, and if nil goos woll, ho will provo a tough Customer for tlto much vaunted Wrangler, or nny of Iho BY stud tlint may have tho tomorily to try conclusions with hint over threo miles ; Wrangler uonsidored by his partisans to bo his most dangerous oponout, id doing it. -ong work, and appears to give his admirers satisfaction, but I do not think. lie can bo got lit enough by tho day to com pete successfully witli Orphan for tlto handicap, but I do not sco what is to brut him for tlto cup, unless it bo Tarragon, a horse frir below mediocrity, but thought very highly of by his trainer. Tlto littlo beauty Grey Dawn, if all right oil tlio day, will run into' u pluco lor tlio great race, aml'I seo nothing to beat Iter for third place unless it bo Wrangler, but I think his owner will start him for this ruoo, tvh.it tho wotter-and cup are staring liiin in tho fuco and half tlio nioucy in his pocket. Tho old vctor'an, Cliuiico, will provo Orphan's tttosb dangerous rival, and unless lie break down, I expoet to so him upsol thu Orphan pot and the two absolutely run away ft out the field. 8st 7ibs is a very light burden for a horse' of his cnlibro to carry, and the fuct itlono of Orphan c; needing 7lbs, makes mo unhesitatingly pluco him first, Orplmn second, unit Grey Dawn, whichever bo tiio bettor of tlio twain, third. Jibltoon is too heavily weighted to ltavo tho ghost of it chance. Cituslio, Junnitii, nnd Thornhill will ltavo a regular sot too for third plaoo. ' Tho old eelobrily, Talleyrand, as most of the sporting nieri pre dicted, will not put in an nppoitriittro ut this meet, for when Mr. Tuit could not bring him to tho post for a sJling ruoo, it is not foasiblo to suppose tlint the 'i'nntbo trainers, could bring him out for a thrco mile race. ' As soon ns Iho races are over I will send you a full account of tlium. 