GENERAL NEWS. Fatal Accident.-The Border Post reports that, on Monday last, the brother of Mr. Hat- tersly, the well-known sodawater maker of Yackandandah, had been taking some goods to Beechworth, and on his return, just at the Gap, he was thrown from the dray, and the shaft was driven into his chest. Dr. Murphy was sent for, but on arriving found there was no hope, and Mr. Hattersly died in a few hours ; he had only been in the colony a few months, and he leaves a wife and six children to mourn their loss. At Corowa, on the Upper Murray, the Pas- toral Times says that a gradual change is taking place among the settlers, squatters, who are purchasing parts of their stations, and, in fact, gradually changing them from squatting stations into'large freehold grazing farms. But lower down, about Hay, the squatting tenant system is still the rule, and that township is the centre of a very large district where squatting is in its entirety. Shows are about to be held at each place, and it is anticipated that the Hay show will be less agricultural in character than the Corowa show. The back creeks and lagoons on the Lachlan have been lately replenished with water from the river, although the rise was not very high. They were beginning to run low before this welcome supply came. Some queer ghosts have been appearing to three splitters near. Young. A white object about the size of a cat was seen on one moon- light night, and it suddenly sprung up into a spectre eight feet high, giving no answer when spoken to, and sounding hollow when struck. This peculiar spectre removed the roof of the hut upon another occasion ; and the ghostseers were troubled on a third night by the appari- tion of an animal resembling a dog, with a chain round its neck, which grinned at them, but emitted no sound, and was invulnerable to shot. This singular animal came another night, but did not make himself visible. He seemed to possess very material instincts, however, for he was heard licking a plate that had been left out- side, and his chain seemed to be rattling against it ; the plate moved away without any visible agency, but the sound of licking continued. During the absence of the men on one Sunday, they found the door of the hut pulled down, and the contents of their dwelling brought out- side, and left there. The ghosts must have been somewhat muscular todo all this. The Burrangong-Argus is responsible for this story. The, Prize Land Essay.-We understand, B&ys.tthe; Wagga Wagga Advertiser, that the essays on the land question turn out to be more numerous than was at first supposed. Mr. Macleay, to whose charge they were sent, sorted and numbered them carefully, and then distri- buted them amongst his colleagues, each taking nine. Considerable progress has been made with the essays, many of which, Mr. Macleay states, are very able and exhaustive papers, and the award may probably be looked for in about a fortnight or three weeks. [The Wagga Ad- vertiser had announced a gift as the reward for the best competitive essay.] Death from Giving Poison in Mistake. -A Beechworth journal says:-"It will be remembered that a person of the name of Lea died a short time past in the Beechworth Hos- pital from the effects of a dose of laudanum given to him by O'Brien, one of the warders, in mistake,, it waa said, for a black draught. An inquest was .held, and, from the blame attached to O'Brien, he was dismissed. Since that time, however, the Attorney-General has issued a warrant for his apprehension, and he was taken in custody at Chiltern, and remanded to Beech- worth. The probability is that he will be committed for manslaughter." .Heavy Rain at Hay.-On Monday even- ing we had one of the heaviest falls of rain we have had for many months. I am not in a position to state exactly what quantity of rain fell, but can only say it has filled $11 the crab- holes,' and made the roads tremendously heavy . To-day Cobb's coach was unavoidably late, in consequence of the soft nature of the tracks. The river íb rising fast, and there is every pros- pect'of a'good time for the steamers.-July 7. -Pastoral Times. The Northern Camels.-The Burra cor- respondent of the Northern Argus (South Aus- tralia) makes the annexed serious charges agaiñártthe ships of the desert. He says that lately, " as the Eastern Plains mail was pro- ceeding to Paratoo, two camels were met, and they so frightened the horses attached to the velnclethat they instantly bolted, and, running into a creek, capsized the coach, smashing the topi but fortunately doing no further damage, as the passengers escaped with a good shaking. MrrCabley, the driver, in spite of a very awk- ward tumble, managed to stick to his reins, and soon disengaged the entangled horses. I hear there are fully 20 camels rambling about the | country, apparently without owners. These awkward-looking animals of the desert are frightening aDd scattering people's horses in clivers directions ; they are evidently becoming quite common in South Australia when so many are permitted to roam at large." Small-pox in Melbourne.-A further re- port from the Chief Medical Officer'on the sub- ject of small-pox (says the Age) was laid on the table of the House last night by the Hon. Mr. M'Culloch. It states that since the 6th of April last two undoubted cases of variola and several cases of vesicular diseases of doubtful character have occurred, but that with the exception of the case at Palmerston-place, Carlton, no in- stance of true variola had been reported since the setting in of the heavy rains. Thus, it would appear that, unless some slight unreported cases exist, the disease has in all probability been extinguished. The report goes on to urge the amendment of the Public Health Act, so as to render the reporting of all cases of contagious diseases compulsory upon any person knowing of their existence. The necessity of more stringent regulations is also referred to as being imminent, in consequence of the arrival of ves- sels from ports where contagious diseases are at present raging. , Accident to Mr. George Breillat. About 5 p.m. yesterday, an accident of a serious nature befel Mr. George Breillat. As he was leaving the flour mill at the foot of Margaret-street, the horse he was riding became restive, and Mr. Breillat fell off, his head strik- ing the kerbstone, causing fracture of the skull. He was attended immediately by Dr. Cox, who prevented his removal last night to his resi- dence, the injuries being too severe. The un- fortunate gentleman was assisted to the house adjoining the mill by Mr. Henry Hext, who saw the accident.-Herald, July 17. The champion of the New Zealand turf, the celebrated Manuka, who is entered for the Syd- ney Metropolitan and Melbourne Cup, had a narrow escape from burning while located at the stables of his owner, Mr. H. Redwood, jun., of Hednesford, Waimea West, New Zealand. It appears that on the night of the 19th June, a fire broke out-in the loft a^ove the boxes, and it was not until the flames reached the sleeping apartment of the ostler, that the alarm was given, when the man in charge, who had his face, hair, and whiskers burnt, succeeded in releasing Manuka, and several other thoroughbreds from the stable, which, however, was quickly devoured by the flames, Mr. Redwood incurring a loss thereby of between £200 and £300.-Melbourne Argus, July 9. The following strange story appears in the Ballarat Star : — " It will be remembered that some time ago an hotel at Cambrian-hill was burnt to the ground, and that a body was found burnt to a cinder amongst the embers, said to be that of the landlord who had gone into the flames to save some property. The landlord, John Brown, was the last of a group who had in the early days of the gold-fields gambled to- gether. One associate was the notorious Searle, of the Piggoreet murder, and of two others, one drowned himself, and the other poisoned him- self. The jury found a verdict of 'burnt to death ' in the case of the landlord, stating their belief that the body was his, and 'acci- dentally set fire to ' in that of the hotel. A rumour, which appears to have some founda- tion, is now afloat, which hints at a fright- ful tragedy having been glossed over acci- dentally by the jury, as it is now said that the charred skeleton was not that of the landlord of the hotel, but that of an unfortunate man whom he had murdered for the purpose of obtaining possession of £350 which the man had upon him. It is asserted that while, to all appear- ance, it was thought the landlord of the hotel was the man burnt, the skeleton was that of his victim, and that he having got clear away, left the country for New Zealand shortly after the occurrence, and that he went to Europe or America. It will doubtless be remembered that the fire took place at night, and was sup- posed to have originated from a large fire that the landlord had allowed to remain lighted on going to bed; and that Ellen Clarke, the bar- maid, who gave evidence, saw him rush into the flames. It is said that some man who was a boarder at the hotel has, at least, expressed his intention of making an affidavit, or swearing an information, according to the tenor of the rumour we have stated." SHOCKING MURDER AT DELORAINE, TAS- MANIA. — A man named Patrick Kieley, a ploughman in the service of Mr. A F. Rooke, deliberately cut his wife's throat, at their resi- dence in Deloraine, on Wednesday night. The murderer then proceeded to the residence of a neighbour named Buckley, washed the blood from his hands, and then gave himself up to the police, stating that he committed the murder on account of jealousy, having on his return home one day about a week previous found a man named Clarke, of Paddy's Scrub, in the house with his wife. It appears that Kieley formerly lived at Piper's River, but left his wife there and took up with another woman. Subsequently, through the medium of the priest, Kieley left the woman, was reconciled to his wife, and they lived together peaceably for two years, until last week, when after finding the man in the house with his wife, he applied to the police to know whether he could charge her with bigamy, as he alleged that she had been married to some other man while he was separated from her. No action was taken by the police in the matter, and he then took the law into his own hands, and deliberately murdered the unfortunate woman. — Cornwall Chronicle, July 9. — [Kieley or Coilley has since been committed for trial.] Attacked by a Kangaroo.-The Wallaroo Times (South Australia), has the following : " The following instance of an attack made upon a human being by a kangaroo is, we believe, almost unexampled : During the present week a son of Mr. Geo. Wood, of Green's Plains, whilst out, saw a very large old man kangaroo, which allowed him to go so near to it that he pelted it with a stone. Instead of running away the kangaroo made a rush at the boy, tearing his nose and mouth frightfully, and also rip- ping up his clothes. Fortunately a dog came up and attacked the brute, thus allowing the boy, who it is thought probable would have been killed, to escape. An hour afterwards Mr. Wood happened to be passing, and seeing the fresh tracks followed them until he came to the kangaroo, which sat up and faced him. Finding that it would not be driven away he went home, a distance of two miles, for his gun, and on his return found the marsupial awaiting him. A charge of buckshot decided the business, and the old man when killed was found to measure over seven feet in length. Surely kangaroos are becoming either very numerous or daring on Green's Plains." Valuable copper deposits have been discovered in the neighbourhood of Rockhampton. The indications of copper at Broadhead are also favourably reported upon. The stables attached to Mrs. Hurley's Royal Hostel, Burrowa, narrowly escaped destruction by .fire on Saturday last. Some person, it is thought, ignited the hay in the loft ; but as it was seen in time, and there was only a small quantity of hay, the fire was extinguished before any great damage was done. The cattle stealers about Yass seem to stand no nonsense in pursuit of their virtuous calling. A person who had lost a beast went to a place where he expected it to be, and found a fellow in the act of hoisting it on to a gallows, assisted by a woman, who amiably called out to her male friend to shoot the curious owner of the beef they were manipulating. A shot was fired, and the unfortunate loser retreated, fol- lowed by the woman with an axe, to " do for him." He got away, and the woman and her assistant have since been arrested. Accident.-On Wednesday evening about sundown, a child, three years old, belonging to Mr Dogherty, of Tirranna, was running about playing in front of the house, and unfortunately went too close to a horse that was grazing close at hand, when suddenly the animal struck out with its near hind leg, and caught the child a fearful blow in the face, rendering the imme- diate attendance of the doctor of the utmost importance. The child at the present time is in a serious condition, and it requires the great- est caTe and attention on the part of the medical gentleman to avert fatal results- Southern Argus, July 16. A complaint has been made of new books being exposed for sale, uncut, at about half price. These are in most cases sent for review. The immense number of books thus supplied to the secondhand booksellers, who do not always trade according to their appellation, would surprise the uninitiated. ' The sale of the books sent to a well-known literary periodical brings in more than £1000 a year. Those sent to the Times must be more valuable still ; and this on the i doubtful chance of getting the book reviewed the chances being perhaps 999 to 1 against a review. But then if the Times does review a book it is sure to sell. As an instance of the value of a review in the leading journal, an authoress agreed to receive 6o much for the copyright of her last novel, and £100 more if it was reviewed in the limes. It was reviewed in that journal, and the extra £100 was cheerfully paid. 