Hjto ami THE PHANTOM BRIDGE. FFrom Harper's New Monthly Magazine. I When my brother Hadley was about twelve years old—I do not remember his age exactly, but I know he was but a little fellow and not used to be trusted with the team—he was sent one day, on account of the sickness of our man Barnabas, to fetch home the grist from the milL It was in March, I remember the day per fectly, rough, chilly, with scudding clouds and a prospect of rain. There were still some patches of snow on the noitli sides of the hills and in other shady places; but in the valleys and on sunny slopes the ground, all soaking wet, was beginning to show green. The streams—"runs" as we called them— filled all the hollows with their pleasant noise, as they rippled over the loose stones along their beds; and I am not sure but here and there a violet showed its blue eyes from under the shelter of some dead leaf. The spring was in the air, but the winter was not out of the ground. A few warm days, or a beating shower or two would break up and drive out the last frost, and stiffen up the young blades of the wheat into spears of rustling vigorous strength. "How be careful, Hadley," says I, when I saw him mounted on the cross-board behind the gay young horses. "Careful!" cries Barnabas, who stood drawing a rheumatic knee up into his double hands as he leaned against the well-curb; " he couldn't get hurt if he was to try, sis; so never do you fear!" Then Hadley gathered up the reins, and i with his lash-whip stuck under his arm like J a man, drove away, smiling back across his shoulder at me. " What if the horses should run away," I said, catching at the hand of Barnabas, as, alippiiig off the edge of the well-curb, he was hobbling into the house. ! " Oh, you girls have allers got some botheration or 'notber into your heads!" he said, without looking at me; and, stealing to my chamber, 1 stood on tip-toe atthe "window overlooking the road, till the high heads of the young bays were no longer visible. But the cross answer of Barnabas did not make my fears any the less that I know of.. The distance from our house to the mill was fifteen miles; and so, supposing the grist to be ready, and in all ways economizing the time to the very best advantage, it could not be reasonably presumed that Hadley would return home until after dark, for it was now after 9 o'clock, and thirty miles of miry and hilly road, allowing for rest and refresh ment, were not to be gotton over any sooner. 1 watched the clouds flying wilder and wilder, and crowding two or three into one, till all their ragged grey edges grew solid and black, and the streaks and patches of blue between them shrunk back and up until there seemed an immense distance between the clonds and the sky. "It's going to rain;" I said to one and another, in the hope that somebody wonld contradict me, but nobody did; and going out of the house I seated myself on the bench among the bee-hives, where there was no obstruction to my view, and watched the sky at all points. The very wind seemed damp with the coming rain, and flapped against me where I sat like a wet sheet; and now for a moment a bright spot of sunshine lay at my feet, and now a great black shadow dropped upon it and put it out. The bees lay in brown ridges about their hives, but did not fly abroad much, and the barn-yard cocks surrendered much of their accustomed ostentation, picked about quietly and with one eye askance at the sky. Within the space of an hour—and, ah me! how one little hour may stretch itself out sometimes—all the north-east became one mountainous mass of blue-black, through which the quick lightnings shot up and down and athwart like nothing else but lightning; for what has the eye seen or the imagination conceived that is more terrible? Then, all at once, the winds left their damp flapping and blew almost a hurricane, and within twenty minutes only a hand's breadth of blue showed itself in all the sky. The ridge of bees about the hive began to stir and heave like a serpent rousing from winter torpor, and to lengthen itself out and get itself into the hive with a vast deal of hummed and rumbled discontent; the cocks flapped their wings and with shrill calls drew their feathered dames about them, and, with an air of wonderfully-superior wisdom, led the way to the nearest shelter. Directly the barn-door swung to with a crash that sent the splinters flying in all directions, and then came a sharp rattle that startled one like the crushing together of the sky, and all in a white blinding sheet dashed down the rain. I was wet through and through before I could reach the house, and yet I ran with all my might. "What if the rain should raise the creek so that Hadley could not cross?" I said timidly to Barnabas, in the hope of getting some comfort, for the thunder and lightning added terror to the fears I had previously ex perienced. "What if it should?" answered Barnabas gruffly. "I reckon the horses can swim; but you girls have allers got something 'nother into your heads!" And he gave the rheumatic knee a rough shake, as though he I got some pleasure out of the additional pain. I need not linger over the day, nor tell in ! detail all its sufferings. Suffice it to say that; I kept fast, simply because it was impossible for me to do otherwise, and that the dull i aching in my bosom made it seem as if 1 had a stone there rather than a heart. The creeks would be impassable, that was \ certain, and if night should fall before Had ley set out for home, and it needs must, what j would become of him? I saw the horses ; parted from the wagon and floundering down ! the stream, and Hadley struggling among the wet bags of flour, and going down too; and, after this, strange men coming with frigh tened faces to tell the news. At sunset, though the thunder growled it self down into silence, and though the rain j had abated from its first wild dash, there was yet no prospect of a clearing off, and even j the runs that crossed the meadows were j swollen into rivers almost, and every grassy j I hollow in the door-yard was like a cistern running over. The candles were lighted half an hour 1 before the usual time, for the darkness be came dense almost at once after sunset, and, although no apprehension was expressed, a I good deal of suppressed uneasiness evidently pervaded the household. Barnabas affected to consider the storm as rather a good joke. " It's bad onto my rheu matis," he said, " but it's moughty nice for young ducks!" He laughed more than com mon, and hobbled about as though he were cheerfully busy, when, in fact, he was doing nothing at alL He shouldn't begin to look for Hadley before 9 o'clock, he said, and if he should not get home before midnight, it would not make him oneasy—not a bit! Hadley knowed the road, and the critters i I knowed it too, and with the stable afore 'em j they'd swim fast enough, he'd warrant it! All this talk had precisely the opposite effect from the one intended, for there was no end ■ of the perils he suggested that he was not in the least afeard of. And every now and then he would interlard some sentence of cheer with the dubious exclamation, "I wisht I had sot off myself airly this morning, rheu matis and all!" j And the rain fell on and on, and the dark ness lay deep over everything, and nothing I was to be heard but the noise of the rushing ' I waters and the soughing of the winds, for it ( was noticeable that not one of all the teams that had passed along the road in the morn ing was returning now. At last Barnabas was forced to admit that j somethin' or 'nother must be up ! And with j the collar of his great-coat turned up over J his head, hobbled out to hear what he could hear, for he could not see anything. In answer to my look of anxiety when he returned he said, "I hain't been a listenin'. I just sot open the gate, that's all." After this there was silence for nearly an hour, and then Barnabas, buttoning his coat and tying bis pocket-handkerchief about his knee, went out again, and by-and-by came back looking | drenched and solemn, and having heard only the rushing of the winds and the waters. Suspense now became terrible, and the danger was admitted on all sides, but there was nothing to do but wait. Barnabas told us frankly that one of the critters was mongbty skeery, and t'other none of the steadiest, and as for swimming, he I didn't believe that nutber nv 'em knowed any more about it than the yearliu' calf in the stable. Saying at last, "The only hope is that Hadley has staid into the mill, and hasn't sot out for to drive them skeery critters at all, 'cause if he has, he mought just as well have driv straight into his grave." Ten o'clock came, and eleven; and Barna bas bad told all the frightful stories be knew of sudden and terrible deaths, and somehow nearly all the stories were in some way con nected with horses—how they had run away tearing wagons to pieces and breaking the! necks of their drivers; how they had got drowned with their masters; and how they | had fallen over dreadful precipices and crushed their riders under them; and how he had knowed one splendid critter to be struck by thunder and kick his owner to death, and that no such clap as we had had the day past nuther! "Oh, Barnabas!" I cried, "for mercy's sake " I got no further, for a strange dull thump or bump against the door arrested me, and before .one could exclaim " What is it?" it was two or three times repeated. " It's Had ley sot crazy!" says Barnabas, " and bobbin' his bead agin the door." And hurrying for ward as he spoke, he lifted the latch and set wide the door. But no Hadley was there, and no sign of Hadley, but in place of him a bigbrindle dog with a head like a lion's, and all his shaggy coat bedraggled with wet and mud. "His tongue was lolling, and he breathed hard and fast, and then, springing over the steps, stood with his fore-paws on the carpet wag ging his tail and making little quick barks, just for all the world as though he had some thing to tell if he could only tell it. _ " One thing's certain," says Barnabas, caressing the crop ears of the great palpitating creature, "he's an omien, other of good or evil, and Uadley's one side or totner of Jordan's I stormy banks, and I'm moughty doubtful if it taint the tother side." Bridget made haste to set meat before this curious guest, but ex citememt would not permit him to eat, and, 1 now galloping out into the storm, and now \ back, he kept up a series of little short - barks, wagging his tail the while as though , he had thebest of news. Nevertheless Bridget said, with the tears running down her red nose, " It's dith the crather foreshaders, or ilse he'd ate mate, for the body of him is as holler as my ould shoe, and he'd a right to ate hut for throuble." At this moment John Hammerson, the black- j smith, who lived half a mile beyond the creek of which we had the most dread, appeared at the door, his pale frightened face telling in advance that he was the hearer of sad news. " And so the lad hasn't got here?" were Ins first words, as, resionghis hands on either side of the door-frame he peered about the room. "Then," he added, "I'mafeardhe never will." He then went on to tell us that about two hours after sunset, it being then as dark as pitch, Hadley appeared at the door of his smithy, and enquired whether the bridge over Deer Creek was yet standing, and, on being told that it was, rode forward at a smart trot. " He was riding Whitefoot, and i without a saddle," Mr. Hammerson went on; " and I could hear him plash plash through the mud and mire for five minutes, and while ; I was kind o' listenin', and kind o' wonderin' why the boy had left his wagon at the mill, and kind o' wishin' that I'd asked him some thin' about it, and wonderin' to myself why I hadn't been more inquisitive like, there comes a dull crashin' sort of a sound like a tree fallin' when its top's full o' leaves, a kind of a whish like; and my wife she comes a runnin' in, her face as white as a sheet, and says she, ' Dan'l, the Deer Creek Bridge is gone. Didn't you hear that whish?' says she; and then she says, * Whoever that is a-trottin' down the hill he'll ride right off the pier, ten to one, and its forty feet from there to the bottom of the creek.' Then I told her who it was that had just rid by. * O Lord a-mercy!' she cries, and Ml in a minute she gets the lighted lantern into my hand, and says she, ' Dan'l, run for your life, or for his'n rather; for you can't see your hand afore you, and ten to one that boy'll ride right off the pier into the bilin' waters, and its forty feet down, if it's one.' "With that I took the lantern and run with all my might, and when I got on to the rise I took breath a minute and listened, and I could still hear Whitefoot plash! plash! away along that stony slope toward the bridge, and as nigh as I could calc'late not twenty rod from it. Then I began to hellow with all my might, and to click it ahead, though the road was under water in places knee-deep, and all airth and heaven, savin' when the tongue of the lightnin' shot out o' some cloud, was as black as my hatband. " ' Hellow the bridge! O hellow the bridge 1' I shouted and shouted, and all at once I found the water was up to my waist, and a roarin' like mad. I was off the road, but I soon got it agin and went forad a little, and stopt and listened a bit, but I couldn't hear Whitefoot no more, and there come a flash o' lightnin', and there was the piers a stickin' up, and not a sign o' the bridge was to be seen—it had all slampt together, no doubt, in that whish that we had heard, my wife and me." He stopped and wiped the cold sweat-drops from his forehead, and the great dog that he had thrust back to make room for himself pushed his round head and crop ears between his legs, wagging his tail and repeating the same little joyous barks*as before. "Get out, you evil-omiened crither," says Bridget. " I was the first to say that dog was a bad omien," cries Barnabas, fearful lest his pro phetic wisdom be jeopardized. The dog did get out as he was bidden; and having run a little way towards the gate, came dashing back almost wild with excite ment, turning his head quickly one way and the other, as though he said, "You shall see for yourselves presently that things are not so bad." And, sure enough, plash, plash, through the pools of water that stood, in the grassy hollow-s of the door-yard, came some one riding steadily nearer and nearer. " Whoa!" says the well-known voice; and there, turned squarely to the light of the open door, was the starred forehead of Whitefoot, and bend ing eagerly toward us over the high head, and twisting his fingers in the long wet mane, was Hadley himself, his eyes full of happy cheer, and all his face fresh and glowing like a rose in the dew. The strange dog was already standing on his hind legs, and Hadley no sooner slipped from the bare back of the horse to the ground than he had his fore- paws on his shoulders, and was hugging him like a good fellow. "Be's ye a ghost, buy, or a livin' cray tlier?" cries Bridget, catching at the elbow of Barnabas, and partly shielding herself behind him. Hammerson, the blacksmith, stood dumb founded, as if liis own sledge-hammer had fallen upon him, and evidently not as yet fully believing the evidence of his own senses. " It's meself jist, Bridget, and nary a ghost at all at all!" cries Hadley, imitating the girl's dialect as he freed himself from the embraces of the dog, and, coming forward, stood in the midst of the wonder-struck group. "It's the buy," says Bridget, "afnd no mistkake; but, darlint, ye had a right to be drownded, shure, an' till us how ye got over the ould bridge whin it was swipt away—for that's the winder wid us." "The bridge isn't swept away as I know of," says Hadley; "it wasn't anyhow an hour ago, for I rode over it, and here I am to prove it." " Rode over the bridge!" cries Hammer son; "the Deer Creek covered bridge, and that an hour ago? Your mistaken, my son, or else this is a ghost after all, 'cause there wasn't no bridge there at that time. Don't you mind what time you stopped at my shop?" " Yes," says Hadley; "what of it?" "Why, this of it; that bridge washed away five minutes after you rid from my door. We heard the tchish of it, both of us —my wife and me—and I follered right on after you, in sound of your critters hoof strokes all the time, aud one of his shoes is loose, I can tell you, and ort to be resot. Well, I could hear lnm plain as could be, specially along that stony piece o' ground just totker side o' where the bridge was." "Bridge was!" echoed Hadley almost scornfully; "what do you mean Mr. Ham merson?" "Mean, boy? 1 mean that you're crazy, or that taint you, or somtin notlier. That bridge whisht away, and my wife and me both beard it, not more'n than five minutes after you rid from my door; and I follered on, and was nearly cotched up with you when you must have rid off the pier. Good Lord, boy, didn't you hear me a-bellowin' ?" "Was that you bellowing behind me like a mad bull ?" says Hadley. " I thought it was some crazy mau. Good gracious! what did you want ?" " To keep you from ridin' off the pier, to he sure; but it seems I couldn't, for you must have soused in head fust. Lord bless me! I shouldn't 'a thought your critter'd ever ariz, nor you nuther! Did you go clean to the bottom ? That are loose shoe must 'a got knocked completely off, if you did." And the blacksmith had one of the forelegs of Whitefoot between bis knees by this time, and was twisting at the loose shoe with a will. " What does all this mean ?" asks Hadley, turning from one of us to another with a face changing from good-natured curiosity to almost angry surprise. " Well, it's a moughty quar story you've made betwixt you," says Barnabas; "and thar can't be full truth onto both sides; other one of you's wrong, and tother's right, or one of you is right and tother's wrong— thar's about whar 'tis; for he says," pointing to Hadley, " be rid over the bridge onto his critter, and the bridge was thar, as it follers logical; and he says," pointing to the black smith, "the bridge wlnsht away afore he got tow it, and he soused in head fust, as it follers logical, he must of, allowin'the bridge wasn't mar. How thar's whar 'tis, and agreeable to my idees you've got things moughty promixuous betwixt you." Then, giving the lame knee, that had evi dently given him a twinge, a knock, he added, " But whar did you come across that are "big vaimiot! lie looks like a grizzly bear a'most." Then Hadley went back to the morning recapitulating all the events of the day, with many of which our story -has nothing to do, and we will therefore pass them in silence, compressing what is pertinent into as short a compass as may be. The miller had not ful filled.-his promise, and thegrist was not ready till after nightfall, when the darkness being so dense, and the waters so high,' it was thought best for him to leave grist and wagon at the mill together, and ride home Whitefoot, the gentler of the two horses, . rather than wait for daylight and the sub siding of the waters. With an empty meal-bag laid on for a saddle, and strapped under his horse's belly, and a blind bridle on his head, he set out, stopping from time to time to enquire whether the bridges were yet safe, and so without accident reached the blacksmith's, within half a mile of the Deer Creek bridge, and then halted oa.ee more, to make assu rance doubly sure. '' The water isn't within half a foot of the planks yet," the blacksmith had said, " and them pillers is as solid as the , foundations of the airth. Never fear, my son, never fear! but just give Whitefoot the rein, and he'll carry you safe enough. But mind you don't try for to guide him onto the bridge—the nonsense of a brute cretur is safer than the sense of a man, other things bein' onequaL " This was the blacksmith's last counsel, and finding his horse already over fetlock in water, and judging by the frequent striking of his hoofs against the stones that he was come upon the ground sloping toward the bed of the creek, he dropped the rein, and winding the mane about ms hands, so as to hold fast in case the horse should miss the bridge and the worst come to the worst, he leaned down, so as almost to embrace the high sturdy neck, shut his eyes, and waited. Directly, he said, " I concluded we were on the bridge, because the stones had ceased ringing under my horse's feet, and because he was evidently treading on wood; but if the water had not been up to the planks when 1 halted at the blacksmith's, it was most assuredly over them now, for my horse was wading through it up to his knees, as I judged by the way it splashed over my bare feet now and then. But mercy! that bridge was never half so long before, and though I dug my knees into the sides of my horse, and flapped my elbows against his neck with all my might, 1 could not make him step one jot the faster, and if he had been walking on a rope he couldn't have balanced himself more slowly and carefully. Then I thought, hut maybe it was only fear, that I felt a swaying as if everything was going, and I could feel, or I seemed to feel, Whitefoot all of a tremble. " But the strangest part is to come," Had ley went on, " and I know I must have been deceived about it all some way. Just as I felt the first stones under foot again, and began to relax my grasp, for I had clung; to my horse before as for life, something frightened him; he gave a qnick spring, and the first I knew he was from under me, and the water working me down stream with a vengeance. I caught at something, and as I held there came a great flash of lightning, and I couldn't see the bridge anywhere, and I seemed to be holding to one of the naked piers." "Andthat's what you was a-doin'," says the blacksmith, "'cause there wasn't no bridge there. Didn't my wife and me hear it whish away five minutes after you rid ahead, and didn't I foller on as fast as I could, and didn't I see with my own eyes the bare piers a-standing up and no bridge onto 'urn? There's no use o' your tellin' me—you crossed a phantom bridge if you crossed any thing, 'cause you must of." "Phantom nonsensecries Hadley; I know, whatever seemed, that I must have crossed the bridge, for there I was across, and Whitefoot certainly didn't walk on the air; and I didn't cross the bridge after that neither, and here I am, as you see." "Well, you have got a moughty pro inixuous story betwixt you," reiterated Bar nabas; "butwhar was the toll-man all the while? He can settle it, I reckon." Then it came out that Hadley had not seen the toll-man, nor thought about him till that minute—a fact that considerably favoured the blacksmith's assertion that no bridge was there. After a good deal more talk on both sides, which need not be repeated, it was agreed between the blacksmith and Barnabas that the former should remain till daylight, and that the two should then set out for the " debatable ground" in company, and settle the question once for all. And this being done, the talk got back to the strange dog again. "Whardidyou pick him up?" says Bar nabas. "Come har, you beautifid old grizzly, and let a body heft ye." . Part of this speech was addressed to Had ley, and part to the strange dog, as the reader perhaps understands. "OhJ I was going to tell you," says Hadley, " I saw by that flash of lightning which way to turn, and I floundered out as fast as possible; but of course the darkness closed up again in a minute, and how was I to find Whitefoot? that was the question. I poked about this way and that, every now and then coming back to the same place for half an hour, 1 should think, and calling, ' Whitey, Whitey,' over and over; but he made no answer, as he will when 1 call liim from the meadow. 'He has doubtless galloped home in his fright,' I said, 'and I shall find him at the gate.' So I walked on as fast as 1 could for two or three minutes, when the lively cheerful barking of a dog attracted^ny atten tion, and the next flash of lightning showed me Whitefoot standing square before me in the road, and this great dog sitting upright before him, and holding the bridle-rein in his mouth. I patted his big head, for I felt grateful enough you may be sure, and mounted and rode away, not expecting to see any more of Ixirn; but the first gleam of lightning that showed me the road showed him too, trotting just ahead, aud looking be hind as if to make sure I was coming." " That he should a been sot apart to ketch your horse," says Barnabas "seems pro vidence; but that the horse should a got away, leavin' 3rou in the dark, seems impro vidence ; and then how did the critter know wkar to stop at? Tiiar's a metaphysical question that bothers me awful." "Well, there was one thing," interposed the blacksmith, '' that 'peared to me onac countable; but now I see the accountability of it, and that was, how I should a got here fust, for you see, when 1 found the bridge was gone, I took horse, rid two miles to the northerd, and crossed the ole free bridge, and still got here half an hour forad o' the boy." " So you didn't come over the Deer Creek bridge," says Hadley, shaking with laughter. " No; I couldn't of—'cause twasn't there." •But we will record no more of the idle dis putation. The tired horse was stabled, the dog was hospitably kennelled in a bed of dry fresh straw, the fire kept up, and the little party, forming a half circle about the hearth, sat till daybreak exchanging stories of hair breadth escapes, of deaths and dungeons, and ghosts and goblins, aud whatever things were frightful; when, as agreed, the smith and Barnabas rode away together in order to as certain the truth about the bridge. "I told you so," cries the blacksmith, when they had gained the rising ground over looking the now subsiding waters; and sure enough, there stood up the naked piers, but the bridge itself was completely swept away, except indeed one heavy oak beam, which being perhaps better mortised than the others, remained on the crumbling founda tions, still forming a pathway of about a foot in width from bank to bank. Whitefoot, to the surprise of his rider, | began now to manifest signs of terror, and j directly, being urged forward, snorted, reared, i and plunged in the most strange and bewil ■ dering fashion. I It was soon found impossible to get him I forward, either with spur or whip, and | dismounting, Barnabas kindly coaxed and : petted him, after which he suffered himself ; to be reluctantly pulled along by the utmost elongation of head and neck, the sweat-drops literally running down his sides, and his four strong legs a-tremble. The waters were a good deal down, and all along the sands sloping up to the beam lay the tracks of "Whitefoot, in a direct line, the loose and askew shoe making, the identification com* ~ plete. 13iere theywere, comingetraight down from that narrowbeam, "God bless me!" cries the blacksmith, "the critter's walked over it as sore as yon are born." And, springing on to the beam, there were the points of ihe horseshoes in dented all along the softened wood. "I could swear to 'em, for I made and sot them shoes myself." And sure enough, it was found by actual measurement that he was right. " Don't swear," says Barnabas, "notthar onto that high beam, with all them black waters a-hilin' under you—it's a clar case as 'tis." But the blacksmith would not be satis fied till, having crawled on his belly all the length of the beam, he found the horseshoe prints clear across, and coming straight up to it through the sands the other tide. Whitefoot obtained quite a celebrity oil account of this achievement, and not a boy of the neighbourhood that didnot think it a privilege to mount his back, with just a meal bag for a saddle, picturing, doubtless, the unsteady footing of the beam, and all the turbid tumbling waters to be under him, in the place of the safe and comfortable meadow grass, and thus masking a fearful 3°y The good faithful creature lived and died on the farm, and never had his feelings once harrowed again by a sight of the perilous pass, or even by being driven over the new bridge when it took the place of the old one; that, past all doubt, was "whisht?' every part, just as the blacksmith and his wife supposed. Barnabas always insisted that he had said on his first appearance that the strange dog was a good omien; and Bridget —Heaven forgive the pretty falsehood!—in variably confirmed the hollow boast. " And sure you did, darlint," she'd say; "an' it was your sowl, sure, that behild it, for the crether looked like the owl scratch to meself, wid me poor common eyes." So, woman like, enhancing the flattery by disparaging herself. The dog, in compliment to Barnabas, was named Omen, and to this appellation he re sponded. with joyful alacrity for a number of years. But he touched the limit of his usefulness at last, and, as if unwilling to he 1 burdensome, laid himself down and died. 