KENT TOWN WESLEYA3S" JUBILEE CHURCH. As had been announced lor some time, Friday, September 10, was decided upon as the first day for special services in connection with the anni versary and reopening of Kent Town Wesleyan Church. The presence of the Bey. Wm. Taylor, the Californiaa Evangelist, in these colonies led to his being invited to take a prominent part in the proceedings the ? circumstance of his having officiated on the occasion of the opening services when he was here four ye^rs ago rendering this step peculiarly appropriate. Mr. Taylor accepted the invitation, as we have some time ago in timated; but as his engagements precluded a lengthened slay, it was arranged that he should pay a flying visit to Adelaide, and revisit the colony next year. Dir. Taylor leit Melbourne on Tuesday afternoon by the Claud Hamilton. On reaching Port Phillip Heads the vessel had to lie to till Wednesday morning- Only 4]r knots an hour were made tiil Cape Otway was-Teached, against strong head winds and tide. The rest of the passage was made at a fair average rate of speed, and the vessel was signalled in Ade laide a little before midday on Friday. It was feared that Mr. Taylor could hardly land in time to be present at the appointed hour for commencing the reopening sei vices-3 o'clock. This anticipation proved true. Shortly after that hour a large congregation-a great pro portion of it composed of lad'ie3-testified the general interest that was felt in the pro ceedings. On the platform were the Revs. W. L. Binks {President of the Conference), J. Lloyd, R. S. Oaselv, J. Lyall (Presbyterian), and J. L. Parsons (Baptist). Singing and prayer were engaged in tiil Mr. Taylor's arrival at half past 4, that gentleman having landed at the Sema phore, and been driven to the church without delay. Mr. Taylor, after receiving a hearty welcome from the assembled ministers, preached from Luke xi-13-" Jf ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your HeavenJy Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask H]m., He remarked that next tJ the gift of the tson was that of the Holy Ghost. God could give no greater gift than His Son, and people talked a good deal about this, but sot so much of the gift of the Holy Spirit. He was God's gift, to minister mercy to the soul, and as real a personality as the other Persons com posing the Triune Jehovah, and enabled sinners to submit themselves to God, and receive His pardon. The resurrection of the body was His . work. In one town in Soifth Africa where he preached, a revival took place, and in a short time he had the satisfaction of witnessing the conversion of 1,200 persons, who in turn assisted in the task of spreading the glad tidings of salvation, and inviting others to share in that baptism of the Spirit. What was greatly needed was the hearty and unanimous concurrence of the Church. In the building in which they were assembled they x^wefea<Sd^ra^M^^^1ra8teqmted&om.; all true Christiana: "He advisedihem to laytheir, little Rnefo and crosses -on "God, and teachtbem-1 'selves a lesson of i moranjdi. self-abnegation. During the periodhe'had beenjn mNew_Soutii Wales-three and ahalfmonths-he had latonred in 31 places, andhad bad the pleasure of seeing Ms efforts crowned. with success. Heathen re marked that <on;. looting round, the structure $n which they were gathered he saw iini tbey mmt, have worked :;hard and subscribed liberally in adding the commodious and lofty transept and other improvements in the church._ - , la the evening the spacious building was crowded Mr. Taylor chose as his test Romans, 3rd chap., 28th verse-" Therefore we conclude that a man is justified fay faith without the deeds of the law." With regard to justification, he said the simple scriptural definition of the term was "a. judicial decision of acquittal." Abraham-was? justified by faith when hie was about to offer up bis son^lsaac. If he had not had a tenacious, well developed. and trusting faith, which was adequate to the emergency, he would not have been justi fied, hut condemned in the sore trial to which he was subjected.. For his own part he lived by faith. He did not come to .them with any recommenda tion of self-righteousness or any other kind of righteousness, He reviewed several of the command ments, explaining their meaning and object,, and warned his hearers to guard against an infringe-' ment of them. This law entailed a perpetual obligation, and was perfectly reasonable. He. defined the act of faith to be "receiving Christ, which was true according to God's own showing. He objected to the ordinary definitions of faith, as being too involved. He preferred such a definition as could be understood by a child. Faith was adequate, but not coercive. There >as no faith without repentance, which was the awakening to a sense ef sin. What was required was sub mission with repentance, and a hearty concurrence with the will of God. He was justified 28 years ago, and felt a deep interest in all obtaining pardon. A prayer meeting, which was largely attended, was conducted at the close of the service by Mr. Taylor, The two collections realized in the aggregate £21 14s. 3d. CHBJBTIAN ADVENTURES IN SourH AFRICA. A lecture under the above title was delivered in the Town Hall on Saturday evening, September 11, by the Bev. William Taylor, of California, in aid of the funds of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church. The spacious Hall was filled, and 'the Hon. John Colton presided. After singing.and prayer, the Chairman said he occupied his position that evening with no ordinary pleasure, and before calling on the rev. gentleman to deliver his lecture he, on behalf of the meeting, would cordially welcome him back to South Australia. His 1 memory would be in the recollection of many as long as they lived, and he was satisfied that his labours would not be forgotten' while eternity lasted. Since Mr. Taylor was last amongst them I -about four years ago -he had been labouring in various parts of the world with great success, especially in South Africa, and he presumed he 1 intended to give them an epitome of his work there, lie had read the rev. gentleman's book on the subject, and it was of a most interesting nature. Mr. Taylor, who was received with great applause, remarked that for the last three months he had, been engaged in a prolonged series of special services in New South Wales, and felt the need of a little rest. He heard that he was wanted over here, and although that kind of rest might seem rather burdensome, yet, after their kind reception and welcome, be should feel himself quite at home, and endeavour to make it as easy as possible. By the way, that remarkable creature called John Bull was really a marvellous creature-a short of huge amphibious creature. The United Kingdom of Great Britain could repre sent the heart; f they wished to measure his feet they had to begin at Newfoundland, and perhaps go right across the American continent to Van couver's Island o find bis fore legs; and liis nostrils extended up towards the North Pole. He was not philosopher enough to say whether that extra ordinary phenomena they frequently observed in the northern heavens, called the aurora borealis was simply the snorting of this creature -^laughter) -the spray he threw up, the scintillations from his great nostrils, yet it wa3 in that region they found his nose. Along the continent of India they felt for his loins, and if they wanted to find his rump and hind legs they came here to Australia-the antipodes. (Laughter and applause.) He supposed this was the tail-end -the antipodes of the nose; no disrespect to New Zealand, as the tail was a very useful part of a creature like this. Then along Southern Africa they might find the large flank of the creature, and that was the country he intended to talk about. The rev. lecturer then, in order to make his audience familiar with the nature of the country, gave a geographical descrip-1 tion. of the British settlements in Southern Africa and KafFcana, and said the most I interesting subject for that occasion would! be a delineation of the Kaffir himself, and a state ment of the work of God amongst them. He then in a pleasing style of narrative, after having stated that the Kaffir, taking liim in the rough, withuut education, was superior in intelligence to the heathen of any other country, and was con sidered to possess a finer physical devolopment than the inhabitants of the British Isles, not excepting even the residents of the Highlands, stated that many of them possessed fine Jewish physiognomies, and their ceremonies, customs, and traditions in several respects were kindred to those of the Jews. As an illustration of their intelligence an anecdote was related of a converted Zulu Chief, who on being warned by a missionary against Dr. Colenso as one who was likely to shake bis faith in Christ, said " I have been acquainted with Jesus Christ for 13 years. I don't know Colenso, but I know Jesus, and I don't see how Colenso can shake my faith in him.9' On being told that he had shaken the faith of a great many strong men, the Chief said " I want you to tell me the strongest thing Bishop Colenso ever said against the Word of God.'" He was informed that the Bishop by mathematical demonstration had proved that from the dimen sions of the ark built by Noah, it could not by any possibi'ity have contained the animals it was said to have done. The Zulu replied,1 "If God Bhould commission me to build an ark and give me the same measurements he gave to Noah, and plenty of good timber, and 130 years to fulfil the contract, I warrant you I would make it big enough"-(laughter and applause)-and this was the way in which a Kaffir answered a question that Colenso perhaps had studied for a week. The Kaffirs had traditionary laws, which, perhaps, were as rigidly upheld as the written laws of any country, and illustrations were given of this in order to show the class of people the missionaries had to deal with. His mission there, he said, was a providential arrangement caused by the illness of his son, and he laboured for about seven months, the principal stations being Port Elizabeth, Graham's Town, and King William's Town, with great success amongst colonists and Kaffirs, preaching to the .latter through the medium of inteipreters, one of whom he mentioned translated his discourses in a clear and natural manner. At the close of one. of their services the names of 115 natives were given in as professing to have obtained forgivenness of sins. Daring the short time he was in the country 7,000 Kaffirs were converted, and the number had been greatly increased since, fie did not go there to learn the Kaffir language, but to study the Kaffir; and he demonstrated the feasibility of preaching by interpretation with even greater success than if he had understood the tongue. In conclusion. Mr. i'aylor sang, with great effect, a portion of the hymn "The Eden above." translated into Kaffir, and was loudly applauded on resuming his seat, his address having lasted rather more than two hours. On the motion of the fiev. Mr. Biuks, seconded by the Bev. Mr. Millard, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him, and, a similar compli ment to the Chair having been passed, the proceedings closed. On Sunday, September 12, cervices were con ducted-morning, afternoon, and evening-by the Kev. W. Taylor, in the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church, in connection with the anniversary and reopening of that edifice. There was an ex ceedingly large attendance in the morning; many of the congregation having evidently come in from the country. Mr. Taylor discoursed from St. John, 5th chap., and 39th verse-"Search the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life, and they are they which testify of rae," The Scriptures were, he said, a well-established fact, and by searching them they became acquainted with Christ. He recommended them to search Holy Writ God never left the world without light, which man, however, had frequently rebelled against. The preacher traced the history of man down to the flood; the incidents and biographical references contained in the Bible composing a chain of testimony conclusive of the literal accuracy of the Scriptures, fie drew a vivid picture of the passage of the Israelites over the Red Sea, and the protecting and ever watchful Providence which led- them in safety to the .desired land. God on that occasion gave a striking proof of His sovereignty and power, and His sympathy with man. His care and omnipo tence were displayed in many remarkable instances during that 40 years' journeying. The Bible afforded frequent illustrations of the way in which God proved to His people by convincing facts His supreme power. The writi -ga of Moses, Joshua, and David, aff >rded numerous instances of this. On Mount Sinai God revealed to MoseB, and through him to the children of Israel, phases of His moral character and the power with which He controlled the elements. The birth of Christ was the development of the promise that the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head. God's revelations ol Himself were embodied, not in the writings of any one historian, but in the Book of God as written by inspired writers. It required intelligence to be a Christian. On the basis of faith they could build their hope to share in the spiritual life-hereafter. Each man was told to) search the Scriptures himself to find evidence of their truth and Divine origin. They were ail-con vincing on account of the purity of the doctrines they taught and the force of their illustrations. The promise of Christ contained in the books of Moses was handed down from generation to gene ration as a royal line to the nativity of Jesus. He traced the kingly lineage of Christ from Adam downwards, and then referred briefly to a few of the wonderful prophetic announcements of the birth of the Messiah. In the afternoon' the _ commodious structure was crowded to suffocation, > all the standing room at the doors and in the aisles being occupied. Mr. Taylor delivered a discourse, which was announced to be more particularly directed to children, from Matthew, 21st chap, and the latter part of the sixteenth verse-"Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected prase." : He remarked that when Jesus of Nazareth ap I peared, there was no mistaking it that he was the long-promised Messiah. The people were afraid to If *3uidie^ spoke thuB fe J>awd's ^tunfi^and ^of it sbraed that i^childrenwould dl time. ,1MB was a logicaldedaction fronr the evidence. Then was a, weak prejudice: In the minds of many. Christaanparents -against the spiritual attainments of tbeur cWldfeni - Many a parent wouldsay to falfl child, who mightaak ifhe couldnotbecbmeaChiisfian, ^Myaon, youaretoo young yet." This would moat likely be the case if thechild did not exceed six or seven years of age. The exhibitionof pibusfeelingonihe part of a child revealed a beautiful trait and a noble instinct It was necessary to ^ascertain the ag^ of the babes and sucklings whouttered the memorable words in the text. Was the age 10 years! He did not reckon so. Whoever heard" of a 10-year-pld suckling} Was it "six years I He thought not.: He " would not like to nurse a six-year-old> baby. Was it an innocent little babe rest ing on . its mother'^ - bosom, opening its little mouth-and*crying 6ut,"flosanria to the Son of (Sod." JNo, it was notthat claBsof babes; no. they were between three and £ve years old, when they were nurseiy children. Sunday scholars were divided into three classes; the infant class, containing children tinder seven years ; the middle class, tip to 15; and the "first class, for those over IS years, Lord Brougham, after years of observa : lion, which he was accustomed lo give to things of importance, once said that a child learnt more of what was practical and essential during the first sixyears of its life than ever it did afterwards; He was of opinion that the early training of children was of such importance that if a child were sent to Sunday School at five years of age lie could tell where it would go.. It was absurd to say that there was no moral sensitiveness in little children. God's gracious design was revealed to Tm by children. The Apostles could not understand that as- they clung to the old Hebrew idea of a temporal sove reignty. They thought Christ would smash up the Koman legions, rebuild Solomon's temple, and reconstitute the kingdom; and they expected to be his prime ministers, and even quarrelled amongst themselves as to who sheuld be the highest. Children were often ' made the instruments of God's mercy. He recbmmended all present to ponder well on the words ofthe text. In the evening the building was crowded to excess in every part, 'ihe Rev. Mr. Taylor took for his text the Words of Christ, " All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto*men; but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost:shall not be forgiven unto men." (Matt. xiL 31) He pointed out in the first place the danger o! presumption on God's goodness and mercy, and then proceeded to expound the meaning of the solemn announce ment of the text. He did not consider that the ? blasphemy against the Holy Ghost consisted in any specific sinful word or act, the commission of which preluded mercy, but the words of the, Saviour were a warning to sinners to stop before it was too late. There was no soul which, might not-have been saved at one time or another. It was a steady, persistence in sin and in resistance of Christ which he understood to be the sin against the .Holy Ghost, for which there was no forgiveness,, because there remained no susceptibility for repentance; and he entreated his hearers to examine themselves to see that theyhad not arrived at that sad stage. It was a deteriora ting disease, as it were, going on in the sou), some of the evidences of which were a disposition to cavil, a tendency to scepticism, and to making ex cuses when salvation was proclaimed, and an in creasing indisposition for spiritual things. He could not define it, but there was a point beyond which if they went they were lost. In illustration of this the preacher related a thrilling incident of the escape of a vessel on the Niagara .River from a threatened destruction at the Falls, and the actual loss of a human, being who was dashed on the rocks belo w the Falls of Niagara, after immense effortsfor his rescue had been almost crowned with success. In conclusion, he said there were many in his pre sence who would never see the end of the coming summer, and urged them in earnest words to decide for God ere they reached that point at which all hope ol their salvation was lost. At the close of the service a prayer meeting was held, to which nearly the whole of the congtegatiou re mained. A collection was made at the end of each service, realizing a handsome amount in aid of the building fund. A tea and public meeting in connection with the anniversary and reopening services of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church took place on Monday evening, September 13. The attendance at the tea was luge. The building was crowded to excess at the public meeting later in the evening. The Bev. W. L. Rinks (President of the Conference and Chair man of the District) presided. The CHAIRMAN, in opening the proceedings, said he had great pleasure in welcoming the Rev. Wm. Taylor, of California, again in their midst. (Cheers.) As minii>ters it had been said that they were a little jealous of Mr. Taylor, but their hope was that they would be as successful and useful as that gentle man. It afforded him tbe greater t p.^asure to see a minister eminently successful in bringing the indifferent to a kaowledge of the truth, whether he was Methodist, Presbyterian, or any other sect. Perhaps they were A litue more attached to the Church with which they were con nected, but he was not blind to the fact that there was good mother Churches. (Hear, hear.) Re was glad this was the day of Church extension. Churches were being built- on the right hand and on the left throughout the colony, and he was glad to Bee these signs of progress. The enlargement of the Jubilee Church by the addition or the transept was a species of Church extension, but it was only Church extension of a material ldnd. They wanted with it Church exten sion of a spiritual kind. He called it Church extension, when a sinner was converted to God, and not when a member of one Church joined another, because that was merely change, not advancement. The trustees expected £500 to £600 as the Tesult of that day's gathering. Mr. M. KIKGSBOBOUGH read the trustees' report and financial statement. I'he first portion of the report had reference to a bazaar raised by the untiring exertions of the ladies, opened by Bis Excellency Sir James Fer gas son early in April last, and mention was made of the sympathy and kindness displayed in con nection therewith by His Excellency and lady Edith Fergusson; thanks the trustees, and also to the ladies, by whose unremitting exertions and untiring zeal the very handsome sum of upwards <if £fi()rt was realized in aid of the object for which the bazaar was contemplated. Further reference was made to several donations received during the past-year from friends- interested in the progress of that.Church, the very liberal sum of £200 recently received from Mr. and Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse being made special mention of. The report then went onto state that in consequence of the inability of the Church Stewards to meet the wants of the neighbourhood as regarded church accommoda tion, and also having in view the desirability of being in a position to afford suitable accommoda tion to the Btudents and others connected with tbe Prince Alfred College, the trustees regarded it as their duty to enlarge the Church, and, aftei due consideration, they decided to include the tran sept previously used as a schoolroom, and which was divided from the nave by the back wall of the original building. This work had been ably carried out by 'VIPBSTS. Hrown & Thompson, under the superintendence of the architects-Messrs. Wright, Woods, & Hamilton. The report then i went on to say: " The total outlay on account of the Church pre- 1 mises up to the present time amounts to £8,292. ! Of this amount the sum of £6,703 has been paid, ! leaving the existing liabilities as follows, viz. Amount on loan bearing interest at the rate of 8 percent, per annum, £1,000; amount due to the Church Loan Fond, and for which no interest is charged, £300; amount due the Bank, and balance due on the contract just completed, £289; total present debt on the Church, £1,589. "The liabilities reported at the last annual meet ing were £2,083. It will thus be seen that not withstanding the outlay on the work before mentioned, amounting to £546, the trustees have been enabled, through the liberality displayed during the year, to reduce the debt by £491, and makine, together with other payments, the sum of £1,363 pud in connection with this building during the year that is past "The trustees would here mention that since tbe first opening of this place of worship-a period of four years-the sum of £1,633 has been sub scribed by the Church and congregation towards the Ministerial Scho l and other funds connected with the Church, the details of which are as follows, viz.-Amount raised in support of the ministry, £1,149; amount raised for school pur poses, £140; amount raised in support of missions, £294; other connexional funds, £80; together, £l,G63. This, with the sum previously mentioned as having been paid on the church building account, gives a grand total of £8,366, subscribed in various ways towards the construction and for tbe support of this place of worship. "Besides the amount now due to the Bank, and the balance to be paid on the recently completed contract the sum of £'00 is required in discharge of a part of the Church l»an Fund, making together £389, which has now to be provided. The trustees have therefore to - solicit the aid and assistance of this meeting in their endeavours to meet this present demand, and they have further earnestly to urge upon you the desirability of reducing the amount due on the loan account, the interest payable being a serious drain upon the Trust Funds. " It is exceedingly gratifying to observe the marked progress marie in the Sabbath-school con nected with this Church, SB evidenced by the material increase in the number of scholars, now 278, under the charge of 40 teachers and officers. I "The trustees, having long seen the necessity of providing vestries for the use of the ministers and the various clasBeB of the Church, have decided at once to build font rooms adjoining the transept, and thus far to carry out the original design of the architects. It is also very desirable to erect a large detached room to meet the rapidly-increasing demands of the Sabbath-school, and to enable the teachers to carry on their important religious duties. The carrying out of these really necessary additions, together with the entire completion of the transept, comprising the tower and other out side work, will, of course, entail increased liabili ties estimated at £2,300. The trustees have, therefore, further to solicit your kind and con tinued co-operation and assistance in raising tbe funds required for this large and important under taking, and they are encouraged from past ?experience to believe that their present call for help will meet from you a hearty and practical response. "To the Omnipotent Dispenser of all good things, and to those who have aided them in the past, the trustees we exceedingly grateful. "The trustees cannot conclude this report I without heartily congratulating this Church and congregation upon having secured the very valuable assistance of the Bev. the President of -the Conference and ths.l^. ^ ?mm,,I ^^furfoperiing oi this Church, and has now, ^ a jgpeo^^l^to^^B^^nv jtor ^ara^w in^hind.-i^' i^iml willing to forward, our noble caused', ' '- The Kev. S.Kbight moved the adoption, of the report and financial statement fie remarked that: the promise of that Church was sufficiently «reft , iocommand the fieneial renpect and assistance m i sisterChurches tod the ;-puolie.: He supposed -he was pnt Into the front rank that night because he was identified with' the extension of the church. He knew that 110 Church which wascommittedto £ great ends was without great and massive and enthusiastic emotions. Although 'the (liureh began well, they must continue; toad vance, and objects \ sufficiently encouraging should be' held before it. He knew that the Kent Town Church had been charged with being too conservative; but as time advanced it would be .seen that it fulfilled its purpose, and preserved the true relations of a Christian assembly. It was, thought by those intimately connected with it that a tend of preaching adapted to the rich and educated would be equally understood and appre ciated by the poor and ignorant, and therefore it was decided , to appeal to both in common. A great revival in connection withtheir enterprise was wanted, tod they should be thankful for the wit of Mr. Taylor, and he hoped that the spiritual results would be commensurate with the capacities of the .place. The fiev. R. S. CABS.LT seconded, and referred to the spiritual condition oftheOhurch. Whilst they were placed in more comfortable circumstances and had increased the accommodation, their spiritual progress had been Bteady and satisfactory. The attendance at divine service had been large, and the nave up to the opening of the trarfsept was always full, and justified the trustees providing additional accommodation. They had had a good and largely attended ; Band of Hope, winch enlisted . the sympathy of alL The Sunday-school maintained its position and numbers. They wanted vestries and a few other conveniences. They wished to provide , for the wants of those who could not afford to pay for their sittings: but in accordance with the scriptural injunction to watch the interests of the poor, it wasco nsidered paramount to make the enlargement* in connection with which the pre sent celebration was inaugurated, so as to encourage the poor in the neighbourhood. The motion was carried. The Rev. Wu. TAYLOB, who was received with repeated acclamation, said a long list of the wants of the Church had been read of a tem poral and spiritual character, and they incul cated the . necessity for all the members - from the highest to the lowest - labouring together for the common weal. He pro ceeded to make a few remarks about the desi rableness of Church extension. What was wanted was power and proper adjustment. In a spiritual enterprise power was ample and always available. The conditions necessary for a right adjustment required attention from all who had identified themselves with Christ. They needed practical common sense and the essential elements of power. This principle of adjustment was observable in. Nature, which was never observed to have a screw . loose or a valve wanting; and the same principle was equally applicable to spiritual matters. One requirement was strict submission to the Divine will, and an intelligent reception of Christ's teachings, which were exactly suited to man's necessities. In England they had zealous, faithful, learned, and honeBt ministers; but in America the Methodist Connexion, to which he more particularly alluded, had the advantage, by the attention they paid to the evangelistic element. They had had a revival in America. which had lasted 100 years. From the moment it began it had never ceased. The Society to which he belonged there had increased 324,000 during three years. Then there was Church extension in South Africa and the West Indies. The mis sionaries there rejoiced in the feasibility and the fact of the heathen being converted without the dangers and difficulties usually attendant upon the work of evangelization. A collection was then made, realizing a large amount. Mr. TAYLOR, at the close, announced that the total proceeds of the anniversaty and reopening services amounted in the aggregate 10 the hand some sum of £313. On the motion of the Hon. J. COLTON, seconded by the Bev. J. G. MILLARD, a very warm and cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Taylor for his valuable aid. Mr. TAYIIOB, in responding, thanked those pre sent for the compliment, and said that he would revisit the colony (God willing) in April next. The proceedings, which were enlivened by some excellent performances by an efficient choir, closed with votes of thanks ad lib. 