THE DUKE AND SIR JAMES FEE\x=req-\ GUSSON AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. ] No dramatic season in. the colonies has I ever been inaugurated, like this one at the the Theatre Royal, Adelaide. The opening performance was under the patronage of a Prince, an Acting Governor, and a Governor Elect. The National Anthem had to be three times sung during and after the performance. Coppin's star company never —not even in Montgomery's time— appeared to such a house. The gallery and pit •were not simply packed— the heads and shoulders of the victims looked as if some hydraulic pressure had been employed to economize space. In the dress circle there was hardly a local notable wanting. They had turned out to a man—and a woman—to receive the distinguished visitors. In front of the Theatre Hindley-street could hardly contain the thousands who had assembled to take part in the outdoor performance. This consisted in starting a cheer every time a carriage\x=req-\ wheel was heard turning round Platts's Corner. Seventy and seven times the patient multitude was sold, but still it cheered away with unflagging vigour till about half- past 9, when it proved to be right for once. A real carriage came down the street this time, and the troopers in attendance foretold that it was the Prince and the Governor at last. The third act of the first piece was beginning when a tremendous huzza outside drowned thepleasant voice of Miss Stoneham, and distracted attention from her ingenuous easy acting. About half-past 9 the royal party mustered in the State box seven in all, including TTis Royal Highness, Colonel and Mrs. Hamley, the Private Secretary (Captain Clarke), the Prince's Equerries, the Hon. E Yorke and Lieutenant Haig, and Police Commissioner Hamilton. In the adjoining box were the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. T. Bagot), the Treasurer (Hon. H. K. Hughes), the Hon. Mr. Curzon, Captain Fyler, Lieutenant Turner, Dr. Owen, of the 50th, Mr. J. G. Daly, and Mrs. J. G. Daly. The Prince was in naval uniform, and had a hearty sunburnt appearance. His entry into the box brought the pit to its feet en masse, and elicited a pealing huzza from the house. His Royal Highness stepped forward to the front of the box, and presented himself with a thoroughly natural and unaffected sense of the universal desire to see him. He stood for a second or two modestly surveying the pit, whence cheer after cheer rang upward,to be echoedin louder tones from the gallery. Then the orchestra struck in with the National Anthem; more cheering followed, and finally the house settled down again to the enjoyment of a really enjoyable play. About the middle of the act there was more huzzaing outside; another commotion at the entrance of the dress circle, and a whisper ran round the House that Sir James- and Lady Edith were coming in. Lady Edith's face as she entered the box was the signal for a second upheaval of the pit—not quite so simultaneous this time, for the new movement was not universally understood. But the original of the portraits which have been circulating under the name of Sir James Fergusson appeared immediately behind Lady Edith, and gave the house its cue. The volley of cheering which followed was unmistakeably genuine and cordial. It had to finish off as before with the National Anthem, and the actors who found their roles thus unceremoniously taken out of their hands were allowed to resume them again. It should be mentioned, as part of the history of the evening, that Sir James was accompanied by his Aid-de\x=req-\ Camp, Captain Edgecumb, and his Private Secretary, Mr. Morris. So large a portion of tills notice has been monopolized by the " distinguished vistors" that Mr. Bellair's company must excuse us doing them summary justice. We take this liberty with all the less conjunction for being able to assure the public that they have obtained this time the kind of dramatic talent which bears protracted study. There was hardly a member of either caste on Mon\x=req-\ | day night who did not awaken hopes of future ! interest. Even Mr. Lawrence, an old friend, I who has undergone a six months' scrutiny I already, has not come back a stereotyped ! subject. He develops slowly, but still he is | developing. Under the Goppin management he was stiff, and at times a little wearisome ; but with better surroundings he can rise out of himself. We hope to see him this season make a rule of his exceptionally good playing last year. From the debutantes —who are legion—much is also to be hoped. If no single actor or actress can be placed far above anything we have ha<l before, taken together they are certainly superior to any of the stock companies of recent years. There is a new and fresh style of playing among them. It is also in some respects a better style. The gentlemen are easy and natural. The ladies can be piquant without looking brazen-faced, and tender without going off in a cataract of hysterical sighs. The funny men do not aspire to live by fun alone, and have more sense than to sacrifice everything else to the raising of a laugh. They act their several parts as well as manufacture fun, and there is something to look for in them beside a round of comicalities like that of a circus clown. We have not space to describe either of the pieces fully, but we hope neither of them will be withdrawn before we have had several other opportunities. Both deserve a ' run of—a month at least one might say in i any other town than Adelaide—but novelties i every other night have become such a confirmed rule here that a week would be j deemed an unprecedented run. "Caste" deserves its week, for it is one cf the nearest approaches that have been made to a revival of genuine comedy. The moral of the piece is marrying beneath one's station, or as Sam Gerridge would professionally paraphrase it —"off one's own burner." There is a Marquise de St. MaurtMrs. Stoneham), -who ; considers Norman blood to be the real salt of the and Froissart's Chronicles to be a second revelation. She has an only son, a dasiTiing guardsman, George D'Alroy (Mr. : Munro), whose marriage, according to the' Belgravian principles of caste, is the mission of her widowhood. Bat the irony of fate gets him into love with an actress, Esther Eccles (Miss Eloise Juno), and never allows him to draw breath till he. is privately married. As representatives of the lower end of the social scale, there is Sam Gerridge, a gasfitter (Mr. Hill), who aspires to Polly and a business of his own in the Borough-road; alsoEccles,senior,a "working man's friend," who asserts the dignity of labour by sponging on his acquaintances in j general and his two daughters in particular. The guardsman, after his unequal match, has betaken himself to India, where he is taken prisoner by Sepoys during the mutiny, and disappears from the play for a time— evidently to afford Miss Juno as Esther Eccles an opportunity of figuring in the emotional character of a widow. The weaknesses of her sister's aristocratic connections has a democratic influence on the mind of Polly Eccles, and promotes the suit of Sam Gerridge, enabling him to out- distance his latent rival Captain Hawtuc—model swell, and staunch advocate of Caste. He pight have been only too happy to make an exception in Polly's case as his friend D'Alroy had. done in Esther's, but Sam is beforehand with him, and extinguishes his burner. Scene third and climacteric — Hawtuc returns from India to console and assist D'Alroy's widow, with an eye on Polly all the while. D'Alroy, who, of course, has had a miraculous escape, enters Esther's house while Polly, Sam, and Hawtuc are celebrating Polly's engagement with tea and shrimps. He announces himself as his own ghost to the great dismay of Polly, the utter confusion of Sam, and the joy of his friend Hawtuc. Esther, who has disposed of herself by falling asleep in an adjoining room, has to be awakened, and her new-found, happiness imparted to her. The spasmodics are relieved by the entrance of the Marquise, quoting her favourite Froissarfc, and of Eccles senior, overpowered with gin in the cause of the working man. Grand finale— Everybody confesses that they have misunderstood everybody else. The Norman blood admits that after all rank is but the guinea stamp, and Sam reciprocates by acknowledging that caste may have its uses if not carried too far. xne piece may not De very clever m itseli but it has suggested a series of effective characters. All of them leave much to the actor's own discretion and give him ample scope for his peculiarities. The natural talent of the dramatis -personae can be easily seen through the not very significant words put in their mouths. From this point of view Mr. Bellair figured well as a low comedian. His voice especially has a tendency to get stilted and produce a forced manner, but where there is room for the robustious he soon shows that that is what he excels in. Mr. Hill is the opposite of this— a specimen of natural ease and 'unrestrained humour. He never betrays his aim of appearing funny as too many low comedians do. Sir. Munro has a vocation in the genteel line of business. He can play the gentleman well on the whole, though not uniformly welL He has a few awkward gestures and attitudes, but generally his appearance harmonizes well with his role. Miss Juno is not an artiste to be sketched off with a few lines of criticism. She has apparently more in her than any young actress that has visited Adelaide for years—not excepting the late Miss St. Denis. But it is far from being fully brought out yet. A fine carriage and an expressive face are her most obvious qualities at the present time. There is also deep feeling in her style, and true earnestness, but it has still to be proved if she possesses flexibility. Her soi disant sister Miss A. Stoneham is her very antithesis. She aims at the sparkling fascinating kind of excellence, and she has a good prospect of success. She has a graphic power of narration, and is evidently working herself in smart repartee. Here she is hardly equal to Miss Tilly Earl, but practice may produce even more than "equality. Mrs. •Stoneham is heavyish in the old lady line, but not mentally—only physically, and to some extent vocally. Yet with all her solidity and her sepulchral conversation, she produces the impression of a lady who can throw both these drawbacks into the shade when her intellect is thoroughly roused. In the " Bonnie Fishwife," Miss Juno had a truly congenial rdle. Throwing off most effectually every particle of the restraint of the previous two or three hours, she entered upon the ticklish game of entangling a live Baronet's son in her net with all the unaffected gaiety of a child. Without falling into ecstacies about any part of her performance it is impossible to resist the impression that she possesses very great ability. Her fame in this particular character had preceded her, and on this account she was judged by a severer standard than would otherwise have been applied. And yet she nobly stood the test. The accent if not the pure Scotch, was so excellent a counterfeit of it, that it required a very critical ear to detect the fact. And there was through all her acting such a studious attention to the part she had to maintain— such a delightful truth to nature—that whatever defects existed slunk away into the background, and do not deserve to be recalled. We rely upon seeing Miss Juno on many more occasions as the Bonnie Fishwife. Mr. Bellair's representation of the excursionist and lover was a very spirited piece of acting. Our old acquaintance Air. Musgrave figured as the fussy inflammatory parent, just one of those characters so closely identified with our recollections of him on a less pretentious stage. His rendering of it revived the vague feeling which his renderings invariably produce, that inevitably there must be an explosion some of these days. May such an event be long deferred, for the stage could better spare a better man. A convincing proof that the people enjoyed the piece was afforded in the fact that they sat it out, although the hour was late, and applauded it to the veiy last. As it happened, such a close to the programme was most opportune, since it appeared like a special compliment to Sir James Fergusson and Lady Edith. The Royal and Viceregal parties remained until the final fall of the curtain, and on leaving the Theatre were cheered most warmly by the crowd inside and the vastly greater crowd outside. In the ardency of their loyalty, the street spectators left all too little room to allow of the egress of the visitors. 