THE GREAT DIAMOND SWINDLE. Ha-ha-ha-ha ba-ha! 1 So it wasn't a-diamond after all! As M. Hugo would probably say-sublime enthusiasm j of human gullibility! The Diamond " Sell " is worthy to take its place in history beside the (Jock-lane Ghost or Moon Hoax. I am not sure but that it does not even excel those brilliant examples of popular delusion. The idiots who believed in the rapping spirit of Mary Parsons are paralleled in our day by Home (sweet Home!) and bis gathering of silly women with deranged nervous systems. The moon hoax was but a corollary to the glorious " sells " perpetrated by that prince of jesters and jester of princes, Theodore Hook, but the big diamond is a " sell" so gigantic, so vast, so pecuniarily advantageous, that it tops all the swindles of the age. To absolutely persuade the people that somebody had found a diamond 13oz. in weight, and to make them buy the thing on " spec is mag nificent. I do not wish to go into the ethics of the business, for I am not much above mem ber-of-Parliament standard myself, and re joice to swindle, cheat, or defraud a friend when a safe opportunity occurs ; but I should imagine that soch a proceeding-as the one characterised in my hearing by a shareholder as " the Armidale caper" is not strictly in accordance with the rales of commercial honesty; but that does not detract from the magnificence of the hoax. It almost fulfilled the unpublished prophecy of Douglas Jerrold who said that if the "Koh-i-noor was on sale to-morrow, some one would start a company to purchase it, and let it out on hire at even ing parties." The company has been formed but the Koh-i noor was not forthcoming. One million, two millions, three millions, four mil -;-^and©nlya piece of rock-crysta!, and not worth, five shillings I Dear fellow humans! excellent topis! admirable knaves 1 ©hi forgive me 5f X laugh, but fiwe thousand pounds for "a pigce of rock-crystal I It is too much!- ? Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-lio! A. ludicrous failure of a ^ell-mtentioned arrangement is reported in the London papers. The proprietors of, a theatre, finding, that their rigid enforcement of the rule--"J^o children in arms admitted'' was producing a serious falling- offdn th^jr receipts, hit upon the idea of fitting up|ia large room in the theatre as a nursery, pro vided with careful nurses, feeding bottles. &c.;, where mothers who wished to witness the performances might leave their babies,^ for a very nominal charge. The expedient was a lucky hit-lots of babies patronised the jiursi'ry and their mammas the perform ances. Unfortunately, however the whole arrangement came, to grief through an unfore seen cause. Every night one or more of the *' little strangers " was forgotten to be called for, and the increasing number of these new responsibility, caused the management speed ily to shut the nursery door. THE PfiiNCESS OF WALES and THE FAS HIONS.-There is no doubt that we owe much in matter of dress to the Princess of Wales. Not within the memory of living man has there been a costume prevalent among English girls so admirably adapted for the display of youthful figure as that we have now. It is altogether an excellent style of dress, artistically, fine, and capable of admitting that play of fancy in detail which prevents any costume from becoming monotonous. We do'not inplude, of course, the camel-tumped gown, which some women are now bent on.axaggerating into the most ludicrous proportions; but the ordinary dress with its tight-fitting body,-; its plain front; its train-skirt, and its tight sleevgs, although it is likely to lose its chars^g simplicity and neatness by the introdnj^^>n of sleeves slit up to the elbow andj down from that point. Now this df^££i|fd its modifications, vre owe chiefly to cess of Wales, whose remarkable good taste is shown in almost every article of attire she wears. To put the point briefly, since the Princess of Wales came to England, t&e; fashion of ladies'dresses, so far as that $|ts been allowed to move within certain- limits, has devoted itself to the development of cos tume appropriate to young, instead of ito married women. And it is much better that English fashions, following the example of the Princess of Wales, should incommode a certain proportion of middle-aged women by the introduction of a costume specially .fitted for girls, than the English fashion, 'following1 the example of the Queen,, should prescribe'a form of dress in no way suited to those for whom pretty costume should specially be designed.-Once a Week. The Spectator gives a paragraph which illustrates- incidentally the prevalence of precious stones in the Ovens district. A Chmaman working below the diamond.claim taken up by the Woolshed Company, attrac ted by the noise, cautiously approached the machine, and after looking at it some time said, " no savey.'' A topaz was taken out ot the siere aud shown to him. " Plenty, any amoaut; throw them away." Other small gems were then picked out, aud he " saveyed" them all but no " good." He was then shown a diamond, not taken from the machine, but in a rough state; " yes, savey that, throw one away In hut as big." He was offered £10 for it on the spot, but as well as he could be made out, it had been put away as worthless, and was not discover able; or John, perhaps, thinking it must certainly be worth more than -was offered, kept his own counsel. 