REPRESENTATION OF EAST BYDÜS? MEETING OP TUB FRIENDS OP SIR JAMBS MAMIV MR. PARKES, AND MU. BUOHANAN. r... t- "-- < \- ? n\ mr tno largest meeting yet brom-hi ." ... tbo present electoral contests wohÄ '°^thcr <>«mg - Temperance Hall, ,n fivour of Sir ïLlT*1 "'th9 ¡ P».kes,"nd Mr. Buchanan In £ £,I J"^ -& front there must have boon crowded ^Sr"1^ ..ml «cces^wns scarcely obtai, able at the tame .»"& 'i.-ft ?««uur.r.s,... The proceeding wore mwhd h ' iiiibuunrtod oiUhuslosln that roached a highly oxoited li ' nt different points of tho addresses , and although .orno« position showed itself by occasional interruptions nvam loiy steps wero taken to subdue disorder by tho expulsion of i ffinccis. . "' On lho plateo ni which also was very crowded, wa notiod among others Mr W R P.ddmgton, Mr G Ein\, DBu. hanan Mr Aldtrniin llmdfori, thiR... T J uhm-oii. Mr J 1 llj ,n, Mr W C Wiod'vêr M, I Monutenstlo, and Mr P K Holdsworth Y' ß Mr. I. J. Josephson,being called to the chair, explained that the ob.oct of the mooting was to introluooSir H Martin, Mr Htnrj Pirkes, .ml Mr Dmil Buoh«.?. the electors of List Sjdnoius gentiumT t lo T" Ui this d.visiou of (ho «ty (Wchoera? ho a g n 1°" I were so well-known to the eleetora th.t U wis unn0 " for bun to refer to the grounds on which thoy weTbrS forward "11 tb it ,t bec ima incumbent t.poVt fllyT " that ho trusted those who addressed tho mooting vmü h\ accorded a fair hearing AU that waa roomroü It J, ¡ was just and right (Cheers 1 s rtlt Mr. J. JJAVIS said most of the doctors wero aware, that during tho lust n n or twolvo days nn uppo-,1 h id b«on ravi» to tho citizens of Sj dney, whether at the present juocm wo should bring forward two of tho ablest publioVn ot which Australia could boast. (Loud npplause,nocomoraJ willi some disorder, and cries of " turn him out ") H«»!, prud to loll them that the appeals and roonees which had boon mado had been such as to sot tbo mm,, beyond doubt. (Choirs.) Sir Janies Martin, Mr. Park"/ and [A voico : "Tho Kiama Ghost"] Mr. Buchanan bid contented to bo placed in nomination. (Loud chs-ri uccomponicd by a movoment towards tho dour, and then renewed clamour.) Tbo CiiAiitMAN informed thoso present that tha martin» was called in invottr of Sir Janies Marlin, Mr. Parkes an! Mr. Buchanan, and (hat thoso who wero not in favour of thoso gtntlemeu could leave (bo hall, or bo turned ont if they manifested any nttompt to interrupt tbo proceeding (Cheers.) They might depend upon it thal whonairjoî the npposito party held a meeting those supportin» iii candidates now brought forward would not attend locroili ilisturbanco. (Choers.) Mr. J. DAVIS rcEiimed : Thoy bid met na suppliers of' i James Martin, Mr. Pinkos, and Mr. lluchamn, This kind of disturbance would only do tho Oiiuso good, ai it would show how far a certain cliquo would go if ths» bad tho power to destroy; tbo freedom of speech and to restrict tho liberties wo enjoyed. (Cheero, and " When'! (bo cab.") Ho was proud to inform tha mooting that Sir James Marlin and Mr. Pnrkos had rocoived at tho hind) of a largo and influential deputation, a requisition signed by 2160 electors willing to havo their n irnos published, and, by 360 not willing to havo their names put in print-(loud cheers)-und thut thoso gentlemen had cinacntod to bs nominated for East Sydney. (Cheers.) Ho hiul their replies, ? and it would do tho noisy persons present gaud to rend ibu, [A Voice: "Oh, they're only Oorpiration men."] This j election was ono of the most important events (hit hid ever' occurred in tho history of (his country. (Cheora.) It irai,' for tho electors to sny whether they vvould hive Eooi]»j tj represent (hem in tho Aa-etnbly or men of comraindinj, talent and ability, such ns Sir Jomes Martin »niMr,! ParkcB. (Burst of npplouao.) It was a disgrace to and a! libel upon our institutions that wo should have represent- ing tho first constituency in tho country men who wert ; Lot ablo (o open their mouths, Md ho felt «.» tain it would not bo sanctioned by the olec!ori,f confident, as ho was, that (ho result of tho nppeil ni»! biing mado would bo to return to tho Assembly men el* known ability and eminent for their liberal principias,; (Cheers.) [Ho commenced to rend tho reply of Sir ham> Martin, but tbo interruptions were so frequent that he pre-¡ ferrcd to leave it to bo read with thoso irom Mr. Parke!. und Mr. Buchanan, us published in our cilittuns tlii| morning.] In conclusion, ho would Bitnply -u^est (hil; the promoters of tbo meeting wero entitled ti order front'1 those few ptcsent who did not favour tho object in Tien,! imd (hat, whether they withdrew or not, tbo result of thai contest would not bo alter d by noiäo and confusion,* (Uproar, and n voico : " Will eomo ono bo khi" inouph to break that fellow's head.") As in all probability Mr. Pnrkcshad not yet loft tho city for tho night it might bo as well to hoar from his own lips what ho hil; lo say in referenco to tho requisition that hnd been pre-'s imtedtohim. In order to effect this ho moved that si députai ion from tho meeting wait upon Mr, Parkes at hil jilaco of business nnd request him to favour tbo meolinj; with his presenco. (Loud cheers.) Tbo motion, hming been seconded, was put andcirriaJ, unanimously, and a deputation at onco left in pursuincs oij' tho resolution. í Mr. W. R. PIDDINGTON who advanced nmid cn-; IhUBiastic applause, expressed his high Bilisfio tion nnd extreme pleasure ia meoting so ora-' vvhilming an nudienco, not only as it marked tha' i ppreciatton by thoeo present of tho gentlemen wh) tPärj'.' ¡reposed to them as candidates, but ns indicating that inj the contest they would record their votes in favour of Sit* Jomes Marlin, Mr. Parkes, and Mr. Buchanan. (Lind' nnd prolonged cheers.) This was n free country, and wa i'csired to keep it so. (Cheers.) Ho nover was au advooite i or Piotestunt ascendency, and ho vvould givo no Bandin' lo Romnn Catholic dominonce. (Knthusiastio cheers.) Let every ono havo a fair ¡¡old and no favour, and let tha.' I resent contest bo decided without angry foelin;s. &V; liad no ontipathy to colonists of whatever oonntry or^. creed, and he wns quito willing that our mnnicipil; Council and Assembly Bhould bo opon to oaoh and alp" i.liko; and vvhilst he desired this, ho also desired thal the] children of ov>ry section of tho community should bis found sitting sido by sido in our Public Echoola. (Cheers.);] Ho then proceeded to point out what oppoarod to Wm'i p. rent distinction botween tho viows advocated bj- Sirs James Merlin, Mr. Parkes, and Mr. Buohanon, and thoial of Mr. Cowper, Mr. Robertson, and Mr. Nenie. Haj reminded tho meeting that, while tho latter throo gentle-',! men bad supported tho imposition of double daliel on lea and sugar, tho imposition of a numbsr oL l'cenBcs upon publio companies, with an extra amount: for every perbon employed, thoso wero opposai; by Sir James Martin, Mr. Parkes, and Mr.;; Buchanan, and defeated. Another proposal of Mr,'; Cowper's party was tho imposition of a tax of £2 a yuty upon over furnier in tbo country and every tradesman, withj 2s. 6d. a head for each person employed. How was inch ii scheme us this to unfotter trade and liborato tbo springs of.« industry. They would also havo taxed every hired servant j in Ihe country, nnd make thom pay £1 for being pcrmittÇ to earn nn honest livelihood. What would tha people of, Orango think of a candidato who made such proposition!; ns those, und what vvould (he people of Camden think or thoso who gave support (o (ho proposor of them? (Cheeri.)", At this stago of Mr. Fiddingtou'ß addross Mr. Patkea ] afcended tho platform, and this was tho signal for«: lrtmcndous outburst of applause that did not Bubsidofor,| sumo seconds. ',1 Mr. PIDDINGTON begged to propoeo tho formal rcsolntwy that Sir James Martin, Mr. Henry Parkes, nnd Mr, DindJ Buchanan aro fit end proper persons to represent Eisii Sy dney in the ensuing Parliament. f| After eomo fow remarks from Mr. WINDKTBR, «JJ reconded tho motion. . pi The resolution was drried by acclanntion. ¡| Mr. PARKES, on coming forward to address thomsJ ii?,; was again greeted with three cheors. Ho said ho wiibdi«| fur as his humble power would allow him, to rotura M» warm thanks for this great reception. (Ronowed appl»)' After tho e7tnta of the last twelvo nionthB ho thought Bj might rejoico in seeing that ho had this high moiol[support ot the country (cheers) ; because ho, as ho mm. believed, in thoir interest, had gono through an ««si. vi hich perhaps no other public mon hud boon subject« «5 in 1MB country. (Cheers.) Ho bud faced the »tame» and firmly, knowing in his own mind that ho was i« their honest support. (Cheers ) Ho waa one or; th.« who belioved that overy mun *«; did right sooner or later mot with his roward-(cbMra w, hiEEcs)-and if thoso fowporsons who wow w_aying««t; truo character bv disturbing this groat meeting wottU« bo patient, ho would convinco thom that they we«"in fo- urni that ho was right. (Cheois.) Ho thanked theo fray the bottom of his heart for this manifestation of bo min nient of this great city. (Applause, and a voit» Ï»» «J. not in yet."! Ho did not come hero to obtain any pun, advantsgo to himsolf, but in tho strength of_b.linow, right, and as a freo citizen of a freo country wT, them os freo men what ho honeatly behoved. (Wem/ The peoplo of this country wero about engaging a . momentous transaction. They wore about to olectmjw. form the Legislature of the country. This m« ~X» who Bhould decido in making tho laws affecting tho mim { dual welfare and the prosperity of tho whole oommMuy. (Cheers, and interruption, during which_ sows penT, wero forcibly ejeoted.) Wo ontercd into this STtuT$ lion at a time of singular importance to Una cwwjj Various circumstances clearly showed that tho on««"^ ibis colony was rapidly changing. In tho far nott!ern« , tricta a new industry was growinir up whicti «""i e_ asbuniing tho attributes and BI'ZO of an nfmt, gun i «j meant that groat industry of our sugar plantationu »J in tho far interior there wero signs that the Srij" >Tiluti induBtry of this country was to bo transformed, aMui « wool was in futurelto bo produced by small proprietors,^ would reside on' their proportion and eupon» their own industrial operations. Bondes UICMJ^u wo had all nround us indications tust , intelligences of tho whole Austria am (tho intelligence of all thinking mon m »« »> wero entitled, thoy would givo us mo íuíJ ,CiJDa9| material prosperity unexampled in tho worin. V &$ While this waa the case, it waa clear upyonâ_ttlldoum«g tho colonies, instoid of being crippled in their onwWg gross, would have larger and larger measures bet tow id upon them, and that thoy wero now \x w purpofes of civilised life infant nations It wai » timo tbut tho electora wero about to. ougage¡ ,_ W K . contest-in this slrugglo botwoen what he 'vMr. »ft his henit believed to bo the friends of Constitutional'1»' and thoso who wbh.d to debiiso our intitulions. (Coi and thoso «no wn-neei to aeonsu UUV J .. J .»nÙM tinued npplaiiFo, ending with " threo cr.eera,' a»4.8?" J cordant noisca.) Ho was very thap_ful that taoir <¡m «nta-tho fowof thom that wera proscnt-aiBclosod their .Tirooler by thoir yells. (Laughter) Let them now briefly 1» ihn past fivo years, for the Parlmmont wîh Ead just expired oxistod to within a few I.« of KB natural term of duration. During ii. first year no salutary progress waa mado in ii. lMnalation of the country. Though tho gent oman Lha lO the Govornmcnt-ho mount Mr. Charles Cower (groans and hissos)-was sent Into the Assembly toa largo majority, still withing twelve months his iLammcnt was shattered to atoms from tho inherent olo l*t» of weakness whioh it contamod. It was at this state Satur Martin was called upon hythe late Govornor to ulm an Admmistratlon. Ho was now at tho period of j.miarv 1806 Tho first step takon by Mr. Martin was to tZl li his (Mr. Pnrkos's) disposid tho highost office K Administration. (Choers ) All who were acquainted «th the facts know that ho (Mr. Parkos) did not seek nor Tairo that office. [A voice. "You deaorvod it," and «nch cheering 1 They know well that he hesitated somo "nTbeforo accepting it. But looking niall the circum aSncesof the case, and behoving, ns his frionds believed, that his acceptance of ofHco would materially tend to itrsnethen tho Government, ho accepted that office trheere v Was there any man present who would say that ia wis not fairly entitled to offioo i Ho was among tho diert of our publio mon. Ho had .laboured with .n »mount of labour unsurpassed by any othor nil Ho had Btood the brunt of tho varying fortunes of this colony for twenty years. Ho had nevor iciiht advantage of an) kind for hiuisolf, nnd ho dolled ke world (o point out (ho instance when ho sought it. Clews ) "With (his lifo bohind him-with Borviccs which «en hi» opponents had at different times extolled in .cotsBurcd ternis- waB thci o an) thing mipripor or nny thiiir unleooming in his nee ptmg office ? (Ct les of " No," and cheers) From thntdnyto this, two or throo porsonB iome»bot distinguished m political lifo had no fer spoken to him, becnuso thoy thought ho had oommittod the trtttiouB wrong of taking au oftlco which thoy wanted. (UucMcr) q Je Government to which ho had reforrod iris formed, and ho asked many of his old friends (many c1 whom were hero) whether, in the pcrfoi manco of his dnties as o member of that Government, he waa not truo lo the principles of his lifo i (Cheers ) Every one must know that, in the combination of six or seven men to idmiuiitor tho nfl urs of tho country, there must bo somo cenipronii'fR Ho ("Mr. Parkes) could not have it all his tun way, nor could any of his colloaguos have it all his own .gay, Iherofore, what six or seven mon so situated had to toniidcr WOB, how thoy could so uso their opportunities as to do tho greatest omount of good that was practic iblo. In ill mstteis relating to tho government of mankind, it was not enough to do what was nght-they muBt do w hat was right st the right time. (Choers ) Tho visionary who ln iSled upon somo abstract opinion when it was impossible lo carry it out was only a fool for his pains. (Cheers ) Hey must consider the situation in which thoy wore placed, fio material with which thoy had to deal, tho »iportunitieB which presontcd themselves, and, weighing all these, they must tnko that step which, all theso things tOJiidcted, would lend most directly and surely to tho ob itctinviow (Hear, hear) Taking that construction of flat government was, ho uskod again where waB the friend or the opponent who could say that ho had been like to tho principles of his long Ufo ¿ (Cheers ) Of tonne the miaerublo ecribblcrs whoso writings they Bomo tunii MW in newspapers, could tear out some rifle etntonco from a man's Bpooch or from a nun's ?ntmg«V and, turning it to a meaning it would III bear if proper 1} considered, fix upon him Bomo chargo ti licoaeistcncy A great English poot has alluded to tntieiun of this kind in words which ho vvould venturo to ie,eat na applicable to theso political attacks, " Most can iiicntic," said he, alluding to tho practice of taking out «me isolated passage, and then holding it up lu its de Itmi ttnpe OB a convincing ovidence that something is ititnc virst candid critic, what if 1 By way of joke pluck ont your eye, And hold ne up the object, cry I Behold this shapeless mass '-Anil he Who o»ncd it-dreamt that ho could seo ' Ti» inli> were n lehtv analytic , But would you like li candid enuc ' " (Utghtcr) Such persons desecrated tho name of litoi i ttreky calline themselves hteriry men Ibis was one dis Uvantago undar whi h public men hero endured from «hieb thoy generally escaped in lho mother country, bo- urne the great journals of tho mother country wero geucr tlty oendncted bj men of somo personal honour, of nmc enlightened views, of some sound educition, lid who, if they opposed public men, did so qaly and honestly upon clearly avowed principles II« Government of whi h ho became a member in the rutter he had endeavoured to describe, existed f r .early three j ears Ihoy were sworn in on the î_d January, 1SGC At th it time there was io provuion made for tho public expenditure of that year They theroforo had to pass the Estimates, and oltoinlhe Appropriation Act Ihey did this and prorogued Fulisment They had a recess of a little over three -Etths (about 31 ho thought), and then thoy again «lied Parliament together and passed the Estimates for tie etniing year, and obtained the Appropriation Act Wore thej had been in offi o moro than elovon monthB He thought that would contrast very favourably with what tlersncceeeori had done (Hear, hear ) But thoy (tho Ultim Government) not only passed the Estimates for tho jw in winch thoy took olhce (which had boon left undone), tut (hey paMcd the Estimates for the following year as K11 u some import ant Acts,inoluding tho Industrial Schools «et (cheers), and that groat measure, the Publio Schools ¿ct,(oonunued cheering) Thoj did all this in eleven months Their successors had now been in office thiUoen months, ?id the mm and substance of their achievements was the «pointing an arbitration te inquire into the claims of Mr mlliam Cummings1-(roars of laughter)-making the Kttntry a byword and a reproach by giving up the evidence of Mr Bodd-(cheers)-and doing two or three other things el« B-ilar character They had paosed no useful measure They had performed no single act that would tend to the idtantigeof the country The Government of which ho (Mr Parkes) was a member found some of the interior die trctsof thiatouutry in a state of lawlessness and inBeourity wich waa carried to such an extent that men dare not note from one point of tho district to another for fear tithe loss of their property or the loss of their lives pty (the Martin Government) put that state of things T (Cheers) Ihey extinguished the Bcoundrds who, with arma in their hands, were taking tho lives of innocent o n and robbing the industrious poor (Cheers ) They made tto country secure They cirried » meaiuro amending the municipal law, nnd to in"""^ ln everv mun'clPal district free líbranos (Uten) Ihey earned a measure to consolidate the Volun UK hK\ nna by tnut Measure they had entitled every ifteitnt \oluntctrwho Btrved his country for a nirtam tagth of time to a grint of SO acrcB of land (Cheers ) He found tho asjlums for tho insane in this country, and ttebenevolent najlunis, in a deplorablo condition, and they amid a bill giving a vieil mt inspoction to tho ono and ¡Milly improving tho condition of the other (Cheers) itetiaohad arrived when sedition raised its head in this ¡"Miry, and let fanatics say what thoy would, an I let mti «ne people who, when the dun0cr was over, coul I "J Tt such and such a thing never existed, prate IIB they '«ed they knew well enough that the most seditious and iitrarbuiL eentinitnts were uttered (Cheers ) Thoyknev list atloiks wero mado in a journal of this t'y euch as never ought to havo boen v ,',Deall} English community-(cheers)-an 1 «tore all, thej knew that tho BOU of tho most glorious wen gn that ever sat on the British throne (enthusiastic ateiiog) was followed by an aBEasBin and shot in tho w« Ibc Government did not quail thon, it passed an Act for which ho was responsible hero to night (Cheers ) " fused the 1 reason Felony Act and hmgel ^."«'or (Cheers) "What, then, waa their »ending r D,¡] ihey attempt to treat any section S."111? I" nn unjust way > (Cries of "Mo") lui .r . t0 aa "«partiilly, uprightly, and IjMh towards all their fellow citizens (No, no ) Their lutnrewBthat "">! did not consider it was their duty as Minutera of the Crown, sworn to bo faithful to tbo .,iv 1 V1"* realm't0 lurn t0 tho rlBttt or to tho left, \V». i ,e ,rom confronting any difficulty at the {»Mg «fa few prints (Cheers) They never bent the n,,l" P°*M,ul Posons Ihey never shaped their EI?\ VproPitlnto an ecclcBiastual fiction K ''. ,ht,y 6tood ercct "» he Btood erect before luiT. now> They "--«ted tho prosperity of the .noieeountry and refused to serve the interests of any sec HrLv r,) lt wus ln tms 'uat thoy h»d otrended _.TJ T m °PP°8"ion. s-oh as it was, its main feature te . */ com^aat nioBB of unreasoning humanity «J ftfíí e,cd to,ll6eIf tho "-faithful of all other sections Th.» Ä 6Wvillg of aU orat0lfl (Laughter and cheers ) wiri?«, \MDly^of i-nlcontents commenced battering Ä»,.vo» c 'Go^ramcnt that existed, until owing to Bit J»m« M "at<j>manly. and independent ch tractor of ttidSTnlm.thocrs> th0 Opposition got their noaos SiíVi7AllCí,hco aheyhad kept them there by pin ttdiiwK °fuPne6fB »nd Jobbing in every direction, i 11 SJ»by other meanB which ho would not trust him BnnrtTv to °blam BUPPOit which they had no Binglo W 71 '? conim,u,a (Cheers) frothing coull fen «.li .1° ?a PreEcnt Government must (Sled TÍ *"h ^ Partlcs If thej at »Slilia7 out ,ho Vlewa °f either, thoy »«I»Gnrel kd."S m tt fow miDUtea (Cheers ) This «JconMi r,M^"!v.0f Pron"6es, which wore never intonded, Sd tS .hnVh0 Sa,u, ° of tilDfeB b° fulmled rh°y » U ?.. "a nd 'a.,orem duties, but had thoy dono «tail lo KM,?!01.? "?° 'boy promised the poor mon of this «teit? iff ? tc,a, and BUBar dunes, but had thoj 'k Mice for,« i . ÇroP°8I!d «? reorganisation of '«nie huí i '. \ ^'i* a UrS° s»ving was to *»)\hi b,â ,hSy dina "i (Cries of «No, bteíoltnt L^op08l"Í t0 mak« a saving in tho *', J?1"?8 ,by h,rmS out the pooi old » The'iL,i \hwi- laughter)-but had thoy done B»T do tW. ° n,ona of the8B things (Choers ) P»«* poLr,?P°,° '.H0 So-tlwion proposed to rear' W ThT«,, Ju6t ask any onlightonod officer of that wiabtr of lïTu Cd t0 ,d,BPenB0 «itb th» eervices of a '^men-b??^"' ttnd to suPPlv tholr P,ac08 by onierg '.mmvedav«.« t sons, who wore to work on their Balnrd.y an/lî , ek,.a?de *° loavo tnoir haymaking on a tfmtikxni g to catoh bushrongors (Laughter ) Or '«eí'r16 eh0EemakeroBOSd.y,n the ""lew d'vs W . ',0W havinS »o mond shoos tho other ?" who LA ." "s BOmo arll3t or somo trades líWvcant(.°_a"J,?.¿ülloIw"hl8 oidinary pursuit till on v catch hit i ho : thoir sign of Hhltr whc"P 'rnmnv. (Lighter) Ho took thoir * « ,i.bf", !,hln«8 were meniwn 1 as a sign of "'"-«it* if "nJ mti'ligence\ becauso tbo monstrous > «"y fii h uropotal aa this m_»f arm o the ridiculo of any man who knew anything of society. Bnt wo Bhould.be told by somo of tho votaries of this Adminis- tration that (hoy had twenty-one bills, which thoy wera going to pas«, if tho Opposition would only have lot them Now lot tho electors seo what was the real complexion of this part of tho buBincBS, (Cries of " Bosh" and laughter ) Boforo wo oould deal with this question wo muet consider, what tho institution of Parliament really is. Parliament is composed in this country of two separate brunohes-tho ono which ia aB powerful, elected by the people, tho other nominated by tho Crown, or rathor by the advisers of tho Crown. Though the Legislativo Council has not boon dis Bolvcd, it still is not in anyjBenso a Parliament at tho pro Bcnt time, becaueo no Parliament con oxist without the two Houses being; complete- ono eloctod by popular suf- frage, by tho votes of every mon residing in tho country who takes care that his name is on the registry. It is dieted nominally under the law for fivo years, but it wus not tho practice in constitutionally governod countries to continuo any elected Legislature in existence hil it expired by cflluxion of timo This was never dune, never had boen done in England during tho last century, and overyono must know enough of human nature to undeistand that if a body of seventy-two gentle- men, elected for livo years, aro suffered to continuo in existence to within a few weeks of tho time whon thoy must bo dissolved, thoy will bo entirely incapable of transacting the ordinary buBincBS. Somo of these gentlemen would bo thinking of retiring into pnvate lifo, or bo indifferent to largo questions before tho House, Others, who found that their Beats wero trembling in the balance, will bo bent on all kinds of devices to secure rc-olection, and Irorn ono cause of destruction and another they would bo unfitted as a collectiv o body to direct thoir minds to tho con- sideration of great general questions That being BO, Ministers in England always tako nn opportunity, long hi fore tbo timo fixed for tho expiration ot tho Houso of Cerumens, to dissolve Parlnment and appeal to the con- stituencies "What did this Government do ? Thoy carno into oflieo at the end of October, 1808, with two months of tho year unexpired-not as tho previous Government did, m tho middle of January, with no provision mado for the expenditure, they had two months before them in which to ninko provision But under the pressure of making provision for tho publio expenditure, thoy got tho House to pass the Estimates quickly, to allow thom to prorogue, ho and others on the Opposition benches lending them all tho nssistanco they could to enable them to do this. Thoy promised to conveno Parliament within a Bhort timo, but, instead of calling it together in three months and a half, they took a rceesa of BIX monthB with tho expiration of Parliament staring them in tbe faco. Ho behoved in his conscience that this was done in order to put Parliament in a difficulty, and compel the Houso to pass tho Estimates under pressure , BO that, if the Houso had tamely done their bidding, thoy would havo hnd all the year lb70 before them to revel in thoir offices. But tho Opposition wero determined that they should go before the people (Cheers ) Thoy said-you gentleman who pretend to bo in favour of a triennial bill havo had this Parliament inexistence its allotted hve years , it has voted us tho public money for flvo years, and you want us to vote tho publio money for BIX years-a year in excess of (he legal timo fixed for the duration of tho House. Wo Baw this will bo treason to tho people, and wo will not do it (Choers ) Ho himsolt told them, and ho to'd them fearlessly, that he was ready to take the verdict of tho people out of doora on his conduct (Cheers ) He told thom that he would bo no party to this treason. (Cheers) He told them that if they Btayed there till the 31st Decembor they new should get beyond the witch's straw laid across their path, lhi) kept their word, and compelled thoso recreant Ministers to dissolve the Houso, (Cheers) Thoy wero here, then, claiming to bo tho champions of the Constitu- tion Thoy were hero, then, dunning to bo the truo fnenls of tho joople. Long before any of theso gentlemen's names wero known in the liberal ranks ho (Mr Parkes) fought tho battles of popular liberty in this country, long before an} of these gentlemen (with one or two exceptions) eat m too Legislature, ho, comparatively alone, gavo uttorinco to tho sentiments w Web he uttered tonight, but ho Knew well enough that he should not be expected by the poople in tina country to in any way shrink from canning out the s uno principles in order to meet tho convenience or a Government which deservid nothing of the kind. There was no neces- sity for oui pasting tho Estimates Let not any min bo deluded with the notion tnat by the com so ho and otheis on the Opposition benches took they in any way embarrassed the public service. lho new Parlnimont might be elected now and cnUed together in sufficient time to do all that was necessary for tho public service of the countn [Avoieo "Will you give us tho oight-houi syBtem -'' J The gentleman who had interrupted him had said something about his bnving te assist in gotting a restriction te oight hours' labour for tho working classes Ten years ago he presided at a mooting m this ha 1 to forw ird that movement. (Cheers ) Ho for one was of opinion that tho labour in this world might bo done with adiantnge to ever}body and to meet ever)body's con- venience without tho whole of a man's time bong consumed in his labour, and ho wis ono of thoeo who did not hesitato to avow the wish to Becuro to every man and woman time for acquiring information-for improving their intellect-for recreation-for Hovelling oven-and he was not in favour of grinding out of any doss of persona overy hour of labour that wns possible (Cheers ) He did not think it was required. He thought the world would go on quite as woll if the hours of labour for every man amongst us were eoniew hat reduced. It was after tho existence of the Par- liament, tho main features of whose history he hud rapidly described, that members of the late AB Bsmbly were brought once moro face to face with their constituents Ho, in former years, received great distinotionB from tho hands of thoolêotorB of Sydney. It was now sixteen years from tho time he was first elected for Sydney, on tho retirement of Mr Wmtwortb, and ho had been subsequently Bovoral times elected for this great constituency Since then he had served a constituency Bome distance from Sydney, which wes very dear to him. (Choers.) He believed that at this moment he Blood so well with his late constituents that it would bo impossible for any man to dcfoit him (cheers) , and ho believed that there wero men In that little intelligent constituency who were so completely devoted to his service that, if need wtic-and ho eaid this OB no extrava- gance of language, but with a profound belief in the truth of what ho uttered-there were mon there who would lay down their lives for him (Cheers ) [An elector hero called for three cheers for Kiama, and tney were lustily given ] Ono word or two, if they would par- don the intrusion, about this noble constituency of Kiama The district itself occupied Bome seventeen or eighteen miles of the Southern seaboard, and extended b ick to a distance of some eifcht or ten miles, or perhaps not quite so far It was a district of small precipitous hills, and steep sunny, und fertilo valleys. It was inhabited for tho most pm t by freeholders , and so fertile was it that every aero ot land would keep a cow It was a district whore the poople wero thickly settled, and where intelligence was kept up to a very high dogree by constant inter- course It was a distnot where religiouB feeling wns so strong that in all parts of tho electorate thoro were more places for the worship of God than there wore public houses (Cheers ) It waB no wonder that a district like that produced noblo mon and women Whon ho wis amongst his constituents every man seemod to omulato his neighbour to trent him as his guost, and ho wns generally taken through the district by a cavalcade of fifty or sixty horsemen (Cheers.) Ho had been elected on three differ- ent occasions by the constituency of Kiama, and ho had an attachment for that constituency which it would be im- possible for him to find woids to descube in too glowing colours Ho had already appealed to his lato constituents for re-election He had recciv ed from them a requisition signed by upwards of 400 electors, the names having been collected m the course of a day and a half, and in the Íciting rain (Choers ) Of course ho could not refrain rom responding to such a generous and spontaneous invi- tation , but before ho received that requisition, ho had alreudv placed his services at tho disposal of his lato consti- tuents, because ho felt that, after tho attacks which had been made upon him for doing what his conscionco told him he did from the purest and highest motives-(cheers)-ho conBÎderea that it waB his best course- his only straight- forward and honest course - to appeal to tho verdict of his lato consti'ucnts. He oue-ht to explain also that to- day ho received a deputation from a neighbouring consti- tuency, to present him with o numerously bigned roquiai ti< n to stand for that olectorato It wns whilo occupying this position of embarrassment that he had rooeivea the noblo requisition containing, he behoved, moro thaa 2100 nnmos, which had been to- day piosented to Sir James Mai tin and himself (Che°rs ) Ile was neked, in conjunction with his late colleague, to allow himself to bo nominated for the representation of this olectorato, and, notwithstanding the eircumstanceB which ho had explained to them honestly and plamly, notwith- standing that ho hud declared himself a candidate for Kiama, nctwithstanding his belief that his late constituency would re-elect him, still-looking at tho crisis in which thB countiy was, at the intorests of tho constitutional party of which bo was a member, and he hoped not altogether an unworthy rai mber-(cheers)-and looking to their wish so magnificently expressed-ho did not think he Bhould bo doing np,bt if bo withheld his consent from their nomi- nation of him (Prolonged cheering ) His public lifo was before thcin He had committod orrors,-and he should like to know where was the man who hnd not committed orrors-but if a singlo regard to the promotion of the liberty of tho people, based upon education,-upon a bold, high, and independent spirit,-if a Bingle regard to this true libert} of the people, a single íntoreet to promoto the public prospenl)-if these wero great objects for a public man to kcop constantly before him, then through twent) v mrs ho felt in his conscience that he was entitled to romo credit on that account. (Cheers A voice " Your'o not knighted yet") Ho was not ambitious for any distinction of that kind. Ho did not protend to say that any distinctionwhich the Sovereign oould confershould bo undervalued by her subjects, but ho did not wish to forget that he was nothing moro than a poor solf-educated man at the best (Prolonged cheering ) Ho did not wish to forget that ho belonged in every respoot to the people (cheers), and his ambition would be to tho full gratiliod if he died the plain Henry Parkes that ho was whon a bov, so long as there might be some who vvould say that ho hod acted wisely-that ho hod been kind to thoso who sought his kindness-that ho nevor flinched from opposition when ho thought it was his duty to on counter it-(cheers)-and that through varying fortunes, thriugh adversity, through obloquy, through desertion of frii nils, through misro] rescntation of all kinds, ho calmly looked through all this darkness, and sustained himsolf by «coing the !it.ht that one day ho know would surely burst upon bun (Cheers ) That would bo sufficient foi him As io this election, that was in their hand». If thoy thought that the triumph of right principles could bo served by his election to tho AssomMy, then ho said that it was incumbent upon them to eleot him (Choers ) If, on the other hand, they for any good reason tuought that ho ooght not to be elected, it would bo their duty most atbui cdly to ilcot some better man (Cries of " No, no ) That lEBuo ho confidently, and with an assurance that ho would not complain, whatever tho result might be, loft in their hands uno word as to tho charge which had beon most prominently lovelled against him during tho last fow months He had been described as a person who was deBirous of setting class against class [A Voice Thoy did it themselves J Hs simply gave the charge tho broadoBt possible denial-(cheers)-and hero, in this meet- ing, ss he had done m his place in Parliament, ho appcalod , to any man that heard him to point out a singlo act ot his | life that would eountcnanco and support that charge Whatever liberty he enjoyed ho would do his utmost to extend to every other living man. (Cheers ) Whatever pnvilego ho hoped for himself, he hoped to enjoy in common with tho rest of his fellow citi/ens, But ho did want every Boction of his fellow-citi7enB to bo as independent as him Belf (Chcera ) Ho did want men who possessed votes to voto as they thought propor, and not as they were told to vote by a priest, (Cheers ) He was told that he had givon ñreat offenco by a speech which ho lately delivered in Par ament, on Mr Robertson's famous Immigration Bill (Laughter ) Ho was told that that speech contained un- generous EentimcntB towards the Irish portion of his fel- low-citizens Let any man capable of reasoning, capable of making a fair examination ot that speech, got it, and road it, and ho would seo that there was this passage in it-That ho was prepared to throw open this country to tho people of Ireland without any restriction , that ho was prepared to deni out equal juhtico to the EngliBh, tho Irwh, and tho Scottish (Cheers ) But ho waa not prepared to seo his fol- low countrj mm swamped by Irishmen or Scotchmen, or anybody elao (Cheers ) Let Inshmon como hero, on 1 thej would bo received as fillow-iiti/ene Lot thom como here and POSECBB the same liberties as wo possessed, but let thtmsee that thty valued thoEC priceless hbortieB Lot them stand up like men and boldly exorcieo thoso privileges irrespective of dutotion from without,-lot them volo as their consciences directed, aa tho laws of society and of Gid required th.m to vote (Cheere) Let thim exercise this franchise for the general good of oui common countrj, and every man amongst them should havo hiB right hand of fellowthip But if thoy carno hero to bo marshalled about without inquiring for thcmaehCB, and to do the bidding of other men, he aaid, and ho eaid it unhesitatingly, they were a curso to tho country (Cheors ) Let no man now say that he had con- cealed hu sentiments (Cheers ) Let no man say that ho had eaid that within tho walls of the Assombly that he was not prepared to say to the people (Cheers ) Ho had stated his opinions, ho laid his public lifo before them, and ho left the IBSUO of this great contest entirely in their independent hands [Mr. Parkes resumed his seat amidst enthusiastic cheering and waiving of hats, which lasted for some minutes lhreo cheers wero afterwards called for m honour of Mr Parkes, and lustily responded to by the meeting ] Mr DAVID BUCHA>AN carno forward amidst continued applause. Ho said that after the truthful, excellent, in- teresting, and powerful oration just delivered by hie friend Mr Parkes-(applause)-he felt inclined to havo just sat down and Bald nothing He oould have listened to such a display of eloquence for another hour But ho felt callod upon to state, as shortly and concisely as possible, the grounds upon which ho asked the suffrages of tbo elocters of East Sjdney. It was now over two years and a half sinco ho mixed in the turmoil and hard labour of political life in this country The reaBon of that was thit ho waj in England during those two years and a hi If Vi hilst there ho was received with the greatest lonsiderntion by men ef the most eminmt position as poll ticisns , and ho also dovoted himsilf to the study of the law, and lad been honoured by being called to the Bn^lish Bar (Cheers ) But he was nevertheless now thoroughlj alive to all that had tianspircd in this countrj during hi» absence At tho time he lift this colonv, the tiovorninont bud jtifct succeeded m passing triumphantlj the Public SchoolB Act And ho had no doubt that his friend, Mi Parkes, woula bear bira witness thit ho was one of th most earnest and /eolotis supporters of that great mci ure (Applause) The friends of that mi taure met with eon Hderijble opposition, not from the laity, but from tho pries hood, of the K mun Catholic Churth and also from th ilergy of the Church of England The Act was piesel notwithstanding auch great opjotition lho clergy of .the Church of England, from the Bishop of Sjdney downwards, were now, however, so gratified with the extraoidinary results of that groat measure of national good that thej had been disarmed of all further opposition and thej now accepted the measure as a great national booD lfcc clergy of tho Church of England, notwith Btandmg thoy at tint opposed tho measure, now came for ward in the true spirit of honest men, and manfully ox p-CEfcd their approval of an Act which had done such a large amount ot public good But with regard to the othei portion of the opposition, it had, so far as he could see, m creased in strength and deepened in virulence-he meant tho opposition of tho Roman Catholic priesthood (Hear, hear ) He desired to siy no word of evil against persons following that faith, he did not desire to say a word against the priesthood of the Roman Catholic Church, and he did not desire to have the name of Roman Catholic in his mouth, if thej would only keep themselves in their places (Applause ) But when a man sought to occupy tho high position of representative in Parliament, ho was bound to speak ont, and to speak tho truth. In the language of John Knox, he was in that position in which he was demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth ho (Mr Buchanan) would speak. Ho msintained that the character of the ojpoBitiun to the Public Schools Act was in the highest degree unjustifiable, insolent, and intolerant Such oppo sit ion was arrogant and pretentious to a degree that would rouse tho sp rit of every man who was worthy of tho name (Applause ) During the passing of the Act ho never hentated to characterise that opposition as it deserved to bo charaitoriBcd, and always spoKO what ho believed to be the truth aicording to his conscientious convictions He would have been unworthy of his seat in Parliament if he had quailed to an eccltsiaatical or any other power Ho, in coi ji notion with others, supported the Public Schools Act, meeting the opposi ion face to face, and fighting with it inch by înih, until it had crumbled up to powder The Act had resulted in great national good, and its good fruits wen everj where springing up , the education of the chu dun was iturjing joy and satisfaction to the hei rts of all tho fathers and mothers of the country But in face of all the unmistakable good winch it was producing, tho Roman Catholio priest hood Btill ad birt el in their opposition to it, and had aitu allj made it the lBSUe of the present election (Cries of shan e ) Under such iircumBtances it behoved every man who Bought the suffrages of the pooplo to Bpeak out, fearless of an v const quemes He demanded tor himself tho free right and privilege to worship according to his conscionco and whilst he demanded that right for himself, ho was pro pared to concede it to every other man (Applause ) He had i o desire to bring Giserualifiiation or disability to anj n an on account of his religious profession But if any budy of ecclesiastics interfered in a dictatorial spirit with the Civil Government of the country, he would bo the first man tooppOEO them (Oheor3, and cries of " Go it, David, we will stick to j ou ' ) Ho did not deny the right of the Roman Catholic priesthood, or any other priesthood, to opposo the A t They were invited to take advantage of it, and send their children to a Public school, where they would get nothing but good, and como out accom- plished men and women (Laughter and choers ) If tbey declined to toko any advantage of it, but built up Echools for themtelves let them do so, they might then teach what thoy liked-they might then teach the children onv conceivable dogma of monstrosity they could conçoive Thcy'would got no interference from him But when tho Parliament of the country passed any groat national meat uro of public education, every scotion of the communitv ought to be cbedient to ite edicts, and ought to comply with its regulations It was not for any ono sect to dictate, and soy how the provisions of such an Act must be altered to please them (Cheors) It would bo ecclesiastical op Íression, and no man ought to stand that for a minute le shtuld always bo prepared to struggle for those n¿hts without which life itself would be valueless, and which would be very soon out of our hands if a certain section of tho coma unity had their own way (Hear, hear ) Ho aeked what issue was before the country ( Tho only questions before the country that ho could Beo wero, whether this grand mensure of public odu cation was to be maintained or not, and whether the nd valorem duties wcte to bo abolished or not He had bein a consistent and poreistent opponent of the ad valorem duties and ho behoved that he had voted against every measure that Mr Samuol had introduced And with rep ard to tho Education Act, he should never alter hiB opinic ns, and he would bo prepared to sacrifico everything, evtn his 1 fe, rather than allow any ecclesiastical body to have thtir own way with regard to that Act (Applause ) He would now proceed to draw attention to tho position he occup ed in the Legislative Assembly at the time his friend Mr Pnikes was returned a member for Kiama He had Been BO much iniquity in the Government under Mr Cowper-ho had teen BO much baso pandering to every vilo influente-be had Been so much readiness in that Government to bow to every power that could solicit any- thing from it, and he had seen so much demoralisation in that Government-that ho left thein in disguBt, and became a el ring opponent He nover lost an opportunity of ox poB ng tin in to lonttmpt and ndioulo, and thoy gave him mnple materials for doing so Ho behoved ho dofeatod them on five distinct occasions in ono session There was nothing tho Cowper Government attempted to do that had not bai eness at il s foundation Could ho point to a moro des- picable act than the appointment, to tho offico of Treasurer, of a pert on who bad nover opened his mouth in Parha n ent-a mere lad, without experience and without any knowlcdgo of finances, and that, too, when our finances woro in a very complicated and unsatisfactory state i (Cheers ) Ho did every thing In his power to opposo such a corrupt Governn ont Mr Parkes afterwards carno inte Parliament, and st on put the finishing Btroko upon it Shortly after that Mr Parkes carried a volo of want of confidonco, and tho Government wero dismiasid from office. Ho then attached himself to tho Govcrnmeut that was formed And ho miL,ht Bay, that ho would not have givon tbo Govern- ment an hour s Bupport had it not been for the high genius, sound contt tutionnl VIOWB, and largo ability possessed by Mr Parkes. (Applause ) He thought all the intellect of i tho HOUBO Bupportod the Government of which bir Jamos ' Martin and Mr Parkes were members Every act of thit Government received his warm concurrence In addition to tbo Public Schools Act, that Gol ornmont pissed many other measures fe r the amehoratinL, of tho misery which existed ia the colcjiy, nnd for thebettei manrigcBKnt of Institutions for the lame, halt, Wind, and poor. The country had had a new face put upon ii since the advent of the Martin-Parkee Government On lis late visit to England he hoard the highest enccm tims passrd upon Mr. Parkes by some of the moBt ciilighter ed men in England. And ho thought ho was not far wioi g in the cour o ho had adopted m giving the Martin Paikus Government hw warmtBt support (Cheers ) Since 1860 ho hnd been, up to within tho lost year or two, a memb r of tho Par! ament of New 8onth WOIOB. HO had been most regn or and constant in his attendance, and had rarely lost a ¿hence of rt cording his voto , and ho challenged tho cloEost Bcrutiny of tho votes which he had given. Let (hem look through those votes and crltioiee every one, and if they could discover a vote of his which thoy could even torture into being unfavourable to the beet in- terests of tho people of this country ho would retiro from tho erntest. (Cres of "No, no") It waa not many representatives who after nine or ten years could honestly say that. Ho had no selfish ends to advance by going into Parliament, but had Bimply striven to give practical effect te the strong, earnest, and deop convictions as to what was right, religiously as weU as politically. Ho had voted all through for free trado He had always been opposed to the union of Church and State as being inimical to religion, and ns not being beneficial either to the clergy or tho people. He had voted for manhood suffrage and tho ballot, ho had voted for the Land Aot, and ht ped again to vote so as to make that a still moro useful measure, for he considered it was very susceptible of emei dment With regard to tho present Government, hethoightwo had seen enough of euch a miserable com binnlun. Having no principles, they had, in their official capacity, ueod their power to bribo sects to support thim. Their Immigration Bill was ne thor more nor leas than a paltry miserable bribe in- tended to purchnso the votes of Roman Catholic voters. In fact tie whole cenduct of the Ministry had beon contempt- ible, tnd unworthy of consideration by right thinking moa Tho ac ion of tbo Opposition m no way challenged admit at on more than in their compelling this Government to eui render-to confront the people (Cheers) After an udiournmcnt fir six months the present Government called Purlismcnt together on the ovo of its expiratton, and then broni.ht fenvrrd a list of sham measures merely to citch tbo i otos of different sections of the community They wire inciipablo of conceiving a policy, and their conduct had been dcmcralising in tho extreme. Why were tho Riman Cetholics to a man supporting this Government t (Cheers) Simply because this Government were pledged to carry out tbo views of that pneBthood if it succeeded in rtstonng them to power. Tho inteifcnnce of that priesthood in politics was an insult to the peoplo, and, if returned to Parliament, he would do his utnitBfejko hurl Lorn power a Government that would form such an wpholy alliance Clergy of the Church of England, cleriyof the Wesleyan Church, or of the Presbyterian Church, never inteifered wi'h politics in any way. (Cheers ) They did net degrado their sacred offico by ¿restituting it to tho basest of all possible purposes-by making it tbo means of rescuing shipwrecked Ministers Nothing filled bim with deeper disgust than to think that men bers of the Government had assembled at a public brcal fast at the beck and call of the priests of St. Mary's (Cícera.) What did the pries's want with this Govern mtnt that they invited thom to a public breakfast on a Sunday morning { (Cheers ) The Mimstors, knowing so litllo of i heir public duty-regarding their character as representatives eo lightly-went to this ecclesiastical political breakfast [A voice " And on a Sunday morning, too " This took place m Sydney, and was an otamplo of tho lergtha to which these Ministers would go in buying iver any power by the help of which thoy could retain i flice. Ho trusted that tho peoplo wero thoroughly inocu- lated w th sound views of secular government, and that i ny b dy of CCCICBII tics would find it a despairing work to etfempt to intimidate such a Government as wo would put m power-a Govirnment that vvould do justice to all, but accept insult from tono-(applause)-a Government that would stiuggle and strain every nene to advance the people nnd increase the prospen'} of the colony Ko should huvo other or poi .unities of addrce-ing the electors, and as the 1 our was late, ho would re crvo what he had to any until another 01 portumty. (Continued applause ) On the motten of Mr, - Marlin, seconded b) Mr M M. Campbell, a largo portion of the meetng formed them- selves into a corrnnttee to sect re the return of Sir James, Martin, Mr Henry Parkes, and Mr David Buchanan Mr JTAr\R was loudly called upon to speak, und carno fonvord amidst great cheenng. Ho expressed his Batufac 11 nat euug Buch a largo gathering of doctors ot East Sy dncj doing honour lo his friend Mr Parke», whom he hoped to seo returned by a large majority. As the hour was lute, he rcBcried what he had to Bay until ho had an i pportunity of addressing the electors of WcBt Sydney The CHAHIMAN informed the meeting that Sir James Martin's abai nee was unavoidable. A vote of thunks was given to tho chairman, aftor which three hearty cheers wore given for the Queen, three for Sir James Martin, Mr Parkes, and Mr. Buchanan. On leaving the hall, Mr Parkes was Burrounded by a large number of his friends, and escorted to his residence in Vt ynyaid square, c> eerir g being kept up all the way. On arriving at nemo, three more lusty cheers were given for Mr. Parkes , ai d the assemblage did not disperse until he tad n ade h s appearance on the balcony. He then again that kid the o'ectira for the expression of their goodwill to- wards bim. 