ADVENTUBES OF A TEEATBE PRO P1UETOB. [FROM STillNO CKEEK LEADEn.l Wo have to relate one of the most rcmsrk tble episodes in real lifts that has yet beon revealed on this gold-field. About three months ago, a rcspeotably- dressed, smart-lonkinf; Gen tleman inako3 hiB tleiit on Spring Crertc, as tho partner in a flourishing hotol and theatre business. He introduces nn accomplished young lady as his \v&j;,aad by his activity and gentlemanly habitp, makes himself con spienons amongst his convivial friends, and becomes a general favorite both off asd on tho stage. His personal appearauce, raven hair, neat wcll-trimjjad jot moustache, polite manners, fAshionoble nttiro and goofi address, rendered him a liou among Jiis gender, the pride of tho platform, and bolovod of tho barmaids. Ho goes to Melbourne, engages a company, tells luem of a magnificent hotel, commodious tbestro, crowded Iioksbs, liberal diet and wages, -and thoy fold up thair muslins, pack ap their elippora, wigs and weapons, and fiu&Uy; bid adioa to tho metropoJie to pursue their careor on n new Eldorsdo. Arrived at their destination, ideal visions of comfortable quarters, magnificent buiMiuga rcui wealthy proprietors are dispelled. Weatherboard wallH, unplaned and unpainted ; audiences, demon strative enough, breathing forth 'volumes of Emofco, form part o! tho dreary prospect. Tho curtain fell on act the first, and tho deluded damoel3, tho too confiding father, nnd the gay professionals vrere undeceived. The prospect was anything but pleasing— money anything but plentiful. Certainly thero vraa plenty to cat and drick and bo merry with, for storekeepers *-ero crodnlons, wine and spirit merchants eager for orJors, and tho firm ranked high in public estirnnt.iou. Tho theatre was nightly crowded. Our friend D. sang aud acted on tho plfttform, walked the otngo with the majestic airs of on old professional, whilo his partner J. brought forth melofiies, sweet, magical and bewitching, with the tacch of the bow in the orchestra beneath. Hovre-ver, there is an ond to all things, and there was an end to D.'a daya of felicity and conjugal blisB. Creditora became pressing, benefits bscame plontifnl, so plentiful that at last they would not take. Even tho Heathcote hospital withdrew its support and ad ministered a stiarp rebnko to the pro prietors for using ita name fur their advantage ; rapacious bnmbailiffd haunted tho housa night and day. The money taken at the doors d'is appemred, and poor servants wanted to know you know where tho proceods went to. R-its forsako a sinking ship, and the public began to forsake the Varieties. There was an attempt made to resuscitate the fallen prodigy,- but it proved fruitless'. Tho onco gaudy curtains grew du3ty with disuse ; the scenery lost its gay effect, and the brilliantly lighted hall re velled nightly in darliness ; tho paint fled from tho forlorn countenances of tho disap pointed company; the wires of tbe won derful ' appolonian antiphone ' vibrated no raoro by the touch of the unpaid lingers, and tho ' Marionettes ' concealed their antics in a cordial manufactory. The lively and versatile ' D.' had many pic-nic3, and tho best Sinclair's hums were gobbled up on the banks of tho Goulbnrn without tho slightest compunction, regardless ot the tradesman's bill. At length tho poor printer took tho alarm, and boat a frnitless chase, until ' D.' pleaded poverty, and ho forgnvo him. Oiio morning the hotol is closed, nnd placards an nonncing tho salo of tho property by auction cover its walls. Just about this time a sham attempt is mado to prosecute the proprietors for illicit grog sblling, but the revenue in spector is defeated — the evidence is insuffi cient — and ' D.' escapes. Tho house is sold under a bill of sale, tho brokenhoarted creditors turn np tho wbito of their eyes fo heaven, and the palo-facod actor (liko Hamlet'8 ghost) takes a last agonising look at tho scene of his mis fortunes and ' skedaddles.' But 'D,'has a bolder part to play ; ho don't run away ? by no means, although Mb fair and angelio partner of his griofs and sorrows has turned the back of her crinoline on Spring Croek, and her face towards Bfolbourno, ho lingers behind, takes up his lodgings in the centre of the township, aud forms an acquaintance with hio recent per secutor, tho revenue inspector. At an early hour ono morning the driver of a giugerbeer conveyance belonging to one of his vioiiins, himBelf on tho point of collapsing, is ac costed by ' D.,' who, for tho purpose of air ing his dark moustache and clean nanor collar, accompanies him on n tonr amongst his uumeron? customers. Of coarao some of the unlicensed shanty koepcrs suBpect the Iato proprietor of an unlicensed hotel ; and ' D.' does a capital atroka in hia now capacity of informer, securing in a very short timo no less than nearly thirty defaulters. ' D.' is much moro liberal than usual ; his thirst is in satiable, nnd his companion readily belioves him tbo jolliest of dogs. Again the curtain drops on *' D.' ; but tho interval between the scenes is short, and when next it rises tho Btage is transferred from tho Lyceum theatre to the Hoathcoto, whoro justice nits in solemn dignity beforo a crowded audience, surrounded by a portly array of lawyers, roportors, constable*, and procezs servers. One after another the unlicensed vendors of beer nre brought to account;, a few aro fined, nnd some escape. But alas ! for tho onds of jaatico, tho first of tho ' D' batch aro called upon, but the summonses aro discovered to bo destitute of the stamp and Boal, and tho day of retribution, to tho diamay of tho rovenno inspector and the quondam friend ' D.' is necessarily postponed. The cartain falls onco moro. A fow days elapse and again it rises, This timo the sceno is in the bar of an hotel in the centre of the township. Dctectivo O'Leary stands along side of ' D.' administering lo his wants and inviting bim to tako a walk. They lcavo in company, wending their way towards tV.o police station, where they bade an affectioDato farewell at the door of n padlocked building of unusual strength. In perfect amazement tho simplo amateurs caught tho news and learued.tho particulars of ' D.'a' wonderfol transformations. Tho spurious ' D' was a genuine ' O.' Bat a few montlm bo foro his raven hair, bo black and gloEsy, had been a light brown, his shaven chin had worn a bushy beard of goodly dimensions. His occupation was that of a drover. Entrusted with a flock of filleep to tako to Beech worth, he ia oaid tn hava sold 400 at Bathorglen and dacampod with tbo proceeds on tho 8th ol December last. The rest wo have a^eady related. Visiting Spring Creek immediately afterwards, he pui'chuaed e. half interest in the only large place of amusement on the rash, it is supposed with tbe proceeds of tbo floc'i. Yesterday, ho waa tho first to figure before the bench in a new court houso, and was remanded toBathergieti. Tho pro prietors of tho shaulies who wero about to be prosecuted hcM a general rejoicing, nnd sacri ficed their remaining stock of spirits at tUo shrine of persecuted Bacchna. So terminate ^ this exciting dramn for tho present, and the enrtnin involuntarily falls on the career of an ominent actor. 