THE 'VICrORIA RACING CLUB'S HEW YEAK'S DA* MEETlMG. ifTmm the Amu*. .Tannarv 2.1 ^tractive of all the festivals incident to the holidays given in celebration of the advent of the runt roar ani hplii vpstenlav on the Flemineton rOUrse. Cue scene oi uituiy xucuiurouic cijuuic ontests and of great triumphs as well as defeats it Victoria in the lists against the neighbouring olonies. The programme provided abundant port ; but the stewards were not quite so fortunate s -usual in regard to the weather, and the hreatening aspect of the day had.a very appre iable effect upon the public attendance. A uoimer race meeting on the banks of the Salt rater River is customarily associated with one f those bright and happy cloudless days which re the especial boast of .Australia Felix, nd which always seem to give the lie irect to the poet who wrote that 'man ras made to mourn.' On the present occa ion, however, St. Swithin can scarcely be said 0 have been propitious. Ihe morning broke omore and drear, several light showers fell at ntervals, and at one time the heavy rain clouds hreatentd almost to 'scarf up the pitiful eye of lay;' but as the day wore on its aspect gradually mproved, though too late U-3ecure the presence of nany who feared the wet, and by 4 o'clock the Bun iad struggled into a genial appearance befitting he occasion. Tnereis no more brilliant sight than , metropolitan racecourse on a sunny day, and, lerhape by contrast, nothing more dismal than a ace viewed from beneath a leaking umbrella, with he rain splashing around. This infliction was lappily spared those who visited Flemington yes erday. though it could not but be felt that the dull ?eather had somewhat damped the proceedings as ar as those are concerned whose only business on he course was pleasure. His Excellency the iovernor, who was accompanied by Colonel Gore kowne, the ex-Uovernor of Tasmania, and Mrs. lore Browne, with Miss Manners Sutton, and lieutenant KothweU, A.D.C., occupied tbe portion if the Grand Stand reserved for them, and remained mtil the Steeplechase had been run. The bell rung for the first race of the day imme [iately after the arrival of the Viceregal party, and t field of six answered the summons. Those most ancied were Dolo, Potatoes, and Little King. ?he condition of the majority of the horses that feigned out was not particularly good, if we except ills, who stripped the picture of health, and from he excellence of his outward form many prophe ied a successful result. Two of the favourites— )olo and Potatoes-lost whatever chance they may lave possessed by falling, the former when his rinuinx seemed almost a certainty. The above ontretemps left the contest to Prince Alfred and ili?, the tormer winning easily by three lengths. L'he victory, of course, was an unexpected one, md the ring men were in ecstacies at so successful m opening. Fortune, however, did not favour he layers in the succeeding event, the Flem ngton Stakes, for Charon, upon whom odds fere laid by his admirers, won a fine race after an inciting struggle with Gondolier. As a whole, the roungsiers were not a bad lot; but Charon appeared 1 very Triton among the minnows when Morrison nounted him in the paddock. He is an extremely landsome and powerful colt, with four white feet, i kind, bloodlike head, excellent shoulders, very ine arms and thighs hocks splendidly let down, md back of extra -rdinary strength. Bis fore legs vere slightly disfigured by a couple of splints, joth of which, however, have been successfully reated by his trainer. His commanding style soon attracted the attention of the cognoscenti, vho unanimously pronounced him the finest :woyear-old ever seen on the course, and one ikely to do credit to his well-bred sire, Ferryman, vhose stock are of great promise. Another of this mrse's progeny was the handsome and well shaped little colt, Derby, whose dam. Chrysolite, liad evidently transmitted much of her own quality :o her son. The dark Gondolier did not strike the ;ye very favourably in consequence of his small size, but there was a wear-and-tear appearance ibout him which betokened a thorough game one; i nd as his couditii.n was of the best there were not n few who regarded his chance with favour, from the fact of hit. Fisher starting his colt a trifle stout. The Sydney-bred Cojur-de-Liou. although a fine specimen of the thoroughbred horse, was entirly friendless; but we shall be much mistaken if this colt does not see a bette; day, as he comes from a strain of blood which improves with age. Uallant was in very fair form, but he is hardly the class of horse, we think, to cope successfully with with such 'clinkers.' as Charon and Gondolier. The race needs but little description, as the favourite jumped away in front, and was never headed, the only formidable opponent amongst his competitors being Gondolier, who struggled on with great garneuess to the finish, and was only defeated by a neck, a result mainly attributable to the fine riding of Morrison, who materially assisted his horse when the real simple commenced. Derby looked very formidable as they swept into the straight, but oppisite the carriage-paddock he either overreached himself or crossed his leg', broke his back, and fell powerless to the ground, and we are sorry to say thas Mr. Lang, who was riding the colt, was seriously injured by the fall, the cap of his knee being broken, while the back portion of his body also suffered severely from the concussion. He was quickly removed from the course to his own house, where he received medical aid. From the latest accounts we learn that lie is in a very weak state. What might 1« considered the principal race of the i ay cume next upim the li?t, and a notice ap pe;irin^ upon the board to the effect that Mr Wilson declared to win with My Dream caused the flying daughter of old Fisherman to become a wanner favouri'e than ever, and even money was laid on her against the field. Tne tavoui i'e looked a very different animal to what she did at the spring meeting, and created a far more favourable impression than was anticipated, owing to a rumour having gained currency I hat she was altO; pettier too light. .Mr, Tail's colt. The Earl, wa ked unmistakably stiff behind when he left his box, iii id as he galloped very 'feelingly' in his pre liminary, tne success of the dangerous yellow jacket was regarded as a matter of doubt. A great deal of curio^iiy wxs exhibited to take stock of the erey c ill Antelope, anil we can safely aver t'lat no finer candidate ever stripped for Derby honours. He is a remarkably nice colt, with excellent points ail over, and iud it not been for a slight stoppage in his work, caused by a cold, it is more than probable that Mr. Moffatt's filly would not have achieved such an easy victory as she did. Gasworks, a strapping representative of the Fisher man family, also came in for a large share of atten lion, and looked remarkably well, notwithstanding that the dull colour of her coat detracted some what from her appearance. She is a much more powerfully-shaped (illy than her stable companion, and her style of galloping, although not so taking peihips as that of My lJrcj.ui, is sufficiently good tu convince us lhat she is not only a flyer, but a stajer also. Ragpicker looked none the worse for htr spell since the spring; but it was evident from the disinclination of her owner to invest upon her that she was not prime enough for the task before her. Koo weerup and Prxtor were clearly our of their clement amongst the cracka, but the latter may yet see a better day as he advances in age. Melancholy Jaques and Werribee were in very fail condition, but they likewise were in company much alKive their stuion. The Amator colt weut very glow as he cantered past the Stand, and the contrast between bis stilty style of going and the grand manner in which My Dream extended herself was something wonderful to wiruess. Directly aftei starling. My Dream, who g»t off badly, rushed through her horses as if they were standing, assumed the lead at the turn, maintained it tc the finish, and won in a common canter ir first-class time. A more hollow ali'air it ha: never been our lot to witness, and a; there was no mistake in the time, it is quite certain Mr. Moffatt possesses an animal of nc ordinary pretensions. The success of a Victoriar horse was hailed with delight by the crowds or the hill and tl it, both horse and rider coining ir; fir a great ovation as they returned to scale. The detractors of the Fisherman stock were rather sur prised at the very easy victory of his speed] daughter, aud expressed great astonishment whet Gasworks flew first past the post in the Mid summer Handicap. So matter what adverse opinions may exist as to the quality of the Fisher man stock, it is beyond scepticism that the onlj animals able to strike the 11 lg of the .New Soutl: Wales men are those owe their existence to the oli fleron horse; and though some of his stock cu up badly at the late Spring Meeting, the doings o: Charon, Gondolier, My Dream, and Gasworks wil go a great way t j establish the reputation of thi celebrated hero as a first-glass sire. The Midsummer Handicap was shorn off some of its brilliancy through the absence of Warwick, whose defection from the ranks caused a rush to be made upon Gasworks, the latter' s performance in the Derby being considered good enough to entitle her to the premier position in the betting market. The scratching of Warwick was commented upon in no very favourable terms by a certain few; but we think it but due to Mr. 'i'ait to state, that the starting of the horse would have caused an utter breakdown. The result of the race clearly de monstrated that it was 'Fisherman's day out,' for his daughter came directly she was called upon,* and won a last-run race in splendid style by three lengths. At an interval of about half an hour another of the great events was set down for decision, and tbe preparation of The Barb and Glencoe lor the struggle was the .signal for a rush to get a gjimpse of tbe two cracks. Each bad a largecircle of admirers, aivl although the black wonder was not so full of tuu-cleas lie might have been bad his owner been enabled to send him along as fast as he wished during his preparation, he was quite well enouph to cause his backers to remain confident of victory. The chesnut, too. reflected the greatest credit on young Stanley, who hail charge of the horses during Ashworth's absence: and the absurd notions prevalent that Mr. Tail's success is princi pally owing to a large share of luck, received a satisfactory rebutting answer in the ap pearance and condition of his horses, which ought to have satisfied the most prejudiced mind that his numerous victories are principally owiDg to good management. Fire works, it was palpable, had not had time enough to undergo sufficient preparation to fit him for so trying au ordeal as a severe three-mile race; and though Strop exhibited symptoms of having under gone a most car.iful training, it was well known be was not possessed cf calibre equal to the occasion., so that a victory for Mr. Tait was regarded a* a certainty, and such it was, for The Barb and Glencoe'had settled the other pair before two miles had teen traversed, and coming on at their own pace, finished as th*y liked, the black slightly in advance of his stable companion. Well may The Barb be termed a ' wonder,' seeing that this wan the third three-mile race he hart won on three successive New Year's Days, the total amount of his winnings in stakes during his career nearly reaching £10,000. ?? ; The Steeplechase was once more a 'chapter of accidents,' and owing to the , negligence of the authorities, resulted in a victory for Vikinjf. whose Buccess was the only fluke of the day. During the second round, it appears that the rails generally taken down in order to allow the horses to come into the straight were not removed, and Ballarat, Babller. and Ingleside, not observing the mistake, went on inside, thereby allowing Callanan, on Viking, to jump into the course, and steal the race out of the fire. But for this there would have been a splendid contest between the three. The running of Ballarat. with 13 st upon. his back, stamps him as one of the best, if not the very best, of steeplechaser* the colony has ever possessed. Bibb'.er also distinguished bim *elf ; but Mr. Watson's horse was leading when the mistake was made, and it is our opinion that he would hive landed the cerise jacket in front had he gone straight. Ingleside also looked dan gerous up to this point, but none of the others bad the ghost of a chance after Bacchus felL The £50 flate enued in an exciting struggle between Palladium and Salem Scudder, the mare defeating the favourite by a head. Tins brought an excel lent day's sport to a close, - 