ANNUAL CRICKET MPATOIH. ORT?TI V. OUT. The annual match between elevens selected from the cricketers of the Northern and Southern portions of the Island took place at Hobart Town on Monday and Tuesday. We take the `follow. ion.account, of the game from the Hobart. Town journals: First Doay-londay, Dec. 27. Certainly "a game' s never lost until. t I woo" .hbut fortune, "fickle Jade,"'miat be par. tfcalarlyjfavorabl to the crlcketers of SBothern Tasmania if they evaetually win the unitch that wasncommoenced:, between them, and. the knlghts of. the willow in the North. Of, this, however, there is' little probability,` as they are, like the little boat; "a long way behind." The public having anticipated a 'close 'odneat' were keenly disappointed at the resultlof the first day's play, the more so as.the local team had been confident in their. expectations of gainfuoog a victory. Though previously our own men were the favorites amongst ourselves, yet' no, sooner were the two elevens seen together, inte'rmlngling in conversation before the game commenced, than the superiority, of.,thor, opoppent was manifeet. Plainly was it to be seen that the 'Soolliern men were physloallr inrlerior to the Norttern men, and a very aliuht attebtlon to the game was eufl ficient to convince that they were to a still graoter extent inferior as regarded a practical cquain. tance with.the noble old English game of ericket. It was the general opinion that the local me', that is to say some of them, have more conceit of their skill than real knowledge of acricketlng, and that the wrong eleven had been choeon. Of course there were good.. players among them, but others were-to uns0 0 common and vulgar' but' very expressive colonial teorm -"duffer'," tile veriest "duffore." We must give them all the credit they deserve. , Consider. irig tile strength brought to bear against them, their batting,wae, on the whole good, but their fieolding wa execrable, and their bowling as bad Great proficiency was elhlbited by the Northern teamr in their batting, and their bawling was ox. cellontL. .Their.fiolding cannot be. said to have 'been good, though contrasted with that of their competitors it was, it we may be allowed the ex. pres?lon, super.excellent. All things taken into consideration, the weather could not have bee p better for the occaaloon. Everyrthing being in resdlness the core many of losanIg was gone through, and the . usal" privilege havinge been won by the Northerners, they sent their oppo nents to the wickets. The Northern team wore commanded by Mr. W. H. Walker, who acoted as wlket keeper, J. Martin being' his longetop. Whitesides and Barclay were the' first to take up positions at the wickets for tho South, and Daley opened . fire by , making o an . attempt .to take the stumps protected by the bat of: Whileaides without avail. The second ball 'wes cut by Whitesldea for one, and a bye a having been obtained for tIle next, the third was I hit well away by Barclay, who scored two. Daloy's bowling was very straight, swift, low, and dangerous. T, iogg took up the bowling, and I had :a miden over, after which fiarclay made a hit to leg.for two.off DaBey. Whitesidea only I added another to his small score of one,, and wa? I then caught by Martin through striking at a high pitched ball, and sendlog it straight up into the I air. E.O: Giblin then took the balt, and ,Ith Barclay played. very carefully, 'but the i?tter with all his stosdinoss was, after the had scored t six, howled by Hogg; the game then standing two t wickets down for fourteen rune. :. Perry took a the place..vacated.by Barclay, and was shortly afterwards joined by M.'Coverdalo, blia previous I partner GOlblin being given out leg before.wicket. I 'Gilini scored three. Perry anad Coverdale went. through'six overs Without getting a mark, and a then Corerdale broke his duck egg with a pretty i draw for one. Perry following with another 1 plugl, ?uech bptesmo q obtained another grst a4 I thin Glynn tookthe!' b hnll e DRY.y,:HI is bowllng was slower than that of bhelOprrdecaeser, and more likely for cstbe, so the field wore pilced alone in, Some mtn sU erlthe ensued, and then Perry made a apiital ?dive to the off for, throo, after \whiob Coverdale cleverly scored two. These players brought the coore un to thirty, and 'Walker then commenced to bowl lustead of G(yvn, 8t111 taking hie position as wicket keener. Walker's bowling was. the old slow underhnod style, and was easily mnanaged, especially at firat, when bolng short pitched they could have been driven to any part of'tbhefeld. Fronm.hie third b?il two were oh. tSined by Coverdale, who sulsequently calted a run to be lost through neglecting to run, though his .partnor came right down to his crease, Throunlh Coverdale's inertness Perry narrowly esopoed being run out. Perry was by tllstime ,well in and be got one, and subsequently three off Walker. A two obtauind by Covcrdale made the score forty. Covordnle's next tiit waS to send the ball straight into the hands of Ilaymes, who, however, coald not hold it, though it was one of the easiest catches imaginable, and another run was pot. Coverdale followed this up by gotting two off Hogg and three off Walker, and Perry got another one with a pretty hit straight along the ground. Walker brought COverdeic's lonings , to a close for fifteen ruon by an unerring slow, four men belnp thao deposed for fortyleight runs. G. Davies accepted the vacancy and took the leather from Walker. The. banll stec something, went up. wards, and was caught by Still, and tile umpire gave Davips out., Thqre was a difference of opinion as to whether the decislin was a correct one;' 'Davies maintained that he did' not touch tile ball, and others agreed with him, while others again expresced a contrary view. Under these circumstancee, as the umpire was confident in his 'own judgment, it was gracefully accepted. Birch thoun went to the wicket, and kept his poet for a length of time, making the hilghest score on his tide, thirty.one.i Perry encoeeded in getting seventeen, and was then eaught by Glynn, S1x ,wickets for 52. G. T. Scott succeeded Perry and scored one off Hoge, and Birch mado a 'very pretty odt for two off the same howler. Walker in his reemaining overs pitched full and close In the wickets, but the ball was well pliyed down, and some good scoring was made, particularly by Birob., Ho1g' badexhausted.bimself by this time, and his 'place'was taken, by H..Barreiet, In -his first over' the, ball was eonsiderably? punished ' both: by Birch 'ndd Sceott, though' he threw surer afterwards.- In the next over from Walker, Scott tipped a ball' that he'sliotld have played well down, and weas iught i't the wickat by Datiey'who ran in t' the'nick of time. Scott's score wasee eight. Seven out for eeveoty.fiie rost, E. Butler followed, auds broke ,the egg from off Walker's fourth ball, and ino the next over from Walker, Birch, who was getting need to the slows, ran out and met them, and bythis means inooreased his score. Butler made only. four, and wae then bowled out by Walker. He made his score by two singles, and, a very pretty, Iis- favourlte,rhit to low' for two. E. Freeman succeeded' him. He escaped being stumped out at the commence. ment of his career, in coilsequence of Still'ot I being so active as he might 'have been, but the escapes did not avail.him muoh, for he was caught by Barrett, and had to carry a ducks egg tiith hilm.,- R. Barnes, who followed, though he did notlnorease the total figures, stuck to the wileseti, srid enabled Birch to do'some godd 'executlon Blrch.'was,caught at thi wicket,by 8Sjll,-off a slow ball from- Walker, and' tle innings' ofltihe Southerners thus terminated for '"ninety.foc? runs. ,''Ano adjournment was then made for lunchelon. and after the good thlngs of ihi'llie that had been provided by Host Cowborn 'of the Jolly Hatters lHotel, had been; to epldy familiar phraseology,ý'done ample justice to; the Southern team took the field olersathe- cap taincy of Whiteeldos,1 Barclay .oflnlating...as wicket keeper, and the captaino as Olongseop. The wickets were defended at either end by W. Douglas and H. Stewart, bohtt,of whenm from their style' gave 'Indlaionl of being "'stickers' No exerotion was done notil the filth boll uwe delivered. This was from Perry, and was sent away on to long field by Douglas. ',It: wes strcok pretty high, and Scott made energetlc attempts to eatch it, but he had too for; to run; ansd two were scored. Butler bowled at the otelbr enl, and would, hane made a,first maiden over, hut that Douglas at tbo last' ball'meade a bril* liant cut to leg for one.' .Tbhe 'play' bf 'boh1 Doiglas' and Steowart was qlet and scientltfc and as it was known that.they were not the plicke men of the team, it at'once eabwod ho~, the ref olt olwould hu. Butler is a very 'swift owler, ind ne he 'was placel at the end where be had the wind in his favor it was to the dis.dvantage of the Iatsmen, but they were equal io it,' ind though they did not make large scores,. Douglas standing at .seven ard' Stewart sat eleven, they remained sufficiently Iopr at tise wickets to break tie bowling. Several' chances' wereniesed by' the field wtich was placed much too wide spart.z Twico Douglas might heave been oaauht out had tbo men been within: range-.as it .w'as, the ball wan sent time after time where there was no one to stop it. :Douglas was ultimately caught by. Birch,- having, as Wbitealdee had done pre. viously, struck at, a ball .that- was .Jhrown high. T. Hogg next wielded the bat, and directly he went In it was seen that he meant mischier. Dangerous balls'he dealt with sioentifically, btl wherever there :was the llightesti' chance, he " slogged'' at them, and made his ones,.twos, and threes alth remarkable ease and rpidllty. He, bhd n?t long taken' up position before Soweart. sucoumbed to a splendid stooting' roand.arm boll from Boutler-ono of the very few good ones;he 'delivered.. Glynn followed Stowart, and'betw'en him and logg,tho fieold were kept Iniactive wbrk: and.the bowlers io a perpetual:etatg of goauterpa'f lion. Especially to be admired was the batting of Glyno. It was gracefil, solentifio, and effective, The howlers could do nothing with him. Perry did hie best. Barnes was stationed In the place of Butler. Whitesldos tried his elows (and a tmels he made of them), Davies ilad a try (but wae, " nut o' sorts"); Biroh tried his prowess, anud Freeman essayed to break into ,the; wickets, but all their attempts failed until Hogg had ran up a' score of 'thirty.seve, when he' wes caught by Giblin off a ball from'Davids.. Glyon msdo the magolficenti acore of onavety.a*l, the top ecore of the present season lit the isleud, and will likely be presented with a hqt by th S.TO, Asasoelatoion. During the 'itimo these two wer in,e tieo'leldlng 'waes'eUrrltlly Uadt. ,There eeeoied to be no mansgen nt. Where the balli were driven by the batmen 'there were no fild: ers,' Twos and threes were scoredl in rapid sit.. cession, and no less thnan thirtyrfour byes, five leg byes and seveon wide balls were eounted. YWhlielesidee as long atop seemed Io be "all at eas," and in foct the whole field were useileess,, A far as concerned the fielding of the Sootheroerse the game weas a.perfect travetleo ou oricket., No less then seven easy etches were missed, not ialhid' Ing two that were lost thirough the sue bei?g teo strong, nod'right Io froot of the fielder, and a number ot bunglee were made that 'gove to tie Northern teaon sover'l runs, 'wlee as'hndred: and three nrice 'bid ticen bebtirred iodl'ey"throe?, wickets 'were down, end 'Stlll "ahd' Glyn I 0l creased that noneor to a huodred and tweoty' rseve, when Still whomade thirteen was bowled by Barnes, whone howling' fron'thil time much Improved. .Walkor, .who followed -Stil,--w!a? not in his asual trim, at oie made twenty three rene, end a' totaleof'' liundte'd end? seventy.one lad been enatered ino ta. scorer's books when Glynu 'was caught and bewled by Brneee. -F. Haymes followed, but he oriln - made three, when he was bowled by Freeman' and was succeeded by Colillo, who we assent ogt by a wirlft shooter from Barnoes, with'twelve runs, Walker, as before ' mentioned, made twenty-throo; and thoen " 'gave p the ghost being bowled by B eru tes, A t 'thbl o stge, rg wiolkete were dowtn for twvo hudr'edid nnd'twebtl rune, Barrettohavlng taken hbe pelacb of Iltayes. DBley took the place of Walker, 'arid: snorced: 1 in good style,.when. ho .wae oaght by, BeretaY from olf. a ball by" Whiticades ,iiurrett bhs'vlojXr createda' 'acancy for Mtirti"ln conceequences ' being in an over from Batler caught by BUrnee. Nine wlckets wene down for two bhundred and lirIy rOuas aid tug for two hundred asd ?$sni eigbt, Martin boleiignot out. And th.u sonoltdod the first innings of the match. 'There were very few'pooplo on the cricket grotlnd, but there was a' large gathlering outsldo. This was probably In eonoequeneo of the charge of sixpoence belng medo for admislonn, The olhrgo was a very proper ,!nec, considering the expens the o ssociation has been put to in erecting tile fence, and improving the ground, and it is a pity that the proceede of admission wore not greater. • Appended ere the scores of the game: O8UTII- FeasT IemtxNs. D. Barclay, h Hogg ..................... i Whitesdes. o Martin, b [leogg...... .2 E. O, Giblin, Ib.w., Daley.......... , 0, ''. :Perry, a Glynn, i Rog ............ 17g':' M Coverdale. b Walker ........ ..... ' ,G. Devies, o Still, b Walker .....i.,, O. W. ' ' Birch, a Still b Walker..,...... 81 'G T.. Scott, c Daley, b Walker..i . 8" , ' ?. B ntl er, b V alkerl,....... ..... 4 " j ?:1 ". .Freeniin, c Barrett, b Walker .;, "0. :S SR.,Bernee, not out ..... ....,. ..... 0-O Byes, 6; wides, 2 ............,,, Total ...,,...... ,... ......... 04 ANALIrss or BowLeaO.-T, Daily bowled 4¢ tball,:8 tunes;' maldens,.l.wlde,.t.vileket I:Hogg 'bowled 114 balls, 20 runs, meaidens, I wide; :wiaketst . Glynn bowled 12 balls,0 runse Walker ` bowled 92 bhalls, 7 roue,' 2 maidens,' 6 wicketbi 'B'rrett'b'owled 06 ballesila raul, I maiden: ' NORTH -Fnlas I al eeae. `.,".; at C W: D6nglae, a Birch, b Ei Butler;- 7' H. Stewart, hE. Utlie' . ;.;,,;.?. T. Heog, a Glblin, h Daviee`,. .:.'. 87. Wi W.T, GTlenn0 c & birn'i'..?',,.;?,7a'l 78 , R Still, h Birneo b?.'.. ....W ..".. 1 IV. il. Wt , Wlkor, b'Bere .;...:.;.'iI 23 F. Hsymene b Fireemain.. '; ....... W. Collins, blornes ............ 12 , i . nBrrett, oBarnes, bBuller ........6 : T. Daley c Bsrclay, b ?iVhiteslde... l10 J. Marti; not out................. f : Byte, 4; leg byes, 5; wide., 7... 46 i, Anxerae. or BowuLria--O. Perry bowled 72 ;ballrb, 32,rnnse,,! maliden E, Butler bowled ,I .wide,-102 balle, 84 rune, 5 maidens, 8 wlokets; IBlrnee::bowled .160 balls, 74 rune, 6 maidens, 4 wicketse Whitesides' bowled 20 balls, 20 rads, I wicket; Davies bowled I.wide, 30 balls, 31 rons, 1 maiden,- I wicket; Birch bowled 3 wides, 12 balls, 7 runs; Freeman bowled 2 widen, 30 balle, 14 runs, 1 maiden, l'wickot. 