ENGLAND AND AMERICA. From the New York Herald, April 15. Talking of tlie advantages of a war with England might astonish such timid old fogies as our Secretary of State, Mr. Fish, and men of the same narrow-minded views ; but with all the ' horrors aud cost ? of such a conflict there can be no doubt the result would be of advantage to the United States. It would put all bur shipyards, workshops, and' manu factories in full operation j vessels of every description would 'spring into ''life as if' by' magic ; the ocean would soon be covered with Alabamas of the most formidable character ; British ship's and commerce, would \ be swept' from' every sea, and in the' end' this country would become the first maritime nation in the world. As to war vessels, monitors, and all the other terrible naval engines of modern warfare, we could construct them more ra pidly than the Monitor wliich fought the Mer rimac, which only took a few weeks to prepare for the greatest naval fight in his tory. This country is comparatively invulne-. rable to British armies or ileets, and a ' war would leavo us in,the position England was in after she destroyed the Spanish Armada and tho fleets of Holland, the first naval and ma ritime nation on the globe. We say nothing of the British possessions in America, which would necessarily be lost to England and be come a part of this republic, nor of the thou sand millions of American bonds and securi ties held in that country, .which would: be ren dered unlueless. We look, only at .the quean tion-aa aflecting our shipping interests and manufactories. But there' isTno .reason to believe England would go to war. with the. United States ; she is too wise ? for . that.1 Still, war or no war, it is' absurd, cowardly, and an insult to the American people to talk' of fearing such an event. Any public man that gives .expression to fear, as Mr. 'Secretary. Fish has, ought to be kicked out of office without a moment's hesitation. ? ? From tin Saturday Review. , Mr. Sumner's adherents probably hope to excite an insurrection in Ireland, 'and they may congratulate themselves that scrupulous good faith prevented England from precipi tating the conflict when the success of a more formidable .rebellion in America might have been easily insured. A civil: war in Ireland would be a grievous ? evil ;' but rebellion would be perhaps more sternly repressed when it was promoted by a foreign enemy who could give it little effectual aid. An American army, in Ireland would be more dis advantageously placed 'than an -English army in Canada, and its destruction, and capture would enly involve a question of time and of expense. Tho pleasure with which.Americana would regard a great increase of the! English national debt would be tempered by accumu lation of an equal burden of their own, pro bably at doublo the rate of interest; After a time the war would come to an end, leaving both parties injured and exasperated, although Englishmen would not follow the American example after J783 and after 1815, by instill ing into successive generations the duty of cul tivating national animosity. 1 From the Spectator. But this we will say, that there is not a party ot the materials for a party,- barely, we shonld think, even a group of individuals, prepared togo beyond this. There is not the party or the ghost of a party that would as much as consider tho question of apologizing for our recognition of the belligerent rights of the South ; there Is not, in all probability, in any society of Englishmen, however North ern in feeling, even a man here and there, who would hear of such a proposition as our pay ing, as general damages, any proposition, how ever small, of the cost of the American war, on the ground, that by recognising tlie South wo gai'c substance and hope to the rebellion, or on any other ground which ingenious Sena tors may hereafter devise, without indignation, or who would not at once advise war, witli all its horrors, rather than submit to dictation .so preposterous. Wo do not doubt— wo speak, as we need hardly say, without any private communication with Mr. Bright — that Mr. Bright himself would resist such terms as Mr. . Sumncr .proposes and Gencul Grant is said to approve, with positive scorn, — .that even he, a Quaker statesman, would rather keep silent than ? propose to avert war b y any compromise so disgraceful. Wo believe the people of the'United States ought to know our true minds on this matter. We are sure that' they can trust us at least for hon esty, moderation, and a hearty sympathy with their great cause in the late civil war. And we tell them emphatically that no war ever entered upon by England would be more popular, more heartily waged, more tenaciously prolonged, than a war to resist what wo should regard as a piece of pure dic tatorial arrogance ou the part of the Union, adapted aud intended either to humiliate Eng land, or to acquire Canada, or for both pur poses in one. If tho United States wish lor such a war, — wliich wo sincerely and heartily disbelieve, — they have only to demand repara tion ou the general principles of Mr. Sumner's speech, and they would meet with a blank refusal, which they could nob with dignity accept ; and the end could hardly be anything but war, and a war, moreovor, in which Eng land would be united as one man, — in which there would not bo a dissentient party, hardly a dissentient voice. The United States ought at least to know this. 