MR. ROBERTSON'S VISIT TO THE TWEED RIVER. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER) THE land which is watered by the river Tweed and the tributaries of that noble stream is about the richest land in New South Wales ; but like most valuable things it is very hard to get at. The adventurous agriculturist who thither- ward bends his steps must have a by no means faint heart, a considerable amount of patience, and a more than moderate allowance of muscle. The road from Lismore to the Tweed is, I should think, one of the worst in the world. It is encumbered with every known kind of obstacle which can baffle the struggles of the weary traveller, or cause him to sigh for the otium oppidi et rura sui. There are some of the finest hills which ever came under my ob- servation- mountain ranges of the most pic- turesque and steepest description. There are several series of bogs, such as would delight an Hibernian heart. There are countless creeks, with treacherous banks, where the soft mud quakes beneath your feet in a most alarming way. And there are scrubs of the density and extent of which no words which I have at command can give you a true idea. The journey of the present Premier of New South Wales over this exceedingly pleasant piece of country was a journey worthy to be recorded. I don't think any other Cabinet Minister, even in this remote part of the world, where Cabinet Ministers say and do all sorts of queer things, over made such a trip; and I've a strong conviction that if Cabinet Ministers made frequent journeys in that same direction, the means of access to the Tweed River would very speedily be considerably improved. As I said before, our party consisted of the Hon. John Robertson, Mr. Thomas Garrett, Mr. Samuel W. Gray, Mr. John Brown, (superintendent of Police), a con- stable, a black tracker, and myself. We started from the inn at Lismore, about 8 o'clock on the morning of Thursday, the 5th August, and intended to reach a place called Prima- panbill, where we were to camp for the night. Altogether the party presented a rather formidable appearance, and it is probable that such an invasion from the ranks of civili- sation was never before made into that wild and barbarous region. The troubles of the travellers began bofore they were out of sight of Lismore-a township which I may here state is not in a particularly advanced condition, and seems to be composed almost wholly of three-railed fences. The road lay across a piece of open country, lying at the foot of some picturesque hills, which were clothed with thick forest and patches of scrub, out of which the tops of tall pine-trees reared themselves conspicuously. The fiats were for the most part covered with water, and were rather boggy, so that the horses could travel only at a foot- pace. At first the way lay between fences which enclosed some farms, where the farmers must have been at consider- able expense in the matter of drainage. There was not much cultivation to be seen, some withered maize stalks, and patches of sugar-cane, being the only evidences that the soil was productive. The land was very rich- a black clayey loam, which might perhaps be rather stiff to work, but which was capable of growing anything. After cross- ing a plain, which was very wet and boggy, the party rode along the foot of a ridge, where the ground was compara- tively dry, and where there were some excellent sites for homesteads. On the right was a small stream, bordered by tall and leafy trees, and called the "Back Creek." On the left were high hills, the spurs of which ran down into clear glades and open flats, where the soil was of the richest description. There were a few farms to be seen. There was a hut here and there upon the bank of the creek, and once or twice we came upon a letter-box nailed to the trunk of a tree by the roadside, so that the mailman as he passed could leave therin the correspondence for the settlers of the neighbourhood. A few miles from Lismore the creek was crossed, and the party came in sight of a station be- longing to Mr. E. Flood, at which they stopped for a few moments. Just beyond the station, which is located upon a verdant flat, the Back Creek was crossed, at a place which, if it was the best ford thereabouts, certainly could not have been much better than the worst. The banks were high and steep, the ground boggy, and the foliage near the water so thick that one could hardly see the dangers of the place. The creek was forded, however, without accident, the appearance of the place being much worse than the reality. On the northern bank were the remains of some old huts and a few scraggy fruit trees which stood there giving to the passers-by a dismal sort of evidence that there had once been a garden around the dilapidated huts. The course 0f the creek-which bore away to the westward at the foot of some low ranges-was indicated by the tall trees and heavy foliage, which were most beautiful. The wonderful profusion and variety of vegetation were very striking. The banks of the narrow creek were clothed in thick draperies of verdure, the trunks of the vast trees were swathed up with creepers, and the great coils of the vines hung from the boughs, and writhed along the ground, ,and twisted them- selves into knots in the most astonishing and fantastic manner; while at intervals the ,tops of the pines showed themselves above the brush, with tufts of moss clinging to their branches. The road ran along the base of a thickly-wooded range. Every two hundred yards or so there was a gully to cross; and as these miniature ravines were for the most part full of loose stones and soft mud, the crossings were not always pleasant. Nothing appeared to have been done to the road. It was simply a bridle track among the hills- a path worn by the early travellers in the district- persons who must have had anything but a com- fortable time during their pilgrimage. The track was originally made by Mr. S. W. Gray, who, after dodging about among the scrubs and mountains for several months in his search after a practicable route, discovered the one in question, and marked the trees along it. Mr. Gray was one of the earliest settlers upon the Tweed river, and it is to be recorded to his credit, that having found out the wonderful capabilities of the district, he spared no pains to make them available to other people. The difficulties of finding and marking this very primitive road, must have been tremendous, and persons unacquainted with bush life would feel a very natural wonder at the feat which Mr. Gray performed. He did not find the task an easy one, albeit he was accustomed to such work, and well inured to the hardships of the backwoodsmen. The track scarcely ever held the same course for a single mile. It was full of twistings and turnings, rendered needful by the natural obstacles which barred a direct route. The troop of horsemen piloted by the maker of the road, pursued their devious way in single file, now winding round the base of a hill, now following the bends of a creek, now crossing a small plain, and anon plunging into the gloomy shades of a dense brush wherein even the rays of the sun lost them- selves amongst the tangled lacework of the vines. For a time there was a sort of novelty about this mode of travel which was not unpleasing, but its delight soon began to fade, and all the discomforts of the position to make themselves felt. The ground was for the most part exceedingly boggy ; the creeks, which had to be forded at short intervals, were most objectionably muddy; the hills were numerous and steep, and the brushes full of prickly creepers, obstructive vines, and fallen logs. To pass all these dangers without getting one's clothes torn, or shins abraded, required some little dexterity and watchful- ness. The brushes were thick with treacherous enemies. There were several varieties of the " Stinging tree," a gigantic species of nettle, the touch of whose leaves causes excruciating pain. There were myriads of vines, whose pendant loops menaced the invaders of the brush with strangulation. There were hosts of thorn-covered stems sticking out across the narrow path. And there were armies of "lawyers"-long withes, whose tendrils are furnished with sharp tentacles, and famed for their power of sticking to anything that comes within reach of their feelers. I think it is from this grasping peculiarity that they derive their name- a name conferred upon them probably by some ascetic timber-getter whose experience of lawyers has not increased his respect for those necessary adjuncts of civili- sation. There certainly is some reason in the designation. The bush lawyers are by no means unlike their human namesakes in habit, disposition, and instincts. The "lawyers" of the brushes raise themselves by clinging to their neighbours, and living upon them ; the "lawyers" better known in civilised life, are proverbial for the tenacity of their gripe and their capabilities of fattening upon the ills of other mortals. There are persons who will probably regard this as a base and libellous assertion ; and I may say that there is another theory as to the name of this vine which affords such an unpleasant parallel. Some people call it " Loyer " and say that the name has been latterly corrupted to "Lawyer." This may be the case; but I like-the other theory best, and shan't give it up so easily. These brushes are not found only upon the banks of the creeks and the flats about the feet of the ranges. They cloth hill and dale alike, conclusively proving the richness of the soil which supports such a rank growth of vegetation. The heavy timber within their depths is of vast size and great regularity. The Eucalypti tower up to a dizzy height, and their stems are sometimes straight, smooth, and branch- less for over a hundred feet above the ground. There are noble groups of pines straight as an arrow, but in nearly all cases withered at the top, and with curious fringes of white moss hanging from the upper branches. There are immense figtrees whose roots form themselves into the most fantastic shapes and whose leafy crowns rise up among the noblest giants of the forest. Those and the Moreton Bay chestnuts- which are magnificent in their proportions and foliage- are the most beautiful trees that can be imagined. The manner in which these figtrees grow is very peculiar. Reversing the common order of things, these trees begin very high up in the world, and grow downwards. The tiny sprout first bursts into life upon the fork of another tree-very frequently the stinging tree. As it increases upward it sends a root downward to the ground, and when that has taken hold of the earth, it sends another and another, until in a few years the trunk of the supporting tree is completely enveloped and choked to death. When this process is complete, the figtree sets up upon its own re- sponsibility, and wears as independent an aspect as if it had grown up from the ground in the ordinary way. And very noble and imposing it looks. There is no trace of the parasite to be seen about it ; and like an ungrateful snob, who has crept up into wealth and position on the ruin of better men, it nourishes among the best while its rotting benefactor is forgotten. Among the other curi- osities of the brush there ore the " Bat and ball " trees, and the "Walking-stick " trees. The former are very hand- some, and bear a large round nut almost as big and solid as a cricket-ball. The latter are a species of palm usually growing very straight, devoid of branches, and having a tuft of broad leaves at the top. They make ex- cellent walking-sticks, being of a convenient size, straight, jointed, and very pretty. The country through which we passed appearel to be well watered. Some of the creeks- such as the Jiggi and the Coelmangar- were of considerable size and in all there was an abundance of clear water rippling over a pebbly bed. Near the brink of one of these rivulets the party halted about midday, and proceeded to satisfy the cravings of hunger with some bread and salt pork. The spot chosen for this rough luncheon was a bit of open forest just at the foot of the Mibben Range, whose sombre peaks rose up into the western sky. Within a quarter of a mile of us were some of the most remarkable looking masses of rock I ever saw. They were called the "Gnim- ban Rocks," and rose, I should think, between seven and eight hundred feet above the flat. One weather-beaten block, scarred and rifted with a thousand tempests, formed the abrupt end of a spur of the range. Another huge peak stood by itself braving the winter storms, and looking like the battered ruins of some gigantic tower. This was a most singular-looking peak. It must have been over 700 feet high, and yet was so narrow that Mr. Robertson named it " The Countess' Needle " in honour of Lady Belmore. There were some patches of furze, and a few stunted, trees upon the summit, and all down its southern side there were little clots of vegetation struggling, for life among the interstices of the stone. The eastern face of the rock was a bare wall, broken and seamed, and split into a myriad of crevices. It was a splendid sight-a perfect "thunder-splintered pinnacle," threatening the sky like the finger of a rebellious Titan. From the " Gnimban Rocks," the road led us into greater difficulties than over. The brushes became continuous, tho hills grew more steep, and the creeks more frequent and dangerous. There were no exten- sive views of the country to be obtained, as the forest was so thick, but every now and then some tremendous mountains came into view, looking very black and gloomy. The whole of the land through which we passed was excellent for agricultural purposes, and there seemed to be small difference in quality between the soil of hill and dale, brush land and open forest. Occa- sionally the long-deserted camp of some former travellers was passed, and once or twice a bark gunyah, in which some of the timber-getters had lived while at work in the mountains. The scenery, if not the most picturesque in the world, was as wild as the most romantic traveller could desire ; and the solitude of these mountain brushes was something appalling. There were no signs of animal life within their gloomy recesses. All was silence and still- ness. There was not a bird to be seen fluttering among the dusky leaves, or heard sounding its call through the arches of the wood. Not even a lizard crossed the path of the travellers. There was something peculiarly weird and solemn in this stillness and aspect of desertion. When threading the mazes of the brush, one felt as though shut in for ever from the world. The air seemed heavy and humid. The narrow path wound along between dark walls of foliage amid which the great white tree trunks started up like sheeted ghosts. No sunbeams pierced the leafy coverts, or gave life to the beauties of the dusky groves. To be lost in such a place as that would be the most terrible fate that could befall a man ; unless his nerves were considerably stronger than mine, he would in a very few hours be maddened by the ghastly solitude. To the eastward of our course rose Mount Burrell, a huge mass towering above the circumjacent hills, and clad with dusky woods. There were mountains all round us, and we did an amount of climbing which was exceedingly distressing to the horses. One of the animals knocked up, and had to be left behind in the ranges. After travelling for the greater part of the after- noon (I can give no idea of the distance traversed), the gigantic peaks of Mount Warning came in sight. This vast mountain, which is one of the most remarkable land- marks on the coast, is nearly 6000 feet above the level of the sea, and stands upon the head waters of the Tweed River. It is peculiar in shape, and, once seen, can never be mistaken. Its native name is "Walumbin." When we first saw this hill we were on the south-western side of it, our destination being upon the north- eastern side of it. If Walumbin could have been taken out of the way, our journey to the Tweed would have been short and easy; but as Wolumbin stood bolt upright, and barred our progress in the most uncom- promising way, we had to make a tedious detour round its western end, and as may be imagined the road was by no means level. Night had closed in long before the camp at Pumpanbill was reached, and albeit that place of sojourn possessed few of the comforts of civilisation, all of the party were glad when they arrived thereat. There had been a good many jokes cracked during the day about this same Pumpanbill. Mr. Gray had made several facetious references to the "Pumpanbill Hotel," and the excellence of the accom- modation there to be obtained. In reality, the Pumpanbill Hotel was no more than a bark humpy, erected by some çedar-getters who had been cutting timber in the adjacent scrub. The accommodation was decidedly limited, but none the less appreciated by the weary people who sought it on that Thursday night. They found the place exceedingly, comfortable, and indeed I doubt whether they had over been more pleased with any hotel beds and boards than they were with the grub and sheets of bark provided at Pumpanbill. They however were not received as ordinary guests. Their coming had been notified to the residents of the Tweed, and some of the good folks from that river had come up to Pumpanbill to meet them. Not only so, but they had brought provender for the refresh- ment of the hon. John Robertson and his companions. There was quite a banquet spread upon Pumpanbill's festive board that night- roasted fowls, and boiled tongues, and beef of the fattest and spiciest description, and wines and spirits, and tea and coffee, bread of the most delightful freshness, and cakes as sweet as love and as soft as lovers. I can assure you that Pumpanbill came out very strong indeed. The persons who met us at this interesting spot, and who provided this great feed, were Mr. Joshua Bray (partner of Mr. S. W. Gray, our guide), Messrs. Louis and Arthur Nixon, Mr.T. Clarke, and a constable. After a pleasant hour spent in devoted attention to the eatables, and yarning round the camp fire, all hands turned in ;-and though the beds ware made upon the bosom of mother earth, and the only sheets were sheets of bark, every one slept as soundly as though tucked up in the cosiest and most comfortable four-poster. Of the arrival at the Tweed, and the subsequent adven- tures of the distinguished visitors thereto, allow me to dis- course in a future paper, as this present one has out- grown all reasonable limits. 