No doubt tboso well-moaning road trustees Sn tb Wingecixribboo district, who intoro'pted his Excel lency the Governor tho other day on his way toward the Jamberoo mountain, and took it upon thomeelve to tell him that bo was going tho wrong way, actuall; taking the horses out of bis carriage to turn him bael again, wore influenced by the very boat intentions bat I wish they had let tho Governor alone, for mes likoly hs knew vory well what ho was about. Hil Excellency has show very plainly that he is no a man to ba frightened by turnip lanterns, o: t) heat a retreat boforo an old rag Bogj stuck on (ha top of a pole; and it is qui« evident to me that ho was bent upon ascertaining, fron: p?rsonal examination, the habitat and characteristic! of Parkes' eolobrated Jamberoo ghost. The Earl would bo bound, by tho ancient obligations of hie order, to seek out and discover, and, if necessary, tc vanquish and overcomo all evil spirits, prowling and unquiot ghosts, demons, hobgoblins, and enchanters : and, as he found himself on the very confines of tho domtin over which popular susporstitton or belief had Utterly assigned to a particularly unquiet spirit a sor', of territorial jurisdiction, ho was further bound by her M o j es ty's commission to question this assumption of authority. If his Excellency had been allowed to go on and encounter the ghost I am quito Büro that he would havo got tho host of it, nnd that the Countess would not havo h;en in the «lightest dangor. Your report says that his Excellency "drove on rapidly, and never asked any questions." Of courso ho didn't; nor did ho want any questions to bo askod of him. Wo read in ancient books of errantry that when a knight or a noblo is ongnped in a mission of this kind, ho gravoly and silently devote» himself to his pu'poeo, and deciros to avoid all impertinent interruptions. I can imagino, then, tho chagrin of his Excellency when thoso dry, matter-of-fact road trustees carno galloping up and shouting, " Hi ! hi ! my Lord, you're going the ?wrong way !" How did they know that ? It was not very likely that his Excellency would have had tho '.rees takon out of his way, and persisted in still driving on towards the mountain, if ho had not a sottlon purposo in his mind. Of course he was obligod to give this up for tho time when tho road trustees constituted them- selves trustees of his carriage also; and insisted upon hauling it back; and his Lordship, Uko a well-bred gentleman, seeing that their monning was good, refrained from Temonstraneo. We havo reason to hope that the ghost may bo caught by tho S-'Ioct Com- mittee of tho Legislative Assombly beforo thero ÍB any need for Lord Belmore to onter upon a similar enter- prise again ; but if not, it is to bo hoped that his Lordship will bo allowed to carry out the adventure, when we warrant that ho will return in porfoct safety, with all that is loft of the Spectre of Jamboroo. It may bo consolatory to the ox-Ministers of State in this colony to know that thoy aro not tho only parsons in the worlJ who have been, and still aro baing lauziiod nt for thoir desiro to woar Court dresses and official gold lace. In tho course of tho speoch of Afr. Martin on the lato no-confidones motion, ho r>proiohod Mr. Robertson with ungenerous conduct for producing the correspondence that had taken place botwecn Sir John Young and tho Secretary of Stat< on th s subjoct Hoseomcd to.think that it would make himself and hin lato colleagues look very ridiculous, I dare say ho wos right enough there, though it woulJ luve been well to havo thought of that before doing tho thing that caused the ridieu'o. Perhaps by this time, as more than ono mail steamer 1ms left einco the late Ministry wont out, thoy havo already reminded tho Secretary of Stato of his pro- mise to answer thoir humble petition for permission t ) wear the uniform for lifo, whonever they ceased to bs Ministers. Whothor or uot, I havo soen eomo diplomatic correspondence from tho United States whioh eocms to point tho way out of thc ' '.uniform difficulty. Tho lato Congressional order refpoeting simplicity of dress in United States representatives abroad seems to havo created i atonal anguish in the minds of some of thoso gentleman. Ono of thora, Mr Adams, tho lato American Ministor at tho Court of St. JameV, always eeotned to mo to be a cood, quiet sort of man, but I now suppose that that was becauso ho had no difficulties to contend with. I doubt whether he would havo boon able to grapple with tbem as Mr. Rsverdy Johnson is doing. How- ever, tho clothes question of 18G7 seems to have set Mr, Adams in motion, lio tigniftes his compliance with instructions, of course, but bo adds that they j " must operato ns an exclusion of tho diplomatic representatives of tho United States from participation in all tho occasions of Court coremonial, &c.;" Ht goes on to say that personally this would be no priva- tion to him, as ho doesn't like ceremonies, and hos been bored with npplicatious to prosent people. Ho then, howovor, suggests a modo of obviating tho in- convenience, namely, " by selecting exclu- sively for this class of appointments persons entitled by law, from former service in tho army, to wear tho military uniform of ho United States." An irreverent American commen- tator invites us to consider tho exquisito absurdity of choosing a maa as an ambassador becauso he has a number of stars on his shoulders, and buttons on his coat, instead of for hiii brains, and his experience in publia affairs. Well, I -don't know. A groat deal may be said in favour of tho stars and buttons. Bat Mr. Hovey, the American Iiinieter at Peru, was in a terrible state, until at last h.9 romemborod that ho was a Brevet Major-General of Volunteers, BO ho wrote to Washington for permission to wear tho unifor.ii of that rank, and also to bo allowed to be addressed "Brevet Major-Genoral Hovey, &o;, &e;, &c.;,'' instead of "A. P. Hovoy, E¿q." Pormueion was g antod accordingly, and Mr. Hovoy was happy! Here, then, is a valuable precedent. If tho lalo Ministers have any furthor bother with ITowning street, let thom all bo inveitod with somo local military raak. As to air. rarBDs, uo uut uu mifun»...^ right to it, hoing tho only man in tho country who has raisod, entirely out of his own hoad, a brigade of (Ive hundred man. And each of thoso would bo entitled to bo considered as a man-at- arms, with othors under him; for tho observation of Falstaff with regard to Wart might well havo nppliod to somo of tho brigado, supposing thom to have hal existence : " I cannot put him to bo a privato soldier that isttho teador of so many thousands." To come baclc to tho point, the American diplomatic correspondence pointa the way out of the Ministerial uniform difficulty, and nt tho same time will help to kcop our dejected ones in countenance. And so it turns out, af tor all, that thora roally was a great Fonian conspiracy; and that it extended into the vast interior of this great country, Sir, infesting tho agricultural mind of Bathurst with revolutionary ptojecte, and embracing within its brotherhood a woll known member of Parliament from that locality 1 Well, well J I always did think thora was something more thia .ordinary in the zeal of a certain honourable rnei&bor;∨ lbs .speedy extension .of tho railway to Bathurst, Tts JSiunbcr for Etat UJK>-' .well I won't go any further with, the designation ¡ but the: is a raembtr for the Bathurst country who has bet indefatigable in urging on tho railway extension I the west. And why ? I don't want to impute motive: but supposing the account of the respectable Mr. Milli and Mr. &&, &&, kc, aa communicated in tl paragraph supplied to tho Herald by one of th most voracious mon in this community, to be perfect! correct, and that a member of'Parliament belongs ti and of course oommands, tho Bathurst lonianB, whc ean bo moro ea-y than ta .'understand tho whole affair Onco get tho railway terminus to Bathurit, and tb enemy command the situation for many railes. H proceeds to foriify the Zig.Zag, rendering it impoE sible for anything, from a railway train to a costoi monger's wheelbarrow, to ascend the mountain with outhisperraissiin. Ho ravages the whole countr; boyond, col'ecting arms and ammunition, and o I courso making conditions with the Government ti allow his up train* to Syd noy fros transit oaconditioi of tho trains to tho wostward being allowed equa freedom of passago. Thus tho whole story is easil; explicable But is it true, think you ? in eocial, religious, and political lifo wo becomi accustomed to periodical peculiarities whick seem ti puzzle and confound everybody. It is the eamo witt animal nod vegetable Ufo. In Eocial life we an troubled with sundry and divers unwholesome cankers wbich seem to betray a diseased condition; (hoy ap- pear now and again when they are loast expected. In tho roligious world tao same thing occurs.. W¿ ore troubled with ritualistic practices discovering a ten- dency ia the direction of chango and indicating a condition of things threatening to the great piineiples which are at the root of our notional faith. In political lifo this is ovon still moro apparent; the parasites aro revolting, an d havo nearly extinguished all traeos of tho purposes and origin of the thing called Parliament. I havo fallen into this train of thought after reading that Mr. Nowlan-or, to do that gentleman ample justico, and render him tho advantage he is always so justly proud of in tho ueo of his full name, Mr. John Robertson Nowlan-is about to introduce a bill into Parliament. It is, of course, pleasing to know that at least one solitary piece of legislation may remain identiüod with the name of Mr. Kbwlan ; and if that gentleman's statesmanlike qualifications have never yot boon done justice to, the opportunity is now offered by tho disease among crape vines, known as the Oïdium Tuckcri-or, in plainer words, as used by matter-of-fact, common-place pooplo, mildow-or, in another shape, Tucker's di6oa?o. Thc oïdium having beon first discovered by one Tucker, in ihj year 1845, in tho hop county of Kent, hns sinco that time danced about in various paris oí tho world, and truo to its bitter origin has robbed tho cultivator of the vino of tho sweets of his labour. Tuckor's oidium was a sort of Pandora's bos. No sooner had that respectable gentleman mado the dis- covery which has sinco rendered his name famous by tbs infamous disease with which that name is now inscpirable associated than away wont the oidium j to tho Rhino, Franco, Italy, tho Tyrol, and Hungary, I linlíl thifotT- inn*** nrnrn ? V,,T f n" ",) «1,. Uno I of their favourite- tipple, and even that fin( orustod port, famous by ever so-many dia- monds and sold at one and ninepence by the bottlo, was ia peril of annihilation. Like ul. other parasites it is quito clear that the oïdium nevei fastons on a healthy plant ; thora mutt be a diseased condition before tho parasites appear. However. Jobr Robertson Nowlan and Tusker* between thom, may pro babiy fasten another incubus upon Now South "Wale! iu thoehapoofa most useless wasto of public monoytc pay a lot of inspectors, who will travel up and down tho country, fumigating right and left and intorfcriog with tho healthy progress of an industry which only requires to be dealt with by tho intelligent experience of those »ho aro engaged in it. What has baroma of that distinguished financier and florist, Mr. Elgar ? S nco ho retired from the Treasury ho' bas been almost mute, St. Benedict's Hall no longer rings with his eloquence, nor does Pitt-strootPeuhy Bank claim or rcceivo bia fostering care. Ho has laid all his weapons aside, and reserves his powers lo squash Duncan, or die. When Scotch- men bato each other their rancour knows no bounds. The vicious attaabs of Mr. Wilson on tho Collector of Customs aro simply epitoful. Mr. Engar has nn opportunity now to astonish us with «orno new and brilliant revolutions on tho subjoct of finance. Mr. Eagar promised us a surplus of £70,001 at tho close ' of the year 1SCG ¡ " and,'" said that ïcntleini.n, whon bo mads that great Pnancial exposition on tho 27th September, 1SC6, " I am exceedingly gratified that circumstances should havo placed me in a position to announce nn estimated surplus at tho md of tho prcteut year of £310,077.' The surplus brought forward from I860-a chicken then not hatched-Mr. Hagar prophesied would be realised; and what has como out of all this? Hr. Hagar showed tho committee that by some wondrous hocus-pocus overy twonty shillings of ready money was by his skilful manipulation to becomo sixty. "If," slid ho, " wo had 100,000 sovereigns perpetually ia our coffers, we could keep in circulation , £300,000 worth of notes." fortunately for I Now So ith Wales our Australian Johnr Law was not suffered to try his scheme at that time, but the obancea aro that wo may hear something quito as brilliant, and equally as absurd, next Wednesday, Mr. Samnel states that, alter all tho additional taxa tion wo havo hud imposed upon us, we aro still over* running the oonstablo; tho cu rr ont revenue is still inellhient to meet the ourront expend.turo; and it is desirable again to mako a fresh start by adding to the j permanent liabilities of tho colony. Tho wiudfall of I £35,000 by tho failure of tho Panama contract is regardod as an enormous saving, but nothing is si.id of the loss the colony will sustain by forfeiting the outlay of tho company. The truth is that our wholo system of taxation requires' rovision. Tho burden is ! oast upon the people inaisorirninaioiy ; tuc íuiuruom ui capital aro protected on all sides ; the producing power is trammelled, nod our necessities ara made the means by which capitalists obtain an easy Hiing without bringing their capital into tho market and exposing it to tho risks inseparable from 'tboeo of tho producer. Those who-labour piy taxos on all sides for tools of trade, for material, aud avery articlo of consumption ; while those who buy Treasury Bills and debentures rest on tho proceeds supplied by others who to 1 and sow but toko no share in tho harvest. DEATH OP MB. HorwooD.-From Echuca, the Bor- der Post learns by tolograpb, of tho deatb of Mr. Heury Hopwood, bettor known perhaps, as " tho king" of that borough. Vory oarly in tho history of thi» co ony, «rhon «'prospecting" for a home, ho fixed u ona bend of .tho Murray-now Echuca-na tho placo of his Oittloiuopt. Thoroho established a torry, and for many yours il has bcon of tho greatest service to tho public He afterwards breams a publican, being the owner and occupier of an hMol which over- looked the punt; and boro honddod largely to tho pro porty he had acquired, by thu means ho had provided for transporting mon and cattlo across tho Murray. Ho was an active, publie spirited, kindhearted, and liberal man, and will be very much ia ssed in tho locality in which bo hod ostafl'ishtd himself. [Mr. Hopwood was recently in Sydney, superintending the publication of " a cato" fe* .tbecoasideration of Par- liament, in reforonoe to the ceUblifibnjent of the Mux* ray Bettor femes.] j 