Epitome of General News. MR. NIHILL, a tidewaiter at Newcastle, made a seizure on .hoard, the Lconidas, 'barque, from New Caledonia, of .a. quantity of contra band tobacco, , On Monday night; the 12th inst., and on ' renewing liis search the following morning, ne jam ms nanus upon some oranay and tea also tliat'liad hot been reported.. The seized goods were placed in Her Majesty's ' warehouse, and the 'broad-arrow fixed on the vessel, 'pending instructions from lieadquartcrs. \- A telegram from Tamwortli reports that Rutherford the bushranger has stolen Mr. Con- . roy.'s racehorse 'Phantom. .. ! A connusPONDENT.of the, Maitland Mercury says that a rich .vein of copper has been dis covered in the valley lying between the Albyn and Williams Rivers. Melancholy death , from intemperance. — A correspondent of tlic Bmidwood Dispatch soys: Samuef Brown; .a fisherman;; and his wife, left town on- Saturday- might,' very tipsy, :to proceed home iri-tlicir'bbat. 1 'Nothing further was seen orheftrd'ofthem', liritil about noon on Sunday; -persons were -attracted by cries from the river; Mrs. Brown was. found alone in the boat appar ently just awaking out of a- drunken sloop, and crying out because ignorant of where , siic wiis. After some search, tlio., body, of her ' husband was, found, aiidicarried'.aslibrc' tb await' an in quest. Had hot ,tli(i, woman come to lier sen ses when slip did, shbwoiildjn all probability, liavo drifted out , to seii. "Slie is left'!witlr ,a'!iargb family of cliildreh who were entirely tlepciid- ant on thafatlier's eaniings. ' , . ' , ! A little girl named Margaret Frazer;was ac cidentally scalded to death at Manly Bcacli last week; and anothor girl met with licr death at Waratah iii a sifnilai.way. She, had striick iier sister, in play,' and rdt'reating back-1 wards to avoid a blow, fell' into , a' boiler con taining clbtlics andboiling watcn ' j The arrival of tlio Barb At Morpetli" created; quite a sensation amongst tho horsey portion! of tlio community. . , : :. . : , ; ; ' ; . -. , ' Tub annual dinner and hall of tlio Loyali Orange Institution of New South Wales came ; off on Thursday eveoing, at tlio Masonic I-Iall, i which was tastefully decorated for the occa-i sion. . Mr. Justice Blakcnoy is reported to have expressed himself to tho effect tliut it is of no use to try a Dalby man before a Dalbv jury. ; Mil. George Breillatt was thrown from his liorse 'on Friday, 16th instant, iii Margaret- street, and struck his head against the curb stone fracturing his skull. On Monday ho was reported to be likely to do well, but unfavour able symptoms appeared, and ho died on Tucs- d»v morning. iament has been prorogued by notice in the Gazette , and is to meet on tbo 28th of Septcmner for tlio despatch of business.-. ' 'Mu. Si'nan, we are told, gratified the House of Commons by the following genuine bull : — " His right honorable friend had retained g his seat between thirty and forty years, and was likely, if lie lived so long, to retain it for tho period of his natural life.' Late advices from New Zealand say that the new ministry intend to send commission ers to England to negotiate for military assist ance — two regiments — tlic colony paying £40 per man. We arc told that it is impolitic and ungenerous dn the extreme for the Imperial Govornnlont tb stand aloof, as tlicy are doing in the life and death struggle at present going on in that colony ; especially as it caunot. be denied that the disaffection of the Native's originally, may, in a great degree, bo owing - to the Imperial policy. ' It 'is also" said1 that To Kooti is. scheming to dethrone the present Maori King and to proclaim himself. , it is to he feared that ,wc are very far from theicnd of the New Zealand difficulty. An inquest was held by' the acting -coroner on Monday last, at Blair Hiitdl,' corner of Kent and Margaret streets, on tlic body of a married woman named. Jane Kelly, who died suddenly on the previous day. hVom tjio eyidenepjoic her 1 husband, ' it appeared " Unit'' 'about three years ago she had a paralytic stroke which 'de prived her of the power of speech, though ih other respects she had been pretty well. 'The jury found a verdict of death from a fit, brought on by natural causes. ' ' ' " 1 Tub Pitt-street Young Men's Mutual Im provement Society, in connexion with the Con gregational Church, commenced the session on Monday evening. Mr. Weckcs one of tho vice presidents occupying the chair. il Mr.- Dobbio rend a paper, founded on the narrative in ithe Acts of the Apostles, where Paul before the Sanhedrim denounces Anuiiias the president as a " wliited wall," and: afterwards- explains:, his misconception. Mr. Dobbio entitled liis -paper "Paul's Contempt of Court." . A short: desr cription.followed, and Mr. Dohbio was cordiully thanked fur his pleasant essay. A Collision occurred .in Gcorgc-strcet, on Monday morning between u Wavcrly and a Burwood omnibus.' None 'of tlio "passengers, fortunately,- were injured,' and beyond breakage of glass, not mueli- serious damage was. done. Sliccr ' carelessness on the part of botli drivers, was the causo. - j ' ' ' - The inaugural lecture, to liavo been delivered by -Mr. 'Sheridan MOore, yesterdaj' evening; in connection with the Sydney College, Iiifs been postponed until Monday, 26th instant Tim Newcastle, Chronicle contains. an'acco'unt of thoj feats of a man . possessing .herculean strength. He dance's hornpipes /with li .'lirilf- liundrcd ivcight fastened to cacli foot. His name is Tliomus Griffiths, .liiit lie. prefers tlic characteristic title jpf ' Young Samson. ' "Wo copy the following almost incredible history of his doings. ' ' Oil 'Friday last, the athlete -'com menced his undertaking to walk ono hundred miles in twenty-four hours. /Tlio course was from tlic Victoria. Hotel, along IIuntor-tciTaco, round- St. Alban's' Church, -.to Bridge-street, by tho Royal Hotel; and tlioncc along Bridgc- stre-et,' pnst Eaton's Hotel,- to tlio (oll-bui beyond Sandy, Creek, ..and back again to -the, starting point. Tho-tbstance isjsuid by some, . to" bo as near as possible live. miles, 'although others make it at " least, a quarter : of a milo more. . At tou minutes ;to six . o'clock; Griffith made, his start at a swinging pace, arid completed his first journey in fifty-seven minutes. Tlic three next jour neys were finished in fifty-fiyc'miiiutes cticili, and the fifth ,iii fii'ty-riino minutes, ' After the first ' distance had been walked, a' j'oung man' called William Hodges ' joined Siiinson; and after tlio first two journeys hadf-beon finished, William Fuz also started 'in -company with' tlic others. Hodges conipleted-his twenty-five miles arid Fuz his twenty, walking side by side with 'Samson the whole time, when they gave in, and on tho seventh round Samson again started alone at forty-oight minutes past 11 p.m. All night Samson kept walking, and by noon oin Saturduy, ho; had, completed his eightieth milo. Accord ing to\ advertisement, lie turned aside to Mr. Murphj/s smithy,- wliero lying down, ho had a board placed .on his : body on . wliieli rested, an nnvil .of 420 -lbs. iiveiglit. . On this a pair of horse-slioes;-. were made, Samson all the whilo keeping his body in the form of nn arch, resting on tlio grqund only by his leet iuul hands, wliilo a; cloth was., thrown over his face to keep off tlio sparks from tho anvil. This part of the perfor mance having been -.finished lp tlio satisfaction of tlio assembled crowd/ Samson started again towards, tlic toll-bar, apparently, us brisk us over, arid completed foiu journeys more (oru 'hundred iiiilesultogcthei)'by twelvoiiiinutcs past 5 o'clock, "or forty-eiglit iriinutes under the specified time. The actual' walking, tiirie,' 'including' tlio delay, lit' Murphy's" shop .arid peeiisioiuil bribf stop pages at: Eaton's arid; clsuiylicre, was '.only '21 hours 49 minutes. Suinpson appeared to be no moro distressed, with tlio long journey walked over at the rate- of five1 miles1 au hour, than many of . our young; men would .be with a journoy- of five 'miles at' tlio sumo 'pace ; and within two hours and a-linlf of tlio finish," he was able to go through, in his usual style, with all those heavy feats wliioh have so much astenislied his audi- ' onces in tho Victoriiin Assembly Rooms." The powers of, ciidurancc of this man arc tremen dous, especially when it is considered'that lie is fifty-three years of ago, and has been lead ing a life of uncommon exposure and hard ship in these colonies for many years past. He lias not got tlio knack, possessed tp such perfection by other performers of much greater pretensions, hut of niuch inferior power's, of making oney' -by liis "performances. Wliiit he doos appears to be done as much for the sake "of" doing it as for the sake of proflt. nnd the public in such cases is generally inclined to take the actor at his word and spare, his pocket. It is as much as some men can do to lift two 5G-lb. weights — one in either hand— and hold them up for a few seconds. It can not fail to strike one with surprise to see a man strap a pair of such ponderous weights on to his feet and walk about with them with as great ease as if tlicy were only a pair of iron-hccled boots." Michael Newman, alias ' Bed Mick,' said to bo a near relative of Kelly, who with Burgess and Lovy, was executed at Now Zealand for murdor, was captured by the inhabitants of Ca wo, he having committed a felony 5 and as the place was wholly without police or repre sentative of law, the residents bound their cap- tivo in tho main street, while intelligence was forwarded to tho nearest polico station, some fifteen miles distant. Tho correspondent of tho Mining Record, complains bitterly of tho neglect of Government in leaving a place of somo fivo or six hundred population without police pro tection. The seventh anniversary of tho Surry Hills Young Men's Mutual Improvement Socioty was held on Monday evening last, and notwithstand ing the unfavourable state of the weather the attendance was good. Mr. Colishaw occupied tho chair and tho report read by Mr. Walter Newman, Secretary, congratulated the members on the position of the society, which continued to make progress whilo so many kindred institu tions languished ' and expired. On Monday evening tho Kov. Canon O'Reilly and Mrs. Roilly were entertained at a public tea meeting in St. Andrew's new School Room, Pitt- street, given under the auspices of the teachers of tho Sunday Schools. During tho evening an address was presented to Mr. O'Reilly and another to his wife, accompanied by a solid silver teapot and a group of photo graphs of the members of Mrs. O'Reilly's clnss. The managers of the Maitland Hospital liavo boen adopting a new modo of raising funds for their institution. Engaging a lot of blnckfellows and their gins to give a corrobborco on the raco course, admission being by ticket. Tho sum of £24 14s 2d was tho result of this somewhat questionable modo of raising the wind. An ' unfortunate,' named Bridget M'Cann alias Mrs. Thompson, died suddenly on Monday night in a house in Cnstlereagh Court, Castle- reagh-strect ; an inquest was held the following day when it appenred that, deceased had boen suffering from a cough, ''"and from the medical testimony, that a bloodvessel had been ruptured during a lit of coughing, and the jury found ac cordingly. We learn by tologram from Melbourne that Mr. PellowB and Mr. Higinbotliam liavo both given an opinion to tho effect that the Queen's pardon does not cntitlo the liberated Fenians to como to Victoria, and in consequence, tho Com missioner of Polico has been instructed to pre vent their landing. New South Wales Protestant Political Asso ciation. — Tho usual fortnightly meeting of tho association took place on Friday evening last, in tho Primitivo Motliodist Chapel Kcnt- strcot. The president, Mr, John Davics,in tho chair ; Mr. Alexander, vice-president, in tho vice-chair. Tho mooting was addressed by tho Presidont, Mr. Kohn, and several other gentle men, with referonco to tho rolousod Fenians and the seditious speech made by tho Mayor of Cork, nnd also tho large sum of inonoy, £1000, which had boou remitted from the Fsnians in tho mother country to assist in tho roturn of the released Fenians back to tho scenes of their previous misconduct. The meeting concluded in the usual loyal manner with cheers for tho Queen.. .A puuiiia mooting was recontly held in tho Western district, and a deputation appointed, consisting of Mr. Lucas, M.L.A., Mr. Higgins, Mr. Garrett, Mr. ' Hanson, and Mr. Henderson, to wait upon tlio Hon-, tho Minister for Public Works,; to urge him to reduce tho ratos.at pre sent eharged for convoying coal, with a view to dcvolopo the trado in tho Wostcrn district. Mr. Sutherland listened courteously to tho re presentatives of tho doputntion, bnt held out no hopos : of -their requests being conceded.. His reply,. , in substanco, was us follows ' Tho present rates had boon very carefully, calculated, and, after the best consideration ho could givo to tho matter, ho could not promiso to lower them. He had no doubt but that tho Govern ment .would make adequate provision for tho reception of any, amount of coal that might bo sent down, but until tho Western coal trado was actually devolopod he could not judge as to what would bo tho requirements of tho trallic. As we had not oxtonded tho table to distances above, eighty miles, lie would make an altera tion to mako it applicable to longer distancos. In all probability I10 should chargo a rate per mile the samo for all distancos. This proposal was objected to by tho deputation, as it would operate to the disadvantage of companies tho fartliost distant from Sydney. To this tho Minister replied that tho Government could not bo cxpcctod to run trams at a loss, for tho purpose of enhancing tho valuo of proporty at a distance, or to enter into a competition which would opcruto to tho disparagement of capita? lists who had investod their money in mines- nearer Sydnoy.' Among many items of interesting intelli gence brought by tho lato arrivals, concerning affairs in Spain, wo find the following in a lottof. dated Madrid, January 15, 1SG9 : — " The distribution of Tracts, printed hero at tho oxponsc of tho Religious 'Tract Society, con tinues on a largo soalo, and serves greatly to awaken, in wide circles inquiry after tho things of God. As many as 15,000 tracts and small books liko 'Andrew Dunn,' — 'A SavioUr for you,' &c.;, have passed from where I writo into circulation. To day, while I writo in tho midst of the elections, the business in the Ayguntamiento was for a moment sus pended,' whilst one of our. distributors, enter ing to claim diis voto, was relieved of his arm ful of tracts by president, magistrate, coun- sellors, a»cl officers, all begging tho favour of a ' Protestant tract.'. Ho returned apaco to fill his wallet afresh for tho samo field. In tho meantime, the priestly party show their esti mation of tho work going, by writing against it|)in tho public press. Tho Siglo dedicated at loading article to the tract ' A Saviour for you ;' styling it a gift which tho people of Madrid had received to enlighten a dull season at tho hands of Protestants. The writer of the arti cle complains that the whole tract (the italics arc ours) points to Christ while the Mother of Ood is passed over in silence! The Regeneracion counsels good Catholics to buy up and destroy tho tracts, saying, ' all publications arc sus picious which cite largely the scriptures— and not haying tho approbation of the ecclesiastical authorities, should be regarded prima facie impious !" Latest advices from Paris seem to discredit the reports that have been in circulation about the disturbance, and tho fearful loss of life during tho elections. It is supposed that the following telegram may have originated the rumour: — "St. Pctcrsburgli' May 12th. — In telligence received here from Teheran, of tho 5th instant, announces that serious fighting has taken place in tho streets of that town, between two religious sects, but that the dis turbance wa3 suppressed by tho intervention of the military. Three hundred persons were killed or wounded, and five hundred taken into custody. The prisoners have been severely punished." It is reported that a smart shock of an oartli- qunko has boen felt at Dunedin, New Zealand, on 24th June last. It extended to tho Bluff, but was most severe at Queenstown. The waters of the Lake, and the Shotover river, wore violently agitated. Some buildings liavo been injured. Da. Lang gave a lecture on Wednesday even ing, the first of a series to be delivered in the Pyrmont Presbyterian Church, taking for his subject—" The recent discoveries in central Africa." The proceeds of the lectures are to be devoted to tho liquidation of the debt on the church, Lovers of the marvellous will smack their lips over the following delicious morsel taken from the bill of faro of the Burrangong Argus : ' The following statement of what has befallen three respectable men residing near Young s authentic and may be relied on by our readers as being no hoax. The throe men referred to arc splitting postsand rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three- mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw anything unusual was on one moon - light night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush near their hut, a white object about tho size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary- looking object suddenly before their eyes sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could get 110 reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and one ano ther. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one wak ing up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about, and they arc all quite sure that neither on this or the former occasion was it cither a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumb founded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly-looking animal somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise, cither by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who wa3 a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but that took no eftect upon it. The dog, or what ever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have re turned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, whilo looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by somo animal. On Sunday last those men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down and its contents brought outside and loft there. Two out of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards fell a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance. The men will most probably be in town to-night, when we shall hear further particulars, which wo shall not fail to give in our next issue." We learn from the Western Post that tho mail from Mudgco to Cassilis was stuck up on Friday last about noon by an armed bushranger, who told the contractor, Mr. Trotter, that ho was Rutlicrford._ He oponed a few letters, but find ing nothing to his purpose, returned them. A choice specimen of tho gentler sex, who, as ,tho Herald reports, lutelv figured in the Goulburn poliee Court, Mrs. Knox, has several jtimes previously been bofore tho Bench for ono offence or other. On this occasion she was evidently tho worse for liquor ; and during the wholo time tho evidence was being taken she was addressing tho Bench at tho top of her voico. On receiving her sentence she made a sudden rush forwards apparently with the in tention of committing an assault on tho wit nesses against her j but she was stopped by senior-sergeant Fcnton, whom sho then attemp ted to strike. The officer, however, succcoded in 'restraining her, and with somo considerable difficulty she was romoved from the court-house. She then commenced screaming as loudly as possible, and between tho court-houso and gaol refused to proceed further, throwing herself on the ground and Jpretcnding to faint. Attempts to restore her in tlio usual way-altogether-failed, when one of the policemen ran to the gaol and brought a wheelbarrow to convey' her thereon. This was too finuch for evon Mrs. Knox, and after Some rather forcible expressions sho roso from tho ground, upset tho barrow with a kick, and then, carefully uphold by tho constables, walked to tho residenco choson for her by the police magistrate for the remainder of tho win ter. When inside tho gaol she was met by the female warder, to whom her greeting was very energetic, though not made in terms over se lect." A Deputation from tho Sydney Municipal Council, had an interview, on Wednesday morn ing, with tho Hon. tho Premier, on the subject of tho formation of a Freo Library, and tho purchase of tho books of tho Australian Library. Mr. Robertson informed the deputa tion, that the Government had tho matter under consideration, and that an officer had been appointed to examino and report upon tho stato of tho books, but added , " if tho Corpora tion is desirous of buying them, for its own pur poses, tho Government, having no particular interest with regard to them, will withdraw. Of courso, if I ascertain that from tho Mayor I shall immediately discontinue tho examination which is now going on. If you want them, wo don't want them. It is a matter of 110 moment to the Government whether tho Government ha3 them, or whether you have them ; but there being among thorn a number of old books con nected with tho early history of tho colony, it would bo a pity that tliey should bo lost to tho colony." 