MOCKAUCTIONS., Pgssig along one of tie'ihostirowded thorough fares of the city theobther d,??iiias attracted 'by the arraigeinenti made for the sale of a " respect able, tradesman's, stock.",. Large. placards pasted on the eliop- windows announced that Ir "Ichabod had the honour to announce to the nobility an3 public in general, that he was ablitu to dispose of a valuable.stock by:order of -the' prbprietors; and loug slips of paper. shooting diagonally across, the whole shop front, like a flight of rockets, inscribed inithli This Day," in. large ,letters, testified to the veheiniint desire of the proprietor to realise without more delay.', The dishevelled state pf' th'goidk' iii the window. well seconded these outward appear auces. A plated.coffee pot, of rather. florid design, with" '"deep smear of tarnishiacross its bulgmg sider; 'i !candlestick, With resplendent' glhs' pen dules i ornamuented with doubtful'? ormliid work; San?adj lady's work-table of. papieir-ch6. varnished to wiihin. an inch of its life, audi so deposited as to shoivtlie full'glare of the tlagrant rose wreath that ornaiaeiitsd its top; ;"spoke of thile 'thir mixed nature'of the atock "'now'in thd'agonfei of dissoi. tionwithin. As I entered the bhop the'bidding, was not very actii:e p:i-'thl company large..; Indeed, the group of liddeis'ltked almost as lifeleu ,as the figures in a stereoscepe; and the lots' ipass? ith -pani mimic silence.: No one 'looked rottidl,' ibt'itt i?..is evident.,my., footstep over, the threshold: gave 'a gentle electric shock of plessure.to the, asqen.bled compan~. The aiictioneer sedmid., suddettly ,to findhhis vioeice:the bidditg grew 'briislier and the spldidid china tea-service, asif, byimaigic, seemed to become the object of keen contention'; the whole company leapt at once into. life as, though i were the airy prince whob'Lihad udde?ily' broke into tl e enchante?pailace. . e ,., - " - iae'titured t ask a tall gentleaii?uiwho olidi teeredetp. assiat ,me in my. biddings, for .a 'ats ugueT. hey w?re. not selliag, by;catalogie that day, ihe 'aid, a ithe trade were not there and 1 houId therefdie embiicd 'the opplitunity to get bargaini;.: Taking'a qiiet but coi?lpriehensive glance around me,;I certainly could' neither see any signs, nor smell the proximity, of that lively race which is iidigenous to ordinary sale-roo.u s. There,was; a tall'man, drissed in'a broiwn coat th.at i?ng down to his feet, with a face long and' lean;, and of a most simple expression.:;His ni?dest -white neckcloth, neatly folded beneath his old-fashioned :waist,-dat, and his rather large, hands eecased in black woollen gloires, 'aie'iie the'idea'that he was the respected deacoi'of some provincial: Zio. "As a conitrast to thisu noathisticated individual, there was a 'ough: matin top,?outs and corduroys, with a.huge.cori?t forte, tid in a great hunch under his chin,;: whilst in lis' lian'd 'he 'held i cudgel,'greatly'l xagerated abo t thexknots. 1' He might ha?e iben a 'dr'ov?r. The rest of the company'werfremiiiLably nosey and.breast-pinny: . ? -?- - - ' Come, showi the gentleman, the matchless DIres" de 'r'viice,'sad the auctioneer. .. i Whereat the c'cmpany mstatiitly seemed?fopart down' the middle,' iidl I found tyiielf. raked by the piercing eye of the pres ding functioiiar"'': '? Myriensu ti eaion .,6peered all 'of a auddil•i to take nit aitnaiub fancy to that splendidi~ ervicei for lie stretbhed out a.nerviilis and,to,,xamhue,a cup itwhenit :i iji-i.. thrmugh o isih i gis, and broke. vimn the f4,. : b W apa l~aicep'aihOsaw wardnees, and'hcgged to be allowed 'to pay for hs a mishap; but'.the auctioneer would not hear of it- - it was quite an accident=-he was among gentlemen, who would treat him as such. 'ly 'heart'began to soften; poasihly it was ar genuine concern, after all: I actually made a bid. I It had bien'a bad day, I suppose, in consequence of the 'absen'e of the trade.' Be that as it may, the sight of a naked foot-mark did not mnore as- v tonish Crusoe than did apparently the sound of my voice the assembled company. ' One pound ten,' I v cried. f 'Why, you're a making game,' said my tall a friend. 'Why, it's a hunidred-guinea set.-Two n pounds ten.' . 'It's only Stafford w?are,' I retorted. 'Only Stafford. is it?' he remarked, with a faint laugh: 'I should say they was Sayvres.' Hut the auctioneer held me with his 'glittering e eye.'. . 'L.et the gecitleinan: come forward,' he said : 'they'was made for, the Grand Dook of Saxe Co- t ,burg, only they wasn't finished in time. t ' Indeed,' said I : ' that was a pity.' I suppose theie must have been some peculiarity in the tone of my voice, for I instantly perceived e that I had inourred the displeasure of the gentlemen o around tie"'iad my position was growing rather " unidleaant: as'all the 'noses and breast-pins con- 'I 'verged.upon me in' rather a threatening attitude, t The deacon alone looked'mildly on. q At that momen. 1 wan aware of a fresh footstep u on the floor, the same gentle electric shock as be- t fore seemed to pervade the bidders, and the rather ii bloated gentleman in the rostrum gave a slightly t .perceptible start, just as a 'spider does whenia blue- a bottle blunders into his web. And now I dis. it covered how it was that the company could see so p well what was going on behind them ; for on the 1 opposite wall hung a looking-glass. and in' it In could see an unmistakable country clergyman ti- n midly looking at a ' genuiine Raphael.' n d Jim,' said the auctioneer, sotto. aoce, tip us the t old master.' "8 In a moment the 'Grand Delk' tea-service was a knocked down to a sulky-looking bidder in a blue .t bird's-eye cravat, and Jim staggered beneath the t weight of a remarkably brown Vi-gin, encased in a resl'lendent frame. . a 'The pictures'I have the honour. to submit to your bidding this morning. gentlemen,' commenced the auctioneer, in the most impressive voice, 'have t been brought to the hammer under the most per coliar-I may say unprecedented-citcmstances, 'The late opoprietor-a nobleman- ransacked the stobrs of foreign collectors, and purchased, regard less of cost, the few, but priceless gems I now have the'honour of submitting to your notice. Unfortu nately, circumstances have compiled his represen tatives to realise, without a moment's delay,--in short, they must be sold for. what they will fetch. The first lot, centlemen, is a genuine Riaphael, originally in the collection of Cardinal .Ritz. It is a genuine engraved picture,' remarked the official, examining soenm apocryphal memorandum through his goul eyeg lass, i termed the Virgin and Twi 'light, which accounts for the dark and solemn nature of the subject.' The noses and'the pins now 'becaiue violently agitated. Ah i that ain't for such as we,' said oone. 'No,' said aslother; 'it's a pity it should be put 6p when the trade ain't here.' 'Conme, gentlemen, make your bidding,' said the ,voice from the rostrum, ' you must have it At your 'Well, then, jest to give it a start,' said the gentleman in'the blue: bird's-eye necltcherchief, 'i'll say £5.' ; ', ' ' ' 'What! for this untouched picture,' almost shrieked the horror-stricken auctioneer. ' More likely £1500'.' TheIlt noses began to gruw excited. ,They actually seemed bidding ' live pin ten,' ' six pnt,' "seven pun!;' but the clergyman' made no sign. ' : 'Gentlemen,' said the auctioneer, wiping the sweat of agony from his brow, ' I cannot rob my 3 employers in this way.' What ! only seven'pounids for this untouched gem of, Italian art! . Jim, .run round to the executor's, in Doctoi Comnions, and ask himi if 1 meist throw the pictires awsay int' the" dirt in this manner.'L:, :: : ' . "Jim obeyed the orde ; and, calculating the time it waiddl take to'go and return, 'in pipes and goes, quietly steppet:into an adjoining tap.' ' SIn about .five .minutes ahe rashed baek. 'Mr. \--stys they must go at any price-they must be closed at once.' -" *"' ' Very,well. You hear what he says, gentlemen; it's not my fault-go it shall;' and with a look of horri-rihe h'eld'the heuiier aloft,-' Goiggat seven pounds.' Let me look, gently interposed the clerg3yman. He looked, wiped tie Virgin's face with a wetted handkerchief,: and scrutinsed: the' worm-eaten panel,. enrichled with, the seal. of the. art-loving cardinal. ? Here's the buyer for the National gallery corii ihbg,'.remarked the tall man by his aide. 1 ' Ahi II thought he wouldn't b-, far off to.day, said the auctidneer, exultinigly'.' ' l?ighetpounds !' cried the clergyan., . Wait a minute,' said the auctioneer; 'here's a ;entlemain coming that kows?whiit a goodtl picture is. SNine pouinds !'shouted the deacon. ' S? 'Fifteen pounds,!' cried the tewscomer, scarcely. deig?ing to look at the gem. S?'wenty p,lund!' faintly but hastily rejoined a 'the clergyman. : . ' ;.? . T he purchaser fur tlhe National Gallery, for some iunaciountable reisoei'which tMr Cniiynghamshould inquire into, would;n't go'further, and the clergy man gauined what the;natiou should have possessed -so said thde uctioneer. ' You've bici 'and made your fortuie, sir,' said the deacon ; and so the ;worthy purchaser 'seemed to think. I 'fancy I cang see that dear 'old black-gaitered • pastor;:in his snubg vicarage, standing, soame fine morulng, before ,his priceless ge.m, his finger:and thumb between the fresh-cut leaves ;of this week's 'Gueatdicat; pointing outits beauties to ''brotlierof thecloth . .,;. ' Suapped itc.up sir, for a b agatelle, under the nose o'of t , atinal Gallery purchaser-a gem : from: the Petti Palace'd so'd under'a idistiese for' rent', ; " "1 'What oter ancient masters were given away on te hatday L know 'uot,; for, happenmng to hazard "some: mud; douht. as tocthe' ghiriteness -of 'the itn ? phael, the deacon, to my amazcment and horror, , addressed. a few wor's to my iriv?ate ear that I a ndver dreamed could have fallen fronim his simple e avag?e?teal lips..?I shall .not,-repeat. them, bhut t 'aecl cste1 t seyslf by owying, that with Dori% stren th he intimated that I had better depart, orit would be the worse for me; and, taking the hint, Sretire l. ?ice that occasion, I have passed the establish ment several times, and J regret to say, Mr Ichabud has not yet accomplished the sale of the whole of the stock, nor has the deacon yet returned to the I duties of his local Zion. He still bids with charm ing simplicity for the china tea-service; nay, it would appear that he is not yet cured of that ner vous bashfulness which led him to break the tea-cup, for I saw him repeat his misfortune, with many apologies, only yesterday; and, if lam not greatly mistaken, I also perceived a pile of teacups behind the rostrum, which the benevolent proprietor, to all appearances, has provided against his unfortu nate.casualties. Strange to say, the cattle-dealer has not yet been able to tear himself away from the excitement of the bidding. At the same time that we must admire the skill with which some firures in these little dramas play their parts, I cannot help thinking; that, on one or two points, there is room for improvement, and if Mr Ichabod is not proud, I will venture to make a suggestion or two. In the first place, why does he not introduce one or two bidders-representatives of those stout females, all false-front and catalogues, who cheapen pots and pans at genuine sales! Then, to make it look more like the real thing, there should be a little more chaffing going on quarrelling with the auctioneer--anvthing to break up the ghost-like silence of the bidders. I miss, too, our old friend the porter-one of those grimy individuals into whose soul dirty-carpet has en. tered. Surely the genius that dressed the deacon and manages his deportment is equal to improvis. ing so necessary a functionary;. here is another point which strikes me as entirely neglected. There should be more bustle among the company, more in-coming, and out-going. Why could they not pass out by a back-door and in again at the mart-entrance, thus economising their numbers as they do in grand processions at the theatres ? Some arrangement of this sort would give to the scene an out-of-door life which at present is al together wanting, and the absence of which tends to excite the public suspicion, which might, with great advantage (to the proprietors), be avoided by a little ingenuity. l The next time I pass Mr Ichabod's establish ment, I shall see it he is above taking the hints I thus freely throw out.-E.cEracted. 