JANET LEE.--A STORY OF FIFTY YEARS AGO. Dissent has nljvays held a very different place in Scotland from that which it holds in England. There it is separated, almost uni versally, by a great gulph in the forms both of government and worship from the National Church, while to a Scotsman it presents itself, in outward appearance at least, merely as a variety in the forms established by law. And though the dily may not be far distant when this ' difference may be much modified, it still exists sufficiently to cause a considerable diversity in the tone of society upon this subject in tho two countries. For whatever grudge may be entertained between a parish minister in Scotland and his dissenting brethren, there is nothing of that tone of contempt with which Englishmen not (infrequently speak of all who arc not within the pule of " the Church." And however it may be now that Scotch Dissent is multiplied exceed ingly, between Robert Malcolm and Andrew Lee, the representatives fifty years ago of Establish ment and Dissent in Mossmuir, nothing but good will prevailed. And though the latter had a smaller kirk, and more poorly furnished manse, as well as a less numerous nnd influential con gregation than his beneficed brother, he was not less esteemed by the general community, nor less affectionately regarded by his especial flock. 1 would fain try to introduce my reader to the quiet little household in tho Secession Manse of Mossmuir. Let hiiu then look with me into it on a sunny forenoon in spring. It is Monday, tho clergyman's Sabbath of rest after his Sibbath of duty, and Mr Lee is taking his ease in n dressing-gown which has evidently seen lengthened service. "With spectacles on nose he is studying the Fortdkit Chronicle, published a fortnight previously. Mis kindly face bears traces of time and sorrow, but is lit up with that mellowed cheerful light which alone makes old age beauti ful. Triul and sorrow work wonderfully and sadly, and the looks of both Mr Lee and his daughter much beiio their ages. He looks be tween sixty and seventy, while it is not many years since he celebrated his fiftieth birthday ; and she — who would guess that with her placid, thoughtful brows, and firm, quiet lips, Janet Lee was but eighteeu ? But so it is. Death has early snatched from her well nigh all her heart treasures — a sister playmate, a baby brother, the pride and joy of her heart, and, last of all, the tender mother herself. All were taken from her ere she had well reached girlhood ; and dow, a woman before her time, she had already been for some years at the head of her father's small household. But JaDet can smile too, and is doing so now, as with a half-reproving look she listens to the playful salhes of her younger companion, Helen Grainger, who sits ou a stool at her feet, engaged, though not with any exce3sivee industry, on some plain needlework. She seems to think it necessary to receive half-chidingly the whispered references of her companion to sundry glances " tho Laird " had cast yesterday at the minister's pew. " Hoot, Nellie," she checks her with, " mind your work, and let thae fulisli thoughts alane." But still hor own mind seems to run on the Laird, for within a few minutes she is confidentially consulting with Nellie as to ' what cau hae brought the Laird to our kirk ?" And no wonder though it puzzle the young pair to determine, for it has puzzled their elderly friend before them. When on the Sunday after noon, after seating himself in tho pulpit and adjusting his spectacles, Mr Leo leisurely sur veyed his little fl ick, he was astonished to ob serve, in the corner of a back pew, a stranger of superior appearance and attire, whom, without knowing, he had no difficulty in distinguishing as " the new laird." And the worthy man may be excused for a little trepidation as hu turned up his text, speedily, however, banished by the remem brance of the Divine Muster whose ho was and whom ho served. But that the reader may understand a little of so important a person us " the new laird," I must explain somewhat concerning him. He is no less, then, than the proprietor of the flue small estate of Dunley, whose lands lie around Mossmuir, and whose mansion-house is riot above a mile from tho village. Yet though the Muuroes had for centuries pos sessed the estates of Duuley, the person of the present proprietor has been, till within about a week of the time which I write, un known in the district. An only child of parents who died while he was but an infant, he was brought up and educated far from his paternal home ; and his lands were thus for many years managed by Stephen Grant, a lawyer of whom Mossmuir was not a little proud, while his silent mansion was under the charge of Mrs Whitecross, the family housekeeper. After an absence of twenty years in India, Major Munroo had returned now, a man in the piime of . life — a stranger to the home of his fathers. No wonder, then, that his arrival had created some sensation in the quiet little village, whose every inhabitant, from Lawyer Grant in bis threo-storey house in High-street, to Granny Stubbs in her cottage on the .hill, seemed to. consider themselves personally interested in " the Laird." His appearance,- manners, politics and religion, everything in short about him, from the colour of his hair to tho size of his shoebuekles, wus minutely discussed ut the tea- table and inglesides of Mossmuir, and while his humbler friends had contented themselves with cheering his carriage as it passed through tho village on its way to " the White House," the more pretentious of his future neighbours had lost no time in presenting themselves at Dunley. Mrs Grunt was quite nervously anxious lest Mr Robertson, the village surgeon, should anticipate her husband and herself in paying their respects to the Laird ; while Mrs Malcolm had not allowed the parisli minister to be behind in civility, and took with her. much to the scandal of Miss Primrose, the village "autocrat, her eldest daughter Alice, a promising young lady of eighteen. But though several of hia friends had urged him to it, nothin g would persuade Mr Leo to make advances to the new comer. " Na, na, Nellie," as his neice playfully pressed him to go, " the Laird will gang to the Auld Kirk, no doubt, an' I would not seem to draw him from it." So it was little wonder though Mr Lee and his household felt some surprise ut seeing, on the preceding Sabbath afternoon, the Laird sitting au attentive listener in a back pew of tho little Seceder church. But returning to tho study parlour of our manse. The little group were occupied, as I havo desciibed, and had been sitting for some time almost in sileuce, when a knock was heard at the door, and presently Betty ushered in a stranger. Hp was tall and handsomely made, with a half- military style of dress, and it needed no second glance to assure Janet, despite her astonishment at such a circumstance, that " the new Laird " stood beforo her ; but the latter speedily broke the ice by an easy introduction of himself, and proceeded to explain the reason of his visit. " Though I have not before bad the pleasuio of your acquaintance, Mr Lee," he said, ' you seem quite tamiliar to me — I have heard of you so frequently from a very dear friond of mine, Colonel Maxwell." " Yes, I remember him well, Willie Maxwell, my pupil at Grirastone ; but he must now ho getting up in years, for I was then but young myself. I remember him very well. I hope he is well and prospering." " Ho is both, I can assure you," returned Major MuDroe, and he charged mo with this letter to give you at your earliest convenience. I should have presented it last week, but I expected to have seen you with the rest of my neighbours at Dunley and so the conversation flowed on in the smooth chantiola of true easy politeness which marked tho manners not less of the country minister than of the polished Major. Mr Leo introduced his daughter and neice, and to them, as to himself, Major Munroe's manners were courteous and agreeable ; alike removed from supeiciliousness and familiarity. He talked to them of his past life and future prospects and in tentions; and drew from them their occupations and pursuits ; expressing as much interest in all the affairs of the neighbourhood as if he had re sided among them for years. When, after engaging tho whole party to dine with him on the following Thursday, ho took his leavo, he left an impression evidently highly f-ivourablo on the minds of all. Mr Lee was charmed with his general good sense, and correct views on political views in particular. Nellie was in raptures with hia noble figure and bearing, his deep blue eyes and rich ruddy- brown hair ; and Janet, though she said less, seemed far from displeased with that agreeable Major. But as to going to Dunley she had many scruples, which ull Nellie's eagerness could not overcome. Mr Leo, however, whose simple mind was not given to seeing lions in tho way, overruled all her objections ; so that when Thursday came ull threo fouud themselves seated at Major Munroe's. dinner table. After some hesitation Janet was prevailed upon to act as mistress, a position which, notwithstanding Nellie's sly glances, she filled with an easy unaffected dignity, not indeed unworthy the stately ladies wiio looked on the little party out of their dim massive frames. She certainly looked beautiful after a quiet sweet manner that claimed without compelling admiration, her tight-fitting fawn- coloured dress abmirably setting off her fine figure and delicate complexion. ludeed, Nellie, who bad rigged herself out in her gayest ribbons, pronounced her as she was dressing, " quite fit to be a lady." Dinner over, Major Munroe ushered bis solitary lady guests into the stately old- fashioned drawing-room, recommending them to Mrs Wliitecross's attentions, and bogging them to amuso themselves without ceremony. This they proceeded to do by inspecting tho apartment, whose dingy satin hangings and stiff ancient furniture seemed to people it with the ghosts of tho past, in spite of the crackling fire of logs that blazed up the wide chimney, and glittered on the bras3 of the irons, and did its best to give an air of life to the long desolate room. They ex amined everything of interest, from the few dusty volumes, chiefly gifts to ladies of tho family from admirers long since forgotten, to the Indian curiosities the Major had brought with him ; and at length Janet, having discovered a copy of " Quarles," gave herself up to his strange conceits, while Nellio took refuge in a jingling old harpsichord, whose time-stained keys had in all probability been last touched by fingers now turned to dust. They were not, howover, long left te themselves ; tho gentlemen soon joined them, and tho remainder of the time was occupied in inspecting the improvements already begun, and the still more numerous ones planned in and around the old house of Dunley. The Major was full of the changes lie was to work. " It would soon be a new place, he hoped," and the. Lees could find no fault with any changes which left them so agreeable a neighbour. Time passed on, and the Laird did not forget his friends of the Seceder monso. Many were the presents of fruit, game, &c.;, which found their way there. Soon Major Munroe found that Mr Leo agreed so perfectly with him in politics and everything else, that he made it very frequently convenient to pass an evening with him ; and, while ho still adhered to the Established Church, was very frequently to be seeu of an afternoon in the lesser edifice where Mr Leo officiated. And so time passed, and everywhere, through all the various circles, might he heard discussed, with every shade of charitable or uncharitable criticism, the undis guised attention which Major Munroe paid the Lees. One evening as the winds were howling outside like a pack of hungry woIvps, the little family of tho Secession Mouse sat around the blazing fire, in tranquil enjoyment cf fireside comforts. Mr Lee was deep in one of his favourite theologians, and the ' girls were both busied knitting, when the former broke the silence by remarking, as he laid the hook on his knee, " What a , grand argument for elec tion ! IIow I wish Major Munroe were here to see it? By the way, Janet, what's become of bim ? It's near a fortnight siu' he was down. I wish ho he well." " IIo was in the kirk last Sabbath," replied Janet quietly, " an' it's only ten days sin' ho speercd at the door for your rheumatism." " Maybe," replied the old mau, for so hi3 appearance, if not his years, warrant us in calling him, " Maybe, but if it's only bi-tter to-morrow I maun go and speer for him. What a night it is 1 Pity any poor creature out." Just as ho spoke a knock was heard at the door. Andrew Johnstone was dying, and wanted to seo the minister, was the message. Air Leo prepared unhesitatingly to follow tho messenger. So there was nothing for them but, after wrapping round him his well-worn cloak, aud seeing him disappear in the dark ness, to return alone to the blazing hearth. They had not sat long when Nellie, laying her hand on her companion's knee, and looking in her face with an arch smile, said, in a merry, bantering tone — " Come, now Janet, I'm sure ye ken how Major Munroe hasna been hero 1 ye needua look so innocent ; I saw you blush when uncle speered." " An' if I do ken, am I bound to tell ?" replied her friend with an attempt at gaiety, but an evident constraint. " Yes, Janet, I think ye might tell me," pleaded Nellio ; " am I no your sister, an' nearly a woman now ?" and she flung one arm round her companion's neck. " Then you may guess a reasoD," returned Janet, without looking up. A silence of a few seconds followed, and then Nellie, as if unable to entertain the possibility of such an idea, inquired " lie never surely asked ye, and ye refused him ?" " Ay, Nellie," returned hor companion, quietly. " Oh, Janet 1 an' him so good, an' nohlo, and rich 1 Refused to be a lady, Janet 1 I canna believe it 1" " Would you hae had me break my word to another, Nellie ?" Nellie only replied by opening her blue eyes very wide, and her friend continued. " I may as well tell ye now, it is right yo should ken it. You know your brother Walter has grown up with me like a brother, wo hae known every thought and care o' each other, so what he asked me, I couldna refuse." " But why did I no ken this before, Janet ?" urged Nelly reproachfully. " You were at Fortdivit then, au' I thought you would have plenty time to hear it. I trust it may na yet be for lang, for I can never leave father. But Walter is willing to wait, and he's well worth waiting for, is he no, darling ?'' The vision of the Laird faded befero the image conjured up in Nellie's mind of the tall, thoughtful, student brother, whom she almost adored, and she embraced Janet with the most sisterly affection. And so those two sat in the dim firelight, and laid plans of hope and happiness for one and both, when this same student brother should have made a homo in the distant city. " But mind, Nellio," said Janet firmly, " I'm never to leave father. He's growing old and frail, nil' I'm all he has left." Nellie's brows fell somewhat, but she said nothing for a minuc. "An' does uncle ken o' this?" she inquired at length. " To he sure. Would I hae mado such a promise without his consent? But he lias promised no to speak of it, it may be so long till it co'tue. An' that was why I never told ye, but yo'U keep it to yoursel', and now ye know it." " Ye can surely trust rae, Janet," was all her answer, aud she looked meditatively iuto tho fire. Walter and Helen Grainger were the orphan children of a sister of Air Leo, by whom they had been brought up from childhood as his own family. Walter, who was two years older, a3 his sister was two years younger than Janet, had beeu educated in the study of medicine, and was now seeking to establish a practice at G , tho nearest city ; but which was, in those days of slow and expensive travelling, quite as distant from the little country vitiligo ns would bo now tho most remote corner of the kingdom. So tho littlo homo circle heard but little, and saw still loss, of the struggling young physician ; but their faith was strong, and not unfounded in bis integrity and perseverance. And it was an unspeakablo comfort to Janet that she could now talk freely to her companion of " that good time coming" which both looked for in tho dim future. Still Nellie did regret the discontinuance of the Laird's formerly so frequont visits ; had ho asked her, she would think, tho result would have been rather different. But Major Munroe, whose lu-art had been completely captivated by tho strong, pure nature of Janet, was not ono lightly to change his love. The disappointment he felt keenly, but he neither cherished hop.e nor resentment ; he knew too well tho character of the object of his devotion to believe that she might be moved either by temptation or persua sion, or to entertain for a moment that she would willingly have dealt so cruel a blow. But cruel it indeed was to him, for those few months had been sufficient to change entirely tho current of his life ; new hopes, new joys had sprung to life but to be blighted in the bud. And though for a time he bore up manfully, striving to discharge his quiet country duties, and interest himself in improvements that' now seemed robbed of all interest and beauty; all would not do. Tito good people of Alossmuir, who had so soon observed tho intimacy of the Laird with the household of the Secession Manse, did not fail also to notice a change in the familiar intercou3e. True, Airs Alalcoim, who took quite a maternal interest in the two motherless girls, had made herself aware that the' presents of game, &c.;, were not diminished, and that Major Alunroe still kept up his friendship with Air Lee ; but her womanly instincts told her there was a change, and she immediately put it down to the superior attrac tions of one or other of hor three girls. " She knew the Laird never could have reully fancied such a pale-faced thing as Janet Lee, poor girl," she would say, with a triumphant glance at her own rosy darlings; " an' as for that chattering little chit, Nellie, who would think of her I wonder? Poor tilings, they havo missed a mother ;" and the good iudy gave a sigh, half of relief, and half of compassion, as she unburdened herself to her friend Aliss Primrose, who shook her head sagely, and remarked it was just what foolish girls might expect — to bo cheated ; and she did hope the Laird would not be silly enough to marry a girl. Mrs Alalcoim, who was not twenty years older than her eldest daughter, didu't see that, Alajor Alunroe might do worse, she thought ; and so the matter ended for a time. But Aliss Primrose faithfully repeated the con versation next day to Airs Grant, who told it, with a laugh at Airs AI.'s ambition for her girls, to Airs Robertson ; and so it happened, that two days later, Air Robertson, dining with the Alajor, informed that gentleman over his wine that Mrs Alalcoim had designs upon Dunley. This, how ever, as well ns every such hint, failed to draw from Alajor Alunroe tho slightest intimation of his intentions ; and tho good people of Aloss muir, who seemod each and all mo3t specially interested in his matrimonial prospects, were completely baffled by his dignified reserve on that subject. When, therefore, within two years after his arrival, he announced his intention of travelling for some time, they gladly jumepd at the conclusion that he would speedily return with a foreign bride. The expectations of Alossmuir were, however,, in this respect doomed to disappointment. Years passed, during which Air Grant ruled the estate, and Airs Whitecross the house, as of old ; nnd only now and then did intelligence of the Alajor's movements roach the quiet neighbourhood of Alossmuir. Aleanwhile, time wa3 working his sad und steady, though silent, results. Airs Alalcoim had her heart well nigh broken by tho death of one of her darling girls ; and yet greater changes were wrought in the neighbouring manse. Good old Air Lee, aged by care and sorrow rather than by years, was one day prostrated by a stroke of parulysis, and after living some weeks in piti ful helplessness, though conscious, was at length gently released. His flock, with every mark of tender and nffectiouate sorrow, followed him to the grave, while the whole of the littlo commu nity united in regret for his loss and sympathy for the two girls left so helpless. But Janet, the first overpowering hurst of grief over, was able to look into the future with calmness ; and to all kind offers of a home among sympathising neigh bours, replied gently, hut firmly, that they would remain in tho old house till a successor was ap pointed, and that then they would go with Dr. Grainger to G ; and as it dawned upon the good folks of Alossmuir that Janet was to find a husband in him who had followed as a son the remains of her father to the grave, they were unanimously and sincerely glad. Her patience and her fortitude touched every heart, and the tongue of scandal had not one word t » utter. Airs Alalcoim, whose really kind heart filiation lmd enlarged, no sooner heard of it than, with a warm-hearted impetuosity that would take no denial, she insisted that tho wedding, which would take place without unnecessary delay, should bo uuder her roof. So not many weeks ufter their hands had been joined in betrothal by a dying father, Janet Lee and Walter Grainger united them in marriage, aud solemnised by their recent bereavement, entered with quiet happiness on their married life. Nellie, divided betwixt grief for the uncle sho had tenderly loved, and joy Jn the union of those dearest to her on earth, accompanied them to their city home. And so it was that when the Major returned from foreign parts to tho disappointment of all Alossmuir, except Mrs Alalcoim, still alone, he found a new face in the Seceder pulpit, nnd littlo children runningjin the garden walks of the Seceder manse. Many other changes, too, thero were in tho quiet village ; the Alajor said it seemed strangely still, and pronounced tho old house of Dunley unbearably desolate. Ho was changed — grown impatient aud moody, as well as grizzled and old-looking ; his step had lost its elasticity, and bis eye its brightness ; aud even Airs Malcolm seemed to give up hopes of his marrying, and began to wonder, with the rest of Alossmuir, who would be his heir. Air Grant, when consulted, assumed a mysterious air, but threw out hints of a distant English cousin. Tho Laird, however, did not like dying just yet, though lie declared it impossible for him to live at Dunley. So he( bought a house, tall, gaunt, and grey, in a genteel Edinburgh square, and passed his time in discussing politics at his club and detailiug his champaigns ovor his port. In short, the ardent, buoyant spirited Alajor shrunk into an old fogey — a goodly vessel stranded on the shores of love 1 Imagine a lapse of fifteen years, and come with us into a quiet street of the city of G , a street through which tho tide of fashionable life had once flowed full and strong, hut from which it has gradually ebbed to more favoured localities, leaving its shores to those molluscs of society, the decnyed gentility and elevated vulgarity which meet on the level of keeping lodgers. Along this quiet street, then, a cab might have been seen driving ono bright sharp day in December 18 — . The cab proceeded straight dowu tho street, almost to the end, and at last drew up before No. 44, on the brass plato of which appeared the name " Dr. W. Grainger." The door was open ed by a girl, with a good-natured Irish face, whoso appearance bespoke her the maid-of-all- work. To the stranger's inquiries sho replied that Airs Grainger was in, and led the way to a back parlour, whose door she opened and ushered him in without further ceremony. As the visitor glanced, with rather a bewildered air, round the small but neatly furnished room, a tall, pale woman, dressed in deepest mourning, rose from., her seat by the fire, and looked inquiringly at the stranger. With but one glance at her sad yet dignified face, the visitor stepped forward and held out his hand. " Mrs Grainger," he exclaim ed, " you havn't surely forgot me, your old friend, Stephen Graut ? " A quick smile of recognition passed over her countenance as she grasped his hand, and begged him to be seated. " I'm very glad to see you. I certainly should have known you, but I- never thought of you being here, it is bo long since I have seen any one from Mossmuir," and a slight sigh which escaped her caused the lawyer to look in her face, where a touching melancholy had takon the place of the brief smile. " No," replied he, " I don't think I've seen you since you left us, and that's fifteen — letmesee, yes, fifteen yearsnow, past September. I've only been once in G all that time ; and when I called then at the last address we had had from you, you had left, and the people couldn't tell U3 where you had gone." And as he spoke, he recollected that he knew her present address from the intimation of her hus band's death ; and looking into her fuco, still fresh and fair, so sadly framed in a widow's cap, the heart of even the matter of fact man of busi ness was touched within him, and he continued in a tone of tenderness quite unusual to him. " We have, however, heard of your afflictions, my dear Airs Grainger, and have sympathised very sin cerely with you." " Yes," she replied in a low though tranquil voice ; and ns the lawyer saw her wipe the tears that silent'y rolled down her cheeks he felt that he was in the presence of a sorrow, deep indeed, but brightened like pools in a glow ing sunset, into more thau earthly glory. " And how is Airs Grant, and all the rest of my kind friends at Alossmuir ? " inquired Airs Grainger, resuming after a moment's pause hor usual cheer ful, quiet manner. " Airs Grant is well, very well, thank you," replied the lawyer, in a tone of slight hesitation, " and so are Air and Mrs Alalcoim, though they're both rather frail now, both their girls are married you know, I suppose ; and the Dr. and Airs Robertson look about as well as ever, though their family are well up now ; but a friend of yours is gone — Alajor Alunroe, and that's what has brought me hero just now," continued Air Grant, looking his auditor full in the faco in a somewhat significant manner. The lady lookod startled and concerned. " I'm very sorry, indeed, to hear that," she replied, " he'll be much missed I should think. Are you on your way to Ediuburgh ? " "No," returned Mr Grant ; " though tho Alajor has lived so much there he seemed to have a wish to die at Dunley, and it was gratified. He has been long ailing— dyspepsia, and so forth ; but I daresay he had felt himself worse this autumn, so ho stayed at Dunley till the ond came. Ho died a week past on Wednesday. On Alonday we laid hia body in the vault in the old kirkyard, nnd I am now in quest of his heir." " Aud who is that ? " inquired the widow. " No other than yourself, madam," replied her visitor with a and a bow. Tho lady's pale cheek grow yet paler, nnd i she grasped at the table as for support, as she grasped out, " Air Grant, what do you mean?" " Only what I say, Mrs Grainger," ho replied calmly, " that Alajor Alunroe has left to you, and to your heirs for ever, the lands end estates of Dunley, on the sole condition of your resuming your maiden name. It is all quite unaccountable to me, but the Alajor seems to have cherished a profound respect for you; but calm yourself my dear Airs Grainger," he urged, as the agitation of her manner continued. " It is indeed a wonder ful deliverance. 1L» hath set the poor on high ; my soul doth magnify tho lord," was all that, in broken ejaculations, the poor widow could utter in the first burst of grateful astonishment, but gradually recovering composure, she continued, " I indeed thank him very much — nty kind, un expected benefactor — would lie could havo known ray gratitude 1 — hut still more do I thank Him who had considered my low estate, and raised nto from the dunghill. For, indeed, 1 have been in straits for many years ; and my poor Walter's illness left ino with scarcely anything to look to but my own exertions. But the estate of Duuley 1 It is too much ; and surely Air Grant," she con tinued, a troubled look'passing over her counten ance, " surely I am not depriving those who have a better right? '' " By no means, my dear Mrs Grainger ; Alajor Alunroe knew what ho was about. The heir-at-law was. a distant cousin whom he had never seen, and who has already, he knew, large possessions ; so surely lie was wise to give where he kuew tho gift would bo valued." " And it is valued. I shall never, never forget his kindness, nor will my boy ; we will bless his memory ns long as we live. I was particularly troubled," she continued, " to think that I couldn't afford to givo my poor Andrew the education I would have liked. I have even been obliged to think of taking him from school already to learn a trade, hut all that is over now. And dear Nellie, how glad she will he 1 You know, I think, that she was married to a dear friend of my husband ; sho did all sho could to help me, but she could give me Utile more than sympathy, for she has a large young family ; but she shull want for nothing now." The widow's tongue was loosed, and her heart sang for joy, and the man of business by her. side could but listen in sympathetic silence. The New Year saw a ticket " To be Let" on No. 44 William- street, and a look of new life in the old mansion of Dunley. Tho widow and her son took quiet possession of their handsome legacy ; and while many wondered, none grudged them their good fortune, for the manners of " Mrs Grainger Leo, of Dunley," were no less benign and winning tliun those of Janet Leo were wont to be in the old Seceder manse. And often did tho widow visit the village churchyard to drop a tear on the quiet resting-place alike of the father who had cherish ed hor youth, ond of him whose love for her had been " strong unto death." Aly story is told, and I trust it will not diminish anj interest the reader may have kindly taken in it, when I add that it is founded on fact?. 