THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. "Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas, Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." — JUVENAL. The three "R's" – to wit, Reading, 'Riting, and 'Rithmetic — have long been celebrated. At the present time, in Melbourne, we have two R's which have become noticeable. I mean Rain and Races. To contemplate both in a philosophic manner would be easy, but I venture to think uninteresting. Shakpeare's clown has remarked with more attention to rhythm than truth, that "The rain it raineth every day." It might have done so in his time – it certainly does not do as in ours. For weeks past people have been wishing for rain. I meet all sorts of men who, with noses in air, wander up and down the streets, and gaze in a melancholy manner at the sky. "Do you think it is going to rain ?" say they. I give some reply, suited to the capacity of the speaker, who then says, as a rule, "Ah ! want rain badly up the country just now," and gone his way. That there are many people whose fortune and well- being depend upon the state of the weather I do not doubt ; But as I have no flocks or herds, and only view a shower in the light of a nuisance, I cannot sympathise with them. One must of course pretend to do so. One must affect a deep interest, and shake one's head, sorrowfully, and look up at the sky with an oracular air, and purse up one's mouth into dismal affecta- tion of impending ruin. The rain has been one of my special annoyances. I have had many lately. When it did rain, and I was soaked to the skin, shivering, cold, and miserable, I have been met by people who said, "Glorious rain this, eh ! Bring up the grass, eh ?" May their dessicated souls be pumped upon for ever ! I wish that one might always speak one's mind – might always say to a long- winded idiot who repeats some preposterous anecdote which amused the youth of our grandfathers, and insists upon elaborating every part of it, except the end, – that one really thinks of him. I should like to be able once for all to tell some of my friends my true opinion of them ; to let them know just for once that I see through their petty trickeries, and snobberies, and vanities ; and tearing out from their secret places all their pet sins, held them up for the world to laugh at. How peaceful a feeling would steal over me when I saw the miserable animals clapping their tails between their legs and sneaking off ! Moralists talk of the pleasure of doing good to one's fellow-creatures. Believe me, it is nothing to the pleasure of doing them harm. Try it, and see. What a stupendous joke it would be if, upon one particular day, we all agreed to "speak our minds !" If I could say to Tompkins, "you are a pompous ass, and the world which bows before you knows it !" to Jenkins, "You are an ignorant half-educated prig !" to Wilkins, " You are making yourself a laughing-stock by reason of your vanity !" and that Tompkins, Wilkins, and Jenkins could say to me, " Q—, you are an impertinent humbug ; you deserve to be well kicked ; you make a pitiful pretence of being cleverer than your neighbours ; your wit is borrowed, your talent feigned, your morality a sham, and yourself a contemptible conceited booby," — Imagine the terrible re- sult ! How friend would recede from friend, families divided, and relatives separated ; think what heartburnings there would be, what furious hatreds and savage self- humilia- tions ! Would it not be a stupendous piece of fun ? But to return to the subject of rain. It has come at last, and the city rejoiceth. And it has come, moreover, just exactly two days before we set to work to pray for it. I have no intention of being irreverent, but allow me to remark that "praying for rain" is simply humbug. Men might as well pray for an ebb-tide at flood, or for two moons. Drought arises from natural causes,—why should we ex- pect the Creator to change the workings of the universe because the inhabitants of the Upper Murray want "rain." Think of this for a moment, and you will see that prayer in such a case is useless. Moreover, I have observed that people never "pray" for rain except as a last resource. "All is over," says the driver of a runaway coach, " we must put our trust in Providence," "Good gracious !" cries the old lady passen- ger, "has it come to that ?" This is the usual sentiment. Having delayed to pray until drought had existed so long that the chances — the absolute chances — were twenty to one in favour of rain within a week, impertinent humanity imagines that its miserable prayers have worked a special miracle in its behalf. Fools ! The other "R"— Races. Productive of some annoyance. Racing men gouging out eyes, beating, kicking, and jumping upon one another. Racing men at all events irate and abusive. I am not a racing man myself now, having in a certain measure forsworn sack — the lees whereof are bitter – and living as cleanly as I can, but I was always of opinion that the racing world was not given to deadly encounters. Events have proved me wrong. I see that the "old man," so to speak, has not been cast out of his old dominion, and that he is yet rampant in some swept and garnished bosoms. Fie! Fie! Fie! Think of the ex- ample! Oh dear ! oh dear ! fighting in the stewards' stand ! Quit custodiet ipse custodes ? What says the poet ? "Let dogs delight for to bark and to bite, For 'tis their nature to do so, But little Jack Horner, he sat in the corner, A-reading Robinson Crusoe." I do not think, however, that little Jack Horner was much to blame this time, for his opponent is noticeably quarrelsome. How- ever, you must shake hands and be friends, you know, and not do it again. All sorts of wild legends are afloat in the popular mind concerning the proceedings in a racing-stable. It is believed that horses are constantly being drugged, that mysterious men in cloaks are admitted under cover of night to the sacred shrine which holds the favourite, and that they forthwith produce bottles containing artfully-compounded drugs, by the. administration of which the said favourite will be disabled and made "safe." Impossible stories relative to the substitu- tion of one horse for another, the bona fide animal being buried in some lonely part of the "grounds," are retailed by the hundredweight, and amounts of "rop- ings," "physicings," and "squarings" are current in every saddleroom. The history of Gondolier will be for the future one of those tales which shuddering stable-boys relate by the odorous light of the guttering lantern over a greasy pack of cards in some stable penetralia. At the present moment, we know nothing much about it. We hear that Gondolier had fallen sick, and had been killed to put him out of his misery. We hear, further, that the said poisoning was not intentional, but that Gasworks was the true object of the intended hocus- sing. Then from out this abyss of mystery, another ghost rises – a sort of resus- citated Flying Scud ghost, with the latest additions and improvements. It is rumoured that Mr.Wilson, retiring to his virtuous couch to take his virtuous slumbers, is haunted by a sort of nightmare – the very mare, it would seem, who so pleasantly enacted the part of the Scud drama – and could not sleep. After teasing and tumbling from side to side, twist- ing up the sheets into strange contor- tions, rubbing his eyes, and scratching his head, Wilson arises at length, and goes down to look at Gasworks. All right so far. But with a dim notion of Flying Scud and the bribing of Old Boots by the accursed Hebrew yet hanging about him, Mr. Wilson is still uneasy. He takes, perhaps, a meditative pipe or two ; and yet the terrible feeling of im- pending evil does not wear off. At last, fairly under the dominion of Flying Scud, Mr. Wilson's bewildered brain elicits an idea. He will change the horses. Gondolier shall take the place of Gasworks, and if "nobbling" is meant, the conspirators shall "nobble the wrong 'oss" Having noiselessly accomplished his feat, satisfied Wilson goes to bed again, and in the morning – lo ! Gondolier has been "got at." "Oh, wise Wilson ;" but why thy suspicions ? Upon whom directed ; and from what arising ? This we would like to know, oh most prognosticating and prophetic Wilson. Let me hasten to my Jones. Let me con- gratulate him.Dear man, how he has been assailed, how he has been accused, how he has been tormented. But he has come forth pure and clean – clean enough for sharebroking Ballarat, at all events – and has got himself elected for that constituency. Behold him, courted and honoured, his name a proverb for honesty and probity ; see the old col- leagues rally round him ; notice how every honest man runs radiant with delight to shake the hand of Jones ! Ministers throng about him, eager to testify to his virtue, and the base efforts of his enemies have but resulted in a triumph for Jones. We shall soon see him take his seat in the House, surrounded with all the adjuncts that noble birth, stainless name, and brilliant genius can give him. Fortunate man ! Even now the unanimous press rings with your fame ; Government and Constitutional organs alike praise you ; and a full, true, and particular account of your recent triumph over the malice of your enemies it now on its way to England in the summaries of the various newspapers. But all this is as nothing. I know your noble nature ; your pure and gentlemanly soul. It is not the seat in Parliament you care about. Seats in Parliament will be, and have been, obtained by the greatest scoundrels in the world. Constituencies can be bribed, hood- winked, or led by the nose. You know that, and you set the foul breaths of demagogues, venal speculators, and the ignorant unwashed mob at their true value. Yes, my Nature's nobleman. It is not the seat you care about ; it is the respect and affection of all honest men that you value. It is the glorious privilege of being independent — of knowing that you have acted according to the strict rules of honour, which are sacred to every gentleman. It is the pride in feeling that you are blameless, spotless, innocent, and that in the future, men will not be ashamed to press your hand in friendship, or refuse to know you when not in place and power. I congratulate you. But I wait patiently. An extract from a letter to The Times (written by the chief constable of Chester) has set Melbourne people talking about thieves and their ways. I can assure them that the thieves here are very much like those at home. The slang is pretty much the same, and the process of appropriation is conducted much on the same principle. I for some years drove a very capital trade as a thieves' tailor, and al- ways found them strictly honest. I had but a gen when I began the trade, but I soon picked up money, and was able to keep myself in tolerable comfort, with a spare owt-yennep now and then for a top o'reeb. I called my- self a slap-up tog and kicksies builder. I give a copy of my advertisement for the amuse- ment of the curious reader. "Ready Gilt. "Upper Benjamins, built on a downy plan, a monarch to half a finnuff. Pair of good broad Kerseymere Kicksies, made very saucy, nine bob and a kick. Pair long sleeve mole- skin, all colours, built hankey-pankey with a double fakement down the side, and artful buttons at bottom, half a monarch. Pair stout ditto, very serious, nine times. Pair out and cut fancy sleeve Kicksies, cut to drop on the trotters, 2 bulls. Blue cloth waist-togs cut slap, with pearl buttons, 14 peg. Mud Pipes, Knee-caps, and Trotter-cases built very low. "A decent allowance made to Seedy Swells, Tea Kettle Purgers ; Headrobbers, and Flun- kies out of Collar. N.B.— Gentlemen finding their own Broady can be accommodated." This looks a little unintelligible to those who have not had the good fortune to live in Bohemia, but it was read with complete ease by my customers. Melbourne is a very poor imitation of London as far as thieving goes. The London streets is a strange shore to be cast upon, I can tell you ; barren and inhos- pitable. De Quincy calls the city " a stony- hearted mother.'' Yet a man can live there – honestly, I mean – when he would starve else- where. What do you think of the fact that 180,000 bushels of apples and 319,500 pottles of strawberries are sold in the London streets every year ; that 124,000,000 oysters at 1d. a-piece are disposed of, the total value of the shell-fish eaten being £156,650. Yet it is the case. We need not be afraid in Melbourne for some time. About the Fine Arts Exhibition. I hear that it is to be open in the evenings, and that theatrical managers are complaining that such a proceeding will draw the public away from the theatres. If the entertainment, at the theatre is better than that at the exhi- bition, I suppose that the public will go to the theatres in preference. Besides which, theatrical managers always reply when the venal and ignorant journals of the day object to "Jack Shepherd," or "Blood, Bones Brains, and the Battle-Axe Brand ; or, "The Murdered Milkmaid of the Midnight Mist" (drama in three acts), that "the pit and gal- lery is the place to play to," and that for their parts "give them a good pit" (a bottomless one would be insufficient to contain such an audience as some of them desire) ; so that I don't think the Fine Arts will ever rival the theatre. The audiences who come to see the "Bounding Boatman of the Bosphorus," don't care about Fine Arts, and I am sure that those people who like Fine Arts don't care about the "B.B.B." So that, after all, things are "pretty level." A question of costume with reference to the new burlesque. Were the Norman soldiers in the habit of going into action with nothing on but a shirt and a shield ? If so, must they not have found it a little cool ? Q. 