NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, July 12. Haigh's fellmongery factory was burned down yesterday. The loss is estimated at I £3,000. Don Quintana, the new Spanish Consul, has arrived. Breadstuffs are stagnant. Theatre Royal.— The new season has had a hopeful opening, and the star, Mr. Mansergh. if he has not electrified Adelaide, has shed a mild effulgence over it well adapted to the season. He had a good though not a crowded house, and if he estimates his success by the number of calls he received before the curtain, he imiEt be highly satisfied with it. We do not intend to be precipi tate in speaking critically of him, as we hope there «iii iu» nnnnrtnnitv enough for maturing our opinion before we part company with him. me programme was not one on which to form a decisive judgment, the only very ds tinctive character in it beiug Barney the Baron. The Ragged Pat of 'Ireland as it Was' is mainly a conventional Irishman, compounded of brogue, knee-breeches, and grinning. Barney can be made a great rGlc, however; and Adelaide playgoers have vivid reminiscences of more than one version | of it Mr. Mansergh's is not a reproduction of any of the~ie. It is unquestionably original, though there may be doufets as to its being an improve ment. Compared with O'Keil'B, it is artificial in many points, and wants the spontaneity which is the charm of all such mercurial rules. ii-. rreated auite as much fun, but in a different way. Its oddities were, perriaps, more laughable, but they exceeded the requirements of the character, and obscured rather than illustrated it It contained many well-delivered and telling iokes. but it failed to produce any general impres sion of humour. Mr. Mansergh does not rise into the elevated class of dramatic humorists, though he is clever in the ;? funny man' line. With the necessary gymnastic training he would be a first rate clown, for he has a thousand and one absur dities of the ring at his finger euds. He can extinguish a bedroom candle with a wineglass, and pick up his hat from the ground with a fork- but though he intended these peculiar move ments for an indication of having drunk more than ™« .mod for him. he was not otherwise successful in feigning drunkenness, uir. «iuu, ''*' ??* brings i Eccles on the 5tage tipsy, does nothing half soaosurd as extinguishing the candle with a wine glass, but his tipsiness is far better acted than Mr. Mausergh's. Barney was a true.Inshman for the first quarter of an hour, especially m his self introduction to Edith. He ought to have made I more of the supper scene, and of the 'murdered spuds.' which he threw about as if afraid to hurt Bailie Bluttenwie. The ehost scene in the bedroom appears to be his favourite, for he elaborated it with the greatest care, its peculiar merit was the absurdity of the contortions he executed when under the ghostly influence. Its peculiar defect was the absence of every sensation which ghosts, are generally sup posed to produce on their victims. There was no terror portrayed in Barney's face while he listened to the clanking of the ghostly chain. There was no violent feeling of any kind expressed in Ins movements. Mr. Mansergh has provtd himself clever in a certain line of stage business; but he has still to reveal any intensity there may be in him of dramatic power. His Barney is an enjoy abktapersonationT which the public should go to see for the sake of promiscuous fun, if not for its artistic finish. It will be repeated to-night, along with ' Ireland as it Was.' Organ Recital— A concert of sacred music was given by Mr. Chas. Lascelles in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral ou Monday evening, 'in aid of the funds of the poor schools for the education of destitute children.' The entertainment was under the patronage of Sir. James Fergusson and the Right Bev. Dr. ShieL Mr. Lascelles was assisted by Mrs. Bury, Professor F. Ellard, Mr. A. Wilkie, and the Cathedral choir, which included 10 or 12 vocal performers. There were also three or four instrumentalists in the organ loft. Sir James and | Lady Edith Fergusson were present. The reserved seats were nearly all filled, and the unreserved were quite crowded. The programme, like a brilliant niece of jewellery, sparkled with gems of the first water IS early every one of the pieces was a thine' of beauty.' It is seldom that so many excellent and severely classical compositions are included in one programme. The master productions of Handel. Haydn. Mendelssohn Kossini, Beethoven. Neukomn. Weber, and others were rendered tributary to the Occasion. Before the commencement of the entertainment the Very Kev. J. h. ±- Woods requested that as the music was of a sacred classical character, such as was usualy performed iu ecclesiastical edifices, there might be no atmlause and no encores. This request was striS adhered to. With regard to the per formances themselves we scarcely kuow. how to characterize them, except perhaps by saying they were alike innocent of any special excellencies or marked defects. We imagine the most severe critic would have little cause for fault-finding : and yet either on account of the acoustics of the rmiidin*. the nervousness of the -performers, or some other more occult cause, me uiuaiu i«i ..«.£- riaratively flat and meaningless upon the ear. The concerted pieces were deficient in power and grandeur, and the solos were for the rnpst part feeble and ineffective. These remarks apply more narticularly to the first part. After the interval the £erformerb seemed to have gained confidence and to have felt more at ease. Mr. Wilkie, who in the first nart ventured to irive the magnificent song, ** Sound an Alarm/ with an organ accompani ment only, and quite failed in raising the en UTusiasm of his auditory, was really very effective in Mendelssohn's 'Ii with all your Hearts, from the 'Kliiah.' So also Mr. Lascelles in his inter pretation of Kossini's 'Pro Peccatis fairly I ?'awoke the slumbering echoes into We' by his fin*vocalization. Von Weber's ' Benedictus'' and 'Asmu3 Uei' may alao be mentioned as having been very carefully given by the Choir, aud Mrs. Bury. Mr. Wilkie. and Mr. Lascelles performed Curechmann's 'Ti Prego' very effectively. Two or threeof the pieces on the programme were omitted. The entertainment was concluded soon after 10 o'clock with a voluntary on the organ by Mr. Lascelles. The proceeds avadable for the school fund must have been very large. AcciDENT.-On Monday night Mr. J. Blake, oi King William-street, drove up from the Bay, irhere his wife had been removed for the benefit of der health. It was intended that the horse should Bass Qoucer-street in coming along West- terrace; but the horse 'turned yery Bhortly round and the spring-cart capsized, so that Mr- and Mrs. Bhke were both thrown with great foroa. Mrs. Blake was bruised abaut the face and blood flowed freely ; but although severely shaken, no serious conse quences are apprehended. A crowd collected, and assistance being procured the vehicle was got right again, and proceeded on its way. Gem Sasd.— A very pretty sample of gem sand from Mottled Bay, northward of Port Lincoln, has been sent to our office, where it may be seen by the curious. Coppeb Dowh SoUTH.-We (Sotd/iern Aram) had the pleasure yesterday of inspecting some beautiful specimens of pure virgin copper found in the neighbourhood of the Upper Finniss, and about two miles distant from the original Bradford Mine. The attention of the discoverer was first directed to the spot by the presence on the Burface Of a quantity of rich green carbonates. Upon sink ing a moderate depth a small quantity of malleable copper of a nuggetty character was found, ioter imxed with quartf. For many years past the opinion has been prevalent that large copper denoaits existed in the neighbourhood of Mount Observation, notwithstanding the unsuccessful efforts made some years ago to lead to their development Should the present discovery lead, as is expected to better results, the gam .to the South wOl be immenBe. The section on which the discovery was- made has been purchased at the Land iftoTdnSSStta week. We believe active iteps will Bhortly be taken to test the value of the discovery. Thb Prodigal PRiBct-An exchange has the following-— 'The Prince's prodigal presenta' is the principal cartoon of the current number of Sydney PuncL The Prince is lounging on a Shair and Eliot Torke is presenting H.B.H. with a copV of the London gfoMs-repreBenting .£3,500 as the amount charged by the Prince for his pre sents on his voyage to these colonies. Punch takes as his text— 'Nothing extenuate, nor Bet down oughts in malice.- Shakspeare. slightly altered by the House of Commons.' And then he gves the followim::-'Prince-I say, Yotke, here'« a nice state of things. I told you to charge for what we really spent- £35, and you ve done it so clumsily that they have mistaken it in England for .££500. Yorke— My dear Pnnce, I hope I may I never serve you less amnsily. ftimp-T« tat two ouglds are more than one ovgld to sod to nil account, dear boy.' 