WHEN THE SACRED LINE IS FRITTERED, WHICH WAY DOES TJ-IE VIRTUE GO ? In looking, tho other day, over the Cen turies at the end 'of Mositeim's, wo were struck ,, with tlie multitude of 'schisms whicn have split "the Pontifical pretensions . to apostolic : descent. : Besides the utter obscurity which rests; on< the history Vof the nrst ropes or Kome,the chronologi cal. corisistcncy' of whoso '. pontificates can never be made out, , a scandalous ambition has , provided, us with . a, long series of severances, i fatal to the whole' pretention' on 'which ecclesiastical Rome is founded. "Without stopinug to .verify the list of schisms in, /that /series, , we will just give a summary of them, and; then- give a specimen .or two of their ; character/ Any : one of them alone is ; sufficient' . /toi,'1'' 'demons nature of the Papal; foundation., . . Mosheiiu: then mentions two, schisms in the fourth century ; two in- the fifth ;/ two in the1 sixth;'' one' in "'tiic seventh ;, two in' th e " eighth', ! in' ,;thp 1 sWcon d ; 1 of, which . there- /iyerq . 'three competitors,; , fo.ur are mentionod-in the ninth, in the last there being four rivals p four in the'' tenth; five in, the eleventh ; 'oneaggra-1 vated one.' iii t'ne ' twelfth ; two in the fourteenth; , the ,! second, of which raised ; . a rival Popedom -at; Avignon for a "long, while p one frightful one; in the fifteenth. ' . Considcriiig that the affairs/of the' Romish / ,; ChurpliT;!, ate/. so ! st'rcnii-. 1 ously , , maintained to . ' have ; . been alway s conducted,; under the' inspiring, power off the >< Holy - Ghost;1 this' list 'is' enough , to. awaken ''very cvii'ious qucs- itioniugs.: .. Some rivals V in- these1, slips must unquestionably have -been, in-; the wrong. Let. the list, however, be ' scrutinized, in oi'der ,tb show, tlfat some of the instancbs are not fairly put into history,;, and that in reality the infallibly right man caiiio generally at last into the sacred office ; iio such expl.aha.tioh- can avail/to. rembve'.all' the difficulties c'f the succession. , We ; will see presently what is the value of the. allowance in most instances. Meanwhile; wo advert' to, one of the more striking oLtlie/earlier' schisms. /'/lf'ir;; . : ; ' . A hard struggle' was' maintained for -a : long while hetween; 'tlie1 Emperors of Germany, and the Pontiffs' for the time being, ifor: supremacy.' / Oh the ' side of- tho -Emperors; tho primary aim 'was to; maintain their right of investiture in re- ' gai'd to the bishops within their' domin- ; ion, which right the Popes denied. In the struggle, sometimes the Emperor, sometimes the Pope prevailed. . Then again the Emperor claimed . the right of nominating and confirming the Popes, which claim also- sometimes gave way under the ' conflicts of the times; and then the Popes : assumed an attitude of . corresponding power over the Emporprs. One of the most . powerful of the Gcrmitn Emperors was OthoI., who reigned thirty-six years, from a.d. 936. It was in his roign that John XII. was Pope. This man had been- elected through family connections at the age of eighteen, when lie lie was not even in orders. He was sunk in debauchery, and had to implore tho , help of Otho : against his enemies. He subsequently revolted from the Emperor, and was consequently, on the allegation of his debaucheries, though really for liis un faithfulness to his patron, deposed. Leo VIII., another layman, hut a better man, was elected his successor. The people and clergy of Rome now hound them selves not to elect or consecrate a Pope without the consent of the Emperor. But very soon a faction reinstated Jons" XII., a council then deposed Leo, and passed a canon of which the purport was, that a Pope could not be deposed even by the bishops and clergy, much less by any lay authority. John was soon after assassinated in the arms of a courtezan. His party proceeded to elect Benedict Y. This enraged the Emperor, and lie marched back, reduced Rome, and re stored Leo VIII. But, again, this Pope soon ' dying, the imperial commissioners allowed John XIII. to be elected. The Italians at oiiiie expelled this man, and were without a Pope until the Emperor returning .with vengeance, restored him ; to the chair. Otho II. began to reign about 973. Factious parties took advantage of his youth. Benedict VI. was murdered in prison; The . faction , of , his murderer elected Boniea.ce VII. Another faction elected Benedict VII. A third faction elected John XIV. whom Boniface put to death. ' ' That century had hot ended when another scliishi took' place; ! Cbescen- tius, the man who had murdered Bene dict-VP, was !again. troublesome. He expellqd: Gbegoux V.,; the successor of John iXV., and placed John XVI. in the Papal - chair. : Otho III. marched to". Rome; beheaded Ceescentius, caused John XVI. to have his nose cut off" and his eyes iputi out, and then to: be thrown from the top of : the castle of St. Angeeo. t He then restored Gkegory, and returned to Germany.'. "We had thought of detailing one or , two: more cases such, as these;, butiour present i space will not permit it. We will only remark that in all the schisms which; disfigure thei history of the Pon tificate,- there was inhuman > violence, cruelty, and blood, with ! simony and ' daring profanity. : It is a most instruc tive : history. : ; Two, three, sometimes four! Ropes;; were seen striving for the mastery, each maintained' by . a powerfuL faction: l Sucli was the boasted unity of ' thcRoinish Church in thosc past ages. ! ; . Now, ifs'oune of the cases in Mosh'eini?s list'be exaggerated; of which,-, however, - ' there is no sufficient, proof, ; still i so fre- ; , quent haves /been! : .-these ; .divisions; that ! ; they ' utterly --.destroy . the crodit of- the 1 whole assumption. And the moral qua lity of the contentions 'was so nearly in fernal, that- certainly, if on such; a rock the! Church; of. CiiitiST was, .built, the gates of hell-had prevailed! against , her ,; with a vengeance,, and thus the promise - i of- our Lord was falsified. ;-. ; What was tlie valueiof Peter's primacy if such were its condition ? -!:;, 1 But wo return to >thc; sacred thread — - it- was often! strangely.- attenuated, if not: .quito fretted through, even -in. the cases of- the best .Popes.'- . Who is to tell what, fibres of the divided -. thread contained the true' > episcopal, apostolical , sacerdo tal virtue, , when two or, more Popes, equally biid in moral character, not even ecclesiastically .eligible, opposed and .ex-. ' communicated each, other, : with terrible anathemas ? ' ; The imperial appoinments ' often stood ithcir ground against all the ill-will of the! clergy ; but when they 1 could, the clergy tore those appointments to tatters, denying their validity, and pronouncing against those who held th'em an utter condemnation. N ow waB the sacred line surely frittored so, that it would be hard to tell whore the divine : virtue : could find its. true ' conductor. 'One- or: another of the rival Popes was certainly a counterfeit — who could gua rantee the i genuine one ? The profa nity of an imperial appointment might prevent the virtue from being conducted by that strand of the thread— yet that ; appointment stood, performed papal functions, was the source of ordinations and consecrations for the time of its (iontinuance, and was therefore presu mably the channel of the only apostolL cal grace which the Church could re ceive throughout all its vast ramifica tions. If all this was false — what then ? Nor is the question uninteresting to these times. "We do not think the pa pal throne is likely ever to be disputed again ; it is more likely to be subverted. But if only one of those many schisms in past history is true ; if there ever were two Popes contemporaneous and Anti-popes to each other, it at best renders the transmission of the holy power doubtful to every priest, and to every member of the Church. If the wrong Pope had the prevailing party, and kept in power, who can tell whether any existing bishop or priest does not derive from him rather than from any right one ? Who can suppose that the wrong channel could equally conduct grace with the legitimate one ? Who can tell whether the divine current' was not absolutely intercepted by such a case, and for ever prevented from flowing on ? Or who can say, if there was leg itimacy in all the divisions of the thread, whether the grace has not become so at tenuated in any one of its currents as to be wholly unavailing ? If this last be not the case, then who can say what is the; use of having but one Pope rather than two, or three, or ten, or a hundred at the same time ? Might not any num ber of co-Popes convey the virtue as well as one ? And if so, are they not all equal? And where then is the primacy of St. Peter ? We rather think that if there ever was such a sacred line to conduct a special grace, the corrupt ages have long ago frittered it away till there is nothing left of it. Then we must have a virtue from Christ that will never fail ; and let alljhumble believers rejoice — we have it! 