SELECT POETRY. THE DEATH OF JUDAS ISCAPIOT. A very remarkable poem, possessing much picture- esque power, appears in Blackwood for October. It is in the form of a letter from a Roman Lawyer at Jerusalem to a friend at Rome, giving an account of the treason and death of Judas Iscariot, as related to the writer by one Lysias, " an old man, Chief of the Centurinii," and supposed to be the commander of the party by whom our Lord was taken. Lysias, after recounting how Christ was arrested and carried to the High Priest's home, thus proceeds :- " That night I saw not Judas. The next day. Ghastly, clay-white, a shadow of a man, With robes all soiled and torn, and tangled beard, Into the chamber where the council sat Came feebly staggering : scarce should I have known ' Twas Judas, with that haggard, blasted face : So had that night's great horror altered him. As one all blindly walking in a dream He to the table came—against it leaned— Glared wildly round a while ;—then, stretch- ing forth From his torn robes a trembling hand, flung down, As if a snake had stung him, a small purse, That broke and scattered its white coins about,— And with a shrill voice, cried, ' Take back the purse ! ' Twas not for that foul dross I did the deed— ' Twas not for that—oh, horror !—not for that ! But that I did believe he was the Lord ; And that he is the Lord I still believe. But oh, the sin !—the sin ! I have betrayed The Innocent blood, and I am lost!—am lost ! So crying, round his face his robes he threw, And blindly rushed away ; and we, aghast, Looked round,—and no one for a moment spoke. " Seeing that face, I could but fear the end ; For death was in it, looking through his eyes. Nor could I follow to arrest the fate That drove him madly on with scorpion whip. " At last the duty of the day was done, And night came on. Forth from the gates I went, Anxious and pained by many a dubious thought, To seek for Judas, and to comfort him. The sky was dark with heavy lowering clouds ; A lifeless, stifling air weighed on the world ; A dreadful silence like a nightmare lay Crouched on its bosom, waiting, grim and grey. In horrible suspense of some dread thing. A creeping sense of death, a sickening smell, Infected the dull breathing of the wind. A thrill of ghosts went by me now and then, And made my flesh creep as I wandered on. At last I came to where a cedar stretched Its black arms out beneath a dusky rock, And, passing through its shadow, all at once I started ; for against the dubious light A dark and heavy mass that to and fro Slung slowly with its weight, before me grew. A sick dread sense came over me : I stopped— I could not stir. A cold and clammy sweat Oozed out sill over me ; and all my limbs Bending with tremulous weakness like a child's, Gave way beneath me. Then a sense of shame Aroused me. I advanced, stretched forth my hand And pushed the shapeless mass ; and at my touch It yielding swung—the branch above it creaked— And back returning struck against my face. A human body ! Was it dead or not ? Swiftly my sword I drew and cut it down, And on the sand all heavily it dropped. I plucked the robes away, exposed the face— ' Twas Judas, as I feared, cold, stiff, and dead : That suffering heart of his had ceased to beat." Thus Lysias spoke, and ended. I confess This story of poor Judas touched me much. What horrible revulsions must have passed Across' that spirit in those last few hours ! What storms, that tore up life even to its roots ! Say what you will—grant all the guilt—and still What, pangs of dread remorse—what agonies Of desperate repentance, all too late. In that wild interval between the crime And its last sad atonement!—life, the while, Laden with horror all too great to bear, And pressing madly on to death's abyss : This was, no common mind that thus could feel— No vulgar villain sinning for reward ! 