MR. FOULKES. We had thought that the fence of infalli bility around the Church of Rome Avas so Avell guarded and kept, as not to be either overleaped or broken through. We are ourselves accustomed to maintain very de- cided opinions on the matters Avlncii avc deem really important in religion. No where but in the Broad-church or the No- church do we expect to find men : of ordinary honesty so indifferent to prin ciples, as, with sell-complacency, to treat them entirely as things of little concern. "We do not wonder at the rigour of either the Romanist", or tho genuine Protestant. '.Lines of demarcation seem to us inevi table, when intelligible and determinate argument is to be pursued. Whatever be the errors that men hold, it hardly seems consistent with honor to hold them loosely. A kind of respect is due to the consistency of men who reason strongly, and act as they reason, even on the wrong side. In saying this we yield nothing to error itself, and certainly, nothing to those who hold error withunthinlciiig obstiiiacy. Still it is as unmanly as it is .pernicious for rational beings to maintain no principle at. all with concern. But Mr. Foulkes has taken altogether new. and unwonted ground , and, what is moat remarkable, lie luis taken it delibe rately, and that too in the face of an Arch bishop of his church, once, like himself, a clergyman of- the Church of Ejigland, but now one who is in dignity in his new pro fession all but the highest, looking forward .possibly ;to the attainment of 'the abso lutely! highest, and who must, therefore, be. supposed to ho ready to defend Rome to- the utmost, in order , to justify' his change/ What Dr. Manning' may think of. his correspondent wo do not pretend: to. conjecture ; what he may think of liis representations may perhaps little concern that correspondent ; but certainly the questions raised by Mr. Foulkes'- state- ments, trutnim as tney are Deyonu cavil.: are such as ought to he answered with' all candour, and it hardly seems compatible with, integrity not to answer them. It is really a matter of little moment to the matters at stake, to call Mr. Foulkes an inconsistent man. If the allegations lie makes at length are true— rand who can deny it ?: — liow can Archbishop 'Mas-, ntng defend his desertion of Protestant ism? or liow can any Romanist who has1 a conscience feol quite at ease ? Mr. Foulkes. was a member of the Church" of England — that is, assumably, a Protestant. His mind ivas unsettled; He searched; and searched in -order to understand whether the one or the other Church was true, and in accordance with the Scriptural or even traditional theory of justifiable ecelesiastieism. He was told by his Romish, advisers, that lie was not in a position to : judge of the real character of their Church— that outside their Church nobody could know its -value — that he must come within itsven- cdosure in order to be enlightened oil that subject. We were ourselves once told something of the kind by a' Romish bishop ; that in reality the: baptism of its members gave them wonderful: light, inspired them with faith to such a degree that they were ever afterwards so :illuminated by it as to he liable to no mistake. Mr. Foulkes yielded to their suggestion, but in what appears to .have been rather an abnormal manner. He was received into the Church by a French priest who never demanded of him whether he believed the infallibility of the system, and so, whether he yielded up himself, body - ailid soul, con scious heart and soul, and all to its dog matical teaching. On such loose condi tions he was allowed to enter the Church and to continue in it ; wherefore, as he still was a recognised member of the Church, he ought to have got some glancing rays, if not the whole splendour of its wonderful brilliancy. Has he carried too Protest ant a heart with him after all ? Then why have they not cast him out as an unsound member, whose submission and surrender was not half complete? We do not understand his position, and yet to 'us there -are in it things wonderfully satisfactory. Believing, as we do, that it is not at all necessary to enter that Church, and to he enwrapped in its meshes, in order to know what it is — we at least can accept Mr. Foulkes' testi mony. We did not know that any one could he there who, in any way, or in any degree, disbelieved the infallibility of the system ; hut if it can be so, it certainly is for us a very favourable way of furnishing us with an impartial witness, who can not he supposed to be ill-disposed towards the Church of his adoption, and, who, must therefore have told his thoughts rather reluctantly, and under a moral compulsion of no ordinary force. Hot having his pamphlet at hand, we will just copy some of the extracts made from it as they appear in the Times article. They give abundant proof that whatever may be tho faults of the Church of England, or any other Protestant Church, nothing is gained by seeking refuge in the Church of Rome. Here is the account of his change of pro- fession. " You," he says to Dr. Manning, " and very many more probably, seemed' to have joinerltheRoman Communionjnot only pledged never to find fault with it, but to see. witli its eyes, hear with its ears, ' understand with its understanding, stand or fall by its judgment. Tour argument, I presume, would ho that the Church of Rome claims to be infallible ; that you submitted yourselves to it as such, in the fullest confidence that its decision, can never mislead you ; that they are 'Giod's voice speaking to you, wliiji you are bound at the peril of your salvation- never to mistrust, much less dispute. I joined the Roman Communion, on other grounds, and was accepted. Practically,. 110 doubt, tlie Church of Rome claims to be infal lible, and. anybody who concedes is dearer to her than anybody who disputes her claim ; but I was never required to pro fess this on entering her Communion, and perhaps might never have entered it, if I liiad- been. ' Sanctum catholicam et aposto- licam Romanain Ecclesiain, omnium eccle- siarum ,'matrehi ' et magistram, .agnosco,'. a medimval phrase; of which I' know the full: .historical value, wai the uttermost toi which I gave my adhesion. . Au'd I said: to myself on that occasion, if she'is really! infallible, she call stand much morej searching criticism than the one, which I| am leaving; for lier sdke, on '."behalf' of which noisuch claim lias ever Been made. i For I consider .that,! after the extreme! rigour with which the claims of the Church! of England had', been examined by us all,; it' would be tlie height of disingchuoushess: in us to shut our byes' to' any;: weak points- 01 the system that we were embracing m: preference, should any such exist. ' I felt that if' I' found the claims of the Cliurchi of Rome to be thoroughly iii accordance! with facts, I should: ever aiterwards'regai-'d her -with tenfold reverence; froih' liaviug' verified them myself. . If tlicy wero true, analysis, impartially conducted; could only' confirm "them ; if : they were false to any, extent, or exaggerated, I .conceived we should be hound ill common honesty to tell our friends1' that we' were to that ex tent, in .reality, no' better off than we' h ad been' where we were before. But ' till I had actually 'been received into ' commu nion with R.ome,' it' was my owirimpres- sion, and I was assured by members 'of the Roman Communibn' over - and - over againj that I could never judge of 'her system at all fairly, or "adequately;': "and this was one of, my 'chief- reasons "f6r embracing it Avhen .1 did. Afterwards'I resided in various countries- where it was dominant, and studied its worship in town . and .country, comparing them with what I had abandoned for it at home. Then' I returned and - set myself to-work to improve my previous knowledge of its history in past nges, and its relations with other Churches ; paying especial atten tion to the causes which had produced estrangement between it and them for a time, or ' till . now. All this- lias been my constant employment for the last- dozen years or more, so that I cannot he said to have drawn liiy conclusions hastily." A phrase had been very surreptitiously foisted into the Nicene Creed making sepa rating the Greek and Latin churches, and a dogmatical, 'difference between them to this very day. Here is what he says of the Council of Florence in relation to that matter: — " £ Of all Councils that ever were . held, I suppose there never was one in ' which hypocrisy, duplicity, and worldly motives played a more conspicuous or disgraceful part. How the Council of Basle was out witted, and Florence named as the place to which the Greeks should come; how the galleys of the Pope outstripped the galleys of the Council, and bore the Greeks in triumph from Constantinople to a town in the centre of Italy, where the Pope was all powerful ; how they were treated there; and why they were subsequently removed to Florence, would reveal a series of in trigues of the lowest order, if I had space to transcribe them; unfortunately, they, were too patent at every stage of the Council for the real objects of its promo ters to admit of the slightest doubt. Be tween John Palaeologus and Eugenius it was a barrier of temporal and spiritual gains from first to last. One had his capi tal to guarantee from attack ; tlie other his position in Italy to establish. Each hoped to he victorious through the other, Eugenius over tho Basle fathers, Palieolo- gus over the Turks. The more sailors and soldiers the Pope promised, the greater submission the Emperor engaged to ex tort from his bishops to the teaching of the Latin Church. When the Emperor had need of ships of war, the Pope would supply 20, and maintain them for him at his own expense, for six months. And in case the Emperor should need' help, by land, the Pope, by Christ, , would do his utmost to get. Christian nations to send au army to his assistance.' When union was imminent, the Emperor said; ' The time draws near ; we must he thinking of our departure.' The Pope replied, "I have seen to it already, and will see to it. I sent a captain all in good time to prepare ships, and should anything else be heeded for your return, I will give orders for it at once; meanwhile take this paper 'from me. and when you have read it let me have your reply.' This was the definition ; not indeed; in the precise shape in which it passed, but ships and money were to be forthcoming when it was signed. Such were the preliminaries to the joint decla ration of the two Churches on the Pro cession of the Holy Ghost, translated literally from the Acts of the Council. Shall 'I avow it, my Lord? my blood curdles as I transcribe them ; but the worst is not told. Eugenius, the only Pope who ever presided over a General Council in person, what does history say of liis general character — of the holy zeal exhibited by him while the Council for reuniting Christendom was sitting, or in 'Conciliating adhesion to it after it was over? One might have expected antece dently that his presence and example! would have influenced the Couucil, as noi other Council had ever been influenced! before, for good. ' Eugenius,' says 'liis. most partial biograper, ' was esteemed! constant in adhering to his engagements,! ' unless ; he happened to; have pi'oihised any- 1 'tliiiig whicli it were better to recall than' perform.' He was exchanging angry cen-; 'suites and excommunications with- .tliei 'Council of 'Basle, all the time that he: affected to be prqmoting union at Florence' ivitli all his might; ' Blondus; the -Pope's' Secretary, is ' lost in wonder at' the vast! sum's of moiiey expended' by1 liis master in; " cbnciliatuig ' tlie High 'dignitaries or indi gent prelates of1' threi;Greek;Empei'or ' with present's— Syrbpulbiis; 'one of the iiumbeiv less1 scrupulously calls' 1 tlieiri ' bribes— and iiv 'maintaining, at no. less: c6st;::liis- own rrny simultaneously"' ; - vi . : . : : There were false decretals, oil which the Romisli 'creed was' founded j '. yet, 1 1 adhered tt noWitlistandihg their bastard character.' Hero is a ' passage ; relating ' to them, and other favourite forgeries " With, such evidence before nie I am unable to resist the difference, ttfiat ttutlifolness is. hot one . 61! the. strongest, characteristics of ' Itlie teaching; offoveir the 'modfern' Chiirich of ' RoineJ jV for is not ' this'- a ' case palpably 'where "its highest living authorities are both indifferent to having possible un- , truths preached from.the piilpit; and some thing more than indifferent to 'having for geries after their detection as such, ad duced from the pulpit to authentibate facts ? Jealous enough tliey. may be that what they teach , should be believed' ;as true ; that it should be in strict accord ance witli actual: truth' is1 another point, , to Which, with the evidence before me, I must suppose them callous. This, again, strongly reminds me of a conversation T had with the excellent French priest who received me into the Roman' Catholic Church, some time subsequently to that event. I. had as an Anglican inquired very laboriously into the genuineness ' of ' the ' Santa Casa,' and haling visited Na zareth and Loretto since, and plunged into . the question anew at each place, came hack more thoroughly convinced than ever of' its utterly fictitious character, notwith standing the privileges bestowed on it by so many' Popes. On stating, my convic tions to him, his only reply was ( There; are many things in the Breviary which I do not believe myself.' Oh ! the stumb ling-blocks of a system in the construc tion of which forgeries have been, so largely used, in' which it is still thought1 possible for tho clergy to derive edifica tion from legends which they cannot believe, and the people instruction "from works of acknowledged imposture ! Let us hope that this will be one of the very first questions ventilated at the ensuing Council." In another number we will give some more of these extracts. What we have given, however, furnishes indubi table evidence of the utter depravity of the whole system of Rome, and of its very foundation. How Mr. FouLKEScan pos sibly stay in it we do not profess , to un-' derstand, nor have we any thing to do with that ; hut we have to do with the great controversy on the apostate side of which Dr. Manning has had hardihood enough to place himself Unhappy dupe of super stition ! How abandoned must men bo by God to be so blind as to maintain the forgeries, the abominations, the hypocri sies, of such a church ! How certain it is, that' the- clear-sightedness of ' men enlight<- ened from heaven- could never endure the murkiness of all moral questions under the teachings of Rome ! 