NEWS OF THE WEEK. Some alarm was caused in South Gundagai on Wednesday evening by a report that a child about 3 years of age, daughter of Mr. T. Davis, blacksmith, was lost. It appears that Mrs. Davis, who wished to attend the Wesleyan public meeting, left the little one asleep in a neighbour's house, and that some time after, having awoke, the child said she would go home. As she had done so before, she was allowed to leave the house; but Mrs. Davis, on returning, found her offspring missing. The mother's fears were at once aroused, and neighbours were about to undertake a search, when it was rendered unnecessary by the dis- covery that the missing child, having found her mother's door closed, had sensibly pro- ceeded to another neighbour's residence, where she had again fallen comfortably asleep. On Tuesday the 11th inst., about 5 a.m., Cooney's hill, in the neighbourhood of Jugiong, was visited by an unusually severe storm of rain and thunder. On the southern side of Cooney's hill a waterspout must have dis- charged itself, and in the course of an hour or so Cooney's Creek and another near it, which was previously dry, were overflowing their banks several feet. The water is described by a spectator as rushing down in great waves, 'and a few hours later the creek was again dry. This sudden innundatiou of water carried fences, logs, and everything before it. Amongst other damage done we may mention that Cconey's bridge was quickly choked up by timber and drift. The escape of water being thus retarded it forced its way beneath the bed of the creek, which in loose sand, and undermined the piles of the bridge, causing th same to fall in. At Cooney's culvert a large portion of the embanked earthwood approaches were destroyed. The traffic is not interrupted, but viators cannot at present cross by the bridge or culvert. The necessary steps have been taken for effecting repairs as quickly as possible. On Wednesday the teachers and scholars of the South Gundagai Wesleyan Sunday school held their annual pic- nic in the paddock adjoining the Australian Store, where they and the parents and friends who attended were hospitably entertained. In the evening a public meeting was held in the same place which, we believe, passed off successfully and pleasantly. We never doubted that the wind blew a hurricane at Wagga Wagga recently, or ques- tioned the right of the 'Advertiser' to follow its example in describing the storm. We only ventured to suggest that Mr. G. F. Bennett's experiences of the Gundagai storm were exag- gerated. The pleasantry contained in the assertion that it took two thermometers to register the summer heat in Gundagai is so cleverly concealed that we give up all attempts to discover it. We have heard that the Rev. P. P. Agnew, founder and missionary of the Free Church of England, who is now on a tour 'en route' for Victoria, will visit Gundagai in about ten days, for the purpose of preaching, lecturing, and performing other functions of his office. We have been upbraided for not giving our sporting friends the sayings and doings of the "horsey gents" with respect to our forthcom- ing races. Previous to this we have had no materials to work upon, aud even if we had we must plead our inability to report the result of our enquiries in the Turf slang generally in- dulged in by the majority of racing men. If our remarks, couched in our usual style, will be accepted we shall do our best to post our readers in turf matters, but never having studied those phrases peculiar to the race course we confess our inability to give them vent. We lay no pretensions to be 'horsey,' but the information we publish is furnished us as reliable. At present we have heard of twenty-two horses being in train for our meeting, which promises to be a most success- ful one. From Wagga Wagga we believe Jerry Sneak, Camel, Agnes, and Laurel may be expected; Tumut can send Deera, Pick- wick, Josephine, and Cooramilla; Gundagai has Whynot, Ada, Rearguard, Volunteer, Cora, George I, Little John, Medoc, Sparrow- hawk, Rapid, Vixen, and some others, whose names we have not been able to ascertain; whilst Comet, Miss Rubens, and Dan O'Con- nell, are also engaged for our meeting. None of the strangers have yet arrived in town, although three or four are expected to-day and others during the ensuing week. If the races go off as satisfactorily this year as they did last —and we see no reason why they should not— we may congratulate ourselves upon the estab- lishment of our Turf Club. The following deeds of grant are ready for delivery on application attested by a magis- trate and addressed to the Land Titles Office, Sydney, and on payment of assurance fee prescribed by law, if not already paid to a crown lands agent:—J. Pring, 7a. 3r. 2p. Jugiong; J. Lehane, 320 acres, County Argyle; J. M. Lett, 34¾ acres, Kiandra; J. Osmond, 3 lots, Tumbarumba; M. Bradley, 2 acres, same place; J. Goldspink 50 acres, 2 roods, same place; W. Edwards, 40 acres, County Wynyard. On Thursday morning a lad, aged 14, son of Mr. John Crain, who resides near Mr. W. Edwards' place, at South Gundagai, fell with his horse, whon within half a mile of his father's house, and sustained a fracture of the small bones of left arm. After lying for some time on the road in a semi-conscious state the lad's condition was discovered, and he was conveyed to Dr. Spencer's residence, who reduced the fracture. 'The Ghost's' second number contains a really very well executed cartoon, representing which Dogberry, Verges, and the. watch, bring Borachio and Conrade before Don Pedro, Borachio and Conrade are represented by Messrs. Macleay and Dalley, and Dogberry (McLerie) sets forth to Don Pedro (Earl Bolmore) "Marry, Sir, these men have committed false report; moreover they have spoken untruths; secon- darily, they are slanders," &c.; The decision our telegram announces Parliament to have arrived at, relative to the resolutions based upon the Conspiracy Investi- gation Committee's report, will, we trust, have the effect of stopping further party strife or discussion on this hateful subject. We still maintain that the assertions Mr. Parkes made at Kiama, as to the knowledge possessed by Government, prior to the arrival of Prince Alfred, that his life would be attempted; relative to his possession of affidavits proving the existence of an organised disloyal conspi- racy, when he delivered the speech; or con- cerning the foul murder of a faithless member of this mysterious, invisible, undiscovered Fenian and, are unsupported by facts and unworthy of credence. As regards these matters the investigations of the Committee have, we conceive, removed all doubt in the minds of reasonable people in this and the neighbouring colonies, and most men will be truly glad to forgot the mass of hoarded records of trivial rubbish, absurdity and knavery it has brought to light. If Mr. Parkes possesses further documents similar to those produced he should certainly be allowed to retain undisputed possession of them. Amongst the list of new insolvents we find Peter Thomson, of Jones's Creek, Gundagai, carpenter. Liabilities, £43 9s. 6d. Assets, £24 7s. Mr. Mackenzie official assignee. His Honor Judge Francis, Mr. Forbes, and Mr. G. Milner Stephen are expected to arrive in Gundagai to-morrow evening. The other legal gentlemen who will be present for the Court business on Monday are Mr. Robertson, of Tumut, and Mr. Perkins, and Mr. Creagh, of Gundagai. We would remind the public of Gundagai and the district, that the annual meeting of subscribers to the Hospital, which was post- poned on account of the late storm, will take place in the Court-house this (Saturday) after- noon. We have more than once pointed out how greatly the prosperity of our Gundagai miners would be enhanced by the establishment of a crushing machine in our locality, and have expressed our conviction that such an estab- lishment, properly conducted, would well remunerate the proprietor. The accounts of the promising aspects of many of the claims on the Kimo reefs that have been circulated have attracted some notice in other quarters, and we understand that Mr. Chambers, of Morse's Creek, Beechworth, who recently paid our locality a visit of inspection, met some of our miners at Crowe's Royal Hotel, on Satur- day night, to discuss the question of removing his crushing machine to this locality. No definite decision on this subject was, we believe, arrived at on this occasion; but the fact of this proposal being made ought surely to stimulate those in our immediate neighbour- hood who own machines, and have benefitted by the crushings they have executed for our reefers, to endeavour to secure their custom by complying with their wishes in this respect. We are assured that in the neighbourhood of the Kimo reef claims there are tons of stone at surface which, though not considered valuable enough to warrant the owners in incurring heavy expenses for cartage to Coolac or Adelong, would pay well if locally crushed. The usual monthly escort was despatched from Gundagai on Sunday week last, with the following parcels of gold:— ozs. dwts. grs.` From Bank N. S. W. Adelong 895 15 22 ,, Tumbarumba 35 17 0 931 12 22 And £897 in notes. We perceive that precautions are to be taken to prevent the introduction of small-pox by sea from Victoria, no ships that have touched at any port in the colony being permitted to land passengers or crew at Sydney harbour until the permission of the Health Officer has been duly obtained. The plague may, how- ever, come overland. The 'Government Gazette' notifies that Cargo has been proclaimed a gold-field. The 'Government Gazette' notifies that Messrs. B. Hurley, P. J. O'Donnell, and J. A. Dallas have been appointed trustees for the land at Cootamundra temporarily reserved for a race-course. An intimation appears in the 'Government Gazette' that W. Jamieson, of South Gunda- gai, is permitted to purchase 5 acres and 16 perches, portion of an unnecessary road, under the provisions of the 16th clause of the Crown Lands Alienation Act. In the Schedule of subordinate roads under the Department of Lands for 1868-9 we find for 12 miles of road from Tumut to Adelong £120 is allotted, and for 11 miles from Tumut to Brungle £77. Notice of the allowances for the remaining raods in this district—the Marked Tree Line between Gundagai and Tumut, and the road between Adelong and the Crossing-place—has, accidentally we presume, been omitted, as we know that specifications of the sums required, at the usual rates of allowance, were duly forwarded. The list of cases for the General Sessions and District Courts which we publish, shows that the district has apparently progressed somewhat in the criminal and litigious direc- tion since last Judge Francis visited it. It could, however, hardly be expected that having reached the minimum of one case of saddle- stealing, as regards General Sessions business, a slight increase should not follow—possibly to prevent the inhabitants of the district from becoming too proud of its moral condition. The larger quantity uf District Court business is, also, rather apparent than rail, many causes have been, continued from last sessions. Besides, it must be remembered that we have now two lawyers resident in Gundagai, and therefore litigation may be expected to be somewhat more lively than formerly. All things being considered, we hold that we have still a right to claim for the inhabitants of this and the adjoining districts the character of being a law-abiding, quiet, and peaceable generation. We desire to draw the attention of our local publicans to the sale of booths for the races, at 12 o'clock this day. An elderly woman, named Mrs. Nibbs, re- sident in North Gundagai, died very suddenly yesterday (Friday) morning. The intelligence that Prince Alfred has again revisited Australian shores will be re- ceived with universal gratification, and during his stay in this portion of the British empire we feel assured all classes in the several colonies will greet him with even a heartier welcome, though with less formality, ceremony, and pomp, than on his first appearance in this land. A most revolting and shameful case was re- cently heard at the Grenfull police- court, in which a girl named Ann Williams brought a charge of repeated criminal assaults against her step-father. The details are utterly unfit for publication; but the accused was committed for trial. The fossil remains of a diprotadon, an extinct Australian animal with a head three feet long, have been discovered on Mr Andrew Loder's station at Murrurundi. Mr. Loder in- tends to present the specimen to the Australian Museum. An intelligent Celestial, for many years resident in Talbot, informs the local paper that the cause of the present exodus of his countrymen is to be found in the fact that the Imperial Chinese Government has caused letters to be written to Australia and California, offering great inducement to skilled miners to Chinese gold-fields. As Mr. Jacobs, a shopkeeper in Geelong, cleared out his window on Saturday, he found a dozen penknives had been struck and faded by lightning, and that a card containing a steel bead purse was entirely charred. This must have occurred during the storm on Thursday night. A great fire broke out in Hay on the night of the 9th instant, by which the premises of Mr. J. H. Bates, linen draper, and Mr. Joseph Cohen, storekeeper, were destroyed. Mr. F. Calvert's fine building, adjoining Bates' premises, escaped with little injury. Owing to the meritorious conduct of Sub-Inspector Creaghe and scores of the townspeople, a quantity of Cohen's merchandise was saved. Mr. Bates was severely burned. Mr. Bates' property was not insured, but Mr. Cohen's was, to the extent of nearly £4000, in various offices. A monster nugget, christened the "Welcome Stranger," has been found, by two men at the Black Creek, on the Dunolly diggings, Victoria. It produced 2,286oz. 10dwt. 14gr. of smelted gold, besides about ten ounces given away to the friends of the lucky finders . as mementos of their good fortune. The London Chartered Bank has advanced between £9,000 and £10,000 on it. Last week the Formosa, a new iron built steamer, was wrecked on the Victorian coast, near Point Napean. The crew and a passen- ger named James Patterson, who has since died, were safely got on shore, and taken to the sanitary station at Point Napean. The Formosa cleared out of GIasgow on September 18th, with a cargo of bottled ale and cast- iron pipes. She was fully insured. A telegram from Grafton states that the skeleton of a man, with a double-barrelled gun by his side has been found by the blacks sup- posed to be Charles Waltz, of Ulmarra, who started with a man named Smith, fifteen months ago, and when about to be arrested, seized a gun and ran into the bush, and it is believed shot himself. Mining in Junee is looking up. The 'Wagga Wagga Express' says that at Wallett's reef, a good quantity of first-class quartz has been raised, and from the appearance of the stoner, and the general character of the reef, so highly is it thought of by the prospectors that a 'bona fide' offer of £5000 for the claim, made by a Ballarat reefing speculator, of some experience in quartz mining, was promptly refused. The tender of Mr. John Hammond, for improvements to Cootamundra Water Reserve has been accepted. 