Why i» lt that people hotray so much curiosi . «bout tho unfortunate lows of others? A breach promiso ouao ia a euro oord for a orowdcd. cou Everybody enjoya Buch a caso. It is fun to tho jul ETOO Judges hare beon koowa to Bmilo at t reflations mads whoa the tender correspondon between Obadiah and Frudonco has boon read amie tbs suppressed tittering of all.proeont. Old men ai young ladies road the roport s of sush cases with tl greatest attention; and all pretend that they nev could or would bo guilty 'of suoh weaknosB. "Why it that John and Jemima aro not oblo to sottlo thc tender difficulties without appealing to a jury ? I John is faithless, surely Jemima is fortunato to cscai his fickle conduct. Mow what would happen if Johi after all the bickering between tho partios, .wei suddenly to inform hie Honor of his willingness t nuke good his promise? In old times these mottoi vero differently dealt with. If a man transgresse tbs rules of honour, ho bad to meet the male relatip. who carno forward to avenga tho wrong. In thos days a woman's honour was fought over. In thos commercial times it is mado a pounds, shillings, am pence business, and tho laughiog- stook of an amusei court. I havo road many a " n'orrible tale," but of all ] have read or hoard for some time past, commend mo tc that wonderful ghost story copied from the Burran gong Argus, about tho terrible epoctro that troubled tiree virtuous post : and rail splitters not far from Young, and near to what appears to be appropriately named''Baffer'e B.ush'.''/ Tho object-for they call it an " object"-appearod to tho splittoiB on a moonlight sight; they Struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow ! On anothor bcooBion the " abject" removed tho whole of the roof from their hut. Again, tho " object" took tho form of a dog, but made no noise indulging in an nnipectre-like grin. Of course, there is an attorn pt mado to accouat for all this by rooting out a story, ; i about a quarrel, a murder, and all the rest of tho usual rigmarolo of a ghost story. I do not attempt to unravel the mystery of the ovil genius of Burrangong. The plaoe and tbs nomo suggest horrible rominis conoes of by-gone times,' Wo all romomber the visit of tho mili- tary to that disreputable place. Tho bull pup is net quietod. The grinning dog requires satisfaction, and haunts the Bpor, I cannot refrain frclm oxprossing my grief at the collapse of that wonderful arrangement which was to afford an opportunity for all returned oolonis ts to min- gle togotbor in London at Haxall'a Australi an Dinner Club. I do not quito see why it is »ocessary for colonists to mest togother in London, and I am at a loss to undorstand how it can bo considered desirable. Are we so happy a family that ive desire to meet each other in the great oi ty? Booauso I happen to eeo an Australian in London, why am I at onco to rush madly across Rogent-Btroet and embraoo, or why should I at onco coll a oab and dice at Haxall'a? The inaugural dinner was the first and the last. Tho kangaroo soup is hardly cold, and y ot wo aro told that tho "Dina or Club" died through want of support. So all tho pretty apeoohes went for nothing, and tho AUB tralians havo quietly subsided into tho hum and noise of life ia London. If I had power to issuo and cnforoa a celestial writ de Lunático Inqnirendo, the first inBtruotion to tho CoramÍBsien should be to take ovidenoe on tho subjeot whcthor tho moon is or is not inhabited, I think I can see tho scornful smile of tho reader at my deplorable ignorance, in not knowing that tho point in question was decidod long ago in the negative ; but, for all that, I am not oonvinced. Granted that the ancient nursery theory of tho old moons being cut up to make stars of is now genorally exploded, and that the notion of tho moon being made of green choose is now, if anybody (at all enter- tains it, confined to thoso ingenious rustios of Hamp shiro who were once caught raking for it ia ono of their native ponds, still I won't givo up the possibility thct it may be inhabitod. Ono of the most reflootivo of Eoropoaa writers, whilo disclaiming, and even denouncing the suporstitionB of old in connection with this planet, argnos that it could not, surely, hare been placed where it ia meroly for tho purposo of reflecting the light of tho mn, or having an aotion over tho ebb and flow of tho tides. " Oan this body," ho says, "which in many rospoots re- sembles our world, and appears caloulatod to perform the samo ends, and to which this earth itself serves as a moon, bo created merely to produoo tho ebbing and flowing of the sea, and some othor of tho advantages wo derive from it ? Can it bo supposed that the surface of a body soma hundreds of tliousanda of tquaro milos in oxtent should bo destitute of living creatures ?" Woll,:I will not follow the philoBephio writer any further, but merely take my stand upon the position that the absence of animal lifo is " not provsn," and, supposipg it to oxist up thore, all I can say is that the pooplo, or tho animals who nay not bo people, must have felt vory eald and uncomfortable at about, midnight of friday, July 23rd, or at tho commencement of tho ?mall hours of the 24th, according to our timo. - Per hapîjustnâB"tbis-solid'globo intorposod its impertinent proaonco between tho . sun and tho moon so mo jovial fellows in the latter planet weroroturningfrom a littlo convivial gathering, and lost thoir way home in tho darkness. Who knows ? The greatest noDBonso in tim world, or oat of it, has boen written about the planets, and by some of tho most solobrated writers too.' Bhakspere talks of Oupid, whon he wanted' to dis- charge tbs fiery' doit of love into tho tough bid heart of Good Queen Bess, ' njln¡;íotweonttu> coldmoori anä tho'earth, Poi tiwi purpose¡ot, preventing any nnduo warmth in tho attack I supposs; bot why COLD moop, Tprny,; yoaf' tfobody- koowa whether it is cadd or. hot* ïvo'n Lord".'Bb8so'a ,, great refleotiag;; .,', télescopé hasn't Bottled that point, ' and to dogmatise upon it is as bad as the famous linos commencing- ' ' ' Doubt thou Ul» stare oro fire, . A doubt wh(ph I must toko the liberty . of oantinuing to oatertaiu, notwithstanding, I once had an aboriginal aatÍTo'travelling .With me^ who had a theory of his own with regard to tho Mogollan Clouds-or rather, !; supposa, it was a' traditionary .theory of his ancostprs. Ho boliovod, and tried vory hard to persuade me, that those olouds consisted of'a wild blackfellow and two omua, whioh ho had boon chasing when he was sud- denly, translated abovo-why, or for what purpoBo roy informant seemed to havo but. foggy notions about Bat talking of tho nativo bluoks and their astronomical nations, depend upon it thero waa plenty of howling wherever, thors was a camp of . thom last night, for, they, appoar to havo as great a terror of an . oollpBo i aa ; some of tho old fogies who taught' -'i that it " wasa Divino ordinanco, for tho purposo of kooping in view tho terrors that would attend upon tho Last Day. Thoso worthies, howovor, wore not awarohow the observation of an «elipse could bo used os a oorrocUvo to havigiU tito, I am'quito conscious' that you. and Bomo of your roadera will, bo disposed tb nsoiibo all this moon- struck talk to tho lato humano regulations of the. Government with rospoat to tho roloaeo of barmleea lunatics, but'I scorn tho baso insinuation, whioh I caro so' tltUJ for aa.boldly to avow that I oan, discover a tiwry OTsn'in a jtozy toidby tj^iimfâ&t;àiipi i . y The. JRavon," who-(was himself ^upposod to be tf j toaji,(;paâ north/ north-west. ' Ho talla ju tbs wonder, /u^fltbrx[of!Han«'Pfáal-how hèmade a voyage; :td ^bo moon and what ho saw: there; and certainly all the effects of a chango ic gravitation from one planet to another aro'just what might bo oxpoçtod. At least, gentío loader, you aro not able to deny it. Thoa again somo people talk of the " ohasto moon," and "tho virgin moon," when at tho same time "the . horns of the moon" havo been proverbial from timo immemorial ; and here I becomo BO bomuddled that I must wind up what I fear you will pronounce to bo all moonshine. Talking about lunatics, while I see nothing to com- plain of, but muoh to commend, in tbo proposed roloaoo of somo who are only slightly touohod with tho bee in tho bonnet, I think tho intended arrangement vory incomplete. It bas long been, and is still tho opinion of Botno of the most eonsiblu men 1 know, in» duding, of courco, myself, that tbero are a great many more madmen outside the Lunatic Asylums thon within them ; and as thia belief is receiving daily confirmation from ourrent ovonte, the proposed roioase of tho moderately mad ought to bo accompanied by arrangomonts for the incarceration of tho moro deplorably demonted. If you answer that this would not bo in accordance with tho oxpreseod purpose ef ooonomiaing tho public service, I respond that tho troublesome lunatics to whom I allude as being at present at large, mostly belong to a olass of people tolerably well-to-do, and whose frionds could easily afford to pay their exponaos. As I havo no dosira to involvo you ar myself in an action for libol, I shall not trot out any promi- nent local- examples on this oeoasion, -but our Colonial Scorotary might maka himself acquainted with Borne specimens, if ho would only extend hie travels as far north aa the Kennedy distriot of Queens- land, which, by tho way, he seems not unlikely to do, according to tho rate at which ho is travolling-a rato whioh, I think, would make it as difficult for any friend to shako hands with him on tho road as it WBB for the gentle Fraus and Frauleins to exohango greetings with Mynheer Von Wodenblook, when he shot before thoir astonished gaze eu the Quay of Amsterdam. Tho worthy Premior is, indeod, "going tho pace," and, I suppose, by this time is " urging on his wild career" over tho plains ef Now England. Wno thundering comoB, on blackest stood, With slnokenod min, anil hoof of npood ? However, no matter for that, bat if tho Promior or any otborman of common sonto oould manipulate tho hoads ot the oleotora of the Kennedy district, ho would And most of them, I think, something moro than " a shingle short." By a majority of one (most brilliant triumph I.) they havo elected John Bright, tho President of the Board of Irado, os their member to represent them in tho: Assembly at Bris- bane-tho significance of this. proceeding ,being, I imagine, that tho Brisbane Assembly .is ''not squatto oratia enough for thom, and they want separation with. that Conservative squatter John Bright as their chief. Another instance of madness ' at large, is to be found in tho ease of a ¿lr. John Martineau, who has been publishing it Eng- land, " IiOtters from- .Australia, " in which ho vents an immense amount of his literary fierceness upon tho people and institutions of this unhappy country. After denouncing the members, of, tho Assembly, and the Council too, I conclude, as com- posed of "tho mounest and worst" in the community, he winda up. by advising, as the only remedy for the ovils of demooraoy, that the Governor should "soleot: his Ministers s from outside of Parliament t Tho Athenceuca gravoly adds: '? By what blandishment ho would induco tho existing demooraoy to submit to his plan for their roform ho does not say." It is highly gratifying to observo that tho New Zea- land war is likuly ta be ssttlad in aocordauco with the rulos of strict poetical justice. To Kooli, according io tho latoet advices, was in full march upon Ngaruawhia (gracious I What a name I; with tho full intention, no doubt, of eating King Tawhio if he does not consent to tho very modest proposal for the. surrender of " his crown and dignity " to tho hero of a hundred canni- bal feasts. A story ia told of tho father of Frodorick the Great, that hs had once a Prussian soldier in his guard who, whoa ho laid down his'arina nt tho flat' of Atropos, and underwent a post mortem examination, was found to bo possessed of two stomachs, but no heart. The story may bo hold to be almost historical, because it io preserved for this rea eon: It was published ia a flutoh paper, tho Nether land Current, and it is recorded as a proof of tho exten- sivo reading, aa well as tho condescension, of Frederick William, that ho wrote ta tho editor of tho papor, omfirining tho fact, but stating that tho soldier in question, who bolongod to the grenadier guards stationed at Potsdam, was not a Prussian bat a Dutchman. Wbother his Majesty was " chaffing " tho Dutch editor or not I cannot venture to say, and, although it would be a very convenient thing to have no heart, and equally inconvenient eomo timos to have two stomachs, I pass no opinion on tho Veracity of tho statement, moroly remarking that 1 don't exactly iee how a dock oould get on without works. But if the story is truo, then I think that Te Kooti must bo a de- scendant of the Dutoh soldier, for his horrible appetite has boon equal to his remorselessness, and he has boen fattoning his tatooed oaroase for a long time, -Uko the Hooke of that pleasant King of Gados with whom Hercules settled aocounts. However, it would ! seem that Te Kooti is growing scrupulous ovor his dipt, and wants his table to bo suppliod in futuro with New Zealanders who havo themselves boon woU fed in, their day, and thus, in moro eonses than ono> are persons of rank. Tho '< supply of chiefs, therofore, giving out, Te Kooti marches up the Waikato, eeoking moro Rangatiras to eat, as Alex- ander dosirod more worlds to oonquor;' for it must bo supposed that Tawhio will not consent to give up bia crown, oven if it should happen, for tho nonce, to oon 'slstonly of an old cabbsgo-tros hat, and To Kooti will .most likely in that caso insist upon baking him. In tho meantimo, it is woll to see tho two at loggerheads, and if tho colonists could only get a little timely assistance to "improvo tho oooasion," the North Island of Now Zealand might yet bo saved to civilisa ''tion. * ' 