THE WAR IN PARAGUAY. The South American States had not only o fight long and hard for their liberty, but or some reason of their own they have ept up the fighting ever since they obtained t. It is forty years since some of them extorted a recognition of their independence rom Europe—since they exchanged the monkish rule of the Bourbons for the liberty, equality, and fraternity of the Quarfier Latin. But they have not thriven upon the exchange; not even Brazil, with her enormous territory and her apparently absolute Government. Mexico has been the football of adventurers and dictators; a perpetual quautio vexaia to diplomatists. Paraguay has alternately horrified the world by the atrocities of one President, and excited its admiration by the genius of another. Semicivilized as it is according to the European standard, it has exhibited capabilities which would not be easily parallelled among the most advanced of European nations. The Paraguayans, whether viewed as patriots defending themselves to the death against superior force, or as -a small ambitious community, wishing to aggrandize itself at its neighbour's expense, stand out far above the ordinary South American in energy and endurance. The so-called Paraguayan war belongs to a different erder of events from the intermittent squabbles and scrimmages which constitute South American history from Patagonia to the Mexican Gulf. It has not been an affair of months, bat of years; and though last triai'l, as usual, reports its final close, years more may elapse before it reaches a permanent issue. That—when it comes—will be am event of no mean importance. To such mortal combatants the future affords but two alternatives — Paraguay extinguished, or Brazil crippled and humiliated. To the world in general tnuch depends also on the sequel—the navigation of the Rio de la Plata, the opening up of the finest jiart of South America, the fate of a brave indomitable people, the success of a comparatively enlightened though rude and unscrupulotui Government. Solans Lopez belongs to the class of men who found empires and create nations. Nature has herself anointed h« •with the royal ointment His fellow-coun- rymen recognise a king in him though he has no crown. His soldiers know him to be such a General as life and goods and everything may be entrusted to. If he succeeds life and property will be so much the better for it. If he fails, they will have been lost in a worthy cause. This is confessedly the Paraguayan view of Lopez. A very different picture of him is presented in the camera obscura of the Brazilian Press, and also a different version of the war and its causes. Both sides have their foreign partisans. Lopez is the pet of New York as Juarez was before him. On the other hand, Brazilian news loses nothing through being filtered through Buenos Ayres and Lisbon. The war itself is of too long standing now for either party to remember much of the casta belli. A glance at the topography of the question will show that it was no artificial or petty subject of quarrel. The arrangement of the common frontier rendered war inevitable. The La Plata is as clearly intended by Nature to be quarrelled about as the Rhine and the Danube are; and it affords immeasurably greater facilities for fighting. When the colonial organization of South America fell to pieces the fragments bordering on the La Plata shook themselves together into a very awkward position. On the right bank there were two large pieces- Bolivia and the Argentine Republic; on the left bank one very large piece— Brazil—and two small ones—Uruguay and Paraguay. The conformation of the group so much resembled in general features that of the Rhine country that a comparison of the two may be the best means of description. A voyager up the Rhine might |set down Belgium as a pretty correct representation of Uruguay. On the east side he would have to include Holland in North Germany, and call the latter the Argentine Republic. South Germany, after all it has suffered at the hands- of Count Bismarck, might still feel insulted at the idea of a comparison with Bolivia; but for the nonce they must be deemed equivalents. On the west side again there is France, in more respects than one a good type of Brazil —more civilized and better governed, but still a member o£ the same democraticodespotic family. We have yet to find a parallel for Paraguay, and that can only be done by violating somewhat the existing frontier of France. Assume that a strip of country commencing on the south side of the Moselle, and extending to Switzerland— an enlargement of the ancient Alsace, in fact, were independent, and it would correspond admirably in contour and political relations with this little Spartan Paraguay. Then imagine Charles the Bold of Burgundy back upon his throne, but with his title altered to President, and you will have a Solans Lopez. The ghost of Louis the Eleventh, however, would not feel grateful to the historian who discovered any of his features—moral or physical—in the Emperor of BraziL The analogy might be continued into a general explanation of the war. For instance, had France and North Germany combined to crush the imaginary Alsace above described—to make another Polish partition of it—they would have been reproducing the grand design for which Brazil and the Argentine Confederation allied themselves three years ago. It is not necessaiy to pretend that Paraguay was wholly blameless in the matter. Like small States generally, she may have been turbulent and bumptious. Com m^Ti^ing as she did the navigation of the Paraguay, a principal branch of the Rio de la Plata, she possessed the key of a country as large as Europe. Her power of mischief was far in excess of her ostensible means and status. Nor were her advantages wholly external. Her people were of superior race to either the Argentines or Brazilians. They may not have possessed much more civilization, but they had greater intelligence, higher courage, and liberty; notwithstanding that their rulers might be arbitrary and capricious if they would. The Brazilians were Russian serf3, but the Paraguayans emulated the Circassian heroes of SchamyL Through sheer brute force and money power the allies have gained an entrance into the dominions of Lopez. The fall of the fortress of Humaita announced a few months ago, was considered the crossing of the threshold. For the thousand and first time the allies boasted that Lopez had received his death blow, and that the war 1 was at an end. But they cannot with all their deception conceal the suspicious facts that the Paraguayan army withdrew from Humaita in good order, and that before the allies could follow them they had established another Humaita further up the river. Lopez recovered from his disaster like Antaeus starting up refreshed from motherearth. On the plains of Augustura he again held at bay an army of forty thousand men with a force barely a third as large. The Brazilian fleet of ironclads, which was to sweep his transports off the Paraguay, and destroy his best line of communication, could only work its way up by bombarding fortress after fortress, which emerged at every bend in the river as if by magic. Their splendid artillery has made greater holes in the Brazilian Treasury than in the bastions of Solans Lopez. And this audacious brigand, as he is called at Rio de Janeiro, dares to return the fire of Armstrongs and Whitworths with clumsy 68-pounders of his own casting! At his foundries at Ibicury he has even produced 120-pounders and one 150-pounder, which latter is not a fancy piece of ordnance like King Theodore's, for it has driven solid shot before now into Brazilian ironclads. So far from being true that the fall of Humcula had closed the war, it may have only given the invaders a closer and more formidable view of the resources of Paraguay. VICEREGAL VISIT TO THE SOOTH- EAST.—The Mount Oambier Standard devotes a leader to the subject of a visit from His Excellency, and closes by urging that because of the isolation of the inhabitants and the distance from the capital, and for sundry other reasons. Sir James should hol-i a levee at the Mount and Lady Edith a drawingroom! 