Bunbury Races. (From our own Correspondent.) Bunbury folks never do things by halves. They go the whole hog or none. The Southern Derby has been run in tip-top style and to the general satisfaction of our sporting commu- nity. Thursday, Feb. 25th, will long be remem- bered ; from early dawn to past midnight all was excitement, for the order of the day com- prised other attractions besides the races. Up to 10 a.m. the town kept filling with people. Cavaliers and their amazons galloping about, gay equipages dashing along, impromptu " turn outs" li^ged up for the occasion, pedes- trians in groups discussing the great event all gave animation to the scene. Shortly after 10 o'clock the trainers with their racers and jockeys left their stables, and this was the signal for a general move towards the race-course about two miles out of town. Light- ing a cigar, I stride the pigskin and join the cavalcade. Arrived on the Course, all is bustle and confusion. The Wellington and the Rose Hotels have each a booth, around which are crowds of people imbibing " Bass's Pale Ale, shandy gaff, and other drinks, for it is intensely hot, while at other stalls, tea, coffee, and ginger beer, and more substantial food is being dis- pensed. Here and there, dotted about the green, are numerous little parties pic-nicing under the shade of the trees. We do not recognise For tnum and Mason's Hampers, nor do we see much iced champagne as at Epsom, but various little boxes display their contents and assure us that the inner man is as much thought of here as on Epsom Downs. Conspicuous among the large assemblage are the mounted police, riding about and quelling the least tendency to an over-exhihration of spirits consequent on imbibing too much Bur- ton, Bass, or Puggins. At the weighing stand the Stewards are put- ting, one after the other, the jockeys on the scales ; presently a bell is heard ringing, the Course is cleared, and the racers, fine noble looking creatures, prepare for the first start which is for the Maiden Plate for £25 ; sweep- stakes £2 ; entrance £1 5s. ; one mile and a dis- tance ; heats. The following are the entries and the result : Mr. C. Roberts' « Southern Lily ... 0 1 1 Mr. Lovegrov'e's 'Planet'(Dillon)... 13 2 Mr. Guerriers * Betty' (Baskerville) 3 0 0 Mr. Burkitt'* . Lady Star' (Burkitt) 2 2 0 Mr. W. B. Mitchell's * St.Patrick' (Moriarty) Mr. W. Bryan's ' Minnie' (Knapton) Mr. P. Collins' ' Gaylad' (Carter) Time-1st heat, 2m. 16s. ; 2nd heat, 2m. 19s. ; 3rd heat, 2m. 26s. This was a well-contested race, in which Dr. Lovegrove's * Planet,' made * Lady Star' and ' Southern Lily' work hard to win. Entries for the Selling Stakes for £15; sweepstakes £1. Entrance 15s. The winner to be sold for £15 ; surplus to go to the Fund ; 11/2miles ; heats. Eight horses ran for this race, which was easily won in two heats by Mr. F. B. Gueriu's ' Sunbeam.' The horse was not sold. The fol- lowing is the-result :- Mr. F. B. Guerins ' Sunbeam' (Knapton) 1 1 Mr. Guerrier's ' Reindeer,' (Baskerville) 2 0 Mr. W. House's * Scrambler' (House) 0 2 Time-1st heat, 3m. 95s.; 2nd heat, 3m. 12s. Entries for the Wellington Cup tor £30; sweepstakes £2 ; entrance £110s. ; two miles ; one event. There were seven entries for this race, a well contested one, which resulted in another tri- umph tor Mr. F. Guerin, whose 'Rarey ' came in first ; Mr, A. HeppingstoneV' Rupee' second, and Mr. Guerrier's 'Betty' making a good third. Time-4m. 18sec. There were five entries for the Consolation Stakes of £10 ; sweepstakes of £1 ; entrance 10s. ; li miles ; one event. Dr. Lovegrove's . Planet' first, and A. Heppingstone's ' Rupeo' a good second. The Hack Race for £5, with an entrance of 5s. ; 1J miles ; one eveut. It was an excellent race, terminating in favor oí Mr. Mount's .Greyling'; Mr: Naylors ' Potty'second, and Mr. W. B. Mitchell's * Smoker' third. Time 3m. 3sec. The Pony Race of £5 ; entrance 6s. ; once round and a distance ; was well won by Mr. W. Rose's 'Jacko,' Mr. P. Collin's 'Defender' second, and Mr. Rossillotty's 'Mirasa' third; Time-2min. 51^ «ec. This, so far, enden the day's sport. The Stewards retired from the Coarse, the people bogan to disperse, the impromptu grog-shops were closed, and the town was soon again filled with visitors more or less tired of their day's pleasure. The highest credit is due to Mr. W. B. Mitchell, the Treasurer and Secretary, for the business-like and correct manner in which everything has been carried out under his able superintendence. Nearly the whole of the sub- scriptions have been collected ; the winners have received their stakes and gone home rejoicing, and the sporting world has time now to talk of the next event. On race-night there was an entertainment given at the Mechanics' Hall in aid of the build- ing fund. The Rev. J. Withers, Chairman of the Institute, presided, and opened the proceed- ings by stating that Signor Abecco and Messrs. Keen, Stout, Banting, and Floyd, after expend- ing considerable time in rehearsing had volun- teered their services and would appear in quite a new character, namely as Christy Minstrels. The Hall was crowded to excess, so much so that, by desire, the same entertainment was re- peated on the following evening. The Min- strels, with black faces, &c;, and in full evening dress, opened their Concert with a selection of choice nigger songs and chorusses, ballads, &c;, all of which were vociferously applauded, while the conundrums created roars of laughter. The second part of the entertainment opened with a stump speech, with local hits, by Mr. Stout, which created roars of laughter and was on the second evening encored, after which followed an olio of oddities too numerous to particularise, and winding up with a laughable farce entitled the Burlesque Ball, which rather astonished the people. P. T. Barnum, the great showman (Signor Abecco) finds himself about to make a fortune by giving a Ball, but lacks an honest door-keeper, whom he, however, finds in Jeames Bluffem (Mr. Bantins) who is not allowed to let any one pass in without a ticket, five shil- lings, or the equivalents. A gentleman who states he is a member of the Press, claims ad- mission, but is not allowed to press in without a ticket, which he produces, and is allowed to go in. Then follows Hamlet's father's ghost (Mr. Stout) who repeats the soliloquy and glides in after frightening Mr Doorkeeper out of his wits. He is followed by Mose (Signor Abecco) a fireman who gains admission after a pugilistic encounter with door-keeper; after which Dr. Mounting (Mr. Keen, an electro biologist, also gets five admission by mesmerising his subject amid roars of laughter. Lady Macbeth (Mr. Fioyd) a somnambulist, with candle in hand, passes through, uttering the mystic words - to bed, to bed, &c;, &c.; The whole winds up with a plantation step and Dixie's Land by the whole company, and the National Anthem. The en- tertainment on each evening was not over until near 12 o'clock, but everybody appeared highly delighted. To the Rev. Mr. Withers, and Mr. Kean, thanks are due for the trouble they took in at- tending to the externals, while to Signor Abecco one and all are thankful for the patience with which he so successfully carried out the pro- gramme. The Committee pocket a nice little sum by the transaction. Bunbury, 1st March, 1869. 