THE' ZOQl^GiOAli jp^ffiDENS J^ Lions, .at play, free^ aa in iheir; «wn jungles at : home ; tigeTs' '«rouiMng, springing, ^mbolling WiSi as' iflfle ; ie-; straiht as; op!\ 'tfee '^ioft jiilains' p| Tnai5.Yfe' interested in- zoology. We are all.tiradof: the dismal menagerie cages. 59ie cramped ; -walk, the weary 3«&tless; mbVeir^nt'of iihe heady'like ;a silent jnoa^ the iJor^lookj the artificial habifa^-arer as repueriant to {he student of animal life as to the grand \- carnivora themselves. 33ie visitor td the Eegent'e Park Oaadens has toot been edfii7 *ated T»y :the Society , for : nothing. jEIe becomes exigent apace, and the long tow of boxes,' -with bajred fronts, before which the fashionables wait for the hyena's horrid laugh, -3r watch the lion' consume his niodicum ,of ^xaw meaty ! have been long condemned by 7 fiight-seers, bothl= old and young. . The hippopotamus can poll ml th^ water 6r iom the land .at 'its ease ; the elephant and flie camel enjoy air and exercise habitoally^r while -'the - birds, the serpents, the fish, :akid the ininor quadrupeds are 1 aM ^tepedrfor'1with respectful consideratibn for^Sfelr natural habits, arid wants.; Jt is only the monarphs, and aristocracy of the animal world— ihe lions, the leopards, the tigers, the pumas, the jaguars, and ':%he'irfbroiKer- pfeers-^; trho are as much cribbed^ ^cabined, and confined at the Zoological; Gardens asif^ they were the chattels of some travelling showman, compelled to keep his-property in a portable form. ' There have:been7iof' course, difficulties in the ^ way of Uberai^ng these interesting creatures. Once free of their cages, and with sufficient exercise space to bound arid -play, differences might arise between/them, fights ensue, and deaths occur in due course. The cleaning out of their lairs, 'and on occasion^ removing -the ,dead ot ailing, the separating the i Quarrelsome, the pro Tiding for the safety of visitors, and per forming generally the sanitary and pre cautionary functions pertaining to the mid beast keeper, have aJl to be con sidered ? but it is satisfactory to know that the Zoological Society ejcpects 'to shortly overcome every obsteck), and that we may hope to see. lions and tiers in, the enjoyment of comparatiFe Tifertyrat no distant day. This will be the greatest novelty introduced by the Society, and will be a legitimate following --ut of the system of management under which it has flourished so welL That fresh air is (- more important than heat even to tropical \ wnniafa is a truth which gains ground every year ; and . the ; visitor on. the coldest -winter's -day will be amazed to find how little coddling is prac lised, and how thoroughly and speedily &b; denizens of the gardens become accli matised. r Thejone thJng they can't stand, ;5s duU jffamp ^eatherj,. ZJ 3?hfa iifid&^ken ? -spints as much as the ^Eyely '? foreigner In-' ? sists it does the temper and views -of the human animal. A November fog makes 0ve'ry monkey in the gardens seem to be meditating suicide, besides affecting him ^bronchially to a really .painful extent. But a brisk sharp frost has no terrors for the majority of the beasts'. The birds feel it bidly, for) however cold it ritoy be, '' nature does J riot supply them with, a single extra feather; and. in some cases by their toes dropping off, in ^others— -as the storks — by their slender brittle legs v;beV5bming frost-bitten, they betray the* danger t)f exposing them to too low a temperature. These have, therefore, to be kept in judiciously heated and closed chambers, where the air be comes necessarily ' rless ?' pirrer '?''-' ;But: .wi&\''.scarely an exception .the; larii anals rare able to, accommodate them selves to circumstances,- -and in a short liame -put on a thicker, and warmer ? coat: ? The skan of a lion: Jor ^Lger which has been in thistcpuntry for some .years before its. death- is '^pf a : wholly different character; from &at; of the same beast, when' killed - in its native state.: The - -latter 'is* iihin, fine, and silky, the fornier^stdut i'and coarse:? TJte xme istb ^fe^tn^r'wta^ja ipea-jacke]b! ^s. :to a dress-coat,' and ^hus furnishes ;oue put of many- iliustiatiojis of the; ready adaptability of nature to cir cumstances. Accordingly, it is ; found better to allow the animals to become graduatly acclimatised than to keep them delicate, by „ over-care and /.the artificial atmosphere of a forcing-hSuse. In some departments a single 'fire is sufficient for ' firing a large ^chamber, iri jO.tiiers one ; line ;of ? hbtf^water pipes, .p^aijed. at: some i distance , from 'the beasts just takes the extremity -,of ?: cbiliness from the :air. Thursday, for -example,: was a sharp day. A. great coatjwas ajneeessity, : aridja.fire^a: comfort to every .'brie able to .procure them ; ; yet both the hippopotami . were , taking their exercise in the open air, the ?African? elephant, arid the two-horned rhinoceros werelfrisking ^in houses which were scarcely heated at aU,- and kangaroos from : the most sultry parts of Australia ?. were kicking each ; other °. playfully with their hind Jegs, ; and otherwise ^disporting themselves out of _doors, just as if it were suminer.^ :The maleiippopotanius was, it , should never be forgotten^ a fashionable attraction long before Sufiday promenad ing .aii-ithe-: Gardens was a f recognised jnethod of ' killing -4jme. ' He' Was the , most Illustrious Jof the^ strangers who visited^our' shores driiing the year of his:; am^nere'i- and xeceived all *athe honors jwe accord to. distinguished foreigners. Sengs were wji^en: pn'jiim, arid^the late. 'Mx. J; W^harpi pf cbaisely comic meniory, ' kept' r3E van's in a roarfby.his vocal 'Ae-\ scriptibn of the 'hippopotamus's ways. ?; ..'When-ra much .bepraised- illustrious per-; ; sonage died, Mr. Gharles Dickens choose ' ike amphibious monster 'as a text for a jnbr^:'an4 satiric: essay, and ' The Good .ffippopotamus' was the title of oneofthe ^mbst brilliant apologues- in 'Household ^ords.' But perhaps the /strongest t?is ,timony of all was She; (difference he ;maae ^iri; the number; of /visitpics to the Gardens, ; which rose from 138,895 in 1849 . to 060,402 in 1850,-iriwhich^ear jje arrived^ ?;? On Friday, his admirer^ ^ wiU be /pleaBed , to know,1 He1 appeared an, ijapitaf ? heal^t; and spirits; .. The. wound, inflicted jon his knee ,by la bite from his female companion Q y eaivor. two ago' has assumed' the cha- ; iracter sof ^. warty, exfcresence,/ which!, ihbugh unsightly, $a quitfe harmless,' and ;His ^n^^d^ess./appKefc himself . to :hls food JiL.J6.ur. / presence/ with sa 1 philosophic :? relish: which Tvasi evidently sincere. ??'? -lie : two-horned Thindceros is a inerebaby, -about the size 6f a . small cow, arid. With his ribs showing through his_dusky leathery iide. This evidence, of .thinness is not due to ill-health or under-feeding or low spirits, but -too his excessively'' rapid growth;^ He is the first specimen of the two-horned , or .African rhinoceros . ever ^brought'., to', this country, and already ^sho^ra ;Signs of presuming 'ten hig popu larity. To ?chase his attendant, and occa sionally give shbrt rras' as if anifous'tP butt with .Ms horns or squeeze him against the wall, are among hip favorite sports; while a common barrel, put into his stall as -,-a, plaything, inispires him with the most lacute-and- lively jpy. : He Tolls. it to and fro, ^je' bangs it up and down,' ne. stamps on it with his feet, makes holes : in it with his horns, and idnally crushes and pulverises it as if it were an egg-- shell; under , a drayman's boot. So -juickly does; heidestrpy ^ biB fayorite toy that the authorities nave serious thoughts of hav ing a specially strong barrel constructed, so that the infant stranger may' amuse himsen* at greater length tiiari is;pbs rsibiei 'with the stoutest of., those set be fore him now. The African elephant,: who \ snorts moisture amicably through his trunk while his peculiarities are being whispered/ as if in^eraion at the people whb ;try -to rcimiinscribe. 'Ms [ gambols, is amiabiiltyite^f as long as he is allowed out ;; bnt;he .hates .confinement as much «sjaj frisky domestic, and has conse quently played sad havoc with the teiripp-) Icary building he Is in. ** We. are hurry-, ing : t3ie workmen as much as possible, ' remarks our guide,,' that we : may have our new elephant .house finished before he rtears tins place down altogether. I)irectly he ^gete out,r though, he's- all right ; ' but when confined his indignation prompts him to destroy. j arid,; as you see here, and here (pointing to recent breaches in the stone and wood), he'll have the whole place about his ears if we don't move him soon.' The new elephant house is an imposing structure on the north or canal side;;of the Gardens, and is probably the inost complete thing of the kind ever attempted in- any country. It contains eight large divisions for elephants and rhinoceri, each of yrhich is luxuriously fitted. The in dications given by thetwo-norned rhino ceros of the possibilities of his disposition , ?are carefully provided for here, for two of the corners of each stall are fitted with, stout iron screens, behind which the! ieeper can retire with safety if suddenly turned T-ri by .the animal he is attending. Behind these screens, again, are iron steps fastened in the wall and running up its side to a gallery above, which is open, and runs round on each side until it com municates with the chambers of the atten dants in front. These will sleep almost within sight of their charges, and at any sound can, almost without leaving their rapmsj, loopk. ; down,, upon., a turbulent. eUBphant/^or ''^rhinoceros, T and r,ascer-' tain' whether any- farther 'personal'r sejrvices is. required. We have spoken of the :i division of this new elephant house as stalls, but they are in reality spacious, lofiy apartments, communicat ing with each other by a massive iron door, which is Worked by machinery, and can be raised or lowered at pleasure. Each of them opens out into an exercise ground, and all are thoroughly ventilated.' Sanitary science has been as ^much -con- sulted as if the place were a palace or a hospital. The present elephant house, in which the Indian elephants were being fed with biscuits and buns by children, in1 the old fashion,, seems a sadly dingy den after the palatial magnificence of the new .erection, ? which the visitor, leaves with the conviction that he hasiseeri the 3n|ost thoughtfully-devised and carefully constructed animal- house which has yet b^en known. . ; ?? . I People who suffer much from cold may ;be -reminded that ; their peculiarity is shared by the lowest organizations^in the animal world. /.Serpents must have heat, so must crocodiles, alligators, and snakes. ?The- Teptile house is kept at a mean tem p4rature pf - 70 degrees, for there is no teaching :- the. boa coristrictor to harden himself, j He. lies cpied beneath, two or three blankeis, and darts out his tongue angrily when our companion removes his covering to show him off. Another ser pent sheds hisjskiri during our stay,', a ceremony, which should ..be-: performed ?evjery two months or so if the creatures ?arie in- good health, and we hear Low highly these jjpats are valued by some People as ;charins,;and tiiat the late Mr. ,li^,teriton— rOf alligator-riding '.celebrity — was a, frequent applicant for the skins of the most poisonous serpents, keeping his -use for them a secret, but ever anxious to prjocure them. ^The monkeys suffer, as we ihaye said, from coldTmd'damp,with almost human sensitiveness-; '*? and' the beaver -finds warm weather so disagreeable that he would give ^ip the! ghost if. he were not permitted to burrow below the water, and so attain a lower temperature than is attainable in the Jipper air. ' But the sum total of zoological experience aseems. to be th^t 'bradirig arid /hardening7 is the true mbde of dealing with/ delicate orgarii zations. [ There is wonderfully .little arti fijcial: heat: enjoyed bj the animals ; and the line of cagesj --of which the lions' and tigers' dens 'are [prominent examples, are only .partially, warmed by. hot water tu^es running round the : interior of thejir roofs. _^The- opening of the new elephant' louse -and' -tne-^sight of the coiMorts it provides^ will make the visit ing^ public more/eager than .ever for their f avjorite Mng pf beasts, to. have .fair play, arid : thousand : upon, thousands will be .gratified' to learn that ar inethod of dis playinglitoiis /arid tigers in what may_ be called by comparison a state .of nature -is seriously cdritempiated at last. In this, as in other- instances, of the thoughtful -care and intelligent management of the Zoological Society, it is but fair to remem ber how deeply the public are indebted to the' scientific attainments of Dr. P. L. Sclater, F.R.S., its Secretary, and the practical knowledge of Mr. A. D. Bartiett, its Resident Superintendent; for the im provements in progress, and the increased facilities to be looked for. —-Daily JVeiiosi :..-' I ?. : ,?;.- ? - '.: -??? : ?-;' :f?r : : ? . Bkhind.thb Sciaras^The recent increase in the ; nutnber of nietrobolitaii' theatres ' has . in- : dnced 13ie Daily Weips to publish an interesting article on !the management of these institutions.' The. proprietor of a theatre gets a good per centage on the outlay of his capital . so long as the bent is paid. Th^s, together -with taxes and -insurance, generally 'amounts to about £70 a week,1 so 'that it is necessary that the lessee should be a thoroughly responsible person if the ! lessor is no'it to lose his money. This amount' is. a tolerably large item to' begin_with, buc it is only one' of many. Newspaper ad ver- tisioig costs ^40 weekly, and bill-posting another considerable sum. Several months ago theatre managers met together in order to concert some .means -of diminishing this expenditure; but they! were unable to agree, and so the walls of London are more than overcovered with, pictot ial representations of the most sensational scenes' which are being - put upon the various stages from time to time? ' The wardrobe costs many hundred pounds, ' - although actresses are obliged to find their own' bonnets, Wots, and gloves, and -actors in plays of modern life find theiE own dressesi . Scsnery costs £500 a year, independently of the staff required for superin tending and shifting it. ' As the scenes have to be' shifted with the rapidity of . lightning, the number of scene-shifters is legion, and they have, to be well drilled by ! the master carpenter. It is' ' very seldom that the scenery of- oae piece will do for another ; but there is a certain quantity of forest, inte riors,1 and -gardens' kept on stock, for farces. 'The gas -bill amotmts to £30 a week. Few dramas are without moonlight effects; these are produced by the !ime-Ujgh.t, and the inoon in a! Christmas pautomime' costs £20 a weekJ The orchestra is paid '£30 ai week. The1 salaries of stock actors varies from £12 to £2, and 'stars' of ten get as much as £60. .The 'first are great sticklers of etiquette. No one, however,* will :eyer play a part of a hair's breadth out of his\own particular line. If a first walking gentleman were asked to play : a third '? walking gentleman's ' part, he would be as indignant as an Attorney General we're ' he caDed upon to defend a pickpocket in a 'police court.' Managers are often blamed because minor parts in a uiece iarfe hadly played ; they cannot, howeyerj help themselves, because good actors will not., play them. Actresses stand even more on their dignity than actors ; their ; mutual jealousies exceed even ' those of fine ladies. Audiences must often /have remarked that in burlesques songs i and dances are introduced in defiance of the requirements of the situation; The reason ia tiiat Miss A. refuses to play unless, like Miss B,,she be given a song, or, like Miss C, a dance; The 'stars' like to. play in a piece in which all the interest is concentrated on themselves, and in which there is no ex pensive scenery, so that they may the more readily get, engagements in the provinces. . These two requirements are just what 'the public, do not like; they dis approve of meagre scenery and of ' one-actor' pieces^ Ballet girls get 25s. a week, andure hy no; means of:the ''fast1' type usually sup posed. A play is paid for either, by a per centage oil the profits, or so much a night, or the play is bought. , Three' or five Act plays, when not paid for by a percentage on profits, usually cost from; J^OO, to £300, or from £3 to '£5 every night they' are acted. The price of a , good burlesque varies, from £50 to £120. Farces are seldom worth jnore than £10; Their success usually depends more upon the actors than the authors. These particulars suffice to show that a theatre is a very speculative affair so far as the lessee is concerned. The increase in the number of theatres makes the chance of profit more doubt ful than ever. la order to meet this excessive competition the east end . theatres have hit upon the device of lowering the price of ad mission, and having -two performances in the same evening. The Pall Mail irazette states that at some theatres the admission to the pit is only 4d., and at one the admission to the j gallery is only Id. ' 