The Courier. PUBLISHED DAILY. WEDNESDAY, MAY 19, 1869. THE Government have not been too soon in bringing forward their new Immi- gration Bill — in spite of the assertions to the contrary which were made by some gentlemen who thought tho Pastoral Relief Bill ought to have precedence. If it is admitted — as we suppose it will be — that the interests of the colony at large are of greater importance than the interests of any one class of the colonists, however large or influential that class may be, then the Immigration Bill does properly de- mand consideration before the Pastoral Relief Bill, even on that ground alone. But there are other and stronger reasons why this should be the case at the present moment. The English papers just to hand confirm the opinion which has been form- ing for some time among those who have paid attention to the state of the mother country, that a revival of the feeling in favor of emigration, which was so strong during 1862—3 and 4 is about to take place, and it will depend very much upon the nature of the arrangements which are promptly made to meet this, as to which direction the new stream of immi- gration will take, and which part of the world will secure the most valuable portion of it. The Home papers teem with re- ports of meetings, paragraphs and leading articles on the subject, and, with singular unanimity, they all point to Aus- tralia as the most natural and advan- tageous outlet for the surplus popu- lation of the old country, and the balance of recommendations is in favor of Queensland in preference to every other colony of the Australian group. This, so far, is a great step gained ; but, at the same time, it necessitates vigorous and careful management on the part of our Government, if we are to reap tho full ad- vantage which the position ought to give us. It must never be lost sight of that the main object of most of the people of Eng- land who just now are so active in promoting emigration, is to get rid by some means or other of the least desirable portion of the surplus population. The criminals, the pau- pers, and that numerous class which are con- stantly on the verge of pauperism ; men with large families which they have neither energy notability to support, except when labor is plentiful ; "ne'er-do- weels," who fail in everything they undertake ; and the improvident class, generally, are the people they most desire to get rid of by some means or other, and they are not very scrupulous as to what the means are, providing they are effective. But the in- dustrious, sober, energetic, and enter- prising-men who can and do manage to support themselves, their wives, and fami- lies during the worst of times, and are able to keep a pound or two in hand besides these are the people they are most anxious to keep at home. But, then, these are the only class of working men who are ever likely to be of any benefit, either to themselves or the colony they emigrato to ; and unless we can secure this class of immigrants we had better have none but those who come out unsolicited, and independent of all immigration regu- lations. Our policy at the present juncture is, therefore, to endeavor by every means in our power to maintain the prestige Queens- land has already acquired as a field for emigration, and at the same time make such provision as will effectually secure us against an inundation of the undesirable class of immigrants with which our friends on the other side are so anxious to supply us. At the meeting of the British and Colonial Emigration Society, held at the Mansion House, London, on March 22, the Lord Mayor very kindly, but we trust not very truthfully, said "the agents of the Government of Queensland were now sending out large numbers of emigrants free, and it was sincerely to be hoped that other colonies would do the same ;" but at a subsequent part of the meeting he showed pretty clearly the bias which impelled him to take part in the movement by stating as a very admirable provision that "the guardians of any parish, on seeing a man or a family on the verge of pauperism, were empowered to make a loan of £10 for purposes of emi- gration. The recipients were prevented from again burdening the rates, as they were not allowed to return to England unless they repaid the loan. It might, moreover, be recovered before a magis- trate ;" and although Mr. MACARTHUR mildly suggested that by this course "the guardians would be relieving themselves but burdening the colonies," His Lordship did not seem to be at all convinced that it was not the right course to adopt. This society has now £3630 in hand, and it was agreed at the meeting before alluded to that the fund was to be em- ployed in paying a part, or the whole, of the passage-money of such emigrants as might apply for such assistance — prefer- ence being given to those who were able to pay the most towards their passages. This principle is no doubt a very good one, viewed from the stand-point of the members of the Society, and it is most probable that, among the emigrants so assisted, will be men and women who will settle down and form de- sirable colonists wherever they may go. Still, it requires great caution, firmness, and tact on the part of our agent in England to so manage as not to let us get too large a proportion of these people — or rather to maintain a firm control over the emigra- tion to our shores from the old country, and keep the selection in his own hands. This proves the absolute necessity for the appointment of an Agent-General for Emigration, qualified to take such a posi- tion and maintain it effectively. Without such an officer any system of immigration we may decide upon is certain to be a failure, and a failure of the most disastrous kind. With Mr. VERDON, as agent for Vic- toria, in London, and a large number of influential men from other places, all naturally anxious to secure the greatest advantages for their own colonies, we must be prepared to maintain the advan- tage we have already secured. Whether we have amongst us a gentleman able and willing to take this position, and maintain it, remains to be proved, but it is perfectly clear that no time ought to be lost in passing a good Immigration Bill, and sending to England the best man we can find to superintend the working of it. Mr. J. REYNOLDS BALL, late Registrar of the Supreme Court, left Brisbane for Sydney on Monday last. Mr. Ball's friends do not expect that he will return to this colony. THE Brisbane Criminal Sittings will commence to-day, at the Supreme Court, before His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. The calendar con- sists of the following cases : — John Hall, em- bezzlement as a public servant ; William Dalby, larceny as a public servant ; Elizabeth Turner, forgery; John Leslie, shooting with intent ; Matthew Briggs, alias Scotson, obtaining money under false pretences ; John Wiseman Wilkie, embezzlement as a public servant. THE adjourned annual general meeting of the Licensed Victuallers' Association will be held this evening, at the Royal Hotel. MR. J. O'KEEFE was the highest tenderer for the gate at the forthcoming races, £72 being the amount tendered, a very fair sum, con- sidering the prospects of the weather. A CONCERT is to be given in the School of Arts to-morrow evening, in aid of the organ fund of All Saints Church. The performers will comprise the members of the Orpheus Glee Society and Mr. Atkinson, and the programme will consist both of sacred and secular music. The concert, therefore, is likely to be a very excellent and agreeable one, and as it is given for a good object, it is to be hoped that the at- tendance will be equal to the occasion. The first part of the programme comprises choice selections from the host works of Haydn and Mendelssohn ; and the second contains some capital songs and glees. AT the victoria Theatre, last night, a drama entitled "Capitola" was produced. Probably owing to the weather, the house was poorly fllled. The farce of " The Dowager" concluded the evening's entertainment. IT appears, from the following paragraph in a late Melbourne Argus, that a colonial cricketer of considerable fame is about to become a resi- dent of this colony : — "A proposal is being discussed in cricketing circles to get up a testi- monial to Mr. T. W. Wills, who is about to leave the colony for Queensland. It is thought that his long services in the cricket-field, for the honor of the colony in many intercolonial matches, entitle him to some recognition. A meeting of his friends and admirers was to be held at Garton's Hotel, for the purpose of form- ing a committee to carry out their object." THE Petrie-terrace Baptist Sabbath School and Band of Hope annual treat was celebrated on Whit-Monday. The interest in these annual gatherings has been marked for some years by the attendance of large numbers of children with their parents and friends, but in all respects the affair of last Monday was a great success. The children met at the school-house on Petrie- terrace about 9 a.m., to the number of 160, where they were marshalled into order, and with some of their teachers the whole marched in procession, headed by the pretty banner of the Band of Hope, to the paddock adjoining Mr. Moore's garden. The numbers were in- creased during the day to about 220 children and adults. Arrived on the ground, all engaged in various sports, which were kept up with great animation till midday, when a plentiful supply of sandwiches and buns was distributed. Dur- ing the afternoon a new feature in these gather- ings was introduced, one calculated to keep up the pleasant remembrance of that day in par- ticular. A series of groups were formed of the children and their friends, and were photo- graphed by one of the teachers, the banner of the society forming the back ground in some instances, and in others the episcopal mansion, Bishopbourne, being made to do duty. After a plentiful feast of tea, cake, and sandwiches, the amusements were renewed, varied by a general meeting for mutual congratulations on the great success of the gathering, and scrambles for nuts and lollies, &c.; When it got too late to con- tinue the sports, and not till then, all present reluctantly dispersed, carrying with them many pleasant recollections of the day. THE anniversary tea-meeting of the Albert- street Wesleyan Church, took place yesterday evening, and was largely attended. Subsequent to the tea, Mr. J. S. Turner was voted to the chair, and some interesting addresses were de- livered. The chairman alluded to the financial position of the Church, which he said was satisfactory, and stated that there was only a very trifling amount now due on the current expenses account. He also informed the meet- ing that it was contemplated to make some very advisable alterations in the building, so soon as the necessary funds were raised. Mr. W. Brookes remarked that they had raised more funds for the Church in the bad times than in the good. He saw no reason to doubt the future of the Church, or of any other Church in this colony ; as he saw no reason to doubt the future of the colony itself. He was glad to see a clergyman of the Rev. Mr. Kelynack's standing coming here on a visit from the neighboring colonies, and thought that gentleman would be able, from what he had seen on the Darling Downs and elsewhere here, to give a very good report of the place on his return to Sydney. — The Rev. C. Ogg hoped that if the rev. gentleman saw abuses here he would see also that they were caused not by old colonists, but by new comers, whose presence here was only transitory. With regard to the various Churches here, they were all in difficulties ; but he trusted that by patience, perseverance, economy, and self- denial, they might be enabled to overcome them, and that such trying dispensa- tions would result in a revival of the work of God in the colony. — The Rev. W. Kelynack, who was especially well received, said, in a short but eloquent speech, that his visit to the colony had been a source of un- qualified pleasure to him. He had by no means found the climate to be of that killing nature which he had heard it described as in New South Wales. The only noticeable warmth, in fact, that he had experienced was in the social atmosphere ; and he must confess he had been so warmly received that he had almost been killed with kindness. He fully believed, from what he had seen here, that a brighter day would speedily dawn on the colony, and that the tide, which was low, was similar to those tides which occurred before floods in rivers that it would, in fact, be followed by a steady flood of prosperity. He earnestly hoped to see a revival of religious work in the colony. While on that subject, he might say he thought too great responsibility was attached to the pulpit in the conversion of sinners. Without wishing to be thought to lessen the high responsibility of the Christian ministry, he must say that the work of con- verting men was not the work solely of the pul- pit. In the Church, as in the human body, they not only needed the heart, but they needed means of communication to carry out to the remotest parts a supply of life and power. He would like to see religious energy on the part of every member of the Church. Without that, neither the most orthodox creed nor the most perfect polity could avail anything. He would like to see the system of prayer-meetings and tract distribution revived amongst them in its old force ; but feared that the energy that had at one time been displayed in them had been diverted into commerce and the pur- suit of the affairs of this world. Now-a-days, a man who was zealous in religion was called an enthusiast, and was looked upon as being in an abnormal condition. This, however, was not the case in connection with politics and other worldly matters. — The Rev. M. McGavin, in a few brief remarks, urged on all present, of whatever creed, not to lose sight of the im- portance of the spread of Christian truth, or to lessen their efforts to proclaim and advance it, in their attachment to their "isms" or peculiar forms of Christianity. — The Rev. I. Harding fully sympathised with Mr. McGavin's remarks, and stated that, in his opinion, the existence of various sections of worshippers in the great Christian body was not without a good effect. He likened, in fact, the various religious denomi- nations to the regiments of an army, which, though they were distinct badges, were all en- gaged in the one great work. The rev. gentle- man concluded by moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Kelynack, for the pleasure he had afforded them by his visit. The motion was carried with acclamation, and briefly responded to by Mr. Kelynack, who expressed himself as being very grateful for many kindnesses shown to him here, and announced it to be his wish to re-visit the colony at a future date. The meeting con- cluded in the usual manner, a collection being previously made for the Church fund. WE have to acknowledge receipt from the publisher, George Robertson and Co., of Mel- bourne, of a neat little volume, being a reprint of selections from articles originally published in the Australasian, under the head "The Peripatetic Philosopher." Many of our readers are already acquainted with these articles, and, like ourselves, will be glad to see them repro- duced in their present shape. To those who know nothing of them, we may say that they are principally commentaries — "philosophising" — upon noticeable characteristics of colonial life, and Melbourne society in particular. They are written in an original and vigorous style. ; the writer displaying an evident relish for the exposure of cant and humbug of all sorts, and a genius for satire exhibited in a like degree by no other Australian journalist of the day. Very candidly the author tells us why he has published his book. He says, " I will tell you, my most esteemed public. I do not publish this volume because I have a "high moral purpose in view ; " I do not publish it at the "request of a few of my friends ; " I do not publish it "merely for private circulation ;" I do not even publish it because I "feel that it will supply a long felt social want;" I publish it simply because I think it will SELL." We are glad to be able to agree with the author in this opinion — we think it will sell. THE number of patients at present in the Lunatic Asylum is 169 — namely, males 118 and females 51. THE rite of confirmation was administered by Bishop Tufnell, at St. Paul's Church, on Sun- day afternoon, the Revs. Messrs. Mosely and Creyke assisting at the ceremony. Eleven male and sixteen female candidates on this occasion assumed the responsibility of the vows made on their behalf by their godfathers and godmothers at their baptism. A special sermon on the Holy Communion was preached by the Bishop in the eveniug. — Queensland Times, May 18. A CHILD named William Frederick Hallam, aged three years, grandson of Peter Hallum, of the Seven-mile Creek, was severely scalded on Saturday, by upsetting a pot of boiling water over himself whilst his mother was engaged in washing. The poor little fellow lingered until Sunday afternoon, when he died. — Queensland Times, May 19. IN reference to the meeting at Ipswich, to commence to-day, the Queensland Times of yesterday says: — "The handicapping has given general satisfaction, Mr King being the only malcontent. Mr. Ivory's pair walked up from Brisbane on Satur- day, and both are looking remarkably well. They had a very favourable passage from Sydney, and the walk quite took their sea legs from under them, and set them up again on their terra firma pins. Premier arrived from Brisbane by steamer, and Senator came from Toowoomba by train, yesterday afternoon. the ball opens to morrow with the Ladies' Purse, for which there are seven, nearly all well-known horses, entered. Sir Hercules is powerful looking and, as he receives weight by virtue of his youth, he is expected to be, at any rate, past the distance post at the finish. Tal Tal is looking well, but he is little fancied. Alarm is a stranger in Ipswich. He is by Sir Hercules out of a reputed good mare, and has distinguished himself in country meetings. Previous to being put in clothing, howevee, for this meeting, he caught a severe cold and broke down completely. He has since come round, but is not by any means in condi- tion and cannot be expected to be out of the ruck passing the post. Cannon-ball, in addition to his rider, will have to carry too much weight of his own. 8 to 1 has been laid against him. Premier is first favorite, and his performances are held to qualify him for the position. Senator, a Toowoomba nag, is not mentioned. Surveyor is a Pitsford horse, who has been at stud for three years. He looks well, but is not much spoken of. If a tip were demanded of us we should be inclined to name Premier for first place and the Sydney horse second. The next event is the Ipswich Handicap. Centipede looks well, but his style of going is not satisfa- tory, and we shall be surprised if he gets a place. Chance is said to be as lively as a kitten and ought to be close up. Czar was a good deal fancied a few weeks ago, but his admirers appear to have grown colder of late; his condition is all that could be desired, but for all that those who know him best seem to distrust him, and his mechanical style of going is not in his favor. Grey Momus, the favorite, has not a particle of superfluous flesh on him, in fact, he looks rather fine; with 8 st 3 lbs he ought to win as he likes. Little Roanoke, with 7 st 10 lbs up, is not likely to be far behind. Of Sampson and Nelly we are unable to say anything further than that their appearance near the front is hardly expected. The order will probably br — Grey Momus,1; Chance, 2; Czar, 3. It is indeed not impro- bable that the order of the first two named may be reversed. At any rate, it ought to be a good race. The Maiden Plate promises to be one of the best contested events of the meeting. Leaving Ebor out of the question as having no chance, we expect to see a splendid race home between the other three, who are apparently so well matched that it is difficult to attempt to place them. Both greys have a very pretty style of going. In the Corinthian Stakes the strength and good breeding of Sir Hercules ought to land him in the place of honor." FROM the Gilbert River, under date April 22, the Cleveland Bay Express has the following report: — "These diggings I think, have now been successfully found. Payable gold has been struck on the Gilbert River about fifty miles from Messrs. Mytton, Cooper, and Co.'s station. There are about 200 men on the ground and all getting gold, though up to the present they have only been gully raking. At that they got 2dwts. or 4 dwts to the bag. Mr. Daintree considers the field as found, and his party have settled down to work. No one is leaving and no one grumbling. The river, where the main camp is situated, was running strong, and it is sup- posed always to have water in it. Stores and a butcher's shop are on the ground, and more stores are on the road. Let us hope that the deep sinking will prove as payable as the gul- lies. Sickness has prevailed a good deal but as this is usually the sickly time of the year, it is not very much thought of. Dr Jones from Cardwell, is on the ground, so we may well hope that before long we may be able to report that the sickness has left for good. No cases have terminated fatally. With regard to the road, as both horse and bullock drays have gone up the track is perfectly plain, though rough in places , and at present there is no longer dis- tance than ten miles without water being visible from the road." A GENTLEMAN residing at the Cape River kindly favored us (Cleveland Bay Express, May 1), with the following items of news from the gold fields on the Gilbert: — "I have recieved a letter from these diggings by which I learn there are over a hundred men at work, and finding gold in more or less quantity. The capacity of the gold field has been nowhere near t ti as there being large tracts of land into which a pick has never been driven; and it appears to be a general idea that the Gilbert will turn into a good paying gold field. As the quantity of diggers increase, so will its prospects, for it ap- pears to be held that there is plenty of good gold only waiting the looking for. A man who came down from the Gilbert the other day him- self sold me some 2½ ounces of gold, and stated that he had made it by digging in about a fort- night. The cause of his return was to look after his drays, which are on the road else- where. He purposes going back as soon as possible. According to his statement there are 300 people at work, all more or less pleased with their prospects. With regard to the gold bear- ing aspect of the country, he considers it first rate. In another instance, I saw a man who had received a letter from tho same quarter, and he told me that his news was also good. The rations there are plenty, and lots of water in the river. The gold is of a coarse, Ml description, and bears the appearance of having been subjected to the action of fire." OF the Mount Wyatt diggings, the Port Denison Times of May 8 says:— "Various re- ports have come to hand during the past week, relative to these diggings of a conflicting nature, but on the whole more favorable than those of the previous week. One person assures us that out of about 250 men at work, 100 are on payable ground, another that all who are fit and willing to work can make from 20s. to ??? per diem. From perfectly reliable authority, I know that one man got three ounces on Satur- day last, and returning to to his claim on Mon- day found that it had been jumped and that the jumpers had been working it all Sunday. He then shifted to another place where he hopes to do well, as "some fellows are making an ounce a day there." Under these circumstances we think it better to make no comments. We will have to wait for further and more definite news. A considerable number of diggers have passed through this port on their way to the diggings during the week, and what with them and those already on the ground, we ought soon to know something as to the real value of the Mount Wyatt gold-fields." ON Wednesday evening last (says the Northern Argus of the 15th), about 9 o'clock Mr. Archi- bald, of the Lion Creek Hotel, called upon a friend in Fitzroy-street, and tied his horse to a fence about ten yards from where he was stand- ing talking outside the door. While he was speaking he saw a man walk up in the ?? manner possible and mount his horse; he called out "Stop there, I'm watching you," and thought some one was playing him a trick. But the fellow rode off and has not since been heard of; if this not an instance of what is vulgarly called "cheek," we do not know what is. [This Archibald is one of the men arrested on suspicion of being concerned in Hall??? murder. —ED B.C] WE (Port Denison Times) are glad to report the return amongst us of Mr. M. W. Cunning- ham, one of our earliest settlers, and who was the first, we believe, to cross the Burdekin with sheep. Mr Cunningham has been making a long stay in England for the benefit of his health. We are also glad to note the arrival of Mr. Sherwin, of Victoria, a squatter of ?? years experience, and one whose opinion in grazing matters is highly valued. Mr. Sher- win has come up to look at some runs on the Bowen River, and should his opinion of this country be favorable, it is not improbable that his visit may lead to the investment amongst us of a good deal of Victorian capital, a highly desirable consummation. THE Cleveland Bay Express of the 8th instant publishes the following respecting the Ravenswood diggings: — The news received from Ravenswood during the week is of a very cheering character. The number of diggers on the ground is daily increasing, and the yield of gold continues to be very good. Some good alluvial patches have been worked during the week, and the reefs are pretty certain to turn out well. The best test of the value of the reefs is the number of disputes which have taken place as regards the ownership of the various claims." A NUMBER of draught horses, owned by miners at the Calliope, were missing on Saturday morning last, and have not been recovered, although diligent search has been made. Some villainous looking fellows, with no visible em- ployment, who had been lurking about the diggings previous to Saturday, disappeared at the same time as the horses, and the miners naturally conclude that their property is with these loafers. The police are on the alert, and it is to be hoped they may have the pleasure of introducing the rascals to His Honor Judge Innes. — Gladstone Observer, May 13. WE (Maryborough Chronicle) are glad to find that many of the farmers on the Reserve intend to make trial plantings of sugar cane, and if they find it will not be affected by the frost to go into its cultivation heavily. Mr. Watkins, of the Peak Mountain, is making preparations to plant twelve acres in the coming season. The Ribbon cane appears to be the variety most in favor. We yesterday saw a patch of two acres on the farm of Mr Scott, on the Warwick- road, and a finer lot of canes we believe cannot be seen anywhere. "WE (Maryborough Chronicle) understand that Mr Darby O'Brien, late sergeant of police at Maryborough, who was dismissed in a very arbitrary fashion by the Commissioner, has had offered to him the post of wardsman at the penal establishment, St Helena. We could not expect the authorities to acknowledge, in so many words, they were in error, but this may be taken as an indirect method of doing so, and as an attempt to make some reparation for the wrong done a good officer and respected citizen. WE (Mackay Mercury) are sorry to learn that a loss has been sustained by the proprietors of the Alexandra Plantation. The long grass growing around the fence of one of the cane- fields was set fire to a few days ago, and despite the most determined efforts of all the hands employed on the estate, the flames spread to the sugar cane crop, and burnt about ten acres. Last year a similar occurrence took place on the same plantation, by which five acres of ripening cane were very much injured, and several panels of fencing destroyed. THE Wanganui Chronicle makes the following remarks on the subject of "Maori heads":— Thus wrote Colonel Whitmore to the Defence Minister, after he had paid £50 for the head of Nikora, over which he said Nikora's wife wept bitterly. It now appears that Nikora, so far from being killed, was not even wounded, and that according to latest advices, he is actively engaged as Te Kooti's fighting general Ran- giaho is also in the land of the living, and with- out wound or scratch actively engaged against us. Te Kooti's wounds also turn out a myth, and instead of "every man of note being killed," the £50 paid for a head said to be that of Ni- kora has been paid for a head foisted upon Colonel Whitmore is that of the fighting chief, which is still fixed upon his shoulders. Thus much for "heads," but still we indulge the hope that the three brought in by Kemp and his men are those of the chiefs mentioned, and that unlike those of Nikora and Rangiaho, then ghosts will not again arise to laugh at our beards, and defiantly whirl the tomahawk in the faces of the affrighted settlers. As a general ran sometlung like an inquest should be held upon heads for which a price is offered, that no spurious articles may be pawned off upon the Colonial Treasury chest at £50 a piece, while they are intrinsically worth no more than the powder and ball expended upon them. We believe it has been shown that considerably over a ton weight of ammunition has been expended for every Maori shot during the last six or seven years. The cost per head at that rate is very considerable, and before we pay from £50 to £1000 for heads we should adopt measures to ascertain that the article paid for is genuine and not spurious. In fact there is considerable danger of a trade in the sale to Government of spurious heads springing up that will cast in the shade all the quack medicines that flourish in the columns of newspapers throughout every part of the civilized world. We do not object to the "reward," even from £50 to £1000 or up- wards, but let us have the genuine article as "value received" for our hard cash, and no one will complain, or say that the price is exorbi- tant." THE Melbourne Argus of Monday states that owing to the manner in which the proceedings against Mr. Glass and Mr. Quarterman have been conducted a judicial decision has been obtained which will go far to curb the extensive power of privilege claimed by the Legislator Assembly. The warrant authorising then com- mittment to prison was one in general terms, stating that they had been guilty of contempt, and were, therefore, committed to custody during the pleasure of the House. A writ of habeas corpus was granted by the Chief Justice on Friday, directing the gaoler to bring up the body of Mr. Glass, with the causes of detention. This writ was argued on Saturday. The Attor- ney-General apparently thinking that the first warrant was bad, as containing the names of two persons for different offences had another warrant issued by the Speaker referring to Mr. Glass alone. Mr Ireland, Mr Adamson, and Professor Hearn appeared on Saturday on be- half of Mr. Glass to argue that the warrants were bad. In accordance with custom, the Attorney-General ought to have appealed in person to defend the claims of the Assembly, but for some reason he delegated the case to Mr. Michie and Mr. Billing. The case was argued before the Chief Justice, who had in- vited the assistance of Mr Justice Barry and Mr. Justice Williams. The objections taken to the warrants were — first, that they were not under seal; second, that they Were general in their nature, that they merely specified that the Premier had been adjudged guilty of a con- tempt, and was therefore committed to prison, whereas they should have specified the grounds on which the prisoner was found guilty of con- tempt to enable the Court to determine whether it was such an offence as the Commons House could punish in July, 1855, the date of our Constitution Act; thirdly, that the House had no power to send to gaol, and, lastly, that the imprisonment was indefinite, being "during pleasure," and not for a specified period. In reply, instances were cited where the Commons had imprisoned in common gaols during pleasure, and where the warrant was not under seal; and on the main point, the argument was, that the Assembly possessed the privileges of the Commons in 1865. The Commons could commit for a contempt on that date; therefore the Assembly could also commit for a contempt. The Chief Justice decided only one point. He did not dispute the right to commit for a con- tempt, but he considered that the Assembly, unlike the Commons, possessed only a limited jurisdiction; that its warrants were therefore open to examination, to ascertain whether the privilege violated was one possessed by the Commons in 1865; the warrant in this case did not disclose what the offence was, and therefore it was bad. Mr Glass was at once discharged. The decision of His Honor was hailed with cheers by a crowd that had assembled outside the court. Mr. Quarterman did not apply for his writ of habeus, and he is, therefore, still in gaol; but we suppose that, as his fellow prisoner has been released, he also will apply for his discharge. JOSEPHINE. — We are glad to call the atten- tion of out lady readers to a great improvement in this celebrated kid glove. We understand the original inventors have made arrangements to manufacture it in a class of kid leather supe- rior to any hitherto used, and they have taken the opportunity of having a complete set of new cutting machines made, so that the glove will be a little longer — a want always felt in the article. A Crown will be found stamped on our glove, to distinguish it from all other Josephines, and the well known "F.P.C" trade mark in the other. — Court Circular. — [ADVT.] L. 