AGRI?UIL URE OlN THE MARY RIVER. (Prom a correspondent of the CorOler.) February 27. After nearly sit weeks of daily thunderstorms, fal lowed by two or three days' etedyr rain, we are again blessed with a clear sky. From the quantity of rain whioh fell every one anticipated a flood, or somethine very like it, but we Iave heen agreeahly disappointed. Here the river roes about three or tour feet abnve high-water mark, hbut accounts from the hither part of tha river speak ·f a r;pi there of more than tswely. feet. As far as weather g~e. w- have had n singoallrl rond seseon. Hardly a muo th ha. paased witlhout n few Rood showers, so that the intense heat whirl pro wailed at the b-ginning of the y or did very little harm brenad bliatring the arms of a few who "didn't mind the heat." The vnry appearane of the forma is a proof of the favourable o'imatic influence of the season. Tle corn reon was rather later than enual, but it is only rair to add that in many oases it was much heavier than usual, and on all hands was allowed to be a " fair average crop." Foe the second erao, which is now coming on, we could not have had more favourable wsthert the only complaint that can be made is, that the weeds grow as fast a the corn. A week or two, buht and dry, will soon lay this ghost. Maize has, so far, realised a fair price, though it may almost seem paradoxical, green corn, just begin ning to heat, and quite unfit for a horse to eat, hase been mare readily sold than a decent article. Dry maize may now be quoted at 8s. 6d. to 4e. If it has been a good season for maize, much mere so haa it been for sugar-cane. The last crop was by no means a bad one, in spite of the misrepresentations of interested parties, but I cannot estimate the present crop at less than three times the weight of cane to the Msre (last season's.) It will be a spleudid rattoon crop, and I expect will tax pretty heavily all the mills we are likely to hare next season. Some are already crying out that the farmers will not get their canes ormshed, that there is a vast deal more land in cane, and that there will still only be two public mills, for though Dr. Baton, and also Messrs. Jamieson and M.rray, will have mills in time for the next crushing, it is not supposed that they will do more than crush their own cane. I believe, however, that we need have no fear about getting rid of this part of our crop, though I confess I do not clearly see how the farmers above the police camp will manage. For some of them the past season must hare been almost ruinous, as it is well known that in some instanoes the miserable dole of ten t o fifteen shillings an acre was all that Mr. Meiklejohn would give; and I heardthe other day of one farmer who, rather than he so dealt with, cut deown his mrop and laid it in rows to rot. It seems a pitiable thing that in an agricultural and rapidly pro graulng district, as this certainly is, a crop so valuable could be put to no better use. The distance from the mills will, I am afraid, affect them much more in the coming season than even it has donein the past. They will stand little chance until they get a mill near to their farms, for they will until then be entirely at the meroey of the millowner, who will subject himself to great inonvenience for the sake of a very low price. f? our months' rsttoons are now fully six feet high, but those who had their cane out in September were ,very lucky, as the great heat in December found the grsond more shaded. Of cotton I now hear very little talk. No one doabts but that it is a good erop, but the imnossi bility of getting hands to pick it, even at something abIre a fair priace, threatens to swamp this industry entirely. <Women here will not, and men cannot,* poit notton; so' "there's an end on't." Thanke to 'Iroo'B oke and his friends, many who were inclined to try South Sea' Islanders now hang bark, fearful of itsme dlesgreeablenees or other, which piehbt be easily Saused by outside malicious or thoughtless meddlers. if Mr. Brookes and his party would show half the 'tinder mercy for the poor white pioneer (in the days 'o caih, a customer, too) that they exhibit for the onloured labourer, less nonsense would be written on this Aubjeet. We are ?nformed that a resident near Armidale made some excellent oider from peaches last year, and it is Improving by being kept. It seems to merit being termed peach wine. The mode of operation is imple. Put ripe peaches into a tub, and keep stir ring them every little while for two or three deys. When it to draw offb-hy a tap at the bottom of the \--tbtheub utca?l nds clear-if not, the firsat operatior most be resumed until it does. Whrn thoroughly olear, draw of and put the juice in a cask. and leave I t on its aide with the bone-hole open. The juire then ferments, and throws off its impurities, in the same manner se wine. Fill the eask each day as long as the cider is working; when that is completed add '6 bottle oft.h best brandy to every ten gallons of the lider, and then cerk tp. The longer it is kept the better it gets. Some fortify with sherry, but brandy is preferable. We are informed that the above makes .very strong eider. For a weaker kind add one gallon of water to every three of juice. Many ofthe peaches this season are not St for making cider from; they ore small, and lack the rich juice necessary. But in some loralities they may be found to answer. The above recipe is simple, and is similar to makine wine from grapes on a small seale.-Aremida e Express. At the Ballarat Cirouit Court, on Thursday, before his Honor Mr. Justice Williams, Henry John Newton \- King, aged 40 years, late postmaster at Ballarat, pleaded guilty to the indiotment preferred against him of. having, on 21st Augset, embezzled certain moneys,the property of Her Majesty the Queen. The prisoner, in broken tones and trembling with half-re. strained emotion, read the following paper:-"Your Honor,-Before receiving my sentence, with your per mission, I would like to read a short statement. I have been since 18l6 in the employment of the Government, six years of which was in Her Majesty' service, the re maining sixteen years undertheVictorian Government. oan produoethehighesttestimonislfrom distinguished offloeer andothera as to my conduct and gallgntry as an iBsloer while serving in the army, and I can refer your Honor to the bead of my department as to my general conduet in the service of the Victorian Government. I do not bring these forward in any way with a view of obtaining s mitigation of my sentence, biut simply to point out that all these are now forfeited for ever. I have disgraced the name I bear, which disgrace must also attach itself to my wife and family, besides whichthey are almost leftdestitute. This is my punish ment. No sentence, no matter how severe, can ever equal the pain and remorse I am enduring, and must endure for ever. I would further state that my ruin was accelerated to a great decree by the cessation of payments of salaries by the Victorian Government, the enormous interest I had to pay amounting lat terly to as much as £60 a month. If I had but con. salted and laid my case before one or two friends, or even my own wife, I should not have been placed in the position I now occupy. Instead of which, I neither trusted nor asked advice from any person, thinking something might turn up to enable me to replaee the money. Shortly before I was arrested I became reckless-almost mad. During the last month £800 of the sum which I am oharged with embezzling was paid away to some of'my creditors, and at the time of arrest I was owed by the Gorernment over £200 \-- £180 rent allowance, and nearly £25 salary. The only reason that I can ure or put forth in asking your Honor to deal leniently with me would be that no earthly punishment can ever equal whet God has visited me with, and that if I served my sentence I may, with the help of Almighty God, come back to my wife and family an altered man-one whose life will be devoted to undo, as far as lay in his power, the ruin and destruction I hare brought on them- and to labour and work for them as long as God spares me. I hare hen also three months in gaol. If your Soner wishes it, I can produce the testimony referred to by me, also my commission as an officer in Her Majesty's army, and will call on the following gentle men, the Rev. Mr. Potter and Mr. M'Dermott, as to my greneral character while ervine as postmaster on Ballarat." The document ofwhich the foregoing is a copy, was handed to thejudge, and the prisoner was remanded. Poisonra sr Tn e BEcRIES. - On Saturday morning the ferryman at the Ohika River, on the Buller-road, obeerved a man in the mst frantic state on the opposite side of the riser. The ferryman, Moore, made all haste to cet him over to the house, when it wee found that he was in a state of the most ahject insanity. After a good feed and resting for an heour, his recollection to some extent returned. He could then remember that, four days before, he left Charleston in company with another man whom he slled " Little Tommy ;" that they arrived at Packers' Point by coach, and proceeded up the road towards the Lyell ; that they cailed at the Junction Hotel and had each a glaes of ale ; and then proceeded on their journey. He remembered walking some miles when they sat down to rest in a place where there was an abundance of tutu, the berries of which they ate There mst he a strange race ofmon and women on the tary River. Perhaps the plcantnnlts nould condescend no do e little.-Q. F. freely, as "Tommy"' said they wero good for food. Afrer eating thee.. herri.s the por fellow could re netmnhr ,nothing hbeyond walking on for nome mile'. Both of them filling very sick, they put up their tent, wlhn "Tommy" was seized with violent fits. He was lying on his back and frothing at the mouth. The other became alarmed, and in his delirium rushed off for as'istanee, and for three days and nights was vushing through the hush prefectly mad until Saturday morning, when he happened to arrive at the ferry. He was perfertly mad, wit',out a hat. his face serrarled and buisad all over, and his toniue ewol.n and eovered pith sores, preseotine a dreadful specfacle. When it is taken into account that he was wandering for three days without food, he was not so exhausCed as might have been exrected. but he was in such a state that if lie had lain down it is very likely that he would never have risen again. A party at once started for the missing man and found him lying dead in a creek, with the head resting on a boulder. At the inquest, it transpired that the name of the decested was Thomas Dudley, a native of Cork. His companion, George Butiment, who also partook of the poisonous plant, has not yet altogether recovered from the effects of the poison and from his three days' exposure in the bush, without food, and in a state of raving madness. The peculiar mental effeot produced by the poison of the tutu berry is in dicated by an expression made by Butiment at the inquest. He said that, when lost in the bush, he "was not without company. He thought he was among crowds of people, and in all sorts of places of amusement."-Wesporrt l'imes (New Zealand.) We learn from a private letter, received from Can terbury by the last mail, that a mixed flock of 500 strong healthy sheep was offered the other day by a flockowner to any one who would take the trouble to go to the station and fetch them, but that he was unable to find a customer. In the same province a mob of fat sheep were sold to the butoher a few days since at Is. 2d. per bead.-Nelson tueniny iail. 