MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. o A DESPERADO. THE ' Chicago Tribune' gives the particulars of an extraordinary passage of arms between General M'Laugblin, of the United States Army, and a desperate outlaw, named Kim ball, who was suspected of various beinous crimes, but had hitherto eluded the vigilance of the authorities:-*' On Tuesday, Dec. 22, General M'Laugblin received informa tion that the Kimballs were at home in Winn Parish. We glean the following par ticulars of the subsequent occurrences General M'Laugblin took his orderly with bim, and proceeded to Kimball's residence. Be there found Mr. Kimball, senior, and bis wife, and asked if the young men were at home. Both parties said they were not, but bad gone to Texas. The General then searched the bouse, but found the parties absent. Remounting his horse, he proceeded towards Winnfield. He arrived near the fork of the WiDnfield and Harrisonburg roads, near a place known as Wheeling, and when within about 300 yards of this place be discovered William Kimball, who ran out into the road in his shirt sleeves, with a revolver in his hand, mounted a horse, and fled to the woods on the left of the Mont gomery road, hotly pursued by General M'Laughlin. After pursuing bim through thick woods about a mile, he came to a slough about ten yards wide. As Kimball at tempted to cross this place his horse bogged, the saddle girth broke, and himself and saddle together fell off. His horse got out on the opposite STde of the slough, and Kim ball screened himself behind bis horse as the General rode up. He levelled bis revolver at the Genera], and demanded his surrender. The parties were about ten yards apart, and the General replied that the same demand was about to be made of him. As the Ge neral was about to raise his gun, Kimball fired at him, ttie ball passing through the General's horse's neck from front to rear. The General immediately fired at him, with his gun loaded with No 5 small shot, strik ing him in the forehead. Kimball fired a second shot, which was returned by the other barrel of the shot gun. Two more shots were exchanged, when Kimball said he would surrender. He was told to throw down his pistol, which he did. The General now dismounted on the opposite side of bis horse. The moment he did so Kimball caught up his pistol, remounted his horse bareback, and fled. The General immedi ately pursued, clearing the slough with little difficulty. Before the chase had continued half a mile the General was within ten yards of bim. He turned on his horse and fired his fifth shot, which was again promptly re turned by General M'Laughlin. The Gene ral's horse now gained rapidly, and as he ran to his left in front of him, Kimball attempted to fire his sixth shot, but missed fire. All this time his surrender was constantly de manded. The General now fired his sixth shot, which killed him. He fell off his horse on his left side." It appears, however, that General M'Laughlin was to be held respon sible for the death of the bravo, for he was subsequently arrested, but granted bail, pend ing his examination. A ROTHSCHILD'S WEALTH.-The wealth left by the late Baron James de Rothschild is something fabulous. It overpowers tbe imagination. No Sultan, or Caliph, or Em peror, real and fabled, approached him in the extent of his opulence. The "wealth of Ormus or of Ind" pales before it. The late Baron made the following disposition of bis fortune:-He left to his wife Betty £8,000,000, the chateau Ferriere, whose art galleries are estimated at above £800,000, and his house in the Rue Lafitte, at Paris. To "his second~Eon, Gustavus, he gave £8,000,000; to his third son, Edmund, £6,000,000; and to his grandson, tbe son of the late Solomon Rothschild, £2,000,000. This is pretty well in itself, but it does not exhaust tbe vast heaps left by the modern Croesus. The largest plum has fallen to tbe lot of his eldest son, ^lnhonsus!who rames in for a trifle o^26]MRu00^Hj|HMfcal fortune-and perhaps tliese legEBP^Cqot exhaust tbe amount-reaches tbe%unM#fel of £44,800,000. It may give some idea of what this mean* ta mention that it would nearly pay the wirast on the artional debt for two years, anqw considerablwnore than half the income ot Great BritaffL Verily the deceased Baron must, like Miaas, nave possessed the faculty of turning everything he touched into gold.-* Express.* AN AMERICAN BANQUET.-A grand mi litary banquet was held recently at Chicago. On tbe largjj? platform sat Sherman, with Grant, Schoneld> Logan, Pope, and Terry on his right, and Thomas, Slocum, M*J)oweIl, Stoneman, and Wilson on his left. Accord ing to theNew York World,' by the time the speaking EhouIcT'fiave commenced the bulk of the guests were so drunk and so noisy that it was impossible to proceed. Every effort to restore order was in vain; and at nine o'clock General Grant retired in disgust. General Logan at last succeeded in getting a bearing for some minutes, but tbe riot again prevailed, and, in despair, General Sherman left the chair. A new use has been found for petroleum refuse, which promises to be highly advan tageous to colonists in Canada. By sending a stream of air, by means of an air-pump, through a cask of petroleum or paraffin re fuse, it becomes charged with the vapour from tbe petroleum and burns with the bril liance of ordinary gas. All that is required is to store the vapour in a gasometer, when it is ready for use. Canada papers state that this new mode of illumination is very general in that country. A murder has been committed under ex traordinary circumstances at St. Germain, a village near Coulommiers (Seine-et-Marne.) The body having been discovered, a dog was brought to the spot, and followed the scent of the murderer to the pool in which he had just thrown himself with tbe intention, as he acknowledged, of committing suicide. He was of course lodged in prison. The ' Mobile Register* says Southern planters are better off to-day than they were before the war. They are free from" debt, and receiving more for their cotton than ever before. Formerly they were always one crop in debt, and belonged to their factors. Now tbey have learned economy, and are their own masters. Professor. Stoddard stated, at the recent meeting of the American Association at 39iiicago, that he-had been witness of an ac cident in Indiana, where lightning had been carried five miles on a telegraphic wire without melting it, but sufficiently strong to shatter three posts. A little girl, bearing her matfer say'tbat she was going to wear a dress ^Bmed with bugles to a party, innocently ^Ked if the bugles would blow when she ^ftred about. " Ob, no," replied tbe mother^Kiut your father will blow, when he hears rait I have bought them." A Paris letter sayg:-" It is solemnly an nounced that ladies will wear in their hair this year silver dust; this fashion has been started by the Duchess of Madrid." Brigandage is going on in Hungary upon a vast scale. Tbe royal mail refuses to for ward valuable objects, on account of tbe in security of the roads. The Marquis of Bute lias given £5000 to the new Roman Catholic cathedral about to be built at Westminster. DRINKING IN THE LAST CENTURY. The following story gives a good idea of the drinking style of the lastcentury. This was what our grandfathers took for humour. (The Lord Panmure spoken of was, we be lieve, the father of the present Lord Dal housie.) Two young English noblemen were paying a visit to Lord Panmure at Brechin Castle. One day be wrote a letter to Pan lathie, a tenant of his, to come and dine with him, and at the same time he ordered him to bring a sum of money. Panlathie was aware when he received the order that somethiag was to be done. After dinner Lord Panmure gave the first toast, which was, " Ail bats in the fire, or £20 on the table." Four hats were immediately in the fire. One of the English noblemen gave the next toast, " All coats in the fire or £50 on the table." Four coats were committed to the flames. The other English nobleman gave the next toast, " All boots in the fire, or £100 on the table." The whole of the boots were committed to the flames. Panlathie's toast came next, which was, " Two fore-teeth in the fire, or £200 on the table," when Panlathie pulled bis teeth out and threw them in the fire. The English noblemen looked amazed. He bad false teeth unknown to them, and Pan lathie went home without hat, coat, or boots, but with £600 in bis pocket. Lord Pan mure thought much of his tenant after that. CROSSING- SWEEPERS.-A correspondent of a London paper sends the following: " At a time when London did not contain much more than half of its present popula tion, the late well-known Mr. Alderman Waithman kept a very large drapery estab lishment at the south-east end of Fleet-street, fronting also to New Bridge-street. I was personally acquainted with the alderman, and frequently saw him in bis shop. There was a man, apparently in a state of absolute destitution, who swept and had for many years swept the crossing to Ludgate-hill. Miss Waithman, out of pure compassion to this man, was in the frequent if not daily habit of supplying him with soup and other means of support: at length the poor man died, leaving her £7000. These facts were well known at the time, aud I have no doubt are still within the recollection of some few at least of those still living, of whom I am one." IMPORTANCE OP SLEEP.-1. Those who think most, who do most brain work, require most sleep. 2. Time saved from necessary sleep is infallibly destructive to mind, body, and estate. 3. Give yourself, your children, your servants-give all that are under you the fullest amount of sleep they will take, by compelling them to go to bed at some regular early hour, and to rise in the morning the moment tbey awake; and within a fortnight nature, with almost the regularity of the rising sun, will unloose the bonds of sleep the moment enough repose has been secured for the wants of the system. This is the only safe and sufficient rule; and as to the question how much sleep anyone requires, each must be a rule for himself; great Nature will never fail to write it out to the ob server under the regulations just given.-Dr. Spicer. A TAPEWORM IN THE EYE-The son of a shop-keeper, residing in Berlin, having complained that he could not sea so well as usual with one of his eyes, was conducted to establishment of Dr. Graefe. On examining the patient, the doctor said it was lucky the child bad been promptly brought to him, for be declared that immediately behind the iris of the affected eye there was a tapeworm! This parasite, be added, would undoubtedly have soon completely destroyed the 'organ of vision, in which it had taken up its quarters. The doctor stated that he had never bad but one case of the kind before; but he added that it was a wonder that such cases were not more frequent. They arose, he observed, from eating underdone or uncooked meat, and most generally pork.-Letter from Berlin. CHAMPAGNE FOR THE MILLION.-A Mr. Cox lately brought an action against Mr. Barnes for having supplied him with a de fective machine for making champagne, and recovered the sum of £25, in addition to £75 paid into cou*t. It appeared during the trial that by the^ailftf the machine in question an. evervescent ^compound of port, shecry, Ma deira, Hungarian wine and sugar can be .made, "ewal to champagne of the highest brand;" ju|h'this slight difference, that it -has a cloifdyjar milky appearance, and that it blisters tne lips and throats of the unfortu nate individuals who swallow it. A machine of this kind, capable of producing 100 dozen of Sillery champagne a day, costs £135, and thejhampagne can be turned out at the price ofjAeer beer. i^^urious case has just been decided in the Supreme Court at New York. The widow of a murdered man brought a suit for tfceaai^ <$ 5000 dollars damages (the largest anoint, she could claim under the statute) against the defendant, whose wrongful acts are said to have resulted in her husband's decease. The mortal difficulty arose out of a difference respecting the interpretation of the termB of a lease, and the defendant, instead of taking the case to court, sought to obtain his rights by force. In the melee consequent upon his unlawful proceedings, one of his workmen discharged a pistol with fatal effect at the husband of the plaintiff, and the man who used the pistol was produced by the widow as the chief witness in support of her claim. Upon his testimony the jury de clared in her favour to the full extent of the law. A butter factor was recently fined £2 by the Lord Mayor of Dublin for selling butter fraudulently made up. On being subjected to analysis it was found to contain in 100 parts: butter 62, water 5, salt 33-total 100\. It is said that several pence per pound are now lost by Irish dairymen in the price they receive, owing to the degree in which confidence has been lost in the quality of the article they send across the channel. A American paper is responsible for the following remarkable incident:-A person of Southern Ohio fell into a trance, was buried in a vault, and stayed there two days, when a bright idea struck him. He kicked the lid off and got out. The neighbours shot at him for a .ghost, and through much tribu lation be finally got back into bis own house. Fashions repeat themselves in the course of years, if we are able to understand a pas sage in Jeremy Taylor's sermon on the mar riage ring: " Menander, in the comedy, brings in a man turning bis wife from his bouse because she stained her hair yellow, which was then the beauty." Menander flourished about three hundred years before the Christian Era. " Now, young people," said a professor of natural history to his class, " Now, then, as tov hens. A hen has the capacity of laying just six hundred eggs, and no more, and she finishes in just about five years. Now, what is to be done with ber after that ?" " Cut off her head, and sell her for a spring chicken exclaimed an urchin whose father dealt in poultry. A Canadian journalist lately announced the decease of one of his patrons in the fol lowing terms:-" In him society has lost one of its choicest ornaments; the church has been deprived of a true believer; his wife of a loving husband, and his children of an affec tionate parent; while we have lost a sub scriber always punctual and regular in his payments." ROWLAND HILL IN THE PCLPIT.-Bow land Hill, for so many years tbe minister of Surrey Chapel, in tbe Blackfriars Road, London, was a strange compound of wisdom, good sense, drollery, and piety. Of these qualities Mr. E. Sydney, his veil-known biographer, gives many illustrations: When about to make a collection, be shouted out, " There is a perpetual frost in the pockets of some wealthy people; as soon as they put their hands into them, they are frozen and unable to draw out their purses. Had I my way I would hang all misers, but the reverse of the common mode; I would hang them up by the lieels, that their money might run out of their pockets, and make a famous scramble for you to pick up and put in the plate." On a wet day, when number of persons took shelter in bis chapel during a heavy shower, while he was in the pulpit, he said, " Many people are greatly blamed for making their religion a CLOAK ; but I do not think those are much better who make it an UMBRELLA." When he was told he did not preach to the elect, upon an early opportunity, in tbe pulpit, he said, " I don't know tbem, or I would preach to tbem. Have tbe goodness to mark tbem with a bit of chalk, and then I'll talk to them." " I don't like those mighty fine preachers, be said, " who so beautifully round off all their sentences that they are sure to roll off the sinner's conscience." " Never mind break ing grammar," be said to his co- pastor, Theophilus Jones, " if the Lord enables you to break tbe poor sinner's heart." THE VELOCIPEDE.-Tbis invention is sug gested as a substitute for the horse for tbe rapid transportation of infantry. Celerity of movement is the gTeat desideratum, for it is a maxim that the strength of an a;my, like tbe power in mechanics, is estimated by mul tiplying the mass by tbe rapidity. Now, as to comparative speed. Recently, in France, there was a race between a velocipedist and a horseman, for a distance of forty-five miles, which the latter won by only twenty-five minutes, after a run of six hours, It is stated that but for a head wind that blew all tbe time the machine would have won. An instrument called a water velocipede has re cently been invented. It consists of two or three small boats placed where tbe wheels are on tbe land velocipede, and they are pro pelled by paddle wheels moved by a crank. Many are the good things reported to have been said by the late Lord Alvanley, but I don't remember to have seen in print tbe fol lowing. Crockford, on retiring from the management of tbe Club in St. James's street, where gambling was carried on openly for many years and large sums lost nightly, gave a farewell dinner to his patrons, at which he took the opportunity of expatiating on the good use which he bad made of the wealth which he bad accumulated at their expense. He told tbem that be bad considered it as a trust. " Often had be fed tbe hungry," (bis suppers free to all tbe habitues were unex ceptionable), " many were the naked whom he had clothedthen he paused for an in stant, and Lord Alvanley finished tbe sen tence for him, " and the rich be sent empty away." In a long review of the " Memoirs of tbe' Earls of Granard," which appeared in tbe * Times,* we read that one extremly able member of tbe Forbes family, " after this made frequent journeys to and from Ireland, and for a long time he performed these jour neys on horseback." Tbe' Times* may well say be was a remarkable man. So was his horse a remarkable horse. i A New York tradesman having three customers, a father and two sons by the name of Wheeler, and fearing a confusion of accounts from their different orders, solved the difficulty by ,6tyling the stern parent " Stern Wheeler," tbe eldest son " Side Wheeler," and tbe youngest, rather a fast youth, "Propeller." At a duel, the parties discharged their pistole without effect, whereupon one of tbe seconds interfered, and proposed that tbe combatants should shake hands. To tbis the other second objected as unneccessary; " for," said he, " their bands have been shak ing this half hour." The incredible statement is made that on the day of Baron James de Rothschild's funeral, bis widow gave orders that every beggar that came to the door should receive a piece of gold of 20f., and that, in pursuance of this order, no less than £12,000 sterling was given away in the course of tbe day. On Tuesday night, January 19, Mrs. Rim mer was crossing a plapk to reach the Cardiff ! schooner Mary Nixon, lying in Bristol Har bour, when she fell into the water. Her husband, tbe captain of the vessel, plunged in to try and save her, and both were drowned. The ' Louisville Democrat' announces that that journal has been sold to a new pro prietor. In the same number Mr. Harvey, tbe retiring editor, takes leave. He says, " The worst sin I have on my conscience is helping to make great men out of very small material." " We have ever found," says an Amejican paper, *' that blacksmiths are, more or less, given to vice. Carpenters, for tbe most part, deal planely, but they will chisel when they can get a chance. Not unfrequently they are bores, and consequently annoy one with i their old saws." A man told his friend tbe sum of his miseries, adding:" And what would you have done under such a pressure ?" " I should have put an end to my life," said tbe other, vauntingly. " I did still more courageously," replied the complainant: " I dared to live on!" A young lady visiting in tbe family asked John at dinner for a potato. John made no response. Tbe request was repeated: when John, putting bis mouth to her ear, said very audibly, " There's jist twa in the disb, and tbey maun be keepit for tbe stranger." A man very much in debt, being repri manded by bis friends for bis dishonourable position, and warned of the terrible anxijtj of people who are in debt, answered care lessly :-" Oh, that may be all very : true with a person who thinks of paying !" THE CLIMAX.-An American says, "In I an evil hour I became addicted to drink. From that moment I have been going down, until I have become an outcast-a loafer-a thing of no account-fit for nothing on this versal airth bvt to be a member of Congress." A physician of Boston reports the death of three children from convulsions produced by eating tbe skins of raisins. He remarks tbat there is no stomach, unless it be that of tbe ostricb, tbat can master tbe skin of tbe raisin. USE OF A BAD HAT.-" Mr. Brown, why do you wear that bad bat ?" " Because, my dear sir, Mrs. Brown vows she will not go out of tbe bouse with me until I get a new one." The Frontier Index newspaper, we are told, constantly moves its office westward, keeping about sixty miles beyond tbe end of the Union Pacific Railroad. MODERN COMEDY.- Mrs. Teazle.-" I'm sure I married you for tbe purest of mo tives. Mr. Peter Teazle.-" For tbe purest of metals, ma'am, you mean." " Why did Adam bite the apple ?" asked a school-mistress of her class. ** Because be hadn't any jack-knife to cut it with," promptly answered a smart boy. Those who know the world will not be bashful, and those who know themselves will I never be impudent. 