PUNCH TO THE COUNTRY. TO THE ELECTORS OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Gentlemen — You have now afforded to you the opportunity of selecting representatives in the Legislative Assembly who mav be worthv of the office, of the country, and of yourselves. In the discharge of my duty, and with a sincere feeling of gratitude for the large amount of public confidence and support I have enjoyed at your hands, I beg to offer you a few words of advice on the coming con tests. And I shall best dis charge this duty by briefly pointing out to you the men who, under no circumstances, should receive your support. There are, gentlemen, three classes of men to avoid — the loafer, the snob, and the bigot ; and of these, the last is by far the worst. The loafer is the man whose political life is a continuous tout, who looks upon the public service as the patrimony of his children, and whose vote is regularly paid for by the gift of a clerkship of petty sessions to his latest born. False, offensive, and utterly unscrupu lous, the loafer becomes independent when his family is provided for, and menaces the men from whom he formerly begged. The snob is much less an exceptionable person ; for he may have a certain amount of honesty, some idea of principle, and a sincere desire to discharge his duty satisfactorily. But if he is insolent to inferiors, servile to those above him, and somewhat impertinent to his equals, he is not the man for public distinctions of any kind. Of this class of men are those who look upon old public servants with suspicion, disre- gard the sensibilities of gentlemen whose mouths are closed, and say things in Parliament which they would not dare to whisper in the streets! But, above all, down with the bigot ! Whether in orange or green, purple or snowy white — hunt him out of public life ? The fellow who wants your votes because he is a Protestant or a Papist or a Jew or an Infidel is a consummate rogue, and pays you the compliment of supposing you to be either thorough sympathisers with his rascality, or consummate asses. Among religious candidates of this kind, I would strongly counsel you to include spirit-rappers, mediums, quacks, believers in ghosts, aud impostors generally. Lastly — avoid the malignant, laugh at the fellows who want you to hate each other — who think there is fun in brutal assaults upon character, who mistake slander for humour, and who think they criticise when they only calumniate. I have the honor to be, Gentlemen, Your faithful servant, funxb. 1 — 