URANA ANNUAL RACES. Our usually quiet little town was last week enlivened by the Annual Race Meeting, which took place on Wednesday and Thursday, 14th and 15th instant. Judge, James Cochran, Esq., J.P.; Starter, R. L. Murchison, Esq.: Stewards, Win. Faed, Esq., F. R. Murphv. Esq., .7.P., Geo. Watt, Esq., R. J. Murchison, Esq.. W. T. Millar, Esq., C. M. Lloyd, Esq., J.P., G. B. McKinnon, Esq.. E. C. Kennedy, Esq., T. B. Came, Esq., J.P. The weather was everything that could be wished for, the attendance good, and the arrangements on the course were carried out satisfactorily, nothing occnring to make the meeting' other than enjoyable. The attendance of ladies was not as numerous a3 was anticipated, hut those few who did patronise the races gave quite a gay appearance to i the stand, and materially added to our enjoyment. Since the previous meeting the course had been enlarged, being now one and a half miles round, new jumps erected, also a stand capable of holding one hundred people, from which a good view of the running can he obtained. These improvements were carried out under the superintendence of our indefatigable honorary Secretary and Treasurer Mr. Rd. Burke, to whom great praise is due for the trouble he took to have everything complete. On Thursday evening host Ashcroft, as has been his custom for the last three years, invited the visitors to dinner, which was done ample justice to, the usual toasts on these occasions being drank in bumpers of champagne, and thus brought to a conclusion the most agreeable race meeting ever held at Urana. Annexed is an account of the different events.) WEDNESDAY, 14TH APRIL. Maiden Plate, of 20 sovs., one and a half miles, weight for age. Mr. II. Collier's b.m Basquine, 6yrs., 9st 2—l ; Mr. W.Sullivan's g.g. Birthday, 6yrs., 9st.'l —2; Birthday led for the first mile, Basquiue running second hard held. Pilot last, half a mile from home Basquine ran up to the leader, passed hiin, and came away an easy winner, never having been made gallop. Time 9 min. 3 sees. Town Plate, (handicap) of 50 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. each to go to second horse. Two miles. Mr. G. Ashcroft's ch. or rn. g. Sunbeam, a, 8st. 13—1 ; Mr. Derlin's b.g. Kaffir, 4 yrs., 6st. 8, (carried 6st. 12,) 2. This was the race of the meeting. The Witch was thought - to be a moral, but the pot boiled over, she having to content herself with third position. J.lie inree ---J --- --- - cellent start, the Witch passing the stand the first time round with a strong lead, Devereux having his work to do to hold her ; Sunbeam second, with Kaffir in close attendance. They maintained these positions to the back ol tlie course, when Kaffir passed Sunbeam and challenged the Witch; these two raced together until nearing the distance post, when Collier, who liajl been biding his time, called upon Sunbeam, who answering gamely, drew upon the leaders and gradually passed tliem, winning, to the astonishment of every one, by about three length^, the same distance dividing second and third. '1 line, 3 min. 54 sec. Handicap Hurdle Race, of 15 sovs., with a sweep of 1 sov. for second horse ; two nines, over six leaps. Mr. II. Collier's br. g. Til, aged, list. 71bs„ 1; G. Ashcroft's b. g. Pat, .5 yrs, lOst. 5lbs. (carried lOst. 13lbs.), 2. Pat feil at first jump, but was quickly re-mounted, the others getting over all right. The next two fences were safely neirotiated, lmt at the fourth fence Romeo and Black Boy both came to grief. TR was now left with the lead, Pat well up; Jack, who had been fencing beautifully, running third. At the last fence Tat again fell, rolling •^vcr his rider, who fortunately was not hart. TR, who never i"" ,lf! a mistake, now^ gradually 10 drew awav, and won with ease, oae*, passed the stand second, was dis:aiiC?d, in consequence of Mr. Black dismounting before coming to scale, and Pat placed second. Hack Race, of 10 sovs., one mile heats, winner to be sold for .£10, 10 stone up : Mr. II. Collier's b g Deception, Oil; Mr. Burcher's b g Whisker, 1 0 O. SECOND DAY, THURSDAY, APRIL 10. Ladies Purse, of 20 sovs., two miles, welter weights for age: Mr. G. Watts' b m Lancaster Witch, 4 yrs., lOst. 8lbs.. 1 ; Mr. Gifford's br g Eagle Hawk, aged, list. 7lbs., 2; Mr. J. Powell's br g Prairie Boy, 6 yrs., list. 7Ibs., 3; Mr. H. Collier's b m Basquine, 6 j'rs. This seemed such a certainty for Eagle Ilawk—it was like Lombardstreet to a china orange, and nothing else would go down with the knowing ones; but a^ain a surprise was in store, as the Witch won with comparative ease. They all got away to a fine start, the Witch being the first to show in front, Eagle Hawk next. After going a mile Eagle Hawk went to the front and kept a clear lead till within half a-mile of home, when the Witch drew upon, got on even terms with him, entering the straight, and gradually drew away, winning by about two lengths amidst tremendous cheering. Mr. Black received quite an oration on returning to scale for the able manner in which he handled the mare. Time, 4 min. 4 sec. Squatters' Purse, of 30 sovs., with a sweep of 1 sov. for second horse, three miles, weight for age : Mr. Gifford's br g Eagle Hawk, aged, 9st. 5lbs, 1 ; Mr. G. Ashcroft's h g Sunbeam, aged, 9st. 5lbs., 2; Mr. Develin's b g Kaffir, 4 yrs., 8st. Dibs., 3, Mr. J. Powell's b g Prairie Boy, 6vrs., 9st. 5lbs., 0 ; Mr. H. Collier's br "g TR, aged, 9st. 51bs., 0. This race is easily described—the Hawk took the lead at starting, and was never passed ; when two miles was traversed, Kaffir made an attempt to reach the leader, but was unable, and fell back beaten; Sunbean then tried, but was equally unsuccessful, having to content himself with second position ; Kaffir a good third. Consolation Stakes, of 15 sovs., for all horses beaten during the meeting ; one and a-half miles. Mr. M. Devlin's b g Kaffir, 4vrs., 8st., 1 ; Mr J. Powell's b g Prairie Boy, 6yrs., 7st. 71b., 2 ; Mr. W. Sullivan's g g Birthday, aged, 8st. 121l>., 3\. Kaffir had no trouble in bowling over his two opponents in this race, although he had alreadyrun a very severe race in the Squatters' Purse. The Hurry Scurry, of 5 sovs., one mile heats, catch weights, brought the sports to a close, and was won by Mr. II. Collier's b g, The Ghost, heating Pilot, Pat, Rosebud, Birthday and Quandong. 