PORT AUGUSTA RAILWAY. Subjoined is the report of the Select Com mittee on the Port Augusta Railway, which was presented on Thursday by Mr. Towns end :— ' 1. Your Committee, in the prosecution of their enquiry, have examined various witnesses, and have received documentary evidence. ' 2. The whole of the evidence goes to show that the country in the Far North is exceed ingly rich in mineral deposits, and offers a rare opportunity for the profitable investment of capital It is in evidence that one mine alone (the Blinman) is supporting a population of fifteen hundred (1,500) persons, and that, if facilities of transit were offered, there are many mines of equal, and even superior value, that could be immediately and profitably worked. ' 3. From the evidence adduced it is shown that during the late drought, there being no means of conveying provisions into the Far North, many of the runs were abandoned, causing serious loss to the squatters; whereas, had there been means of forwarding supplies, the stock would have been saved, and the country occupied. ' 4. Your Committee consider it is of great importance that a railway from Port Augusta to the Far North, should be constructed; and although they cannot recommend any exten sion of the guarantee provided in Act No. 22 of IS67, they would recommend, as an alterna tive, that the right to select a certain area of mineral or other country should bo offered to capitalists, on condition of their constructing such railway for a distance of at least 200 miles north of Port Augusta, within say five years from the date of their acceptance of such offer. ' W. Towssesd, Chairman. ' Committee-room, Nov. 30, 1S69.' Another Crisis Motion.— It is understood that a motion of no confidence is to be tabled against the Ministry without delay. Both sides have been diligently numbering and arraying their forces, and it is to be presumed that this will be the final encounter of the session. It is not positively known who is to be the mover; but probably something more will be heard on the subject this afternoon. The opposing forces are said to be pretty evenly balanced. Thk Speaker's Dinser.— The usual dinner given by the Speaker to members of the Assembly took place on Thursday evening. This event is usually considered a prelude to the end of the session; but it is impossible to assign to it that position this year. The Gulnare, for Port Darwin.— The Gulnare left the wharf shortly before 5 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, in tow of the Young Australian. The President of the Marine Board accompanied her to the anchorage. In conse quence of the late retrenchment policy the Harbour-Master superseded the pilot, and con ducted the vessel to the roadstead, where an additional mail was shipped shortly after the 6 o'clock train, and the schooner immediately started. The Police Force.— We are requested to direct attention to an advertisement calling a meeting of the late members of the Police Force this morning at 10 o'clock at the Criterian HoteL Botanic Garden.— The Concordia Band will perform in the Botanic Garden this afternoon for the fifth time. An excellent programme has been arrantred. London Missionary Society.— A sale o useful and fancy articles in connection with the North Adelaide Juvenile Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society was held in the Temperance Hall, Tynte-street, North Adelaide, on Thurs day, December 2. Through the weather being fine the attendance was very good, numbering during the afternoon and evening between 200 and 300 visitors. The goods were tastefully displayed at stalls ranged round the interior in the form of a horseshoe. The articles were contributed by the members of the Society and their friends, and comprised a multifarious assortment of wares, combining the useful with the ornamental. One of the chief features of the exhibition was a well-lined Christmas tree, presided over by Miss Warren. The various stalls were under the management of thp Misses L. Newman, A. Beaney, Kagless, S. Phillips, Kekwick, G. Kekwick, Mathews, and E. Harcus. The diminution of the display at the close in dicated that the proceeds must have been satisfactory. The Association, we understand, is composed wholly of the children belonging to the North Adelaide Congregational Church Sunday-school, numbering nearly 400, and the President is Mr. F. F. Boys. This is the first public demonstration by which they have appealed for support in then- laudable under taking. The sale will be continued this after nooti, and in the evening music and recitations will lend additional attractiveness to the occasion. Velocipedes for Police.— From Salisbury our correspondent writes that the proposal to withdraw the trooper stationed there is much objected to, and that a foot policeman in so wide-spread a district would, unless supplied with a velocipede, be useless. Northern TerritoryTroopers.— The police troopers whose names have already appeared left Adelaide on Thursday by the 1.40 p.m. train, to go on board the Gulnare for Port Darwin. Sflejjdid Change is the Darling Weather. — Our Wilcannia letter of November 25 says:— 'The weather on the Darling up to Saturday, November 20, had been fearfully hot and oppressive — the thermometer often as liigh as 114° in the shade, and the nights almost as hot as the days; everything parclied and dried up, and l-oth animal and vegetable life gasping to retain vitality in this arid country. Our suffer ings for a time were terminated on the morning of the 20th by about eight hours' of delightful and welcome rain, which soaked well into the baked and burning soil, filled up the watcrholes and claypans, and set the creeks running. On Sunday and Monday we had some showers, and the weather kept cold and cloudy. On Tuesday we had one of the heaviest thunderstorms, for about on hour, that I have seen on the Darling during six years, for in less than an hour after wards the river had risen nearly a foot, and if ithas rained in the Upper River in proportion I have some hopes of a rise sufficient to bring the Kennedy and Moolgewanke down, and enable the considerable quantity of wool now locked up here to reach a market. Rain on the Darling at this season will be of incalculable benefit to our squatters, many of whose runs were getting very destitute of water and feed for their afyw»lr ' from yesterasy g evening Journal. \ Civil Service Club. — The usual anniversary dinner was held on Tuesday evening at the new Club House, King William-street. His Excel lency the Governor, the Patron of the Club, was present on the occasion. The Late Mayor of Port Adelaidb.— A movement is in progress in the Port for a dinner to Mr. J. M. Sinclair, who has occupied the position of Mayor of that Corporation for the post three years. . Several of the most influential ratepayers are taking an active part in the movement, which appears likely to be heartily responded to. The South-eastern Mail.— The South Eastern mail, which ought to have arrived on Wednesday evening, did not reach its destina tion till 3 o'clock on Thursday morning, in con sequence of its having been detained at Penola for the mail from Melbourne. Fatal Accident.— The name of the person who was recently killed at Lake St. Clair, near Robe, should have been given as John Patrick Pyne, not Daniel Pine. Darling Risino at Bourke.— There have been heavy rains about Bourke, and when the mail reached Wilcannia the newa was received there that a three feet rise was coming down the river. 'At Wilcannia before this the river had risen a foot. District of Victoria. — The Returning OflBcer Mr. G. B. Scott, S.M., and Mr. W. P. Walker, Revising Officer, held a Revision Court on the 27th November at Robe Court-House. Sub joined are the figures :— Number previously on Legislative Council roll, 997; added, 8; present number, 1,005. Number previously on House of Assembly roll, 2,089; added, /0; present number, 2,159. False Charge.— At the Supreme Court on Tuesday John Buffer, who was convicted of embezzlement, gave as his reason for suddenly leaving his master's service that he discovered that it was Mr.'Dunstan's practice to ' hollow' bis loads of wood, so as to make 7 cwt. look like 14, and his sensitiveness doubtless would not allow him to connive at such a practice. His Honor, in passing sentence, remarked that the prisoner 'had not commended himself to him by the defence he had set up, and to be satisfied that it was correct he should require a little stronger testimony. If it was true he might have discharged his duty to the public a little earlier. He then sentenced him to six calendar months with hard labour.' Few if any will require to be told that there is not the ghost of any evidence in support of Huffer's slanderous statement, and a testimonial to Mr. Dunstan's integrity, given in another column, signed among others by some who have ?lealt with him from eight to 10 years, effectually demolishes the foul insinuation. Scoured Wool. — We have received from Messrs. Chesterman, per favour of Captain Walker, of the Prince Alfred steamer, a sample of scoured ewe's wool, from sheep belonging to the Hon. J. Crozier. It is an excellent sample, the staple being long and firm, and the wool itself beautifully soft and elastic. In preparing it neither soap nor soda has been employed which will explain sufficiently its freedom from the harsh crisp feeling which the plentiful use of the latter ingredient produces. 