* iiLcellaeous Extratcts. A wife in Milwaukie, a few days since sus pecting her husband of infidelity, concluded on being told by her liege that he meditated a visit to- Chicago, to keep an eye on him. Accordingly on his leaving home, she fol lowed him clhsely to the depot, when lo ! a young lady took his arm very lovingly and accompanied him into the sleeping car. This was too much--her heart leaped within her, and she determined on red hot and immediate revenge. On learning that they had taken the same berth, ehe waited till the curtains were closed, and the couple behind them had time to fall asleep, when she rushed in, tore .the curtains aside, scratched the face tof the young woman, tore a handfull of whiskers from the face of the young man, and raised the deuce generally. The occupants of the. berth shouted 'Murder.' The woman called out, 'Oh you wicked brutes, I've caught you at last !' The passengers ran to the scene of conflict, when it was discovered that the brute of a man was not her husband, but a St. Paul gentleman returning East front a bridal trip inrcompany with his wife I The ' unpleasantness' was brought toi an end, and the victim of the jealousy stopped at the next station for a return train to Milwaukie. CoM.ronTs Foa TIE DEAD.-We are ill formed by the Inrgletooal Advertiser that on Sunday a singular ceremony was performed ait Welderburn in the Chinese burial ground. According t?, the statemlent- of a Chinutan who lives shine twenty miles from Inglewood, one night last week he was visited by the spirit of a countrymsan, who has been some time gone. to the ' flowery land,' and infiormed that the s.id spirit felt the effects of the:late 'frost in his damp grave, aind that lie needed several ' creature comfollrts.' John illmme diately came into town, lurchased a suit of 'clothes, not even omnisting a sutstantial flan nel. These Ihe took to, the grave of the cold ghost, stretched them out nitely on it, rind then set them on fire. lie iafterwards ipoured the contenis of a bottle of lltiunessy's best 'battle-axc' over it, placed sotne pipe-liglhts and a post at each corner of the grave, to each of which was tied a letter addressedl to the 'dear departed.'' When asked why he did not leave a pipe aind opium to be used ,with the pip;elights, John replied very reverently, ' Got him too scuchy dwns behlow,' (piinting to the grave), and then quietly made his exit. The fact was witnessed by several Europeans, and it is'the second similar occurrentce within a monthl. . -A GooD ReasoN.- 'What are you heating thiat boy fl'r f 'asked gentlemat n of a; youngrr ruffian, who was nunmelliug a smnill lad. "Ka'se,' was the reply, , he's the feller that ithrowisd a taunr through our willler, and Ikit i saheller n tihe elber, as she wiat il;ryit ui Ithe "? . ar, MISERIES O1 A BACHELOR'S LIFv.-- Por felliow ! he returns to his lodging-I will not say to his 'home.' There may be everything he can possibly desire, in the shape of mere external comforts, provided for him by the official zeal of his housekeeper ; but still the room has an air of chilling vacancy ; the very atmosphere of the apartment has a din, unin babited appearance-the chairs set round with provoking neatness, look reproachfully useless and unoccupied; and the tables and other furniture shine with impertinent and futile brightness. All is dreary and repelling. No gentle face welcomes his arrival, no loving hands meet his, no kind looks answer the list less gaze he throws round the apartment. He sits down to a book--alone; there is no one sitting by his side, to enjoy with him the fa vourite passage, the apt remark, the just criticism ; no eyes in which to read his own feelings; his own tastes are unappreciated and unreflected; he has no resource but hinmself ; all his happiness must emanate from himself. He flings down the volume in despair, hides his face in his hands, and sighs aloud, Oh, my misery I ExPERIMENTS WrIT CARBoLmC Acm - Some experiments instituted in India by the professor of surgery in the Medical College at Bengal, serve to show that the application of carbolic acid to the walls and timbers of a house, and to the apertures by which an en try to a house can be effected, has a most bene ficial effect in keeping snakes at a distance. As this acid possesses the property of coag.u lating the venom of serpents, it is hoped, though not yet proved, that it -will be found an efficient remedy for snake-bites: One ex periment made by Mr. Payrer, is worth quot ing. He says :-" I put a few drops of car bolic acid into the mouth of a very large and vigorous cobra, and it seemed to produce almost immediate effect. The snake struggled violently, opened and closed the mouth, went rapidly into a state of convulsion, as evinced by a series of spasdmntic peristaltic waves of the whole length of the body. In less than five minutes, it was evidenttly powerless for evil, and unable to strike or even move from the spot, Put was frequently convulsed. The convulsed movements continued getting fainter, and did not entirely cease for twenty minutes, when it was quite dead. The cobra was over 4ft. Gin. in length, peculiarly active and vicious." QUARTETTES AND PORK CHops.-An honest farmer was invited to attend a party at the village squire's one evening, when there was music, both vocal and instrumental. On the following mornting, he met one of the guests, who said, ' Well, farmer, how did you enjoy yourself last night I Were not the quartettes excellentl' ' Why, really, sir, . can't say,' said he, ' for I didn't taste 'em; but the pork chops were the finest I ever ate.' ' Can you draw, young man I' enquired Quil)p of an applicant for private tutorship. ' Certainly,' replied the candidate. At ten years of age I could draw beer; at twelve, a picture; at fifteen, a truck loaded with cab. bages; at sixteen, an inference ; at twenty, a bill of exchange. If I were an actor, I be lieve I mould draw the largest kind of a house; but being a teacher, I am content to draw a salary, and the bigger the' better.' You'll do,' said Quilp. The sexton in a large town was compelled to dig the graves of all the parish poor who died for a very satall sum per grave, which le did not cnsider sufficient. One afternoon he had to dig fdur or five graves, and was much out of temper. The parish doctor happened to pass, so he left his work and went up to him, and touching his hat, said, ` You're getting through them paupers quick, sir.' A DurciatAN's INsustANc.-We are in-. debted to a correspondent for the following: \--" Dutchlman owned a small house, which Ihe insured for eight hundred pounds. The house was burnt down, an; d the Dutchman claimed the full amount ; but the officers of the companuy refused to pay muore than its actual value-about six hundred pounds. ' If you wish it,' said the actuary, ' we will build you a house larger and better than the one bunrlt down, as it can be done for even less tlhan six hundred pounds.' The Dutch iman olbjected, but at last was compelled to take the six hundred pounds. Some weeks afterwards he was called ulpon by the same agent, with wanted him to take out a policy' of life insurlnce on himself or on his wife. ' If you insure your wife's life for £2000,' the agent: said. ' and she should die, you would have the surn to salame your heart.' ' No, no !' exclhiuimed the I)utchm:n ; ' you suranee fellows ish all tiefs ! If I entire mty vife, and, Imy vife dies, and. if I goes to get my two thousand pounds, you will say to me: She wasn't worth two thousand pounds; she was vcrth about six hundred-; if yur d6n't like' de six hundred ponds, we vill give you a bigger uand better vife' !"-- European Mail..: An ill-bred man is said to be like lightsiing hedues not know how to ,ond?uct himlelf. 