\- NEWS J3Y THE .MAIL. .i (From the'Home papers.) . , DR. CUMMIN© AND TUH CECUME- . NIOAL., COUNCIL. Dr. Cumnnng nas aloady. maao it Known that ho moans to attend the/ Pope's Council, at least if he oun get a safe conduct, for it seems . from a letter lie has addressed to the Times that his' presence 'at Rome depends in somo measure. upon- his beiug nssured:that Tio will not' he ' dealt with as- John- H usswas. How. the-doetor wrote to Archbishop Mannnig and how the .'Archbishop sent him 'a courteous reply and a copy of one of his'books, has been, some time a mutter of history, but it was net previously -known that Dr. Camming had "addressed ; tho Pope himself in the ttooustomcd ecclesiastical Latin and form.,, The following is a translation of the lottcr : — " Holy Father,' , — Yon have been pleased to invite to the (Ecumenical Council tho. Protestants and others who urc divided and separated from tho Ohuroli of Rome. Wo aro heartily grateful for the invitation, "nnd ore earnestly desirous to bo present in the council; / During tho courso of the . year T have sent many letters to the Most RovcrendJDr. Manning, in order to get information as to tho extent to which liberty _ of-speakjng-will-bc-graoted to us. The most rcvcrotidand learned dootor, with much oour- tesy, replied to run nn this paint in these, words ' I am unable to give you any answer as to tho modo of 'prooceding. The supreme authority alone can furnish you with that.' For this reason, Holy Father, I earnostly boseech you to be pleased to inform me'whotber, in tho approaching, council, wo shall be allowed tho liberty of speaking, and bringing forward the reasons for which we Protestants are separated i . from the Church of Rome.— I am yonr Holi- ncss's obedient servant, John Gumming, D.D., Presbyter of tho Scotch Church." .The Holy Father has not yet replied, but in case bis reply is of a favorahlo character Dr.' Cumming does not doubt that ho will get it in time to bo -at Rome for the opouiog of the council. "I am persuaded," he says to the Times, " that if you send, as you no doubt ' will, a reporter to tho successive meetings of the council, ho will not be ablo to report any language used by me or the others inconsistent with the courtesy we owe or the respoot we feel to the Sovereign Pontiff and the assembled prelates." Tub Lord Byron Affair. — English society lias been not a little excited by the appearance -. t.Tpaper in-.VriCTnt'/iari's Magazine llnVmonlh,' by Mrs. Beecher Stowo, called " The true story of Lady Byron's life. " It seems that whilo Mrs. Stowe was in England, Lady Byron -confided to her the reasons for separating from XOrd Byron, leaving it tuber discretion to rovcal -tho horrible secret which she herself had )bept with such forbearance and nobleness of soul.- The publication of a memoir of Byron by the Countess. 'Gaiccioli, his mistress, in which Lady Byron is charged with having been the cause of nil her husband's errors, seemed to Mrs. Stowe to demand the rcvelatiun which she has now made. Briefly, the story — is .-that Byron had formed -an incestuous con- nection with his half-sister Augusta, which Lady Byron voinly endeavored to induce him to break off, and which Bhe refused to sanction by continuing to live with her. Sho consulted Dr. Samuel Romilly and Dr. Lushingtan, bath of whom declared that it was her duty to leave him. . Dr. Lushington is still living, and from him some, confirmation or-contradiclion of tho ' story is now. eagerly looked for, for there are not wanting 1 those who assert that tho whole — was a hallucination upon "the part of " Lady Byron. Mre-Stowe has rondo Bome, blunders in dates,. but Chesa do not invalidate her main facts. The Boat Race.— The -event' of the week. has been' the International .IloHt Haee, -whioh came off on Friday, the 27th August, at 5 o'clock. Harvard was not as good as we thought. Tho conditions wero most favorable : — splendid weather and a clear course— but with all those advantoges tho Americans made no more than a good face of it. — Hnrvardr whioh.had.the advuntago of the station on tho Middlesex Bhorc, made tho better start, and, rowing a vory rapid stroke, took a manifest lead. . Thoy- wero well in advance as thoy passed under Hammersmith Bridge, but here their antagonists began to close upon them. . The struggle was now very exciting ; for about hnlf a mile atiovo tho bridge the boats wore .nearly level ; but opposite Barnes Church the 'Oxonians had worked themselves to the front, .arid tbo;e<>nt<-st was virtually over. Harvard, iiidoed, rowed at this point wildly, and it seemed -likely that they would lose by a longdistance. i stvtiuibu, nunuver, "gain, etjti rowed TckHy—to-tlie-«nd— finishing thrce or four \--1 MongtHs behind the winners. Oxford won by weight '(tliey uvoraged twenty-six pounds more than their antagonists) and by a Bteady strobe which Dover flagged or changed. The Harvard boat was badly steered, and their time was _ defectivOy No. 2 always dipping his oar before stroke. ' The race was rowed in 22 win. 17 see., a good .tjrae for a. four-oar. It is reported in every direction that the Harvard crew, trained on milk, vegetables and fruit, and great stir- . prise is expressed .that they shcffird'fnive been so nearly successful. Their victory certainly would havo been a triumph for the teetotalers and thO( vegotariana; but, after all, we seo litile-ground for amazement.. Half mankind wallows neither alcohol nor meat. A Turkish hamal would take an English porter and his load on his shoulders and walk away comfort ably, ami ho never- drinks anything stronger than eufleo, while a Highland keeper, "bred on milk and oatmeal, will walk most other men down. Meat is good nnd alcliol is good, hut there is little iii moat that does not exist in milk, and alcohol . is only good as a whip, enubling the taker , to crowd twenty, minutes' .work into ten. We leave the Lancet to dccido_ the poiot, bat we see no real reason why & , broad- eater should oot do alt . the work of a .flefili-cater and sufTcr less. The real point is, witirtlievege tariao7s ' "with" the : teetotaler," whether ' he gains enough to repay him for giving up a justifiable pleasure, lii a world which has so few justifiable pleasures to offer. — Spectator,- ; : — : An Englishman named Jnnckon has been nearly '.murdered at.Lorca, Spain, by a mob. Ho mot a . woman with a child whilo he wae walking about, and bid hor good evening according to tho cus- 'Inin of the country, when sho raiBod.a cry of alarm, nnd the mob assembled and nearly killed him with stones. . Tho people suspected Jencken -of " Oatohinp nnd hutchorIng-yniinghi1,1rAn.f» tho pnrnuso of using the fat of their cntrailB to gronac tho telegraph "wires." Tonokop is a lawyer, nnd perhaps luwyors urunut wanted atLorcn. Tits Land Question/In Ireland.— The Times' Commissioner in Ireland hfia yontribnled'a most remarkable fact to tho disbiiasion on Irish tenure. Mr.-Bianconi, tho great car proprietor, bought in 1855 two lots of land io rbrtarltngtou. Tho lands yielded £305 a yonr, but wero occupied by n " iftr.y begsnrly population of tonants-nt-wi)," who wero often in arronr' with thuir ront. Mr. Biabconi raised their roots moro than '50 .per cent., to £-173 a year; but granted tho people leases for 31 yoars-. Tho ronth&s; been regularly pnid and though ; tho landlord has oxpended uothing except in 'repairing farmsteads, "tho .tenantry are now a 'contented yeomanry." This isMr.-Bjjtncooi's own statement as landlord, and sooms to us conclusive ; yet.if we wero to apply tho saiRO principle to all Ireland, giving a tbirty- year Bettlemont-tb-ftil-tehants who would pay a nigh rent to tho day, tho landlords woujd declare thoy bad been plundered. Tho commissioner is in Tipporary, and describes, the labourers thoro ns fairly .well off;- but the farmers arc almost, all tonnritsiat-will, while at the somo time, with some modern exceptions, " all; .that has boon done for tho improvement of tho land has boon tho work of tho occupiers, not of thb'uwuers." Instances of injustice tiro not numerous, but are sufficient to spread a fear of- possible wrong and oppression among tho whole class, who, consequently com bine to defend themselves;' Tho commissioner doos hot doubt that it' would Jjo vory dangerous to mako evictions, cxcopt Tor non-payment of root. . We do hope ho will give us some oloar_in-_ formation upon this point, upon which uo two Irishmen over agree. , Does tho Irish tenant con sider eviction for. failure to .'pay ront just? To -asoertain-thakolearly-muafc-be-tbe-firatrstep in any- reform. Tho German Governments aro evidently seri ously moved by the projects imputed to the l'opo. Thoy believo that the (Ecumenical Council will modify iho Syllabus so as to refuse to tho State all control ovor the Catholic clorgy. So grave is this danger cotisidcrcd, that the Bavarian Govern ment has entered into a league with the Prussian to resist aoy iooovation iu this sense, and Prince . Iloltculohc is furiously -attacked in Rome as a traitor to Catholicism. It is affirmed scroi-officially that tho league covers all Germany, and that tho Govcromeut8 aro determined uot to rcccdo one step. According to tho Roman correspondent of the Kreuz Zeitung , it has been finally decided to proclaim -the personal infallibility of tho-Popc and tho bodily assumption of tho Virgin. To the second dogma tho Governments make no objec tion, but thoy dread, and will, we imagine, secretly resist, tho first. An infallible priest might au thorize resist&oce-to; a civil law. A new Roman. Catholic Church has been conse crated at Holloway, which - is of moro than ordi nary interest, inasmuch as Archbishop Manning, who, at tho close of the ceremonies, alluded to the change of public . opinion with regard to the Roman . Catholic .religion, and argued that the .GUrranUoLpublio-feeliog--showod-R-teudoncy40: Roman Catholic ideas and Roman Cattiolio prac" ticcs, and a'gradual uprising in favor of unity of faith, wbioh would ultimately bring this country under the sway of the Roman Catholic Church. Cardinal Cullek and the National System. —Cardinal Cullcn, flushed with tho victory over tho Church of-Ireland, for which conquest ho has ordered publio thanksgiving in Dublin, on threo days in the middle of next month, has proceeded to a new act of domination. Ho has denounced tho National ' schools, not sparing, to use volgar phrases in doing so, 'and bo has announced that hu will deny tho sacraments of his own Church to those who Bend their ohildron to the Govern ment places of. education. The arrogance is offensive, and it is not .impossible that Dr. Cullcn may be found to have gone rnthcr too far, fer when Parliament creates Institutions, and a priest menaces with curses those who desiro to avail thomselves of -them, it may be a quostion whether the nation will not expect Parliament to protcot 'those whom it invites. The Irish Episcopal Church. — Tho Irish; Episcopalians are rallying in caroost for tho re- endowmcnt of their Church, by moans of volun taryism, and large subscriptions aro being raised —one gentleman has already given £10,000. The prelates at present ;are not doing much boyond rccomtncndiog prayor, -which !b of' course per fectly" proper ; but tho'I&ity; arc calling upon them to work ae well as pray, and to take immediate steps for getting together a Synod which may choose the governing body. prescribed by tbo.dis- .establishing Act.— — - . — — : — — Agrarian Outrage in Ireland.— A farmer, named Hunter, was shot dead on August 30, nonr his own house, while driving on his car. The assassin lodged two pistol bullets in his head. Huoterls said to have given offence by levying a decree on a tenant. Two arrests havo been madeon'Supiciofn An inquest was held on the body on August 31, whoa the jury found that tho deceased came to his death by being wilfully murdered by a gunshot wound. .The prisoners wero remanded. The remains of thp deceased were interred In the Newport Presbyterian bury- ing-grouud, and woro followed to the grave by a long lino of cars and other vehicles. 'Tho magis trates have hold a mooting, Sir Gcorgo O'Donel presiding, and commenced a reward fund. A few minutes after Mr. Hunter was shot, and within 300 yards of the same spot, Francis P. Vaughan, son of Colonel Vaughan, was fired at and escaped uninjured. - Attempt to Assassinate a CiiBBGVMAn. — An occurrence, unique of its kind, is reported from .Berlin.-The Roy. H. Hcinrici, Lutheran minister, was reading the Creed in tbo;Cathcdral, and had reached the words, " I boliovo in God the Father, God tho Son, nnd God. the Holy Ghost," whoa n voice was heard to say "You Ho 1" and a shot wqb Grcri at tho clergyman, which, bowovor, missed him, and only grazed a littlo boy of the choir, who, like aa thorough Prussian, went on with hia singing unmoved. The shot was fired uy a roan named uuanu, rj years old, wno, when arrested, said that he had boon bred to the minis try, but bad seen tho folsehood uf Christianity, had wearied of the. lying- ho-8aw-aU aroundrlind- corao to tho conclusion that somo striking deed was necessary to wake tbo publio mind, aud thought the most striking would bo " to shoot a clergymnn while in tho act of uttering his ac cursed porjurieB." Tho Berlin correspondent of the Times, who forwards this confessioo, says that three-fourths of tho Prussian people agree with Bi- land in his view of Christianity. .Su rooted is their contempt for dogma, that they do not remonstrate against the teaching of the Catechism, confident that their children will repudiato it all boforo they are fifteen. S'r Bnrtle Frero, in a paper on " Geography" read boforo tbo British Association on Saturday, madoa suggestion whioh, so far as wo can remember, is new, and will have results. People discussed the prudence of making a road from _I n d i o_to_W.es te rn_0 b i natoo much as a matter of finance. Ho thinks that if made, a portion of the. overflowing population of China woutd instantly pour into Assam and Pegu, whore, wo have„vast. "territories wanting onlypnpulation. That is true, for it haa happened in Sinm, and such an immi gration would enormously increase both _our revonuo nnd our security. . Regiments of'Cli'ineae Sepoys would just counterbalance regiments of IlindoBtanees. But has Sir Bartle considered! what, when we have filled up theso grent valleys,; iB to bccomo of tho yearly increasing number of 'Bongalccs? They are multiplying UU half our socfal difficulties arise from iho competition for farms, and thu only outlet for thorn is tho reglou the Chinese aroto 'tako. Thoy can press woRt- ward, to b'dsuro into tho junglo, but they will. -vory-&oon-fi;)l-th&t-upf; ; In Amorica an artist recently painted a winter scuno so truo to nature, that a child which ulopt near it was nearly frozob lo death, r-- ; SKnious. charge against a Church o . Eng land-Clergyman. —With recard'tb tho ihargo against Bishop_Twells,_thft_«<i/flLifcro/<? lays— A criminal warrant has been issued by th Clerk of the! Peace for tho apprehension of the fishop of tho English Church hero, charged, on t' o oath of Lewis Beck and others, with tiie commi aion uf tho unnatural crime termed pudernstj. For obvious reasons, all comment must bo. dforrcd. Wo can only mid that our small commun ty has for some days past boen intensely horrifl d ; all society has been stirrod to its depths, at 1 faith shaken in human nature and mnnkittd geierally. Another journal, pointed in tbo Orango Frc i State observes, in reforoncorto this matter, wd would this week merely nek .our renders to suspfnd for the present their judgment with reforoncejto the painful, disgusting, and most extraordiuiry dis closures alleged to havo been mado regarding Bishop Twells. As . last week stated by jjs, we, for obvious reasons, can just now say but lfttlo on the subject but no iunn, much loss the Bishop of a Church, is to. bu cohdomuod unheard. Wo havo not seen tbo depositions, but some,! whoso judgment may bo. relied upon, aftor ctrefutly perusing the snmei, declare most positively that the very grave charge for which tho Clern of tho Poaco. issued tho warrant, is certainly botho out by tho evidence. Tho Bishop was at tho time of takiug the depositions, and still is, absent on a longtliened visitation tour, prid as consequently has as yet had no opportunity of meetibs the- charges with a. flat denial ..or otherwise, .jwodo not' defend Iho Bishop, wojiierely ask pcoj>Io to suspend their judgment tilt both sides bniro jboen heard. Thoiuost monstrous undun warrant ablo -falsehoodiMtfcUnow-iti-oironlAiiou-regaFding-the- Hcad of the Brotherhood at Moddorpoort,' nud other members of the Church MissioD—inali- cicus statement's resting on no foundation whatever TheHond or Superior ofthoBrothcihood was never in the Crimea, ns all»;ged, nnd was never out of Great Britain (England aud Scotluud) — except on oca short visit to Paris — till ' he bailed for tho Crpe. Nothing in any shiipo or form afieoting the credit or reputation-; ot any member of 'tho Brotherhood has »s yet been brought forward, much less substantiated in n Court of law. Thus much we havo been authorised and requested to say. Tito churchwardens hero sout off an express to tho Bishop, to inform him of tho grave accusa tions laid to his charge, and called upon Urn to return without delay to Bloomfoutoin, to dear ' himself of those charges; but this express, it has boon ascertained, could not possibly huvcjbeou received onriier thuu Friday, July 16th ; conse quently, tho result is unknown. Tho aqimus 'displayed by thnso who nppear to gloat and exult over the fail of one who has hitherto filled a.high place io the Church nnd tho world, appears to uh something positively demoniacal, — worthy only of accursed spirits from the bottomless pit. ! Chained up for Sixty Years. — A shocking caso of cruelty to a luuatic has just come to flight Jn -Leicestershire.-- Inconscqucnco of certain- information, a gentleman sent by tho Commis sioners of Lunacy, accompanied by Mr. J. Buck, msdical officer of tho Leicestershire nnd Rutland Lnnatiu Asylum, several magistrates, nnd a police superintendent; Visited'a lodge house in the parish of Sbeepshed, near Loughborough, occupied' by a 8Tcall farmer named Henry Black. There a shocking spectacle wnrevc&led; to them. A;poor demented creature, 71 yonrs old, with hir hands fastened in front of (urn by handcuffs, and his feet oncirclcd by manacles. occupied a small apnrtriient, being chained to tha wall of tho room. From the keeper Black it was elicited . that tho wretched prisoner's name was Bagloy Wild, a relative of the Into Mr. Wild, J.IN, of Costock, Notts. He had been under Black's care for 30 years aud 'pre- v'ously in another man's custody for a like period. Djrlng the whole of this time he had beon kept chained up in jhu muoncf described. Black1 has bcon rccoiviog£l a week for bis charge, nud it is only, fair to. state he was found well nourished, healthy,1 snil1 clean.' Ho ivas never; it seems, relieved from his chains, asleep or awake. Wien taking his meals ho whs fasUmed to a chair, and when ho retired to bed at might he was fastened by the chains to the bed, while.- thu handcuffs encircled his wrists. He has now bocn renewed to tho Leicestershire and Rutland Luuatic Asylum. — Colonial Press, | Members of Varliamont are already disciiFSing the measures. likely to bo introduced -by Govern ment during next session. There- is the Liiid Bill " which Government in attentively studyioe," andHwHich-will_lisAlisfactor'dy!I-solvo-that|pro- btom ; the rraturalization ; the Patent Law tho law of trades' unions, education, the gamdhw, and oiaoy other sulflects, npoii wliich legisln'ion is bocoming imperative. It is also stated tint a reform of tho House of Lords will-sooner or'luicr become imperative. - — " A Frencii Mehalmance.— GfbnFand perp'ex- ing hesitation bos been brought about at tho Tuilcries by tho nnhounoement of the marriage of Prince Pierre Bunapnrto. The motive. is mblo in tbo extreme, tho bride choscnjbyAMnco Pidrro. being tbe mother of bis. children, and for the sako of legitimising thorn 'has ho. "risked tlio dis pleasure of his imperial relatives. ' The Prinsoss Pierre Bonapnrto is a young workwoman of the Faubourg St. Antoino, whoso peculiar grd'ce Ii> holding tho Prince's Imrso whilo hor father Hdjustad- the girths of the saddle, which had got out of. order ono day on bi& return -fronrthe- races lit Vincennes, nt once laid tho axo.to theroot. of all prejudico concerning the cxclusivo .'possession of dislinction by arisiucrutic birth' aiono wliich might have existed in tho bosom of Prince Pieiro, wbo jcontinued._'his.visit8_unUl,.baving-beon for some years mistress of the prince's, heart, the workmnn's daughter has atjaat become mistress of his fortune likewise,, and tho Imperial couple have arrived in I'uris to ubtain tho ncknowledg- meat of their claim n» of the . blood Imperial, the occasion oi mo loui August always bemg seized upoo for presontatioo of petitions on the ono h and nnd'tbo granting of favours on the other. Tho Emperor is said to bo ready to receive tbo saddler's daughter with open arms, but tbo Empress objocts on many scores; sho will not. "risk'rthoTecoptlon of this plrblnn element nt tho grand cercmonluls to he held before her departure for Egypt. - The Edinburgh Chronicle is responsible for tho following peculiar story A young lady, whoso same, on account of Iter respectable connections, wo forbear to hint at, lAtcly-cnllod-upon n milliner in Edinburgh, and buving made somo trifling pur chase, was about to depart, when ono of the assistants whispered to her mistrdss that sho had observed " tho lady" socrote a valuable l»co collar. Tho milliner instantly charged her customer with theft. She denied it, and the milliner insisted on her being searched, when the missing article was discovered in hor muff. "Now, madamo," sold tho milliner, "you have been guilty of a most disgraceful act, and 1 am determined you. shallliot go unpunished. I give you the choice of two things — elthor I will have you given up to the police, or you must submit to a sound whipping." After many vain Attempts to modify tho anger of the dreBsmaker,-the fair thief-nt laetr consented' to' the latter alternative. A servant having boon despatcbed-for a pair of taws, -with which she quickly retumod, and all obstacles having been removed, the milliner proceeded to administer tbo well-merited punishment; which she did with a heart and will,. In tho presence and much to tho entertainment of the assembled workwotnon,- who in turn, took the taws. All parties being tired with tho oxerciser the lady, .whose complexion was considerably heightened, was permitted to withdraw, aud.'stenning into tho cab in whioh she hud come (tho cuBnion of which , we dare say, she fonnfl by no roeanH too- soft), was driven hnmn, liaviog got a lesson, which we hope she will uot soon forget, and which no drnibt, will operate as u warning Lo those " ladles" who cannot diutiu- g'uisliod botweon mcu.m and (num. 