A BREAKFAST WITH SEA-LIONS. (Correspondent of;the Of all the lions of San Francisco the most unique are the sea-lions. This morning a partv nf friends and my8elf rod e out to breakfast with them; and if they did not join in the banket at least countenanced it. * an exceedingly sharp hlTl pas^ up Basts, which are chiefly of wood, and hav e\ r * X sant gardens. After the cobble stone/ 0f the e old business thoroughfares and ir- , ^ e n t oit^/JL e nl i e behind, the blowing sands grew trying to the mn.L •,.„ ' j" —— «««o sn Srtbfc V7 ' > t "' t * e ^ ing w their a ™ nakedness fL. ° f the more y arde and " more cover- and 6 E ranci8B ° ^ ™he most picturesque of all onr large cities. The view of the water and the shipping, from h u n S Pa8t fn^f''!- n p e r b - 'aw outskirts part l.one Mountain cemetery, where sleep Broderick and Baker and Starr King, we reached a splendid macadamized turnpike, and our horses flew like the wind The pace into which the noble ^imal ZnTfl V 111 - t h h T h facing climate wo7i Henr^B^? ^ would set WnngIng hiB handB and Ws hTir * faring Rising to the crest of the last hill, we looked" Pa-fie, it. (rreeneipame flecked with snowy foam. I wonder how often at fte Cliff t fJ£fr tert , edge we st °P House ° W P lea 8ant frame ' L J building with a Eflt° ree " B u ed ? ^binffafar, and deep" hospitable porches m front and rea^- The Cliff from f r -f 0 r t -- run constant^ from I the city-eight milec—and private ^ d " ly > ^times choosing moonlights nights but generally breakfasting here that lunous Ihe gentlemen of our party all wear overcoats, but arrive so chilled that the wal minutes, lhen from the rear perch we eaze out eagerly upon the Pacific. To the nZf Ys the entrance to San Fraicisco Bay, ~ its romantic name and with, its vet romantic history. Further, and just more b»- lies l w <fm eaCh ° f ™ ion - Drake's Bay, captain by for months and ^ never navigator found amf the golden gate To the north-westrise the Farallones which supply San Francisco with the eggs of }'ITfS™ [°°! lsh ©""Ilemot a nutritive but unpalatable substitute for hen's eggs. Straight before us, to the west, stretches the great OcLi with its new currents of commerce, its newpaths of empire. How the thoughts crowd upon one as his straining eyes try to pierce the hori- . Sandwich islands-Japan—China— India! The beginning of a new era, which links us to dusky nations living in strange countries worshipping strange gods, and writing strange characters from left to right.'" But we leave speculation about the distant and the infinite to study the wonder which lies at our feet. A few yards from the porch are the famous Seal Eocks, two'or three huge granite piles strerked with white from pelican deposits, and washed and worn by the waves into picturesque shapes, with a curious arch piercing the top of one. Here, during the summer months, these sea-lions or seals congreeate as thev do nowhere else in the Pacific. On other coasts, especiilly on^he North Pacific, some of them climb ledges, bat these isolated rocks washed on every side by the sea, are their pet resort. A wholesome State law forbids the killine of them ; so their numbers do not diminish, and they are likely to remain permanently the great curiosity of the city. Some very young onel are not more than two feet long , the largest are 20 feet, and weigh 4,000 pounds: They bark like dogs, and on very dark nights, it it said, their voices enable pilots of incoming ships to find the entrance to the harbour. Fully a hundred lie upon the rocks. Through an opera-glass we can study them with the ereatest minuteness. Some are sleeping in the sun, some crawling slowly up from the water some nursing their young, and some fightine! One leviathan M scratching his head with his huge flipper, while his moony face contracts into a puffy oleagineous scowl. When still fiesh from the water the lions are black, but their coats dry to a dirty brown, like that of an ordinary buffalo robe. A lew, however, are almost white: One theory.is that some are white at particular seasons ; another that thev all grow white with age. They are said to have the slowest circulation of any warm blooded animals and to stay nnder water'from half to three-quarters of an hour at a time. Their eyes are matchless, large, liquid, and tender. As they sit with heads erect, their necks and shoulders do have a leonine look. While crawling up the rocks they suggest primeval monsters or enormous blood " suckers. Their heads are wolf-shaped; hence I suppose the Spanish name for these rocks —Lobos Point. Still, a white one swimming in the water looks quite enough likes human being to have orginated the fable of the mermaid among .old mariners. The tail ends in a nn, in orthodox mermaid fashion, and the cry of a young one is strangely like the wail of an intant—though it does not proceed from the infant ot a whale. As a general rule sea-lions don't walk about seeking whom they may devour; but one of our group tells me that down the coast a lady saw one lyingupon the sand, and, supposing it to be dead, touched it with her parasol- Ifc proved to be only asleep; the stroke awoke itshe turned to fly, and it went lumbering after her- While she ran, shrieking with terror, a gentleman of her party came up and despatched the animal with his revolver. Whether this be history, or a 4 Californian yarn, " I have not the least idea. Breakfast interrupts our observations, and we sit down to it with keen appetites- Profusion fand excellence are the characteristics of all Caliornian meals. At this white wine serves instead of coffee and conversation flows like a river. Colonel Foster, our host, recalls the days when hemsed to go down to the sea in shipa: Harry Linden lives his adventures inJMexico overacain; Swmton invokes the ghosts of the Army of the Potomac; and, at short intervals, Evans blossoms in some fresh story, always droller and more extravagant than the last. Breakfast over, we make our adieus to the lions and turn homeward. A Slight Mistake.—Many years since an old lady more noted for her piety than her learning, left her native Highland hills for a short visit (her first} to Edinburgh. While there, she was taken to see the various public places of interest, and among the rest Holyrood Palace and the Chapel Royal. After Laving shown her and her friends some of the restinsr-plac-s of the Scottish kings, the guide at length stopped short at a particular tomb, and in a more than ordinary impressive manner remarked, "And this is the tomb of King David;" on hearing which announcement, the good old woman became greatly excited, and clasping her hands, and casting her eyes heavenwards gasped out^ in wondering accents, "Eh, sir, d'ye tell me so! Eh, did I ever think my auld e'en would see sic a glorious sight? An' is it really here whar the great Psalmist rests!" This rather ludicrous mistake caused much amusement to the bystanders, as well as the astonished official, who little dreamt his eloquence would have had such a startling effect. 