EARLY CLOSING ASSOCIATION. I REV. GEO. MACKIE ON THE LAND WE LIVE IN." The second of the series of lectures given under the auspices of the Early Closing Association, was delivered last night, in the Princess's Theatre, by the Rev. George Mackie, the subject chosen for the occasion being, "The Land we Live in." Mr. M'Culloch took the chair shortly before eight o'clock, and among the persons on the platform were Mr. Michie, Q.C., Rev. Isaac Moore, Rev. Mr. Hamilton, and Professor M'Coy, The theatre was well filled in every part. The CirAiniiAN thanked the committee of the Early Closing Association for the honour they had done him, and the opportunity afforded him of showing his interest in the movement; and briefly introduced to the audience, The Rev. G. MACKIE, who apologised for keeping the audience waiting, and stated that he had been under the impression that the hour of commencement was eight o'clock instead of half-past seven. In approaching the subject of his lecture he observed that he had chosen his topic before be knew of that which Mr. Wrixon had selected for his lecture. There was some similarity between the subjects, but he hoped there was something fresh to be said upon them. He concurred heartily in the objects of the Early Closing Association, and was of opinion that any scheme which tended to minimise as it were, the hours of labour deserved the fullest public recognition and support, Having made some telling observations upon this point, the rev. lecturer said he did not like the ideas of those persons who were doubtful about the carefulness of their children, and anxious to keep things from them lest they should misuse them. He might say of those people. " Timeo Danaos, el do7ia/érenles,"and that the best thing they could do would be to mind their own business. Australia was the largest island in the world, and contained about 3,000,000 of square miles. There was room enough in this land for a work-ground and a play-ground too, for many nations. Australia was fifty times bigger than England, and one hundred times bigger than Scotland or Ireland. This, as compared with the olden countries of Europe, had an advantage in point of size, and though he did not wish to say one word in disparage- ment of the countries of the old world, he would still assert that there were many benefits which were peculiar to Australia. Here men had abundant opportunities for acquiring land for themselves, whereas in England and other thickly populated countries, it was almost impossible for a man to acquire a single acre of ground. The titles under which the lands were held in those old countries were not such as would bear close inspection. In regard to many of the vast possessions of the old world, they were attained by "the good old rule, the simple plan, that he shall get who has the power, and he shall keep who can Australia had a history, though she did not possess any ghosts, and was not very antiquated. The continent was discovered in 1905, by a Spanish ship, which made the land somewhere in ! Torres Straits. Port Phillip was discovered by Bass and Flinders in 1798, and South Australia in 1862. Victoria was not colonised until 1836, but Tasmania was discovered in 1942, and colonised in 1864. He believed that Tasmania ought to belong to Victoria, and that ere long it would link its fortunes to this colony. The reverend lecturer, after giving the dates of some of the discoveries and founding of colonies upon the Australian coast, described the condition of the early residents of Sydney, who, on account of the non-arrival of the store ships, and the want of food, suffered great hardships. There was a great traffic in rum among the settlers around Sydney. Female prisoners hawked rum about the country, land was bought for rum, and out of the tax upon rum a gaol and an hospital were built. However, a good deal of land was put into cultivation, and in 1797 Mr. Macarthur a gentleman whose name would ever be remembered gratefully intro- duced sheep into the colony. Just before the separation of Victoria from New South Wales, there were 32,000,000 of sheep in the colony. The growth of these Australian communities was astonishing. There were the railways of Queensland stretching away towards the Gulf of Carpentaria, and the Victorian lines almost linked with those of New South Wales. Then, looking at the other colonies. South Australia and Western Australia, it was astonishing to reflect that all these young nations had grown up within the space of 100 years, and that Victoria herself had reached her present proportions within thirty-three years. It had been said that these lands, with the exception of Victoria, had been founded in convictism and though he did not wish to make an apology for convictism, he contended that Great Britain had in these early days a perfect right to send convicts here. There were no people bete then save scattered tribes of blacks. Convictism had given many men the chance of redeeming their lost fortunes in a new land. There were many of those early convicts who were exiled for crimes which were most venial. Men were sent out under the game laws, for stealing legs of mutton, for political offences, and for faults which would now be very lightly dealt with. It was to a great extent owing to Dr. Lang that the last knell of convictism had been rung. Dr. Lang, at great personal sacrifice, though reviled and hounded down, had filled Sydney with free labourers and artisans. Dr. Bland, also, who had lately gone to his eternal rest, had largely aided in these good works. The ignorance in England with regard to these lands was very great. When he (Mr. Mackie was proposing to come to Australia, his friends told him not to go for fear he should be eaten up by the kangaroos. (Laughter.) Lord John Russell, when the people of the colonies protested against convictism, said he would not send any more convicts to Australia, but to Cockatoo Island. That island was a small mass of rock in Sydney harbour, which would not hold many thousands of men if they stood on each other's heads. He had also heard that there was a coach running between Sydney and Hobart Town. (Laughter.) He accounted for this ignorance by saying that people in England thought less about us than we did about ourselves. With regard to Victoria-" the land we live in" he might say that it contained 00,000 square miles, was four times as big as Tasmania, and nearly twice as large as old England. He stated that the mountain near the entrance of Port Phillip, known as Arthur's Seat, was so called because of some fancied resemblance to its celebrated namesake in Scotland. About the time that this name was given to the hill, Flinders entered the bay, and afterwards gave a very unfavourable report of the country. Other explorers had followed, and given similar accounts of the place. An abortive attempt to colonise these shores was made, and a convict settlement was founded. The rev. lecturer referred to many of the episodes which occurred in the early _ history of the colony and after describing the explora- tions of several parties who examined the country, he stated that Batman was the first man who settled Victoria, and that Mr. J. V. Fawkner was the first man who settled Melbourne, The colony was taken up for pastoral purposes, and the ups and downs " of the squatters of those days were very great. Victoriawasthenamerepostscriptorappendix of New South Wales, and was much neglected by the Legislature. In despair, the people elected Earl Grey as their representative in the Sydney Parliament, and as he, of course, could not attend, Victoria was dis- franchised. The step was a bold one, but it succeeded, for on the 1st of July, Victoria gained her independence. This event was in a great measure owing to the exertions of Dr. Lang, whose efforts in the people's cause were worthy of being commemorated by a statue. The rev. gentleman then detailed the various gold discoveries, the influx of population which was consequent thereon, the progress of agriculture and manufactures, and the high price of labour. He spoke of female servants at home considering themselves well paid if they got £6 per year, and of first- rate ploughmen who were paid £12 per year; but he extolled the Scotch t educational system, which provided tuition freely for all children-the aird's sons as well as those of the peasant. In summarising his discourse the lecturer said that the resources of the colony were bound- less-that immigration was needed to clear the forests, till the soil, and can also the rivers-that here all men were equal, and started fairly in the race of life- that there was here perfect religious liberty, and education taking possession of the country on every side and that the newspapers of the colony worthily represented the press which led or followed public opinion, After alluding to the dark crimes which had latterly cast a gloom over the colony, he said that these mournful occurrences could not be made a reproach to Victoria. Other lands were similarly visited, and Victoria would compare favourably with anyone of them. He wished all the young men and maidens of Australia to love their country, and be proud of it, and hand it on to generations yet unborn a heritage not unworthy of the days in which we lived. (Cheers). Mr. BURTT, M.L.A., proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Mackie for his interesting lecture. The Rev. Mr. HAMILTON seconded the resolution, which was put and carried by acclamation. The Rev. Mr. MACKIE briefly returned thanks for the compliment, and proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was given with great acclamation. The CHAIRMAN, in returning thanks, assured the audience that it gave him the greatest pleasure to attend there that night, not merely for the purpose of listening to the lecture, but specially to give his countenance to the movement for which this lecture was got up. He referred to the movement for shortening the hours of labour to a large and important class of this community. (Cheers.) They had gained much, but they required more (Mr. Burtt. "Saturday afternoon") and he trusted they would not cease their efforts until they obtained the Saturday afternoon. (Cheers,) There was every reason why they should get it and it only required a little consideration, but in order to get that it was necessary that the matter should be kept constantly and prominently before the people at large. (Cheers,) He did not get much of the short hours himself, and he wished they could carry the movement into another place. (Laughter.) He trusted this great movement would be carried on until they attained the desired end shorten the hours of labour, and obtain, above all things, the Saturday afternoon. (Loud cheers.) The SECRETARY announced that the next lecture of the series would be delivered on Monday week by Mr. G. Ford and the proceedings terminated. 