LORD BYRON AND MRS. H. BEECHER STOWE. The following comments upon Mrs. H. Beecher Stowe's paper in Macmillan's Maga- zine relative to Lord and Lady Byron formed part of a lecture lately delivered at Dalkey by Mr. E. K. Horn :— "Perhaps at no period of equal length in the history of Great Britain were so many eminent men brought before the world as during the latter half of the last century. Author after author and orator after orator shot forth like meteors, and in such rapid succession that there was a perfect galaxy of wit, talent, and genius electrifying the world at one and the same time — Burke, Sheridan, Pitt, Scott, Moore, Curran, Crabbe, Rogers, and a host of others, some of them com- mingling, others crossing each other in their career, creating, as it were, a vast and bril- liant literary illumination. During this period there suddenly shot forth one more grandly beautiful than the rest, but soaring far above them, and there for a time he shone in dazzling splendour, but too soon, alas, doomed to expire. Poor Byron ! He died while engaged in one of the noblest struggles ever under- taken by man — the restoration of an enslaved nation to freedom and independence — and by this struggle alone shed a halo round his name that his basest calumniators can never destroy. The ablest critics of the day were lenient to his errors as a man, and pity it is that any weakness of human nature should have in any degree dimmed such a glory. But the faults of our Byrons and our Nelsons are but as spots in the sun, with which we have nothing whatever to do. I can but do the noble poet this poor justice, because by the last English mail we are informed that after his remains have been interred for nearly half a century an attempt has lately been made to blast his memory by the raking up and publishing of some old scandals that were for many years supposed to be buried with him, and this is the more to be regretted because the attempt has been made by a lady who some 16 or 17 years ago delighted us with a work called "Uncle Tom's Cabin." Who does not remember poor little Eva and Topsy, the two representatives of the white and black races ? There was, it is true, nothing in this work of a very high order of literature. It was simply an interesting tale, pleasingly told in polished and un- affected language; but the object with which it was written enlisted our sympathies in her favour, and we rendered her all honour for her champanionship of a benevolent cause (the abolition of slavery in America), giving her at the same time substantial proofs of our gratitude for the pleasure she had afforded us, and retaining her memory in our affec- tions as a noble and large hearted woman. When lo ! we are suddenly electrified with the news that Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe has with a jackal- like propensity been busy in raking up the bones, as it were, of sundry old worn-out scandals against the name and fame of the last descendant of one of the noblest and most illustrious families of Great Britain, and publishing them. Now the question arises 'with what object can this have been done, even supposing them all to be true ?' They could not injure the fame of Lord Byron more than they had already done, and they could not by any possibility do good of any kind ; and, whether they were true or false, the publishing of them must for ever blacken the fame of Mrs. Stowe. The object which she says she had in view is not believed in, because, being on terms of such confidential intimacy with Lady Byron as she says she was, she must have felt and known that had Lady Byron been alive to protect herself, she would have shrunk from such a course as that pursued by Mrs. Stowe, and would, from her high position, have looked down with such scorn as her amiable nature would have permitted on the Countess Guiccioli and her scandals, and have treated her and them with the silent contempt they deserved. Then what other object could she have ? Why, painful as it is, we can only arrive at this conclusion — that this lady, whom we had taken to our hearts and given credit for such noble aspirations, is no swan after all, but a goose of the commonest order (and a very indelicate goose too) — that the recol- lection of the proceeds of ' Uncle Tom's, Cabin,' together with the weakness of wishing it to be published to the world that she had had the honour of being on terms of confidential intimacy with Lady Byron, had caused her to commit on act disgraceful to herself, and which cannot be approved of by the friends of either Lord or Lady Byron ; and in all probability a feeling of contempt will be the reaction to that regard and esteem with which she had hitherto inspired us. It would have been well for her, perhaps, if she had reflected on this before committing the ill-advised and rash act which she has done. A little re- flection would have shown a woman of less ability than Mrs. Stow that she would be venturing on very dangerous ground. . . . She has taken on an ill-advised and rash step, and such a one that it may be presumed will not be easily forgiven, as it must not only offend all parties, but, if believed in, defeat its own object, and shake to the founda- tion that high position which Lady Byron has hitherto held in public opinion and esteem. But can it for a moment be credited one of her high and noble feelings would, because an old woman of abandoned character had had the audacity to attack her, condescend to notice her or her attack at all ? If Lady Byron ever sanctioned the publication of any matter after her death reflecting on her husband we may rest assured it must have been for some far weightier matter than this, and that her purity of mind would have recoiled at the idea of allowing herself, or any one in her behalf, to be mixed up in a controversy with a woman of this class, who would only be too proud to be allowed to continue in the lists with her. If Lady Byron ever did trust Mrs. Stowe with such a sacred secret, and such power over it, she must have very far overrated Mrs. Stowe's judgment, the calibre of her mind, and the purity of her soul. And Mrs. Stowe, on the other hand, must have lamen- tably underrated Lady Byron if she ima- gined that she could be guilty of so great an injustice as to visit the sins of the Countess Guiccioli on her husband's memory. It is generally believed that there is a ghost in this melancholy history that has neven yet seen the light, and it is also believed that Lord Byron left some sealed papers or documents which were to be opened at some future period, when this ghost should be revealed, and when the world might form an unbiassed judgment without wounding the personal feelings of any one living. Now, if such were the case, and it were known to Lady Byron, it is possible that she may have adopted a similar course in order that she might be heard and judged by the same tribunal. Such a controversy as that com- menced by Mrs. Stowe could never have been imagined by her. My reason for introducing Mrs. Stowe's name into this lecture is because I think there is presumptive evidence that the pamphlet which has caused such a sen- sation has been got up merely as a sensational piece for the market, with a heartless dis- regard for the feelings of others, and I fear some disregard to truth, or at the least with a suppressio veri, which is not creditable to Mrs. Stowe, for she might have told Lady Byron in her confidential conversation in 1856 that there had been a cheap edition of Lord Byron's works (a faithful copy of Mr. Murray's) published some years before, which bears on the title-page, 'New York : D. Appleton & Co., 200, Broadway, 1852.' A copy of this work I now have before me, so that the 'masses' in America at least had long been 'familiar with the facts,' and Mrs. Stowe could not have been ignorant of this, nor, it may be fairly supposed, was Lady Byron either." 