The Novelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER XV. THE NEW COMPANION. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." A SOLITARY breakfast for me. Mr. Chandos remained in his room, nursing his foot ; Lady Chandos was in hers. As I was eating it, Hill came in. "Will you transact a commission for my lady this morning, Miss Hereford ?" "With great pleasure," I answered, starting up with alacrity, glad that they were going to give me something to do at last. "What is it ?" "Well, it's nothing that you need be in such a hurry for as to lose your breakfast," grimly responded Hill. "My lady is sick, Mr. Chandos is disabled, I can't be spared ; so we want you to go to Marden, and make some inquiries." "Oh yes ; I will go anywhere. It is very dull here, by myself all day. Is is about Mrs. Penn ?" "It is about Mrs. Penn," returned Hill in her stiffest manner. "You will have to see Mrs. Howard, the lady she referred to, and ask certain questions of her, which will be written down for you." "Am I to go by train, Hill ?" "My lady would not send you alone by train. Her own carriage will be round by 10 o'clock to convey you to Marden." At 10 the carriage drew up. I was quite ready for it. Vain girl ! I had put on one of my prettiest dresses, and a white bonnet; my chest- nut hair rippled back from my brow, and the pink flowers mingled with it. I had grown fairer than I was as a child, and my cheeks wore generally a soft bright color. Stepping in, I was bowled away, in the same state that my lady would have gone. The fine chariot had its handsome hammer-cloth, its baronet's badge on the panels, its attendant ser- vants. I was born to this social state, if I had not been brought up in it, and it was very de- lightful. The old lodge-keeper touched his hat to me as we passed through the gates to the smooth road. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, the leafy trees were dancing. "Now mind !" Hill had said to me. "All you have to do is to put by word of mouth these questions written down for you, and to take strict note of the answers, so as to report them accurately when you come back. They are but ordinary questions ; or else you would not be sent. Be discreet, young lady, and don't talk on your own score." "I opened the paper and read over the ques- tions as we went along. Simple queries, as Hill had said ; just such as are put when a depen- dent, whether lady or servant, is being engaged. The address given was "Mrs. Charles Howard, No. 9 King-street, Marden." And there the carriage drew up. Carrying the paper, I was shown up stain to the drawing-rooms, sending in my name—"Miss Hereford." Handsome rooms, two communicating. A lady, very much dressed in elaborate morning costume, rose to receive me. I found it was Mrs. Howard, and entered upon my queries. They were most satisfactorily answered. A higher character than she gave to Mrs. Penn could not be tendered. Mrs. Penn was faithful, good, discreet, and trustworthy ; very capable in all ways, and invaluable in a sick room. Her regret at parting with her was great, but she, Mrs. Howard, was going to Brussels on a long visit to her married daughter, and it would be inconvenient to take Mrs. Penn. She should be so glad to see her settled elsewhere comfort- ably, before leaving England. So voluble was Mrs. Howard, saying ten times more than she need have said, that I could not get in a word. I should have liked her better had she been less flourishing in speech, and not worn quite so many ornaments. As soon as I could speak, I asked if I might see Mr. Penn, such having been Hill's instructions to me, in case the references proved satisfactory. Mrs. Howard rang for her, and she came in. She wore a bright violet gown of some soft material ; her red hair was disposed in waving bands low on her forehead and taken back under- neath her cap. Had I seen her anywhere in my past life ? The expression of her full face when her eyes were turned on me seemed so familiar ; striking upon the mind like something we may have seen in a dream ; but when I examined her features I could not trace in them any re- membrance. Perhaps I was mistaken. We do see faces that resemble others as we go through life. So, things proving satisfactory, Mrs. Penn was desired to proceed at once by train to Chan- dos. And was engaged. On the following Monday morning, as I was seated alone in the oak parlour, Mrs. Penn came in, her bonnet and shawl on. She had been out of doors. "I don't know what your grim old butler will say to me, but I have forestalled him with the postman," she began at once, without any other greeting. "Unless I take a turn for ten minutes in the open air of a morning, I feel stifled for the day ; the postman came up while I was in the broad walk, and I took the letters from him. Only two," she continued, regarding the addresses in a free and easy sort of manner scarcely becoming her position. "Both foreign letters," she went on in a running comment. "One is for Harry Chandos, Esquire ; the other for Miss Hereford. That is yourself, I think." "I am Miss Hereford." "It is a pretty name," she observed, looking at me : "almost as pretty as you are. Do you remember in the school history of England we are told of the banishment of Lord Hereford by his sovereign, and how it broke his heart ? Is your Christian name as pretty ?" "It is Anne." "Anne Hereford ! A nice name altogether. Where do your friends live ?" Instead of answering, I rose and rang the bell for the butler : who came in. "The letters are here, Hickens," I said, put- ting the one for Mr. Chandos in his hand, while I kept mine. Hickens, with a dubious air, looked alternately at me, and the letters, as if wondering how they came there. I explained. "Mrs. Penn brought them in. She tells me she met the postman in the broad walk, and took them from him." "Please to let the man bring the letters to the house, ma'am, should you meet him again " Hickens respectfully observed, turning to Mrs. Penn. "My lady never allows any one to take them from the postman ; he brings them into the hall, and delivers them into my hand. Miss Emily, when she was at home, once took them from the man in the grounds, and my lady was very much displeased with her. Her ladyship is exceedingly strict in the matter." "How particular they seem about their letters !" exclaimed Mrs. Penn in an undertone, as Hickens departed with his master's. "Many families are so. Mr. Paler was worse than this, for he always liked to take the letters from the facteur himself." "Who is Mr. Paler ?" she questioned. "I have been living as governess in his family in Paris. Mrs. Penn, may I ask you whether I left a handkerchief at Mrs. Howard's the day I went there ?" "Not that I know of. I did not hear of it. Have you lost one ?" "Yes ; one that I valued, for it was em- broidered for me by a dear friend. I know I had it in the carriage in going to Marden, but I remember nothing of it subsequently. When I got home I missed it." "You most likely dropped it in stepping out of the carriage." "Yes ; I fear so." She quitted the room with a remark that her time was up. I opened my letter, which was in Emily de Mellissie's handwriting ; and read as follows : "The idea of your making all this fuss ! Though I suppose it is mamma's fault, not yours. She is neither poison nor a tiger, and therefore will not do the house irretrievable damage. It's not my fault if Alfred has taken this gastric fever, and I am detained here. I'd rather be in the wilds of Africa, I do assure you, scampering over the sandy desert on a mad pony, than con- demned to be pent up in sick chambers. Fancy what it is! Alfred reduced to a skeleton, in bed on alternate days, taking nothing but tisane, and that sort of slops, and lamenting that he won't get over it ; Madame de Mellissie in her bed, groaning under an agonized attack of sciatica ; and I doing duty between the two. It's dread- ful. I should come off to Chandos to-morrow, and leave them till they were better, but that the world would call me hard-hearted, and any other polite name it could lay its tongue to. Every second day he seems nearly as well as I am, and says I shall start for Chandos on the next. When the next comes, there he is, down again with fever. And that is my present fate ! —which is quite miserable enough without your reproaching me for being thoughtless, and all the rest of it. How I should get through the dreary days but for some novels and a few callers, I don't know; but the novels are not exciting, and visitors are stupid. Paris is empty just now, and as dull as a dungeon. Don't go worrying me with any more letters reflecting on my 'prudence,' or I shall send them back to you. If mamma orders you to write, tell her plainly that you won't. Pray who is Anne Hereford that she should be allowed to disturb the peace of Chandos ? Indeed, Harry, she is nobody ! and you need not stand on ceremony with her. I am sorry that her staying there just now should be so very inconvenient—as you hint that it is. Mamma has a great dislike to have people in the house, I know ; but the leaving her was really not my fault, as you ought to see. I will be over as soon as I can, for my own sake —you cannot form an idea what it is here, no soirees going on, no anything—and relieve you of her. But if you really cannot allow her to remain until then, the shortest way will be to let her go to Nulle. "Love to mamma, and believe me, ever your affectionate sister, "Emily de Mellissie." I read nearly to the end before suspecting that the letter was not meant for me. I had sup- posed it to be the answer to the one I des- patched to Emily on the previous Friday. Some one else— as it would appear— had despatched one also, remonstrating at the inconvenience my presence caused at Chandos. With a face that was burning in its every lineament— with hands that trembled as they closed— with a heart that felt half sick with shame— I started up. That very moment I would write word to Madame de Mellissie that I was quitting Chandos ; and to Miss Barlieu, to say I was coming. In the midst of which paroxysm there entered Mr. Chandos, between Hickens and a stick. He sat down in an arm-chair, wishing me good morning. When the man had gone I ad- vanced to him with the open letter. "This letter must be intended for you, I think, Mr. Chandos, although it was addressed to me. It is from Madame Alfred de Mellissie." "Just so," he said, taking it, and handing me the one he himself held. "This I presume is for you, as it begins 'My dear Anne Here- ford.' Emily has betrayed her characteristic heedlessness, in sending my letter to you, and yours to me." He ran his eyes over the note, and then called to me. I stood looking from the window. "Have you read this ?" "Every word. Until I came to my own name, I never suspected that it was not written for me. I am very sorry, Mr. Chandos ; but I hope you will not blame me :; indeed it was done inadver- tently." "So am I sorry," he answered, in a joking sort of tone, as if he would pass the matter over lightly. "Emily's letters ought to be preserved in the British Museum." Before he could say more Hill came in, and began talking with him in an undertone, looking crossly at me. Of course it drove me away. I went to the portico, and read my letter. "My dear Anne Hereford, "You need not trouble yourself at all about being what you call 'an encumbrance' at Chan- dos, but just make yourself contented until I can come over. Mamma and my brother ought to be glad to have you there, for they are mured up alone from year's end to year's end. Keep out of their way as much as possible, so as not to annoy them. Yours sincerely, "Emily de Mellissie. "P.S.—Of course you might go to Miss Bar- lieu's if Lady Chandos deems it expedient that you should." A fine specimen of contradiction the note pre- sented. I folded it and went up stairs, one de- termination strong upon me—to depart for Nulle. Mrs. Penn was standing at the corridor-win- dow. She was dressed handsomely, this new companion : a grey silk robe, a gold chain, a pretty blonde-lace cap, mingling with her nearly scarlet hair, valuable rings on her fingers. Just as I took likes and dislikes when a child, so I took them still. And I did not like Mrs. Penn. "I cannot divest myself of the notion that I have met you before, Mrs. Penn," I said. "But I am unable to recollect where." "I can tell you," she answered. " You were at school at Nulle, and attended the English Protestant Church. It was there you and I used to see each other." "There ?" I repeated incredulously, thinking she must be wrong. "Yes, there," said Mrs. Penn. "I was stay- ing in the town for some weeks two or three years ago ; I remembered your face again here directly, though you have grown much. You were wont to study my face nearly as much as you studied your prayer book. I used to wonder what you found in me to admire." Throw my recollection back as I would, I could not connect the face before with my asso- ciations of Nulle. It certainly might have been there that we met—and indeed why should she say so, if it were not ?—but it did not seem to be. As to the looking off the prayer-book part, I was sure that there could not have been much of that, the English governess always watched us so sharply. "Did you know the Miss Barlieu's, Mrs. Penn ?" "Only by sight ; I had no acquaintance with them. Quite old maids they are." "They are kind, good women," I broke out indignantly, and Mrs. Penn laughed. "Somewhat careless withal, are they not ? I think that was exemplified in the matter relating to Miss Chandos." I could not answer. The whole blame had lain with Emily, but I did not choose to say that to Mrs. Penn. She was turning her gold chain round and round her finger, and when she spoke again her voice had dropped to a low tone. "Do you believe in ghosts, Miss Hereford ?" "Ghosts ?" I echoed, astonished at the ques- tion. "Ghosts," she repeated, "Do you believe that the dead come again ?" "When I see any ghosts I will tell you whe- ther I believe in them or not," I said jokingly. "Up to the present time it has not been my good fortune to fall in with any." "It is said," she proceeded, looking round with caution, "that a ghost haunts Chandos. Have you not seen any strange sights ?" "No indeed. It would very much astonish me to see such—if by 'strange sights' you mean ghosts." "I saw one once," she said. "Mrs. Penn !" "A lady died in a house where I was staying ; died almost suddenly. If ever I saw anything in my life, I saw her after she was in her grave. You look at me with incredulity." "I cannot fancy that a real genuine ghost was ever seen. I am aware that strange tales are told—and believed ; but I think they are but tales of the imagination." "In speaking of strange tales do you allude to Chandos ?" "Certainly not I spoke of the world in general." "You take me up sharply. Nevertheless, strange tales are whispered of Chandos. On a moonlight night, as report runs, the spirit of Sir Thomas may be seen in the walks." "Does it swim over from India to take its promenade ?" I mockingly asked. "You are thinking of the present baronet ; he is not dead ; I spoke of the late one. Look out some of these light nights, will you, and tell me whether you see anything. I cannot, for the available windows of the east wing do not face this way. They say he takes exercise in the pine walk." "Did you say Sir Thomas' ghost, Mrs. Penn ?" I asked, laughing. "The world says so. I hear that some of the maids here, seeing the sight, have arrived at the notion that it is only Mr. Harry Chandos given to come out of his room at night and take moonlight promenades." There was a bell in the window-seat, and I tossed it with indifference. She had got hold of the wrong story, and it was not my place to set her right. Hill came up, saying Mr. Chan- dos wanted to speak to me ; but I did not hurry down. I had made my mind up to borrow sufficient money of him to take me to Nulle, and was trying to call up courage to ask it. His leg was upon a rest when I went in, and he leaned back in his chair reading a newspaper. "I want to speak to you, Miss Hereford." "And I—wanted—to speak to you, sir, if you please," I said, resolutely, in spite of my natural hesitation. "Very well. Place aux dames. You shall have the first word." It appeared, however, that Lizzy was to have that. She came in at the moment, asked leave to speak, and began a recital of a second visit she had paid the gipsies the previous night, in which she had accused them of having attacked Mr. Chandos. The recital was a long one, and delivered curiously, very fast and in one tone, just as if she were repeating from a book, and imparting the idea that it had been learnt by heart. She wound up with saying the gipsies quitted the common in the night; and there- fore no doubt could remain that one of the women had been the assailant. Mr. Chandos regarded her keenly. "Lizzy Dene, what is your motive for pur- suing these gipsies in the way you do? No one accuses them but you." "Motive, sir ?" returned the woman. "Ay, motive," he pointedly said. "I shall begin to suspect that you know more about the matter than you would like make public. I think it is you to whom we must look for an ex- planation, not the gipsies." Did you ever see a pale face turn to a glow- ing, fiery red ?—the scarlet of confusion, if not of guilt ? So turned Lizzy's, to my utter amazement, and I think to that of her master. Could she have had anything to do with the attack upon him ? She stammered forth a few deprecatory words, that, in suspecting the gipsies, she had only been actuated by the wish to serve Mr. Chandos, and backed out of the parlour. Backed out to find herself confronted by a tall, swarthy man, who had made his way into the hall without the ceremony of knocking for admittance. He was one of the gipsies. Lizzy Dene gave a half shriek and flew away, and the man came inside the room, fixing his piercing eyes upon those of Mr. Chandos. "It has been told to me this morning that you and your people accuse us of having as- saulted you," he began without prelude. Mas- ter, I have come back ten miles to set it right." "I have not accused you," said Mr. Chandos. "The assault upon me—if it can be called such —proceeded from a woman ; but I have no more cause to suspect that it was one of your women, than I have to suspect any other woman in the wide world." " 'Twas none of ours, master. We was 'camped upon your common, and you let us stop there unmolested ; some lords of the soil drive us off ere we can pitch our tent, hunt us away as they'd hunt a hare. You didn't ; you spoke kind to us more than once in passing ; and we'd have protected you with our own lives, any one of us, had need been. Do you believe me, master ?" The man's voice was earnest, and he raised his honest eyes, fierce though they were, to Mr. Chandos, waiting for the question to be answered. "I do believe you." "That's well, then, and what I came back hoping to hear. But now, master, I'll tell ye what I saw myself that same night. I was coming up toward this way, and you overtook me, riding fast. Maybe you noticed me, for I touched my hat." "I remember it," said Mr. Chandos. "You rode in at the gates at a hard gallop; I could hear the horse's hoofs in the silence of the evening. I met one of our fellows, and stopped to speak to him, which hindered me three or four minutes; and—you know them trees to the left of the gate, master, with posts afore 'em ?" "Well ?" said Mr. Chandos. "There stood a woman there when I got up. She was taking off a gray cloak, and she folded it small and put it on her arm and walked away. Folks put on cloaks at night, instead of taking 'em off, was in my thoughts, and I looked after her." "Did you know her ?" "I never saw her afore. She was one in your condition of life, master, for her clothes were brave, and the rings glittered on her fingers. Next morning when we heard what had hap- pened, we said she was the one. I have not seen her since. She seemed to be making for the railroad." "Why did you not come and tell me this at the time ?" "Nay, master, was it any business of mine ? How did I know I should be welcome ? That's all, sir." "Will you take some refreshments ?" said Mr. Chandos. "You are welcome to it." "Master, I don't need any." The man, with a rude salute to me, turned and departed, and we saw him treading the gravel walk with a fearless step. Mr. Chandos turned to me with a smile. "What do you think of all this ?" "I am sure that the gipsies are innocent." "I have been tolerably sure of that from the first, for I knew that their interest did not lie in making an enemy of me ; rather the con- trary. What puzzles me is Lizzy Dene's man- ner. But let us return to the matter we were interrupted in, Miss Hereford. Go on with what you were about to say." Very shrinkingly I began, standing close to him, giving him a sketch of the circumstances (Mrs. Paler's tardy payment) that caused me to be without money ; and asking him to lend me a trifle—just enough to take me back to Nulle. About a guinea, I thought, or a guinea and a half ; I had a few shillings left still. Mr. Chan- dos seemed highly amused, smiling in a most provoking way. "Does Mrs. Paler really owe you thirty guineas ?" "Yes, sir. It is half a year's salary." "Then I think she ought to pay you." "Will you lend me the trifle, sir ?" "No. Not for the purpose you name. I will lend you as as much as you like to put in your pocket ; but not to take you to Nulle." "I must go, sir. At least, I must go some- where ; and I only know the Miss Barlieus in all the world." "You wish to go because, in consequence of Emily's letter, you are deeming yourself an en- cumbrance at Chandos ?" I made no answer in words ; the color that flushed into my cheeks was all-sufficient. "Let me speak to you confidentially," he said, taking my hand in his ; "in a few minutes we will understand each other as friends. I am grieved that Emily's carelessness should have been the cause of annoyance to you ; my mother will be sadly vexed when I tell her ; but you must now listen to the explanation. There are certain family reasons which render it inex- pedient for a stranger to be located at Chandos ; even Emily herself would not at all times be welcome. Emily left you here. As the days went on, and we heard nothing from her, my mother desired me to write and inquire when she would be over, and to reprove her thoughtlessness in leaving you at Chandos, when she knew it was more expedient that we should be alone. I simply wrote what my mother desired me ; no more ; and this letter of Emily's to-day is the answer to it. Now you have the whole gist of the affair. But I must ask you fully to understand that it is not to you personally my mother has an objection ; on the contrary, she likes you ; the objection applies to anyone, save its regular inmates, who may be at Chandos. Did a royal princess offer a visit here, she would be equally unwelcome. Do you understand this ?" "Quite so. But, understanding it, I can only see the more necessity for my leaving." "And where would you go ?" "To Nulle. To the Miss Barlieu's." "No ; that would not do," he said. "Emily has left you here under our charge, and we cannot part with you, except to her. You said you must be guided by me in your reading; you must be guided by me also in this." "I should only be too willing under happier circumstances. But you cannot imagine how uncomfortable is the feeling of knowing that I am intruding here in opposition to the wish of Lady Chandos." "Lady Chandos does not blame you for it ; be assured of that. And I can tell you my mother has other things to think of just now than of you—or Emily either. Will you try and make yourself contented ?" "You must please not say any more, Mr. Chandos. If I had nowhere else to go to, it would be a different thing ; but I have Miss Barlieu's house." "And suppose you had not that ? Would you make yourself contented and stay ?" "Yes," I said, rashly. "Then be happy from this moment. Miss Barlieu's house is a barred one to you at pre- sent." Something like a leap of joy seemed to take my heart. His tone of truth was not to be mis- taken. "Lady Chandos had a note from Miss An- nette on Saturday. Amidst other news it con- tained the unpleasant tidings that fever had broken out at Nulle ; one of their young ladies had been seized with it and was lying very ill ; and another was sickening." "Oh, Mr. Chandos !" "So you see we should not allow you to go there just now. Neither would the Miss Bar- lieus receive you. As my mother observed, that news settled the question." I remained silent : in my shock and per- plexity. "Fever seems to be busy this autumn," he remarked carelessly. "It is in this neighbour- hood ; it is in Paris ; it is in Nulle ; and pro- bably in a great many more places." "But, Mr. Chandos. What am I to do ?" "There is only one thing that you can do— or that Lady Chandos would allow you to do ; "There is only thing that you can do—or that Lady Chandos would allow you to do ; and that is, stay here. Not another word, Miss Hereford. You can't help yourself, you know," he added, laughing; "and we are happy to have you." "But the objection that Lady Chandos feels to having anyone ?" "Ah well —you will not be a dangerous visitor. If the worst came to the worst, we should have to enlist you on our side, and make you take a vow of fidelity to Chandos and its interests." He was speaking in a laughing, joking way, so that one could not tell whether his words were jest or earnest. Still they were curious ones. "That is the situation, young lady. You can't help yourself, you see, if you would. How much money will you have ?" "Oh, sir, none. I do not require it, if I am not to go. I wish—as I am to stay here—I could make myself useful to some one." "So you can ; you can be useful to me. I will constitute you my head-nurse and walking companion. I shall use your shoulder at will until my foot has its use again. Take care I don't tire you out." He had kept my hand in his all that while, and now he gazed directly into my eyes with those deep blue, speaking ones of his. A thrill of rapture ran through me, and I never asked myself wherefore. Could it be that I was learning to love Mr. Chandos ? I sat in the oak-parlour through the live-long day ; I had nowhere else to sit but in my bed- room. Dangerous companionship !—that of an attractive man like Mr. Chandos. Calling Hickens to his aid in the afternoon he went slowly up to the apartments of Lady Chandos, and I saw no more of him until dinner-time. Meanwhile I wrote a long letter to Miss Annette, expressing my great sympathy with the illness amidst the school girls, and begging her to write to me, and also to let me know the very instant that the house should be safe again, for that I wanted to come to it. In the evening Mr. Chandos, his lamp at his elbow, read aloud from a volume of Tennyson. I worked. Never had poetry sounded so sweet before ; never will it sound sweeter ; and when I went up-stairs to bed that melodious mea- sure, and that still more melodious voice, yet rang in my ears. To bed, but not to rest. What was the matter with me ? I know not, but I could not sleep. Tossing and turning from side to side, now a line of the poems will recur to me ; now would rise up the face of Mr. Chandos ; now the re- membrance of Lady Chandos' vexation at my being there. As the clock struck 1, I rose from my uneasy bed, determined to try what walking about the chamber would do. Pulling the blind aside, I paused to look out on the lovely night, its clear atmosphere and its shining stars nearly as bright as day. Why !—was I awake ? or was I dreaming ? There, under shade of the thick trees, keeping close to them, as if not wishing to be seen, but all too plain to me, nevertheless, paced Mr. Chan- dos, wrapped in a large over-coat. What had become of his lame foot ? That he walked slowly, as one does who is weak, there was no denying, but still he did not walk lame. Did, or would, a state of somnambulatory cause a disabled limb to recover temporary service and strength ? Every sense I possessed, every reason, answered no. As I gazed at the sight, with bewildered brain and beating heart, Mrs. Penn's words flashed over, that it was the ghost of the dead Sir Thomas which was said to haunt the groves of Chandos. Could it be ? Was I looking at a real ghost ? We all know how susceptible the brain is to superstition in the lonely midnight hours, and I succumbed in that moment to an awful terror. Don't laugh at me. With a smothered cry, I flew to the bed, leaped in, and covered my face with the bedclothes. One idea was uppermost amid the many that crowded on me. If that was the spirit of Sir Thomas, he must have died a younger man than I supposed, and have borne a great likeness to his son, Harry Chandos. The morning's bright sun dispelled all ghostly illusions. I went out of doors as soon as I got down, just for a run along the broad walk and back again. At the corner, where the angle hid the house, I came upon Mrs. Penn and the postman, only a few yards off. She had stopped him to look at the addresses of the letters he was bringing. The sight sent me back again ; but not before she turned and saw me. Not only did the action appear to me dishonourable— one I could not have countenanced—but some instinct seemed to say that Mrs. Penn was un- justifiably prying into the affairs of the Chandos family. As Hickens took the letters from the man in the hall, Mrs. Penn came into the oak-parlour. I was pouring out my coffee then. "I am quite in despair," she exclaimed, fling- ing herself into a chair, with short ceremony. "These three days have I been expecting news of an invalid friend ; and it does not come ; I hope and trust she is not dead !" "Perhaps she is unable to write ?" "She is. I said news of her ; not from her. When I saw the postman come in at the gates just now, hope rose up within me, and I ran to meet him. But hope was false. The man brought me no letter, nothing but disappoint- ment." I am not sure but I must have had a wicked heart about that time. Instead of feeling sym- pathy with Mrs. Penn and her sick friend, a sort of doubt came over me, that she was only saying this to excuse her having stopped the postman. She untied the strings of her black lace bonnet, and rose, saying she supposed breakfast would be ready by the time she got up-stairs. "Mrs. Penn," I interposed, taking a sudden resolution to speak, "was that a joke of yours yesterday, about Sir Thomas Chandos ?" "About his ghost, do you mean ? It was certainly not my joke. Why ?" "Nothing. I have been thinking about it." "I don't tell you the ghost comes ; but I should watch if I had the opportunity. The shutters in the front of the east wing are un- fortunately fastened down with iron staples. I conclude—I conclude," repeated Mrs. Penn, slowly and thoughtfully—"as a precaution against the looking out of Mrs. Chandos." "I dare say it is the greatest nonsense in the world. A ghost ! People have grown wise now." " I dare say it may be nonsense," she re- joined. "But for one thing I should heartily say it is nothing else." "And that one thing, Mrs. Penn ?" "I will not disclose it to you, Anne Here- ford. The report is common enough in the neighbourhood. Inquire of any of the petty shopkeepers in the hamlet, and you will find it to be so. They will tell you that rumours have been afloat for a long while that Sir Thomas may be seen at night in the pine walk." She quitted the room as she spoke, leaving on my mind a stronger impression than ever that I had met her somewhere in my lifetime, had talked with her, and she with me. There was in her manner an unconscious familiarity rarely indulged in save from old acquaintanceship. It was strange that she and Mr. Chandos should both strike on chords of my memory. Chords that would not be traced. They were fortunate in this new companion. Gathering a word from one and another, I heard she was thoroughly efficient. And they made much of her, treating her essentially as a lady. She went out in the carriage with Mrs. Chandos ; she talked to Mr. Chandos as an equal ; she patronised me. But a whisper floated through the house that the only one who did not take kindly to her was Mrs. Chandos. Some uncomfortable days passed on. Un- comfortable in one sense. Heaven knows I was happy enough, for the society of Mr. Chandos had become all too dear, and in it I was basking away the golden hours. Looking back now, I cannot sufficiently blame myself. Not for staying at Chandos ; I could not help that ; but for allowing my heart to yield unresistingly to the love. How could I suppose it would end ? Alas ! that was what I never so much as thought of : the present was becoming too much of an Elysium for me to look questioningly beyond it ; it was as a very haven of sweet and happy rest. With some of the other inmates, things seemed to be anything but easy. Lady Chandos was still invisible ; and, by what I could gather, growing daily worse. Mr. Chandos, his lame- ness better, looked bowed down with a weight of apprehensive care. Hill was in a state of fume and fret ; and the women servants, meet- ing in odd corners, spoke whisperingly of the figure that nightly haunted Chandos. What astonished me more than anything was, that no medical man was called in to Lady Chandos. Quite unintentionally, without being able to help myself, I overheard a few words spoken between Hill and Mr. Chandos. That Lady Chandos was dangerously ill, and medical aid an absolute necessity, appeared indisput- able ; and yet it seemed they did not dare to summons it. It was a riddle unfathomable. The surgeon came still to Mr. Chandos every day. What would have been easier than for him to go up to Lady Chandos ? He never did, however ; he was not asked to do so. Day after day he would say, "How is Lady Chan- dos ?" and Mr. Chandos' reply would be "Much the same." The omission struck also on Mrs. Penn. One day, when she had come into my chamber un- invited, she spoke of it abruptly, looking full in my face, in her keen way. "How is it they don't have a doctor to her ?" "What is the use of asking me, Mrs. Penn ? I cannot tell why they don't." "Do you never hear Mr. Chandos say why ?" "Never. At the beginning of her illness, he said his mother knew how to treat herself, and that she had a dislike to doctors." "There's more in it than that I think," re- turned Mrs. Penn. "That surly Hill won't answer a single question. All I get out of her is, 'My lady's no better.' Mrs. Chandos goes into the west wing most days, but she is as close as Hill. The fact is—it is very unfortunate, but Mrs. Chandos appears to have taken a dis- like to me." "Taken a dislike to you ?" Mrs. Penn nodded. "And not a word upon any subject, save the merest conversational trifles, will she speak. But I have my own opinion of Lady Chandos' illness: if I am right, their reticence is accounted for. I think the malady is not bodily, but mental ; and that they, in consequence, keep her in seclusion. Poor woman ! She has had enough trouble to drive her mad." "Oh, Mrs. Penn ! Mad !" "I mean what I say." "But did you not have an interview with her when you came ?" "Yes, a short one. Harry Chandos was sitting with her, and went out, after a few words to me, staying in the next room. It seemed to me that she was impatient to have him back again : any way, she cut the meeting very short. I am bound to say that she appeared collected then." Mrs. Penn lifted her hand, glittering with rings, to her brow as she spoke, and pushed slightly back her glowing hair. Her face looked troubled—that kind of trouble that arises from perplexity. "Allowing it to be as you fancy, Mrs. Penn, they would surely have a doctor to her. Any medical man, if requested, would keep the secret." "Ah ! it's not altogether that, I expect," re- turned Mrs. Penn, in a tone of significance. "You would keep it, and I would keep it, as in- mates of the family; and yet you see how jealously we are excluded. I suspect the true motive is, that they dare not risk the revelations she might make." "What revelations ?" "You do not, perhaps, know it, Miss Here- ford, but there is a sword hanging over the Chandos family," she continued, dropping her voice to a whisper. "An awful sword. It is suspended by a hair ; and a chance word of betrayal might cause it to fall. Of that chance word the Chandoses live in dread. Lady Chandos, if she be really insane, might drop it." "Over which of them ?" I exclaimed, in dismay. "I had rather not tell you which. It lies over them all, so to say. It is that, beyond question, which keeps Sir Thomas in India : when the blow comes, he can battle with it better there than at home. They lie under enough disgrace as it is : they will lie under far greater then." "They appear to be just those quiet, un- pretending, honourable people who could not invoke disgrace. They—surely you cannot be alluding to Miss Chandos' runaway marriage !" I broke off, as the thought occurred to me. "Tush ! Runaway marriages are as good as others for what I see," avowed Mrs. Penn, with careless creed. "I question if Miss Chandos even knows of the blow that fell on them. I tell you, child, it was a fearful one. It killed old Sir Thomas ; it must be slowly killing Lady Chandos. Do you not observe how they seclude themselves from the world ?" "They might have plenty of visitors if they chose." "They don't have them. Anyone in the secret would wonder if they did. Looking back, there's the disgrace that has fallen ; look- ing forward, there's the terrible blow that has yet to fall." "What is the nature of the disgrace ?—what is the blow ?" Mrs. Penn shook her head resolutely. "I am unable to tell you, for two reasons. It is not my place to reveal private troubles of the family sheltering me ; and its details would not be meet for a young lady's ears. Ill doings generally leave their consequences behind them —as they have here. Harry Chandos—" "There is no ill-doing attaching to him," I interrupted, a great deal too eagerly. A smile of derision parted the lips of Mrs. Penn. I saw that it must be one of two things —Harry Chandos was not a good man, or else Mrs. Penn disliked him. "You don't know," she said. "And if you did, Harry Chandos can be nothing to you." Her light eyes were turned on me with a searching look, and my cheeks went into a red heat. Mrs. Penn gathered her conclusions. "Child," she impressively said, "if you are acquiring any liking for Harry Chandos, dis- acquire it. Put the thought of him far from you. That he may be a pleasant man in inter- course, I grant; but he must not become too pleasant to you, or to any other woman. Never waste your heart on a man who cannot marry." "Cannot he marry ?" "No. But I am saying more than I ought," she suddenly added. "We get led on uncon- sciously in talking, and one word brings out another." I could have boxed her ears in my vexation. Never, never had the idea of marrying Mr. Chandos crossed my mind ; no, not in the wildest dream of dreams. I was a poor depen- dent governess ; he was the presumptive heir to Sir Thomas Chandos. "To return to what I was saying of Lady Chandos," resumed Mrs. Penn. "Rely upon it, I am right: that she has been suddenly afflicted with insanity. There is no other way of accounting for the mystery attaching to that west wing." I sat down to think when she left me. To think. Could it possibly be true, her theory ? were there sufficient apparent grounds for it ? My poor brain—bewildered with the strange events passing around on the surface or beneath the surface, this new supposition one of the strangest—was unable to decide. Had somebody come in to say I'd had a fortune left me, I could not have been more surprised than when Hill appeared with a gracious face. Lady Chandos' carriage was going into Marden on an errand—would I like the drive there and back. It might be a change for me. "You dear, good Hill !" I cried, in my de- light. "I'll never call you cross again." "Then just please to put your things on at once, and leave off talking nonsense, Miss Here- ford," was Hill's reproval. Again, as before, it was a lovely day, and al- together the greatest treat they could have given me. I liked the drive, and I liked the state it was taken in. A magnificent carriage and horses, powdered servants, and one pretty girl seated inside. Which was me ! It was a good opportunity to inquire after my lost handkerchief, and I told James to stop at Mrs. Howard's. I might have dropped it there, and it had no mark. One of the French girls had embroidered it for me as a keepsake, so I valued it. Besides, I only possessed two handsome handkerchiefs in the world—that and another. But the answer, when we got there, was not satisfactory. Mrs. Howard was gone. "On the Continent," they believed. "When will she be back ?" I asked, leaning from the carriage to speak. The servant girl, rather a dirty one, and slip- shod, did not know. Not at all, she thought. Mrs. Howard had left for good. "But does Mrs. Howard not live here ? Is not this her house ?" "No, ma'am. She lodged her for a little while; that was all." I don't know why the information struck on my mind as curious, but it did so. Why should she have been there one day, as it were, and be gone the next ? It might be all right, however, and I fanciful. Mrs. Penn had said—Mrs. Howard herself had said—she was going to visit her daughter in Brussels. Only I had thought she lived in that house at Marden. That evening I found I had to dine alone. Mr. Chandos was rather poorly, not able to eat any dinner, Hickens said. How solitary it was to me, nobody knows. Afterwards, when I was sitting at the window in the dusk, he came down stairs. He had been in the west wing nearly all day. Opening his desk, he took out a bundle of letters ; which appeared to be what he had come for. "You must feel lonely, Miss Hereford ?" "A little, sir." "That 'sir!' " he said, with a smile. "I am sorry not to be able to be down here with you. When I get better, we will have our pleasant times again." I was standing up by the table. He held out his hand to shake mine. Thin and shadowy he always looked, but his face wore a grey hue in the dusk of the room. "I fear you are very ill, sir. Suppose it should be the fever ?" "It is not the fever." "But how can you tell it is not ?" "Do not alarm yourself. It is nothing but— but what I have had before. Good night, and take care of yourself." His tone was strangely sad, his spirits were evidently depressed, and a foreboding of ill fell upon me. It was not lessened when I heard that a bed was made up for him in the west wing, that Lady Chandos and Hill might be within call in the night in case of need. (TO BE CONTINUED.) MARSHAL VAILLANT.—One Vaillant, a black- smith of Dijon having written to claim consul- ship with Marshal Vaillant, the old soldier, after giving some details as to his parentage, re- plied:—"I entered the Polytechnic School at sixteen, and on leaving it joined the corps of Engineers. The promotion from which I ex- perienced the greatest pleasure in the whole course of my career was that of corporal at the school. I went through the Russian campaign and that of 1815. I was made a prisoner at the end of 1813. I was at Waterloo, and wounded in the defence of Paris in 1815. I had my leg laid open by a shell at the seige of Algiers in 1830. My superiors said they were well satisfied with me at the seige of Antwerp in 1832. The emperor told me that he was pleased with me at that of Rome. Such, sir, is my history, nearly complete. If you find in all that any proof of community of origin between your family and mine, I shall be well pleased." Pall Mall Gazette. THE supreme King of Siam is a good astrono- mer, edits an almanac, and takes personal super- vision of the astronomical observations made in the kingdom. He went down to Wai-Wan, in the gulf of Siam, to take charge of the obser- vations of the August total eclipse of the sun. There was a meeting in New York, of capitalists who favor the construction of a canal across the Isthmus of Darien, to connect the Carribean Sea with the Pacific. Queen Isabella owns a large estate in France. Her mother, Maria Christiana, bought it, but the deed is in her daughter's name. The estate is in the neighborhood of Havre, and worth over a million francs. A PORTION of the colony of Swiss settlers, who have purchased a tract of 40,000 acres in Middle Tennessee, near Tullahoma, has already arrived on the ground. Wool growing and wine raising will be their principal occupations. A Woman Suffrage Convention is to be held in at Boston about the middle of next month, when a permanent organization will probably be effected. Somebody stole one of King Rufus' toe-joints when that monarch's sarcophagus was opened recently. A moose was recently captured at St. Mary's, Nova Scotia, which weighed 800 pounds. The antlers extended nine feet apart. 