THE FEANKLIN EXPEDITION. The New York papers of tho loth Septem bsr contains the following : — San Francisco, 13th September. — A party, vouched for as reliable, writes to the Bulletin from Buenaventura, that a document had been found on the beach at that place, on the 30th of August, very badly mutilated. On the do cument was found a request for the finder to forward it to the Secretary of the Admiralty at London, or tho British Consul at the nearest port, the request being printed in six commercial languages on the margin. Every vacant portion was filled with writing relat ing to Sir John Franklin and his party. The document was evidently cast in the water in latitude 69 degrees 37 minutes 42 seconds, and longitude 98 degrees 4 minutos 5 seconds. It gives an account of th« desertion of the ships Erebus,and Terror. The party numbered 105 at the time of the desertion, under the command of F. R. M. Crossier. They had succeeded in reaching the abovo latitude and longitude, where they had found relics of the late Sir John Ross. The document stated that the party had wintered at Beechy Island in 1846 and 1847, and that Sir John Frank lin had died on tho 11th. of June, 1847. it contains many interesting incidents connected with the expedition. Another account, pub lished recently, fixes the latitude at 50£, but this is evidently au error. It is. not stated in what manner tho document was washed upon the shore, whether in a bottle or hermetically sealed can, but it, will probably prove to be an exact duplicate of the papers found by the party of Captain M'Cliutock's, on tho western extremity of King William's Island iu May, 1859\. The extraordinary part of the matter is that the document was tossed about by the waves for twenty-one years, that it must, of necessity, have been carried along that myste rious North-West Passage about which so much has been written, and to establish which so many valuable lives have been thrown away, and that it was cast upon tho strand of the Pacific Ocean, at a distance of more than 8000 miles from the spot. where it was com mitted to tbe sea. The incident of the bottle in Vllomme qui Hit, which encloses the secret of Gwynplaiue's noble birth, and was buffeted about for more than 20 years in the unquiet waters of the Channel, loses its improbability by the light of this recent discovery. Dr. Hall, the Arctic explorer, arrived at New Bedford, on the 2Cth of September, from Re pulse Bay, after an absence of five years. He discovered the skeletous of several of Sir John Franklin's party at King William's Land, and he brings numerous relics ot the Franklin ex pedition. EXTRAORDINARY CAPTURE OF A GHOST. The inhabitants of Chapel-street, Airdrie, Scotland, have, during the past week, been much exercised by a rumour that a ghost was in the habit of nightly haunting Chapel-street and its vicinity. Various reports were circu- lated as to the affair—some affirming that the ghost had come out of Chapel-street Church yard, having been forced therefrom by the over-crowding that prevails that ; while others confidently stated that it was merely a silly prank. One night lately a young woman was proceeding home, and had reached a dark part of the street, when she met the ghostly appearance. She was so over- come that she fainted away. The girl's mother, looking out of the window of her house, also saw the ghost going down Welling- ton-street, and got such a fright that she took her bed, and we understand is still ill. Three young men, who heard of those circumstances, went out for the purpose of meeting the ghost and punching it. Their wish was gratified, but a sight of the 'fearful spectacle' as one of them termed it, proved too much for their courage, and they ran away. On Monday night the ghost proceeded to a brickfield in the vicinity for the purpose of obtaining a light tor his pipe at one of the kilns there, be- ing evidently human enough to partake of the fragrant weed. While enjoying his smoke he was suddenly interrupted by the appearance of some of the workmen, who seeing his strange guise, seized him, and demanded his name. The ghost proved to be a tall man, with his face covered with a black mask, and having himself wrapped up in a white sheet. He refused to tell them his name, but stated that he was doing it for a wager, at the same time begging to be released. The men took pity on him and let him off and Chapel-street has since been freed of his presence. It is certainly to be regretted that the men did not detain the ghost for a night in the police cell, when the infliction of a smart fine in the morn- ing would have made him hesitate the next time he was inclined to repeat his foolish and cruel pranks. B.viiiin'o.— Aa tho bathing season approaches, it will not be out of place if wo call tho attention of our readers to tho following hints which have boon issued by tho lioyal Humano Society. Tho practices which it diaeonntonancos are considered snfo by too many of our bathers, and tho subject is one which deserves some attention from our medical advisers : — ' Avoid bathing within two hours after a vnoal. Avoid bathing whoa ox hausted by fatigue, or from any othor causu. Avoid bathingl when tho body ia cooling af tor porspiration ; but bathe when tho body is warm, provided no timo is lost in getting into tho water. Avoid chilling the body by sitting or standing naked on the banks or in boats after having been in tho water. Avoid remaining too long in the water — louve tho water immediately thoro is the slightest feeling of chillinosa. Avoid bathing altogether in the open air, if, uftor having been a short time in tho wator, thoro is a sonso of chilliness with numbness of the hands and feet. The vigorous and strong nmy butho early in the morning on an empty stomach ; tho young, anu tnoso tnat aro wcaK, imu cotter bathe threo hours after a meal— the best timo for such is from two to three hours aftor broak fast, Thoso who aro subjoct to attacks of giddiness and faintnesa, aud thoso who suffer from palpitation and other sensp of discomfort at the heart, should not bathe without first con sulting their medical adviner.' Armidalo was visited with a terrific hailstorm on Wednesday weok j groat damago was dono to tho crops. Tho jugged pioces of ico were so large that they perforated a corrugated iron akillion roof in Mr. Mooro'a receiving store, in many places, and Mr. Moore had fourteen of his ducks killed. Sliinglos wore split and othors loosened, while orchards and gardens woro do vaatatod. Alderman Fitzgerald's orchard sua tained damages estimated at, £30 ; tho ground^ was covered with fruit, and tho greater part of' the small amount loft on the trees is almost valueless, from its boing so much cut and bruised. Alderman Trim's, Mr. Gordon's, and other residents' gardens shared a similar fate. Some cattle and horses were much hurt, and two geese were killed and ono crippled at Mr. Joseph Daly's place. Several buildings lost a good doal of plaator, through the guttering being choked by tho hail, nnd tho leakage thoroby came down the iuaido of the walls. On Friday evening a nnmbor of the supporters of Sir JarncH Martin, accoinpaniod by Moaara. J. B. Wilson, J. P. Burns, Wisdom, Parkes, and J. Da vies, headed by tho German band, pro ceeded by midnight, to the wharf, to moot tho steamer from Newcastle, which arrived a littlo before two o'clock on Saturday morning. They escorted Sir James up to Mr. Parkes 'a residence in Wynyard-squaro, where he briefly addressed them, and was followed by Mr. Parkes. Tho party then escorted Sir James to his residence, at Pott's Point. The caterpillar pest is swarming in Tasmania. They uro attacking every green thing that comes in their way, not sparing the onions, and. in Bome places the wheat and hay crops have to be cut prematurely to make tho best of it. There is a ahop in Paris fur tho sale of what is generally known as Australian beof, aud which rejoices in tho denomination of ' P. of moat.' ' La viaudo of meat' is extensively advertised on the walls of the capital ; and aa the now War Minister, General Lebosuf , proposes to start a now military paper, ho is strongly recommeudod to give it the title ' Of Meat.' 