PICKINGS FROM SYDNEY JPUNOIl. Tho Umpire's " Flaneur " last Saturday indulges in what appears to Mr. Punch to bo a most unjustifi- able and uncalled-for observation. Speaking on thc Water Supply question, ho remarks that the " Water Commission have most decidedly been in thc childi lately." Such a sneer is truly" a telum imbelle. It appears to Mr. Punch that " in the clouds " is the Îirnpor place for them, nnd if to their presenco there s to bo_ attributed the late wclcomo rainfall, com- mendation rather than sarcasm should be showered on them in return. MATIIIMONM.II.-Young lady advertisers in tho above line are advised by Mr. Punch to savo their money and pay merely a vi-it to the City Night Heftige nnd Soup Kitchen, where it is duly notified that " men of all kinds are always on hand. COOK'S MEMOIUAL.-The mooting hold nt tho Vic- toria Theatre on Monday afternoon, for the objeet of raising a monument or some other memorial to Captain Conk, was a great success, if numerous attend ince and tremendous enthusiasm may ho tnken as indica- tions of thc fact. Mr. Punch heartily sympathises with tho movement. Some interesting fucts in refer- ence to tho great navigator were introduced, and great stress «as laid on the expediency of having tho testimonial completed next your, which would bo tho centenary of his landing on theso shores. All thc assembly seemed to be, however, unaware of one very curious coincidence, willi which' it ls Mr. Punch's distinguished privilege tn make them acquainted. Thc aforesaid meeting at tho Victorin Theatre was held on thc OOM anniversary of Cook's death at Owhyhce. CnoiciANA.-The Hon. Mr. Owen nt tho Cook Meeting, put in n somewhat peculiar claim to special interest in the movement. Ile snid, nccording to thc Empire, " Captain Cook was a fellow-countryman, haring spent his early dugs at the coal trade." This is the first time Mr. Punch ever heard that working at thc same trade constituted compatiiotism. Possibly, however, the discoverer of the colony nnd our distin- guished colon-ist wero buth natives of Co(n)lon. Tho lion, John Campbell abo got rallier rabid on thc same occasion, for be enid, speaking of tho effect of tho stutuo nu future générations, " Thc boys nnd girls would bo getting married by-and-byo, and they would be having mnnv likenesses of Cuptain Conk." Now it strikes Mr. Punch tint such a consummation is not devoutly to be wished. As too many Cooks are pro- verbially acknowledged to spoil thc broth, so they would be instrumental in gibing rather a monotonous feature to the appearance of our population. Fancy a nation ot "cooks!" Why they would be worso than Chinamen ! A Melbourne telcgrnm inform! us tbnt 11 Jobn Tittle, accused ol' forgerv on thc Nationnl ljanh, bas been acquired." It is fuir tu infer that tbero was not a " tiltia " of evidence ngnitiBt bim, but doc» tbnt afford a tittle" rca«on wiry tho "magic wires" should spell "acquitted" with ono TP "Wanted nsingleman forbedstond and safemaking." -Herald. What can be this man's duties ? To heep guard over his employer's four-poster all day, keep it from the ills that iour-posters are heir to, and make the bcd so safely that its occupant may be " safe " not to tumble out of lt, oven after a very " carly morning ramble " before the milkman calls ?-in short, n modern "Groom of the Chamber ?" Thursday's Umpire informs us that the Cook Com- memoration Committee met yesterday in thc Judges' Chambers, and determined in favor-not of a Statuo -not of n Clock Tower-not of a Philanthropic Cook Shop-but a " STATUTE." This is a melancholy in 8tanco nf tho effect of assembling in a Law Court. L»t us hope tho Statute will be a good one, nnd havo for its objeet tho " cooking " of all such idiotic and disgraceful transactions ns have shamed Kew South Wulcs out of her propriety for thc last ton months. AK INFANTILE PHENUMENON.-Somebody advertises for a " girl to mind a baby that can walk and bo use- ful." Mr. Punch can hardly suppose that ibis situa- tion will remain long unfilled, for who cnuld object to look after n " little darling " with 6uch precocious accomplishments. A useful baby P Whoever heard of such a thing before 1 (iggy*'Punch, your are a biute !-Judy). A SHOCKING HAD 'UN.-A clergyman has lost his (.ilk umbrella, and advertises for it ns a " clergyman'* umbrella." Mr. Punch would certainly bo puzzled by what distinctive foaturo to identify n " clergyman's umbrella " from any other of thc genus. Perhaps it is /iofc-icr than anybody else's, Toby suggests. Clover dog! A MOHNINO CAU,.-Milk, ho ! " Wanted, a Circulnr Sawyer. Apply Sow MÍIIB, next Gasometer, Woolloomooloo, after" ten o'clock. Hear Mr. Punch,-Dipping into my Herald nt my matutinal meal the other day I was astonished at finding tho ubovo advertisement. In addressing you on tho subject, I merely wish to observe that although I have frequently heard and rend of upright nnd straight-forward mon, it has never before come to my knowledge that there were circular ones too. Perhaps you, Mr. Punch, amongst your multitudinous acquire- ments, may bc possessed of some infbnnntion regard- ing this very interesting subject, mid would inform the public, especially your rcuders, os to the habits and occupations of this member of the genus homo. Yours very truly, A LOVEU OF PUNCH. Mr. Punch was slightly thunderstruck-not to say electrified-at reading tho following among the Herald advertisements. " Wuntid n Curled Hair Devil, apply immediately, stating price, ftc." Parkes ! Parkes I Aro you " at it again P " Political Darnum of tho Southern Hemisphere, are you really going in for another now " sensation " to keep the gamo alive. " Exit Ghost. Enter Devil ! " It won't do my boy ! oh dear, no ! never no more. 