THE POPERY OF RITUALISM ; or, -ROMANISM IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND By John Search."), No. II. . In. a former number ot the Standard we s gave; a brief summary of the things for which the Ritualists are contending. We . pointed to the fact that a party similar . to, , if not entirely i identical with the Ritualists, have existed in the Church ever -isince.the time of the English Reformation. "Wi!; quoted Bishop Jewel, Macaulay, and ..others for the purpose of showing that the Reformation in England was compromis- ed, that the English Church is the result < of .that compromise, that Ritualism is- the ..natural and legitimate offspring of the Popish doctrines and ceremonies retained by the said church, and that while the fone remains the other will remain also. We have now to trace the effect of this compromise as it appears in the pages of 'ithe:Book of Common Prayer, and shall hhave to point to some of the Popish doc- -otrines and ceremonies found therein. We do this not from any desire to expose the weakness and inconsistences of the Church s of.England, but because the interests of our : common Protestantism require that " the birth-place and strong-hold of that mongrel part-Popish and part- Protestant thing — Ritualism — should be clearly "identified. With regard to the origin of the Prayer >Book, we take the following from "The -Duties op the Parish Priest." Being 4 a course of Lectures delivered at the Uni versity of Cambridge to the Students in Divinity. By J. J. Blunt, B.D., 1858. ' He says: — At the same time, you will not fail to perceive c-on tho whole, after an investigation such as I . have suggested, that the staple of our Prayer Book is not to be looked for in the continental forms of public worship and ministration of ; offices which made their appearance about that; "times that it is not to Luther, or Molanthon," v or to Calvin, or to to Buccr, or to Pollanus, or -.to any other of the leaders of the Reformation abroad, that the substance, the stamina of our ' Prayer Book is to be ascribed, much as it is the '''fashion of modern times to give to these and -"Other 'contemporary names a vast interest in it. .;) ' And, true it undoubtedly is, that some influence '.-in it (more especially on the second edition. of it), one or other of them had. But you will not fail 1 perceive, I say, that the Prayer Book in ' the main, was a revision and reconstruction of 1 tho services of the Romish Church ; those ser- \- >vices which had held possession of the country ...up to that time, and which naturally therefore fay. before the Reformers as the draught on . .. which' tliey had to exercise their learning and judgment ; those services which, in their turn, "had for their substance, for their staple, for their stamina , the primitive Liturgies, to which Litur- ,;,gieB it was the express business of the Reformers " to. our pwn still closer. Meanwhile the principle which guided the" Reformers ' in all their proceedings being, not- to extinguish tra dition, embodied in these offices as an interpre ter of Scripture, and to set up individual opinion in its stead, but to purify tradition, and then retain it, and use it. Seo page 120, &c.; In the reign of Henry VIII (1537) a book was composed and published, called The Godly and pious institution of a Christian man, containing the Lord's Prayer, the Ave Maria, the Creed, the Ten Commandments, and the Seven Sa craments, &c.; In 1540, and in 1543, it waB published with corrections and alterations under a new title. In 1545, King Henry's Primer was published, con taining, in addition to the Lord's Prayer, &c.;, the Venite, TeDeum, and other hymns and collects, in English. In 1549, ap peared, under the authority of Edward VI., a book with the following title — The Book op Common Prayer, and adminis tration of the Sacraments and other rites and ceremonies in the Church of England. This book was revised and published with additions in 1552 ; the use of both books was confirmed by acts of Parliament, which acts were repealed in the first year of Queen Mary and remained so until the ascension of Elizabeth. In 1559, the second book of King Edward VI. was re vised and published with numerous ad ditions, by the authority of Elizabeth. In 1604, some slight alterations were made in the book as left by Elizabeth, by the authority of James I. The finishing touch was given to this book in 1661, by the authority of Charles II., when, ac cording to some of its admirers, it was made so perfect as to be placed almost, if not quite, on a level with Holy Scripture, and became " so lovely and ravishing, that; like the purest beauties, it needs no supplement of art and dressing, but con quers by its own attractions, and wins the affections of all but those who do not see it clearly." — It was forced upon the Eng lish nation by Elizabeth, and again by Charles II., by act of Parliament called — " an Act of Uniformity of Common Prayer." In the former of theso it was ordered "that all clergymen refusing to use King Edward's Book of Common Prayer, should be punished, for the first offence, with forfeiture of one year's profits of their benefices, and six months imprison ment; for the second, with one years' imprisoment and deprivation ; for the third, with deprivation and imprisonment for life. All persons either speaking any thing: against the said service-book, or causing any other forms than those it prescribed, to be used in any church, chapel, or other place, in the performance of prayer or the administration of the sacraments, were subject to a penalty of one hundred marks (value 13s. 4d. each) for the first offence, of four hundred marks for the second, and for the third to for feiture of goods and imprisonment for life; and a fine of one shilling was inflicted on every person absent from his parish church without cause, on Sunday or holyday." The act passed by the authority of Charles, and which came into force in 1662, was, if possible, more stringent, cruel, and oppressive. How much of the very worst elements of Popery these acts contained, and how utterly alien tbey were to the entire spirit of Christianity, as exhibited in the New Testament, the reader requires not to be. told. The per sons who sought by such means, to ad vance what they called worship, could have had but little faith, in either God, or man. or truth. We are sure that nn intelligent, right-minded member of the Church of England can read those acts without a blush of shame, to think that Christianity should have been so degraded by those who professed to be its most at tached friends. As we have before us the two books of Edward VI., that of Eliza beth, and also that of Charles II., and as we have compared them with some atten tion, we may be allowed to say, that look ing from a strictly Protestant stand-point the comparison is altogether in favour of the books of Kdward VI., for in each suc ceeding alteration there has been but ono object in view, and that object has been to bring the Book of Common Prayer, inte closer conformity to its Romish original. The reason for this is not far to seek, it is here, the Romish element in the Prayer Book has created a want it has not been able to supply. Ifc will be well to remem ber this fact, for we are mistaken if it is not the key to the more recent Ritualistic developments. Having already shown that trae Protestantism is but little indebted to Queen Elizabeth,: it- may be worth our while to try to ascertain if Charles II., to whom we are indebted for the Prayer Book; as it no w stands,- -was 'more'tPro- testant in his principles and tendencies, or more fitted by. Lis wisdom and piety/ for filling the office of " supreme head of the Church," or for furthering the real interests of Protestantism, than his pre decessors, the Tudors, had been. Here let us call attention to what Macaulay says of him. Essays, Vol. I. 327- Ho thought little and cared less about religion. Ho seeinB to have passed his life in dawling sus- pence between Hobbism and Popery. He was crowned in bis youth with the Covenant in his hand j ho died at last with the host sticking in his throat ; and during most of the intermediate years, was occupied in persecuting both Cove nanters and Catholics. Again, in his History, vol. I. 168, &c.;, ho says : — According to him, every person was to oo bought ; but some people haggled more about their price than others ; and when this haggling was vbl'y obstinate and very skilful it was called by some fine name. The chief trick by which clever men kept up the price of their abilities was called integrity. Tho chief trick by which handsome women kept up tho prico of their beauty was called modesty. Tho love of God, the love of country, tho lovo of family, tlio lovo of friends, were pluses of the same sort, dolicato and convenient synonymcs for the love of self. Thinking thus of mankind, Charles naturally cared very little what tlioy thought of him. Honour and sliame were scarcely more to him than light and darkness to the blind. His contempt of flattery has been highly commended, but seems, when viewed in' connection with the rest of his character, to de serve no commendation. It is possible to be below flattery as well as to bo above it. Again, — In tho religious disputes which divided his Protestant subjects his conscience was not at all interested. For his opinions oscillated in a state of contented suspense between infidelity and Popery. Gilfillan, in his Martyrs Heroes and Bards of the Scottish Covenant has the following : — The epitaph of Charles II. should bo— Ho was the most profligate of men, and his profligacy was the best, thing about him ; at least the most sincere. His very clinging to Popery was a lost trick, a clumsy attempt to cheat the devil who is quite competent, however, to attend to his own interests. Such was Charles II., by whose au thority the Book of Common Prayer un derwent its last revision and alteration, and by whom it was forced upon the con science of the nation, and such were not a few of his advisers and friends. The following is from a discourse on Ecclesias tical Polity, by Samuel Parker, D.D., afterwards Bishop of Oxford, published in 1669\. I quote from the first edition, now before me, in which lie. says : — And if Princes would but consider, how liable mankind are to abuse themselves with various and conscientious villanies, thoy would quickly see it to bo absolutely neceBsnry to tho peace and happiness of their kingdoms,- that there be set up a more severe, government over men's consciences and roligious persuasions, than over their vices and immoralities. For, of all villains, the well meaning zealot is the ynost dangerous. Again he Bays : — I shall now refer tho reader to my book ; where I think' I havo proved enough to satisfy any man of ordi nary understanding, that indulgence and tolera tion is tho most absolute sort of anarchy, and that princes may, with loss hazard,' give liberty to men's vices and debaucheries, than to their consciences. What does the reader think of this? Yet it was written by a dignitary of the English Church, who, for the writing of this, and a number > of other, books of a similar character, received the bishopric of Oxford, from this profligate monarch, and his licentious court. That such; pas sages could have been written by a pro fessed minister of Christ, without bring ing down upon the head of their . author, the contempt, and scorn of the entire com munity, says little, for the piety and right feeling of the times ; but that the authoi should, as a reward for such raeu- dacity have been thrust into the episcopal chair, and should have been allowed to occupy it, is a terrible reflec.ion upon the Church as well as UDon the State. Such passages as the above, when placed side by side with the cruel and sanguinary provisions of the act of uniformity, give us but a very poor idea of the qualifica tions of the men of those times for saying what should, or what should not, consti tute the public prayers of the nation. Another thing it may be well to put in a clear light is this, that the last alterations were introduced into Prayer Book, and that the most stringent clauses embodied in the act of conformity were for the express purpose of shutting out of the national Church many of the most learned and devoted ministers that church contained. It is said when Dr. Allen remarked to Bishop Sheldon, with reference to the terms of conformity then enjoined, — " It is a pity the door is so strait" ; he re plied "it is no pity at all; if we had thought so many of them would have con formed, we would have made it straiter." Of those driven away from the Church of England by the Prayer Book and by the atrocious act by which its use was en forced, take the following testimony. It will he found in Vol. V. of the works of the Rev. John Newton, himself a-minis- ;ter, and a great admirer of ' the English Church. He says: — Tho greater part of the Non-Conformisfcinin- isters of that day wore the light and glory of tho land. Thoy were mon full of faith ond of the Holy Ghost, penetrated with a deep sense'of the Redeemer's glory and lovo, and of tho worth of souls. Their ministrations wore accompanied with unction and power, and they were instru mental in turning many sinners from their evil wnys. It is no wonder that tho world hated such men ; that snares were spread for their feet, their liberty abridged, and that many said, "Away with thom, they aro not worthy to live." — things were studiously carried againBt them with a high hand. The exaction of re-ordination, and tho little tiino allowed for subscribing the Book of Common Prayer, which many of tho ministers had not been able to procure when the law called for thoir assent to it, wero two cir cumstances which greatly contributed to swell the Bartholomew-list (winch amounted to more than 2,000). It was well known to some of the leaders in the unhappy business, that there were among tho Non-Conformists wise and moderate men, who were not disposed to quit their parochial cures, unless they were constrained by.the harshest and most violent measures ; such there fore, were the measures they adopted. Seo page <t and 5.. With re»ard to the doctrine and ten dency of the Prayer Book, all .we shall say at present is that considerable diver sity of opinion exists on th:s subject even among Churchmen. Dr. Donaldson, in his Christian Orthodoxy, accepts and tries to justify the following—" It seems to me that, excepting the doctrine of the ever blessed Trinity , I have no doctrine and no faith to teach as certainly the faith and doctrines of the Church of England." See page 421 and note. The following is from " Liturgical Purity — our Rightful Inheritance," by John C. Fisher, M.A. The author is an intelli gent and zealous member of the Church of England. At page v. he says : — Romanism amd Rationalism are, at' the pre sent moment, fearfully prevalent throughout the land. Both, it is believed, are largely fostered by tho sacerdotal and sacrainentariam tendencies of the Prayer-book, derived from so many, and at the same time such -incongruous sources. Both, moreover, aro . likely to be per petuated indefinitely by the continued use, in our various Schools and other Educational In stitutions, of a Catechism so largely- pervaded by the sacramentarian Eleme .t,,and — we. aro sorry to add — 60 ent irely devoid of any distinct enun ciation of, or oven ullusioh to the grand essen tial doctrines of the gospol. We hope that it may turn out other wise. In our next article we shall allow the Prayer-book to speak for itself. . 