SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSO- CIATION. The opening meeting of the South Australian Baptist Association was held in the new school- room, Flinders-street, on Tuesday evening, October 19\. There was a large attendance of minister -and members of the denomination; and the Chairman for the past year, Rev. H. J. Lambert, of Norwood, presided. The proceedings, having been opened with singing and prayer; the Chairman briefly remarked that the object for which they had met was to listen to several papers in relation to Church work, and he trusted the brethren present would enter heartily into a discussion upon them, their object being the real good of themselves and others. The Rev. J. L. DAVIES, of Yankalilla, said he would give them an epitome of his paper, the subject of which was "Making.progress in the knowledge of God's Truth." He remarked that all truth was God's, but this particular kind was that which related to the knowledge of God Himself, as revealed in Holy Writ. Now this revelation was not committed to the custody of any one individual, as nothing in nature was the exclusive property of one man more than another. Therefore revelation belonged to the entire human race. Another question arose as to the right of interpreting God's truth; and inas- much as holy men, had spoken as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, and their words were committed to writing, which God had preserved through boundless ages down to the present time, no one man was appointed to interpret it to the exclusion of others. They were to take the Bible as it was, understood by themselves. As it was the right of our common humanity, all had the privilege of using it, and those who had taken the exclusive right of interpreting it must produce evidence to prove their right, and none such could be forthcoming. The truth of God and the progress made in it meant progress made in the .knowledge of the Scriptures. The Bible contained all they knew of God; and the duty of Churches in relation to the written revelation might be said to consist of this —to train up a company of believers, and prepare them for heaven, and to extend beyond its own limits a knowledge of God's truth. It was ex- pected to supply its members with the known will of God, to expound the Scriptures, and teach others the knowledge they required. It was the duty of the Church to raise up a succession of free expounders of this truth, and it was the duty of individuals to study for themselves, to meditate upon, enquire, remember, and obey them. The Church also should endeavour to keep before the age and not behind it. The great progress in the past was due to the truth of the Bible, and the Church should always avail itself of the researches of learned men and those aids which assisted their progress in scriptural truth. Certain conditions were necessary to progress, but let no one suppose that individuals of learning were essential. One thing, however, was essential — honesty and a sincere desire to know the Lord. Another condition was this—free men must have a free Bible, and they must not expect their preachers to be advocates for any particular doctrine laid down according to the will of man. They must not expect their teachers to be the agents of a sect: they must have perfect liberty to be the free expounders of God's truth. Their work was a higher one than building up sects which were not a few years ago, and in a few more would disappear; but the truth of God abideth for ever. He thought freedom was the very thing which would result in the final diffusion of truth and the union of all Christians. Give them a free Bible, a free pulpit, intelligent, honest, free, and clear preachers in the pulpit, and the truth was bound to extend itself. In the course of time Christians now divided would come nearer and nearer to each other, and they would all attain to the unity of the saints, and a knowledge of the love of God. An expression of opinion then followed, the dis- cussion in the majorty of instances taking the form of a relation of personal experience and growth in divine truth, the Revs. S. Mead, W. O. Ashton, J. Price, and J. L. Parsons, and Messrs. Daniel and Chambers speaking. The Rev. H. L. Tuck of Stockport, then read the following paper:—" The subject of this paper has been given as expressed in these words, 'On direct effort by our Church members for the con- version of souls.' It is assumed that it is the duty of Church members to seek the conversion of souls. If Church members are also members of Christ then freely they have received, and can anything be more obvious than that freely they should give to those who still need what they have already obtained? Freely they have received of the grace of God. They cannot actually bestow that grace upon others, but they may become means by which it shall be communicated. Nothing less is intended when our Lord says—and he says it to all disciples—'Ye are the light of the world,' and 'Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in heaven.' The Word of God teaches us that distinguished rewards await those who 'turn many to righteousness,' and 'him that converted a sinner from the error of his way.' It is not prophets or apostles as such, or any class of official labourers as such, who are spoken of as being capable of such a work and of receiving such a reward. It is they that turn many to righteousness, no ecclesiastical distinction what ever being intended. It is simply 'He that con- verted,' whether he be a Church member only, or a deacon, an elder, or a bishop. We regard it as conclusive that Church members, as well as those who hold office in the Church, may as agencies turn many to righteousness or convert the sinner from the error of his ways; and if they may do it, considering the momentous interests involved, it must be their duty to seek to do it. How many there are within our reach who are not converted! Perhaps we have children or very near relatives, or intimate friends who are not converted. Many whom we are continually seeing, whose daily work we superintend, or with whom we are continually acting in matters of business, are not converted; and unless they are converted and become as little children, they cannot see the kingdom of God. What can we do that peradventure they may be converted and saved? In what we have advanced we have assumed that Church members have it in their power to seek the conversion of souls. If they had not, certainly it would be no part of their duty. But they have it in their power. Christ manifestly requires His disciples to seek the con- version of others. He would not require them to seek it if they had no way of seeking it. The fact that God has blessed the efforts of sincere Christians in this direction, even when they have themselves possessed but little strength, little knowledge, and but little aptitude, shows what they have in their power to do with God's bless- ing—'Out of the rnouth of babes and sucklings He has perfected praise' —All are not capable of the same kind of effort, but all are capable of doing something. We are all capable of letting our light shine before men, i.e., all are capable of mani- festing and commending the truth of God by a truly Christian example. Now we should earnestly endeavour to cultivate a Christian spirit and manifest a correct Christian example, not only for our own peace and welfare, but with a view to attract the attention of others to religion, and draw them into the paths of religion. 'A little leaven Ieaveneth the whole lump.' Some may say this is only indirect effort, and that of course all are doing. "We say it is the first step in direct effort, and we say all are not doing it. We must express our fear that a large proportion of us are not taking any pains to develop and unfold the Christian life for the sake of others. We, too, often do it exclusively for ourselves, having little concern for the spiritual need of others, and not seeking to exert an influence upon them which may save them. We should bring Christ down from above by our own Christian-like behaviour, that others may see Him for them- selves, and when they get a fair view of Him, they may be asked with some force of reason, will ye also be His disciples? Will they not begin to ask it of themselves? Now, this would be letting in the light upon the darkness of others. This would be affirming to them that they might read for themselves an epistle of Christ, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; and where our speech would be contemptible this epistle of a Christian life would be weighty and powerful. Now, whether we call this direct effort or not, it is the kind of effort that is the most effective. Nor is any other kind of effort of much use unless preceded by this. We may be able to write pathetic letters, and say very pointed things to unconverted people, and supply them with an endless number of appropriate religious tracts; but it will be no match for a holy Christian life—a life which we endeavour to live more and more that we ourselves may be life to the dead. The world is very dark, brethren; let as arise and shine, and be this dark world's light. Many, many are dead; let us erect above them the living power of a Christian example that tbey may live. There are various modes of direct Christian effort which we should use as we are able or occasion may require. A word spoken in its season, how good! How often such seasons occur, and if we did but recognise them and grasp the opportunity for speaking the word which, would put them in the right place, how much precious seed we might sow which would live and abide for ever. Perhaps we often say serious and important things out of place. Some inferior motive prompts us to speak. Sometimes, for appearance sake, we think we must speak when it would be more upright of us not to speak, and it would be wiser of us not to speak; but there are occasions, not a few, which ought to stir up our hearts and impel us to speak earnestly and solemnly of things which pertain to the soul's salvation. The afflictions which are common to all men we think more especially afford the occasions we have spoken of. How often and how easily we may find our way to the house of mourning, or to some scene of anxiety and trouble, and if we work skil- fully and tenderly there is good hope that our words will not fall to the ground. Brethren, visit the widow and the fatherless in their affliction, visit the bereaved of every class, visit those who are in want and adversity, visit the sick and the dying. Weep with those who weep; do not talk to them so much about the mysteries of Providence, or dwell too exclusively on the duty; of submission or the benefits of affliction, but rather go down with them to the depths of their sorrow; for the time make their trouble your own, that you may do it effectually; recall your own griefs, live over again those hours when death severed some of your holiest and tenderest ties, or when misfortune or falsehood and deceit on the part of others robbed you of your own and left you desolate. Suffer with them, and there tell them that 'the Lord liveth;' that He doth not afflict willingly; that He chastens for our profit; that Jesus came to bind up the broken-hearted; that He has borne their griefs and carried their sorrows; that having suffered, being tried, He is able to succour them that are tried. Tell them how in their affliction He stands at the door and knocks, and desires peace and friendship to be established between them. By such means, with the blessing of the Holy Spirit, you may lead their : souls to God. The afflictions of human life afford a very wide scope for direct Christian effort, and a sphere in which our labours may be followed by great results. We may just say here that tract distribution affords great facility for getting at the poorer classes, and Church members, of age and experience more especially, would find great encou ragement in that line of effort. Christian parents and heads of households ought to make direct, earnest, prayerful effort for the conversion of chil- dren and members of their families: and if such asked us what to do with a view to this, we should say, first leave off to do what is hindering their conversion: leave off your irritability and impa- tience which at once repels them from you, and makes sometimes your religious profession look hideous; leave off your excessive levity, which makes them think that spiritual mindedness is but a force: leave off your wordliness and covetousness, and needlessly expensive habits, which make them wonder what you mean when you talk about not being conformed to this world; leave off your backbiting, which makes them ridicule a profes- sion of Christian love; leave off your disparaging your minister, and running down his sermons, which you were too careless to understand, too worldly-minded to appreciate, whereby you have often destroyed hopeful impressions, perhaps made by those same sermons. If you would seek to convert your households, do things yourselves meet for repentance, and pray without ceasing for their conversion - practically describe to them the path of the just; let them see in you that shining light which shineth more and more unto the perfect day, and then with some force you may say to them—and you ought to say it to them— we are journeying to the place of which God hath said, 'I will give it you.' Come with us and we will do you good. If we employ others in our business we incur a responsibility in respect to them. We are debtors to them as much as Paul was a debtor to Greeks and barbarians. We are bound to endeavour to the utmost to give them correct impressions of religion for the purpose of enlisting them on its side, and to speak what our own hearts believe when circumstances open for us a door of utterance. Such responsibilities beset us in every relation of life, and seeking to win souls was without doubt the duty of all who have found peace for themselves The kind of effort we put forth must be according to the exigencies of the case; but this we can do in all cases. This we are bound to do—it is the least we can do. We can be light-bearers to others by walking in the light ourselves, and approving ourselves as children of the light. We are always exerting an influence upon others for good or for evil. Why should it not be wholly for good? Why not always serve our generation according to the will of God. We are not our own. We are bought with a price; not silver or gold, but the precious blood of Christ. What it has done for us should incite us to do our utmost in His service, and an essential part of that service is seeking to bring others to Him. We cannot labour in vain, though we know little or nothing about results now. Our works will follow us when we rest from our labours, and will be declared in those whom we have been the means of leading to the throne of God, and who shall be our joy and our crown for ever. "Therefore, beloved brethren, be steadfast, unmovable, always abound ing in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord." At its close brief remarks followed by the Revs. J. Price, Mead, Parsons, Badger, and Davies. and Messrs. McCormac, T. S. Reed, and J. Williams, instances being given of the great power for good possessed by Church members, and useful sugges- tions as to the mode in which that power might be applied. The CHAIRMAN said there had not been time to prepare a third paper on the "Best Mode of Conducting Public Worship and Prayer Meetings," and having announced the business meeting of the Association for the next day, with the united communion of the Evangelicai Alliance in the evening, to which all members of Churches are invited, the proceedings closed with praise and prayer. 