TakraLuuo BSer.-As some doubts have existed in the minds of both drovers and sheep-holders as to the meaning of the fortlethclaunese of the Sheep Diseases Prevention Act, directing owners of travel ling sheep to procure a certificate from the inspector of the district before setting out upon a 'journey and much inconvenience to the drover, and much alarm to the station-holder, lest soab should be disseminated by uncertfioated travelling sheep hav. log been occasioned thereby, it has been considered advisable by many o ithe squatters of this partol the country, that the opinion of the chief inspector should be obtained upon the matter, c -A telegram was accordingly. the other day despatched by Mr. Thomson, of Urans, to the chief Inspector, asing for the desired Information, and to this we are In formed, the following telegraphic reply Las been re ceived -" The certificate isnecessary please de mand inspection, and ask your neighbours to do so." From this it appears that it'l i'mperative upon all owners of travelling sheep coming from one infected district, or from a distriet adjoining an Infected oalony, to procure a certificate of health from the inspector of the district before starting, or in default to render themselves liable to the infliction of a £50 penalty. As since the receipt of this telegram' we learn that the. station-holders of this district, with a laudable fear of scab before their "yes have determ. toed to proceed against persons It?velhne with fim properly, nncertifeated sheep, we should strongly recommend such- persons to on no account; neglect compliance with the provisions of the' act. ' From the Immense number of sheep now upon the roads there is more than ordinary danger of Infection this season, and station-holders have n consequence be come more than ordinarily jealous with regard to the travellers, and watchful in insisting that all the safe. guards against it provided by the act shall be rigour. ously complied with.' For the better Information of travelling owners we give below the fortleth clause of the act referred to in full e-" Any owner Intend ing to travel sheep from any district in which Infeoc tion exists or has existed within a.period of twelve months previously or from a district adjoining any disetrlict in which infection exists or has eisted withlin a like period'or' from any distriotadjoining any colony which may be notified inthe Gazette from time to time by the minister as colony in which infection exists shall before doing so apply for and obtain a certifloate from an inspector in the form of ScBohedule I hereto which such owner shall produce when required to any owner, proprietor or Inspector and any owner intending to travel. sheep from any other district shall give the inspector notice of such intention stating the date of departure route and destination of such sheep. "And every owner falling to comply with any of the requirements of this sec. tiono hsall incur a .penalty. not . exceeding fifty B, a toona Ticuaon?a.-The Melbourne' Argu sayst- Some.time ?go we copied'from the Leeds Mercury a statement with respect to the claimant of the Tichbornreestates, which certainly was not com. plimentary to him and his pretensions. .We take from the same journal, however, the following contra. diction signed by Mr, B. larwood of Leamlogton t -'e am astonished to see an extraordinary,report relative to the Tichborne case, In the Mercury,, I alleges that a brother of Bir Roger Tiohborpe.hba made some revelation to damage the baronet and the rightful o rne to his estates.. 1 know him full and was with him to the eve of hise saun for Sooth America in September to establish hiL r ests in his property. I am u satisfid of hisndeu. tity as I m f of my wn existenoe.. No I m?e?a would or coold be recognised a be ha be br :ver gentleman of IIamphire-- by every tenantof the fichborne estates in existence fourtaen ?? r ago, when be first went abroad. II' -? , bM ther; his last surviving brother died two years ia.. Pray send me the paper containing the; ufouuded. and mischievoeus statement. I hope you wll now be able to peremptorily oontradict It.". , , n , Tna RaE,. U. 8 BSASoax.--W, have bes'I formed that the second operation on one ofthe Bye, I. 8. Seaborn's eyes was performed by Dr.'Forte: quo, assisted by Dr. Milford, on the 22nd altimo, a and that the cataract was suooeesfully removed. It Is hoped that the reverend gentleman's eight will be permanently benefited thereby.-- ondaga Time, . T. RtKxo Ilears.-W learn that the claim of. Orbuhb and Co on the EmnraCrek, !Klmo,Jlooks very well, and that they have. seoently crushed two lots of stone at WVoolnough's machine, Cootao, which gaive the satisfactory return of over 3 otn. per ton for one lot, and of over 4 oss. per ton for the other. Over 90 oza. were.realised from the crashing, and, this result may be taken as another indication of the satisfactory manner in which the proprietor of the above machine discharges his fnoctonls.-Gouodagal Times. I" tocxrnxmrro.-Friday.An express train was dispatched last night to the westward, and brought down Inspector Murray's troopers. Inspector Mer.fi ray and troopers, with Bob-inspector Elliott and some constable., started for the locality of the sup. posed murder of Halligan, and. returned this even. ing; they found a bullet.-ark In a tree near where a piece of the coat, hat, and whip were found. Also, a few yards distant, a quantity of leaves saturated, and the ground much soddened with blood. : Thcre is no clue to the mystery yet. Another large party go out to- morrow-to assist the police to prosecute the search.--Telegram to 8, fI lierald? Ties Iasts ATraurr AT SnowDra AT A?simn.-. John Carroll, the man who, about a fortnight sinee, attempted to kill himself by cutting his throat in Upper Araluen, expired on Friday morning in the. lockup, to which place he had been removed. IIe was a men of advanced age and in too weak a state to rally. He died from sheer exhaustion. , Had it not been for his debilitated condition, Dr.!Redhead, who attended upon him, is of opinion that there was nothing to prevent his recovery, from the wound Itself, which was not of a fatal Dnature., An ionquest was held at the court house, Araluen, on Friday, before J. W. Bann, Esq., and a jury, of twelve. It appeared & the evidence that deoeasedwas found' lying in an outhouse in Upper Araluen, by a miner named Charles Grant, about nine o'clock on: the, night of the 17th Instant, with his throat cut and a quantity of blood about hlm,, which act he said he had committed himself. He was removed to Mr. Armstron's publlo.house, where .Dr. iRedbead was, in immediate attendance upon him, and from whence,: he was removed by the police to the lockunp on the 19th Instant. Sergeant Brennan who remained in charge of deceased on the night of the 17th Instant, deposed that deceased stated, he had been in Mr.' Eaton's employ, at Back Creek for the last seven months, that be had, come to .rown Flat about ten days before and had been drinking up , to. that time; that during that period he believed there had been something put in his drink to kill him during the night he said, "what a fearful thing it is for a man to take his own life away; every person has his trouble and I have mine,'! a add er. wards, "I wish the cold of death was on mea".' De. ceased had been attended by Dr.,Redhead in the lock.up until the day prior to bhis death. Ile never appeared to rally, but graduallyi sank away, and expired at fire minutes to two on Friday morning. Deceased was in his sixty.ninth year. Dr.: Morton deposed that he had made a post.mortem examina. tion of the body and was of opinion' that deceased's death was caused by acute inflammation, of the lunge In an already broken.down constitution. The wound in the throat was not the immediate cause of. death, he said, in answer to a juryman; ;but it might have accelerated death, The Jur returned a verdit' that deceased came by his death in conseequence of a wound in the throat inflicted by himself whit. labour. nlog under temporary insanity caused: by drink. Draidwood Dispatch * . ,.: , ,, Ronsar . u anza Axus.-George ' Wallace' and George Bale. have been arrested by the Murrombur.* rai police, and were brought upon Thursday last at' the Burrows police-court, before J, N. Ryan, Esq., charged with having been 'engaged In the sticking. up of Mrs. Corooran's premises, Iovell's Creek, onar the 28th of February last. :Bales has been- poet. Lively Identified, by Mrs. Corcoran' as one of theo parties.- Both prisoners, were, remanded for' seven days.-On Friday evening, Monoted.oonstablt IIud. son arrested a person named Taylor; on suspicion of being connected .with the same robbery.-Durrowa • D BsoTIoNa AT AruxT.-- Beletlones to the r amount of 2171 acres were taken! up on Thursday, the 29th April, at the Albury land office.-Banner. A Livn GInosT.-We hae something sensational to record at last, ' A' real live ghost is making now. turnal visitations in the neighbourhood of Wyagdon. The spectre haunts, .a particular tree, is phosphores. cent,. and makes the.: air resoundl with frightfulr shrieks, yells aundgroan?.: orse shy at:the sp.l " parittlon,. and everybody In the district Is more or ' less scared.?! It is said, a. party, of gentlemen went .. out a night or two ago, armed with a gun, to make'; ` the, acquaintance of the ghostly visitor, but they have never been heard of since I Whether our in.' formant meant that be had'not.heard'of the result ' of their expedition, or. that they have disappeared ".' through supernatural means, we do not know. We give the tale as told to o, and, our readers can put, their own construction upon It--Bathuret Times. , . e I.vozanDa AT: GIcuoas ROAo, Tvrxrt on 23rd'.. April, from Bomboley, by MesererRankin Brothers l. sum due at date of notice, 7,; Bd. each -G-rey mare, 7i like ED over 2 sidewways near shoulder; blaok mare,'-: stsr, illegible brand near shoulder bay mare, tar?ui '. oil fore and hind feet white, BK'near'shoulder; ,;' brown mare;' 0 over 0 sldewaye? neatr, shoulder.>(, brokes i cheanut mare, ble, 'near fore and hind feet s white PI near shoulder;' dark bay mare, W8 L?er n 'ie'"? shoulder;' bay mares like BW'near shoulder, Q neatr"'!, rump; U off shoulder; bay mare, GD near shoulder t'.? bay mar, blaze, near hind foot white I over like - D sideways near shoulder'; 'brown filly, bl.aze off" hind foot white, like CD near. shoulder; bay ally, star, 81 near. sholder like 4;under saddle near. sidesbay colt, blase, o' fore and' hhind' feet' white, liken.W near shoulder black filly, three white feet, W over W near rump, W near:ahoulder; bOy olt, star, illegible brand near houlder. cTo be sold ,1th ' ..1 from Currendooly, by A. Irvne s 'sum due at date of ri ? notice, ?br each: --ay mar'broken, docked gh tali ?; star9 little white off hind heal, F over like'CM eer v .er A near shoulder, like W over ritling capltal 2, off ? : shoulder, aged, 14 hands high ;'ohemut hore, broken, star,' like P d coniolued: near shoulder; B yeatr old,':' 15 hands high."' To be socdid3th sy. r IotPonuDun AT rnaur.eooro, on the" 24th ?April;l.1+ from MS lienry's C]reek, by' Mr. Edward Taylor :-- ?;+ Chesnut mare, AM over o near shoulder, A over JIB ! ''· near rlbs, PO over P0 off shoulder; aged, 18 hands.i,:: high i bay horse; blotch over MO near shoulder, 110' .+ ++ nfl ahouldser bay'.mare;,T oTer A'. o.ff shoulder ' scre back, aged9 15 handa j high' To be sold 20th' +' · r+KO UD;~':~ A GaT nou;r'eo L &Ur; i on tbe '?lhe ; 2 th April, from Biakensy's 'Creek, by Mr, IU'T. DIo.n att~ofo notoee, 101, 6?o:--?rown mare, BP near shoulder, broken, 8 years old, 14 handlshlgh -mlly,?++ foal at foot, To be sold Iihb May,'.: ?, [-' + I -noo?!an ArT Soiee rr n ao AOr, on ~he 19th'i,+ April, from Mary Vale, by Mr.J' Leery i euodae ' at date:of notioe,:' et aptereacoh animalt--Brown filly, blase In face, three white 'feat, bang tells ,like. L. JF or JP near shoulder--Its. Id.-?-rom same il place, on the. 24th Instant,'by Mr. 'J.;Ler?it 'apple-grey hones, addle and collar cmarhed, like..r .- conjoined near shouldsr--l1s 3d.. 'To be sol d' 11th MayL,' . . '1 ." 