CIIAPLERONS. (Froem the Satcrdae Rtreiew. The duties of a chaperon are manifold, and, on the surface of things, contradictory to a bewildering ex tent. She has to attract and to guard, to allure and to restrain, to throw the line dexterously and with intent, but to prevent too much independent flutter ing on the part of the bait, and too much nibbling on the part of the fish angled for; and yet without fluttering and without nibbling how can she get a valid bite ? She has to take her wares to market, but she has to surround them with artful contrivances of defence-work, while setting them forth as attractively as may be; she has to work hard to destroy the health, purity, and freshless on which she bases her best hopes ; and she has to toil for ler own uundoing and to labour for no reward. This is the ethical view of a chaperon's life. The practical or real condition is even harder to understand ; and how the institu tion ever grew into what it has now become, and on what principle it is founded, are mysteries scarcely to be explained. In France a chaperon is an absolute power with strictly-definsd duties and sharply-marked responsibilities. She holds her charge as a very frail vessel indeed, whom she has not only to keep from evil influences from the outside, but whose inherent weakness and propensity to fall into mischief volun tarily and on her own account have to be perpetually guarded againust; the central point of all French morals being the icnate depravity of human nature, and more especially the innate depravity of the young. Consequently men know what they havetoex pect when they encojunter an igqdsuue taken abroad into the world under the eyes of her chaperon or her mother. They knowthatwhentheylead herout todouoe they must keep wnithin earshot of her chaperon, and be careful not to speak to her at all when the exigen cies of the figure have removed them from hearing distance. They know that they must bring her back to alaman the instant the dance is ended, and deposit her with a formal bow safe under the protecting shadow waiting to envolop her. They know that they would be held to have acted in a manner both snasoansdfe and reprehensible if they said or did anything whatsoever that might touch her feelings or arruse her intelligence. And knowing all this, they treat their pretty ingsnue with tlhe same kind of care witll which they would Ihandle a fragile wax doll; and judge of her real nature, if they judge of her at all, as they best can by the mere sketch afforded them by her face and bearing, and the timid tones of her voice, when they hear them, which is not always. Stupid as all this is, both for the ingiae and her partner, it is thorough ; and we accept it as the logical conclusion of certain foregone premises. Given, a frail youth, match inclined to naughtiness, and having to be kept straight by the force of outside circum stance, by the care and restriction and unceasing vigi lance of the mature whom experience has made wise, not to say auspicious and dist rustful, and we can under sland the French system, thouagh we may not agree with it. Given, on the other hand, the American idea that the eartlh and all the fulness thereof is made for the young only, and that the first duty of boys and girls, as soon as they leave the schoolroom, is to shelve thei old folks and go ahead without delay-given the national belief in the power of all young people to guide themselves aright quite as well, and a great deal better than their elders can guide them-and we can understand why chaperous are discarded over the water; and wihy the theory of their necessity is seouted as all insult to the free and enlightened juvrniles who maintain that no dangers exist among themselves us an unchecked body for which advice is needed or guardianship required. So may it be. Heaven forbid that we should judge; and, miracles beiug not impossible, Transatlantic nature may be different from European humanity, and the fire of youth may (who knows?) be able to burn clear, without smoke or flare, in the home of the setting sun. Nevertheless, it does seem to us somewhat strange to hear of splendid balls where crowds of smartly-dressed and quite respectable young women have not the ghost of a chaperon among them ; of oelighing.parties in the brisk winter moonlight, with never a wary father nor cautious motler to guard the lambs from the wolves; of torchlight skating on the crowded "rinks," with no prudent guardian to steady the tottering steps of inexperience, and provide against the dangers of a fall oil such slippery ground. To a French mother, to whom even our much more re stricted freedom seems a dangerous tempting of Providence, such ways and manners are of course anathema soarainatha, and not to be accepted as possi ble with innocency ; and many are the equivocal positions in which a free-spoken, free-ncting American girl places herself, and much and grave the misunder standing to which she subjects herself, all in tihe nairest mannoer possible, when firstshe enters French society, and learns, to her astonishment, that young girls are supposed to be given over hopelessly into the power of the Evil One unless they have a chaperon always at their elbow to pluck them back by main force. But to us also this is an amount of liberty by no means desirable; and more than one Belgravian mother has heard with dismay whispersof the cominc revolt, when our English young ladies intend to adopt the American flag, be their own generals and lieutenants, and cashier all their chaperons asso many worn-out dummies, of no use whatever. Now it seems to us thnatthis is a revolt quite without cause. Heaven knows it is not much that chaperons do nowadays to restrain the independent action of the young, or to interfere with their liberty. Very few place any limits to the amount of pleasure indulged in during the season ; and quite as much flirting as is good for the soul of man or woman is allowed to go on under the eyes of the most watchful. Certainlt chaperone, as an institution, still exist and flourish largely; but it would be difficult to discover their exact uses, if we except the uses of vicariousness and responsibility. If girls were wise they would know that no freedom is sn great as t which is got by the shifting of responsibility. So long as they have a chaperon on whom to lay the burden of their follies, they may be as imuprudnt as they like; but once left to themselves, they cnter into the diflcultlis of responsibility; and if they have more freedom than carn now, they have also to hear more blame for mistakes. As things are, their chaplerons bear the brunt for them; and if they are faster then they ought to be, people condemn mnasma for allowing them to "go on so," m0ore than the blame the girls for using their overplus of liberty. They will find this out to their cost if they translate the whispered threat into an anted reality. To be sure, such radical changes take ti in complete themselves, and though year by year hats seen thie gradual extinction 0f the ellaperon's noral vitality, aUd seaosnsafter season has made her functions muore. and neore ythice, while appearances are held -is cseential as ever, still it will be long yet befoe Etigh- li-h society will conient to be headed by young unmarried girls-before tIe t grace and good in herent in cat tao- the idea of a youre.ra~nfe is dis regarded, and our maidens are left to go right and left at their own sweet wills, without a chaperon to coultenance Ilthem, or a caretaker Io restrain. It may a;ll come in time, and probubly will, according to the way thing, are going; but not just yet, we would We (Londcn ,Seolatmieu ) hlenro been infrmuced thai thle )iukn of Huacilton huas comeo to the resolution of belling tIhat beautiful Rud iumportant Iortion of hiS patrimoey. thse island of Arre,, and thaut Ithe MIarquis of Bute hins*offlrcd £400,000 for the propertiy ; but that this oflfer5ssplendid as it seems, lohas oen trumped by Mtr. Young, of Glasgow, of the;Parauill Light and :inceral Company, who has bidden £4540,000 for tbe i'and. A WoNaDrrcL TIsrCT.-The scavenger beele ic a one of the most useful of all insects, as it really per forms the duties indicated by its name. In Ihotclimates they abound, says the World of Wonders, in many villanes, which are always sweet and clean; and very unlike those that have to trust to the cleanliness of the natives. No sooner are any pieces of olFa or ex crement dropped thanl, attracted by t1fe cent, the scavrnener are heard humming along ?t fast as their wings will carry them. They roll awayfthe droppings of cattle at one in round peieces, often as large as billiard-balls; and when tlley reach a place fitted by its softness for the deposit of their eggs and the safety of their youan, they die the soil from beneath the bhll until they have quite let it down and covered it. They then lay their eggs within the mass. While the venua rnblhs are growing they devour the inside of the hall before coming above ground to begin the world for themselves. Tlhe beetles, with their cigantic balls, look like Atlas with the world on his back; only ther go backwards, with their heads down, and push with Itheir hind legs, as if a boy should roll a snow ball with his leas while standing on his head. Dead birds, lizards, and all sorts of unpleasant things are thus got rid of and made useful to the young of this important little beetle. INSANITY ANnD Cut1aE.- -Two ases have occurred at .he Surrey assizes which forcibly illustrate tlAgat diffliculties in dealing with the question of inaanity'. A farmer was convicted, on the evidence of his ownuhild, of having strangled his wife, with whom he bag'pre viously lived on affectionate terms. There was noa apparent motive for the act; and although there had been no signs of insanity, there was distinct here ditary predisposition, and great excitement the night before athe murder. The other ease was that of a girl named Lucy Mills, who threw a young child, her nephew, over the cliffs at Rottingdean. This womah had been discharged as cured from the Sassex,County Asylum eighteen months before. The question of interference in such cases is one of extreme delicacy. The premonitory symptoms of dangerous madness are frequently so obscure, and are always so liable to misconstruction, that it would be quite impossible to make them the grounds of confining the subject of bhem in a lunatic asylum. It is no light matter to shut up a sane person with a hundred madmen; and if a patient is only slightly.affected, it is scarcely possible to imagine a mode of treatment more likely to aggravate the disease. These cases, indeed, illustrate one of tihe difficulties of the asylum -mode of treatment; since there is no medium between allow ing the patient to enjoy entire freedom, and complete and most objectionable separation from home and friends. As regards the case of the female, there can be no possible justification for keeping a sane person in perpetual confinement, under the plea that the in tellect may again give way, or under the fear that some untoward act may take place years aftersthe dis charge. Yet it cannot be doubted that such persons should, in the interests of society, be subject to some mild surveillance for at least a year or two after their discharge, instead of being trusted, as they now are, even to the extent of having the care ofyoungojildren. The asylum system must receive, says the Lancef, a fuller and more critical examination than it.ias ever yet had ; the more so as the medical superintendents hare a heavy responsibility thrust upon them as to retention and discharge of patients, without having, at the same time, adequate machinery for the protection of their conduct from misconstruction, their patients from unfair treatment, and society from wrong. IlaTnau- woetts.-The earth-worm is for the niost' part a nocturnal animal. In the night season, andiTu early morning, hundreds may be scen, though ierr-f few are to be found moving about in the day. This insionificant creature is of great use to man. .' Earth worms," says Gilbert White, in his " Natural History. of Selborne," " though in appearance a small and despicable link in the chain of nature, yet, if lost, would make a lamentable chasm. For to say nothing of half the birds, and some quadrupedse, whiolh ar almost entirely supported by them, worms peps to be great promoters of vegetation, which woid:.roceed but lamely without them, by boring, perforating,isnd loosening the soil, and rendering it perviouiko rains and thIe fibres of plants, by drawing strawasid stalks of leaves and twigs into it; and most oft all, by throwing up such infinite numbers of lumps of earth called worm casts,.which being-their excrement, is a fine manure for graei and grass. Worms probably provide now soil for bills and slopes where the rain washes the earth away ; and they affect slopes, probably to avoid being flooded. Gardeners and farmers express their detestation of worms ; the former because they render their walks unsightly, and make - them much work ; and the latter because, as they thipn worms cat their green corn. But these men wosd find that tlhe earth without worms would sooea beemne cold, hardbound, and void of fermentation, and gon sequently esterile." Mr. Darwin maintains a similar theory, and in an elaborate paper read beforebhe: Geological Society, he essays to show that the earth. worm is a most active and powerful agent In ad og to the depth of the soil, and covering compsartiety. barren tracts with a superficial layer of tegetable mould. He found upont his attention being called to the subject, that several whole fields, which had bean: covered with limo and burnt marl and cinders, hadi these substances buried in a few years to the depth of some inches beneath the turf. The history, of one of these fields, as related by him, is voey inter easting. "Previously to fifteen years since, it was waste landi; but at that time it was drained, har rowed, ploughed, and well covered with burnt marl and cinders. It has not since been disturbed, and now supports a tolerably good pasture. The section here was turf half an inch, mould two and a half inches, a layer one and a half inch thick, composed of fragments of burnt marl (conopicuous from their bright red colour, and some of considerable size, namely, one inch by half-an-inch broad, and a quarter inch thick), of cinders, and a few quartz pebbles mingled with earth ; lastly about four and a-half inches beneath the surface was tihe original black peaty soil. Thus, be neath a layer (nearly four inches thick) of flue par ticles of earth, mixed with some vegetable matter, these substances now occurred, which fifteen years before had been spread on tile surface. The appear ance in all eases was as if the fragments had, as the farmers beliere, worked themselves down. It does not, however, appear at all possible that either the powdered lime or the fragments of burnt marl and the pebbles could sink through compact earth to some inches beneath the surface, and still remain in a continuous layer; nor is it probable thpt the decay of the grass, although adding to the surface some of the constituent parts of the moull, should separate in so short a time the fine from the course earth, and accumulate the former on those objects which so lately were strewed on the surface." The explanation of this is due, he says, to the diges tire process by which the common earth-worm is supported. On carefully examining betwe1a the blades of grass in the field above mentioned, there was scarcely a space of two inches square without a little heap of the cylindrical castings of worms. It is w?ll known tlhat worms swallow earthy matter, and th having separated the serviceable portion, they eject at the mouth of their burrows the remainder in little intestine-shaped heaps. The worm is unable to swallow course particles ; and as it would naturally avoid pure lime, the fine earth lying beneath either tile cinders or burnt marl, or tihe powdered lime would, by a slow process, be removed and thrown dp to the surface. This supposition is not imaginary, for in a field in which cinders had been spread out only half a year before, AMr. Darwin actually saw the caslitings of the worms heaped on the smaller fragments. -Slndett and Intellfeer al Observer. Vc;r AT A P?onltrm.-The leader of the demi monde in London, Mabel Grey, has appeared as an aetress at the Windsor Theatre, and receives the patronage of persons of rank. A correspondent of a London journal thIus indignantly refers to the subject: -" Here e we lsre, thanks to Mr. H. Sydney, one of the prettiest little theatres in EIingland-it is now the dead season, the Queen is away froen here-and the theatre is opened by an unknown person for the season, under thle pat ronge' of the ofieers of the Royal Horse Guards, who attend in numbers every night in full uniform. Now, who think you is the prineipsl attraction ? No less than the well-known Mabel Gres, slto at the close of the performances is driven poet Ihaste to l.ondon. This woman appears in very scunt attire in tie burlesque of 'Sardamupalus,' and is receirved with greet enthusiasm and applpause, such as I sn sure would not be rouchalued to a airtonus rtile/. It is a ?aldal toour town, and rfleets tbe areerist ilie.redit on the 'oflicers and gentlemon' who lend their patrounge." Irwicn: Printed and published by the proprietors, Hnr ' PAutINssoN, J. hOnRING SbLOMAN, s FsAN!t5cls Ifto l:ti, at the Queeosdteouf batees 014c ~ltlebo~o~lsreghoeb~~:_ -. 