. SPIRITUAL PHOTOGRAPHY. ' - ' -Tbo Mayor of New- York seems to suffer, liko our own magistrates, under tbo affliction of boing called upon to giro advice. Wo read that a young man. from the. country, suspecting that- ho had beon im posed upon by an artist of tbo town, went boforo tho Mayor, and propounded. to him this question, "Two mon what >ain't no relations can't liaro tho samo grandmother, :'can they ?'.' Tho Mayor endeavoured to avoid answering, but tho countryman was not to be put aBido. Ho had gono to a person named Mum- lor who practised in New York as a " spiritual photo grapher," and had paid him ton dollars for a portrait of his . deceased grandmother. Ho . was bo maoh gratified with this work of art that ho returned to Mumler's shop to order a portrait of another deceased relation, but he oncountcrcd at the door a man who was alfeotionatoly contemplating the features of his grandmother, which had just been produced by tho samo process and at tho same price.',' The country man found to his ostonlshmont and disgust that not only tho process and tho prioe, but the features in the two portraits, were the same. Now we are quite aware that a man cannot marry his grandmother, end- therefore tbo possessors of two shadowy liko- ncssos of what appeared to bo the same lady could bardly bo regarded as rival candidates for her favour. Wo should not opprehend that what is usually called " a difficulty " would arise out of this . com petition for a grandmother, but we certainly had sup posed that- tho only common relation of all men was an uncle, and it is rather aggravating to find that any man who happens to have ten dollars in his pookot, be ho good-looking or ugly, genteel or snob bish, may make himself appear to be a member of one's family. The doctrine of universal brothor- hood, however beautiful in theory, requires consider able limitation before it can be reduced to practice. The aggrieved countryman having stated his com plaint, the Mayor expressed an unqualified opinion that Mr Mumler's proceeding was a " swindle " and he directed a functionary who bears the formidable titlo of Marshal Tooker to visit Mr Mumler's shop, and desire to be supplied with a spiritual photograph of the Marshal's father-in-law, who is yet alive. Mr Mumler furnished tho required portrait, and there npon Marshal Tooker took him as a cheat and brought him before the Mayor. Mr Mumlor, how- ove'r, was not deserted in this emergency by his ad mirers; for in tho number of the 'Now York Tribune , whioh notices hiB arrest we find a letter of a corres pondent which declares him to be "a true man, a noble and boautiful specimen of our race," and as much above trickory or swindling as the editor of tho I Tribune is above picking pockets. Tho writer goes on to doolare that the portraits of our grandmothers I are " holy' revelations," and that Mr Marnier is " an ! instrument in the power of tho honourable dead " — j a statement which seems to have been mado in ob- 1 livion of the fact that the father-in-law of Marshal Tooker is alive. Tho examination of Mr Mumler on this chargo laBtod several days, and was conducted witii that latitude of evidenoe and exuberance of oratory which marks legal proceedings in America, especially when the public takes strong , interest in them. Tlio de votees of spiritualism rallied in support of Mr Mum ler, and Judge Edmonds, who is an enthusiastic be liever, in this new religion, testified tbnt during the pendenoy in Court of an notion upon a life polioy, lie had soon the ghost of the insured diinly hovering behind the back row of seats, and watching the trial of tbe question whether he committed suicide. It would be highly convenient, in an intricate discussion on tbo construction of a will, if the testator in tbo cause could bo persuaded to appear and explain his meaning ; and as every other point in connexion with our proposed Law Courts has been diBonssea, it may perhaps bo worth while to conBidor which of tho two sites is most convenient for communication with tlio world of spirits. But to return to Now York. We cannot help thinking that a judgo would do wisely to keep away from spiritual photographers, beoauso the revelations which they are able to make may possibly prove embarrassing. It does not clearly appear whether those artists undortako to produoe only spiritual photographs of deceased persons, for an as sistant of Mr Mumler swore that he told Marshal Tooker that the faoe dimly seen in tho corner of tho Marshal'e owii photograph would be that " of the person most in sympathy with him" — a description whioh hardly suits a father- in-law,- and would bo totally inapplicable to a mother-inslaw. Tbo Judge enjoys a wider range of sympathy than tbe Marshal, for ho was twice photographed by Mr Mumler, and on oach occasion there appeared in tbe corner of tbo picture "a dim outline of a female face, sufficiently distinct, bowevor, to show that tbo lady waa very beautiful." Tlio reporter goes on to remark that spiritual manifestations must have abounded on that occasion, for tho facos were entirely different al though both wore oharmingly pretty. Wo cannot help thinking that ovon a Lord Chancellor, who is above all other Judges, and therefore is entitlod to larger privileges, would feel that the number of oharmingly pretty women who are competing for the honour of being mostin sympathy with him must lmvo its limit, and this fooling would perhaps remain even if ha had tho same offer as was mado to Judgo Ed monds, of an allowance if a quantity should bo taken. The Judgo statod that ho was charged ton dollars for tho first sitting, and only five dollars afterwards. The Judgo further stated that ho had resolved nover to form an opinion without knowlodgo, for whenever ho had done so "ho had made an ass of himself." But ho expressed the opinion that spirits have so muoli materiality as'to be visible to the human eyo, and this opinion was founded on knowledge, for he had seen in Oourt the spirit of a man whoso death was the basis of a suit, and had boon told by tho spirit that tbo man had committed suioide. Tbo first spirit ho ever biCw was that of Judgo Tolmage, who was leaning against a window- casement, and he saw tho window-casement plainly through the body of hie loarned brother. Another witness produced a spiritual photograph which : ho had had done by Mr Mumlor. HiB own likenoss was good, but tho person most in sympathy n ith him was so shadowy as to bo unrecognisable. After discussion, howovor, in Court, it was agreod that tho face resembled that of Judge Dowling (who was hearing tho case), only it was bottor-looking. We have hoard nothing liko this .since an English Judge askod a shoemaker whether a cortain pair of shoes were more fashionable than the Judge's own, and was answered, "Oh yes, my Lord, muoh more fashionable than those." \- Tho oolobratod Barnum was called among other witnesses for the prosecution, and he stated that ho had dovotod a portion of his llfo to tho detcotiou of humbugs. About sovon years ago Mr Barnum was composing a book on humbugs, and he wrota to Mr Mumler that he wished to purchase epooimons of bis so-callod spirit photographs for tho Museum of humbugs establiBhod.by him, Barnum. Spirit photo graphs were accordingly supplied by Mr Mumler at. two dollars apioce, and thoy were hung by Mr Bar num on the walls of his Museum for three or.- four years. Among them were spirit photographs of Na- ipoloon BonnpArtQ And Hoary Clay, and tho positions of tho figures woro exactly liko the well known on- gravings of these personages. Tho titlo of Mr Bar- num'e book was The Humbugs of tlio World. All tbe chapter relating to spirit photographs reforred to Mr Mumlor, who does not seem to havo objooted to tbo colobrity thus bestowed upon him. Tho spirit photographs which were hung upon tho walls of Mr Barnum's Museum woro labellod " humbug," and tbo compliment thus conveyed was not repudiated by Mr Mumler. It was attempted in orass-examination to obtain from Mr Barnum an admission that ho was himself a practitioner in tbo samo lino as Mr Mumler, but Mr Barnum treated tbo opithots " cheat" and "swindlor" as wholly inapplicable to bis own proceedings. Ho said that be bad novor beon in any humbug businoss whoro ho did not givo valuo for tbo money. Tho woolly borso was a re markable reality and curiosity. It was not n horse " woollod ovor," but was born oxactly as it was exhibited. As regards the mermaid, Mr Barnum only said that it was represented to tho publio ox- aotly as it was represented to him, and we should like to know what Mr Barnum was cxpeotod to say mors. Ho never had reason to doubt that it was what bo represented, nor could ho have had reason unless he hadentercd upon a delicateand difficult investigation. - We have heard that thors was onco exhibited in this country a merman who was declared by an Irishman who visited him to be a countryman of his own. But Mr Barnum, go far as wo know, had never heard that his mermaid was not a daughter of the oca. Among a people so polito as the Americans it would bo intolerable that tbe fair stranger should bo troubled with questions as to her birtn, parent age, or the reality of her scales and tail. You might just aa well ask a lady you met in society as to the reality of ber complexion or her hair. Mr Barn tun was not boiiDd to put impertinent ques tions to the mermaid, and indocd wo may go further and say that he was bound not to put tliein. Wbcu therefore, it was proposed by counsel to ask Mr Barnum whether the mermaid was precisely tbo same as he had represented, the presiding judge properly ruled that thia question could not be put. For bow could Mr Baruum have answered it if it had bean put ? He did, indeed, state positively that the horso was : not "woolled over;" but ho could scarcely state, except as a matter of hearsay or belief, that tbe mermaid was not scaled over, and neither hearsay nor belief are admissable in a court of law. -The Judge must reject what is -oallod secondary evidence ; but if the mermaid had re turned to her watery or other home, it was no longer possible . to investigate tbo reality of her tail. .'Mr Barnum, being further asked whether ho had over taken money for the exhibition of spuriouB curiosities, admitted that he might have given the public ','a little drapery " sometimes;-, but wo feel tolerably certain that he gave no drapery in tbe in stance of the mermaid. u Mr Barnum had doubtless learned to repress curiosity at an sarly period in bis successful life ; and, therefore, when be bought tbe mirBe of George Washington, and paid one thousand dollars for ber, it was remote. from his thoughts to inquire .how old sho was. To ask A female her age is : as impertinent as to ask whether her head or her tail is real, and Mr Barnum is a well-bred man. The statoment' in the bill of sale that this woman had nursed George Washington had never been dis proved, and Mr - Barnum had accepted it, and bought the woman at the price put upon her by ber pwner. Mr Barnum says, indeed, that, "before sbe got through, " he began to have some doubt whether she had nursed Washington, but be did not put him self out of his way to suggest- this doubt to the public mind. . In order to get all possible talk out of a trial, it is the custom in tbe United States to allow both the defendant and his counsel to address the court.- Mr Mumlermadeacleverhitby stating that thefaee which appeared on Marshal Tooker'a picture was "the moat, villanous he had ever seen," and it was therefore necessarily th c likeness of the person mostin sympathy with the Marshal. The counsel for Mr Mumler re ferred to spiritual manifestations in the Bible, par ticularly that which was perceived by Balaam's ass, and he thus drew upon himself, tho answer that the perception of such manifestations by asses was not confined to ancient times. Mr Mumler was charged with obtaining money- by a fake pretence, and if it could.bo proved that the dim face on Mar shal Tooker's picture was proJuced by mechanical means, the chargo would havo been made out.- But the numerous photographers who were called as witnesses could only .prove that such faces could be -bo produced;- — It' io (lillicult-' to- Bon'-lioav'-tlac caac could be carried further, unless tho court adopted I tbe argument of counsel that tho .bible was part of i the law, and the - bible showed -that spiritualism I was false. The result was that .tbe prisoner. was ! discharged; and was hailed as a - conqueror, by those who would have considered him a m'ary tr if ho had been sent to trial. We should expect that his business will be' increased by this prosecution, and wo would venture to suggest that ho should devote a portion of his profits to- augmenting his ptock of grandmothers. Young men from the country may possibly help tbomselves to the. redress which tbe law cannct afford them. It is prudent to tell every purchaser to take home hiB picture and keep it a little time, and then he .will -begin to see that the shadowy face is very muoh like bis grand mother. We have little doubt that the purchaser would begin to see this, provided that the growth of his opinion was not disturbed by finding that a neighbour had brought home a picture of his grandmother exhibiting tho very same faoe. — Satur day Review.' ' " ' i Tlio number of passengers-' arrived at the port of Melbourne by 'sea during - the week ending September 11, amounted to 500, of whioh num- bor 453: were from the neighbouring colonies, -108- from tho United Kingdom, and 4 from New York. . Homing by System. — An American correspon dent of the' Times' writes as follows " Some time, ngo the robbery of a savings bank iu Philadelphia, in: broad daylight on a Sunday morning, and tbe escape of the thieves with 1,000,000 dollars -in bonds, money, jewellery, and diamonds, was announced, and in.re- porting it I took ocoasion to say that tho usual American method of compounding these folonies would bo resorted to, anil tlio thieves upon restoring the plunder be allowed to go freo. The plan has been faithfully carried out. The directors of the savings hank, a religious institution attached to :a church, offered 25,000 dollars reward for tbe recovory of tbe property, and employed dotcotivcs to negotiate with tho thioves. No attempt was made by any ono to bring the robbers to justice, but . tlio negotiation was successfully conducted, and resulted in tbe restoration of all tbe stolen property, excepting about 10,000 dollars in oasli, and diamonds valued at 10,000 dollars more. The diamonds bolongod to a private dopositor, and tho thieves, in ndditiou, got tho 25,000 dollars reward. No business transaction on 'Chaugo evor was hotter done. Tbe thievos were -not satisfied with tho reward offered so thoy claimed imore, and got it on permission to retain tho 10,0.i0 dollars in cash. Tho money was paid to the "detec tives ' who acted as go-betweens, the stolen property returned, and tlio diamonds retained in order to make a separate bargain with thcirownor, Evory one was satisfied— the savings-bank, that got baek its pro perty, as well at the detectives and thieves, who divided 35,000 dollars among tliom. Robbery thus becomes a very safe and profitable businoss ; and no one is much astonished, considering tho frequency of its repetition, at seeing a bosrd of dirootors, most ostimablo gentlomen, and striet members of church, compounding a felony through the aid of a number of sworn officers of the law, who consent not to pro tect society in accordance with their oaths, in con sideration of a certain proportion of 35,000 dollars which thoy immediately proceed in ail adjacent alo- house to divide with the supposed outlaws who earned it." A Now York paper says Tom Thumb drinks. I he does, his wife has at least one consolation — he doesn't hold much. . Whilst n Pat, new from home, was walking along the Strand one day, d swell stopped up and accosted him thus : — " Well, Pat, how wore asses selling in Ireland when you loft?" "Well, yo'r honour," -says Pat, " whon I loft Ireland, assos wore selling : at half-a-crown eaoh, but a good big Jack Ass liko you would fetch nearly a pound." A " Wholosomo Drink." — An old toper was re cently reduaeil to tho necessity of drinking a glass of water, as nothing else could be had. On tasting it, ho smacked his Tips in a thoughtful way, and ex claimed, " Why, it isn't so bad, aftor all. I should'nt wonder if, for weakly women aud tender children, this was quite a wholesome drink 1" 