THE Prospectus of ihe TasmanianWool Manufacturing Company, Limited, is re- issued today. The promoters are naturally anxious to get the share list filled up and the Company in operation with a "view—amongst other objects—to secure the bonus offered by Parliament of .£1000 for the first one thousand pounds worth of goods manufactured in one year from Tasmanian Wool, Hemp, or Flax. The capital is £10,000, in 10,000 shares of £1 each. The deposit on allotment is 2s 6d, and subsequent calls will not exceed 5s per share, at intervals of not less than three months. It is hoped by ihe low figure of the shares, and the easy terms of payment that all classes of the community may be induced to invest their money in the new venture, from which much substantial advantage to the Colony may be reasonably anticipated. The promoters profess in their prospectus to be moved to their present action in this matter by a consideration of " the important influence which the manufacture of textile fabrics has had in raising the Mother Country to her present high position, taken in connection with the pressing necessity for providing a remedy against the long-continued decline of every material interest' in the Colony. The same means of improving our condition might, the promoters think, be adopted with advantage, and as a means of "opening a new field of employment to many especially to the young." These are legitimate inducements and rational aims. Cheap labour, as we all know, is one great cause of the excellence and abundance of British textile manufactures. And this description of labour ought to be cheap in Tasmania. There is growing up in this country a large section of the population—of both sexes— for whom, in the absence of manufactures such as those contemplated by the Bonus Act of last session and the prospectus of the Tasmanian Wool Manufactures, there is no employment te be found; idleness, vice and crime are their only prospect. If the Tasmanian Wool Manufacturing Company only succeeds in proving that suitable and remunerative employment can be provided for this daily increasing section of the community, its promoters will have deserved well of their country. We entertain no doubt that there is reasonably large field for local manufactures of the kind contemplated by the Act of last session. On referring to the annual statistics for 1868 we find that the value of the goods imported into Tasmania in that year under the several heads of bagging, canvas, carpets, cornsacks, gunnybags, woollens,and wool bags, was £38,479. Of this amount £24,287 is set down to the amount of bagging, cornsacks and wool bags; and £7,183 to woollens, We can see no reason why a very large proportion of this demand should not be locally supplied. No doubt the promoters have made their calculations on this point, and can see their way to a successful competition — to a certain extent—with imported articles of these descriptions. The promoters, we understand, have received advices from England as to the price of machinery, and are in a position to submit to a meeting of shareholders estimates of cost of the requisite plant and suitable buildings. There is abundance of water power in the neighbourhood of Hobart Town, by which the machinery of the new manufactory could be economically driven; and, as we have said, there will be no difficulty in obtaining the requisite labour. We trust the efforts of the promoters to start a venture which may well pretend to " National importance" will be duly seconded and supported by the public. The shares are reasonably low. The deposit is small, and the terms of payment easy. There ought to ne no difficulty in floating such a Company, and we look forward, with hopeful confidence, for a successful issue to the praiseworthy and patriotic exertions of those who have projected an undertaking that promises so fairly, in many ways, to ameliorate the social condition aud advance the substantial prosperity of Tasmania. THE ROSTER.-Thomas Giblin, Esq., is the magistrate whose name is on the roster for duties at the Police Court this morning. WAT BE BATES.—The Town Clerk notifies, by advertisement, that Sealed Tenders for mortgages on the Hobart Town Water Bates to the extent of £500 addressed to the Right Worshipful the Mayor and Aldermen, will be received up to 12 o'clock noon on Friday next. These mortgages will be dated 1st October, 1869, will bear interest at the rate of £6 per cent per annum, payable half-yearly, be redeemable at fifteen years, and be transferable by endorsement. GENERAL HOSPITAL—A man named John Erichson, one of the crew of the ship Ethel, came to the Institution about seven o'clock yesterday morning, suffering from a dislocation of the shoulder, cansed by a fall. The case was attended to by Dr. Stokell, who reduced the dislocation, and the man returned to his ship. SUPREME COURT.—There will be a sitting at the Supreme Court at eleven o'clock this morning. PRINCE OF WALES' BIRTHDAY.—Yesterday,being the anniversary of the birlh of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, was kept as a public holiday, the Government Offices, the banks, and all other place of business being closed. The weather, though somewhat unpromising early in the morning and showers fell at intervals during the day, was sufficiently fine to lempt out large numbers of the citizens to spend this, the first princes holiday, one or other of the many delightful places for picnicing which the suburbs of Hobart Town afford. Vehicles filled with happy excursionists, who evidently had not omitted to look after the creature comforts, were in requisition at an early period of the day, whilst other parties afoot, consisting of paterfamilias, followed by his good woman and her brood of young ones—happy young couples, as well as the solitary pedestrians, wended their way countiy wards. The steamer Monarch had been chartered by the District Officers of the Manchester Unity, and left the wharf at an early hour for a pleasure excursion to New Norfolk. Crowds of persons flocked to Rosny during the day to witness the athletic sports, and the fete of the Odd Fellows. Whilst others went as far as Melton Mowbray to be present at the Handicap Steeplechase. At night the Mansergh Troupe gave a performance at the Theatre Royal, under the patronage of the Mayor and Aldermen and there was a good attendance at the Mechanics' Institute, where the last concert of the season was given, under the conductorship of Mr F. A. Packer. All these amusements will be noticed under their respective headings. HIGH SCHOOL AND WARWICK CLUBS.—A match was played on the lower Cricket Ground yesterday between an eleven from the first club of the High School and an eleven of the Warwick Club, resulting in a victory for the former. The High School boys scored 58 in their first, and 57 in their second innings; and the Warwick eleven 86 and 22 respectively. POLICE COURT.—The Stipendiary Magistrate presided at this Court at an early hour yesterday morning. The business transacted was of an unimportant nature consisting of fining several male and female disturbers of the peace and drunkards ; the further remand of Joseph Brunt charged with assaulting his wife, and the discharge of Mary Anne Archer and Jessie Priest charged with stealing money. MELTON MOWBRAY.—On the arrival of the coach last evening we learned that the respective events of yesterday resulted as follows:—Handicap Steeple Chase—Blackthorn 1, Blue Bonnet 2. Hunters' Handicap—Bake 1, Blue Bonnet 2. No doubt further particulars will come to hand in the course of the day. PLEASURE EXCURSION TO NEW NORFOLK.—The annual excursion of the Hobart Town District Manchester Unity, IOO- Fellows, was held yesterday the 9th November. Notwithstanding the gloomy appearance of the morning, between three and four hundred persons were on board the favorite steamer Monarch bound for New Norfolk; on their arrival a triumphal arch had been erected across the bridge, by the members of the " Prince Alfred Lodge," with the word — " Welcome " — in the centre, and the letters M U. on either side, prettily worked indaisies—the whole supported by a handsome crown made of choice flowers. The Stewards then arranged for the band to escort the passengers through, which, as they arrived at the centre, three cheers were given for the Manchester Unity, and responded to. Dinner was provided by Mr Oakley, Bush Tnn, and Host Thompson, of the Freemasons' Hotel. Between forty and fifty persons dining at either place, which was of the very best description, and reflects the highest credit on those gentlemen. After dinner dancing was kept up at Mr Oakley's till within a few minutes to four, to the music of a very excellent band—when, all being on board, three cheers were again given ; for the M. U , and about half-past six the steamer returned to town, not a single incident happening to mar the pleasure of the day. The stewards used their best endeavours to ensure general approbation, which was appreciated by all on board, one and all expressing their satisfaction of the day's excursion. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—The concert which took place last evening at this Institution under the conductorship of Mr F. A. Packer, and announced as the last of the season, was a success in every way. The large hall was crammed to the ceiling, and the several pieces on the unusually lengthy programme were gone through m a manner which reflects the greatest credit on the conductor; more especially as many of the vocalists had taken the parts of others who had been detained at picnics and other amusements of the day. The overtures to Masaniello and Crown Diamonds, opened the first and second portions of the entertainment. The National song and chorus, '' God save the Prince of Wales, was apropos to the day and of course was loudly applauded. The songs. The Bell Ringer and Macfarren's Last March, as well as Glover's pretty duet Let us Call Back the Time, with some others were encored. The choruses from The Mountain Sylph were well given. To particularise each item on the programme that was deserving would occupy more space than available. Suffice to say that judging from the applause the entertainment gave unbounded satisfaction to all present. ROSNY.—This favourite retreat for holiday-making Hobartonians was largely patronised yesterday, the hill being literally covered by visitors, clad in gay attire, Beemingly only anxious to enjoy themselves thoroughly. As previously announced, the useful, but not ornamental, Kangaroo, was engaged to take the panting citizens to and fro, and busily was she employed, puffing away right merrily across the Derwent, stopping only for short intervals to take on board and land passengers, and do a little bit of coaling on her own account. The charterers were the members of the Manchester Unity, and the proceeds, of course are to be devoted to some benevolent purpose. The sixpences collected must have amounted to a very respectable sum indeed, as it was calculated that at one time there could not have been less than 1500 people on the ground. The scene on landing was anything but picturesque, of course, but the groups of merry excursionists scattered about, some picnicing and some dancing or devoting their energies to the different sports which were introduced, added a charm to the appearance of the hill. As usual, there was a good deal of fun, but the enjoyment was somewhat lessened by the unfavourable weather which prevailed during the greater portion of the day A first-rate brass band was engaged for the day, and to its enlivening strains dancing was kept up with great vigour; Kiss in the Ring," as ever, had plenty of admirers, the young and the old entering into it with great glee. The good old athletic sports of Great Britain attracted the attention of hundreds in the afternoon, and consisted of running, jumping, and a variety of other manly exercises. Stacey's revolving circus was patronised by the young, and its owner and his "subs," must have retired to rest last night with very sore arms to judge by the amount of exertion they underwent. One thing came under our notice which we considered disgraceful; two of the competitors in one of the running matches were allowed to run in an almost nude state, to the disgust of the respectable portion of the spectators. About five o'clock a general rush was made to the steamer by those anxious to return to town early, and it was truly wonderful thai no accident happened, as the crowd rushed in one tumultuous heap precipitating themselves from the ricketty sham of a wharf on to the deck, a depth of no inconsiderate extent. However no unpleasant occurrence beyond the one we have alluded to took place to mar the pleasure of the day, and all returned home apparently satisfied with the manner in which they had passed the day. REAPING MACHINE.—Some disappointment was occasioned on the Rosny grounds yesterday in consequence of the improved reaping machines manufactured by Mr Clarke, of the New Wharf, not getting a fair trial. The field of corn was invaded by a host of irrepressible "Arabs" and that portion of it which had been set apart for the reaping was trodden down so that the machines got chocked and could not possibly perform their work, Mr Clarke intends to give the machines a thorough trial at the same place this afternoon, and we have up doubt that the result will be highly satisfactory. THEATRE ROYAL.—We were very glad to notice a large audience assembled at the Theatre Royal last evening, which was a due reward to the clever members of the Mansergh Variety Troupe for their diligent catering to the tastes of our theatre going population. The entertainment was under the patonage of the Mayor and Aldermen, but only notice d the former alone in the tall set apart for the patrons. The Ghost in the Castle, a most laughable Irish farce, was performed with great success, and of course Barnem's Ball again gave unqualified satisfaction. Miss Harward appeared for the first time with the troupe and sustained her role admirably. The rest of the company were as humerous and amusing as ever, and were greeted with repeated plaudits. NEW NORFOLK.—This evening the Mansergh Variety Troupe will give their celebrated entertainment at the Lunatic Asylum, and we trust they will receive the hearty support of the inhabitants of the district. ROKEBY AND WELLINGTON CLUBS.—The Cricket match, which took place at Clarence yesterday between these Clubs, resulted in a victory for the former, with eight wickets to spare. We shall publish a full report in our issue of to morrow. TENCH-—It is gratifying to find that the efforts made for introducing the English tench into the rivers of Tasmania have been eminently successful. From time to time reports have reached us of these fish having been captured in different localities, and varying in size from one pound to four or five pounds. Yesterday the driver of the Evandale coach brought to our office a basket containing a couple of fine tench neatly packed in fresh grass, reminding one of the little kindly civilities of the old country. These fish were obtained on Sunday in Viney's Lagoon, the other side of the Nile, where according to Frank's familiar illustration "they are as thick as stones on the road." The only tackle available on Sunday was too heavy, and the fish would not bite, so the two referred to were shot. They weighed about a pound and a half each. These fish are undoubtedly the progeny of a few tench given some years back to the late Joseph Bonney, Esq., of Perth, by Alexander McNaugtan. Esq, and were by the former gentleman turned into the South Esk River. A few days ago a shoal of tench were seen passing under the bridge at Longford.— Examiner. 