The Bace between Jordan and Lyons. To the Editor of Belts Life in Sydney. Sir,-As on eye-witness of the race between Lyons and Jordan (and umpire for Lyons) I cannot allow tho romarks published in your issuo of tho 12th to remain uncontradictcd-remarks so grossly untrue in almost every particular, that it would be better porhaps to trent them with tho silent contempt thoy so justly merit. The sploen which characterises tho stigma cast on tho inhabi- tants of Raymond Terraco loses its " venom", in its unpardonable untruthfulness. I will (apologising fer trespassing on your valuable space) deal with this-as Tom Bowline's friend calls it ".Full and true account of tho raoo between Lyons and Jordan," item for item. An assortion is made that the boats were unequal ; this is not true. Tho boat pulled by Jordan is the samo tiscd by the Campbells when they rowed Shepherd and Fagan, and at tho limo Jordan pulled in it hod not (nor has it now) " fixed outriggers." With reference to the "start," this is another gross libel, both on Jordan and on Lyons's backer who was " starter" on the occasion. This gentleman is prepared to prove that Jordan threw no difficulty in his way as starter, and that on the word " go" being given, thero was barely half a yard botwoen tho boats, and this very great\ advantago in three miles and half Jordan I certainly had. I I now como lo tho " biggest untruth" (I WOB almost saying I-) of tho lot. Tom Bowlino'a aquatic friend states unblushingly that Jordan " fouled" Lyons. Tho "foul" Sir, was a deliberate ono on tho' port of Lyons. Jordan had tho bank of the river nt the start; within a few boats' lengths, and before proceeding very far, owing to tho " manliness" of his opponent ho found himself almost aground, Lyons having wilfully pulled into Jordon's guarter. Lyons's own backors, ono and all, admit a maro deliberate " foul" than this was never attomptcd. I was in a small Bteamer close to them at this point of tho race, and though I have been associated with rowing mau, and interested in aquatics for years, I nover myself saw so gross a "foul" OB this of Lyons's ; and would unhesitatingly, had Lyons boon good enough to win (with this thrown in) have awarded the stakes to Jordan. Aa to tho succession of " fouls" by Jordan, this displays, on tho part of the writer, such a want of deferenco for truth, that my denying them ts amply sufficient. You will believo me, Mr Editor, in tho assurance that instead of Lyons losing by four boats' lengths ho lost by one liundred, yards or moro, without evor having, ofter tho Drat quarter of a mile (presuming he intended to win if ho could), tho "ghost" of a chance. Lyons asBsrtB, or his friend docs for him, that, his life was in jeopardy. Now, Sir, Lyons knows this to be un- true, and if he has ono spark of manliness left, will deny so grosB a libel on thoso who showed him during his stay on the Terrace, the same fair and honest treatment others, and equally OB good mon, hate mot with here whilst training. It is assorted had Lyons won the race ho would havo taken to Sydney somo Blight token of the Raymond Terrace people's idea of fair play. This is certainly a Tet_ pretly ir.uendo on the'part of TOTO Bowline's friend ¡ hut as Lyons did not win I shall pass it over. It ia to easy to assert "il" a oertaiH thing is achieved certain results will follow ; but even this supposition is only another of roany " hasty" assertions indulged in by Tom Bowline's friend. Without any " if," I can assure you hod Lyons stayed" after tho race, os any other man would hare done who!B consccienco didn't prick him as to a certain "little arrangement-' with the "little mon" just prior to the race a purso would have been niado for him, and though ¿ defeated man no oho would have considered him a disgraced ono, which plenty do now. I like immensely, as a' Raymond Terraccite, the dcsig. nation of " rabble j" and certainly am inclined to believe Tom Bowline's friend is telling tho truth when he SOTS that he has visited prize-fights and dog-fights-and I daresay a snug-little " rat-pit" now and again. I wonder Mr Editor, it tho prize-fights included the memorable' encounter between Sayers and Eeenan, which I believe taos a fair stand-up fight. I am afraid not j but rather believe Tom Bowline's friend is more au fait with the rough and ready arrangements incidental to tho neigh, bourhood of Whitechapel, London, and Shudefield Manchester. If so, it is not hard to account for-one cannot touch pitch without dirtying his fingers. I would add, that the " foir sex" of Hie Terrace are much obliged to this same party for his assertion that their behaviour waa more "like that of-black gins than. Europeans ;" but they desire to remind him that if so untruthful in other statements, they cannot be expected to have much confidence in his veracity when asserting this. With regard to tho Council of Education extending their labours hero-this is a very kind suggestion of Toni Bowline's friend. One thing I am certain of-any of the Commissioners reading this " full and true" account of the Raymond Terrace people (leaving the raco out of the question) would come to the- conclusion that although Tom Bowline's friend is sufficiently conceited to think he has nothing to learn, this idea is about as correct ai his published statements of tho race, Lyons v, Jordan, Anolosisine for tho leneth of aw letter. I aro Sir, voure, &o.;, ILYONS'S UMPIRE. Raymond Terrace, June 15lh, 1869. 