THE SCIOLIST. "We want to know, you know.—DfCKZSS. Slav, bang; bere we aTe again; as the poet says. Here we are again with a fresh cut quill and a bottle of" Aligarian ink; ready to decimate cant and .humbug-as fast as they make their appearance. IIere we are again; armed with the thunders of Jove, burning with merciless enmity against the meanness and vice o£ the age. It's about time that fellow was put down," says the common council man, who manages the business for Morpheus Ward. "A blister on the country," say the hon.'mcmber for Sleepy Hollow. "I tkay, you know, he comath it wracher; too strong you know," says Tite Bafnucle of the red tape depart ment, " a style of writing which I hold in particular, abhorrance," . says " the smart writer of the Argus. " Deliriously slander ous," 1 say the old ladies. Profoundly philosophic," say the old gentlemen. " Con founded. idot," observe the swells. ■ " De lightful scribbler," observe the belles. A fool, "say...the ,< layers; a - bore, " say ;the parsons. - A scholar! pooh, pooh, Hem-, priere, and a Dictionary "of quotations.- A wit.!,nonsense, .JoeMillar hashed up, and Thackery resuscitated. In the meantime, messieurs the male sex, mesdames, the female sex, monseigneurs the third sex; youths and maidens; . policemen and little boys, here we are again! \ ~Entre nous, gentle reader, what a par-" ticularly terrific storm raging in that par ticularly . small" teapot, parliament. The Chief. Secretary waited on me the other day, to offer me the choice of the vacant portfolios. He observed that the dis tinguished services.I had rendered the country entitled me to the option of a first refusal. As I pointed out to him that my position precluded my accepting any office which.might influence my comment on public matters, he at once acquiesced in my decision to refitse. I mentioned . Mr, Ma cartney, forgetting that the tender feelings of the Attorney-General made theappoint ment impassible. Then we discussed the claims of "Mr Longmore and the irreverend member for Crowlands, but agreed that the Lands Office was an insuperable bar to the; appointment of the former, while prehis toric proclivities ; were an ' objection, in the latter. "My dear friend," said the Pre mier, "would it be dangerous to put, my friend Kolfe into the Customs ?*I must have a man there that I can put round. my finger." i "Have no fear," replied I.. ."But the House ?" " Put on the kickihg-strap, tighten the reins,- and ■ give a Jew, cracks with the whip of dissolution." , i'But it's a dirty trick." "Don't show in it,"then. Let your worthy organ do the blackguard ing, and "the genial sword-bearer of justice bear the brunt. : • Bab! my friend, you are, not" outJ of political . knickerbockers "yet."' | i" Apropos of "that," I tried that receipt "of yours, but I doii't decrease in weight;" and the lion, gentleman sighed gently. " Try a velocipede,- then/V , " I irilU" !1-In the meantime'can.I otfer yon. nothing—in the Intestate Estates "for iusta'uce ? £500 a year, .. and double that in perquisites." " Fie! lie! my_ friend, "- what says Wolsley —' Corruption wins not more than honesty.' Well,"j an revoir" - " Adios ■ and - the Chief Secretary departed pensively. t The night was dark and wet. Flickering dimly in the niist : a lamp glimmered, like .the ghost of a.fallen .star. A losing light with the night,-; thought I, a la Victor Hugo. Strange anomaly. The kerosene disen-" tombed from the darkness of the inner earth;--"flashing .a. flickering moment into light, tob(Tlost for ever in the immensity of the darkness of the outer world; an islet of light in, an ocean of opacity—an oasis on the ' black desert of night—a corporation lanip in liyrie street. The night was dark. I'have mentioned the fact before; it may 'not-be either new or interesting, but it is necessary to the elucidation of the subject. Another anomaly—darkness necessary for elucidation. liyrie street is bounded on the north by a strip of land of muddy con sistency, included between a fence and a I gutter. This is by courtesy called a foot I path. Ryrie street is cut transversely by Bellarine street. At the south-east inter section is a lamp. Here the darkness is intense. Plunging into the turbid flood, I was about to cross the street when I was plunged into an embrace of the dirtiest part of Mother Earth's person, by contact with a substance hard, cold, and cylindrical What was it ? A memorial shaft of pre historic man f a fossil worm of autideluvian origin ? a telegraph post with a swelling in the throat ? Conjecture failed to account for its presence and contour. , I went home and breathlessly awaited the dawn!. At last it came, " with russet mantle clad," walking over the dew of the high eastern hills. With velocipedal haste (new adjec ■ tive—sucking Johnsons, take the hint) 1 rushed to the scene of my. adventure. Good I heavens ! spirit of Christopherson ! my feelings are too much for pipes for the water supply. \ ^ There is real enjoyment to the spectator in a ■well- contested game of football. Whether the enjoyment extends to the combatants is another question. I went to see the football match on Saturday, and at least spent the afternoon without excruciat ing ennui. The play was agreeably warm, as contrasted with the weather, which was disagreeably cold; the spills were delight fully numerous, and the torn guernseys would have delighted a linendraper's heart The play of the Geelong men individually . was better than that of their opponents, but they lacked very considerably the dis ciplined and co-operation which only prac tice can give, and-wbich enabled the Mel 'bourne club to make the stand they did I noticed, too, that some of the Geelong team,. although perhaps members of the club, -were not local men. This is not as it should be, gentlemen of the committee; the club will never practice with a will if strangers arc .to represent, them on field days. i 1 wonder whether Ixion left a very large family. If the young gentlemen who have been barking my shins this last week with those\ ingenious instruments of torture, hoops,—if, I say, • they are the lineal de scendants of the ambitious lover, of old, I,' for.one, would advocate their banishment from earth, and send them trundling . their wheels down the hill to hades, as the; out raged deity;: did their,, forefather. " Would the police, when they recover their authority with their beards, see to this ? — 