THE PATRIARCH OF CONSTANTINOPLE AND THE BOPE. We take the following curious document from the Guardian ; it is a translation from the Eastern Star, and is the authorised Greek ac count of the interview of the Papal envoys with the Patriarch, of which we lately published a short account given by the envoys themselves. ' T lie discussion at the Patriarch's Palace con cerning the invitation to the Council to be held at Rome, took place on Saturday, October 5, two' priests of the company of Monsignor Brunoni, the Envoy of his Holiness the PoDe of Rome at Constantinople, came to the Pro tosyncellium, on the part of Dom Testas, as agent of M. Brunoni, now absent at Rome. Having entered the presence of his Holiness and kissed his hands, they took their seats at the kind invitatipn of the Patriarch, who embraced them. Dom Testas took from his bosom a letter tied with a gold cord, and in a purple cover, and handed it to the Patriarch, while the priest next to him said in Greek, ' In the absence of Brunoni we come to invite j7our Holiness to the (Eoumenical Council to be held at Rome in the next year, on the 8th of December, and there fore we call on you to accept this present written summons.' His Holiness having indicated by a motion of the haud that the gold-fastened epistle which Dom Testas brought should be laid on the desk, and that they should be seated, addressed them in an earnest tone indicative of paternal love and ! kindness. ' If the daily papers of Rome and j others deriving information from them bad not published the letter of summons of his Holiness { to the, as ye call it, CEoamenical Council at j Rome and consequently, if we had not known \ the object and contents of the letter and the j principles (platform or standpoint) of his Holiness we would thankfully have received the letter ; sent from the Patriarch of Old Rome, expecting thence to obtain some information. Since, how ever, the letter of ssmmons already published iu the newspapers has revealed the principles of } his Holiness — principles utterly, abhorrent from ; those of the Orthodox Eastern Church— oa this account at once sorrowfully and straightfor wardly we tell his Holiness that we cannot re- ? ceive either such a summons or such a document from his Holiness, assuming as he does the same principles as have always been assumed by Rome —principles antagonistic to the spirit of the Gospels and to the teaching of the (Ecumenical Coun'cils and of the Holy Fathers. His Holiness having taken the' same step also in 1848, sum moned the Orthodox Eastern Church to make answer by an encyclical letter, showing dis tinctly and cleaily the opposition of the princi ples of Rome to the traditional aad Aposiolic ones— the answer to which not only did not please but also gave offence to his Holiness ; and that his Holiness was really offended the counter reply from him clearly showed ; and since his Holiness evidently will in nowise deviate from his own position, neither (by Divine grace) do we mean to deviate from ours. Wherefore we do not wish to occasion to him fresh offence to no purpose, nor can we endure to reopen old wounds and stir up agaiu extinct hatreds by questions and disputings of words which e«d, for the most part, iu breaches and ill-will — whereas rather each of us has need at this time, if ever, of evangelical and common love and sympathy, ou account of the many and various dangers and trials which surround the '? Ctmrch of Christ. Nor, again, is any mutual under standing or discussion iu Council possible unless there exist first the common basis of the same principles acknowledged by both. And further, our opinion is that the most successful and least irritating method of solving such questions is the historical method. Since it is mani fest there was a church in existence ten centuries bauk which held the same doctrines in the East as in the West, in the Old as in the New Rome, lat us each recur to that and see which of us has added aught, which has diminished aught there from ; and let all that may have been added be struck off, if any there be, and wherever it be ; and let all that has been diminished therefrom be re-added, if any there be, and whatever it be ; and then we shall all unawares find ourselves united in the same symbol of Catholic Orthodoxy froin which Rome, in the latter centuries having strayed, takes pleasure in widening the breaeh bv ever new doctrines at variance with holy tt a- '?ditiom ' -: ''???'?:-??? ????? ? ???? ? . ?? . -?To Donl' JDesfras,* who -asked ?}' what' opinions dincordaut .with tradition does your Holiness intend?' The Patriarch answered : 'To omit details, we canaot bo long as the Church of jthe Saviour is on earth admit— 1, that there is in the Universal Church of Christ any bishop, Bup.reme ruler,, and head other than the Lord ; 2, that there is any patriarch infallible and un erring, ?peaking ex cathedra, and above CEcuaae. nifial Councils, in which latter is infallibility when they are in accordance with Scripture and Apostolic tradition ; 3, that the Apostles were unequal (in contempt of the Holy. Ghost who enlightened them all equally) ; or 4, that this or that Patriarch or Pope had pre- eminence of seat, not by human and synodical arrangement, but ?(as-yre assert) by Divine right.' The document is evidently compiled with skill, and aims at ef fect. The object feeing to give aa appearance of dignity to the very paltry piece of impertinence towards the Pope, of which the Patriarch was guilty, and which, no doubt, he knew would tell well in Russian circles. It is astonishing to hear the Patriarch appeal to history ; for it is history which convicts the Greeks of having changed the old doctrine of their Fathers, con cerning the Supremacy of the Roman See. To omit other instance?, at the Second Council of Nicsea, being the 7th General Council admitted by the Greeks, a letter was read from Pope Adrian 1., to Tarasius, Patriarch of Constanti nople ; in this the Pope speaks thus of the Supremacy of the Apostolic See : 'The Saviour of the world gave the Apostle Peter Princedom ?and authority over the whole world, and through the same Apostle, in whose place we, although, unworthy, at present sit, the holy Catholic and Apostolic Roman Church has, up to this time hold, and shall for ever hold, his princedom and authority. It is the head of all ' the Churches of the world.' The Council, with the Patriarch, having heard Pope Adrian's letter, unanimously exclaimed 'We follow, accept, and admit these letters.'— [Hadrianus 1. ; Labbe, t, viii. ] Theodorus Studite3, still honored as one of the Saints of the Greek Church, writes about the same time, that the Pope of Rome, 'ia head pastor of the whole Chursh,' 'Apostolic head over all appointed by God,' ' keeper of the Kingdom of Heaven,' ' the Rock on which, the' Church was built,' 'Peter himself holds and governs the See of Peter, the- Supreme Chair,' 'the foundation of the Universal Church on earth.' He says, that ' according to primitive tradition, the doctrine of faith is to be transmitted from Rome.' Agaia ' Since Christ, our God, after bestowing the Keys of bhe King dom of1 heaven, conferred on Peter the dignity of pastoral supremacy; it is necessary that reference should be had to Peter, or to his successor, when those who go astray from the truth attempt to bring innova tions into the Catholic Church.' Such is the kind of answer which history gives to what, if we are ever to call things by their right names, we must designate as the impudent or ignorant challenge of the Schismatic Greeks Here we see the very highest claims of Rome to possess Supreme authority and inerrancy in the traditioo of faith. It is stated with dogmatic accuracy by Eastern bishops and Saints, by Greeks not by Latins, and indorsed by an (Ecumenical Council held in the East before the Schism. Here, afe any rate, the forged decretals could have Carried no weight. We shall hope to return^ to this subject next week when noticing Mr. Ffoulkes letter to the Archbishop of Westminster.— Oatholie Opinion. 