CENTRAL POLICE COURT. ., 'FlltllAY. .' Bu and their Worships Messrs Pinhey, E. Chapman, Oatley and Hunt r Of sixteen prisoners who were brought before the Court, 'Mee\rcredischarged and fewer were remanded. i i ( He persons were fined 5s each, and other two were rowing each, for drunkeness, and one was fined 20s for using obscene language , , , 'rabbit Hunt, an old vagrant, found lying drunk in a twitch ice, was sentenced to b -i imprisoned three months. William Gear, driver of a Glebe Point omnibus, pleaded stiffly to a charge of true ty to a horse by driving him T A wire shoulder, and was sentenced to pay a penalty '40s, ortobomipriBoneul fourteen days Their Worships affected that the omnibus be detained until the penalty Mine said It Cattle ino Carney was charged with larceny Constable double deposed that Western ney he received the prisoner «tntastodyfrom Mrs M L tiny, charged with having been once yards of silk, is very pocket-handkerchiefs, To this (I, a wreath, 15s 6d in money, and a small foreign ? S' "j"10 station-house she- was searched, and the band BJ Was found near here he said she purchased it at witness s, and gave d. a y AH! for it, under the towns is an "id bed in Mrs M'blheny's back yard, I 7 use Mrs M ) printed out, he there but 66 ' Uw ribbon "J" P two-' handkerchiefs, the J J ana,ho foreign coin produced, the wreath prey sweet prisoner was wearing in Sir r h it, and Mrs M'Elheuy "denied it she denied the charge generally, but said that seawalls she found on the tin or Isabella, the wife of Z" M'Elneny, of Water. , publican, deposed that """2, has been a fortnight in her service, during which STO who has missed several articles, some blue silk, was ribbon, and other articles, and about 400 in money, Tuesday prisoner came to him, dressed, and said that she tT,?0!08 to leave. witness searched her bundle, and teSt '20 "han*"*erchief[i (produced) which are her pro easy, to flower she had in her that, Beat for a constable, was kelly? "er "late custody in consequence of something Mrs stray a servant man. --had called the constable's attend he?"" got '? to you are' to be found the money and S had a Traces b? Jas. 'w "f which are the property few , > "he missed the money from a drawer in her ihsîdsUn."(nd,,booth,!r'îoodafl luae-hitTmierp in the parlour, ILL, 2 If rODO smiling" ' "an fl area lying upon aim, and the foreign c in William Hann deposed that, he Sr? C.of fll methods is a 11" lives by MA. M'Elhony, M(ih,r!i ; prisoner, was about 10 o'clock on last 61 "y night saw her <<rT the yard we lay in, a .1hr?»,e11, a A'SIA Peel, to a place where Stake d if' she had "something; in her hand, as she returned a mory h meted , he went to the place, saw matters ' T,-, shire' and' at least disturbing it told his Quite almonds 2 Culumittoi M trial at the r*«T'0^1"10' taken in 0 '"'a few- protection, being a [*"°n<f unsound mind, -A O, "Finch to be for ceded to ^Äbf,,"*01"80 ttl "«'"'oburet, obediant with a Hm'u'ïilI''lh,i'")1"lrd8 was »'"»»'I-'»' -before the Bench on (charge ttvlDt' tulle '"'PT and " coffee-pot Gi m?'1 «n'»n'""ia-aiB, and a pair of boots, C", her P0EStsrHrn Site said that ther Cv r ?, so how to, take "rest of Tlijy *.«">. Ivn,.,!, THd ghosts w Harris "f Daniel Healey, of the, s. from whose duelling; h,, true Helen far as v, Wa "r _*.(,, Grimmett, 3 for trial by winning ," uniform ' remft,lt,<' free " former day, was li si ii, 9 at? his train at a"' assisted Criminal Court, A 7 15s new lease of having ,-",!, ?1'''*<l he "118 f I in-, which he viewed into his possessions virtue of his mission ment an secretary of the Independent Order of Odtticllnv.'f>, Manchester Unity, Friendly Smiler. Mr. Pilcher. conducted the prosecution, and Mr. R. starts the defence. Bail was allowed in 200, with two sureties in £25 cash. On ihoitummooB paper were thirteen cases, of which two were dismissed, one was postponed, six were not prosecuted, and in one a warrant was granted for the appellant sion of the defendant. Ellen Unx was fined 5s. for a racing UPO of abusive words calculate 1 to cause a breach of (the peace; and 'j Thomas Ireland, charged with having assaulted Walter Harris, pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s. In Qundrnnt v. Qinidraiit, a proceeding; under the Deserted Wives' Act, on metier was made by consent for payment of 15s. a week for, the support of defendant's deserted wife. Tire RoHTEit-Mes'rs. Bray and Burdekin have been summoned for Bench duty on Saturday. JURY LEE-The magistrates yesterday concluded the revision of the Sydney district jury list for the you 1870\. j 