JAMES, ??? ' By the Grace op God and op thk Apostolic See, Bishop of Maitland, to 'the Catholic Clergy and Laity opthe Diocbsjk of. Mait- . LAND. ' ?,', ?'-, '_ '/,. '.[?'.'' ? \ .'. Deahly Beloved Brethren' a.^d Children in Christ. — The time has again, 'arrived when it becomes my duty to remind' you of the special obligations which the i I To iy' season of Lent im poses on us, and of tho riiost .e^crect duties we are called on to discharge: If, -Vt all seasons of the year, our holy mother tho Church invites us to repentance, and warns us to return with all earnestness and confidence to the Lord our God, she redoubles her zeal during this holy season of Lent and exhorts all in the moat solemn manner to do penance, and to (sanctify their seuls. H-?nce, she fails not to recall to our minds the words of Joel the Prophet, 'Be converted to me with all your heart in fasting, and in weep ing, and rend your hearts and not your garments, and turn to the Loid your God, for he is graci OU8 and merciful, patient and rich in mercy, and ready to repent cf the evil.' .... And again, ' Between the porch and the altar the Priests, tba Lord's ministers, shall weep and, shall say : spare, 0 Lord, spare thy people and give not thy inheritance to reproach/' Yen, Dearly Beloved, the Church guided by the spirit of [God, addressee to her children spread throughout the world the very same words. and adnhonitiona that the Prophets of old addresser! ta his bboeea people, exhorting them to do ' pen mce and to trust' in God's bour»dl«sa. mercy. 'for pardon of .t^eir past traosgJiessiocLS, ^nd;,.a\i, , '' npnisbea all te avail .^fen^Jyeaf.of iiv?, rjohes ©i, %fo Ifibiecfrioe^ 'and- «£ '*&', ^um6rs^.'gr&?eB 'wkica he n pfaesed, dariag tbes» d&ya; of ealva | ten, to pte» «$ &«- di^rakt. With this vie*, she requires of the Priests, ; who are God's minis ters and the dispensers of his mysteries,' to pouV out their prayers with all fervour begging of God to spare the people entrusted to their care, and to avert the miseries and calamities which have scourged other nations and peoples, and to shed on them in abundance the ineffable rewards which he has promised to those who love him. Hence, also, our holy mother, the Church, calls on the Priests to exercise that wonderful power granted to them, in ordination, for the benefit of mankind, and to devote themselves with all ear neatness to the great duty of reconciling sinners with God. Mediators as they are consti tuted between God and man, between heaven and earth, they are i-eminded that they have at tained thia great power and dignity, not for any personal interest or ambition, but for the pur pose of extending its benefits and unspeakable treasures to their beloved people. For thia ob ject tlie Holy Ghost descended upon them at the solemn moment of ordination, as he did on the Apostles of old, when the words were pro nounced by the Bishop, receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven, whose sins you shall retain they are retained, and the young Lerites fired with zeal for God's glory and full of solicitude for the sal vation of souls, dedicated their lives to his ser vice, and pledged themselves to labour in season and out of season for the welfare of the people. Yes, dearly beloved, the great dignity to which it has pleased Almighty God to raise his minis ters in the new dispensation, and the great powers conferred upon them clearly point out to the faithful the respect, the reverence, and the deep veneration they should cherish for them. For their sake they bear burdens and responsi bilities, not borne by the Angels in heaven. They are appointed to dispense all the treasures of the wisdom, of the knowledge, and of the charity of God. They are employed continually in the exercise of his mercy, goodness, and jus tice. They are his representatives on earth, ministers of his power and the dispensers of his word, his mysteries and Sacraments. The}' re concile God with man, earth with heaven, they carry to the throne of the most high the prayers and sighs of men, and bring them down in return the graces and mercies of God. They pronounce the. sentence of pardon and absolution in favour of repentant sinners on earth, and- that sentence is ratified aud confirmed in heaven,- in th/R sight of God and his angels. And what is still more wonderful when they offer up the great sacri fice of the new Law, which, they are : called on frequently to do in virtue of their office, for the remission of sins, they render really present on our altars the sacred body of our Lord Jesus Christ, so that the son of God, who, in the fall ness of time became Incarnate, aud was subject to Mary and Joseph, now submits himself to the will of man, and the all significant words pro nounced by the Priest at -the awful moment of consecration bringing him down from heaven to abide amongst us, and to become the spiritual food and nourishment of our souls. Dearly Beloved Brethren, do not these un speakable blessings which flow to us through the ministry of the Priests . clearly show their great dignity ? Are we riot reminded by the wonderful power exercised by them in the Sacrament of Penance, and in the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass of the great respect and profound veneration which is dae to them ? Should we not appreciate their presence amongst us and look ou them as liviug images' of our divine Redeemer gfn'ng about and doing good to all, bringing sr-uls to heaven and rescuing sinner* from the boudage of satan and the powers of hell? These reflections are well oalcilated to 'give us a high idea of the Catholic Priesthood, and to impress us with the necessity of set ting the utmost value on their1 ministrations, and yet how often do the faithful, though looking upon them as ambassadors of Christ and welcoming them as His ministers to their homes, neglect the most important part of their duty and fail to turn their visit to a2connt by allowing them to pass on without approaching the 'tribu- nal of Penance, thus not realizing the merciful designs which God had in view in sending ttieui to the district. It is unnecessary for me to re mind yon that the great mission of the Priest in residing-or comina amongst you ia to labour for jour eternal welfare, to announce to you the alad tidings of salvation, to break the brea-' of life to the people entrusted to his charae, to in struct the ignorant, to comfort the afflicted, to destroy sin and to overthrow the empire of the demon, who has enslaved your souls. To this great work he devotes his life and consecrates his days, for this he exerts himself with the utmost seal applying suitable remedies to every spiritual disorder, 'preaching the word, urging in season and out of season, reproving; beseechin£r,::rebukiug in all patience and doc trine.' This then. being the' great ot'ject of his mission, it is clear th&t; those Catholics who neglect attending Mass and going to confession frustrate as far as in them lies the aims of 'God,' and the labours of his ministers in their behalf. Indeed, nothing so discourages or disheartens the'z-alcus Priest in- the midst of his many trials and anxious cares as the indifference of members of his flock to his admouitionB, 'ami the fact of rendering his visit attended as it is With' labour and inconvenience, comparatively fruit* tess, ???, ? - .''? ? ? ?'?;.'.'.'* ?''. If we by our apathy and negligence reject God's messengers and heed not their wise, coun sels| God in \his turn may reject us, and, .alas, does not a sad experience warn us. that in the hour of danger, and at the awful moment of t death, the Priest; may not be at hand, or arrive too late to prepare such souls for the dreadful account which they shall haye to render to a just; judge? ' Have ' we never heard - of any . of the faithful meeting -an. unprovidtd; death, which was considered a cha^tisme^t' from heaven for having - refused^ to', ' seek'1 fciiu i graces Vof .uthe ^S&cranvJh;&vxin; the.1 or rjmary visits 6{ the'-ciergymaW1^ «lufnn^'aiip'irV erase the epirit bl religion which prompts' you fo vnnk.ti gooor -ua sacrifices that you may enjoy the VJtiRjiBg of a resident Priest in /our rc^wctivo districts, but 'the negligence of some in 'a^pd- . ing to their religious duties, at the stated visita of the Priest,' seems to me inconsistent #;$h. these professions. He comes to impart to tKein peace, happiness and blessings. of all kinds, to banish sin from their souls, and they reject 'all these favours, put off their conversion and ^ne glect to reconcile themselves with God. Oiny dear brethren, if our divine Lord came amongst you once more, and vouchsafed, as he did of old in Palestine, to visit your towns and various districts, and called on you to do penance, aiid to avert the anger of God, would you refuse to listen to his words, or rather would you not for the time cast aside all worldly,- thoughts and worldly business in order to * qualify your selves for the worthy 'reception of the heav enly gifts and spiritual advantages, which the author aud finisher of our holy faith would be ready to impart to you ? But does not our faith teach us that Christ, in a most wonderful manner, has given to the Priests 'of h^s Church the great power which enables them to convey to you the same blessings which he was pleased to confer on the people of Palestine? Dearly beloved, the Apostle entreats us to put on the armour of faith, to seek the things that are above and not the things that are on the earth. New to the eye of faith the perfections and qualities of the Priest shine forth with peculiar splendour, participating as they do ?' wi- the wisdom, power, and mercy of God himself For ' every high Priest, sa^s St. Paul, taken from among men, is appointed for men in the things that appertain to God, that he may offer up gifts and sacrifices for sins, who can have^ compassion on them that are ignorant and err,, because he himself also is encompassed with iufirmity '' Approach then, with all confi device to the throne of mercy, and humbly recogni/e itt the person of the Priest, the representative of God, who imparts to you grace and mercy, and can have compassion on you as he also hath need of uieroy and compassion. Assist with the deepest reverence at the Floly Sacrifice of the Mass, rwherein is renewed from the rising of the sun to the setting, the sacrifice of Mount Calvary, and through its infinite merits all blessings are ?conveyed to our soul?, the empire of satan is [overthrown, and the gates of Heaven are opened, ?fto us. Assist with the greatest confidence on; Jail occasions, aud especially during the holy' ;season.of Lent, Christ himself will be your' ^mediator .and ad voeate, his sacred blood will iplead in your behalf,' appease the anger of his! ;eternal FatlVer, aud disarm his justice. ' : But in. order, my dear brethren, to share fully ?in these ineffable gifts we must have recourse to fervent prayer and beaeech God continually to grant us true sorrow for our sins and compunc tion of heart. ' With desolation, cries out the Propheb Jeremiaa, is all the laud made desolate ? because there i is none thab considereth in the heart.' And what has brought on all the. miseries and calamities that at present over whelm the world, but neglect of prayer ? And' again, have we not reason to fear that the trials and afflictions with which it has pleased Provi deuce to visit this laud owe their origin to the neglect of prayer ?. ''They have sown wheat, continues Joiernias, and reaped thorns, they: have received an inheritance and it shall not profit them, you shall be ashamed of your 'fruits, ?. ! because of the fierce wrath of the Lord.' : We are lepearedly reminded by our Divine,. 7, Redeemer of the necessity and efficacy: of' . prayer. Without me you can do nothing ;. ask !' and you shall receive, soek and you shall, find,,...', kuock and it shall be opened to you. We are . very weak, and our enemies very numerous and. powerful, but we are assured that we can do all ... things in him who strengtheneth us, and this- ,', aid sve shall receive from God if we have re- .. course' to prayer. *' Prayer, says St Alphonsus .'. Lignori, is an armour capahlo of resisting all as saults of the devil ; it is a defence whjck pre- . .serves us in every danger, a pr-rt which save$' ? us in ? every storm and a treasure \vhick;i, supplies us with every good.' And Saint; ','? i Paul warns us to have recourse ...to-, .?'..'. prayer under all circumstance. 'Bo not sdligit ous about anything, but in everything by prayer j and supplication with thanksgiving . let your ?? '. . petitions be known unto God.' We have.,. powerful enemies to contend againsb, but .their.. attacks can never exceed our strength if; we. .^ , pray, for ' God ? is fait of ul who Will not suffer '. ' you to be tempted above that which you, are,.. able, but will make alno. with temptation issue that you may be able to bear it.' Prayer1 th'ea, ',, is the ordinary means establised by God to cob yey to us the graces necessary for ;' salvation.'. ,tt *; is the key that opens' to us the treasures 61 ,' heaven, and our divine' Lord has pledged hi8 \\.^ word that his heavenly Father vyill, gran t. us 'ail' things whatsoever we shalla3k in hisnam-3. St, , Gregory says that ' by prayer tiieiV deserve' to' , receive what God from eternity ord'aiued to ?'??''* bestow upon them.' ' As1 moisture id ne'ce'ssa'ry.:il')Ji to preserve life in plants and support their' ve'g&f;' ?*'* tation, so, '; says ? St. ? (Jhrybostoui, ' * 'prayer - °'r is necessary for the sal vabioii of ! our Vouisi'- '.?;?; .And in another r. lace he observes that ^'a^'.J :;*'' .the soul animate thef Gbdy,v8(j: prayer. L;;' ^sustains the, life of' the soul ;'?' :aud' 8t.s 3 A nsustine; remarks fchaS as the' body oa'sKiot' 'He11 ;? , supported without food, so: the ;lif-j of tri'.'':squf'! ' ' ' '.cannot be preserved wih-ut. prayer; 'In- prayer''-'-'0'7 .we have a sure .means to redress all our 'wrprig's. anciito meet all our wants and nefivfis tits'. j'T-b.&:.'- ???'?' Lord desires to pour his blessings upbti ;us,-'but'f' : not unbss we pray. He giveaoul'y-.&jthOse; wlii£ '?']''? ask,iand by thia be remindaus of our'obl^tiottA- '-:' to. rdcur to his inorey for sncopur,»eitf'd.tO''in*kfei'' ''' ua acknowledge h\m- to be!the!aattor=of : alt ''fflif '\ ' ? ?worjea. Ail tiieae bbs'erv,alijptfsi'vvhfc'»':Il''^flvil * * .quoted from St Liguori'y: treatise' -6ni ''nki^?/^'- ' ; d«arly sho w , how necessarjy attd;hWiaH*vSfet%(^.t - ; ? ? , pus prayer is to all.— t].a6;witb«.-ttt?'iii,;yt1}f^'C W&tf;^ ': ' not etcpect the bleasingjoljiG^JcQii e.tfl'ruaTijs^ljiia^jiC taoni; and th.k-j,byit, an^e^y^.y;,^Ctg:and.gtac!ia»7 ['.: ,? Will|fl -w into. . K&vix; soiils^ ,a I^.n4.;,y^t .AViiitt a&l;:- ?' oopaber, of CbJristiana .thVire a^w.-.u'iio.u-rsvlfef 'tlrJak ;'!..:??- of pVaying ox raising their t! cagh s to Go^,. tvmgh tbj-s great doty c&a; bo «iisumu-g«d a :-nJp ph£39 ctr «t soy mwrremt oi the. dayi i*» deed, the miseries to whioh we are sub Sect, the temptations to which we are Sposed, remind us of its necessity ; and ?'itifiwe paaB daya, months, and yeara without e.fiving recourse to it. We are much concerned riSb6ut Tour bodily wanta and our prospects m the r world, and we spare no exertion to realize what 'We deem conducive to our temporal interests, 1 but we never think of Go, of eternity, or of em \- ploying the means which He has placed m our 'handB for securing our eternal salvation. It waa ; this consideration thaf induced St. Alphonsus ' Xicuori to look upon his little treatise on prayer ' as the most useful of all the books he had pub lished His words are so emphatic that I shall ' quote them in the hope that they may make a ' deep and lasting impression on those who have J neglected prayer, and arouse them to a sense of ' -duty in a matter of such vast importance. . . ' But of all these works, I do not consider one more useful than this little book, which treats of 'prayer as a secure and necessary means of obtain ing salvation, and all the graces neceBsary for it. Were it in my power, I would publish as many Copies of this little work as there are Christians (on earth, and would give to each a copy, that ;each might be convinced of the absolute necessity ;of prayer for salvation.' I speak in this manner of this little Treatise, because, on the one hand, I see the absolute necessity of prayer so strongly inculcated in every page of Holy Writ, and in the writings of all the Fathers ; and on the other, L perceive that very few Christiana make use of that great ineans of salvation. What grieves me most is, that though there is no practice on which preachers, confessors, or spiritual writers should Insist with greater warmth, or in stronger terms, than on that of prayer, still 1 know that preachers seldom recommend it to their audi tors, or confessors to their penitents, and that the spiritual books most currently circulated amongst the people do not sufficiently detail its advantages or inculcate its necessity. They, in deed, BUggest many excelleat means of preserv ing sanctifying grace, such as to avoid tfle occa sions of sin, to frequent the Sacraments, to resist temptations, to hear the word of God, to meditate on the truths of eternity, and other means : all of which are, I admit, most useful. But of what tise, I ask, are sermons, meditations, and all the means proposed by masters of spiritual life, without prayer, when Jesus Christ has declared that he will grant his grace only to thosa who aBk it? 'Ask,' he says, 'and you shall re ceive.' In God's ordinary providence, all our meditations, and good purposes, and promises will be fruitless without prayer. .Such being the wonderful advantages of prayer, it would seem but reasonable to expect that all Christians would devote a part of their time to this great duty every day, and make it their special business to attend to morning and night prayer. St. John CbrysoBtom. does not hesitate to say that they are unworthy of the name of Christians who neglect morning and night prayer. By this practice we continually acknowledge the supreme dominion of God over bb, and our total dependence on him ; we profess our indigence and our insufficiency, and we implore him to extend to us his protection, to deliver us from all evil, and especially from a Budden and un provided death. And if we recall to mind the number of poor souls summoned before the eternal Judge to render a strict account of their ill-Bpent lives, the practice of prayer becomes %he more urgent. How many have met with an untimely and unprovided death, and God has spared us and graciously given us time to prepare for that dreadful judgment ! Is it not our duly leven to return him most fervent thank for so great a benefit ? Our divine Redeemer himself spent days and nights in prayer to remind us of its necessity, and commanded us to pray that we might not be overcome by temptation. 'Pray that you enter not into temptation.' Hence we find that the ApoBtles and the early Christiana be fore engaging in any work prepared themselves by fervent prayer ; thua we are told in the Acts of the Apostles that before receiving the Holy Ghost they all centinued unanimously in prayer. Indeed so united were they with God that they continually had their thoughts raised to heaven, and undertook nothing without first offering it to bis greater honor and glory. We, too, my beloved brethren, should be unanimous in prayer, and remembering the words of our divine Redeemer, 'where two or three are as sembled in my name there I am in the midst of them,' we should never allow those of our household to retire to rest without saying night prayer in common, which is sure to bring down X-n ub the blessing of heaven. I recommend in a Special manner the beautiful devotion of the Rosary, which all Catholic parents should recite every night, and train their children to its prac tice, and thus inspire them with a most tender devotion to the Holy Mother of God. ?? ? 0 you,' flaya St. Bernard, ' who find your ?elf toaaed on' the tempests of this world, turn jfcot your eyes fiom the brightness of this star, if y« would not be overwhelmed by storms. If the Winds of temptations rise ; if you fall among the fcocks of tribulations, look up at the star, call on Mary. If you are tossed by the waves of pride ambition, detraction, ^fealouay, or envy, look up At the star, call on Mary. If acger, covetous tte«s,.or luBt beat on the vessel of your soul, look Up on Mary. If you begin to sink in the gulf of feelancholy and despair, think on Mary. In dangers, in distresses, in perplexities think on Mary, call on Mary ; let her not depart from yottr mouth ; let her not depart from your hearts, and that you may obtain the suffrage of her flayers, never depart from the example o! her eonmsation. Whilst you follow her, you never Oo astray ; whilst your implore her aid, you never ?Ink in despair ; when yoo think on her, you .ttevwwander ; under her patronage, yon never fall } under her protection, you need not fear ; ata being your guide, you are not wearied.' Oh,- yes, she is a most affectionate mother who frOl watch over her devoted children, will protect Ihea ia all dangers, will secttre for them a tm» jgojritof reagwa and a holy rangnatioa to th« y '?.?:.,????' :;i '.:'.' : . ?:. .;: .' ? . .: .' i .?'?'.-' \' ' ' ? '' i ...... '?. :.. .. -? ? ? .'?'?'? ? ' will of God at the hour of death, and obtain for them a blessed immortality. ? As the Bublime mysteries which we contem plate in the Rosary embody the history of the life, sufferings, and triumphant victory of Jesus Christ, we pay him special honour by its recital and unite in offering our thanks to him, through whom our Blessed Lady obtained all the glorious privileges she possesses, and with whom she now reigns in heaven, raised to a dignity far above that of the angels and sainta. Oh, then, well may we salute her 'blessed art thou among women,' for if she has been raised to the great dignity of Mother of God and Queen of Heaven, have we not good reason to honour her whom God haa honoured so much and whom he has in vested with such wonderful power that she can accomplish all things in heaven, and obtain for us by prayer whatever her divine son can per form by his power. To the important duty of prayer it will be necessary to and that of faating. Our first parents lost the glory of immortality and in volved their unhappy offspring in endless miseries by indulging and gratifying their ap petite, so our divine Redeemer came to repair thoBe evils by the virtue of abstinence and fasting. He retired into a lonely desert and spend forty days and nights in prayer and fasting, and thus pointed out to us by his example what course we should pursue. The Holy Catholic Church has, in all ages in imitation of our divine Redeemer, enjoined the Lenten Fast of forty days, which has been reli giously observed throughout the known world. ' Prayer is good with fasting and alms deeds more than to lay up treasures, of gold' according to scripture, they should always go together, and cannot but prove acceptable to God at this holy season when our holy mother the Church is engaged in begging mercy and pardon for all men by a general penance. We are told, in the 17th chapter of St. Matthew, that a lunatic was presented to the dis ciples and they could not cure him. Otti divine Lord hawing cast out the evil spirit, was asked by the disciples why they could not expel him, and Jesus said to them that it; was only by prayer and fasting evil spirits of that kind could be cast out. Now, our divine Lord had civen to his disciples power over unclean spirits, and yet in this instance they could not banish the evil spirit;, which posse*ssed a power over the child, that rendered the cure difficult, and re quired prayer and fasting. And so the devil holds a firm grasp of many poor souls, and causes them to neglect prayer and to disrpgard the laws of the Church ; and this evil spirit of irreligion which despises the laws of God and of his Church will not be bauished from their hearts but by prayer and fasting. But the power of of Christ ia alike salutary to man and iatal to the devil, wherefore 'put you on the armour of God that you may be able to stand against the deceits of the devil.' We are ex posed to great dangers in this Incessant warfare, but Christ is our defence, and is more powerful to support us than our enaiay to overthrow us. Be not discouraged then, should it please God to send you trials and iiffkutions, ' and while working out your 8 UvkcIo*! in fear and tremb ling, place unbounded corpulence in Christ, Jay ing aside every weigh tAiid the sin that surrouud eth us, by patience lftfc us run to the fi^ht pro posed unto us, looking on Je^us, who having joy proposed unto him, underwent the cross, despis ing the shame and sittoth on the right hand of the throne of God.' (Heb. 12.) He i°. the way, the truth, and the lite ; he is our ino4el ; he prayed, fasted, and suffered, to convince us that it is only by such auxins wo can reach his eternal kingdom. Hence the Oiiuroh, guided by his example, and animated by his spirit in order to strengthen us in this i/roai warfare, has enjoined the Lenten Fast, which in she early ages of the Church, before tlie faith of her children became weak, and th^ir charity s^iv.w void, was observed with the greatest riyour ; and which, in after ages, through compassion i'or the weakness an'3 tepidity of the faithful, ,;*ud for other grave reasons, she relaxed to tioine, extent, though at all times, aud und«r alt cirenmstancea, Bhe maintained in its integrity anil full vigour the precept. In the same spirir-, my dear breohren, and with the view of itnp/Assiug on you the necessity of alma deeds ami other good works us a compensation for the favour** thus granted, in rirfcue of powdra receive- 1 J'roai the Holy See, I have adopted the following regulations for this [ Lent to be observed by the faithful of this diocese.. ( 1st. Whilst the L:i*v or i.in- Leuten Fast; re mains in full vigour, I gr.uit. m virtue of powers received from the Holy Sa«.U» a.11 wfco are obliged to fast or abstain, pmmWun» r,e. use flesh muat at the principal meal on all M-.nulays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, except Tlmr-idAy i-? Holy Week, aud on Saturday, except Saturday In Quarter Tense 20bh. February and Holy Saturday. Oo. all other days the use of lit'sh taeaX is forbidden. On Sundays flesh meat m.iy Lw usod more than once. 2nd. Eggs, cheese, ;io-l hm twoue not allowed on Ash Wednesday, Wetlunsday. iti Holy Week, and Good Friday, they can )-?:? ubiul on all other day3, but ouly at tho ou« principal meal. In place of butter, lard or drippm.^ is permitted at dinner. 3rd. On Fastiug days a collation is allowed in the morning and evening, at which some milk may be used. ' » 4th. Milk is forbidden on Aah Wednesday, Wednesday and Friday in Holy Week. 5th. Fish aud flesh meac cannot be used at the satne meal ou any day during Lent. 6th. Peraona not twenty-OHe years of age, or broken down by old ago, Buffering from sicknosH or engaged in hard labour, &c;, are exempted from fasting. 7th. Thoae persons who require a dispensa tion may apply to the Clergymen of the district, who are hereby authoriBod to dispense if there be a just caaoa for doing so, 8tb. Tho Clergy will be pleased to remind the faithful of the duty of making their annual c-on feasioa and receiving th« Sacrament of the Moat BUwatd Escfcarwt vrifchia the. fseeba-l tdaKst, — a—— — mmmi ???— ?— ?— — — — | — which begins on the first Sunday of Lent and ends on Trinity Sunday inclusive. ] Filled with solicitude for the welfare of your immortal souls, 1 have deemed it my duty to call your special attention to the ne3essity of prayer, fasting, and other good works, in the hope that my admonitions may sink deep in the hearts of some who have neglected these im portant duties. ; For the rest, I beseech you, my dearly be loved brethren, to turn to good account the many blessings which are offered to us during this holy season, and to beg of the Holy Mother of God to protect us, and -to obtain for us the grace to commemorate the passion of our Lord, so that we may deserve to partake in the glory of his resurrection. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. \+ JAMES, BISHOP OF MAITLAND. St. Joseph's Presbytery, February 2nd, 1869 