Wgt Courier PUBLISHED DAILY. MONDAY, ArillL 20, 1800. OUR " big brother," the Sydney Morning Herald, occasionally condescends to glance across the border and comment upon the affairs of Queensland. Such criticisms are always acceptable, for although they are sometimes based upon misapprehensions of the true state of the matter written about, sometimes captious, and always more or less oracular and patronising, as is the way with big brothers generally, still, they enable us to " see ourselves as others see us," and afford the opportunity of judging how far the opinion formed of us and our proceedings outside the colony, is justifiable or the contrary. A few days ago, the Herald, taking a sentence from His Excellency's speech at the MACKENZIE banquet, when proposing the toast, " prosperity to Queensland," took occasion to comment upon the Land order system of emigration, and pronounced against it, on novel, and as we think, un- tenable grounds. His Excellency said How were they to encourage the introduction of capital and labor ? His idea was, that they would encourage the introduction of capital only by assuring to those who brought it amongst them an indefeasible right to what they brought their money for as security. And how were they to attract labor here? By taking pains that, when these laborers arrived here, more care would be taken of them than he thought had been the case hitherto. He could imagine nothing more painful, more disheartening, to a poor man who had left his home and friends that on arriving here, a stranger in the land, to be thrown into the streets of Brisbane to be blinded a piece of paper which he was told was a land-order, and to be told to look for his loca- tion himself! but if means were adopted by which these men could at once get shown and obtain a suitable piece of land, or obtain remu- nerative employment, they would attract to their shores a very valuable population, and would avoid an evil which had hitherto been a great one-that of parties coming here to settle, who, on being given a piece of paper, said, "Is that all I am to got ? I will sell it for what it will fetch, and go to another colony. Upon this data, the Herald comes to the conclusion that " the effect (of the land order system has been to place men without capital in a position which requires it as indispensable to success, and to involve them in the bondage from which they only escape by an amount of good luck which it is hazardous to trust." It goes on to say The plan originally adopted in this colony (New South Wales) after the free grant system terminated, was to sell the public lands to the highest bidder to employ the money for the introduction of immigrants, and to make agents in this work of the Commissioners in London, under whose protection they were sent out There were details in the scheme unsatisfactory, and which produced discontent. But the results, up the _whole,..wore.good. Aegean part of those who came to the colonies in rinse quence have succeeded in rising into a better position, and becoming in turn the purchasers of land and the employers of labor. * * * In Queensland, the title to acquire land on their arrival has been given to immigrants. They pay their own passage-money, often borrowed. They are under contracts to persons who buy up their orders. If they retain them, they have to look for their own land, with every chance of being cheated or deceived, And concludes in the following oracular style ;-" We have no doubt that in the course of a few years the direction of population to these colonies will be very marked and extensive. This period has not yet arrived. It is still requisite that in some form or other encouragement should be afforded. The Land Fund would have been ample if it had been fairly reserved. One thing, however, is perfectly clear, that the issue of land-orders as a means of emigration is not unlikely to prove a failure for its great purposely presents a tempta- tion to much evasion and abuse." Now, if the experience of the last eight years proves anything, it proves that " the issue of land-orders as a means of emigration is perfectly sound in principle, and is at the same time the greatest attraction which can be held out to intending emigrants in the old country. We want population, but what we principally want it for is that it may settle on the land to cultivate or utilise it in some form or other. Unless the bulk of our immigrants for some years to come do this, they will be valueless, and a burden rather than a benefit. "While this is the case, what is so likely to attract the right class of settlers as the offer to give them the land if they will come and settle on it. The defect in our land-order system hitherto, and the one to which we apprehend His Excellency alluded on the occasion referred to, has been that instead of the immigrant getting a bona-fide order for so much land, he obtained a negotiable money order available for the purchase of Crown land, and was then left to find out as best he could where the purchasable land was situated, what its quality was, and how he could secure the kind of land he wanted to purchase. If he went into the auction room when a sale of Crown Lands was going on, he found himself surrounded by a host of speculators, who held large numbers of these orders, and having made it the business to acquire a tolerably exact knowles of the land submitted for sale, and marked the many valuable lots, they either purchased them on. eyes head 0J made him pay it or {(m times I actual value. Also, . of a Agricultural Reserves ^whichi'flllowed the immigrant to take means to h amount of his orders at El persevere with,. it competition he was Iif'Io betw On" became ill the reserves' were situate. <! considerable distance from the towns, and there were no deathly' which the settler on them could get his produce to market except bush tracks that were almost impassable during a considerable portion of the year. Under these circumstances, hundreds FOR SALE BY PUAuiü-A^IaadTJA.prii L lûcn who C£fov*^-~.>.-sv:w.3"OÍf UTffiuiiu, and who would '"have made excellent colonists if they had done so, were dis- heartened or disgusted with what they considered the deception practised upon them by the Queensland Government, so they sold their" land orders for what the speculators chose to offer, and left the colony for New South Wales, Victoria, New Zealand, or California because those places, being longer established and more thickly populated, seemed to offer better chances of obtaining employment. It was not the land-order system which failed to settle the population on the land after it had attracted them here, but it was the defective manner in which it was worked. As to any return to the system of selling the public lands to the highest bidder, and getting out immigrants through the agency of the Imperial Emigration Commissioners with the proceeds of the sale-that has already been tried here, and not only failed, but it has inflicted a permanent injury on the colony. The Imperial Commissioners regard it as their first duty to reduce the pauperism of England by shipping a portion of it off to the colonies-and they will send no other class while Boards of Guardians, country clergymen, and country squires will keep them supplied with this. If, therefore as the Herald says, "a great part of those who came to the colonies under such auspices have succeeded in rising into a better position, and become owners of land and employers of labor, it has been because the Governments of these colonies put a stop to the influx of such immigrants, and made such alterations in their land laws as permitted small capitalists to obtain land without having to compete for it in the auction room against large capitalists and land speculators. It would be perfectly legitimate to carry the Herald's argument a stage further, and say a large number of the convicts who were sent out to Australia years ago, have become purchasers of land and employers of labor, and that therefore it is desirable to revert to the old system of convict labor. The fact is, it is no argument at all, either in favor of the Imperial Emigration Commissioner's system, or against the land-order system, unless it can be proved that the paupers sent out by the Imperial Commissioners are a more desirable class of colonists than persons who make their own bargains with the Colonial Emigration Agents, pay their own passages, and come out on the promise of having a gift of land on which to settle and earn a living for themselves and families, If care is taken that sufficient land of suitable quality, and within reach of a market, is kept in reserve for immigrants ; if the land-order is a veritable order for so much land to be granted to the original owner of the order, on condition that he resides on the land for a certain number of years, and improves it and if the immigration agents and sub-agents within the colony give every facility to new arrivals to t to go up their land and settle on it, there is little danger in leaving the land order system to work in its own way. The temptation to persons without capital or experience to go on the land to clear, fence and cultivate, is not likely to be a great one, and if mischievous, will speedily cure itself. , in the Immigration Bill just introduced all these points have been considered and provided for, and should it pass, 56 is most probable, we have little doubt that the land-order system will prove the most successful scheme of immigration which has yet been initiated in any COlony. At the same time it is by no means certain that the inducements offered in that bill I might not with great advantage be much increased. Provided actual settlement is secured we can hardly be too liberal in the disposal of our waste lands, and if we are to compete successfully with other colonies, it will not do to continue to adopt half measures. IT was currently rumored in town yesterday that further unpleasant discoveries had been made, in which certain CUT" servants are seriously concerned. It is not desirable to mention names just now, but we have little doubt the rumors will very speedily be verified. If this sort of thing goes on at the present rate, it will save the Government a good deal of trouble in their attempts to trench j but, on the other hand, the administration of justice will for a time at least, become very costly. THE Municipal Council will meet on Monday (this day). Reports from the finance, legislative, and improvement committees will' be brought up. Tenders for metalling Elizabeth street will be received. A petition from Mrs. Pascoe, lessee of Edward-street ferry will be considered, and the following motions will be discussed easy His Worship the Mayor " That the sum of £100 be voted by this Council for the Fire Brigade for the year 1869." By Alderman Murray-" That a bye-law be framed for the alignment and kerbing of streets, and the frontage of one section at a time be completed when the Corporation are prepared to stone-paved the gutters or repair them with wood. By Alderman Pettigrew,-" That the City Surveyor draw up a report of the various repairs that are required to be done in the several wards, and that these repairs be carried out in proportion to the amount of rates received from said wards." By Alderman Beattie -"That Constance-street be put in passable repair at a cost not exceeding £12." SITTINGS will be held in the following insolvent estates, this day, at 11 o'clock, at the Supreme Court, before His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche : -A. B. Pritchard and Co., certificate sitting ; John H. Tudhope second sitting C W. Picker and William Hartley, adjourned first sitting and second sittings; John Bourne, Michael Pender, and Alexander Bennet, second sittings S W. Curtis Fneor, adjourned first sitting and second sitting ¡ Joseph Duggan, second sitting ; J. K. Montgomery, adjourned first sitting and second sitting | E. and A. Henry and Thomas F. Harrison, second sittings C E. W. Hollingworth, adjourned first sitting and second sitting ; Siunuol JJoH'coat and TO Robinson, second sittings ¡ Fritz Kellet, adjourned first sitting and second sitting j Sebastian Heussner and Donald John Coghill, second sittings; Lewis Raffin, adjourned first sitting and second sitting; William Edds, Kemmis and Bovey, A, A. Wood, and Thomas Jones, first sitting. A COMMISSIONER of Crown Lands, for the Gympiolnnd-agont's district, has beonnppointed, in the poMou of Mr. Townley, Gold Commissioner. COPPERFIELD has been appointed a place at which Courts of Petty Sessions, shall in future be hold. MR. SEATON H. DUN, of Taroom, has received the Commission of the Peace. THE late Chief Stationmaster at Brisbane, Mr. Matyejçff, has been appointed assistant superintendent of Telegraph, Northern Division. A MEETING was held at Lenneberg's Caf on Saturday for the purpose of establishing a new boat club in Brisbane, Resolutions were passed affirming the desirability of forming a new club, A secretary was appointed, and a number of gentlemen gave in their names as members of the club. . The meeting then adjourned until Saturday evening next at the same place. A MEETING of the Easter Monday Regatta Committee was held on Saturday evening at Witty's Hotel, when the balance sheet was submitted by the secretary, and it showed a balance of £6 after all liabilities were paid. That sum is to be deposited in the Savings' Bank, to go towards the expenses of the next regatta. A LITTLE boy four years old, named James Mogg Erandell, met with an accidental death on Saturday last. His father is a bullock driver, lately residing at Cooper's Plains, and, on the day named, he was driving his team, with his family on the dray, to the Townsvale Cotton Plantation, where he had just obtained, employment. When he arrived at Paradise Gully he endeavored to stop the team, for the purpose of putting the brook on the dray while going down the steep bank. The bullocks, however, would not stop, and got a little out of the track, and one of the wheels went into a deep rut. The poor little fellow was jolted out of the dray, one of the wheels of which passed over his chest, killing him immediately. A magisterial inquiry will be held into the affair this day. Two noted offenders, named Matthew Brigg, alias Scotson, alias Gibson, and Francis Jessup, alias Macguire, were arrested on Friday evening last, for obtaining money under false pretences. It seems that on the afternoon of that day they went to Mr. Michael Flannery's Assembly Hotel, Edward-street, and engaged board and lodging accommodation there for a fortnight. Gibson represented himself to a publican from Dalby, and the two produced what they said was a cheque for £80 on the Bank of New South Wales. The cheque was on a New South Wales Bank form, and had a duty stamp on it, but it contained no signatures. They represented to Mr. Flannery that they could not got the cheque cashed at that hour, in consequence of the bank being closed, and so imposed on his simplicity and confidence that they induced him to lend them £10, they leaving the supposed cheque with him as a sort of pledge of good faith. Some time after departure, the un Bophiscated publican was informed by a friend to whom he showed the document that it must be worthless, there being no signature to it. He therefore gave information to the detective police, who arrested the two prisoners immediately after at the Sportsman's Arms, Queen street, and found the greater portion of the money they had obtained from Mr. Flannery in their possession. They were brought before the Police Court on Saturday morning, but remanded till Wednesday next. They have both just completed a term of imprisonment at Brisbane gaol -the one for a similar offence, and the manner Wpr larceny. my tm ""-. ? NSS- ^2id'«c« terday | In. ? THE Darling Downs (Gazette 01 ... last says : " We regret to learn that V i you M'Dougall, of GunyaifBtation, died on Those April 18." This is the lady lately shot-guns assorted accidentally by her husband and to the above announcement of her death the D. D Gazette appends a rumor of a very painful character. But as a rumor, it is better not repeated. THE following is the latest report concerning the Brisbane Hospital Indoor patients remaining last week, OG ; received during the ending April 22, 11 ; discharged, 8 ; died, 1 ; remaining in hospital, 68 ; out-door patients receiving medical treatment, 152. The visiting Surgeon for the ensuing week will be Dr. Bell. The secretary acknowledges the receipt of the following sums From the em- ployés of the A. S. N. Company, £9 3s. and through the shipping master, £2 from J. Taylor, ship Ramsey, and £3 3s. from the poor-box in his office. Also, parcel of linen from Lady Mackenzie, and one of books from M". Nicholson. ON Saturday afternoon an accident occurred on the Jimbour run by which a man in full bodily vigour lost his life. The deceased's name is Patrick Neylan, and he was employed at Jimbour head station, and his brother was engaged erecting fences on the Daandine boundary of the run. On Saturday last deceased left Jimbour on horseback, intending to visit his brother, and later in the day he was directed by a man out on the run where to find the ford to cross the Condamine, there being then a strong current in that river consequent on the recent heavy rains. This is the last that has been seen of the deceased. Just before sundown, however, his horse was found, without rider, on the run, making its way back to Jimbour, and bore traces of having been in the river. Search was at once made for deceased, but without any satisfactory result. There is no doubt that deceased attempted to cross the river, probably under the impression that his horse would find footing, and he did not discover that the water was too deep an til he had got fairly in, when in the struggle he must have lost his seat and been drowned. Although the search has been continued for several days, the last intelligence received from: the station is to the effect that the body has not yet been found. The unfortunate occurrence has been reported to the police, but in consequence of the constables being all absent on escort duty to Roma, or on police business in the bush, no action could be taken in the matter beyond that instituted by the people on the station. Naylan was unmarried, and was a native of of Ireland. jTnMy Herald!, April 21. OWING to the withdrawal of lands from selection, there was only one application submitted for Commissioner Gregory's sanction at the Land Court on Tuesday last. Donald Ross applied for 100 acres of first-class pastoral land on Greenbank (the only station upon which selections may be made until next Thursday which, after being classified as agricultural land, was approved, Several gentlemen from Geelong, in Victoria, attended at the court, and expressed their intention of taking up land in the neighborhood of the town if they could get it. Much to their disappointment they were informed that all land on the runs adjacent to the town, except Greenbank, had been withdrawn from selection with the object of selling it by auction. -Dalby Herald, April 21, | Tire wheat grown by the Hon. James Taylor, on the ground cleared by him last year in Russell-street, has just been threshed by Mr. R F. Walker with his American threshing machine, and has yielded 540 (five hundred and forty and a quarter) bushels. The wheat was reaped off twenty-five acres of land. The yield is, therefore, an average of nearly twenty-two bushels to the. acre. The same ground was sown with nlaiSo immediately the wheat was reaped, and is said to be one of the finest crops in the district. Toowoomba Chronicle. A MEETING of persons interested in securing the traffic to and from the Peak Downs district, by way of this port, was held at Mr. G. B. Shaw's office, Quay-street, on Saturday afternoon. The proceedings were of a conversational character, and those present appeared to recognise the advantage of a regular and almost daily arrival and departure of teams such as would be secured by Messrs. Woods, Shortland, Fox, and Co., adopting the Rockhampton road as the route for the carrying out of the contract with the Copper Company. Mr. Fox was present at the meeting, and stated that it was his intention to examine the Rockhampton, Broadsound, and Mackay roads to the Peak Downs. The representatives of the firms in town, present at the meeting, expressed their readiness, should the Rockhampton road be selected by Messrs. Woods, Shortland, Fox, and Co., to furnish them with up-loading at current rates of carriage. Mr. Fox informed the meeting that he did not desire to secure any monopoly of the carriage of the district, but merely a share.-Bvlletin, April 10. A DiooEii who some months ago left the Mount Alexander district, in Victoria, to try his luck on the African gold-fields," writes from Natal to the Mount Alexander 31aii:-"I arrived here on the 12th December. At Mauritius three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately escaped. We were detained a few days in consequence ; but it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that nearly all the reports we had heard regarding the gold-fields were lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by fourteen men for twelve months, during which time they have only knocked out some 3 ozs. of gold. Distance certainly lends enchantment to the view, for few here appear to know anything about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports, He showed us some quartz from which he said he could get GO ozs. to the ton, which I am sure would not produce a pennyweight. I think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely-looking stone who failed to discover the ghost of a spec, nor could we find the color on any of the lot he had. If over a fellow deserved lynching he certainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that an English prospecting party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distance up country-quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 miles. No chance of wagging it here. It will cost £10 per man for the purchase of of waggon, bullocks, provisions, c. ; consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with them. in for a penny or a pound ; we are come so far and are bent on seeing a little of the country ; but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again, I say, stay where you are. You remember Mount Hope rush, or Mount Hoax, as it was called. There is a good deal of ' ditto ' about this affair, something not quite the " pure merino. By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but it wouldn't wash.' The Kaffirs work for next to nothing 12s. per ~ i< o^'VbJlPMQ&S.Ogr; day I mourn, u .- imagine a. case,.- and as for living being so very cheap, you can I live as cheaply in Victoria as here Fruit is About the only cheap thing I have seen as yet and for the ty peaches, and the same amount for A melons'. . . - T will write Bacon a. man 'sir I can got a chance of doing so. I wish I h back at Guildford again ; catch me coming "f 's wild-goose chase again, that's all TO THER native industry has just been estab- ribs W. H Rocke and Co. , manufacturers of nature, in Collins-street, Melbourne It is tuWnillin ' of slabs of Castlemaine slate are I to seri hope to tUth hall furniture as hall 3 tables,^bliJlrt.tauj^ iCt The slate takes the equalled" extremely well, and the effect produced firmly resembles that of duck mm ble, oi\\.1¡mLtl peterhead gi sure, that it would be Syme to distinguish between the two Whenever an, is used for the wood work the coal is excellent, and it is well to know that the Vnnelled slate is nearly as cheap d as the wood. \ 13 proposed to proceed to the manufacture of a mantlepieces, or. ; but it is thought that thü\0iois at present achieved are unstable for d.^-mg.tables or washstands. This fault may perhaps be amended. WE {Aititialasian) have information as Queen by of our old friends the camels TAc , Parliament of the sister colony has been grumbling about till stop. the animal as- it longed to th\Ladas'i.cu.hhoidt Send Committee, and it) presented by that committee to the Queensland Government. Some rude members of the Assembly at Brisbane were unable appreciate the generosity of the fair downs There are seventeen cases, and they are one in grass 1200 miles up the country, under the care of Mr. M'Intyre, brother if the explorers u Lost of £200 a year. if these circumstances it might not be ultogotheiunpar unable in unreasonable male beings to talk about white elephants. It appears that the Government thinks that politeness basils limits, and that a souvenir which costs for its main range £200 a-year is not required to keep alive their deep admiration for the Leichhardt he lies. Actor ding), the camel? must take care of themselves after the end of June next, for no more money will be expended upon them. Whether, as an honorable member suggested, they are to be branded and turned loose, or whether they and, another suggested, to be made over to some benevolent squatter, we cannot tell Yet it seems a pity that an experiment which was so costly, and from which so much was hoped, should come to so poor an end. 