A THE EEY. EATHEE PHELAN AND THE BIBLE. (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard .) The rev. father appears not only to be a learned gentleman, but also claims to be a learned linguist, as well as a learned Biblical scholar, but, like all otber great men, very bumble, in as much as nine- tenths of the clergy are far superior to bim in Biblical knowledge. He tells us that be has examined the texts of scripture in three or four different languages. W e are glad to bear of this improvement in the priests of Maynooth, for certainly some years back, beyond Irish, Latin, and Eng lish, their knowledge of either Greek or Hebrew was very superficial. The rev. gentleman says, ho studied the Bible History of the Old Testament with the names and facts ; this is a very differ ent thing from studying the Old Testa ment itself in its uncorrupted language. Little boys at school study these outlines, and thus know who David, Solomon, and Saul, &c.;, were, and of many things they did, but yet are ignorant of the great truths of this portion of Divine writ. We can find many boys and girls who, we doubt not, could perplex even Mr. Pbelan, with all bis knowledge of four languages in Bible history. Next, be says he studied the Scriptures of the New Testament under eminent professors : and lastly, be appeals to the celebration of the Holy Mass and the recitation of the Divine office as proofs of his Scriptural know ledge, Now, Ave are someAvbat amazed at this, as a proof of bis knowledge of the New Testament, for Ave defy him to ad duce a single passage from the Ncav Tes tament in support of the Holy Mass ; Ave at once say that this stamps bis ignorance of the NeAV Testament. As for the holy office, and bis reading every day some portion of the Scriptures, A\re are quite aAvare that the priests are bound, Avhether under the verandah of a public bouse, as Ave have often seen, or Avalking the public streets, to repeat, as our school children do collects, such portions of the Holy Scriptures as are contained in the breviary ; nay, Ave even go furthur, and acknoAvledge that Pius YI., in a letter to Anthony Martin, of Turin, recommended " that the faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures, for these are the most abundant sources Avhich ought to bo left open to every one to draw from them the purity of morals and doc trine and, furthermore, that there is the Latin vulgate, likeAA'ise the Douay Bible, in two volumes, quarto, the Eliemish Testament, ovenvhelmed Avitb notes and annotations, &c.;, and Ave have seen re cently a version of the Scriptures printed in Dublin having the approval of Dr. Cullen, and Ave have reason to believe that this is used by the students in St. John's College, Sydney. But let us understand Avliat Mi. Pbelan means by studying the Holy Scriptures, and Avhat he means by the W ord of God ; for our SaAriour said to the JeAvs, avIio had the Old Testament and read the same, " You make the Word of God of none effect by your traditions." The Talmud superseded . the Scriptures Avith them ; therefore, saitli the Saviour, on another occasion, "Ye do err not knoAving the Scriptures." We Protestants and the Eev. Mr. Pbelan mean very different things by the Scriptures and the Word of God ;we mean the inspired books of the Old and New Testament only, but Eomanists mean Avritten and unAArritten revelation — Scrip ture and tradition : — " all the doctrines of Christianity are derived from the Word of God, which includes Scripture and tra dition," LikeAvise the Eomish Church by the Council of Trent ordains that apocry phal books, bound up Avith the Old Tes tament shall be received as Divine author ity, — " If any one doth not receive all these books (apocryphal) Avith every part of them as they are used to be read in the Catholic Church, and as they are contained in the antient a'ulgate Latin edition for holy and canonical, and shall knoAvingly contemn the aforesaid traditions — let him be anathema." — Council of Trent). Here, then, Ave have to settle with Mr. Phelan, Avhat he means by study ing the scriptures in three or four languages and for several years. We, Protestants, deny the apocrapha and tra dition to be the Word of God, and while the Church of Eome declares that " all saving truth is not contained in the Holy Scriptures, but partly in the Scripture and partly in unwritten tradition, which wlio- soeA'er doth not receive xvith like piety and reverence as he doth the Scriptures is accursed." — Council of Trent. Father Phelan has, therefore, a very large Bible to read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest ; a most singular compilation : Susanna and the dragon, included together with Tobit, and Judith, Wisdom and Maccabees, &c.; No wonder when the Eev. J. S. Green- shawe visited Eome, 1839, and a priest said to him, " You protestants are casting the imputation upon us that Ave exclude the Bible his answer was, " I cannot find tho Bible anywhere in Eome to pur chase. I asked a bookseller for the Bible ; he said, here it is, sir, and he pointed to seventy-seven volumes only, and they were so overlaid Avith notes that you could hardly recognise a text." Were these seventy-seven volumes those which the Eev. Mr. Phelan spent so many years over in college under the direction of the most able nrofessors ? You will see. savs the Eev. Dr. Murray, in Eome statuary and paintings and relics Avitliout number, but no Bible. Nothing but the missal and the mass. The Bible, Avith the exception of the manuscript, is a scarce book in the eternal city. Sixtus the V. published an edition, in 1590, as true, legitimate, authentic, and undoubted, but Clement VII. revoked and republished it, there being no less than 2000 errors in it, and, as to France, one anecdote will shoAV Iioav little the Bible (not the Popish compilation of the apocrypha and notes of the Church) is knoAvn. In 1810 a French lady asked the Bishop of Chester for a copy of " the English Scriptures." "We have," said the lady, "an abridgement of the history of the Bible. but that is not the Bible." " I am told," she said, " that the Bible is read in many families, and all your churches in England, and that much domestic happiness is thereby enjoyed ; supply me Avith a Bible, seeing that the Bible and NeAv Tes tament are both translated into French." Why this request ? because tho Bible is to a great extent a prohibited book, as, says the Council of Trent, " in as much as it manifest from experience, that if the holy Bible, translated into the vulgar tongue, be indiscriminately alloAved to every one, . the temerity of men will cause more' evil than good to arise from it. It is therefore referred to the judgment of tho bishops or inquisitors, "aa'Iio may, by the advice of the priests or the confessor, permit the reading of the Bible in tho vulgar tongue by Catholic authors, to those persons, &c.; ; but if any one shall have the presumption to read or profess it Avithout such Avritten presumption, he shall not receive absolution until he first have delivered up such Bible, &c.; Book sellers, avIio shall sell or dispose of Bibles in the vulgar tongue, not having such permission, shall forfeit the value of the books, &c.;, &c.; ; but regulars shall neither read nor purchase such Bibles Avithout special license." — Council of Trent. Perhaps tho Eevd. Mr. Phelan does not come under this prohibition — "his faith and piety not being apprehended ;" but aarliat multitudes do in all Popish coun tries? Next Ave have the Encyclical Letter of Leo XII, 1824, addressed to primates, patriarchs, archbishops and bishops — a fine ecclesiastical staff, clothed in purple and fine linen, exhorted hy all means to turn away their flock from those deadly pastures, (Protestant Scriptures) termed Gospel of the Devil. Adhere strictly to the rule of the congregation of the index ; be persuaded that if the Scriptures be everyAvhere indiscriminately published, more evil will accrue, &c.;, &c.; In Spain, in Italy, thousands have been burnt for having the Scriptures. Even, very recently, Mr. BurroAV, on the part of tho Bible Society, Avas arrested and tliroAvn into prison in Madrid, Avhile many of tho Testaments he deposited in depots Avere seized. The circulation of the Scriptures in the vernacular tonguo met Avith violent opposition from the Eomish priests. But in Ireland, the priests there, to save themselves from defilement, Avhen they burnt the Bible, use a pair of tongs. Certain it is, therefore, that the Bible is prohibited from general circulation — and Avhy? because as the Pope's Nuncio observed, " The Papal Church has some usages not supported by the Bible." But let us briefly consider under what conditions the priests themselves read the Scriptures. Can they dare put their OAvn construction on them? Can they take the text in its plain and obvious sense ? or can they dare take the Bible alone Avithout the apocrypha and tradition as making up the Word of God? By Pope Pius IV. Creed, the last modern standard of the Church, every Eomanist declares : — "I also receive the holy Scriptures according to that sense Avhich the holy Mother Church (to whom it belongs to judge of the true sense and interpretation of holy Scriptures) did and doth hold; nor aviII I take and interpret it otherwise than according to the unanimous consent of the Fathers." "No one confiding in his judgment, shall dare to AVTest the sacred Scriptures to his OAvn sense of them, contrary to that which has heen held, and still is held by holy Mother Church, whoso right it is to judge of the true meaning and interpretation of the sacred AA'ritings, and contrary to the unanimous consent of the Fathers, even though such interpretation should never be published ; if any disobey, let them be denounced by the ordinaries, and pun ished according to laiv." Why, all Mr. Phelan's boast of studying the Scriptures in four languages for years, under able professors, is all bosh ! bosh ! ! bosh ! ! ! The notes attached to the Scriptures is his Bible. The interpretation of the Church is his Bible. The unanimous consent of the Fathers is his Bible. Susanna and the Dragon is his Bible. Tradition is his Bible. No wonder he spent several hours in the week in these studies, and what does he extract out of them ? Why, the holy Mass, anti-scriptural but traditional ; purgatory, rather a hot place to be prayed out of ; a Avafer divinity Avliich he and the faithful eat ; prayers to the Virgin and the saints wherever they may be ; and all, everything the modern creed of Popery lays down the belief, under penalty of anathema. Noav, we would like to knoAV from this learned divine, Avho has had a grammatical education, which does not fall to tho lot of every priest, as their letters prove, whether he consents and agrees to some of the notes attached to the Eomish Tes tament. " The original Eomish Testa ment abounds with comments that assert the principles laid down by St. Thomas ; that persons avIio will not obey the com mands of tho priest — let them be put to death." And Ave find that in the version, published under the sanction of Arch bishop Troy, 1S16, on Deuteronomy, xvii., 8, the very same horrible principle advocated punishing Avith death such as proudly refused to obey their decisions. This vieAV is supported, let Mr. Phelan recollect, by even a higher authority than Archbishop Troy, for every year the Pope excommunicates and curses all heretics, and particularly the Lutherans. " I ex communicate and anathematize, on the part of God Almighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, all that follow the damnable. imnimis and .nlinminnWe heresies of Martin Luther, &c.;, &c.;" Here, is the Pope the Head of the Church andbisliop Troy, and tho Eomish Testament (approved), all denouncing death anathe mas and curses upon Lutherans.' What says the orthodox Priest of the Church, Mr. Phelan? But avo have another note of the Eomish Testament on Eev. xvii. 6, " drunken Avith the blood of tho saints." 1 Protestants foolishly explain it of Eome, for that they put heretics to death, and alloAV of their punishment in other coun tries — but their Uoocl is not the Hood of the saints, no more than the blood of thieves, or mankillers, or other malefactors for the shedding of Avhich, by the order of justice, no commonAvealth shall answer.' Let us add to this that of Dens' Theology as taught in Mayuooth, and learned by Mr.Phelan and thousands of other priests ; and Avliat a horrible education this is which Mr. Phelan boasts of fitting him and others for priests ! teaching from the notes of the Church and the annual practice of the Pope, that in putting heretics to death they Avould be doing God service. Mr. Phelan says, "I must be a great blockhead if I am at this hour of the day ignorant of the Holy Bible." But Mr. Phelan does not study the Holy Bible, his study is the interpre tation of the Church, the notes of the Church, the Fathers' Traditions, &c.;, but as to the pure Avord of God he is like the JeAV, through tradition, he makes it of none effect. He does not study the Scriptures nor declare any truths from them, but Avhat the Church dogmatises and lays doAvn. The Council of Trent binds his mind and he dare not exercise an independent judgment, nor allow others to do so. The voice of the Church sets aside the voice of God. Priests or laity must not think, but im plicitly obey. "I most stedfastly admit ' and embrace the apostolicand ecclesiastical tradition and the rest of the observances and appointments of the same Church. I also receive the Holy Scriptures accord ing to that sense Avhich the Holy Mother Church hath held, and doth hold ; nor will, L ever understand or interpret it otherwise than according to the unani mous consent of the Fathers." — Pius IV. Greed. It is what the Church teaches and not what the Scriptures teach, Mr. Phelan's scriptural instruction is limited too. He must not have a: thought, nor a suspicion, nor an idea beyond the dogmatism ofthe Church. His mind is fettered, and he can exercise no right of private judgment no more than a fool or an idiot upon the plain word of God ; in short, he is a mere cypher to adopt any impression the Church decrees. He plainly puts the Church above the Word of God; and so it is laid down, that all authority which we attribute to the Scriptures necessarily depends upon the authority of the Church." — Pipheus de Hierar,; and so the same writer, in his dialogues against Luther says, " that the authority of the Pope is greater than that of the Scrip ture." What a jumble ! What a chaos must the priest's mind be ! any and everything; to smother God's word, and thus to put! God's truth under a bushel of human teaching and dogmas. The only person we have ever- heard: that had read all the Fathers through, was Archbishop Usher. We doubt, how- ever highly educated Mr. Phelan maybe,; with all the assistance of professors and acquirements of knowledge, four on twenty languages to boot, if ever he has; read one half ofthe Fathers through, and! " if not, how can he interpret the Scriptures j Or decide upon their unanimity. Pope Gregory declared " that no book,, no, not one chapter in the Bible could be! ' canonical were it not for his authority to ; make it so." Is Mr. Phelan satisfied1 that this Pope has fixed the canon of Scripture, for this is another question of great importance, or should he liave ne glected a chapter, what then? Really, we think Mr. Phelan must be fearfully puzzled ; but his creed is implicit faith in the Church however corrupt. A most; happy condition indeed ! Is ho satisfied1 that the sun' derives its light from a glow worm? This would be just as sound a: Botirce of faith as that the Word of God is dependent upon a Pope. Since we wrote this we learn that this: theologian has gone home, possibly called- in Rome to attend, the General Council: as translator, anotaior, commentator, expurgator, &c.; to that sacred body which is . to fix the Infallibility of the Church,; hitherto a floating dream. Surely .-such a; genius as this doctor of language, and; theology could not be well spared at a| time so urgent. No doubt , he will prove; himself there to be the shining light. . S. 