HOW MARK TWAIN WAS SOLD IN NEWARK. Thn Nerwark Press contains the following ernro-ition of what "Mark Twlin" terms "A Wicked Fruudi," perpetratetd oni hill d.rinig his visi ti tthat city :- It Is seldom pleasilt to tell on oneself,; but som. timrn it It a sort of relicf to a nman to make u snd conleCion. I wirh to utiblrden y llillnd now, and vet I lllnost Illievo tnt I an mii iovied to do it imore becanse I long to bring censure upon anotier mn than hi caume I destire to pour balm uipon om noudetld heart. (Ilion'tkllow what bial it, but I Iolieve it is tiln correct lxpres.ion to use in thisclnniction-nlver h iilng so, n ilnt hilml.) You mill remember that I lectour.ed in Newark lately tar tlo young genltlelnen of the Clatolian soci.,t) ? I did at any rat . I)uring the afternoon of that dtiy I wan talk ing withi o of the young gentlemeon iist referred to, and lie .aid hu had an ulcle wioe, Irum soi on cuus or oothetr, seenllll tLo hav urown Ipermanenltly b r.ft of nil lomtitlin. And with t, urs in his aets thia )oung lion said, "Oh, it I co id only one him i lughll once mnue Oh, it I could only ste ohi i weep! ' I was touclled. " I could nIver wlullstanid listreo., I usai, "llring him to imy l"ctrue. I'll atort him for you." "Oh, if 1 could but do ii, it you could but do ii, ill our Ilulily would tile's you for overmrnre -hor he is no very dear to us. 011, llty hluelictolulr caln you Ilak him ll ugh.? can yoii bring ,ootlling Ileirs to l11olse plllroeled orbi.?" I wits profounilly imolve. Isaid: "ily sOll, hrinig th old piurty r',unil. itin egit Sole, jlkes in that llcturo that will ille hiii laugh it'llhre is aniiy loIugh in Iitn, nilll ii thei y mlis fire, I have got omilie othlier thait will mlnaki him cr or kill hi I, one, or thlle ,other." Then'l tlie )oung ilin bles.oel iiil, u lid wo, lt lil ilIy nleck, anld blow his n no ll iiimy coat tail, anlld welt utilter his uile. le pbiliced him in full ielw, and in the seco.il ro.v of bencllhe tlhat night, and I began on him. I truel him .jihmiil I i kes, then with severonuie', I idned him i itl had jokes, and riddled him with goo.I onles; fird olld stale j bkes iito hillm, anld pellpcred him fore nd allt with red hloe new olnes; I warnted uiIp to mIty work, iland isiaultlld him ri?lht and lelt, iln frult and behind; I fumlcd l ald slivated anld charged and runted t';1 I was hurse anid sick, unid friantic ulid furians; bllt I iever imioved him ,lce-1 never startediI a LilelilO or a tear I Never in ghost of I smiile, and never susplicio of mlisltuel I was astounded. I clo.sed the lecture at last with onlie tlcpairing sa'rick \--ith one wild blurst oif humoulr, alld hurled a joke of upiernauralu atrocity full at him. T'hen I sit down lbeildered an I llxhautedl. he prelidenir of the Society camllle up and Imithd lmy head wilh cold water and said, SWhat maide you0 carry on 0n tIOwalds the la t?" I said I was trying to uake that conollluuded old foul I lugl ii the second rowu; lnld le said, " i\ ell, you were wiusnlg your tiime, b.ecause he is deaf atd dulllb, anld as blind as a balger." Now, rwai that anly way for that old maiiU'a nephew to impllose oil a btranger alnd orphan likae no? I simply ask yoll, as a llllll anll a brother, if that was any 0way for hiit to do? 