AAgrnrmcs.-It is not to be understood that we are hostile to athletic sports. Far otherwise; but we believe that their least valuable parts are the most brought forward, that they are supported by objec tionable and adventitioune aide, and that they are being pushed to undue extremes. First, the least valuable parts of athletic education are those which are con nected with flat racing. Naturally, they are held in the most estimation. The best athletic exercise is un doubtedly boxing. It is invigorating, not a tax on the eonstitution, and has also the merit of being of great use; for a man who can defend himself and use his fits is a man ready armed. Naturally, this is the ex ercise thnatlis most neglected ; so much so, that at the recent meeting of the Amateur Athletic Club, not a single contest could be got up either for the light or the havy.weight prizes. Running is the least valu able athletic exercise, for Englishmen are not in the habit of running away from their enemies, and their friends are not worth the trouble of racing at the rate of ten miles an hour to catch them. It is also the most injurious exercise, as is proved by the sad tales of heart-aches-real, not imaginary-with which the young men of the day trouble their physicians. It is the running, say the physicians, that does the mischief; but still they run on at an unnatural pace, and struggle against nature, and finish "very much dis tressed," as the papers express it-in other words, staggering along, and very often falling just after the fnish from sheer exhaustion. It is curious, too, that men d4estined for the most part to pass a dull, sober, sedentary life, should prepare for it by exercises more suitable to a hunter in the backwoods ; but perhaps it is natural. We all remember the King of Bohemia, whose only passion in life was for navigation, though geographical circumstances prevented him from. oreanizing a national navy. Secondly, we object to athlletic sports being backed up by such an objec tionable practice as that of rewarding the winners with silver cups and medals. Gentlemen do not expect such solid compliments when they get fifty or a hundred runs at a cricket match, and the introduction of the custom into any University contest is a vulgar innovation. And lastly, we will support our nsser tion that athletics are being pushed to nndue extremes by a narration of facts. A week or two ago the Thames Rowing Club hold their sports, the pro ceedings at which weor duly reported in the leading sporting papers. At the close of the day, after the customary events had been brought off, there yas a two-mile steeple-chase. The competitors had to clear twenty hurdles, and also to get in, through, or over a water-jump, thirteen feet wide, with four feet of water, and a hedge of hurdles placed in front at the take off. Thirteen startod, and the majority quietly jumped into the ditch, and scrambled out-no great athletic feat, but rather calculated to induce rheu matics. This had to be repeated six times, and we belierve only two or three of the competitors attempted to clear the ditch at all. So far the steeple-chase was a failure, except that there are always spectators who like to see pesple looking damp and miserable, and on this occasion they must have been abundantly grali fled. But the Thames Rowing Club, which must innrlde in its committee some person of great powers of invention, had yet another surprise in store. An event had been reserved for the last, called an " Obstacle Race." The unhappy competitors were to swinm across a lae (which, by tihe way, was covered with ice a few hours earlier), tlien run 150 yards over five flights of wattled hurdles, then surmount " an obstacle," and then race home. There was a great deal of mystery about this obstacle. One paper said it would be an extraordinary obstacle; anot]her said it would be an obstacle simply ; another that no conception wbhateer could be formed about it. When made manifest to the eye, it turned out to be a barrier made up of "three Iperpendicular scaffold poles, crossed at three-feet interrals by three others." It was nearly dark when the start was cffected. The lake was crossned, the hurdles were cleared, and two dripping athletes got over the obstacle and secured first and second prizes. But the candidates for third honours were not so fortunate. Two gentlemen reached the top of the obstacle, and there they re mained. They could not- get down. Perched on the summit of three perpendicular scaffold-poles, sitting there exalted, "by merit raised to that bud emi ncero," on a bleak eveingin in March, in the dark, numbed with cold and saturated with muddy water, thcirposition cannot Ihave been verycnomfortabte. But soono friend arrived to keepthem company. A third gentleman equally eager to be placed in the race appeared on the summit of the obstacle. He also could not get down. He looked at the pair beside him, sitting fixed and motionless. Sedent, ater einpque sedebunt. Should he also abide on a perpen dicular pole, crossed by a horizontal one ? No. How then should he get down ? Happy thought; tumble down. Accordingly be tumbled down, and the shook of the fall preventing him from reassuming the erect posture, crawled the remainder of the distance and won the third prize. Thus we gather that if you are willing to swim, run, jump, climb up an obstacle, sit on a pole, tumble off it, run the risk of vertebral paralysis, and finally crawl on all fours, and will do all thlis in the dark, on a wintry night, you may get the third prize, and have the reputation of being a rather indifferent athlete. We shall look with curiosity for future specimens of ingenuity in the developments of athletic science. If there is any truth in the converse of the proverb, we ought to be not far off the sublime of athletics, for the ridiculous hasu been attained already.-Saturday Review. INSTINCT On REASos.-A correspondent of Land and Water writes : -As this well-hackneyed sub ject has again been mooted in your pages, I will trouble you with an extract from Colonel Campbell's " Indian Journal," premising that I have 'read of a very similar incident relative to the surrounding of a herd of pallahs by a troop of lions in South Africa. Colonel Campbell writes :--I was, as usual, scanning the horizon with my telescope at daylight, to see if any game was in sight. I had discovered a small herd of antelope feeding in a field from whence the crop had been lately removed, and was about to take the glass from my eye for the purpose of reconnoitring the ground, when, in a remote corner of the field, con cealed from the antelope by a few intervening bashes, I faintly discerned in the grey twilight a pack of six wolres, seated on their hind- quarters like dogs, and apparently in deep consultation. It appeared evident that, like myself, they wanted venison, and had some design upon the antelope, and, being curious to wit ness the mode adopted by these four-legged ponchere, I determined to watch their motions. I aseccord ingly dismounted, leaving my horse in charge of the sowir, and creeping as near the scene of action as I could without being disco vered, concealed myself behind a bush. Having, apparently, decided on their plan of attack, the wolves separated, one remaining stationary and the other fire creeping cautiously round the edge of the field, like setters drawing on a shy cover of birds. In this manner they surrounded the unsuspecting herd, one wolf lying down at each corner of the field, and the fifth creeping silently towards the centre of it, where he concealed himself in a deep furrow. The sixth wolf, which had not yet moved, now started from his hiding-place, and made a dash at the ante lope. The graceful creatures, confident in matchless speed, tossed their heads, as if in disdain, and started offin a succession of dying bounds which soon left their pursuer far behind. But no sooner did they approach the edge of the field than one of the crouching .wlves started up, turned them, and chased them in a contrary direction, while his pant ing accomplice lay down in his place to recover wind for a fresh burst. Again the bounding herd dashed across the plain, hoping to escape on the oppo site side; but here they were once more headed by one of the crafty savages, who in his turn took up the chase, and coursed them till relieved by a fresh hand from an opposite quarter. In this manner the persecuted animals were driven from side to aide, and from corner to corner, a fresh assailant heading them at every turn, till they appeared perfectly stupi fied with fear, and crowding together like frightened sheep, began to wheel round in diminishing circles. All this time the wolf which lay concealed in the fur row near the centre of the field had never moved, al though the antelope had passed and repassed within a few feet of him, and had, perhaps, even jumped over him ; his time for action had not yet arrived. It now became evident that the unfortunate antelope must soon be tired. out, when it appeared probable that the surrounding wolves would have made a com bined attack, and driven the terrified herd towards the centre of the field,where the wolfwho had hitherto been lying in reserve would have sprung up in the midst of them, and secured at least one victim. I, how. ever, did not allow matters to proceed so far. I was satisfied with what I had seen, and resolved to turn the tables on my friends the wolves, by making a slight change in the last act of the tragedy which was now faet approaching. Accordingly, just as the antelope appeared to be driven to a standstill, I put a stop to further proceedings on the part of their ravenous assailants by sending a rifle-bullet through the body ot the nearest eskulker, who incontinently gave up the ghost ; and his sagacious companions, seeing that their game was up now that the man with the gun had taken a hland, made a precipitate retreat, leaving me undisputed master of the field. I might easily have brought down an antelope with my second barrel, for the poor things appeared stupified with fear, but after having so far espoused their cause I felt that it would be treaclery on my part to avail myself of this advan tage, and accordingly allowed them to "depart in peace." The correspondent adds:--Well, I think that the "skulking" wolves had as fairly earned their dinner as any " stalking" sportsman, only that things are called by different names in man and beast, like reason and instinct. The modern sportsman stalks chiefly for amusement, whilst the wolves did so from the absolute necessity of providing themselves with a meal. Some of the English newspapers comment in rather severe terms upon tile proposed Parliamentary vote of £3374 1Is., to reimburse his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh the costs of the presents made by him at the Cape and in Australia during his present voyage. The Weekly Dispatek of April 17th says : " Some of the miscellaneous expenses charged in the civil service estimates areof rather a strange character. It is a very good thing, no doubt, that princes of the blood should see the world ; and,as the Duke of Edin burgh is a captain in the navy, we make no particular objection to his making the modern grand tour-all round the world-in a frigate. But if he feels icinclined to make presents, as a generous young man of high station would wish to do, it seems a pity to deprive him of the pleasure he would otherwise derive, by charging his gratitude to the national aeeount. He is allowed £15,000 a year, and it must be yery painful to him not to be permitted to behave like a gentle man at his own expense, but to see in the estimates an item of £3374 14s. for" costs of presents and gra tuities by H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh at the Cape and Australia and during his present voyage in H.M.S. Galatea." 