ECHOES FBOM EHOLAHD. (fboh ottb sfobxnra oobbbspokdeht.) LONDON, Dbc. 4. The racing season is at an end, and one unay look bbck and sum np tome of the results, which can hardly be said to be favourable to the true interests of the sport. -Never, surely, of late years has there been such a seasoh of unfortunate and, we may .fay, dngtaoefutmmdak and fiascos—not to notice a host pi paall swipdles. The first bf "these worthy ofnote 'Wait? the scratching of The Earl for the Derby, for which he was a cer tainty, to make way for Lady Elizabeth, who was to fly over the course like a meteor, bat who came to the scratch hocussed; and who it was done by, those only- who know whiqh way the money went can venture to form on -audible guess at. Then-came toe scratching of The EarL The Earl, had been kept, first favourite for the Lager up to the last moment toat any money waT to be got out of him, when toe pen was put through, him. These -are the great robberies of the year; there were many minor ones, and many attempted •ones. Betting has been flat this season, and' mo wonder, for dflless.fresh gudgeons are in troduced to the ting, the pike find itrathera •stale game rooking -one another ; and- the «ast season, while it has seen the retirement •of some big men, has seen none come forward •to take their .places. The career snd ek>. ample of the poor Marquis of Hastings, w^iose •death has .lately-pat an end jtoA his pitiful toner, hoaevidently read aloud a moral which has not been utterly without effect. Much •cruel obloquy ^ggfteen tyfi&ped; upon this un fortunate young nobletojan; and morning papers read fifetne monu lectures npon the ttnmataittytff"ii!s evtfn after Ms i 'marriage," which,nothing of the kind •oame public intmy1 way ftdni any act of the Marqu isand,to> there< really was not evdn •any actual, proof that such thlnga were trim, anight as "well have been ""spared. ,It isla •ounoue circumstance, too, to& the editor bf toe paper which was most coarab 'ahd'invefr •rate upon thti point, was himself not mat Who hire thuWsL somehow hOW-a-days, risky arar went.-That be was a nobleman,' and that 1 •should have been the mure torefutnot ■disgrace the mtvllied purity oFhis ojrdefc to oourap, anntoeptedtact; bat tekeiuycit wuiyiige, wad witboutaeinglema to loolrafter him or was df tomse fobbed by ' us ever hew to flatter and eay, "Rogues, you have tried to rob me, l>ut I won't pay you a fraction,"" and then and there retired from racing and gone down to JDonbington, he would probably have been alive And hearty now, ana if sbme few of the disappointed nobblers who now squirt their dirty little disapprobations on him had felt themselves injured in their tenderest sus ceptibilities, still they actually would ha^e respected him a great deal more than they do. " The evil that men do lives after them," says, or rather was supposed to say, Marc Antony, but in this in stance the evil which Lord Hastings did (at least in respect to the ring), does not live after him, for he inducted and fostered "plunging." He was the great "plunger," and it is at least satisfactory to know that this moBt reckless phase of gambling in con nexion with the ring hasj died with him. Moreover, he has left behind him the case of Day v. Rous, in which the immaculate Mr. Day seeks to clear his character from certain imputations supposed by him to be cast on it by our dear but peppery admiral, in certain remarks made by nim as to the scratching of The Earl and hocussiug of Lady Elizabeth. The trial can hardly go off without a tremen dous ripping up of stable secrets, and if the' tricks practised by trainers, backers, &c.;, can but be turned inside out, and exposed to the public view, some amount of benefit, if only by way of warning, must ensue. The plan of forestalling, too, has now reached such a pitch, arid the system of touts and tips has been so perfected, that even the little advan tage which an owner was supposed to have in the knowledge of his own norse, and the power of "getting on" early in the betting, is taken from him. All these things, it is needless to say, have and are acting seriously to the curtailment of betting, and the com plaint is load and increasing that there is very little betting. My own verdict in the matter, though no doubt opposed to that of the majority, is, "and a good job too." But if the betting of the season lias sustained a falling off, and if there have been more than the average number of "robberies," there can be no doubt that racing itself, as far as the excellence of the horses brought out and the largeness of the fields which have come to the scratch are concerned, has been fairly well sustained, better than could have been anticipated at the com mencement: in fact, there is plenty of vitality, as far as the legitimate sphere of the ring is' concerned, to carry it through triumphantly, if the evil of inordinate and universal 'gambling which it is made the handle to were utterly shorn away from it, and that is what the best friends of racing would be only too glad to see. At present we have but little racing news. Flat racing is, of course, over for the season; the handicaps have merged once more into the steeple chases. The last month has seen the usual Liverpool, Shrewsbury, Warwick, and Croy don meetings come and go; and thoogh there is nothing so special in any of them as to call for exceptional description, particularly when it is so difficult to pick oat anything, or to know where to begin or where to leave off, when space is a matter of moment, it is fair to say that these meetings have seldom been more successful than daring the present season. The fields have been large, unusually - bo, and generally good; and, notwithstanding the rival attractions of a general election, the attendance has been remarkable. The only betting quotations worth notice now are those for next year's! Derby, in which Mr. Merry's Belladrum still holds precedence at 6 to 1, Pero Gomez treAding on hiB tail at 7's, Pretender and Thorwaldien at 11 and IS respectively. Talking of tine Derby, it seems ' to be a Question where it will he run year, for a Mr..$todd having purchased audi become possessed of tire Carew property, |t, happens that a short portion present J Derby coarse 5s run upon this estate. How,] the qnarrel has arisen Between .the lessees of"] the ttoursfe and' Mr:' Sttfdd sehms a little difficult to understand. According to Mr. Studd's account the lessees did not treat him fairly and straightforwardly in the matter, hat went roundabout to come at their object, so as to .circumvent it if possible, and when tbfey found this was of no' avail, they sat up a claim which was altogether untenable The result, however,' of the difficulty is that Mr. Stud dusks heavy terms for the l$ase of his ground, and the lessees being notoriously of that disposition which prefers easy terms to heavy ones, a difficulty has occurred; and how it will be solved seems hard to prognosticate. In boating we have had rather a busy and important time of it lately for the time of year, having had what may almost be called two matches for the championship of the Thames. The .first of the two races was really, for tife championship of the Thames, and was rowed between Jamee Renforth, a comparatively new and unknown man from the Tyne, and Harry Kelly, the champion of the Thames. -Of Kelly's.performances, there is no need to apeak—they are written in the Book-of Fame —that is, in the rowing detriment thereof. fie had beaten every man of his day, .... . .. - - and had beaten them well and hand somely, and had earned UU title fairly; and though he is now rather paist the age when a sculler can be said to be at his best—being thirty-seven years old—he has in reality fallen off little, if at all, from his former prowess. James Renforth is a Durham man, and was bom at Gafeeshead-on Tyne, is 6ft. 7in.; and-rows at about list. His rowing feats axe of a comparatively late date, dating only from 1866, After a trifling match' or. two in his own country which hB won, lfo rowed Boyd, of Gateshead, and Bright, of Newcastle, beating bpth. But the race whitu stamped hm^afu^reat gun was that for tlfe amateur sculls d i Putney regatta, in; August i last, when he heat J. Saddler, Eagera, a-J Cooke in his trial heat; and- Saddler nad' Percy, of Newcastle, all good men and stafs This .was. thought .so well of by his.frieni that they detcrmined-to throw' in his hat tyrf thecbmnpionsbip, Midthefcreseht matoh i of the Thames. Reoforths stole is not » taking at l^Vhli praS WMltiqt during; his tTffining. aad the Londoh dlvi-, sfon >persisted; if Foot* iin ignoring Atie; pm&mnaiwe; at Ttbe.rPtitney tegatta; still( was some |uck Mnlt and that either) fothb*marl£.^l^e tbibg'was^kffuke,'at they-' shut their ey6s -*0 *&, and the hett* stood ihiugts might 'ude hMtti' 1. , ingofthe mob' the bdds wefo ofl RehfdVtl \-- (« * m apart most gamely to reverse the position of the boats, but it was useless; he had met his Utptclfc , and more than his match; and the riioe resulted in. Renforth's going in lirst by four or five lengths, and that tolerably easily. A strong tide was running, which perhaps was the cause of the race being rowed in so short'a time, viz., 22min. 30sec., this being,] the shortest time it was ever known to have been sculled in. The general notion was, of course, that youth—for Kenforth is ten years Kelly's junior—will be served, and that however good a man may be, there comes a time when he must give way to younger men; but that Kelly had not much fallen off from his old form, is shown by the result of the second match, which was rowed between Kelly and his old opponent, J. Saddler, on Tuesday, December 1. The miserable muddle which occurred last year in the race between Kelly and Saddler will probably be well in the memory of your readers, as it re* suited in a foul on the first day. and a row over, a squabble, and a law suit not yet decided, on the second. With whom the fault lay it is not our business now to con eider, but which was the best man was a moot point which nothing but a fairly rowed race on the merits of the men could settle. Accordingly a new match was made, pending the law Buit about the old one, for; £200 a-side, and no two races could be more dis similar than the one with Renfortb and the present one. In the first, the winner took the lead at the commencement, and was never collared ; and in the other it was a neck-and neckraceforaconsidcrablepartof the course. Kelly took the lead at starting, and at Bishop's Creek had managed to get three quarters of a length ahead, when Saddler made play and collared him, and for twenty strokes they were scull and scull, during which a slight foul, which was a tritie in favour of Kelly, oc curred, and at Craven-cottage he was still half a length ahead; from here to the Soap works it was a hard struggle, Kelly appa rently falling off a little as if beaten, and at tbe Soapworks Saddler had two-thirds of a length the best of it. Here Kelly rallied again, ana at Hammersmith-bridge they were again so level that it was hard to say which went under the arch first At Biffin's Kelly had about one- third of a length to the good. Here he made a great spurt to get clear, and at the Lead Mills had increased his lead to three quarters of a length, and to a length at the Doves. From this out he gra dually but steadily increased his lead. It was reduced a little at Mortlake, but in the end he came in two and three-quarter lengths ahead, both rowing hard to the last. - It was a desperate tooth-and-nail race from end to end, probably one of the best, gamest, and most exciting ever seen. Kelly, it is said, does not row with the lightness he used to, but perhaps on the whole this is hardly to be expected, but he was little inferior in this race to his best day. In shooting there is little or no news. A grand controversy is going on in the Field as to crooked or straight gunstocks, and which are the best for a man to shoot with. My own notion on the subject is that which ever a man finds he shoots best with, that is the best for him. It is absurd to lay down any arbitrary role on the subject Some men hold their guns shorter than others, some lay the head down closer to the gnu than others, and all such peculiarities most more or less affect the style of gun which will suit the best; and no two men shoot alike. No doubt, when a man commences to shoot he finds it difficoltto suithimself exactly with a gun, but having once done so, he has nothing to do for the future but when he wants anew gon fcailt to have the stock modelled to his old Pattern. The vexed question of keepers' fees JuMieceived some light npou it by the tifone or two gentlemen of high > . have teen accustomed to shoot , — 1° great battues. An absurd story ! W&sset; on foot Jinereiy by persons who had very little, if any, experience of what they j wrObe about) about keepers expecting and re- | ceiving such fees, that an invitation to shoot was, to ant an of moderate means, unaccept- i able by reason of the too serious taxes levied on the shooters by' Mr, Velveteens and his satellites. It is incredible what nonsense was talked on this head, 2'he Timet leading the •file, and we were told of keepers who pro fessed only to take " paper" as a fee, t. e. a five-pound note. My own experience on this head—and it is a tolerably extensive one' —has been : on a moderate ordinary day 10s. was always looked on as a liberal donation, and accepted as such; and on anything un usually '/ taU," t^at a sovereign was quite the outride that even the wealthiest men could be expected to pay. I have had the oppor tunity, as it happens, very many times, of tipping the keepers of noblemen of the highest rank, ana once in my life of Royalty, and a sovereign was always accepted with, every apparent mark of civility and satisfac tion ; and two or three noblemen have now written to set the vexed question at rest, and, curiously enough, the scale I have noted is also set down as the proper and usual thing by them. So now, perhaps, that wretched old ghost is laid once and for all, and young men and greenhorns, unaccustomed to shoot in " big 'snoots," will know what is expected of them upon authority which they may rely on. t Hunting has now fairly commenced, and though there are promises of good sport eventually..hitherto the weather has been, unfavourable to scant; .and sport has bedn butvery indifferent, some of the packs get ting no sport at all, by reason of the dry weather.> We have, however, some rain oil' just now, which will, in all probability, much Upprovematters intbis respect. The weather, - tpo, keeps very fine end open,: and then is mo sign of frost at present to check prooteq any way, and with a little moisture Itls iikely en'ouih that we shall be wiuuqg for a d«ur or twos frost' before the Christmas ■ i holidays Ore past add gone, or many a kennfel 1 will' be;crying ;*> hold^-enough," as* little enfon&bmst; ubout midway?* good for both „map ami beast. * Of course, Share are a good ■ F. f.; >$9 n&tyi; iB-:n:,' * ? n*:J<m I^,T.ld^lCB4li;Bo0BffT»rom«ihikt ■<«f hfiMbb^T«Weldi^O|Jiw£oM.WrtB.ttit .lta-§ftOMMWmtti. in 1«; irMUjr |ili|Me-4d»t 4MurfJpjrtb»t I •*' •e^<mi Dap m. Soma , will : M$ m b|OUgU ^U>«»vuri, M *b«tid^ntt^>joat •ff* 4hf-llto nt .HliaK«pt |y wi win« 4D t^apo^rtftiftpiat create in J fWWPffMBi witbH*h» iu»fcrtan>|p —uj*» ,|Wre.*ito*»lige., 3fr,«o)kiMk« iq both* M ^•iiw«rftnwiwiliB*f«li«i|Fi mm uhwfeMC. nttw %w do '• not cm*>imq tfi /•■ 