PICKINGS PROM SYDNEY JPUNOR. The Empire's " Flaneur " last Saturday indulges in what appears to Ur. Punch to ho a most unjustifi- able and uncalled-for observation. Speaking on the Water Supply question, ho remarks that the " Water Commission have most decidedly boon in the clouds lately." Suob a sneer is truly a telum imbelle. It appears to Mr.'Punch that "in tho clouds" is the proper place for them, and If to their presence there is to bo attributed tho lato welcomo rainfall, com- mendation rather than sarcasm should be shotcercd on them in return. '. ^ MATHIMONIAL.-Young lady advertisers in tho above linc are advised by Mr. Punch to savo their money and pay merely a vWt to the City Night llefugo and Soup Kitchen, whore it is duly notified that " men of all kinds arc always on hand, i. COOK'S MEMOIUAL.-Tho meeting hold at the Vic- toria Theatre on Monday afternoon, for tho object of raising a monument or some other memorial to Captain Cook, was a great success, ' if numerous attendance and tremendous enthusiasm may bo taken as indica- tions of tho fact. . Mr. Punch heartily sympathises with tho movement. , Some interesting facts in refer- ence to the great navigator were intiodiiced, and grent stress «as laid on the expediency of having tho testimonial completed next year, which would bo tho centenary of his landing on these shores. All tho assembly seemed to be, howovcr, unaware of one very curious coincidence, with Which' it is Mr. Punch's distinguished privilege to make them acquainted. Thc ofore-aid meeting at thc Vistorin Theatre was held on tho OOM anniversary of Cook's death at Oiehyhce. CnoKtANA,-The Hon. Mr. Owen nt the Cook Meeting, putin a somewhat peculiar clnlm to special interest in the movement. Ito said, according to the Empire, " Captain Cook was a fellow-countryman, having spent his early days at tho coal trade." This is tho first time Mr. Punch ever heard that working at the same trade constituted compntriotisin. Possibly, however, tho discoverer of the colony and our distin- guished colon-lst wero both.natives of Co(n)lon. Tho Hun. John Campbell also got rather rabid on the same occasion, for he said; speaking of tho effect of the stntuo on future generations, " The boys and girls would be getting inurried by-and-byo, and they would be having many likenesses of Captain Cook." Now it strikes Mr. Punch tint such a consummation is not devoutly to bo wished. As too many Cooks are pro- verbially acknowledged to spoil tho broth, so they would bo instrumental in giving rather a. monotonous feature to the appearance of our population. Fancy a nation ol " cooks 1 " Why they would bo worso than Chinamen ! A Melbourne telegram informs us that " John Tittle, accused of forgery on the National Until;, lins been aceniVed." It is fuir to infer that thero was not ' a " tittle " of evidence against him, but docs Hint afford a " tittle " rcavon -why the " magic wires " should spell " acquitted " with one T P "Wanted a single man forbedhtcad and safemaking." -Herald. What can be this man's duties P To keep guard over his employer's four-poster all day, keep it from the ills that lour-postcrs oro heir to, and mako tho bed so safely that its occupant may be " safe " not to tumble out of it, oven after a very " carly morning ramble " before the milkman enlls P-in short, a modem " Groom of tho Chamber P " Thursday's Empire informs us that the Cook Com- memoration Committee met yesterday in tho Judges' Chambers/ and determined lu favor-not of a Statue -not of a Clock Tower-not of a Philanthropic Cook Shop-but a.". STATUTE." This is a melancholy in- stance of the effect of assembling in a Law Court. L»t us hope tho Statuto will be a good one, and havo for its object tho " cooking " of all such idiotic and disgraceful transactions ns have shamed Now South Wules out of her propriety fur tho last ton months. AN INFANTILE PHENOMENON.-Somebody advertises far a " girl to mind a baby that can walk and bo use- ful." Mr. Pundi con hardly suppose that this situa- tion will remain long unfilled, for who could object to look ofter n "little darling with such precocious accomplishments. A useful baby P Whoever heard of such n thing before! .(lJ3r Punch, your are a brute I-Judy), A SHOCKING BAD 'UN.-A clergyman ha» lost his silk umbrella, and advertises for it ns a " clergyman's umbrella." Mr. Punch would certainly bo puzzled by what distinctive feature to identify a " clergyman's umbrella" from any other of tho genus. Perhaps it ¡B /*ofe-icr than anybody disc's, Toby suggests. Clover dog I \\\\\ A MORNING CALI,.-Milk, ho I " Wrnntcd, a Circular Sawyer. Apply Saw Mills, next Gasometer, Woolloomooloo, after ten o'clock. Dear Mr. Punch,-Dipping into my Herald at my matutinal meal the other dny I was astonished at finding tho abovo advertisement. lu addressing you on tho subject, I merely wish to observe that although I-havo frequently heard and read of upright and straight-forward mon, it has never before como to my knowledge that there wore circular ones too. Perhaps you, Mr. Punch, amongst your multitudinous acquire- ments, may bc possessed of somo information regard- ing this very interesting subject, and would inform the public, especially your readers, as to tho habits and occupations of this member of thc genus homo. Yours very truly, A LDVEU OF PCNCK. Mr. Punch was slightly thunderstruck-not to say electrified-at rending the following among the Herald advertisements. " Wanted a Curled Hair Devil, apply immediately, stating price, &c.;" Parkes I Parkes! Aro you " at it again r " Political Barnum of tho Southern Hemisphere, ore you really going in for another now " sensntion " to keep tho gnmo alive. " Exit Ghost. Enter Devil I " It won't do my boy I oh dear, no I never no more. 