ARCHBISHOP MANNING ON EDUCATION. In the course of a sermon preached by Archbishop Manning, last Sunday, at St. George's, on behalf of St. Mary's Orphan age, Greenwich, his Grace said that every nation which rejected the name of God in education exposed itself to all the evils of intellectual error and of a moral corruption ; and as an instance 01 tkat he mignt point to the first infidel French Revolution, which deluged that beautiful Christian land with the blood oi the martyrs. The only security for nations was fidelity to Christianity. Legislation could not procure it ; legislation might punish the crimes of men, but it could not govern the intellect, direct the will, cultivate the heart, or touch the conscience, except when that legislation was subject to the law of God. The only power to educate mankind was that power to whom the com mand was given by God—' Go forth and preach to all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Education without Christianity was impossible. They often heard about the distinction between religi ous and secular education, but that was a delusion in itself. They might separate education and instruction if they would, but they could not separate education and reli gion. Instruction meant the teaching of the young in reading and writing, the languages, and so on ; but education meant the teaching of the intellect, the training of the will, and the refining of the whole nature of a man. To teach reading, writing, and arithmetic, was not to teach the distinction between right and wrong, and also the lessons of morality were impossible without Chris tianity. Morality without dogma was im possible ; Christianity without dogma was impossible. To know God and His Divine Son was to know dogma, and on dogma rested Christianity, and from this flowed the moral laws. To educate without Christian morality, and without that conscience was not known, and the will was not trained, and the intellect was stunted and narrowed. No intellects were more stunted than those of the scientific men of this day who rejected the revelations of God, and referred the per fect development of man to the beasts of the field. The education of England had always been a Christian education, founded by St. Augustine. The great universities of England, of which men were to this day so proud — the endowed schools, founded by ecclesiastics in ancient times, were all the fruits of Christianity. Christianity was to this day cherished by the great mass of the people, though, it was terribly mutilated by that which separated England from the in fallibility of the Church of God— by that terrible mutilation, which three hun dred years ago struck down the fairest flower of the Church. Nevertheless, muti lated though it be, it survived to this day, and he hoped that day might never come when any seheme of education for our people -'would be adopted at which there would be an attempt at the delusion of sepa rating religious from secular instruction. Surviving that great wreck of 300 years ago, the Catholic Church of England still re mained—a small one — but still, deriving its light from the Holy See, strengthened by faithful Ireland, firm and incorruptible against all influences of the world, it was forming its own system of education once more. There was a time when the Catholics in this land were robbed of every school and university they possessed, and compelled to send their children over the seas for educa tion. And over the seas they went, and back they came, and the first fruit of then harvest was, that out of all this persecution and system of penal laws arose a noble list of colleges in the land. Far be it from our land when edcation should be separated from religion. 