Dean Swift's receipt for making a good poem, to try'itAs xpu could sound .a !pipkin; and if it rings .well on the knuckle to bq sure there is no flaw in it, wpuld, .we . are airaid; -be fatal if it'were npplied to tost the merits of the! Land Bill as it has been amended by Mr O'Shanassy. Some of Mr O'Shannssy's amendments are a very great improvement upon the original model, but it is generally admitted that he has overdone the Board system. ; Parliament is naturally jealous of endowing; irresponsible triburiftls with either hdjudicntiye or: administrative functions, and it would be far better ,tp;giya the: uower ,nt ; once' to the Supreme Court which 'Mr O'Shanassy, would give: to; his fancy Board. At the same time . while quarrelling with Mr O'Shanassy for travers ing one of/! ..the recognised ; privileges of Parliament,' or rather for crossing one': .of ; its j. favourite-.' prejudices, , it;: ought to he . conceded at once that-' .the land 'question is :' .just one of ' those eccen tric questions which' it is impossible to solve .by the application of established prin ciples: There: are complicated' problems in; morals and also. in. . mathematics which; utterly defy the formulas of their respective; scienpes to got over, and in like manner- in; dealing with the land difficulty, it is only possible to adjust it npproximatively by the agency, of imperfect .instruments. There are j so -many -obstacles attnehed-to it, so many conflicting interests arising out of it, and so - many contradictory .arid 'even inconsistent: class interests: to. be provided; for in it,, that: you can.no more, proceed to legislate ;fpr;.iti by tho ordinaryprocesses of. legislation than you "can, provide against ' the return of: aj "drought by the ordiriary "calculations ofarith-; metic. sA.perfect Land.BU which .shallAa-: 'tis fy all '"the deman'ds'made upon ' i t, '. which shall . please ! everybody and -injure nobody, .and yet fulfil the purpose for whibk it was theoretically deyised, is iio more attainable in the presence of all these difficulties than a perfect piece: :'ofr , mechanism - which shall exercise every known . formj of force at "one" "and the .same ! moment. ' All " that can bo done is to look nt .the que'stion in a spirit of compromise, 'and: be prepared- to give and take in bquril.proportionsTTThat this spirit will be uppermost in the Assembly when it proceeds to tuke into consideration Mr. O'Shanassy's - amendments is: riot very likely, we are afraid, and if tlie.general feeling is founded' on 'true 'instinctsj-'there is only one fate in store for it-;. According to orio -'of the Melbourne ' papers, '- ari 'attem'pt will probably, be riiade. tp throw the responsi- bility :of /rejecting, tlie Council's -Bill upon the -Ministry;- but Mr Mncpber'sou should distinctly resist any such design, with all, the force' of logic 'nnd Pnrliameritary precedehce at his command. . r-Mr Graritv.is the. putative father of Jthe bill, and on Mr Grant's head alone" sHbuld be visited the shortcomings of his' offspring.' Meantime there is iriore rea- ; son in - tlie argument that Mr Macjiherson should be prepared to make something like a Ministerial statement of the; future land : poHcy of liis Goverrimeni;, and tjio riiore so jrince' the recess -must intervene between its eriuncintion and its embodiment in a Minis- (' terialbill. ' Wha t prospect Mr Macpbi?rsori's ;Land Minister hnsrof'succeeding when so imnny have, failed; before him it is difficult to jsee, , and even after -the /bill has been laid iupon" tbetable by/ the occupants of the iTrensufy-'bericlies, its;fiiture fate canriot pos- isibly be foretold. : We don't know whether the suggestion whs ever made before, but why net at once meet: the. difficulties of the; subject boldly in the face, arid appoint? a committee' / selected : /from " ovary v' quarter of the House, nnd representing fairly, every shade of agrarian politics in it, to sit and. frame a Land Bill on . some model which! shall be acceptable to all parties. Tho ad vantages of such a scheme, if the spirit of par ty would only concede -it?' are ob vious j for it ivould 'at' once remove the land ques tion out of the vexed /arid troubled atmos; pliere of party politics, rind at the same time put tlie country in possession' of a measure which should be the boric possible result of. a joint effort; of v deliberative legislation, .brought" to bear "upon it without bias and without indeed ny, other motive, "than" a patriotic desire to do. the best for the country tha t could be done; .'. Of course tho obstacles in tho way. of our. suggestion being; carried into practice aro sufficiontly evident, but it would be a lasting boon to the general public ns well ns to the Legislature if the ghost of tlie-land - question-could bo laid for ever by n single determined effort ofself- deDinljsueli ns party spirit would be called upon to make. : There was some fun at the public baths on Monday afternoon, says the Dallarat Star, over tho appoiulmont .of an assistant-suporintendent. In order to. Ret n raau qunlified to render assist- nuce in case of accidents at tlie ballis, it was de termined that the applicants for the situation, five in number, should give an oxliibition of their powers in tlio water. A man named M'lntyro wns the successful candidate, . ns lie proved himself ?ble to raise n bag in which wero several, bricks from; the bottom of the ball) where the water was (he deepest. 