YE LAY OP YE DISSOLUTION ; OR, LUCAS, HYS LICKING. 'Twas the Knight, Sir J emmy Martin, To his feet so nimbly starting, Cried, "I would some trusty henchman now would rid me of my foe — Old Jack Robertson — who slily Baffles ev'rv dodge so wily — To compel a dissolution, or his party out to throw. " Well, I guess at what their game is, Sure as Martin now my name is — They are waiting till the people have recovered from the shock Of the yarn that Parkes once told them : When they find out how he sold them, All our golden dreams of office on the head they '11 surely knock ! ' ' And I fear, at the elections, There'll be awkward recollections Of the statements, widely differing, which I and 'Enry made — Dragged to light again before us — This confounded Ghost will floor us, And our muster in the next House will be scanty, I 'm afraid. " Go, bold Lucas, you 're the proper Chap to try and put a stopper On the Ministerial mob, who collar pay which should be ours ; On the paper stick a motion To dissolve, then I 've a notion That the present rowdy Session cannot last for many hours." Then uprose the henchman portly, And pronounced his reasons shortly, Why the Session should be sentenced now as quite unfit to live ; All the time with caution screening What was truthfully his meaning — That Jack a chance of doing good it wasn't right to give. Members roared to hear him spouting, Looking wondrous warm and stout, in His desire to make his rhetoric for dissolution felt ; Home appeared inclined to scoff' it ; Others said, he might, with profit, melt. " Quote a prayer from Will of Stratford, "That this solid flesh would Down with pond'rous thump he squatted ; Quoth he, " Now their gang is potted, For my arguments, so lucid, cannot fail to win the day But imagine his vexation, And Jem Martin's consternation, When they saw old Piddington get up, resolved to have his say. What he said no one knew rightly, Though he hopped about so sprightly, As a rolling flood of sound sans sense came The reporters it distressed, it pouring from his lips ; Was in print just as they guessed it, That " Jemmy was the carpenter who ought to have the chips." Then bold Parkes rushed to the battle, And a glib, smooth speech did rattle, Trying hard to shew be didn't fear constituents to meet ; But 'twas plain, for all his tickle, That he's in a precious pickle, And doesn't feel so very sure of sticking to his seat. After all this row and riot, Jack remarked in accents quiet, "Don't you think, my artful coveys, you can weather me like that; For I see your artful scheming — Of the sweets of place you're dreaming : D'ye think I'll let you back again ? Jack isn't such a flat ! When we do go to the country, You will want all your effront'ry To meet a slandered people you've been humbugging of late ; And there'll be no fresh election Till your yarns have met dissection, And the people realise the mess in which you plunged the State !" Then the House upon division Quite concurred in Jack's decision, That the country shouldn't bother with a fresh election spree, But when P. goes to Iviama Twill be rather an alarmer, If he meets with opposition may we all be there to see ! 