%\t Jji08se. — ? — To PkesekveSilk, &c.;— Colored silk articles, particularly those of delicate tints, should -not be kept folded in white paper, as the chloride of lime used in bleaching the 'paper will impair the color of the silk. Brown or blue paper is better ; the yellowish smooth Indian paper is best of alL Silk intended for dress should not be kept long in the house before it- is made up, as lying in the folds will have a tendency to impair its durability by causing it to cut or split, particularly if the silk has been thickened by J gum. Thread lace veils are very easily cut; satin and velvet; 'being soft, are not easily cut, but dresses .of velvet should not be laid up with any weight above them. If the nap ,of thin velvet is laid down it is difficult to raise it up again. Hard silk should ...never be wrinkled, because the thread is easily broken in the crease, and it cannot he easily rectified. The way to take the wrinkles out of silk scarfs or handker chiefs is to moisten the surface evenly with a sponge' and some very weak glue, or gum water, and the wrinkles ironed out on the wrong side by.a warm flat-iron. Vahnish fob Shoes. — It is a bad plan to grease the ; upper -leather of shoes for the pur pose of keeping them soft. It rots the leather and admits dampness more readily. It is better to make a varnish thus :^-Put half a pound of gum shellac broken up into small pieces in a quart bottle or jug, cover it with alcohol, cork it tight, and put it on a shelf* in a warnt place, shake it well several times a day, then add a piece of camphor as large as a hen's egg, shake it again, and add one ounce of lampblack. If the alcohol is good it will *be all dissolved in three days ; then shake and use. ..If it gets too thick, add alcohol, pour out two or three tea spoonfuls in a saucer, and apply it with'a small paint brush. If the materials are all good it will dry in about five minutes, and will ba re moved only by wearing it off, giving' a gloss almost equal to patent leather; The advantage of this preparation over others is, it does not striko into tho leather- and make it hard/ but remains on the surface, and yet excludes- the water almost perfectly. This same preparation is admirable for harness, and does not soil -when touched, as- lampblack preparation. — HaWs Journal of Health. ? ? ; SLEEPING OlTTHE FLOOR.— In the old monkey house at the Zoological Gardens, when the cages wereJbn ths^old plan, tier upon tier, the poof little fellows in the uppermost tier (so I have been _ told) always died first of the monkey's constitutional complaint, consumption, simply from breathing the warm breath of their friends below. But since the cages have been altered, and , made to range side by side from top to bottom, consumption, i understand, 'has vastly diminished amoog them. The first question in ventilation, therefore! is to get this carbonic acid safe' out of the room while it is warm and light, and close to the ceiling, for if you do not, this happens. The carbonic acid gas cools and becomes heavier, for carbonic acid, at the same : temperature as common air, is ad much .heavier ' than common air that you may actually, if you are. handy enough, turn it from one vessel t6 another, and pour out for your enemy a glass of 'invisible' poison. So dciwivto the floor tliife heavy carbonic acid comes, and lies along it justasit lies often in the bottom1 of old wells: ' or'old bte^ers' vats, as a stratum of poisonl killing occasionally the me)a,wh,6 descend into it. 'Hence,, its foolish, a', practice as 'I know is that of sleeping on the floor ; for, towards the small hours;' when the room gets cold,: th£ sleeper on the floor is breathing carbonic acidi And here one' word to those ladies who interest themselves ' with the poor. The1 poor are too apt in times of distress to pawn their bedsteads and keep their beds. Never, if you have in fluence, let that happen. Keep the bedstead!, whatever else may go, to save the sleeper from the carbonic acid 6n the floor. —Reo. G. Kingsley, inOood Words.- ? ..' , lLt-VENTit4.TED EoOMS. — Every time you breathe yon breathe two different breaths ; you take in one, you .give out another. The breath which has 'been breathed out must not be ?breathed in again. Those who habitually take in fresh breath, will, probably grow up largely strong, ;ruddy,. cheerful, active, clear-headed: fit for their work. Those who; habitually take in their breath which has been breathed out by themselves, or any -other living creature, will: certainly grow up, if they grow up at1 all, small weak, pale, nervous, depressed, unfit for world, andteinpted continually to resort to stimulants, and become drunkards. If you want to se^ how different the breath breathed .out is from the breath taken in, you have only to try a somewhat - cruel experiment, but - one which people too often try upon themselves, their children, and their : work-people. - If . yop take any small animal with lungs like: your own — a1 mouse, for instance — and force it to breathe no air bat -what you have breatheil already ; if you put it in a close box^ and while you take in breathiromthe outer air, send out your breath, through, a tube, into that, box, -thje animal will soon faint ; if you go on long with this process; it will die. Take a second instance, which-. I .beg. to press most seriously on .ihie notice of mothers, governesses, and Jiurses. If you. allow a child to .get into the habit of sleep ing with its head under the bed-clothes, and thereby breathing its own ^breath over and over again, that child will assuredly grow pale, -weak, and ill. Medical men have cases on record of scrofula appearing in children previously healthy, Which could only, be accounted for from this habit, and which ceased when the habit stopped. Let me again entreat your atten tion to this undoubted fact; ..-Take- another instance, which is only too common ; if you are in a crowded room, with plenty of fire and lights and company, doors and- windows all shut tight,* how often you feelf aint— so faint, that you majjr require smelling-salts or some- other stimulant. The cause of your faintness is just the same as that of the mouse's fainting -in-the box: you' and your friends, and, as I shall show you pre sently, the fire and the. candleslikewise, having been all breathing each otbet^s- breath's, ovelr and over again, till the air .-has. become unfit to support life. You are doing your test to enact ever again the Highland tragedy, of which Sir James Simpson tells in his lectures: to the work ing classes of Edinburgh, when at a Christmas meeting, 36 persons danced jail-night in a -small room with a low ceiling, keeping the doors and windows shut. The atmosphere oi the room was noxious beyond description;; and the effect was that seven of the party were soon after seized with typhus fever, of which two died.- You :are in flicting on yourselves the torments of the poor dog who is kept at the Grotto del Cane, Bear Naples — to be stupefied, for the amusement of visitors, by the carbonic acid gas of the Grotto, and brbught'tb life again by being dragged into the fresh air ; nay, you are inflicting upon your selves the torments of the famous Black Hole of Calcutta ; and, if there was no chimney in the room by which some fresh air could enter, the candles would soon burn ' blue (as they do, you know, when ghosts appear), your brains become disturbed, and you yourselves run the risk of becoming ghosts, and the candles of actually going out. — Rev. C. KingsUy, in Good Words. A 'Mystery op Pahis. — A story of a mys terious package is now going the rounds of the French journals. A few days back a waggon, belonging to the Orleans Railway Company might have been seen to stop at the Pont d'Arcole; two mea who accompanied it ap peared to consult together for a moment, and then, after looking round in all directions, as if to satisfy themselves that they were not ob served, they took from the vehicle a wicker basket, carefully closed, which they launched over the parapet 'into the Seine, and then drove rapidly off. A man engaged, in fishing below the bridge had, however, observed the act, and having got the package to land, opened it, and found it to contain fragments of flesh, amidst which he thought he could distinguish a human leg. He took the basket. to a commissary of police, and a medical man being sent for decided that the contents were human remains cut up, and in an advanced state of decomposition. The police naturally supposed that they were on the traces of a crime ; the railway men being arrested declared that the person to whom the parcel had been consigned had re fused it in consequence of the carriage being unpaid, and as they found it to emit a horrible stench they resolved to get rid of it by throw ing it into the river. This explanation did not appear satisfactory, and the investigation was carried further. The person to whom the package had been addressed was then applied' to; and the mystery was cleared up; his brother, -who resides in the Pyrenees, having shot a fine bear, had sent him a leg stripped of its fur ; but in consequence of the hot weather and some delay in the delivery, the game had become spoiled. He consequently refused to take the parcel, and intends to sue the Com pany for the loss occasioned by the delay. — Goliqnani. 