KOm °*JISj»BCUa The giant monopoly of opera* -which W been earned on by Messrs. Gye &ndMaplegST; at the Covent-garden Opera-house Tor^th^ last season, had, at the date of the-depufa~.. of the mail from England ™ of the mail from England" diooytont to and the press. The manasam {DT„ a^Mit literal programme, -iSSRjf**;^ adhered to—promises made and not« m*?** appearances announced «f art^ not appeared, operas promised w»X.k fa* the| 25th of June, of the ManmUa H ^ on [Madame Adelina Patti). iSasdnfe^ fled in the press, at all the box offkX °u libraries, that this dever canto®8 an* the opera-house was openedthere was stiu *r notice whatever outside the walk «» J?0' theatre, but on entering the honse o«j r 9' carriages and cabs hSTbeen SeT^Jfe mation was found in the corridors tL ?' consequence of the announced nrimn T' u suffering severely from hoarseness tk8 rare compelled to substitute «?.• directors were uii/v<uau iiu ouosunite 41F Huguenots," which was given, but, with the' exception of Titjens, there was notadww singer in it, and it was disgracefully ^' formed. To add to the annoyance of ton subscribers and visitors, the Court Circularnf the following morning announced that ton Marquis and Marquise de Caux hadoutoa previous evening been the guests of tha Prince of Wales, at Marlborough-house and' that in the concert held there during tha evening, Madame Patti sang two beautifnl airs most divinely. It is contended that the managers of the opera-house knew of the engagement, and purposely abstained from giving sufficient notification to the public and their suffering subscribers. So great have become these annoyances that it has been determined that this shall be the first and last of this gigantic monopoly, and that next year Messrs. Gye and Mapleson will encounter a rival enterprise. The exact character has not yet been defined, but sufficient aristo cratic and money patronage has been pro mised, so that but little difficulty is anticipated in carrying out the project. The event of the season at Covent-gaxden, however, lias been the first production in London of Mons. Ambroise, Thomas's opera of" Hamlet," "the music of which," says a London paper, "is. unquestionably of a very high order. The orchestration is indeed magnificent through out Great liberties have been taken by the librettists with our noble bard, the opera concluding with the death of Ophelia in the fifth act which Is entirely token up with the famous mad scene. Ophelia wanders into the midst of the Danish youths and maidens,, with the wild dowers in her hand. She sings a quaint and wildly expressive ballata, full of despair, and again, laughing hysterically, changes the theme to a light sparkling melody a la value. She picks up the scattered flowers,, and wandering away to the river, listens to the chorus of the water spirits (an exquisite strain snng behind the scenes with harp ac tall reeds on the river bank. She floats away mingling her last repetition of Hamlet's vow with the delicious song of the Wilois, and so the opera ends. The whole of this scene is poetical to a degree very rarely equalled." Mdlle. Nelsson played and sang the music of the artless Ophelia in a splendid manner; Mr. SnntJpy was cast for Hamlet; Tagliafico, Ho ratio ; Ciamp', the Ghost: Marina, Marcellus Fallar, Polonius; Corsi, Laertes; and Mddle. Sinico, the Queen. The gifted composer ■» omwws «ua. «u. Mapleson L ganisea company to play the opera in the provinces, and has already engaged Mdlle. Ilmade Merska to enact the rdle of Ophelia La Schnieder is still the centre of attraction at theSt. James's Theatre. Since my last com munication " La Grande Duchesse'" has given place to another of Offenbach's sparkling, operas, namely, "Barbe Bleue,"in which La Schnieder acts the part of the peasant girl Bonlotte, with the usual Schniederian cha racteristics. " She kicks up," says a musical journal, " flings her legs about, winks, points and creates immense laughter by looks ana gestures, the meaning of which canbot be misunderstood." On the first night of the production of " Barbe Bleue," another critic says, "Schnieder was in tetter voice than usual, which is not saying much. Mods. Dupins, who played the part of the man of many wives sang just as usual, which is saying very little. Neither of these vocalists wonld be tolerated in a seoond-class opera company. Apart from the latter artist being able to squeak in a manner which reminded one of Punch, there was nothing iu his performance which is worthy of further notice. La Schnieder is all the rage and fashion, and her performances attract Royalty, the aristocracy, and the entire fashionable world of St James s and Belgravia, by whom she isidolised unifiled, while the spirited attempt to reintroduce tbe English opera at the Crystal Palace is likely to fail through want of patronage. The dis graceful vagaries of La Schnieder have received a well-merited casligation from Mr. V. S. Gilbert, in his clever extravaganza, The Yetty Druidess," which was being played at he Charing Cross Theatre, In a smartly rritteri parody on Hamlet's advice to toe (layers, the following lines are not without ignificance :— ' * Ob, it offends me to tbe soul to bear Tbe tilings tiiat men among themselves wiu »J Of some coi-disant beauty of tbee&>— Whose face, when with ommrtfos »b« Out-Rachels BacbeL Pray girlsyou avoid », Neither be ya too tame; but ere yen go Provide yourselves with sprigs of mistktw,: Offer them ooyly to tbe Soman herd, , But don't»you suit the action to toe word, ? Remember modesty is still tbe fiahton.'" Ww Intention and spirit of these lines any erfectly understood by the audlenea and heir delivery is nightly followed by rounds of —II. very night, Itisroeot^Jj aring been inyited, fttnN iitraT»w> Holt waa accepteo^ ^j ^ papers-to Mr james Anderson. It very i11 that in disgust he was about to wft? rUSi the States, where his talente were retire ^0„Dt)reciated. Seemingly he did not sare Wnefaud. I fi"d' however, that he leave ^^acquaintance with a London renewed bw a q hJ. only on the 14th of audie^6' reftlIy fine impersonation of Joly' X at the Grecian Theatre, London. iDgornar. u. . . Murray has been compelled, »r' D°E?aK to visit the United under to recruit his health. His Josephine Fiddes) has returned wrfe (M,s8 ■* JL and Was about to appear S English provm"* CALL BOY. 