QUEENSLAND. Via Sydaey, Hay 1R. The police feme received farther important hrfdnwtic rapdqg tk murder of Mr. Hrflipt Tn.Er.Mra Chugb.—SsljoiMd is the revised tariff of telegraph charges which is to come into operation «e Monday next, the 24th instant:— for any Stance not occeeteglt miles of any nehfimad foe any mabs of words not ex eee«mt Mt, the anof Cd^and m tether samof 3d. ha t wu aMiliMillieanh. For anyiteanee exeeefimc » rates of each tee rig 75 nilw of each line, and for words not l ii irr dim Ml. the a—of tether asm of 3d. for each nddtewal number of words not ezeeefiae See. jrut onij Mtentnc itfMiun w —wis itiTt and not exceeding: 159 miles of such tee; and for any namlw of words not exceed my 10; the sum of la. Cd, and a tether asm of ti far each wMiiimiel iimnlei of oiaile me i in1iliiig fin For any distance wwafing 199 teles of each linn the ems of h_ and a farther sum of 64. for each additional nninhrr of se>H not cpnecding five. Dalwood's Cast.—The man Walter Dal wood, tried at the Criminal 8ittinga before Mr. Justice Wearing on Friday, and found guilty of bigamy, waa sentenced by His Honor to be imprisoned for nine calendar months in the AdHaidcOanL By an omheion the sentence did not appear in the report in Saturday's issue. PeopoeKD New Church of Ehglakd at Alber to* akd QwsmrKTOWS.—On Wednesday evening. May 19, a meeting waa held at Mr. Dearie's school room, Albertoo, to cmwidrr the best means to be adopted to cany out the proposal to establish a place of woterip in connection with the Church of England in the District of Qnernstown and Albertoo. Mr. John Formby, J-P, was voted to the chair, and tbennmberof persons present repre sented 89 sittings. It was resolved that applica tion be made for thenseof the schoolroom, and the Chairman was requested to communicate with the Bishop on the subject. The meeting then adjourned. The Daek Deeds of the Dabk Ages.—On Wednesday evening. May 1% the Bev. H. E. Merriman delivered his lecture in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on "The Dark Deeds of the Popes and Priests in the Dark Ages." The lecture. which wu illustrated with aterm of disisolvingviews, is published in the form of a pamphlet, and appeared to interest the audience, which was a very large one. The band of the Port Artillery per formed at intervals. A vote of thanks to the lecturer wu unanimously recorded at the close. Division op Nairne District.—The adjourned meeting of ratepayers concerning the contemplated division was held at the District Hotel on Tuesday evening; 18th instant, when about 40 were present, and Hr. George Gale presided. The Committee appointed to arrange the line of separation and to divide the proposed new district into wards brought up their report, and also a draft copy of memorial to the Governor, which were discussed by the Chairman and various member* of the Com mittee. The proposed new district embraces a lane portion of the Hundred of Kan man too, but entirely excludes that of Monarto. The wards dto posed are as follows, viz.:—No. 1, South Nairne; No. 2, North Naime: No. 3, Native Valley; No. 4, Big Waterhole; No. 5, Harrowgate. After much dis cussion, Hr. B. T. Parsons moved, and Mr. Renfrey seconded, the adoption of the memorial. Dr. W aid moved as an amendment—"That the memorial be not adopted." This was seconded by Mr. Burley; but afterwards that gentleman withdrew his sup port, and consequently the memorial was adopted. The nomination of Councillors for the proposed Wards was proceeded with, and the following were chosen:—No. 1 Ward, Mr. B. Benfrey; 2, Mr. H. Timmins; 3, Mr. J. Mullins, jun.; 4, Mr. K. Burley; 5, Mr. R. Brindley. Arrangements were made for engrossing and signing the memorial, and the meeting, which on the whole was an orderly one, closed with thanks to the Chairman. Total Abstinence Society. —Tbe anniversary of the South Australian Total Abstinence League and BandofHope is to take place on Monday, as per advertisement, anda meeting of the Bands of Hope in the Union takes place in the Hall this evening. BecitationB are to be given by the members, to several of whom prizes will be awarded by the Committee. The Band of Hope gala takes place on Monday on the South Australian Cricket Cluli grounds, the tea and annual meeting being an nounced for the Temperance Hall. Captain Bagot is to preside, and several able speakers are an nounced. On Sunday afternoon a sermon is to be ?reached by the Rev. S. Knight in the Rev. J. •yall's church in aid of the Society. The Beggar Gibl.—The Adelaide Miscellany contains the music of the "Beggar Girl," with pianoforte accompaniment, which has been made so popular by Madame Bishop's exquisite singing. The Snakes of Australia.—We are in receipt of a copy of a work under this heading, prepared by the Curator of the Australian Museum. Sydney —Mr." Gerard Kreffr, F.L.S., C.M.Z S., &c.; It is embellished with a large number of beautifully executed nla&es;, and the letter-press of this valuable work is extremely good. The book appears to be a very complete one, embracing as it does descrip tions of nearly all known species of venomous reptiles infesting the continent, and swarming in our seas and rivers. South Australia occupies a considerable space, and her poisonous and venomous snakes are, judging from a hasty glance, (dearly expatiated upon. We shall probably, how ever, refer again to the catalogue, descriptive matter, and plates in a subsequent noti -e. Mount Barker Court of Revision.—The Court of Bevision for the Electoral Division and District of Mount Barker was held by Mr. John Hindmareh, Revising Barrister, at the Court House, Strathalbyn, on May 20. The numbers on the roll are as follows:— Legislative House of Council. Assembly. Strathalbyn 279 514 Mount Barker 221 381 Echunga 44 207 Macclesfield 115 183 Meadows 122 217 Mllang 91 173 Langhorne's Bridge ... 87 !• 8 Wellington 18 43 Hahndorf 40 49 Woodchester 65 98 1,065 1,9.-3 Glassblowisg.— Messrs. Pay ton gave an exhi bition of the art of giasswowing. wonting, ana spinning at the Oddfellow's Hall, Port Adelaide, on Thursday, to a very good audience. In the course of the evening he detailed the mode of working glass, and made a number of fancy articles, which he distributed at the close. In the Hall was also exhibited a cosmorama, containing a series of illuminated pictures illustrative of the Americm Rebellion. The entertainment will be repeated this evening and on Saturday. It is worthy a visit, and will no doubt be well patronized. The Alm and a Machinery.—On Thursday, May 20, several of the Directors of the Almanda paid a visit to inspect the new machinery. It was fouud that operations have progressed so far that during two or three days past ore has been crushed by the stampers with the aid of the powerful engine just erected. Them are 27 pans in all connected with the amalgamating process, but they have not yet been attached to the main shaft. Some 40 or SO tons of stuff have been crushed, and it is probable that several sets of pans will be ready to commence the amalgamating in a few days. In the mean while the pans are to be roofed in as a protection against the winter rains. Stupidity Rewarded.—A Victorian country journal tells the following story:—" A number of gentlemen, parrot fanciers, agreed to meet in a twelvemonths' time, and exhibit parrots for a prize, to be awarded to the bird whose talking qualifica tions were the most meritorious. On the day appointed all gentlemen attended, bringing their birds, with the exception of one, who excused himself for not producing his competitor on the ground that it was such a stupid beast. This excuse was not, however, admitted, and the gentle man at once returned for his bird, which he soon produced, and on setting it down amongst the others, it looked round, with a seeming stare of astonishment, and audibly ejaculated, My , what a lot of parrots.' Amid roan of laughter, the prize was unanimously awarded to the 'stupid beast.'" Northern Farming Notes. — The farmers around Clare, Auburn, on Blyth's Plains, and the Gilbert are progressing rapidly with farming opera tions. The season has been most favourable for the cleansing of dirty land in all the Northern dis tricts, the early rains causing the rubbish—drake, wild oats. &c.;—to spring up. The fanners have taken advantage of the succeeding dry weather, and set their harrows, ploughs, and scarifiers to work with the full determination of extirpating the common enemy of agriculturists; and it is to be hoped they have succeeded, and will be rewarded for their trouble at the ensuing harvest.—,Northern Argus. Railway Traffic.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended Satur day, May 15 was:—Port line — Passengers, 1585; fares, £190 7s. 7<L; goods, £114 10s. 3d.; North Line-Passengers, 1.62T; fares. £348 19s. fid.; goods, £8010s.4d. Total, £1,457 17s. 8d. Canw or a Sutmto rf W Mlt adnttklSiL" Attack era Quucn.-Ak tkhttt •f thtUKnllM Bawd a latter i (antkr Me. O. J to ananbsrof Bnot the letter of thr "npi linli imInq fini i«I«r if (MAtakkdn pnbfishtil, it «mU eppeer the! Me. Baeefl Dane baa been fatged, as to fit fatij i w i hwae DBt tte raieiminHia cn ptonsd cA or any n>Krr Ban Cwwnu,—AMaWnnuii ddrmo-'A pleasing Jnatanea k related of the idiiUiUbiepk disposition and practical kindrw el the late Bar. Me. HOL Oufy laet week, it is stated that alon with the See. Mr. Main, of St. Gwtt'iPttdj terian Cfcnreh, OoBingwood. Me. Hill made a tear of Use neighbourhood, going boss buaas to bowse. to persuade the trade sawn who still hf "'J*!***" confaa to the prinqptes of the toriy Ghaot Aaaodathat, and act their weary shopmen free at an oariy period of the evening. Doubtless many now owe their qukt evening at bona or their tonr of harmless rermtwm. to his exertions." Ths Ghhshot Accidkht at Milakg.—The UadhDoe "Johnny.*' ton Mcningie. who waa shot through the palm of the hand, the charge entering hia thigh, has recovered. Or. tapnoa, nnder whose care he has been, had to ampotato theeecond finger from near the wriah end at one time feared that this would he necessary with the thigh also, owing to extensive laceration. THE Railway Aocidest.—The trustees of the fund formed for the benefit of the widow and children of Mr. Wade, who was kOled by a railway accident at Gawler, have received the subjoined suns since the last acknowledgment of subscrip tions:—D. W., Adelaide, £2; W. M. L., XI; W. B. L, Gawler; £1; Willaaton Bridge Com mittee, XI Is.; P. th. Sympathy, gminphin xi; J. D., 2b. Gd.; M. S., 5l; T. tt, 5s.; Mrs. J, Sc. Fbssbtxebiah Church, Kafuhda.—At a meet ing of the Presbytery of South Australia, held in Flinders-street Vestry on Msy 18, a call from the Presbyterian Church of Kapunda, in favour of the Bev. Archibald Crawford, of Victoria, was laid cm the table and sustained. Modus Operandi of Bribery. — It was shown at the Derby election enquiry that a gentleman of position in the town sat in a room at an hotel, before a large table, employed during the whole of the polling-day making out "tickets/* and, as fast as voters who had polled for the right men were brought into the room and vouched for. they each received one of these tickets. Ticket in hand, these deserving men then crossed the market-place to another hotel, where another gen llsman-waa stationed before -another table, and as each nMBJHfspnted bisgefcet he receHW in retard four sovereigns from the "gentleman." But here was shown the singular and morbific character of the atmosphere, to which we have already referred. The gentleman who made out the tickets, although he issued nearly 200, and all the recipients were bis fellow-townsmen, could not remember the name of a single one of them. He remembered the names ol 80 voters who had not received tickets, but of the 200 names he had written down himself, not one. But this remarkable affection of the memory was more than equalled by the temporary loss of reason with which this unhappy gentleman was'seised on the same occasion. Being asked what he thought would be done with these tickets, he replied that "he couldn't imagine," nor did he recover the use of his faculties as long as the Commissioners were sitting.—'' Election Papers," in Cassell's Magazine. _ J raijan iiiRLs.—l lie early youth of a Kill of the upper class is passed in a convent or under harassing and unnecessary restrictions. Scarcely any intercourse is permitted .vith young persons of the opposite Bex: in fact to secure a good marriage, a young girl ought to be kept almost in complete seclusion. Meanwhile, it often happens that a high-spirited girl employs her whole intelligence in deceiving her mother and evading her vigilance. Matches are sometimes made by signs in the streets, to the amazement of the parents, to whom it has never occurred to sub stitute principles for espionage. As may be ex pected, once freed by marriage from the thraldom of girlhood, a career of folly, and often of vice, is run by women naturally gifted with every capa bility of making good wives, good mothers, and exemplary members of society, had they had but a rational training and a fair share of enjoyment before they were married to a man chosen by tbeir family, and utterly indifferent to themselves. The strong love of Italians for children often exercises a beneficial influence, and many a young and beautifnl woman is absolutely and entirely devoted to her children with an abnegation of self seldom equalled, and never surpassed, in the homes of domestic Bngland. If there be no children, the theatres are the only resource; the husband prefers his cafe, or devotes himself to a reigning belle in another box; so the wife is escorted by his friend hence the origin of the now somewhat unfashion able appendage of the cavaliere servante. Une is startled to hear well-known scandalous stories of the leaders of society, who. scarcely repentant of the sins of their youth, spend their mornings in devotion and their evenings in receptions and the never-palling theatre. The tone in which immo rality is spoken of indicates only too true the low standard of the whole country: yet it cannot be doubted that even in this particular there has been some improvement in the last fifty years. How ever, there is little or no mental culture. Formerly, at Naples, the women of the middle class were kept ignorant upon principle; they were not tanght to writer lest they should communicate with their lovers.—"Notes and Notions from Italy," in Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine. I have a friend at London-super-Mare, a dear old lady, who keeps a school where young ladies are " finished." The ages of these damsels range from fourteen to eighteen, "sweet sixteen" being the average. Having a confidential chat with my fiiend dnrirg the calm quiet of her last Christ mas holidays, 1 asked her if she was not often troubled by her pupils falling in love. She answered me unreservedly. " I have to contend against no greater difficulty. In a town like this, where we cannot walk in any direction without meeting half a-dozsn hoys'* schools—to say nothing of the hun dreds of loiterers and flaneurs, who seem to think a girls' boarding- school is fair game for their sport —it seems altogether impossible to prevent flirta tions from ariring, and notes and love-tokens being clandestinely exchanged. I spare no pains or arts to guard against and counteract this; but the thing exists, and will continue to exiBt, so long as girls are sixteen and foolish, and young men and lads are bold and adventurous. My only plan, when I see that the tender passion has been developed, is to crush it in the bud." "What do yon do?" "You will smile when 1 tell you; for my receipt is the antithesis of romance. It is a dose of senna tea." "Senna teal" "Yes. senna tea. Whenever I perceive—as I very quickly do—(bat one of my young ladies has fallen (as she fancies) into love, I at once take her in hand. I never hint at anything connected with the tender passion, but I treat her as an invalid who is suffering from impaired diges tion. I keep her closely to the house and dose her liberally with senna tea, standing by to see that she drains the dose to the dregs. This plan is always attended with success. Sometimes she gives in after the first few doses* but usually it takes two or three da3*s to complete the cure. I had one obstinate ana protracted case that lasted a whole week; but I was firm to my plan, and in the end it succeeded. You may depend upon it, that, as a cure for a school giri's calf love, there is nothing like senna tea."— Once a Week. How Mark Twain was Sold in Newabk.—The Newark Press contains the fol lowing exposition of what "Mark Twain*1 terms "A Wicked Fraud," perpetrated on him during his recent visit to that city: -It is seldom pleasant to tell on oneself, but sometimes it is a sort of re lief to a man to make a sad confessiou. I wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I almost believe that I am moved to do it more because i long to bring cenBure upon another man than because I desire to pour halm rpon my wounded heart. (I r'on't know what balm is, but I believe it is the correct expression to use in this connection- never having seen any balm.) You may remember that 1 lectured in Newark lately for the young gentle men of the Clay tonian Society ? I did at any rate. During the afternoon of that day I was talking with one of the young gentlemen just referred to, and he sard he had an uncle who, from some cause or other, seemed to have grown permanently Lereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes this young man said:—" Oh, if I could only see him laugh once more! Ob, if I could only tee him weep!" I was touched. I could never withstand distress. I said" Bring him to my lecture. Fll start him for you." "Oh, if I could but do it! If you could but do it, all our family would bless you for evermore—for he is so very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you make him laugh? can you bring soothing team to those psrcti-Td orbs?" I was profoundly moved. I said:—"My son, bring the old patty around. I have got some jokes in that lecture which will make him laugh if there is any laugh in him; and if they miss foe, 1 have got some others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other." Theo the young man blessed me, and wept on my neck and blew hit nose on my coattaiL and went after his uncle. He placed him in foil view, in the second row of benches that, night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones: I dosed him with bad jokes and riddled him with good ones; i fired old stale jokes into him, and peppered him fore and aft with red-hot 'new ones; I wanned np to i»:y work and assaulted him on the right and left, in front and behind: I famed and sweated, and charged and routed till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious; bat I never moved him once—I never started a smi'e or a tear! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture! I was astounded. I closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek—with one wild bnrst of humour, ana hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him! Then I sat down bewildered and exnansted. The Presidert of the Society came up and bathed my head with cold water, and said, "What made yon cany on so towards the lastf1 I said I was trying to make that confounded old fool laugh in the second row. And he said, *' Well, you woe wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a badger." Now, was that any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a itrmngeifland orphan like ae. 1 simply ask yon, as a man and a brothtr, if that was any way for him to do?" J 