THE TURF. WAGGA WAGGA ANNUAL RACES. FIRST DAY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18th. The annual race meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club came off on Thursday and Friday, the 18th and 19th inst. Coronar with that of hut year tho meeting was rather a slow one. The was nothing sensational in the programme, and, therefore, : special Inducement for either horses or visitors. Still, there w a very fair show of both. If the horses wcro a little inferior to tho of last year, the races were as well contested ; and if the visito were less numerous than when the attraction of the Ten-mile ra proved so effective, they were at least quito as merry. The weather on both days was intensely hot, a fact of which tl fortunate boothholdcrs doubtless reaped the full advantage. The was tho usual motley crowd common to all racecourses, and rath moro than tho usual amount of amusement for a country cours On tho Grand Stand there was tho Tradesmen's Band dlscoursir sweet music for tho delectation of tho elite; while on the cours In addition to tho " noble lion" and the merry-go-round, both i which wero extensively patronised, there were nigger minstrel under-and-over-tables, and every species of " little game" calci lated to take tho taste, if not improve tho morals of tho publl The Committee have made several improvements since tho lai meet, for which they deserve the grotlludo of oil turf goers. Tl saddling paddock lins been planted with trees whoso shade will t on immense boon during future meetings, a verandah has bee made in front of tho bar, and sundry alterations have been mad in internal arrangements, of the stand. Two things moro aro ri quired to make tho Wagga Wagga course tho best country cours In thc colony, a " telegraph" for winners and placed horses, and black- board for scratchings and entrances. As it is, however, bot course and stand oro a credit to tho club. Tho arrangements fo the meeting wcro all excellent, and under the ablo management c the stewards and their oltlcers, tho race meeting of the year wen off w ithout the slightest ldtch, and wo bollevo without a Bingi dispute. There was n fair sprinkling of vehicles of every concelv able character, and of course tho usual crowd of horsemen. Thi booths seemed to do un excellent business, but no one got vori uproarious, and though thc police mustered in force and mad^ rather a formidable display, we did not hear that their service: were required. The ball was opened by Mr Bowlcrwlnnlng tho Trial Stakes wit! his handsome Ally Blue Bonnet. Minto'a friends were vorj sanguine of his chance, and but for some clumsiness at starting and an unlucky sworvo nt a critical moment ol tho race, tho result might have been different A good deal of interest was excited when tho bell rang for tho great event of tho meeting, tho Town Plate. Thrca horses were scratched, leaving seven to go for the sovs. Tho favourites wcro Valentine, and the winner of tho same roco last year Castoneo. Both looked flt enough for anything, and both had numerous supporters. Valentino, besides his own good looks, had all the prestige of a lucky stable to recommend him ; but those who remembered how the handsome chesnut last year, inferior condition, had bowled over such horses os Australian and Antelopo, wcro not disposed to lose faith In him in tip-top cendition, and against an inferior field. Tho result proved tho correctness of this view. Tho horse won a fast race with ease, waited until he got within half-a-mile of home, and then went through his horses like a shot, and for tho rest of tho distance showed Valentine, who did his best to catch him, tho road. The novel race taken by Mr Iliffe's good-looking grey, Spanker was a surprise to most people ; and the easy victory of Snowdrift the St. Leger, proved that Young Yattendon, whatever else he may have Inherited from his famous father, cannot boast of much of his speed. The Back Boco was a gift to Mr Devlin's Dusk, who did pretty much as ho liked with his opponents, and tho Flying Handicap, the last race of tho doy, was won after a capital raco by Mr J. Mitchell's racy- looking mare Fleur-de-lis. The only repre- sentativo of the "ring" was Mr Bradbury, of Sydney, bnt the bet- ting was not brisk, and the odds, where any were given, were only I nominal. This day passed over without accident, and i by tea-timo all Wagga were at homo again counting the losses of tho day and discussing tho chuncos of the morrow. ! TKIAI. STAKES of 4u sovs, for all two-year-olds ; colts, 8st 81b : I allies, Sst ¡ thrce-quartors of a milo. Ur H. G. Bowler's ch f Blue Bonnet, Sst .Yeomans 1 B. Stewart's b g Minto, 8st.Byan 2 P. J. M'Alister's b f Little Nell, Sst ...Stone 8 Eather an indifferent start was made, Minto swerving consider- ably on tho post, and Blue Bonnet getting all the bost of lt. The chestnut was never headed, and, though pushed bard by Minto ol the finish, won by a short neck. WAOOA WAOOA TOWS PÍATE HANDICAP, of 200 sors, added to a sweepstake of 2 sovs each. Entrance 5 BOVB. TWO miles. Second horse to receive 30 sovs from the prize. Mr P. J. M-Alister's ch g Castoneo, aged, 7st 01b.Howard Í H. J. Bowler's b g Valentine, 4 yrs, 12st 71b.Yeomans 2 S. G. Gorman ns g g Amateur, 4 yrs, 7st....,.Pollock 8 S. G. Gorman's ch g Chancellor, aged, 8st 71b P. J. M'Alister's b g Albury, 4 yas, 7st 121b S. White's br g Rearguard, agod, 7st 121b ! J. Hide's br IT Lntlcrv. nirnr! 7nt. mil, i After Rearguard and Amateur had indulgod In a canter on the: own account, a tolerable start was effected, Rearguard leading tl first time past thc stand, with Amateur second, Castonca an Valentine neck and neck, and tho rest in a cluster. At tho bac of the course Castonca commenced to go through his horses, an when the sandhill was reached ho had taken a decided lead, < which tho utmost efforts of Valentine, under whip and spur, wei unable to deprive him. Thc game old chestnut, suited exactly « to distance and weight, carno home in splendid style, and for th socond timo put the Wagga Town Plate to his crodit ; Valentin a good second. NOVEL RACE, of 50 sovs ; once round the course ; weight for age winner to be sold by auction for 20 sovs immediately after the race, any surplus to go to the funds. Mr J. Iliffe's g g Spanker, aged, 9st 6lb. ... Oysted 1 J. Gormley's b g Camel, aged, Ost 51b .P. M'Alister S. G. Gorman ns b g Dospatch, aged, Ost 61b..M. M'Alister P. J. M'Allster's b g Kaffir, 6 yrs, Ost 21b C. Guy's ch m Josephine, 4 yrs, Sst 71b Despatch went off with the lead, and raced past the stand at a tremendous bat, but the pace was too hot to last, and at the backl of the course the other horses closed up, and a good race home resulted in Spanker winning easily, hands down. After the race the winner was sold to Mr Yeomans for £30. MURRUMBIDGEE ST. LEGER, of 60 sovs, for three-year-olds ; colts 8st 7lb; fillies, 8st 4lb; one mile and a half. Mr J. Iliffe's Snowdrift, 3yrs, 8st 4lb....Yeomans..... 1 P. J. M'Allster's br h Yattendon, 8st 7lb... Stone .... 2 This race may be very easily described. Snowdrift took the lead from the start, was never asked to race, and won as she pleased. HACK HACK, of 15 sovs, for all hooks, carrying Ost : once ronni the oourse, heats ; winner to bo sold by auction immediate!] ofter tho race for 20 sovs, any surplus to gb to tbs funds. I Mr M. H. Devlin's b g Dusk, Dst .Yeomans '. J. Gormloy's b g Camel, aged, Ost.P. M'Alister ! S. G. Gorman ns b g Dospatch, Ost .-.M; M'Alister t FLYINO HANDICAP, of 60 sovs ; three-quarters of a mlle. ' I Mr J. Mitchel's b m Flcur-do-Lls, aged, Sst 121b.Coffey 1 R. Stewart's b g Easy John, aged, 7st 21b.Griffiths ! H. J. Bowler's b f Amazon, 3yrs, Ost 71b.. ........Crawloy Í P. J. M'AllBtei's b g Albury, aged, Sst 121b ' j S, G. Gorman ns b g Despatch, aged, 7st 21b ?'?'?'{ C. BJggoU's ch m Maid of Morpeth, 6 yrs. Cet 121b M. A Devlin's b g Tho Ghost, 0 yrs, Cst 121b I Seven horses faced tho starter. Despatch again went off with the lead, but was soon pumped out, and gave way. to Easy John and tho favourite, between whom a capital race ensued, the filly finally winning, with the horse close up, and Amazon a good third. . i SECOND DAY. I The atlemlanco was again very good, the ladles especially mus- tering in great force, and giving the grand stand quite n gah> appearance. Thc racing showod no falling off from tho excellence of the previous day, and in some respects there was a decided improvement. For the Grand Stand Handicap five came to the 1 post. The favourites were Valentino and Snowdrift the heavy extra weight on Castonca being rightly supposed to reduce his chance to a minimum, and nono of thc others being thought good enough. The flog fell to an cicollent Btart, and as tho horses passed thc stand at a slashing paco it was evident the race would bo a fast ono. Flour-dc-Lls lcd for somo distance, with Amateur second, but on thc far sido of tho course tho other horses closed up, and the favourites carno to tho front. Here Castonca inado his effort, but tho weight waa too much for him, and ho waa unablo to got up. Tho finish between Snowdrift and Valentine was ono of thc finest of the meeting, but tho groy maro had too . much foot for Mr Bowler's horse, and beat him after a game strug ' gio by n length. The Hurdle Race, which resulted in a victory for Cleaver, was unanimously declared tho host race of tho kind ever run hero. All tho horsos took their fences Uko birds, thc winner being especially remarkable for thc perfect case and beauty of ilia stylo of jumping. Ho was closoly pressed by T. R., both banes frequently taking their jumps together, and tho best race of thc meeting terminated with a splendid finish between tho pair, Clover by dint of groat dash of foot, beating his plucky opponent by a length. The rest of tho programme was gone through rather quietly. Thc Squatters' Purse was a gift to Valontlno, and tho Tumut horse, Sparrowhawk, justified the confidence of his friends by running off with tho l'rinco of Wales Stakes in splto of Ycornnns's cxcrtlonson the epcedySpankertoprevent him. For thc Forced Handicap, tho weights for which, by thc way, scorned to five anything but general satisfaction, nothing would go down I but Valentino. The result was another instance of tho glorious uncertainty of tho turf, for after a smart race from tho start, near thc turn for homo, Hpankcr got his nose In front, and, in spite of nil that Valentino nnd Sparrowhawk could do, held his advantage to tho close, and won by half a length. A hack race, well taken by Mr Macnlistcr's Kallir, against a molly field of eight, concluded tho meeting, which, though inferior to that of last year, both in number of races anti thc quality of the horses engaged, was neverthe- less of considerable local interest, and passod off wtth the most perfect success. Thc following arc thc particulars of the running : GRAND STAN» HANDICAP, of 100 sors, ono mlle and a half; Mr J. Iliffe's g f Snowdrift, 3 yrs, 7st41b.Sullivan 1 H. G. Bowler's b g Valentino, 4 yrs, 8st 31b .Yeomans 2 J, Mitchell's b m Flour-de-lis, aged. Est 81b .i.CofJy 3 P. J. M'Alister's o ir Castonea, agod, 7it 121b 13, a. Osrmsn ns g g AmUour, i yrs, 7il 611) The horses got away on fair terms, and esme past tho stand at \ great pace. Fleur-de-lis, closely waited on by Amateur, In front, Snowdrift, Valentine, und Castonca all together. This order was preserved half round the course, when Snowdrift and Valentine went to tho front, and Castonca mada an elfort to follow their Bxample, but the weight telling, thc chesnut was unable to go the Cace, and foll back. At tho turn for home, Snowdrift had the sad, with Valentino on her qusrter, and a splendid race home ensued between tho pair, Yeomans plying whip and spur, but unable to collar tho marc, who won, without a touch, by half a length. Time, 2min 40scc. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE of 60 sovs ; ten leaps, about four feet high ; twice round tho course and a distance. Mr W. Sullivan's b g Cleaver, aged, list.Sullivan 1 V. J. M'Alistorrs b g Tit, aged, Ost._.Bonner 2 E. Emsloy's bile m Dora, aged, lost 121b .D. Bous 8 W. N. Waller's b g Gay Lad, aged, lOst 41b SQUATTERS' PURSE of CO sovs; weight for age; two "miles; the winner to bo sold by auction immediately after the race at the upset price of 100 sors ; any surplus to go to the funds. Mr U. G. Bowler's b g Valentine, 4 yrs. Sst 01b .. ..".Yeomans 1 P. J. M'Alister's h g Albury, aged, Dst 01b.Stono 2 S. G. Gorman's ch g Chancellor, aged, Dst 01b .M.MoAUster 3 Valentine went off with tho lead, was never caught, and won a very slow race with easo. PRINCE or WALES SELLINO STAKES of 60 sovs ; one mile and threeiquarters ; weight for age; winner to be sold by auction immediately after the roco for 00 sovs, but if entered to be sold for SO sovs, allowed '71b ; It to bo sold for 40 sovs, allowed 141b ; If for for 30 sovs, Silt) ; if for 20 sovs, 281b allowed. No further allowance to bo made. Any surplus above tho price at which tho horse ls entered to go to the funds. Mr C. Guy's b g Sparrowhawk, aged, Sst 01b, £40 .Lorkin 1 J. Hide's g g Spanker, aged, 8st 21b, £30 .Yeomans 2 P. J. M'AUster's U g Knfflr, 6 yrs, 7st 41b, £20_Pollock 3 S. G. Gorman ns b g Despatch, aged, £20 E. Stewart's b g Easy John, aged, 7st 01b, £20 Despatch led past the stand to the far side of tho course, when he fell back beaten, and tho Tumut horse went to the front, and ot onco took a long lead. Ycomons, on Spanker, sot down to catch him, but lt was no use. Sparrowhawk held his own, and won, hands down, hy a couple of lengths. He was afterwards sold to Mr P. J. M'Alister for £70. FOBCED HANDICAP of 30 sovs, with a sweep of 5 per cent, from all previous winnings added : for all winners during the meet ; optional to the winners of the Trial Stakes, Hack Boee, and Hur- dle Bace, and also to the losers, tho latter paying entrance : one milo and a half. Mr J. Iliffe's g g Spanker, aged, 7st Alb.Sullivan 1 H. G. Bowler's b g Valentine, 4 yrs Sst 31b.Yeomans 2 C. Guy's bg Sparrowhawk, aged, Sst 121b.Stone 3 S. G.Gorman's ch g Chancellor, aged, 7st 41b S. G. Gorman ns g g Amateur, 4 yrs For tho Forced Handicap there wera only five starter. The race was supposed to bo a moral for Valentine, but half-way from home Spanker went to the front, and in spite of the efforts of tho bay, won a fast race by a length ; Valentino, second, and Sparrow- hawk a good third. HURRY SCURHY, of 10 sovs; once round the course ; catch weights post entrance. Mr P. J. M'Allsters's Kaffir...... 1 J. Iliffe's Dusk. 2 H. MoxVam ns Loy Yang A. A Devlin's Favourite , O. Cox's Tomahawk (late Glaucus) A. J. Beveridge'» Stay lace R. B. Stewart's Banker C. Blggall'a Mold of Morpeth E. Emsley's Shadow -Advertiser. 