TUBE GOSSIP. By Playboy. What is to win the Copt that's the idea which is bothering the brains of agreat many at present All those who have a soul above buttons, eat; drink, and sleep upon the thought of it Every pound that cut be spared is now put on the Cup. In all parts of the country^ sober, hard-working men are putting then savings by to visit Melbourne to seethe Cup. Mamma is pestered by Jemima, Jane, and Annie, for all want to go and see the great race. In fact the Cup is in every bodye jnonth. Wherever you go.youaremetwith "well, what do you think now?" " I wish you could tell me what's going to win." Sweeps at the Garrick's Head, sweeps at Goyders, sweeps at all the publics of sporting notoriety, are nightly drawn, and everybody has got- the winner. Hundreds get out of their beds before day light to go to the training-ground to try and fathom the mystery of the Gup. Castles in the air are built on the strength of pulling off Coker'8 last mixture, " 7S0 to I, if you are only lucky enough." The leviathan in doubles isrushedfor his 100s'to L Theibuaybeesatthe Comer gather honey every day, and when the Cup is over it will be,," who would have thought it?" All the other races sink into utter insignificance as compared to the great event. It is said that the Derby is a foregone con clusion, and that Mr. Fisher has the cheque in his pocket. We bave not long to wait to .see if this be true or not, but there is nearly a pweek yet of hopes and fears before we can know what we shall know on the Thurs day afternoon. The anxiety about the tidal wave or the .flood was a mere drop in a bucket compared to that which exists over the southern hemisphere as to the re sult of this Cup. Horses all the way from New Zealand, with enough of money at their backs to buy half the pahs in the Maori country, are sent to wrest the coveted prize from us, and should Manuka put his noBein first, Captain John M'Leanhasaspecial retainer for the Alhambra to convey the "shiners." Then there are the plucky Tas manions, with their ever "tryana try again" Strop and several others all in the fray, and should Mr. Field's star twinkle on this occasion, won't there be rejoicing in the tight little island ? A bonfire will burn on the top of Mount Wellington, and the salmon will leap for joy in the Derwent. South Australia Euts her tnut in a Lapdog. Old Japp's right and has not yet forgot its cunning, for the poodle is in rare condition, and can move like a steam-engine, but I am afraid the Adelaide people most "wait a little longer." All the strength of New South Wales is put forth to keep up her prestige. There is the lucky Mr. Tait with Traverton, who could catch any number of swallows when training at Rand wick, and whose former owner thought him such a good thing as to place a responsibility of £10,000 on his back, and to keep his reputa tion intact until be sold him. There was Detective too, but be found his match in the "Peeper," who "blew the gaff" when he detected tbe imposture. We have also My. Dee with the flying Barbelle and more ancient Phoebe, the handsome Partisan with all the bloodlike prettiness of his grandsire, and the leggy Misty Morn. Tbe stable, after all, must piit their trust in "f ould mear," for if all stories are true, friend "Pegasus" of Sydney Sell won't have the pleasure of seeing his favourite ridden' according to his orders; he may, however, have got ureal "leg" at last to lament over. There is also the faint-hearted Sir Jobn amongst us, arrived by the City of Adelaide, last Tuesday. They say he is in tip. top form; he bnoe did « good thing at Homebusb, perhaps he may do it again; his owner deserves all he can win. Although last, not least, we have: Mr. Wiuch and his great don Circassian, in the full blush of his Metro ' politian honours, all the way from Newcastle. Will he etart at even money against the field ? Its an awfu' responsibility ; fotTacing is a very "precautious''game. His friends say be can polishoff Glencoe at weight for agb ;,ri he can, the Cupia all over but shouting. We shall perhaps see on Saturday, hut I give Mr. Winch more credit thata to think of Such a thing. I bave.' and-although ! binocular, 1 have ness that was all bver the town last week. There are' some olever people in tlilA world who are ahrays finding out mares' nests. There was alto 'a cation board thi boat at Sydney that caught a mouse under one of his feet. The startlingintelligence did not come by telegraph this taine.1 By the bye, I- under stand that tba gentlemen who manipulate the wiresin Market-square are going to be hauled over the coals for letting the cat but of the bag US tt> the result of the Metrop. Quite right' tod."; It's mot the first time this little game has been played. I see that " Pegasus" was quite astonished at my turf morality. I can afford to laugh. Just to iltinlr a# " Daassms'I katMM Aa^Anioliail af Oliv. think of " Pegasus"being astonished atang thing. Although I have no great faith touting, and less faith in any ofour scrubbers doing the deed inthe Melbourne Civ, I could not Apt my eyes the other momipg to,,the, really magnificent form Sheet Anchor dis played in travelling twioe round; he 'goes better every time I see him. The only tear now is that his sanguine owner may overdo the dose. He is a most astonishing little tiger; what a pity he is not a trifle Inner. There is another horse that has quite taken my fancy, and althopgh he is from the, dehateable land oh the other side oftbue border, we may look upon him as "one of ours "—I. mean Australian. He' puts me in mind of Day and Martin, only more evenly made, and more bloodlike. The polisher was not a bad sort before be got stiUy, and X am inclined to look upon his step-brother with considerable respect. There are few horses who go so nimbly or so lightly, especially for j a big one, as Shop, and if Hayhes, pr rather his ghost, don't get him into a- plaoe, blame me! The New Zealanders now "do" the ] walking of a morning, and the -galloping in the afternoon, bat as I am generally par ticularly busy " doing" the block at the same time, I have not, until Monday last, seen j them go. However, the report from the ever-watchful ditch individual is favourable. , On Monday they went on the fam- Mminini did not please me. He does not go fast, enough: not but what he can, but he does i not put his forelegs out fur enough. Peeress' is a bold, dashing goer, and Misfortune is not j a bad one of her kind. All Mr. Fisher's i horses are performing strong work, and are going well. To see Charon and Antelope at < it for three or four miles is quite exhilarating. , I shall certainly present " Pegasus" with the i pair of spectacles my grandmother bequeathed; me tbe next time the colt goes to Sydney.. Traverton can settle Poison easy enough in I their gallops, but few like his way of going. ! Detective Acmes better than he did after hu ' arrival, but he is a long way from being a i great colt. I should like to see him win the j Maiden Plate, however, for it's the only I chance X see for Mr. Tait to pull off anything i at the meeting unless it he the Darling Stakes with Warwick, and I don't think that so good and faithful a servant ought to be parted with in that way. Phoebe andBarhelle had a slow canter on the tan on Monday, to suit the latter, who would have been much better at home. Partisan and Misty Morn cure both C" ig well. The Monk has a good style of nding over the ground, hut his condition is not qnite up to the mark. Warrior is yet rather seedy looking; they have not diss tressed him with any fast work, and he is improving every day; he and little Blondin went a good gallop the beginning of last week. Carter is a real early bird with his two horses, but there is another early bird that chirrups aloft, which catches the worm as well as he. Glenooe is in great buckle, and never thinks of stopping, Ineversaw him look better. Coeur-de-leon has much improved by galloping with him, but the report of his being able to beat the old "un," which was going the rounds a short time back, must be taken cum grano. None of Lang's string please me except Norma: I know her to be game and constant, but she is a mere hand ful. Melancholy Jaques, L. L., the Fair Ellen filly, and Bismarck have been doing good work. On Monday morning it was bra work, for, led by L. L., the three-year-old, wbo was improving fast, and going like a bouse on fire, broke down, and I am Sorry to say has cooked his goose, for this meeting at all events. The horses at Caulfield and in Albert park are all working into condition. Dr.' Patterson has not a bad little animal in the Morgiana colt, but there is too little of him to carry any weight. Palmers ton looks stont, but he goes in excellent form, and is as hard as nails; he ought to race well under welter weights. I am not so favourably im pressed with his sister; I don't like Prator. Phosphorus is in good condition, but I think he had a gallop too many the other morning. Robison has sent Freetrader over to Fleming ton, and the way he went there on Monday last did not raise him mu A in the estimation of tbe cognoscenti with the Argus eyes. Mr. Keighran's string are sometimes to be seen at Carufield, and sometimes in the Park, and other times on the Brighton racecourse. Changes of scene and air are highly conducive to good health, but very annoying to touts. Lamplighter goes very gingerly. Kestrel improves every day, but she looks as if she were not over fond of her oats. I think her a good filly, for she is a taking-looking customer. Xf she were to win the Derby, it would be another Illumination come to judgment on the detractors of poor old Warhawk. He was " poor indeed" at the last show, but I suppose that poverty is a crime with some people, for he got more kicks than halfpence from those wbo ought to know better. Coquette looks first-rate, to does Sir Walter, and such a pair are good enough to try any three-year-old with. Mr. Cleeland will have only one representative this meeting,'in old Barwon; he is a real evergreen, and is as jolly as a sandboy, and can kick a spider off the ceiling of bis box; be never was better, and 6st. 101b. might bring him nearer the front than most people imagine. I have abstained from giving a decided tip, as I don't think it comes within my province to do so; besides, I notice if you do make a correct pick you get no thanks for it, but if you give a wrong one, woe betide you. However, I bad a dream the other night, the purport of which I don't mind telling. I dreamt that Charon won the Derby, Ciicassian the Cup, and Reindeer the Steeplechase. The fast gallops are now all over with those who are to take part in Saturday's proceedings, and, owing to the delightful rains we have lately been blest with, tbe ground has been in excellent order for galloping od, and few horses have suffered in their legs. The entries for the Prince of Wales Stakes were far below the promises made Mr. Hitchin for bis Croxton-park meeting on .the 9th of next month. The race has accordingly fallen through, as the conditions were 20 nominations or no race. This result I quite expected for two reasons—the'meeting fol lows too closely on that of the V.R.C., when both horses and men will hardly have had tibe to suffer a recovery from the plethora of racing which they wjdl get there: and owners of horses object to any restrictions in con ditions, and unless the public pay Mr. Hitchin for the stakes, they don't care to race for their own money. I have not yet been informed of what Mr. Hitchin intends to do under the circumstances, but I should advise him. to postpone his meeting until some more favourable, opportunity. The holiday gatherings at Croxton- park have not been that' success which the public imagine or the proprietors deserve. The expense of making the course so complete for equestrian sports has been very great, and I bear that unless Mr. Hitcliin's catering for the amuse ment of the public meets with greater patron , it is probahle.this delightful place of race *- '~-'-B Will be knocked on the head. The objectionable features in the Castle roaine Handicaps having been expunged, and the stewards having declared to leave the adjustment of weights to the public-fcandi cappere, the nominations at lasttock place on Monday, and . I am glad to see that : owners of tenses have so liberally come for ward with their entries, and althongh the ; programme would have been all the better if condensed into one good day, there is little doubt but what the denizens of Castlemaine. will have a happy and successful gathering next month on their coarse on the bank's of the Muckleford Creek. There was a crowded Attendance at Messra. M'Kersie luid Co.'s Bazaar on Monday, the pnblican interest being well represented, and Mr. Bagot had a spirited dale of the gate, booths, &c.;, for the four days of the V.R.C. meeting. The entrance gate brought £283; booths on the hill, £522: do. on the, flat, £218; carriage paddock. fc3510s. Altogether, £1,055 10s., or about one- sixth more than they realised last year. There was a' business transacted at the corner, pride" in doable events, 100 to 2*5 about namf winners of the Hurdle Race and Steepl Dictator and Playboy for the former. Freetrader, Reindeer, Babbler, and Bondo for the latter, being the favourites; 100 to 1 to 5 is the price about the Cup and Steeple chase, according to selection, and 100 to 5-15 Derby and Cup; the shortest odds being laid against Charon and Circassian. For the Hotbam Handicap and Derby * few'bets were made at 100 to 5, Baron, Albany, and Aurora being the pick for the former xaom. The Cop favourite stall remains at 3 to 1; fax Bome cases 100 to 30 is given, and I haveaeetak small amounts of hedging money laid at 4tdf 1\. Manuka has secedeato 300to7, and o» Tuesday evening even 600 to 30 was offered without there being any response. Anchor has risen a point or two, lOOVtolS having been taken; 7 to 1 is now his quota tion, owing to many of the bookmakers, who had taken liberties with the little chesanty now tiring to get back some of their money. He will most probably see 5 tol before tha start. Traverton has again improved to 8 to r taken, bat not freely. The plucky Mr. Melhado has entrusted his man Coquette to win him about £5,000 at 100*8 to 2, and is open to back ha against all ontmdersJ The good reports of Salem Scudder*s oondi tion have brought him up to 100 to 7; and money is scarce against Strop at 100 to 8» Barbelle has fallen from her high estate to 500 to 10, offered, reports of lameness bout the training-ground being the cause. 100 to 5; has been taken freely about Sir John. Qpntafc is much inquired after, and a good many 100's to 2 and 3 have been booked. Australian has many friends at 100 to 4-6, and Kestrel at 100 to 3. For the Derby Charon is now at 4 to 6 against him. Kestrel is second favourite at 5 to 2, with many takers; and Lamplighter may be quoted at 5 1 with few friends. 10 to 1 is taken about De tective by those who are faithful followers of the yellow and black, and no others are men tioned. The subscription-room was open On Monday evening for comparing, but the company preferred Mr. Goyaer's bar wherein, to transact business, and a large sweep Was drawn on the Cup, the horses fetching fair market odds. The room will be open on; Monday evening next for settlement on the Derby day, and on every evening until after the Spring Meeting. Fbidat Evbni*g. There has been no alteration in the Cop betting, Circassian remaining a firm favourite at 3 to L The chief business transacted tbese last two days has been in the HothamHandi cap, for which Baron is freely backed at 3 tol, Albany at 9 to 2, Barwon at 5 to 1, Poison afei 6 to L Phoebe at 7 tol, Aurora at 8 to l,and" Praetor at 10 to L There has been a good business done in the double event—Hotham Handicap and Derby—Charon bong still tha favourite at 6 to 4 on him for the latter race. Partisan was yesterday backed to win a few hundreds at 10 to 1, and 100 was taken about Orlando at 16 to L 