THE DRAW.; ?1I-1 - .- . ;. -' ... ' A Ship on Fire', is the sensational title of the new attraction te the- Duke of ' Edinburgh. ?? Its class is that which the amusing puppyism of Cockneys has stamped as '.'.Transpontine,' or calculated to please audiences on the southern bank of the Thames. We have been bowildered, then amused, and afterwards fatigued by events that have all the impossibilities of Munchausen without his fun, and 'all 'the. incongruities of Jack-and-theBean-Btaik with out its fascination.' An impossible1 Jack Tar who shive'reth his timbers, and- is free and easy with the captain, who hears, sees, reads everything, and. fights; everybody; is a; guar dian; angel to foolish young mids and the terror of rogues — though armed.and ;two to one; a. villain ' baronet, . more conspicuous for idiotic blundering than formidable from his position, and in whose park two useless keepora are ever within earshot of his f' What ho there,' though, of oourse, powerless before the tar aforesaid ; 'a 'sententious poacher; : a garrulous cowardly attorney's clerk, with a recurring phrase of no i porticalar meaning j 'mids who dance perpetual hornpipes and wear unheard-of swords which they can neither draw nor. use properly, yet fight extempore duels;, a heavy father, very credulous and imbeoilej perpetuallj interfering with the ' happiness ol my che:ild ;' girls who make love in evening dresses, a dumb. girl,, a ship said to be scuttled, and discriminating gunpowder that spares the virtuous; papers to which a sort- of, magicil inherent power is attributed alike by , their possessor and by his unquestioning oppo nents ; are not these things in the memory, of every Cobkney who sighs or smiles' at the fame ' and wealth of T.'-'Pt Cooke, :Wieland, and Dacrow. Mr M' Go wan played the tar very well, resisting all temptations to extravagance, and song a good .song with senso and feeling.1 Thje . dumb girl was graceful in descriptive pantomime, i Mrs. M' Go wan, as tli6 mid, showed her usual spirit; and the villain spoke out so candidly and oratorically the details of hisj eccentric career, that we mentally pre ferred him to the spoony baronet. But in Massartic the management possesses a trump card. He has a positive genius]for combining evolutions in the dance, and is equally at home in the hornpipe of the sailor ,: the merry jig of the Irish peasant, the persistent muscularity of the; bounding Scot, the graoeful signifioanoa of the; arch and luring Gaditana; or the jubilant hilarity of the French vigneron. His entry on , the' stage is that of a professor. Grave, Btern, resolute, fraught with that energy and force of character attendant on the bilious tempera ment, Maasartio seems to say, 'No trifling!, The business of Man is now about to.com;, menoe. Hitherto you have seen but the pre lude. Laok here, and look with attention.' Surely this professor 'must be a descendant of that immortal Maitre de' dame en Motiere 'La philosophic est quelque chose, je Vavoiie Mais, Monsieur, la Danse.' ' Oscar Byrne, who died : lately at an advanced age much respected, was the patentee of those elaborate combinations whose complex evolutions appear Hoimpulaive, like a Watteau suddenly endowed awitli life. Massartio,riyals, perhaps surpasses (him;; there is an artistic elegance and finish ! in: every dance he plans. , This theatre has had arid has several good cards— why should -it alwayB lose? The 'Ship on Fire' attracts - few to the pit,, still fewer to the boxes ; b.ut the. crowded gallery overflows with rapturous,, plaudits, oppressive encores, very noisy, demon.; Btrations, and comments more suggestive of. alcoholio refreshment than of pertinency, freshness, or taste. . - . ..? Miss Ada Hart was very well received. Shei haB a ? pretty voice and dances well;1 and seems at home on the stage. -' Our abiding preference of Miss Gougenheim' is not supported by, the majority. Miss' Cleveland at the Royal continues to add to her laurels as an arch and sprightly, comedian. ?, She is (notwithstanding a lew faults) firsfcmite both in tragedy and comedy., , Mr Har wood takes a farewell - benefit before leaving us( for England. We hope he will receive substantial proofs of the esteem and respect he deserves and commands. Many parts has he ' played, not one even so low as mediocrity ; several of a high finish and per fection ; none without some mark of careful study and shrewd mother-wit. He is at once a good low comedian, an energetic expounder of burlesque, entitled to the eternal gratitude of Akhurst, and ? a level deolaimer of Shakspeore from' whom; many might learn. We wish him lasting success and solid advantage. He will bring put (it, is said) some; reoruits from home. One element we sadly want.;, the walking,-, or sitting, or talking gentleman.. Poor Vincent wob our best approaoh (jo this; none have for gotten his Hawkesley, or the dignity that modified his final degradation. But.we, look in vain for that whioh is rather a' grace or a gift than an art or an attainment. ' Hall has a fine voioo, handsome face, and very good figure, but can never extricate himself ' from' melo drama ' arid perverse idolatry of ' jack-boots. Ireland has sense. arid modesty, but lacks repose and coolness. Even Montgomery, excellent in Mildmay, cannot play or even look Evelyn. Steel is a gentleman, and, content with the. reality, is somewhat lazy in the impersppqtion.- In our opinion, he lacks but energy and will, to tako a very high place ; his mental and physical gift3 are considerable. ? Wo want actors who do not require to be told when, military boot3 are required and when they ore laughably out of place. We want a modifica tion of the ' pully-hauly.' stylo of intimacy and zoological caresses. Eliza Vestris placed the drawing room on the stage without overtaxing the upholstorer. Charles Mathews had moved ' .? in good society, which greatly simplifies social ? intercourse. We also hope themnaical element will not be forgotten. A good tenor voice;is a rarity. And. is there nothing else wanted? I fancy there is, and that Mr Har wood knows what it is and may possibly be afelo to get it. Mr Harry Stanley's benefit at the Theatre Eoyal on Wednesday night was a great suc cess. This I am glad to see, as, besides being a most humorous clown, of the Grimaldi school, he is a useful and' intelligent geneiralcomedian.' ?His r:dog Nelson is wondrously trained 'to i simulate Iameuesa, &c;, and took part ia the ? sensational drama of 'Dred.' Mr. Stealey,; in a short speeoh, gratefully acknowledged the tribute paid laim by the presence of so large an .audience. ' j .;,;;/..? ; , - , ,: HOLOFERNES. T. Leman Rede's graceful trifle of '- His First . Champagne', has been revived . at . the Hay market^ where Mias Bateman sustains her reputation as' Leah. ' After D ask' is much talked; about ; also Lord Lytton's' Righttul Heir,' which, must, htivemcrit to smoiounttho prejudioe against ' The Sea Captain.' ';? The Straii'ger' has been burlesqued! We remember a ;song by The. Hook, the burden 'of which was. ' sentimentalibus laorymaj roaram; dressing pigs head a la mode, Germanorumj' but its popularity did not diminish the attractions of Kotzebue's play. Victor Hugo's '.'Les MiserabWi has-been aidapted' by Mr .Hfenry Neville,; with the title of ',The Yellow ; Passport.' 'Tame Cats' is the title of a new comedy; the joint production of Edmund'Yates , and Palgrave Simpson. Emma Stanley is said ' to; be as fresh and genial as ever. ' Miss.Carry Nelson hasbeensuocessfulin Tom. Taylor's 'Nell Gwynrie.' Miss Sara Nelson '.is a favorite at. the Queen's, where she sings Moore's Irish melodies. Miss Carry Nelson, also, in 'Meg's Diversion' has made a hit; and we iriay augur well for three sisters who 1 can please an Irish audience. ' / . -, Miss Marriott has appeared as Hamlet at Sadler's Wells, but had an Ophelia with a provincial accent, painfully out of her element, and with but' a verv limited notion of the words and still less of the musio. Of this play a contemporary sententiously remarks, ' that though one ghost in 'Hamlet' is generally very much like any other, still a good elocu tionist iB always an advantage, even although the speeches are mostly given in asspulobral tone, almost without variation. ;: ; ... Barry Sullivan's Hamlet is much ? applauded , at Bristol.' Charles, Mathews, ' who must be nearly seventy, is delighting crowded audiences in Birmingham with Affable Hawky' and Sir Charles Coldstream. Barry Sullivan has suo ceeaed in the'eharacter of Falstaff. The fat knight ' witn the great pelly doublet' is the. ' cifuel something unpossessed' of many tra gedians. John iKemble died philosophising about it. Henderson ran him hard in every other Shakespere part, till he charmed the towjn asSir John FalBtaff, into which .Black Jack (an Kemblo was nicknamed) could not . fdlbw. Fred. Yates came out in it. : Charles Keiable and Ellistbn both prided themselves on i b.' Bartley played it on his farewell night ; , and Phelps' is never happier or more zealous tha: 1 aB Sir John. . Terr.y, the friend of Scott, also tried it, and to almost every uctor it has bee: 1 an qbjeot of ambition. . .' 1: :.(fl jss'Amy Sedgwick is unwell, arid will, it is f saredj have to retire from exertion for a t'iil ). . ' .''.;. , .-. .? '???.??;..; ' ? ;. . , ' A Mr Charlton, an actor at the ' Britannia,' has written a play called 'The Alchemist of Mp( ena.' In the course of the ' play, one of the characters, produoing a common, wooden pipe from his mediraval pocket, tells his friend thai) he, must retire arid 'ruminate on the past the (present and the future,' and depend upon the aid iof this ' consoler of the brain.' In 6th-r w^ords, he must go and haveaomoke, Befc re he can colleot ' his faculties. After this episode; events rapidly come to a criaiB. 'How. \70uld this play suit the taste ; of Melbourne ? , EDSsini died in November last,, in Paris. The lovers x-f ; the.; Italian school fipd eVery thin j ?' gdod that came from him ; but Italian Gernan, French, -arid English agree that 'Gr illame Tell' is the solid plinth of his fame. 'Sh ,' said an old orchestra mun.quaintly,' there ie 'iot in ' Guillaaine Tell'.' a single bar of bad juris c.' ' A haridsbine fortune, some £5000 a yeai , an affectionate wife, the respect of society, the ;ream of Parisian (art and literature looked up' to him as the Germans did to .Goethe, arid everybody to Humboldt, cheered the last dayf of this versatile and ' laborious aon of Bong .He has left directions, in .his will for the : uture founding of an Academy of [ Music in h s native town of Pesarol ; T ie Metropolitan Theatre at Son FranciBco has or two years enjoyed an increasing popu larit r. ' The Americans,' says the Era, ?? are an 0 jen-pursed people.' ,1 know clever pro feBsii-nal8 now living on a pittance who in three years could realise a retiring' sufficiency. Mr 3harleBPoplo is now the lessee. . Li ,dy t-6n is .the star at Edinburgh, and Julii Mathews at' Glasgow. The first pJays Hen y Bertram and Frariois Osbaldiston ; the second the Grand Duchesa and the Daughter of tl e Regiment. '???).. A new drama by Charles Reade and Tom Taylor, 'Two LpveB arid a Life' is verj high y spoken of. One of its authors hoar, writt an: much that ia, excellent ; the; other no thin( that is bad. , , , , i ?..; 