EXTRAORDINARY APPEARANCES. V . . From the Burrangong Argut.; In these enlightened times, it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance; but the following statement of what has befallen three respectable men resid ing near Young is authentic, and may be re lied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men xeferred to are splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near tho Three-mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw auvvuiuf^ uuuauat news vu vud u«wu&i;££iiu u»g!iv, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled, by: seeing in the bush, near their hut, a white object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary- look - jng object suddenly before their eyes, sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could gel; no reply ; they struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them. one way, and one another. On one occasion they re tired to bed ac the usual hour, on a calm, still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and upon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On look ing out they saw the spectre, but no one' else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this nor the former occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet, quite dumb- founded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly looking animal, somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it . This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but mado no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of its chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired ..the contents direct at the. brute, but tfce Bhot took no effect upon it The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time.. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw. that .a plato which bad been left there was in' motion, but they could not Bee what caused it to be so, although they couldi while looking, distinctly hear 'tho' same, noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plafe was' being .licked by some animal. On. Sunday last these men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in tlie evening, he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down, and,tho contents of thehutbrbujjhjb put aide and' left there.' Two out. pf , ,the.',wre^ men ate well known to ui, and we feet conti dent -that) what we have stated may be relied upon as being the truth. A shepherd' told these men that, 'some time ago, two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards felled a tree on him, and that it was nothing extra ordinary for the murdered man's ghost' to make its appearance. ' 