LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. JAMBS CHURCH. Thc ceremony of l&jringthe; Foundation Ston* of St James'Churoh, by His EicaUeneytbe Governor, took place, on Saturday last, io the presence of aboet two thonsand spectators. His Excellency arrived in town by (pedal train so the previous evening, and Uw delightful weather of the present season led us to anticipate a very large attendants. About one o'clock the sky became overcast, and there ap peared.' erory probability of an immediate storm, so that we have no hesitation in concluding that many persons were kept at home on account of 'the weather.' The procession to the site was formed at St. Lske'sSchwl-rootn, consisting of the Oddfellows, with the banner of the order, sod the children of the Sunday School connected with the Church, numbering about three hundred. As they filed in order they hoisted a profusion of miniature nags and banners, which gave a very charming effect to the view of the procession as seen from the northern and southern ends of Ruthven-strect. On arriving at the ground the children formed a circle around the platform erected in close proximity to the stone, and watted the arrival of His Excellency and the Bishop. A smart shower commenced about this time, which occasioned considerable inconvenience among the ladies and children, but shortly after the time fixed — viz., two o'clock— the Governor and the LordBiahop of Brisbane leftthe Royal Hotel, escorted by the Rev. F. C. Jagg, Bev. E. G. Moberly, Rev. E. B. Neville, and the Churchwardens of St Luke's Church. On His Excellency'* arrival at the plat form the following address from the Clergy and Churchwardens was read by the Bev. F. C. Jagg i— 'To His Excellency Colonel Black*]], Governor and Commander-in-chief of the Colony of Queensland and its Dependencies. ' May it please your Excellency, — ' We, the undersigned minister, churchwardens, and members of the United Church of England and Ireland in Toowoomba, desire to express our loyalty and attachment to Her Gracious Majesty the Queen, and to your Excellency as her representative, on the occasion of your visit to lay the corner stone of a building to be dedicated to the service of God. ' We have requested this favour at the hands of vour Excellency, feeling assured that you not only have at heart the well-being of the colonists, ana that you are always ready to advance the interests of the country over which you preside in secular matters ; but that your Excellency can feel and ap preciate our motives in the furtherance of our Holy Religion, and that you countenance, by your action this day, the duties we owe to God as well as to our country. 'Although this town has been established many years, Divine Service has hitherto been performed in a temporary building, used daily for the educa tion of the young, and it is only now that we have been enabled to commence a permanent building, which we trust may be the means, by the doctrines which shall bj promulgated therein, of turning many a wandering soul to God — to the paths of pleasant ness and peaoe. ' May the prayers which shall be here offered up, embodying as they do the solicitations from on high for blessings upon your Excellency, be heard and efficaciously responded to. And we trust your Ex cellency may enjoy many happy returns of this your natal day, to devote your energies in promoting the prosperity of the colony and the happiness of Her Majesty's subjects committed to your charge. We have, &c.;, F. C Jaoo, Incumbent. E. Lord ) H. Boyle - Churohwardens. J. Little ) His Excellency then read the followiug reply : — 'To the Minister, Churchwardens, and Members of the United Church of England and Ireland, in Toowoomba. ' Reverend Gentlemen and Gentlemen, — 'I thank you heartily for your Address just pre sented, expressingyour continued loyalty and attach ment to Her Gracious Majesty the Queen, and to myself, as her representative, on the occasion of my attending here to lay the first stone of your Church. 'I also .thank you for your expression of confi dence in my desire to advance the well-being of the inhabitants of Queensland, and the general interests of the Colony, not only in secular, but in religious matters, and it always affords me much pleasure to contribute in any way in my power to tue encour agement of the true worship of God and the spread of the Christian Religion. 'I sympathise with you in your praiseworthy efforts to raise a structure which shall be exclusively dedicated to Divine Worship, and rejoice that you will be no longer dependent on a temporary building which is frequently used for secular purposes. 'This day I complete my threescore years, and should it please Providence to allow me to survive for the ton years which will accomplish the allotted ?pan of the life of man, I trust each revolving ?rear may bring me the happy information of your Church being the means of diffusing religion and happiness throughout the district, and again thank you for your kind expressions of good wishes for my future welfare. 'Believe me, &c.;, ' Sam. W. Blackall, ' Governor.' At the conclusion of thiB portion of the ceremony, the choir sang two verses of the 100th Psalm, and the Bishop then oommenocd the special service arranged for the occasion. At the conclusion of the 84th Psalm, the following document was signed by the parties taking part iu the proceedings : — 8t. Jambs' Church, Toowoomba. The Corner Stone of the Church in which this scroll is placed, was in accordance with ancient usage, Solemnly laid in due form, by His Excellenoy Samuel Wenslet Blaceall, Governor of Queensland, In the presenoe of, and assisted by, The Right Rev. Eiiwd. Wyndhah Tofhell, D.D., Lord Bishop of the Diooese, The Clergy, Trustees, and Churchwardens, The Mayor of Toowoomba, Chief Officers of State, Members of both Houses of the Legislature, and of the Civil Servioe, and others. Samuel W. Blackall, Governor E. W. Brisbane, Bishop F. C. Jagg, Incumbent James Taylor, Secretary for Lands Arthur Hodgson, Colonial Secretary . K.O.MoberV» «„_ ' - E. B. Neville J Cto«r #no. tittle) E. Lord - Churchwardens ' .B. O. Sntef, Architect £ GodssU, Builder . R» Ramsay i Members of the Legisla W. H. Groom I tive Assembly J. Wbndaricy, Mayor of Toowoomba A. Gaydon, Mayor of Dravton H. T.faews, Civil Service; The decument, together with a plan of the build Ing, a oopy of the /Sorting Down* UauiU, and a ool lection of ooins, were then placed in a bottle and deposited in a cavity of the atone prepared to receive tt. The lime was then spnad upon the stone by the Governor, and the stone was gradually lowered to its final bad by three successive falls; and after beins placed in Bs proper position, it was tested by SsExoeUency with plumb, rule, sad level, and being found oomct in «vary particular, three succee ?v*biDCka were oven with the maoL and HiaExoel lancy said— 'lathe faith of Jesus Christ we place this COW* (tons, ivjOe name of the Father, and of bVe Son, andTotSw iHnly Ghost. Amen.' The BnaoF tjban. read the conolojing portion of the eervioa, _ and. dates were, placed upon the atone, for fie reception of offerings fa aid of the Binding Fund, tjie efaotr singing 'Christ ta made the aura founda tion.' The bishop subsequently delivered a brief, but stirring address to the children, in which he invited them to Join in the work of building a boose for the worship of God, and suggested that many little works of adornment and other internal fittings might In proviAod by the united oontruni* turns of the scholars at the Sunday school. The total proceeds of the collection amounted to £43. The following is a copy ef the inscription „. graved upon the face of the comer stoue :— In' the uame of The Blessed and undivided Trinity This stone was laid by His Excellency Samvh. WsHsunr Blackall, Governor of Queensland, 1st May, 1889, in dedication of the Church to 8\. James. F. C. Jagg, Incumbent. 