NEWS BY TELEGRAPH. from our correspondent. SYDNEY. Yosterdav. Tho Froetrndo from San Francisco with 350 tons of brendstufls arrived this morning, and has unsottled tho market. A new competitor of tho local Punch was published this morning, tinder, tho titlo of tho Liclor. It is evidently a second edition of tho Ghost, and soems to bo intonded solely as tho organ of Mr. Pork'os and tho P. P. A. The A.M.S. Goolong passed; Twofold Bay .this morning, and may bo expoctod hore at an early hour to-morrow. - Tho wool sales havo been postponed until next weok. Nothing further has transpired regarding tho rumourod retirement of Mr'.' Forstor of tho Ministry.- It is genorully considered that tho roport is unfounded. All tho Ministers nro on- gagod in arranging proposed reductions in thoir departments, butnono of tho particulars have yet been published, except thoso relating to tho Colonial Secretary's office. This information, as indood all othor than can bo supplied by the Premier to tho Empire, appeared first in that journal. Mr. Robertson may bo qnito right in favouring onejournal and ignoring others, but tho oxample is a dangerous one, and may more freely- be followod by his predecessors. It is improbable thnt tho Parliament will bo called togother before October, at soonost. It is stated that a want of confidence motion will tnko the shape of an amondmcnt to tho address in reply to tho speech. Fat cattle and sheep are in fair supply ; prime lots bring last weoks rates. Inforioraro selling at nominal rates.. Retrenchment : Semi-official Statement. — By a memorandum passed on Tuesday last, by the Executive Council, tho Government propose to effect a saving of £36,000 in tho police force. Tho Exocutivo havo also decided to mako cortain . alterations in the doportmout of the Rogistrar- Genoral. In future tho rate of fees allowed to District Registrars of births, deaths, and mar riages are to be continued as at present, up to tho annual nmount of £30. Beyond that tho foes are to bo reduced ono-half; and whore practicable, the office of District Registrar will be thrown upon clerks of Petty Sessions and Police Magis trates. Tho saving offoctod by thoso cliaUgos will .amount to about £000 por year. It is esti mated, thut this alteration, togother with tho re-' ductions which tho Government havo docided to : make in the polico' department, will reliovo tho revenuo of an oxponso of something liko £37,000 por year. — S. M. Herald, 