Msrggn ^btetkcr " This is true liberty, wlion freeborn meni .. Having to adviso tlie public, may spealc freo." .MILTON.' : SATURDAY, FEBKUA11Y 27, 18G9. WE have heard a good deal lately of the venality of the Press. A certain metropolitan journal, independent enough to differ from a certain political celebrity in its estimate of his conduct, and honest enough to say so, has been represented, in the choicest Billings gate, as having degraded its office prostituted its powers to gain the favour of a cliqne. This is Mr. PARKES'S deliberate opinion of the Umpire news paper, expressed in that very sale quarter for such assertions, his place in Parliament. The statement, like, most of the hon. gentloman's state-' ments in connection with the same matter, is entirely unsupported by evidence, and must merely bo taken for what it is worth. If it be a sin to laugh at " ghosts " and denounce im posture, the Umpire has, at least, the excuse of sinning in very respectablo company, and, in any case, can afford to treat with contempt an accusation, the truth of which it is very improb able that any sane man will believo. The charge is really important only as it reminds us of the advantage of pos sessing a free, fair, and honourable Press, and of the absoluto necessity, where times are troubled and poli ticians unscrupulous, of maintaining that possession. The profession of journalism, whilo it can claim no exemption from tho evil tongues of evil speakers, is as clearly entitled to consideration and rojpect. as any other 'profession de manding, liigb and. special qualifica tions,-exercising^ impo^ wers, and charged, very ofton, with ./ tlio most serious responsibilities. Tfc is no ex cuse for the wholesale abuso of the Press, so;o/ten iuclulge'd in ih»a certain quarter,fito say/ that there/ are cases where tlio qualifications do not exist, -whoro tho.powor .ofithe.pon is abused, aud the responsibility attached, to, tlio direction ot public opinion disregarded. .There is a> black-sheep* in every flock, and, like'all professions, journalism, uo doubt, has its unworthy members. But they-are the exceptions to a general rule of respectability .which has long been the characteristic of British' jour nalism,and which, w© trust, wilMong continue to bo the characteristic of its offshoot in Australia, y :3Iuch, of;-courso, must - depend - upon the1 degree of jealousy with which journalists thcm selvos guard the honour of;.,their pro fession. The blatant libel, of Mr. PAUICES has fallen harmless, because the journal it answered his purpose to defame v, has,. through. many . trials, kisses,'and. temptations, maintained its character as .an honest,; fearless ex ponent of:: what it believed to bo the truth. >It may often 'have been mis taken-we think it 'often has been mistaken-but, unlike its accuser, it has been-honest even in its errors. It is probably to this very virtue that the JL'mpire is indebted for so large a share of Mr. PAUKES'S attentions. . Wo should have had no such eloquent denuncia tion of this " venal paper," if' the paper really had been venal, for the simple reason that the denunciations would never havo been, necessary. Who, in -i Mr. PAUKES'S position, Wfluld :thiuk'.i of setting- to . work;to bully a hostile witness if-it wero JJOS sible to suborn him, or to bribe him into silence :??-.??? To a conscientious journalist, however, it will matter very little whether he is bullied or not, or what particular amount <of ingenuity in falsehood may be displayed in finding motives for his work;' ? M'Ore than any other man, his interest is in the end of his work rather" than in the moans: or rather; less than any^other man can he be said'to have a personal interest in his work, . .Other men are known .labour, as it wero, in the light, with all the incentives of applauding; spectatoi-s and a palpable prize. He is unknown, labours- . obscurely, with' no hope' of personal honour, and .little of personal gain, his very individuality merged in that of his impersonal journal, his only possiblo reward, the:consciousness that he-has. .laboured . for the right.. It is clear :tbat-to a journalist of this order mei'o:< outside criticism 'of; motives -or princijjles. can bo of no possible conso quence. Knowing his, own principles as no one else can know -them,- .believ ing in their soundness, and firm in their; assertion, it can matter nothing to liim though,twenty baffled impostors com bine to'pronounco them the reverse of what they are. 1 ' ' The Australian press is a' good deal exposed, of course, to the PARKES style of criticism; Everywhere, as well as intho Assembly, are to "be found men whoso only idea'of argument is abuse, ! and whose only answer to an ugly truth .is the lie direct., It is greatly to I : the credit of the Press that, as avrulo, ; it has hitherto 'managed toehold its own-with its own legitimate weapons.' : With two opposite examples bofore it, and with, strong inducements to. follow the bad. one, - it lias chosen - the good, and preferred .. wisely, as its' modol, London to .New York.. There are a few exceptions,, but' they . are'as- con temptible in. number'asi'in icharactor, and may safely-be left' to r.fche fate.' that awaits them. Tho- general character of the Press in all.,the colonies is be coming more assimilated to that of the Press of-the. mother country,:which is tho glory of the world.' It must be ! long, of course,* before we. can-'hope to rival hero the brilliant literary talent, : the.knowledge,;andv the genius which ? have made the British Press a power i in -th e state, and shed - such lustre on , tho..literaturer of the ago; but there are some other >respectsi in. which ,we need not bo so utterly distanced by our illustrious guide'." 'If wd"cannot*rival its.talont wo may imitate its virtues its calm spirit of . controversy, its courfcesy-and.dignity,.its scorn of scur rility and personalities, and its firm, unbending honour. The task may be .irksome in some cases, hopeless in others, where long habit in paltry prac tices, and inherent ill-humour may render reform difficult or impossible ; but tho effort must be made by all who desire to perfect in this younger Britain the one true safeguard of liberty. 