A French View of Anglo-Sauia Progress. (From the French of if. Prevcst Paradol..) Twft rival powers, but only ono as to tlic race, language, customs, and laws- England and the United States of Atncrica-arc, with the exception of Europe, dominating (he world. How i* it possible not to roeollcct wo could once have hoped that our race and language would be clioicu by European civilization to invade the remainder of the world 1 Wo had every chance on our side. It was France tthicb, through Canada and Louisiana, began to embrace North America; India seemed to belong to us: and were it not for the mistakes political liberty could have spared to our fore fathers, the language end Mood of France would, in all likelihood, occupy in the world the place, the language and blood that England have Irrevocably conquered : for dbstiny baa spoken, and at least two portions of the globe, America and Oceana, henccforth and forever belong to the Anglo-Saxon race. Moreover, now-a-days, a book written in English is much more widely read than if it had been written in French, and it is with English words that the navigator ia hailed on almost all the acces sible coasts of the eBrtb. However, (bat actual predominance of the AnglO'Saxon race everywhere out of Europe is but a feeble image of what an approaching future has In store for us. According to the most moderate calculation, founded on the increase of the population during the J«st de cennial period, the United States will number more than a hundred millions of inhabitants at the end of the present century, without speak ing of the probable annexation of Mexico, and of the extension of lbs American Bepublic to the Panama Isthmus. It is not the less certain (hat-Oceanabelongs forever to tho Anglo-Saxons of Australia and New Zealand, and ia that part of the world the march of events will also be very rapid. No doubt the discovery of gold greatly con tributed to the rapid increase of the Knglish population in Australia,.but Immigration has not diminithed since the production ol wool has become more important than the produc tion of gold. Agriculture will soon predomi nate, and the plough will, soon convert the soil. Whatever Power (the United States or Aus tralia) may dominate in China, India, and Japan-it may be that England maintains her empire in those regions for a long time, ortbat she abandons it to the young competitors to whom she gave life-our children are not the less assured of seeing the Anglo-Saxon race mistress of Oceana as well as of America, and of the countries of the farthest east that may be dominated, worked or influenced by the possession of the sea. When affairs shall have reached that climax-and it is not too muoh to say that two centuries will suffice for it-will it be possible to deny, from one endiof the globe to the other, that the world is Anglo-Saxon?1 Neither Bussia nor United Germany, sop posing they should attain the highest fortune, o&n; pretend to impede that current of things nor prevent the solution-relatively near at hnnd-of the long rivalry of Buropean raoes fortlie ultimate colonisation and domination of the universe. The world will not be Rus sian, nor German, nor French, alas I nor Spanish. For it csn be asserted that, since tho last great navigation has given the wliule world to the enterprise of the European races, three nations were tried one after the other by fate to play the first part in the fortune of mankind, by everywhere propagating their tongue and blood by means of durable colo nies, and by transforming, eo to say, the whole world to their own likeness. During the six teenth century it was rational to believe that Spanish civilisation would spread over all the world i but irremediable vices soon dispersed that colonial power, the vestiges of which, (till covering a vast space, tell of its ephe meral grandeur. Then came the tnrn tif France i and Louisiana end Canada have pre served the last remembrance of it. Lastly England came forward; she definatcly accom plished the great work; and England can'dii appearfrom the world without taking her work with her_withont the Anglo-Saxon future of the world being sensibly changed. Thns we can foretel through the imagination the future situatlon of the world, and glance at that picture the main lines of which are. so to. say, already sketched by the band of fate, And if we are inclined seriously to ask ourselves in what time the earth shall have taken that new form, we shall easily perceive that two centnrie» are scarcely necessary to bring it to apogee the Anglo Saxoni grandeur in the -Oceanian region as. well as on the Continent; That greatness once established, no one shall be able to. men ace from without, like Borne, which was sur rounded on every side by a barbarous world. There are no more barbarouB nations, and the race which will be invested with the guidance of mankind will have to fear neither competi tion nor the Appearanceof a new race. If a great political and moral change does not take place in France; i£ our population, obstinately attached to the rural soil, continues to increase with, painful slowness, so long as we remain atationary or decrease, we shall weigh nelatlvely in the same proportion in the Anglo-Saxon world as much as Athens did formerly in.the Boman. Literature, wit, grace, and pleaiure will reside with us;, life, power, and eolid glory elsewbeie. Mr. J. Figglns, M.P., has retired ftom the extensive type founds which has been carried on by hit family, for 78 years, and wbiclt will henceforth be conducted by his son, Mr. James Figglns, jun. Mr. George Oole Baker, J.P:, of Ballydatrd woud, near Bansho, Ooanty Tlpperary, was shot dead in the- morning of Deoember 31. He bad lately served ejection, processes, upon some of his tenants. An American piper it responsible for the fallowing remarkable Incident: (A person of Southern Ohio fell into a.tranoe, was burled in a vault, and stayed there two days, when a bright idea struck him.- He kicked the lid off and got out. The neighbors wliot at him for a ghost, and through much tribulation bo finally got back, into bis own house. 