?1\\) 'l1 1 1 10 1-: D I 'I1. 1 i l - OF I'M i-: ?? v m I'ri.* ' . Sir,-— Your- oorrospondont, Sir. Robt, Lomon, in, your issuo of tho^ 27tii. Klnroli, has thrown down to mo tho gauiitlot ?in dofonao ofOrangeisin andnguinst Fenianistn. This is too wido a range of subjootto bo disoussod within' suoh limits as yon aro likoly to conoodo to a lottor. I shnll, thoro'foro, oonflno my. solf on tho prosont oooasion to Ornngoisin, reserving to 11 futuro communication what- 1 havo to say, rospooting Foninuism. MonnwhUo, in, roforonco to tlio doftinnd with which Mr. Lemon concludes his opistli); viz., that I should 'avow my iiamo, nnd tho number of my lodge umongat tho Fouiana,' I havo only to say that 1 onnnot oomply with oitlior of thoso requirements — tho first bocause I cannot soo that any uaoftil purpose would bo answored thoroby ; tho Booond, boennso I do Uot bolong to a Fenian Lodgo ; 'Foninnisin nsan organisation having ?no moro oxistouoo in tho Australinn colonics tlmn tho Kiama ghost alias Parkos' murdered Fonian. With regard to liis inquiry, what body of, Protestant? I bolong to, lot it su'lico him to know thnt I am hot a mombor of that Cliuroh w-hioh (in tho United Kingdom at loast) supports its ministrations by spoliation ; whioli ovor nnd over nttomptod to foroo itself -111 tho pooplo ofSootlnnd at tho point of tho bayonet ; whioh is tho author oftho diabolical ponal laws ; nnd which in nil its soots, whotliot Pusoyito, Ritualistic,, or Eynngoliiial, manifests a wondoroiis unanimity in diviug its hands/ into othor pooplo's pockots._ Whatovor division 'of sontimont thoro inay be in that Churoli iu tlio 'matter of.doeti iiio, air its sootarios soom agreed 011 ono poiut at loast, viz., to uphold the piobald systom at tho oxpouso ofovoiyj douominatio'u but their own. ' As regards tho Follow ol'T.iuty Collogo, Dubliu, who monaood war on hor Mnjo3ty's govormnont, us a consoquonco ofthoir disestablishing tho established.! Churoh of Ireland, I really cannot recall tho name nt tho prosont momont, but had my Orange opponont road the English papors as carofally as I havo dono, I10 would havo known what is now notorious. Mr, Lemon has tho ofTrontory to ask, ' can Irish, Protestant bring forward ono singlo instance of Oraugemon outraging that law whioh has holpod to mako England ,tho groatost nation in tho world f' Is I10 not awaro that thoy violate tho law periodically by walking in illegal procession, insulting thoir Catholic follow oountrymon, and occasioning, by thoir. illegal displays, riot and bloodshod ? Has he forgotten that Mr. Johuson, iu tho north of Ireland, rooently ondurod a poualty for liis violation oftho law, in his oapacity as a loading mombor of tho institution.; and doos ;lio not know that tho Grange-' mon Woro only dotorrod iu Sydnoy from similar illegality, on tho occasion oftho Prince's visit, by au intimation that if thoy did so, fivo hundrod spoeial eonstabloa would bo sworn in. Tho oliargo, that ' tho principles of Grongeism aro worthless and repugnant to common sense, ' I roitorato With this addition, that thoy aro as pernici ous as they are worthless ; nay, more, that'they aro revolutionary iu ..tho worst souso, booauso. thoy are ?react onary, Booking to reBtoro abnsos whioh havo oncrusLod tho constitution, and whoro that sooms hopoloss, endeavouring to rondor a dead loltor all thoc 1 amolirations iu t.ho causo of oivil and religious liborty, which tho wisdom of tho 'Imperial Parlia mout has slowly, painfully, nnd doliboratoly adopted. If, howovor, wo wish to be cortifiod of tho trim priuciploB of Ornngoisin, whoro can wo moro unerringly find jtliom than in tho official ' Obliga tion and Soorot Arfcioloa' (now no longor soorot) of tho order. To thom accordingly I shall resort. Oftho muoh vaunted loyalty of tho Oraugo institu tion we may remark that, liko all rational loyalty, it is constitutional ; it is not a blind devotion to a'., person or dynusty, roekloss of principles. Tho con-', dilion 011 whioh doponds tho Ornngomari's loyalty to tho British Sovereign is that he supports Profostaiit nsoendanoy-, which I nood Bcareoly say is tho vory; convorso ol that religious equality whioli happily pre vails iu thoso colonies, and which Mr. Gladstouo and liis Government nro inoditating to accomplish for Ireland; Should hor Majosty ?givo hor . consor.t to a bill abolishing Protestant n'condnnoy in Iro Inud, what will bocomo of tho loyalty-of Mr. Lomon nnd hia_ Oraugo nssooiatos ? Will they pnt their: loyalty in thoir pookot', or submit with a good gruoo to tlio now ordor of tilings P Porhaps Mr. Lomon - aud liis brothor OutiiBomeii will:iiiform..'us.h6w.,tlio,v'' moan to- extricate thouiBolvos from'tiikfici' ?honiVof' ' tho dilomua. If thoy ailopt' Hie : Toi'inor^ ''course, ? thou thoy aro disloyal ; if tho latter oourso, then thoy ccaso to bo Ornngomen, .1! trust only to bocotn'ol good houost nationalists. If Ihoro woro any donbt' of tlio loyally of Orangemen boiug entirely contiu gont on tho Sovereign's supporting J'rotostout ascondrncy, it would bo removed by tho following soorot article : — 'Wo will boar true allegiance to his Majesty, hia heirs, and successors, so long as ho or- thoy support tho Protestant nscaudntitfy .' Again, iu tho 'General Declaration of tlioObjeols of tho Orango Institution, wo road — ' Thoy |aro oxclusivoiy a Protostant association, nnd, dotosting, as wo do, any intoloraut spirit, wo solomnly plodgo ouraolvoa to each othor that wo will not persecute, injuro, or upbraid any person on account of his ro ligious.opiuions, provided the samo bo not hosi'lo to tlio Stato.' Now, whon wo v rime ml} or that Catholics, and Catholics on'y, aro specially proliibitod from admis sion into tho Orango Institution ; that it is agn-nst Catholics are displayod thoso insulting processions whioh annually disgrnoo tho NorLh of Ireland, onn any ono doubt' for a moment that it' is Catliolios who aro exempted by Ornngomon from toloraneo. Thoy arrivo at a forogono conclusion that tho Cathulio religion is hoatilo to the Stato, ond resorvo to them selves iu ooiisoquonoo tho right to ' ' porsoouto, injuro, nnd upbraid' tho mombors of that porBuusion. Was thoro ovor anything so monstrous ? What'is this exoossivo loyalty to tho Stato but a olauso of, oorlificatos for thoir own excuse, committed in tlio numo aud |ou tho allogod behalf of religion itsolf ? Thoy ooastituto thomsolves the judges who nro to dotermino tho nature of thoir opiuions, and altor wards tho authorities who shall punish tliom. Hore is ouo party with arms iu thoir hnuds who havo only, if thoy wailt to mark out a victim, end dcolaro his religion and principles hostUo to tho S(nto,'aud lo ! thoy uro at liborty by thoir own regulations to porsoouto him 1 1 Aud .yot wo aro told by Mr. Lomon that'tho privilege of an Orangemnn'ts that of a truo ChriBtinn, ' ono thatToars God and osohows ovil.' To my apprehension thoro is muoli moro of tho foul fiend than of tho Christian in somo;.and 1 thoso tho koystono principles of Orangoism. What thon, I ask, is tho mission of Orangoism in thoso colonies, whoro (uuliko tho United Kingdom) religious equality prevails P Obviously — siuoo it cannot undo tho past repeal, tho glorious Aot' of Gatholio Emancipation — to-rondor that Act as far as practicable a doad lottor, by proscribing tho wliolo Gatholio population, uudor tho protouco of thoir boing necossarily by thoir religiou hostilo to tho Stato. Suoh being tho plain uuvaraishod fact of tho oaso, I uuhositutiugly donounco Orangoism as an unconstitutional traitorous conspiracy ngaiusb tho oivil aud roligiouB libortios of thoir Catholio follow-'. couutrymon. In ono word the Oraugo bouy are on I aggregation of countor revolutionists, who but for' tho couutor calling nnd good sonso of tho gonoral publio and thoir own insiguifioanoo, numoriqally; morally, and ?intellectually, would wrap tho whole British Empire in'tlio flames ef oivil war. AN IIUSU PROTESTANT, AND ONCE AN ?ORANGEMAN. 