? ..' ? ....??? &o; ? -i -THE OLD HOUSE IN THE f QUARRY. ' - CHRISTMAS STORY. , ? . Chapter iV.-^-CContinued.) ;... iff Why, I?ve got Miss Fairlie, Julian :, she's- ever so much better than Miss Skinner, nasty old cross thing, and Miss Eairlie's a lady all over ; and,; Julian,' said little Charlotte, laying hold of Julian's coat, aind lugging him down to the level of her whisper, 'she's so pretty besides, tremendously pretty, and gives me things' ...r-Ah, you rogue, Charlotte; youve been playing your eld tricks, I see. Well, get away ; I want to change my things- .Let me have something to eat, dear old mother ; I've tasted nothing but the cold leg of a veteran fowl since break ia^t. Why, what's th e matter, mother?' said Julian, abandoning his joyous tone dLirectly, and ~ shaking ... little Charlotte, from him like a kitten. 'You are not well; let me ring!' ' ' No, dear boy,' said his mother. ' I'm quite well, quite well ; only your sudden arrival upset me a little, and—' . ' I know,' said the impetuous Julian. a- I'll be off and change.; and it's just like me to come bolting into your room with out warning, and frightening you out of your wits. Get away, Charlotte; go to ? Miss Fairlie, and tell her, from Mr. Julian Fenwick, to keep you in better order while Em here.'.' . . - 'No easy task, Julian,' said the doctor, now entering, and grasping his young friend's hand warmly. 'You must give Charlotte some grace for at loast a week to come. Well, Julian, you're looking well, and I was going to say handsome; but I suppose it's only your bloom. 'I can't stop just now,' said Julian. 'I must get my portmanteau open, and frat on another coat ; so good- by till 'I re appear with the supper ;' and Julian fled from the room, hotly pursued by the audacious Charlotte. A summary check was, however, in store for her ; for as pursuer and pursued rounded a corner of the staircase, Julian plumped into the arms of a lady, and Charlotte, following up her letreating brother, aided his impetus with her own weight, and the trio became not a little involved. Julian hastily disengaged him self, and holding back the discomfitted Charlotte, he proceeded to apologise for his roughness, and to enquire if he i id hurt the lady. A sweet voice answered him and quieted his fears. 'I'm afraid you must have suffered more in the encounter than myself for you were between two fires ; besides, the wain cot has something to answer for in the matter of the hardness of your reception.' ' That's Miss Fairlie,' promted Charlotte in a loud ''aside.' 'I'm sure it's very kiud of you,' stam mered Julian,' to make so light of so rough a meeting ; and I'm afraid your first im pressions of me will not be favourable, Miss Fairlie V '.'We can always efface first impressions if we take sufficient pains,' said the gover ness sententiously ; ' but I am interrupt ing you. Excuse me. Come with me, Charlotte ;' and, with a gracious bow, the lady swept past, leaving Julian transfixed with astonishment, and not a little annoyed at this unceremonious introduction to Miss fairlie. ' I should like to see her face,' he said to himself ; ' if it at all resembles her voice in Sweetness, she must be beautiful. She has lovely hair, I could see ; and a silk dress r— dear me, a silk dress, with flounces, too,' observed Julian, facing about on the stairs and addressing himself to vacancy. 'Per- haps she — holloa, I'd better run and dress myself. I wonder if she'll come to suppei\ And, lost in thought and expectation, the young man retired to his room to change Ms dress. ' _ , ? I c is a fact worth commemorating, that lie besoweil more than his wonted careful ness upon his costume this evening, prob ably to effa'^e first impressions. ? Returning to- -where we left Mr. Barra clough.: we shall find him speaking earnestly with Lady Fenwick. , {l You must pardon me, Mr. .Barraclough said she, ' for my ' brusquerie' this morn ing : but I had been much annoyed by a letter I had received I believe I told you so much '?.'?' ?'??. ? ,' 'Yes,' said the doctor suggestively; fc you only said so much.' ? 'The matter is a family on^,' contiu ledv Lady Fenwick, not observing 01 not huo-l* ' ing the hint, ' and I liave not vet made up ray mind how to proceed at thi j unnture.' 'Can I be of the least service^ Lady Fenwick,' asked the doctor, 'in helping you to unravel?' ; ,, , ^Unravel, Mr. Barraclough!' said my. lady. 'Do you anticipate a mystery,::,. thenF ??'? ? ;?? :-;,??'?? ' -:1f The doctor stammered a few words of apologetic denial, but remembering that in truth he had his suspicions,,^ added. ? 'Why, in fact, Lady Fenwick, I was so surprised at this morning's event, and s jib-' sequently by observing a person quitting; this house as your son entered it, that X didn't—' :-?: «' Did you see this person's features 1' asked Lady Fenwick anxiously. ' No,' said the doctor ; f* but I thought at the time that he didn't desire to be seen and of course I—' : '?« Naturally suspected something amiss Mr. Barraclough, you know my opinion of you. You know that if I were in any dim* culty where your advice or assistance could be profitably' used, I should not hesitate to take advantage of them ; but in this case, seek to know no more than your eyes have already shown to you. I cannot take even your confidence .' in, -this matter. LjatjjF%s perhaps, you shall know more, and .then you will see the wisdom of my keeping silence. Therefore, leave this subject ; it is most painful tome.' , And Lady Fenwick extended her hand to the doctor, who, though unsatisfied, was bound to continue the conversation no longer. . ' So you and Miss Fairlie seem tohave managed a brisk introduction to each other Julian ?' laughed Lady Fenwick, at supper. « Yes ,' said Julian, blushing. ' I told Miss Fairlie she must have been impressed — ' and he hesitated. ' I also remarked at the time,' said the governess, smiling, that the abject most impressed was the wainscot.' ' Well, as neither were hurt, you had better make friends, and eat your supper. Julian, give Miss Fairlie some wine .' Chapter V. '.' Julian's dream. ; ; The return of Julian Fen wick was al ways a signal for increased ^cheerfulness and festivity at the ,01d Quarry House ; for not only was he of a lively and active temperament, and so of himself likely to give an impetus in the way of change to the necessary monotony of country life, but his pie sant ways and good looking face made him such a favourite with all neigh hours, whether friends or dependents, that when he made his appearance at home at the close of college term, he was pounced upon and made the hero, in the summer time, of many a forest picnic, ramble, or nutting frolic ; in the winter weather, the leader of all revels, and a veritable King of misrule. The curtain rose in our last chapter upon Julian's return from Oxford for the Long Vacation. And as he was but a newly-fledged bird of Alma Mater's brood, and there being no examination in imme diate prospect 'to mar his enjoyment — for that season at least — Julian prepared him self for a complete holiday-time between July and October. . Julian's rencontre with the governess on that eventful July evening had not a little impressed him with her good temper, high bearing, and self-possession. Mary Fairlie had come to Lady Fen wick's without any great references, without peti tion without even application for the situa tion. Lady Fenwick had certainly received a recommendation, with her ; but, as well as the doctor could see, and he generally saw pretty deeply, the whole affair was, as far as the employer was concerned, a leap in the dark. Miss Fairlie was tall, slight, and grace ful, with a pretty little head perched upon a well-moulded neck. Her hair, which was of the lightest shado of brown, was luxuriant and glossy ; her features were small, not exactly perfect, but possessing a piquaut irregularity which was a hundred fold more attractive ; while, her voice was low and gentle. Evidently accustomed to the refinement of cities, her manners and conversation were vastly superior, iu Julian's eyes, to those of the young ladies of the country, whose charms were now fast- disappeai ing from his view. It was remarkable that Julian who ought in the course of a week or so at home to have learned what were Charlotte's hours of study, should continually be enter ing the school room, as it is called in school time. Certainly he never interrupted the lessons for any long time, but, with some hurried excuse, used to leave mistress and pupil owners of the field ; but it was no ticed, and in the quarter Julian wished. It was ^lso peculiar at this time that Julian should expatiate at dinner upon the value of an acquaintance with modern languages, especially German; and it was equally remakable that, Herman was Miss Fairlie's 'speciality.' Auordingly Julian induced her to converse with him, not in class, for Charlotte's pal.ois was grating to his ears, he said, but at evening time, and in the academic groves, as he called them, by the mill-stream and thrbugh the wood. The . circle was narrowing fast. ' Mary Fairlie could not remain insensible to. Julian's too evident attentions; but, being a girl of high principle, she endea voured to laugh away the seriousness of his undisguised admiration, and the rising feeling in her own heart that she herself was falling into the very error she de sired to escape. She avoided Julian now as much as possible. It wanted a fort night to the beginning of the term, and she determined to let the matter die a na tural death, if possible. She clung more to Lady Fenwick's society, who always re ibeived her with marked affection and con sideration, but had no idea that Julian would be captivated at so short a notice. And in truth Julian had concealed his feelings from his mother most adroitly. He felt certain that she, whose belief in him led her to anticipate for him the wildest successes, would look with indigna tion upon his directing his attentions to a nameless girl in a position so beneath him in a worldly point of view. And he felt that this sentiment was most pardonable in her, who had cherished such high views for her only son. He therefore laid as much restraint as he could upon his feelings ; but apparently to no purpose, for after a vain effort poor Julian fell away once more, and left himself each time weaker for the suc ceeding struggle. It was supper-time, just a fortnight be fore Julian's departure for Oxford, and Lady Fenwick, himself, Mary Faiilie, and her charge Charlotte, who was permitted during her brother's stay to sit up to unheard-of hours, were seated round the dining room table. Charlotte was boiste rous, as usual, and Mary had quite enough to do to keep her in the appearance of or der ; but Charlotte's affectionate attacks upon Julian elicited r;o response from him on this occasion, though it was his wont to encourage her- He sat moodily, with his head resting on his hand, and preserved this position and silence so long that his mother was obliged to remark upon it. She spoke to him across the table. ' Julian dear, why are you so silent 1 Are you not well ?' ' Oh, yes,' said Julian, starting up with forced vivacity ; ' perfectly well ; but a little thoughtful, mother.' ' Something new, something new,' sang Charlotte ; ' strange, if true, besides,' she added. 'What are your thoughts, Julian?' said his mother. ' This is the |time,' shouted J Charlotte, ' for an enterprising speculator to invest, a penny. I Hid that sum tor them, Julian, though the hazard is terrific ' '' Nonsense, Charlotte !' said Lady Fen wick. ' What troubles you, Julian V ' A dream,' said Julian slowly. ' A dream !' whispered Charlotte,. pre- tending to be vastly interested ''0 Julian, do tell us. Is it a horrible one, with- precipices, and white ghosts, and things walkiug on tiptoe behind you and leering at you?' ' No' said Julian; 'it was a pleasant one — too pleasant. Do you believe in dreams, Miss Fairlie \'3 ho added, hastily turning to her. , ?; ' I know too little of their philosophy to express an opinion at all ; and I cannot account for the substantiation some of them exhibit,' was the cautious reply. 'Come, Charlotte ; it is time for you to say good night.'; : . ' ?????????.?.? 'r '?Mayn't I bear the dream, ! Mis^ Fairlie ?' pleaded Charlotte.- ( '. ' ' \ ,' : 'I shall not tell it,' aaid/Julianj.and he rose and left the roomV .after,; having! wished, his mother and , Mary? ? ,.!? Grood night.' : ' ? i ? ' /?? ? -.-.i i:;';, _\,;'m; And the disappointed Charlotte' I was walked off to bed. (; ?'. \ ' ; ' ? ' ' '??', j ' '; , : ' ? Julian having occasion ? to return LJ^-;T .? dining-room before he ultimately retiree! ' was surprised to find Miss Fairlie there^ who had left her work and needles on the table during the sudden dispersion of the party, half an hour before.. The meeting was a strange one, and Julian was fairly taken by surprise. . ' : .? Miss Fairlie, with more self-possession, .. collected her work, and*; wishing Julian !' Good evening,' once more attempted tCK: ? pas3 from the- room. '?''. ?(???'?? ?''.' ? ; ? ?' ;;; ; \ /; Julian stayed herV-r:' ,: ' . ' ? ' , .'?'.. Mis.8 Fairlie, why have you avoided: nxe 1 so much of late? You used to, make rna$r, believe my presence wa^ agreable to ypur or at least not distasteful.. Why, do you:1 now shun me?' '..'-? ;,;;,.: . '* lean enter into no explanations no*?,'1*'/ said Mary, with a trembling voice; '^p have acted for the best. I thpught-^t'- 1 feared that-— I cannotVsay what, here, aad V now.'' . .:?'.-; '.'? ' '? . ' ,: , ;??;-??? , y^- ' Miss Fairlie — Mary— hear me !' ? ? A 'I cannot ; I muse not. Your mother^' what would she think? She would be lieve you had demeaned yourself by speak., ' ing thus to the governess.' - y ; ' ''[? 'Do you think me capable of b.aiboriqg.,. such thoughts ?' said Julian: passionately,:! seizing her hand. . . : ; ;. ' No, no ; but I dare not; You hav$'^; been so kind to me, so —oh, leave ro,9,!l leave; I qannot bear this.' ' ; '?.,''?'?' '': . 'Mary, whispered Julian, ^ I toHyoi^ I had a dream; I dreamt you loved me,' — 'that we were side by side for life. ;Oo Mary, is the dream to be true or not I Answer me, my darling girl, whom I havQ V. loved so deeply, so purely,— is my dream' to come true?' . , . ; 'Julian,' whispered Mary, ^ you?,. ! dream is not, prophetic,' , r ! . 'What!' cried Julian ; 'not prophe tic?'- ? ' : . ? ??;. ;? -r ?; ' No ; it was founded' upon a -foregon^f ' conclusion.' , -. ;?'?' ' My darling Mary !' murmured Julian, \ as he folded her to his heart, ' it shall be no dream ; you are mine in heart, as you;, will be mine before the world. My soul is,, ?', bound up in you, and we must be happyi' Ci Ah. Julian, perhaps it is but a dream.' after all.' : ; ; ' 'Then let me never , wake !' crieiji Julian. ? ' .. . /?'..:, ^-- But VI avy broke from him, anddarte^[. , fro en the room. , ? .?.?.;?- Chapter VI. * ,;; Mischief. ... Time has been flying since the evening in the oak room at the Quarry House. The story opened in July ; and this chapteu finds us in December. Christmas is approacliipg ; and at the date when the incidents about to be narrated in this veritable history occurred, thev times were of antique date, when snow used to fall at the dear old Christmas time, when ice and icicles were no sul jects for. astonishment, and hollyberrie.s, mistletoe., and evergreens meant something. Now-a.« days, when winter languishes, and windows are thrown up on the festivities, of the 25th of December, there comes a creeping feeling that the memory of Christmas is dying out. However, we have a duty to perform, and must quit our strictures upon the decaying times, and return to the thread of our narrative, which broke off at the most interesting juncture. 'Julian Fenwicjc had confessed his love for Mary Fairlie, and she; acknowledged it was returned. '' (To be continued.) 'Tight boots,' says Josh Billings, 'air a luxury, inasmuch as they *kauze a feller to forgej; all his other miseries. ' . A Western editor, in response to a subscriber who grumbles that his paper was intolerably damp, says, 'that is because there is so much due on it.' ' Did you ever know such a mechanical ijeuius as my son ?' said an old lady. ' He has made a fiddle all out of his own head, and he has wooi enough for another.' If we are to believe the news by telegraph from Florence, matters are assuming a graye as» peut earlier than was anticipated. Twenty- five M.izzinians were arrested comin» from the Rora« a^ua. In cousequence of this the patrols in and, around Rome are strengthened, and every effort is being made to have the papal army in read, iness. 'John,' said a stingy old fellow to his hired man as he was taking dinner, 'do you know . how many pancakes you have eaten ?' ' No, c(o you?' 'Yes, ycu have ea'en fourteen.' 1 '' Well,' said John, ' you count. and I'll eat.' ' ' It wasu't such a bad notion on the part of % I glover who hung up in his glove shop the follow* ing placard :— ' Ten thousand hands wanted 'immediately I' And underueath it was writteitt. iu very small characters, 'to buy my. gl -ves-«-j ;Ue best quality.' : ' .? ?':.?' , ? ' '.. ? .'' '. ?'?'::.. ?.::??[-! :'..... :i J riso 