AN EVENING CABINET. [Reported in shorthand exclusively for this paper, the same being the only paper in the world that has gone to this expense and trouble. I Stone-A Snuggery in the Parliament House. lime, o.-w p.m. The members of the Cabinet discovered in various attitudes of impatience. Chief Secretary- -When will they serve the dinner? I'm quite faint Confound them! This delay would vex a Eaint. Commissioner of Public Wurks-Va vexed I own ; but you might make a fuss With greater cause if you'd been slanged like us. Attorney-General- And if. like us, you'd been outvoted twice, You might liecuss-ing there for something nice. A sure fatiguer is a hard debate. Ch. Sec— Well. I'm fat, eager, and yet doomed to wait. Commissioner of Croicn Lands— It can't be helped 1 Treasurer— Suppose, while Hines delays, I mentioned all the items of my Ways And Means, to which we've not as yet agreed. Here are the papers. Ch. Sec— If you do, I'm dee'd. Com. P. TP.-What dreadful language ! Chief, you'll surely iue it If you swear so. Ch. Sec. — I did'nt go to do it But surely it's enough to make one ban To talk of figures to a fasting man. Att. Gen.— Although a faster, you're a slower coach Than e'er I had to do with. Treas.— Let me broach— CkSec.-A bottle? Treas.— No, a topic. Ch. Sec— There's but one Topic I call important— that's the bone We'll have to pick with Hinea for this delay ; And picking bones just now's quite in my way. Treas.— Have patience; fasting's good for the digestion. Let's talk of business. There can't be a question Until we hear of copper, wool, and tallow riz, We must reduce the Civil Service salaries; 30 let us settle who's to be cut down. Ch. Sec-Cut down the lot; and if they're all done brown, It's more than dinner seems to be. Att.-Gen.— I know A'e must do something of the kind, although Twill ruin half the service. Ch. Sec— Well, who'll care? Com. P. W.— To cut them down all round seems fair and square. Com. C. L.— That's what I think. In every case retrench ! Prom humble bailiff to the Local Bench, Prom head official to the smallest gent Knock off from each, say twenty-five per cent. Att.-Gen.—U we dock off from every screw some tin, Twill show how close our screwlin-y has been, for tho' we see cadets by bushels fall, We cannot seek a debt to pay them alL All— Agreed. Treas.— That is the system that I venture Un recomincndiug as a stanch retrenchcr. [Dinner is announced. CL Sec (jumping up)— A stanch retrencher, eh! I'll bee a caii £ prove myself the atancher trencher-man. \ Exeunt omnc3 I After a short interval the scene changes to the dining-room, where the greatest activity prevails. Desultory snatches of conversation are heard above the din of the dinner. Att. Gen. (aside to Treasurer)— Yes, Colton's useful, but he has on? fault ; His speeches are too dull and have no — Ch. Sec (to waiter)- Salt ! Com. C. L. (aside to Com. P. W.)— 'Twos strang ways lost that vote, for though to win eager. He too soon showed his temper; and that's— Ch. Sec. (to waiter)— Vinegar! Att. Gen. (aside to Treasurer)— Bagot's a muff; he is too quickly flustered. D' you mind the day the Parliament was— Ch. Sec. (to waiter)— Mustard! Att. Gen.— I'd take that cabbage for a Chief as soon ; I say, whene'er I see him— Waiter (to Chief Secretary)— Here's a spoon ! Ch. Sec— This mutton's splendid! Colton, try the saddle. Com. P. IF.— No personalities ! Ch. Sec— Pooh ! Fiddle-faddle ! You needn't bridle up; I meant of course, The joint, and not the thing you'd put a horse Ur Coit-on. Pray excuse my chance allusion ; I didn't mean to s'v--up this confusion. Let's have a glass of wine. Champagne ? Com. P. IV.- With pleasure! Treas.— Now let's discuss our measures. C!/i. Sec— The first measure [ shall discuss, my worthy coadjutor, [s a pint o' beer in its congenial pewter. Treas.— I pine-to-U-erelong about our work. Ch. Sec— Take my advice and don't your victuals shirk. ;Drinks- TbatSimmsisgood. (To waiter). Another pint of ale! Here, take the pewter! Att. Gen.— Won't a pint availl You've surely had enough to eat and drink ! Treas.— Look through these computations! CL Sec- Why. d'you think I've finished? Let this pot be your refuter; i'ou may compute, but still I'll say come pewter. Treas.— Well, drink but listen! Ch. Sec— To begin debate You get up early. Better get a-plate And try this trifle. No? Then talk away. Treas.— Well, since we've settled to cut down the pay Of all the Civil servants, high and low— Com. P. IF.— It wasn't settled. Att. Gen.- Yes! Com. P. IF.— But I say, no ! Consider what a hardship it would be. Com. C. L.—To such oppressive acts I can't agree. Ch. Stc— 'Twould be a shame. Poor tlevi!8 ! '1 hey work well, And get but little. Treas.— Then perhaps you'll tell Me how to manage to make both ends meet And show a balance. Com. P. IF. (jocosely)— While you keep your seat You needn't mind your balance. Pass the wine ! Treas.— But how on earth — Ch. Sec— This claret 13 divine ! Treas.— Confound the claret, it absorbs them both. Att. Gen.— I call that a d — claret-ory oath. Let's see your figures. What's this? Half a mil lion Deficient in one year ! Treas.— Well, you're a silly 'un ! That's only fifty thousand. No, five hundred ! Stay ; let me look again. I fear I've blundered. Att. Gen.— The figures aren't quite clear. Treas.— Stop ; that is revenue. This is the paper that I should have given you. Can you make out these pencil figures here? Alt. Gen.— Put 'em in ink, and then your inl-'em's clear. Treas.— Now here you see my system at a glance. Alt. Qen.-l think I've made it out. But your finance Won't Eeyuolds question? Treat.— Let him if he can, Sir ; In my reply he'll find a real jineansicer. AtLGeiL-YfeHwdl Treas.— Kent Hughes will ne'er his duty shirk, Nor laat-enf- Attf-iasm for his work. Com. C. L.— That pun quite stops my breath ! Att. Gen.— It's not, you'll say, The first time that he's fLuog-all-breath away. Trea &-Galbraith! I'm to that name a strong objector; I'd sooner see a ghost than that in-tpectre. Besides this isn't business. Ch. Sec (rousing suddenIy)-Right, old cock! Let's get the business finished. What's o'clock ! Com. C. X.— Time to be off. Att. Gen.- Well, Chief, d'yon understand The Treasurer's figures? Ch. Stc- Admirably planned ! tie can t improve them. Com. C. L.- But I can't make out ™ «U your new taxation is about CA.Sec.-Oh! it's all right iT'J?' L7- The tariff 'twin derange. AtL ffen.-Cavenagh clearly don't liie-AanV-a change. Com. C. L.— Besides, suppose the House it doesn't suit— Att. ff«J.-Then I'll get up-yOtt know I'm pretty cute— Accept whate'er amendments they propose, Ketrace our course, and lead the HouBe by the nose. Treas.— The Attorney-General 's apt at retro gression— % (Aside)-4-(Kn»-Ac- jr«JfraMy makes each session. Com. C. L.—l hope we've done with business now. Att. Gen.- Not quite; there's lots of things we Bhould arrange to-night lere's the new Land BillClauser, Railway leasing, Chose troublesome South ? Easters there's no pleasing, Che Pastoral tenants, maintenance of roads, Nie Volunteers, the Inner Bar — ( Com. C. L.- What loads 'hey put upon us ! Ch. Sec— Is't the work you stare at ? 'm game to tackle it Waiter, some more claret 1 )rno, Borne brandy and water, hot and strong. Com. P. IF.— I vote for no more work. Let's have a song. Att. Gen. (aside to Treasurer)— We may as well; their help will only bore us. (Aloud to Com. P. W.)-Tuen you lead off, and we'll all join the chorus. (Air— From ' Midas.' 1 Com. P. IF.— Our opponents all Shall sins very small When Hughes brings out his Budget Though Reynolds and Glyde And Santo beside, Will factiously try to misjudge it With Strangways to aid, We'll ne'er hz dismayed. Though they kick up a terrible racket. AtL Gcn.-1'll cuff! Treas.— I'll puff! Com. P. IF.— I'll huff! Com. C.L.— I'll rough! All.— And 1 11 warrant we pepper their jacket. Com. P. IF.— To turn us out They are going about And earwigging every member; But the grapes are sour, For we'll still be in power When the session ends next December. To keep them at bay Is our object each day, And the House we can gammon to back it. 4tt.Geji.-ril spite! Treas.— Ill fright! Com. P. IF.— I'll blight! Com. C.L.— I'll fight! All.— Aud I'll warrant we pepper then* jacket Com. P. IP.— Then with three times three Here's to thee and to me. And confusion to all who oppose us; When our measures break down We'll adopt as our own The course the majority Ehows us. 'Tis a capital plan, Deny it who can. Though for principle— we may lack it Alt. Gen.— I'll snare! Treas.— I'll dare! Com. P. W.— I'll scare! Com. C.L.—Vti tear! All.— And I'll warrant we pepper their jacket. (The scene closes 03 the chorus is repeated triumphantly, with the snores of the Chief Secretary for a base accompaniment] 