T«MPKBAKCB MBITIKO -A "meeting of th« society for the suppressing of intemperance wes.held jitter-, day evening, in tho upper room of tho Tempi rnnso I Hall,' JPitt-street. Mr. : Carruthers cxjoupied tbs ehair. He in'd that as tho election* wor" about to tata pince, he hoped every true frlehd bf the cause would tnden vonr to suppress tbe /greatest'ot* all evils-intemper [ aner>, bom« pu Bone, he said, thought'that ¿bey vrere wanted to join thia moiety, for the 'benefit ot them- selves alone. Thia was not the case. There' wete Borne mon' who never touoh drink yet ¡they joined the aooioty for tba purposo of upholding'to other's tho bereflta of temperance,'of whloh beneUts they would have little knowledge un eta they were^members of th« temperance sooiety. Mr. Howitt ga»o,anmeious inn ftiuces of tba wretchedness brought about by the pro tailing evil. He agrch-d with tbe chairman, that this was a lima at which all fi lr rids of/, the timperence OiOfe should be awakv. Mr. Sinclair'gave an amusing recitation, named .' Mary's Ghost;" which elio'tea mach applause. Mr. Armstrong also gave instances ofl misery, crimp, and ignorance brought about by intemperance. He wished all temperance followers td know that Sir Alfred Stephen intended to deliver a publia lecturo on-thia subject, about the 7th or 8th of next month, Tho meetlngv whloh wat composed of about fifty persone, then itr. anted, MXITJKO AT Er. BririBioT'B Sonoot-nooM,-A mee ing of the purishionera' of St/Benedict'e waa held ia the sohool room, Aberorombio-etreet, list night, for the purpose of making arrangement! for the présenta- tion ot an . address aad testimonial to the Rev. T. li Ojrthy, who his bern transferred to St. Mary's Mr. Alderman Williamton presidid. Mr. Outran moved the first resolution, expressive of the regret of the parishioner! of ht, Utaedlot'a at the lots of the reverend gentleman, ind slated tbtt during the five yesrsho had been in Gt. Benediet'a district ho hnd always aotsd in evsry matter, publh or private, in a liberal manner, and ho could o*agratúlate St. Mary's on ! obtaining the services of Father M'Oarthy. Mr. T, M. Slattery féconde d ths motion, whloh wat oarried unanime uily. Mr. Reynolds moved, and Mr. P. Mul oaby seconded a resolution, in effect, that an add ess and tes'imonial be presented to Father M'Oarthy, vrhtah was agreed to. An influential committee was then sppDlnted to rooeivs euliieribere* names to tho testimonial, Tba sum of £80 waa at ont» bloced on the list, and the meeting was adjourned till Sunday evening, after vcipeis. Bourn GURDAOAI,-A corrtepoadtnt writes that the 'weather is beautiful, and 'the crape splendid throughout tho dislriat. Th ero is no sign of rust, and every prospect of n fine harvest REMOVAL OF POST MAC«UUUX ASILUM. - The Macleay Herald understands that the Government have chartered the'Sueannah Cuthbert, st anser/to call st Port Macquarie, on her woy thlt trip frc m Gration, to convey the female portion of the Inraetee of the Fort Macquarie Asylum to Sydney, 