OUR LONDON LETTERS. LONDON, Jan. 15, 1869. The now year opens rather gloomily with us. The iron trade is the only one which shows any sign of briskness or revival. Other branches of manufacturo are depressed, and the cotton trade is so dull that the Lancashire millowners have given notice to all their hands of a general reduction of 10 per cent. in wages. This has created great consterna tion among the operatives, and they are me morialising the masters to work short time instead. Till within the last three or four days the weather has continued singularly' mild and wet. One day last week fires were unbear able, and ladies might be seen fanning them selves. The thermometer stood at 50 0 in the night time. luclh of the country is still under water, and the wheat is growing very rank, but the air is now drier, and happily without severe frost, which in the present state of vegetation would be disastrous. The singular openness of the season has one mer ciful result. The sufferings of the poor are alleviated, and it is very welcome news that tile number of pI),per is inot so great as it thls tiau last year. A numbier tf thmfill I Ichall been aaii?bLid to muigratle lsrig last 1 year frIotl the ealst of London, anll we atre stIll luioo lug to lihat s the only means of per. I manently improving the condition of thle population of that wretched district. i Politics are still in suspense, and the lead big newspapers in the absence of topics of publio inturesbonagorly discuss the indecenoies 1 of the stage, cnid the noxiousness of hair dyes. , We hear rumors now and than of changess and reductions in the Government otllces, c showing that the new brooms are sweeping clean; and othol' signs give promise that the a Mintstry intend to make substantial diminu. a tion in the army and navy estimates. Thie novws of a `nov outbreak of the AMaories in I New Zealand created ait fear that the dispatch of troops to that colony would disturb all the d good intentions of the now Secretary of War; C but it is hoped and intended that the colo. nists shall settle the matter for themselves. The diflioulty LtNankin has also been settled by thue siubl?o id~n of the Chinese Viceroy, } and his cmutpl iado evith 'all the terms re. quirod bli ourlConstil. And just at this junc ture we are ollcially informed that Lord Clarendon has agreed with Mr. Burlinghame, c the American envoy from the Court of Pekin, I tlhit instructions shall be sent out to our ( admirals and diplomatists in China requiring c them to abstain from interference with the i local mandarins till any quarrel which may t have arisQn has boon referred to Pekin and i discussed between our ambassador there and the Chinese Government; also that no hose t tilities of any kind are to be commenced till t sanction has been obtained from Downing. street. What will our traders in China say 1 to these terms I Will they not say that the I Court at'Pekin is unable 'to enforce its coin- i mands in the provinces, and that it will be e impossible to carry on business with the Chinese unless our consuls and admirals have poworat once to enforce the observance of the a treaty stipulations I 'The conference of the " great Powers" on the Greek and Turkish quarrel is now sitting in Paris, but a diltiaulty has arisen becadso thrlrc?resentativo of Greece was not ?imitted to their deliberations on equal terms. He was allowed to be present as a listener, but with out a vote or authoritative voice, and lihe would not be present at all on those terms. The sovesi " powers" wh?o vird parties to the Treaty of Paris cannot allow Greece to reckon heorself one of the "great powers" of Europe, and if the Greek minister will not attend they will go on without him. They will lay down certaisi'principles of international law, and say wherein Greece has offended, and what olie should abstain fronm doing in the future. It is incredible that Greece should persist in defying Turkey in the tooth of the public opinion of Europe unless it has secret en couragement from Russia; but the Greeks are at present in a condition which shuts out prudence and reason, and this morning we read of excitement in Athens, and of prepam. lions for thle King's " taking refuge in Nanplia in ease of certain eventualities." Sevooul Cabinet councils have been held, but nothing has leaked out as to the purposes of the Ministry with reference to the Irish Church. Some of the ablest members of that Chlurch lhave at last broken through the re serve which its leaders hayv hitherto main tained, and declare themselves prepared to .accept the verdict of the elections and the evident resolve of the nation that their Clhurch shall be disestatblished. They call upon their friends not to hoist the "No Surrender" flag and protract a miserable fight, wlhich must end in their defeat, but at once to set about the work of organising the Trish Clhurch anew, and getting a well drawn bill from the Government. The first great point of difficulty of course is, to whom shall the property which will be left with the Church he transferred after the State has ceased to have any relationship with it. The question of what property shall be left to the Church and what resumed by the State will not be so difficult to settle. Archdeacon Stopford urges .his follow Churchmen to be much more carefiul to secure tile perfect liberty of the new Church than its money, and looking on into the future calmly con templates a very desperate expedient, if Protestant Episcopacy should not flourish in Ireland on the voluntary system. They can all emigrato, he says, and found a strong Church somewhere else. Mr. Gladstone will probably follow the Canadian precedent, and pioposo to vest the Church property in diocesan synods, in which the laity shall be fairly represented. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council havoegivpn jeudgment in the great case against the Ritualists, declaring altar lights and kneeling at the consecration illegal, mulcting Mr. IlMackonachie, the clergyman .of St. Alban's, who was defen dant in the puit, in all the costs. The great importance of tboe judgment lay in the declaration of the Judges that thle rubrics must be : literally obeyed, and that evoerythiig hot prescribed in the Prayer Book- -was forbidden to clergy. men of the Establishment. The Ritualists have had two meetings in London to deter. mine' upon their course. The last was open to the publio; andt Archdeacon Doenison pro sided. They resolved to submit to the law, but to preach the doctrine of the Real Presence more distinctly and vigorously than ever-if thlat was toeched and forbidden they gave thie worldl to understand tlhat they would secede. There is a prosecution now pending against Mr. llennett, of Fromo, for advocating this doctrine in a work, hIe has Ipublished. Some of the more ardent spirits were for setting the judgnment altogether at ldeiance, because it was the judgment of a legal anti worhll Coutv, i which did not in volkeo the caid of tihe Holy Ghost, and wais not lit to.govern the Clurch. Tie seubmission will really amount to very little--it will make no pierceptible difference in the Ilitualistic ceremonial. At Mlorpoth church last Sunday morning, when the vicar-a brotlheor of Earl Grey--announced that he should probably submit to tIle judgment but preach the doctrine of the Real Presence more strongly than beLfore, a number of gentlemen shouted " Treason, treason," and left tihe Church. The Ritullists at first talked largely of compelling the Evangelicals to stand " be fore the altar" at the Communion Service, and towcarvestments-in accordance, as they ipretendedl , with the terms of tih judgment,. but ,any in,,ntions'of that sortappear to, hve been abandoned. The flrht of the trials of election petitions. before her Majesty's judges is now proceeding at Windsor, where 'Mr, Rogor Eykyn, theo Liberal member,: isn ged by Colonbl Gardner, the Coideorvhtive candidate, with l)aving gained his seat by bribery 'and' corrup tion. The Judgo (Mr.-Ju'stice Willea) was: received with all the:pomp of an Assize, and. 'its in the Town.-hall, whore the trial pro-? coods just as a case at Niei Prius. There is an array of heavily :efood counsel on either side,, and a great 'iumber 'of witnesses are subpcshned, but the caseo will not occupy fnany days. The Norwich petitions'will-bo heard to.day before Mr. Baron'Martin.;i 1" . *, , The application, for .the 'committal of the' lirectors of the well-known irm of .Overend, Gucney,. &o.;, for a iais.domeanur. is still in - course of hearing before ,the. Lord IMayor., lhoe prosecutor, Dr. Adam.Thom, being a sliareholder idi the Limited ,Company, which was formed to talke di?er the biismness of, the old firm, alloges tha'thereo wa is deliberate nisrepresentatiod ,of,thl state of the, concern, and that the debts transferred to' the new' company' as good were known to bet hopo. lossly bad, ' The evidence is very lengthy;. One accountant who examined the 'books de. bhires that the old firm has been losing half amillion annually for some time' before the' transfer. The matter naturally excites'great' interest in the city. The, now street from the Mansion House to Bl3ackfriars.Bridgo is now being made,,and the Thames embankment is being, planted, wvith.trees. i Althoiugh an immense gap hasb been made in the Strand adjoining Temple Bar for the 'noei Law Oouerts, it is not improbable 'that, after all, they miy be ereacted on the embankment. 'Thdb'iolice are making a vigorous'rai' d upon the night.houses, Judge and Jury Clubs and other immoralities of the Metropolis. 