MR. PUNCH'S BRITISH CLASSICS. THE GHOSTIAD; AN EPIC. (Respectfully Dedicated to H. R. H. Prince Alfred.) BOOK I.—THE ARGUMENT. The Knights of the Ghost having invaded New South Wales, both sides prepare for a mill. Names of the horses and colors of the riders. ARMS! and the men I sing; who, forced by Fate, And howling zealots' unrelenting hate, Against the factious crew themselves arrayed, And sent them howling to the Stygian shade! Who struggled, 'neath the taint of obloquy, With daring hearts, to set their country free, And forced the bigot vultures to take wing— Their names, O Pallas! aid me while I sing. A land there is—not quite unknown to Fame— In Southern climes—and New South Wales its name; Here blatant orators declaim and roar; Indulge in free-fight tussles on the floor, And loudly yell defiance at their foes— Oft in the deadly grip of strife they close; Hurling their Billingsgate and slang from far, Or, with abusive taunts, provoke the war. Here, fierce in arms, Johannes' towers on high, The pride of conquest gleaming in his eye; From Clarence's fair vales he comes to rule The noisy throng, and check the rowdy school. Fosterius upon his leader waits— Horrid in war, and subtle in debates. Bold Sutherland and Samuel march along, Driverius sturdy, Hartius the strong; While up the rear the sage Cumminius brings— A jolly chief, who "Io Bacche" sings; And bold Maclaeius attends the band— A chieftain free, who "fights for his own hand." These heroes swell the patriotic host, The welfare of the colony their boast; Well trained in arms, they poise the glitt'ring lance, And 'gainst the chiefs from Ghostly Land advance. Inspire me, Muse, to sing aright each name Of those who struggled for the country's shame! Who "raised a spirit from the vasty deep," And sought, in misery, the land to steep: First, trebly armed in brass, Parkesius rode; His shield, of calfskin tough, a spectre showed, Beneath, a motto (once it was a Peer's) Writ—"Adsum!" Round his party he careers, Attended by two esquires; loud he cries— "Advance and smite the foe, my trusty spies!" Next, see Martinius in arms appear, Who, when the contest 's doubtful, keepeth clear; He holds aloof till prostrate lies the foe, Then rushes in to deal a final blow; Proud of his golden spurs and knightly trim, He dares each foe to break a lance with him. BOOK II.—ARGUMENT. The leaders on either side address their followers, exhorting them to "go in and win." The match comes off, and the ghost is smashed, but Robertsonius, har- assed by divisions of the enemy, resolves to appeal to the country for aid. Now carefully each chieftain views his force, And calls his eager warriors to horse: Th' opposing sides their leaders gather round, And with their martial trampling shake the ground. Then thus Parkesius—"Oh! great Humbug—who Dost ever with regard thy servant view, Give me this day to smite yon gathered throng, And in the dust to hurl their chief along: May he and Bill lie stretched along the sand— Both victims to the prowess of this hand. Grant this, Oh patron!—on thine honored shrine-- Oft graced before by offerings of mine— Three dozen Fenians, full grown, shall bleed, And all the world thy sounding praises read!" He ceased—swift o'er his head a canard flew— The shouting crowd great Humbug's omen knew— "Evoe Humbug!" cried the martial host, "Evoe Humbug! and long live the Ghost!" Now Robertsonius placed his lance in rest, And to th' embattled throng himself addrest:— "Chiefs, heroes, friends, locked up in warlike steel, To bring to grief this traitor to our weal— Ye who have brought your powers to aid our throng From where the Murrumbidgee rolls along; Who, from this charge to see our land released, Forsook the groves of fair Macquarie East— Be this your task this day—their scheme to spoil, To plant a ghost upon our fertile soil; Like Trojans fight against the specious crew; Unto the country and her cause be true; So shall your future years be passed in peace, And coming ages bless the glad release!" He said, and spurring, at a flying pace, His courser's eager hoofs devoured the space, Straight he advanced towards the spectre crew, And sent his voice before him as he flew:— "Oh! thou of many twists and turnings, hear! Great Jack now dareth thee to battle here; Or, if thou hast a wish to shun my might, Brave Bill is armed, and panting for the fight. Lay down thine arms—resign thy wretched Ghost— Or dread the prowess of my gallant host!" Then thus Parkesius:—"Chieftain, I disdain To fight thee singly now upon the plain; Too skilled in arms art thou, I trow, for me, But we can smite your mob—come on and see!" Then to the fight the chiefs their steeds impelled; What deeds of arms that day, O Muse! beheld. Maclaeius—his glory to increase— Spurred his hot courser through the fighting prease At fierce Parkesius—by his armour known, And with a shock encountering, bore him down. Supine on earth the fallen chieftain lies, His ghostly chief becomes the victor's prize. But now, the Ghost destroyed, the vulgar crew With slings and stones from far the war renew; Their numbers with distress the knights o'erwhelm, They lay hard load upon Fosterius' helm. The panting chiefs—with toil of battle spent— Victorious from the field their footsteps bent; While round them sneaked divisions of the foe, Who sought, unscathed, to deal a parting blow. Maclaeius then:—"My gallant friends in arms, We've freed our country from these dire alarms; Their Ghost destroyed—their chieftain overthrown, The leaders their discomfitude must own. What though their hirelings prowl about the field? No more the sword in Humbug's cause they wield; Yet, to destroy this semblance of a foe Unto the country we have served, we'll go; Let them pronounce which side achieved the most, They keep the field, but we have burked their Ghost!" 