SUPREME COURT, TOOWOOMBA. 47UW sittings of tho abovo Court were to. havo mmouccd oa,Mon(lay uioraing laat, but owing to iho jury precepts not having. boon forwqrdcd from Brisbano tho business could nob bo proceeded with. Tho jurors and witnossosin tho different casGs woro watting from ton oclcck — tho appointed 'hour1' Tor tho opening ; of 'tho'Court — until' ton minutes past olovon, befbro fits Honor tho Chief Justice took his sent. His; Honor, after. a brlof Interval, 'adjourned tho Court till ten o'clock tho following .morning ...tpebday, July'27. ;r ,, .(Before his Honor tbo Chief Justico.) . . Barristers , present— Mr. Paul, vylio . rioted as Crown Prosecutor, and Mr,. Bainl. . Solicitors- Mr Ocook and Mr Boylo. f! .-i- ; .LARCENY. .1 " WilllaraJ. Pfilmcr pleadod not guilty to tho charge of stealing; on tho 14th of Juno last, £2 143.; tho 'property ' of Michael Fogarty, of tho Royil Exchitogo Hotel, Uuthvcn-strect,. Too.. wbomba,aod ' wds undofondod. Tho wholo of tho evidonco Ju ti3'(o''appo,arcd. in our isauo of . tho IfilW-JTanp, 'Hon'thq Tho ovidonco was to tho effect that prisoner was at?Mr.' FogartyV house .on . tho morning : of tho robbery, .took, a glass, and, paid for it,, was troatod to a breakfast frco, took another glass bfter breakfast and paid for it withtohptho 'said iwastho last'siipencoho had, nridiwas in tho bar Wading whcn:Mr.:Fogarty went to tho coffco room to intend to some customers. On Mr. Fogarty'e ydtum tho prisoner had loft tho bar, and a tumbler Cdfitiiiirfng£2i4si had boon taken a way.1 Prisoner ibbhd ' soinb.jtWo Hours afterwards at( Mr. tayip' H9rro;ahd;J6ckoy; iIotol, .where . he' had A chdnkod a notoin the tnoaulimo,. Mr., Fdgarty topk. nim: hnpk ,to, his, hotel, Vwhqrol.prisoncr.pro- jlucqd n purso, which .was. found to contain 23s. in yilrer and a half-sovereign .Mr. David Pcarcc, a storekeeper : living noar by, rccollocted seeing fn-inonor in Mr/Fogartya garden about 8 or 9 o'clock in1 the Interning on tbo 14thj of somO month, ho could notsay which, but believed It to havo boon w cithrMay"of"Juuo7 to reach which" ho' would most W 5lkbW Wtfes a bcd-rootn'in which 'tho' glass' 'whloh had hcld. iha mbho was found by a 'servant girl pboute balf-an-hour .after 'tho moDoy was first '.missed.,. A tumbler \vns produced, but, this latter 'wUncas'sftld it looked llko tho ono she fouild in; tho bed-room. but she could not swear that It was 1 the same. The juiy«.aflcc.a:fow minutes consultation, ro- ; turned a verdict of not guilty, t and- tho .prisoner warf discharged. The Court adjourned from one until two o'clock. FELONIOUS ASSAULT. Billy Borang, an aboriginal was charged with committing an offence of the above nature, on the 27th March, 1869, at Horse Creek, on the person of Mary Macpherson. A second count charged him, with assaulting beating, and ill-treating the said Mary, Macpher- son, with the intention of violently, and, feloni- ously ravishing her. There were three other minor counts. Mr. Baird appeared for the prisoner ; Mr. Boyle, solicitor. Thomas Davis, now a resident of Brisbane, who was residing many years with the natives in Northern Queensland, and was thoroughly ac- quainter with their different languages, acted as interpreter. Ten jurymen were challenged by prisoner's counsel, and one by the Acting Crown Prosecutor. Mr. Paul, on behalf of the Crown, gave an out- line of the case, and called Mary Macpherson, who deposed: I am the wife of James Macpherson, shepherd of Mr. Tooth's, of Talavera, about five miles from Surat; where we lived was about two miles from Surat; I first saw the prisoner on the 27th March last, at my- own place at Horse Creek, between nine and ten o'clock in the forenoon ; I was in the act of wash- ing my child, of two years of age ; my little boy, between nine and ten years of age, was down at the creek, and was followed up by the prisoner ; prisoner was entirely naked, with the exception of having a bit of flannel tied round his waist; he asked me if I wanted wood cut, and I said "No;" asked him where he came from, and he said he came from Dondi station, and had lost two black- fellows in the bush, and asked if I had seen them; I told him I had not; I asked him if he had a tomakawk, and he said "No;" he asked me if I had a tomahawk, and I said,", No ;" there was an axe standing alongside of the house, and he stepped forward to take hold of it ; I went and caught hold of the axe first, and planted it under a stretcher in the hut ; the conversation lasted about half hour; he then went behind the hut with his back towards me, and kept looking from side to side to see if any one was about; I went out and asked what was keeping him there; he made no reply, but kept exposing his person ; ******** I commenced to bounce him; saying I would send for the police ; prisoner said, "Me know all about policemen—me want 'em you;" he then came alongside the hut, and said; "Suppose you not lend 'em me, I kill 'em you and piccaninny alto- gether," pointing to the back and fore part of his neck; he then rushed over towards me; we had been screaming dreadfully, and tho dogs had been barking fearfully at him ; he caught hold of me and tore my jacket at the back ; he caught me by the breast and tore part of my chemise. Sergeant Charles Egan was called, and produced certain clothing that had been considerably torn. Witness continued : This is the jacket and chemise that l had on at the time when prisoner whole before, and were torn by him ; prisoner got alarmed and ran round the yard, and I had time to go in and get another jacket and shift in the hut ; myself and my children went away scream- ing "Murder", towards Surat, and running for our lives; I saw no person but the prisoner before arriving at Surat ; the prisoner came running up along the edge of the scrub, rushed on me, caught my child from my arms, and threw it on the ground; two of my children were running, and I was carrying the other; prisoner knocked me down and I twisted on my side; he struck me a blow on my left side that took my breath away, and sang out, "You b — — y b —— r, l'll break your legs for you;" he caught hold of my hair and tore it out of my head before he knocked me down, but only once while I was struggling for my child; I turned round and saw a good lot of my hair in his hand that he had pulled out ; when he knocked me down he pulled my clothes up as I was lying on my right side ; he struck me on my left side and I was quite exhausted ; he threw himself on me ; he was naked at the time, except the flannel that was around his waist ; he also said "You b— r, I'll pull you to the creek;" the creek was about a hundred yards off; a horse's feet were then heard in the scrub, and prisoner ran off in an opposite direction ; my two children were running in the scrub and screaming at the time; I saw the horse, but no rider on it; the horse was trotting to the water ; I went after my children and took them into Surat; I went to Mr. Gandrey's public house in Surat; I was knocked down about a quarter of a mile from the hut where I lived ; I met no one on the way to Surat; Mr. Gandrey went out, and returned with Sergeant Egan about a quarter of an hour after I arrived ; I next saw the prisoner in the lockup at Surat on Sunday, 28th of March, the day following the assault ; another blackfellow was with him, and I picked the prisoner out as the one that committed the assault ; the two blackfellows were dressed in a similar manner By Mr. Baird : I am not certain whether I told the magistrate that prisoner said "I know all about policeman— I want 'em you," but I believe I did ; I did believe that prisoner intended to com- mit a rape on me; this was the first blackfellow that came to my place ; he was naked with the exception of the flannel ; my husband is not here ; neither is Mr. or Mrs. Gandrey ; I consulted a medical man, but he is not here ; I have been in the country about thirteen years; Sergeant Egan took me to the lock-up to identify the prisoner, and told me why he wanted me to go there ; the two black men I saw at the lock-up had nothing on them but flannel shirts round their waists; I was told that the black boy in the lock-up was the ono who tracked the prisoner; I have seen hun dreds of blacks in my time. It being nearly six o'clock when the cross-ex amination of this witness was concluded, his Honor adjourned the Court, till ten o'clock the following (this) morning. Extraordinary Occurrences;— Eu thoso enlightened times it seoms almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance ; but tbo following statement of what bos'bo- falloo tbroo rospcotablo moo residing noar Young Is authentio, and may bo rcliodiunon by our roadors as boing no hoax; Tho tbroo mon referred to dro splitting posts and rails for fonoio'g about four milos from Young, near tho Throo-Milo and old Duffor Rush.. Tho last :timo thoy saw anything unusual was on ono moonlight : night, about tbroo weoks ago, when thoy woro tuuoh startled by sOeiog in tho . bush near thoir hut a whito objoot about tho siso of a cat, but .of. no particular form. This extraordinary looking .objcot euddonly before thoir oyos sprung up into a wbito spcctrq about eight foot, high. , Thoy callod bat'Jio' it/ but; could got po reply, struck at it with a1 stidk, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of thorn' ono way and ono another. On one occasion ' thoy roUrcd to bod at the usual hour on a oalruatill night, wont to sleep, slopt;for;6omo tjmo, and upon ono waking up during tho'nigbt, ho was muoh surprised to find that tho wbolo of t tho roof of the hut bad boob removed. On looking out thoy ;saw tho Bpootrc, but .no ono olso was about, and thoy oro all quito suro that noither on this nor tbo former occasion was it oithor a man or a . woman. Its suddonty; rising boforo tboir 0y09 from a moro nothing to & height of eight foot quito dumbfoandcrod them. Anotlior njgbfe thoy wcro much surprised asscoiog a strahgo dnoarthly-looking animal, soinowhnt resbmbling a dogj' with a long: ohaiu'attacliod vu uujwui vuiuu tigub iu ituub ut vuu | but, ;and' commenced grinning at 'thom,' but; mado .nb npispoithor by bdrking or otiibrwiso, save tho occhaibnaV rattling of its pboin :As tho.aniroa\ would notigo. away, ono of tho mon ' (who was. a good shot)' loaded a:gun, and fired; 'thVcontonU' direct at; th.bbraio; bat tbo &hbtj; .lo'pk no qfloot upon . it, ' Tho , dog, or wbatovqr it waSi ' remained for- Bomo.eonsidorablo timo. On nnothor night 'the dog Boomed to havo ro- turncd, fop tlioy hoard tho rattling of a chain ; and a noiso likq'wbat;n dog wputi mqkq'.whon licking a plato. . Upon looking outside, thoy 'saw -that a plqto ' which bad boon deft tboroj waS' in motiou, but they 'could' not soo' what' caused it to, bo so, although , thoy could, whiloj .looking, . distinctly bear tbo- same noiso do-; soribod' abovoi Thoy 'watched it for somo | timo; tbo plato boing kept in '.motion and tho! noiso boing distinctly beard as if the plato was boing, licked by somo auimal." On Sunilay: last thoso ' mon oarao into IJouug, aud upon ono of them returning in thb ovoning, bo found .thatthp door. of. tbo but bad bcop pallad down,' and tho contents of tbo but brought outsido and loft tbcro. Two out of tho throo mon aro woll bpown to us, and wo fool . confldont that! what wb liavo' stated may bo rolicd .upon as1 being tho truth. A shepherd told thoso mon| that somo timo ago two mon who woro splitting' 1 th'cro qiiarrollod, and ono' killed' tho' other! wi.ll 7.oo f .axo apq qftqnfards foiled a treo on' bjm, and: that .it .was nothiog extraordinary: fferibowdpJcTwhiBpV-ighwl' ill Utttkg ltffBp; pcatanco.— Bummgong Argus/ 11 : . The Atudgee Libtral h indpbtqd to E. Tindalo,1 . Esq., of Barragani fpr tho /oil owing A shcphonl in tho employ of, Mossrs. Tindalo Brothers, of : Bnrrngan, namqd John . M'Dcrmot, , diod undor, . most lOXlrnordinsry circumstances. It appears r.tlmt a sbcop died on the run, whioh M'Dormot skinned; ' Ho carried homo a portion for bis dog, \- and put .tho remainder on1 tbo flro. : Lighting his' pipe at tlio samo firo, ho foK tho stcam'frotn tho purnirig fcarcaso waft Into his faco,' which ho in haled., On tho' Friday ho whlkod , into tho head; station .from Vilpingong and. homo, a distanco of i,wqntyr'six miles. Upon arrival, homo ho was "seized with n , severe hcmlacko and nausea, at tended with swelling in tlio breast and undor the arm, and died about olovon o'clock on tho Butur- day. night. : AVq understand ho had a scratch-on his hand, and it Js possiblo the poison might havo been communicated to tho syslom by carrying tho 'Carcase# ' ' "A man named King lately 'brought on ncttpn at tlio TiistrlctCourt;, Young, against R. Arra- ,'strong, G. Gopdsal), and A. Cohon, for assault, damagos. boing laidt nt £200. Mr. Stephen, in- . struete l by Mr. Kreostono, appeared for tho plain-; till; Mr; Forbes, for tho defendants. Itnppoarocl from tho evidence .that tho- plaintiff,' who is a1 blacksmith, residing- at Young, went into Mr.' .Cohen's hotel on tho 8th June, had a glass of grog, and thon went to sloop. "Whon lie got up had wuui uuwt-, uu iuuuii uinb uau .ais ucara anu nail tho hair of his head hail been cutoff. Ho had consequently been frequently jeered about in tho, streets. Ho had bcon called baldy " and " croppy," anil had caught a severe gold. As far ns Goodsall was concornod, a verdict was re turned for tho defondaut; in tbo case of Cohen' and Armstrong (tho former being landlord of tho inn), tho Judgo gavo a verdict of £7 10s., and costs of court. Revolting Attempt at Lipe and Puopebty.— Early on' Sunday morning; a most diabolical act was pcrpotratcd by, somo miscreant at tho Royal Hotel stables. Tho building is a long, high, well- built rango, with an clovatod hay loft.all tho way To reach this loft thoro is, along with insido com munication, a door, which is reached by a laddor. Tho man in chargo of tho stables (James Hand) sleeps on tho ground floor, on the door to which, besides other moans of fastening, there is an out side running bolt, for daily uso. Tho miscreant evidently planned his- work well, lie got on to tho loft, and, fivo or six feet in from tlio window kindled a firo on tbo boahls., Ho then descended; and, as would appear,' removed the ladder; and .then, fastening, tbo outer . ruoning; bolt 'on tha ground floor door, ho thus, prevented the possi. bility ofescapo in that way. Tho firo, fortunately, was kindled, not directly over, but closo to tho horsC'tack; and' tho hay hml boon removed a fow days previously from tho back 'portion of'thd ground.floor,i JIeaving only chaff and less combos- tiblo matter to bo ignited. The firo progressed on top uiitU it Had reached tho ditndiisions of a circlo; measuring ' about five foot in diameter, when it broke through ami so frightened ono of tho horses that ho tore away from his fastenings, and running towards tlio end of tho stablo in which'-tho groom was sleeping, cauBod 1dm toawakon. Poor Hand, seeing tbo fire, rushed to tho door, but found it barred against liiui. IIo next got on to tho loft, and' finding' tho ladder removed, dropped .down without iujury. Ho fouad tho ladder, and at osco set to work at putting out tlio firo and so saving tho property. This he succeeded in doing in less than three quarters of an hour. Ha then gave tho alarm and search was made, and tracks were observed about tho placo, which, coupled with certain threats alleged to havo been made by a man namod John M'Gaon, suspicion was at onco directed to him. Information was given to tho Kiiico at 10 o'clock a.m., and about 11 tho same night M'Gamr was arrested by Constablo O'iUvycr, and lodged iu'tbo lockup. — Burrow Times, 17th io&tuut.; 