ANNE HEREFORD. BY tBe AUTHOR of "East Lynne.' Chapter XII. The 8TRANGEB-APPII0ANT. Stay i THE BlUAiiu IT, Mr Chandos gone, do you know, miss ? The question came from Hill, who put her I , 'to the oak parlor to make it. 1 "it. rode away not three minutes ago." , wearing' My lady wanted him to call [ somewhere else. I ""PP080 5 note must be fitted m instant, Mrs. Hill, I said, detain a There's a new companion wanted, is a , Tnnt for Mrs Chandos ?" 1 there course there is," returned Hill. « What l0ffclnI^:LadyChondo8?" Hil turned hard directly, facing me reso- not, miss, you listen; we have had that 1 Wn once before, and we don't want it "over again So long as my lady keeps her gM , neither you nor anybody else can be admired to her, you wouldn't be if you paid for end And I'm much surprised that a tender' calling herself a lady, should per cwt in pressing it j) j am not pressing it I only asked the , Otton' £61 cannot see Lady Chandos, will win deliver a message to her for me of If I can [ be of any use in taking the duties of companion Mrs Chandos in this temporary need, I I shall be glad to be BC' and will do my very To see the countenance with which Hill revived these words, was something comical the open mouth, the stare of astonishment. you take the duties of companion to Mrs. ICbaado« ' ' uttered she, at length. " Bless the chills' you little know what you ask for " But will you mention it to Lady Chandos ?" Hill vouchsafed no answer. She cast a glance of 65 p,|T on my ignorance or presumption, which I ever she may have deemed it, and quietly went at of the room That it was perfectly useless persisting, or ; even thinking of the affair further, I saw, and got out my writing-desk Not a word had come to me from Mrs Peter, not a hint at payment, and I "rode a civil request that she would kindly forward me the money due. The" over, I sat, pen in hand, deliberating whether to write or not to Emily do Melhssie, when a loud ring came to the house door. One of the footmen crossed the hall to answer it. Is Lady Chandos at home ?" I heard do | handed, in a lady-like and firm voice. Her ladyship is at home, ma'am," answered Joseph, " but she does not receive visitors." I wish to see her " She is ill, madam ; not able to see anyone's Lady Chandos would admit me. My bush news is of importance In short, I must see Mr" Joseph seemed to hesitate. I I'll call Mrs Hill, and you can see her, Kia'aui," he said, after a little pause. "But I I am certain you cannot be admitted to my [ lady " She was ushered by Joseph into the oak parlor A good looking woman, as might be seen through her black Chantilly well, dressed in a oft black silk gown and handsome shawl. She was of middle height, portly, and had a rain of fiery red hair, crops on the temples, and taken to the back of her head I rose to receive her She bowed, but did not lift her rail, and it struck me that I had seen her | somewhere before I presume that I have the honor of speaking to a Miss Chandos ?" I am not Miss Chandos. Will you take a rest" ' I grieve to hear that Lady Chandos is all I she so ill that she cannot see me ?" What I should have answered I scarcely law, and was relieved by the entrance of Hill. The Ti'itor arose ' I have come here, some distance, to request an interview with Lady Chandos. I hear she is indisposed, but not, I trust, too much so to grant it to me In sorry you should have taken the trouble," bluntly returned Hill, who was in one of her ungracious moods " My lady cannot see anyone ' ' Sly business with her is of importance." ' I can't help that. If all England came, Lady Chandos could not receive them " " To whom am I speaking if I may inquire," resumed the lady "I am SIra Hill. The many years' confidential attendant of Lady Chandos." You share her entire confidence ?" 'Her entire confidence, and that of the family " " I have heard of you. It is not every family I who possesses so faithful a friend." ' Anything you may have to say to her lady 'ship, whatever its nature, you can, if you please, charge me with," resumed Hill, completely ignoring the compliment. " I do not urge it, or cover it," she hastily added, man uncompromis- ing tone, " I only mention it because it is im- possible that you can see Lady Chandos." Sirs Chandos requires a companion, at the present moment, to replace one who has gone I away ill " "What of that?" returned Hill. ' I am come to offer myself for the appoints meat," said the visitor, handing her card, which £1 dropped on the table without looking at. I flatter myself I shall be found eligible." Hill looked surprised, and I felt so. Only a candidate for the vacant place after all that circumlocution ! "Why could you not have said at first what you wanted'" was Hill's next question, put with scant pohtoneBB. Indeed, she seemed to resent both the visit and the application as s> Phonal affront I don't think you'll suit, madam " "Why do you think I shall not" ''And we are about somebody already. Mr. "?-J;03 is gone to inquire for her now." A flush, and a shade of disappointment, immediately hid under a smile, appeared on the My i face. I felt sorry for her. I thought perhaps she might be wanting a home. Sir Chandos may not engage her," observed the motor. "veil'' true enough," acknowledged HiM. let she would have suited well for she is not 1 stranger to the Chandos family." " 'Neither am I." quietly replied the applicant. my name is. Penn if you will have the good his to look at the card-Mrs. Penn." Penn? penned peated. is wearing no information, but paying no attention to the serf 20"' MI don't recognise the past I pember nobod? belle as she " known to Cuando i " Neither would Lady Chandos recognise it, for personally I am unknown to her. When I ' said I was no stranger to the Chandos family I meant that I was not strange to certain unpleasant events connected with it. That dreadful misfortune--" " It's not a thing to be talked of in the light of day," shrieked Hill, putting up her hands to stop the words. " Have you not more discre- tion that that Very fit, you'd be, as companion for young Mrs. Chandos !" "Do not alarm yourself for nothing," re- joined Mrs. Penn, with soothing coolness. " I was not going to talk of it, beyond the barest illu- sion and the whole world knows that the Chandos family are not as others. I would only observe that I am acquainted with everything that occurred ; all the details and therefore I should be more eligible than some to reside at Chandos." "How did you learn them ?" asked Hill. " Lady Chandos had once an intimate friend Mrs. Sackville who is now dead. I was at Mrs. Sackville's when the affair happened, and became cognisant of all through her. Perhaps Lady Chandos may deem it worth while to see me, if you tell her this." " How can she see you, when she's confined to her bed ?" irritably responded Hill, who appeared fully bent upon admitting none to the presence of Lady Chandos. The very mention of it excited her anger in a most unreasonable manner, for which I could scene occasion whatever. The conclusion was, that Hill took the card up to Lady Chandos ; also the message of the stranger; one of which was that she would prove a faithful friend in the event of being engaged. Hill returned presently to inquire how Mrs. Penn heard that a companion to Mrs. Chandos was required that lady replied that she had heard it accidentally at Marden. She had lived but in three situations, she said-with Mrs. Sackville, Mrs. James, both of whom were dead, and at present she was with Mrs. Howard, of Mardon, who would personally answer all 'inquiries. Hill appeared to regard this as satisfactory. She noted the address given, and accompanied Mrs. Penn to the portico, who declined the offer of refreshments. They spoke together for some minutes in an undertone, and then Mrs. Penn walked away at a brisk pace, wishing, she said, to catch the omnibus that would presently pass Chandos gates on its way to the station. I put my head out at the window, and gazed after her trying to recall, looking at her back, what I had not been able to do looking at her face. Hill's voice recalled me. " Is not there something rather queer about that person's looks, Miss Hereford ?" " In what way, Hill ? She is good-looking." " Well, her face struck me as being a curious one. What bright red hair she's got and I have heard Boy that red hair is sometimes de- ceitful. It is her own, though for I looked at it in the sunlight outside." " She puts me in mind of some one I have seen, and I cannot recollect who. It is not often you see red hair with those very light blue eyes." I never saw hair so shiny-red in all my life," returned Hill ; " it looks just as if it had been burnished. She seems straightforward and independent. We shall see what the references say, if it comes to an inquiry." " If you and Lady Chandos would but let me try the situation, Hill ! I'm sure I should suit Mrs. Chandos as well as this lady would I am only twenty ; but I have had experience one way or another." As if the words were a signal to drive her away, Hill walked off. I wrote to Madame de Mellissie, finished a drawing, and got through the afternoon ; going up to dress at half-past 5. Now that Lady Chandos was secluded, and Mr. Chandos my sole dinner companion, instinct told me that full dress was best avoided So I put on my pretty pink barge, with its little tucker of Honiton lace at the throat, and its falling cuffs of Honiton lace at the wrists. Nothing in my hair but a bit of pink ribbon. I had not worn anything but ribbon since I came to Chandos. The dinner waited and I waited, but Mr, Chandos did not come. I had seen a covered dray carried up stairs by Dickens at the door of the west wing Hill would relieve him of it, the invariable custom. At the special request of Lady Chandos, Hickons alone went up there the other men servants never. Joseph carried up the meals for Mrs. Chandos, and stayed to wait on her. " Would you like to sit down without Mr. Chandos, miss ?" Hickons came to inquire of me when half-past 6 o'clock had struck. He I did not care to do that. And the time went on again ; I wondering what was detain Jig him. By-and-bye I went out of doors in the twilight, and strolled a little way down the carriage-drive. It was not so pleasant an evening as the previous one clouds chased each other across the sky, a dim star or two struggled out, the air was troubled, and the wind was sighing and moaning in the trees. There broke upon my ear the footsteps of a horse. I did not care that its master should see me walking there, and turned to gain the house. But what sort of a speed was it coming at why should Mr. Chandos be riding in that break-neck fashion ? Little chance, in truth, that I could outstrip that 1 So I went into hiding amidst the trees, and in another moment Black Knave tore furiously by without its rider, the bridle trailing on the ground. Mr. Chandos must have met with an accident I he might be lying in desperate need. Where could it have happened and where was the groom who had gone out in attendance on him I ran along at my swiftest speed, and soon saw a dark object in the distance, nearly as far as the entrance-gates. It was Mr. Chandos, tyring to raise himself. " Are you hurt it" I asked, kneeling down be side him. II Some trifling damage, I suppose, How came you here, Miss Hereford ?" III saw the horse gallop in, and ran to see what the accident might be, sir. How did it happen?" " Get up, child. Get up, and I will tell you." " Yes, sir," I said, obeying him. I was riding fast, being late, and in passing this spot, some creature I should say ' down' to any one but a young lady darted out of those trees there, and threw up its hands with a noise right in front of my horse, to startle it, or to startle mc. Black Knave reared bolt upright, bounded forward and I lost my seat. I had deemed myself a first-rate horseman before to-night ; but I was sitting carelessly." "Was it a man?" "To the best of my belief, it was a woman. The night is dusk and I saw things less accurately than I might have done in a more collected moment. It was a something in a grey cloak, with a shrill voice. I wonder if you could help me up ?" " I will do my host." I stooped, and he placed his hands upon me, and raised himself. But it appeared that he could not walk : but for holding on to me, he would have fallen. " I believe you must let me Ho on the ground again, and go and send assistance, Miss Hereford. Stay : who's this ?" It was one of the servants, Lizzie, who had been, as was subsequently explained, on an errand to the village. She called out in dis- mayed astonishment when she comprehended the helpless position of Mr. Chandos. "Now, don't lose your wits, Lizzie, but see what you can do to help me," he cried. " With you on one side, and Miss Hereford on the other, perhaps I may make a hobble of it." The woman put her basket down, concealing it between the trees, and Mr. Chandos laid his hand upon her shoulder, I helping him on the other side. She was full of questions, calling the horse all sorts of treacherous names. Mr. Chandos said the horse was not to blame, and gave her the explanation that he had given me " Sir, I'd lay a hundred guineas that it was one of them Ripsy jades!" she exclaimed. " There's a lot of them camped on the com- mon." "I'll gipsy whom, should it prove so," he answered. " Miss Hereford, I am sorry to lean upon you so heavily. The order of things is being reversed. Instead of the knight supporting the lady, the lady is bearing the weight of the knight." " Where was your groom, sir ?" I inquired. " He went abroad with you." " Yes, but I despatched him on an errand, and rode back alone." " Should you know the woman again, sir ?" resumed Lizzy. "I think I should know her scream. It was as shrill as a seagulls. Her head was enveloped in some covering that concealed horses ; probably the hood of the grey cloak." " Who's to know that it was not a man are sumed Lizzy. "If so, he wore petticoats," said Mr. Chandos. " A seat at last !" he added, as we approached one. " I will remain here whilst you go and send two of the men." "Can't we get you on further, sir?" said Lizzy. " No. I have taxed your strength too much in this short distance. And my own also, through endeavoring to ease my weight to you." In point of fact, the weight had been felt, for the one foot seemed quite powerless. He sat down on the bondi, his brow white and moist with pain, and motioned to us to go on. "I think they had better bring my mother's garden chair, he said. " I'll run and send it," cried Lizzy. " Miss had better stop with you, sir." " What for ?" asked Mr. Chandos. " Look you here, sir. That woman, whoever she might have been, was trying to do you an injury to cause you to lose your life, I should say and the chances are that she's concealed I somewhere about here still. Look at the opportunities for hiding there is here ! Why, a whole regiment of gipsies, and murderers, and thieves, might be skulking amid them trees, and us none the wiser till they showed themselves with guns and knives. That woman-which I'll be bound was a man may be watching to come out upon you, sir, if you can be caught by yourself." Mr. Chandos laughed, but Lizzy seemed in anything but a laughing mood. " I will stay with you, sir," I said, and sat down resolutely on the bench. Lizzy went off with a rod. " Now, Miss Horoford, you and I have an account to settle," he began, as her footsteps died away in the distance, " Why am I ' sir , again ?" " Lizzy was present," I answered, giving him the truth. I had not liked that she should see me familiar with him-putting myself, as it were, on a level with Mr. Chandos and in truth the word still slipped out at odd times in my shyness Lizzy might have commented upon the Commission in the household : but this I did not Bay. Mr. Chandos turned to look at me. ' Never mind who is present ; I am not sir to you, I beg you to recollect that, Miss Hope- ford. And now," he continued, taking my hand, " how am I to thank you ?" " For what ?" " For coming and looking for me. I might have lain until morning, inhaling the benefit of the night dows j or until that grey witch had come out again with a gun and finished me." The last words, a repetition of Lizzy's, were spoken in joke. I laughed. " You would have been found, without me, Mr. Chandos. Lizzy was not many moments after me, and scores of others will be coming in before the night is over, I don't know about the scores. But see how you destroy the romance of the thing, Miss Hereford ! I wish there was a probability that the woman had gone into hiding in the groves of Chandos ; I would soon have her hunted out of them." " Do you suppose it was one of the gipsies t" " I am at a loss for any supposition on the point," he replied. " I am unconscious of having given offence to any person or persons. "Do you think you are much injured ?" " There are worse misfortunes in hospitals, than the injury to my foot. I believe it to be nothing but a common spain, although it has disabled me. The pain-" " That's great, I am sure." " Pretty well. I should not like you to experience it." That it was more than pretty well I saw, for the drops wore coursing down his face. The men soon came up with the garden chair, and Mr. Chandos sent moon He was laid on the' sofa in the oak parlor. Hill examined the foot and bound it up, one of the grooms having been despatched for a medical man. He arrived after dinner which was taken in a scrambling sort of manner-a Mr. Dickenson, from the village, who was left with Mr, Chandos. At tea time, when I went in again, things looked comfortable The surgeon had pronounced it to be but a sprain, and Mr. Chandos was on the sofa, quietly reading, a shaded lamp at his elbow. From his conversation with Hill I gathered that the lady he had been inquiring after Miss White, had taken a situation at a distance, and could not come to Chandos. " We have had another applicant after the place, Mr. Harry," observed Hill, who was settling the cushion under his foot. And sho pro ceeded to tell him the particulars of Mrs Penn's visit. " Is she likely to suit ?" " My lady thinks so. Mr. Harry,"-dropping her voice to a whisper, which she no doubt thought would be inaudible to me, busy with the tea-cups at the table over so far off-" she knows all about that past trouble." Mr. Chandos laid down His book and looked at her. " Every unhappy syllable of it, sir ; more than my lady knows herself," whispered Hill, <' She mentioned one or two particulars to me which I'm sure we had never known and she said she could tell my lady more than that." " That is extraordinary," observed Mr. Chandos, in the same subdued tone. " Who is this Mrs. Penn? Whence could she have heard anything ?" " From Mrs. Sackville. You must remember I her, sir. She stayed a week with us about that a time." "This comes of my mother having made a | confident of Mrs. Sackville!" he muttered. "I always thought Mrs. Sackville a chattering woman. But it does not account for Mrs. Ponn's knowing the particulars that my mother does not know," he added, after a pause. "I shall be curious to see Mrs. Penn." "That's just the question I put to her, sir; where Mrs. Sackville could have learnt these do toils. Mrs. Penn answered that she had them from Sir Thomas himself. Therefore, I con- I elude Sir Thomas must have revealed to her what he spared my lady." Mr. Chandos shook his head with a proud, re- j p ellan t air. "I don't believe it, Hill. However Mrs. Sackville might have learnt it, rely upon it it was not from Sir Thomas. She was no favorite of his." Hill quitted the subject, and resumed with a sort of grunt. " Misfortunes never come singly. Mrs. Freer- a man could not have fallen ill at a worse troops " And now I am disabled ! Temporarily at least." " Oh, well, sir, let's hope for the best," cried j sho, getting up from her knees. When troubles come, the only plan is to look them steadily in the face, and meet them bravely." It is rather curious, though," cried Mr. Chandos, looking at Hill. " What is, Sir ?" " That I should be laid aside now. It has been so each time. There's something more than chance in it." Hill appeared to understand. I did not. As a she was quitting the room Dickens came in. " Mr. Doxtor has called, sir," he said. " Would | you like to see him ?" "Does he want anything particular?" asked Mr. Chandos. " No business, sir. He heard of this accident to you, and hurried here," he says. " Let him come in. You need not leave us, Miss Hereford." he added to me, for I was rising. " Doxtor will thank you for a cup of too." " Well now, Mr. Chandos, bow was this ?" cried the agent, as he bustled in wiping his rod face. Mr. Doxtor gave me the idea of being always in a hurry. "I can hardly tell you," replied Mr. Chandos. "I don't know myself." "News was brought into my office that Mr. Chandos'horso had thrown him, and he was supposed to be dying. So I caught up my hat and came rushing off. Hichens says it is only an injury to the ankle." " And that's enough, Doxtor for it is keeping me a prisoner. However, it might have been as I you heard, so I must not grumble. The question is, what in working jade caused it ?" " Ill-working jade ?" repeated Mr. Dexter. " Was it not an accident ? I don't understand ?" " An accident maliciously perpetrated. Some I vonomoUB spirit in the guise of a woman sprang before my horse with a shouting scream, and throw up her arms in his face. Black Knave [ won't stand much jokes. I was riding carelessly, ( and lost my coat." " Bless my heart !" exclaimed Mr. Doxtor, after a pause given to digest the words. " Who was it f Is she taken ?" " A tramp, probably. Though why she should set on me I am unable to conjecture. Where she vanished to or what became of her, I know not. I raised myself on my elbow directly I could collect my wits, which I assure you were somewhat scattered, but the coast was already clear and I had not been down a minute then." "What was the woman like t" pursued the | agent, as I handed him some tea. " I can tell you nothing of that. She wore a grey cloak, or something that looked like one, which enveloped her person and shaded her face. I should not know her if she stood before me this minute." " Was the cloak assumed for the purpose of disguise, sir, think you ?" eagerly questioned the agent, who seemed to take the matter up with much warmth, as if he had a suspicion. " It looked uncommonly like it." "Then I tell you what Mr. Chandos'; it was no ordinary tramp, or jail-bird of that description. Depend upon it, you must look nearer home." " Nearer home !" repeated Mr. Chandos. " Do you allude to our household servants P" "I don't allude to any party or parties in particular, sir. But when a disguise is assumed for the purpose of molesting a gentleman, riding to his home in the dusk of night, be assured that the offender is no stranger. This ought to be investigated, Mr. Chandos." " I sent two of the men to seek round about, and they scoured the plantations near the spot, but without result. So far as they could ascertain, no live body, worse than a hare, was concealed there." " I could understand it if you were obnoxious to the tenants, or to any others round about, but the exact contrary is the case," pursued Mr. Dexter, stirring his tea violently round and round. " The tenants often say they wish Mr. Chandos was their real landlord. Not that they have any cause of complaint against Sir Thomas ; but Sir Thomas is a stranger to them, and you, sir, are in their midst ; one, as it were, of themselves." " Talking about tenants-and to leave an unprofitable subject, for we shall make nothing of it in the present stage of the affair," resumed Mr. Chandos-" I don't like the new tenant by the gates here, Doctor ?" "No Why not, sir?" " And I should like to get rid of him." Our visitors put his bread-and-butter down on the plate, and stared at Mr. Chandos, at if questioning whether he might be in jest or earnest. "What is your objection to him sir?" he' asked, after a pause. " I cannot state any objection in detail. I have seen the man, and I don't like him. How can he be got rid of, Doctor ?" " He cannot be got rid of at all, sir, until the lease is out-three years unless he chooses to quit of his own accord. There's a clause in the lease that he can leave at the end of any twelve month, by giving proper notice. " That's his side as regards the agreement. What is mine ?" "You have no power to dismiss him until the three years are up." "How came you to draw up a one-sided deed, such as that ?" " Haines said his client wished to have the op- tion of quitting at the end of any year, though he would probably continue for the three. In point of fact, Mr. Edwin Barley is a yearly tenant ; but he wished to have the power in his own hands of remaining the three years. I did speak to you, Mr. Chandos, and you made no objection." Mr. Chandos sat twirling the watch-key and beautiful transparent seal that drooped from his gold chain. It was self-evident to him that what might appear to be just terms for any other man on the face of the earth, who had offered himself as tenant, looked anything but just now that tenant proved to be Mr. Edwin Barley. " And the agreement is signed of course!" Signed, sealed, and delivered, was the answer of Mr. Doxtor, who had taken the re mark as a question. "JuBtso. And there are no legal means of getting rid of the man ?" " None at all, sir, for three years, if he pleases to stop. But, Mr. Chandos, he appears to me to be an exceedingly eligible tenants very wealthy and respectable a man !" " Wealthy and respectable though he may be I would give a thousand pounds to be out of him, Doctor." "But why, sir?" repeated the agent, in Sur prise. "He is not likely to prove an agreeable neighbor I don't like the look of him," " Pardon the suggestion, Mr. Chandos, but you are not obliged to have anything to do with him," returned the agent, who looked as though the views propounded were quite different from any he had ever met with. " So long as Mr. Edwin Barley keeps his house respectable and pays his rent, that's all you need know of him, sir, unless you like." " What brought him to settle himself bore ?" abruptly asked Mr. Chandos. " Well, I inquired once, but got no satisfactory answer. They say his own place, by Nottloby, is quite magnificent, compared to this house, that he has taken. I remarked upon it to Haines : ' Gentlemen liked to go about the country and please their fancy for oranges,' Haines answered me. Which is true enough, sir." Mr. ChandoB gave a sort of incredulous ned, and the agent rose. "Now that I have soon you, sir, and had the pleasure of ascertaining that the injury is less than report said, I'll be going back again. But I shall keep my eyes open for a woman in a grey cloak. If I meet one, I'll pounce upon her, as sure as my name's Bob Doctor. Pray don't trouble yourself, young lady ! I know my way out." I had risen to ring the bell. Mr. Dexter was gone beforehand, and we heard the hall-door close after him with a sharp click. Just as the tea-things were taken away, Lizzy came in. The woman looked wild to-night ; her blue eyes were shining as with fire ; her dark chocks had a glow in them as of fever and she had not removed her bonnet and shawl before appearing in the presence of Mr. Chandos. " I beg, your pardon, sir !" she said, " but I thought I'd tell you where I've been to." " Well ?" returned Mr. Chandos, turning his head to her from the sofa. " I couldn't got it out of my head, sir, that the woman who served you that trick must be one of the gipsies, so I just put my best foot foremost, and walked over to the common. They are encamped at the far end of it, down in the hollow amid the trees. Such a sight ! A big tent lighted with a torch stuck in the ground, and four or five women and children in it, and straw hats in the corner, with brown rugs, and a pot boiling on the fire outside But I had my walk for nothing for the woman scorned quiet and peaceable enough ; one of them we sowing, and, so far as I saw they had never a grey cloak between 'em. There was an old cross turn about double, she could scarcely hobble, and two young women with babies to their breasts, and there was a growing girl or two. I'm bound to confess that none of them looked wicked enough to have been the one that Bet on you, sir." "Well?" repeated Mr. Chandos, regarding Lizzy with some wonder. " What else ?" " Why, sir, this, if it was one of them gipsies that attacked you, she's not back at the camp yet ; she must be in hiding somewhere and most likely it's in those very grounds, where they're thickest. If all the men went out to beat the place, they might drop upon her. There was something curiously eager about the woman as she spoke, with her cheeks and eyes glowing, and her tone full of passion. I think it struck Mr. Chandos. It certainly struck me, and to a degree that set me wondering. But Mr. Chandos betrayed no curiosity, and an swered with quiet derision. " We will forget the, Lizzy at any rate, for the present. I am tired of the subject and I do not suppose it to have been any of the gipsies. Some poor mad woman, more probably, escaped from the county asylum. Don't trouble j yourself about it further." Lizzy looked hard at him, as if she would have said more, but finally withdrew in silence. " Tired of everything, I think, to-night !" he added, with a weary sigh, as she closed the door. I Tired even of reading !"? " Can I do anything to amuse you, Mr. Chandos f" I asked, for he threw his book on the stand. " Ay. But you down on that low chair, and tell me stories of your past life, after the manner of fairy-tales." The chair was on the opposite side to the sofa, and I sat down upon it. He bade me come quite close to him, lest he should not hear. Which must have been said in jest, for his ears were quick. But I drew it nearer. " Now for fairy-tale the first. How shall you begin ?" " I don't know how to begin. My life has had no fairy-tales in it. I have not had a home, another girl hare," "Not had a horns I" ' " " I had one when I was a little girl. Mamma lived in a cottage in Devonshire, and I was with her "So you are a little Devonshire woman ?" "No ; I was born in India. Mamma brought me over when I was three years old." " And your father ?" " He had to stay behind in India. He was in the army. After that he sold out, and came home, and died very soon. Mamma died when I was eleven, and since that I have been at school." " Had you no relatives to offer you a home ?" " No !" And I felt my face flush as I thought of Mr. Edwin Barley. He must have noticed it he was looking at me. " No home all those years ! How you must long for one !" " I keep my longings down. It may never be my happiness to know a home ; certainly there is no present prospect of it. I resign myself to my position, doing my duty, as it is placed before me, and not looking beyond it." "What do you call your position ?' " " That of a governess." "I should say you are of gentle blood ?" " Oh yes." He paused. I paused. I saw that he expected I should tell him something more about myself and my family and I would willingly have told all, but for having to bring in the name of Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Barley. The fear of doing that of alluding to the dreadful events of the past, clung to me still as as a nightmare. Mr. Chandos, who did not fail to detect the ro Romance, concluded there must be some reason for it, not expedient to tell ; he quitted the subject at once, with the innate delicacy of a re fined man, and did not again, thou or later, make allusion to my family. " Well, now for the fairy-tales. Begin. If you don't tell me something worth hearing, I shall fall asleep." I laughed and related to him one or two short anecdotes of my school life, and thou re membered a supper scene at Miss Fenton's, and the setting on fire of Georgina Digges. He had grown interested in that, and we were both talk- ing very fast, when the clock struck IO. I got up and put away the low chair. " Good-night, sir." Good-night miss !" It made me laugh. He took my hand, kept it for a minute in his, and said he wished me pleasant dreams. " I shall dream of a woman in a grey cloak. But, Mr. Chandos ! in one sense, the accident is a good thing for you." " You must explain how. I don't see it." " With that disabled foot you may make sure of uninterrupted rest. There is no fear that you will leave your bed to-night to walk in the moonlight." "You go to bed, and to sleep, and never mind looking for me in the moonlight ; to-night or any other night." His mood had changed ; his brow had grown angry, his voice atom. The thought of having alluded to his infirmity brought back all my humiliation. " I beg your pardon, sir," I mockery said. And he released my hand without another word. I thought of it all the time I was undressing ; I thought of it after I was in bed. Not of that only, but of other things. If Mr. Edwin Barley was the enemy of the family, as hinted at by Mr. Chandos, and could do them at will irreparable injury and if he, Edwin Barley, had thus brought himself into proximity, because he had learnt in some unaccountable manner that I was staying there, how they would have cause to detest mo ! Of course it might not be. Mr. Edwin Barley might have come for his own purposes to Chandos, irrespective of me. I could only hope it was so ; but the doubt caused me most jealously to guard his name, as a connection of mine, from Mr. Chandos. I dropped into peaceful sleep. My last thought, But it stole over me, was to wonder whether Lizzy and the maids were watching from the turret window for the ghost in the pine walk. (TO BE CONTINUED ) Nerve. No man can be sure of his nerves at times. We have, within our personal experience known of more cases than one where men with ample professional training have been in the very jaws of death from no other reason than this. One of these men was an architect, thoroughly used to walk about all parts of houses in course of construction, who told us that he had on co, when walking along a plank which joined two walls at a great height from the ground, felt a sudden sense of danger, upon which his senses left him, and only returned after some seconds, when he awoke, so to speak, in the arms of one of his masons, who had most fortunately soon his state in time to carry him across the plank at the risk of his own life. A second and more serious case requires a little previous explanation. Some years ago, the painting on the inside of the dome of St. Paul's wanted repairs, and it was contrived, in order to save the trouble and expense of a scaffolding built up from the floor, that a sort of Bunpondod scaffold should be made, supported by a ledge of about half a yard in width on the upper surface of the cornice just below the dome, and hanging by ropes which run through holes in the upper part of the dome. A ship's carpen- ter an old hand at such matters undertook the job, and began it by stopping out of a small door at the foot of the dome on to the lodge in question, from which there was a clear fall of two hundred foot to the pavement beneath. He walked a few steps along the lodge, and then, being a broad-shouldered man, found that the inward curve of the dome made him unable to stand upright, and caused him to lean over dangerously with an altered and unsteady centre of gravity. Soiled all at once with an over powering sense of fear, he managed, nevertheless, to turn his face to the dome and to rest, being once more able to stand upright, till he had a little recovered his sores. Then, to his horror, he found that he had forgotten on which side of him the door was, or how far off it was, and in trying to get to it by short sidelong steps took the wrong direction, and literally walked in search of it round the whole base of the dome, falling into the door at last utterly prostrated, and feeling, as he said, " ten years older." How ever, he made the scaffold afterwards, and used to tell the story of his fright while walking about on the lodge in the most unconcerned way. Land and Water. Tub Green Mountain State has produced a wonderful story, which anybody is at liberty to believe. This is the substance of the tale ; There is a man in Vermont who cannot speak to his father. Previous to his birth some difficulty arose between his mother and father, and for a considerable time she refused to speak with him, but the difficulty was subsequently headed. The child began to talk at the usual ago, but was always silent when with the father. He so continued until five years old, when the father, having exhausted his powers of persuasion, inflicted punishment for what was regarded as Stubbornness. This elicited nothing but sighs and groans. The child apparently could not speak to him, although he endeavored to do so. And when the boy grow to mature age all efforts to converse with his father wore fruitless. A pretty tough story this but may be allowed to pass. The hot weather is upon us. A wife asked her husband if druggists kept dyestuffs for sale. He replied, " Most druggists keep little else but dyestuffs." Hood, in describing the meeting of a man and a lion, says : " The man ran off with all his might, and the lion with all his mane." " How odd it is," said Pat, as he trudged along on foot one hot, sultry day, " that a man never meets a cart going the same way he is !" " Come, Bridget, get up ! Hero 'on Monday morning ; to-morrow's Tuesday ¡ next day's Wednesday, half the week's gone, and nothing done yet!" If there were seminaries for teaching spin ology, tautology, weavoology, cookology, wash ology, c, we should have more W.E F.W.s, or Woman Fit for Wives. Adah lay down and slept-and from his side -a woman in her magic beauty rose ; dazzled and charmed, he called that woman bride, and his first sleep became his last repose. A. cynical, was seeing on the tomb of a wife whom he know to be a show in life the inscription, "I shall rise again," added the words, " but don't let my poor husband know of it." A thirty-two months' girl in Worcester thus accosted her paternal relative : " Papa, will you buy me some holes to put in my ears, so I can have some ear- rings ?" Papa is now looking for the holes. And then he might gentleman who inhabits a " haunted house " felt so weak and nervous the other day that he might have been knocked down with a crow-bar," because a friend said to him, " May your shadow never grow less!" A GOOD story is told of a bootblack whose energies were taxed by the huge shoes of a private just returned from the war. The little fellow knocking down, looked over his shoulder to a comrade and exclaimed : " Loud me some spit, Jim ; I've got an army contract." "There is no accounting for tastes." Wo chew tobacco, the Hindoos lime, and the Patagonian guano. Our children delight in candy, the Africans in rock salt, while the Esquimaux soap for a bit of tallow candle. To us turtles are a savory dish ; the Frenchman revels ou frogs and snails ; other savages on snakes. Emerson- on the Origin of the House on Lords The most epigrammatic statement in Mr. Emerson's writings has been lately quoted in Great Britain not with approval. It is this " Twenty thousand thieves landed at Hastings, and founded the House of Lords." For pure wit can this be exceeded ? Yan Ambuho's elephant, being enveloped in a huge blanket, was picking fugitive straws of hay from the ground by poking his trunk through an opening in his covering, observing which, a son of the Emerald Isle, who had just entered, exclaimed : " And what sort of a bush is that, a tin hay with his tail?" "Friend Mullaly, I am pleased that the has got such a fine organ in the church." " But," said the clergyman, "I thought you were strongly opposed to having on organ in a church ?" " So I am," said Friend Ohodiah ; " but thou if they will worship the Lord with machinery, I would like them to have a first- rate instrument." Exthaot niOM a Quack's Diary. April 15\. Called on Mrs. Muggins. Biznoss, Widdop. Hains nothing ails her. Told her she had Plumb bago. Fixed sum Mustang Liniment on loaf sugar. Must give her something nasty to make her sick. She's got the rose. will (not undo.) April 2(1. Patrick Green. Biznoss, finish unfair. No right in this country. Bowels and animated. Give him pekoe, and told him to go without calm till I call again. Medsin 15s. ; Addviso, 10s.; Total, £1 55. Pado. (Shant call again.) There is some comfort in the dim and distant future for those who suffer great irritation from the bites of mosquitoes. The Lancet mentions it as a curious fact that the susceptibility of the whole, or different parts, of the system to the action of poisons and irritants appears to be limited, and the bites of mosquitoes, the action of vosicuntB, and the power of vaccine and other animal poisons, cannot be made to port potato their effects on one and the same system. So, after being poisoned enough, we shall be proof against their bites. However, it is not be much their long hills in their perpetual notes that annoy and nothing is better than good netting to keep the creature at a distance during the night. " Pebbonaih."-Jonos is going to England. Mr. Uardcush has gone in the Omar Pasha. Smith didn't have any place to go to, and no money to go there with, so he has gone mad. Owing to the unaccountable absence of the cook this morning, Mrs. Fas Tidious was compelled to go into the kitchen and got breakfast. Hopes are entertained of her recovery. Miss Anthrope's King Charles' poodle has had a fortune to fall to him in England. He is doing well!. Ham Patrick's building a new chimney to his humpy. Stilta had a sun- stroke last week. He says he has had everything now except a competency. Suwbuck Dick has returned from his two-year' visit to the Penitentiary much improved in health. He will resume the business of wood chopping at his old stand. Not long since a green looking countryman walked into the office of Dr. 0. X. Jackson, the chemist. Dr. Jackson, I presume," said he. "Yes, sir," " Are you alone ?" " Yes, sir." " May I of the door? and he did so and after having looked behind the sofa and satisfied himself that no one else was in the room, he placed a large bundle, done up in a yellow bandanna on the table and opened it. "There, doctor, look at that. "Well," said the doctor, I see it." "What do you call them, doctor?" " I call it iron pyrites." " What!" said the man, " isn't that stuff gold ?" " No," said the doctor, " it's good for nothing ; it's pyrites ; " and putting some over the fire in a shovel, it ovapo raced up the chimney. " Wal," said the poor fellow, with a woebegone look, " thoro'B a widow woman up in our town who Iiub a whole hill full of that, and I've been and married her." Puk aching under Difficulties Arch bishop Parker once preached a long sermon under great difficulties. He was a rare and fearless speaker to the people." Thorough gentleman, he know how to treat, lead, and subdue a mob. In Kit's Norfolk rebellion Parker preached to the rebels from a stage beneath their own oak, and he preached at full length against them and their rebellion. Some of the hotter spirits got beneath the stage, and, through the interstices of the planks, pricked his feet with their pikes, and kept the preacher in continual movement to avoid them. But he did not cause holding forth against them, nor did he lose patience nor dignity. His wild congrega- tion Unshod by listening to Parkes with respect, and they dismissed him without injury or insult. -" Saints and Sinners." Physicians' Fees The Athenaeum in a paper on the medical profession, considers it is time a change were effected with regard to food that a young physician should be permitted to take less than the orthodox guinea, and a phy- sician of established reputation be at liberty to demand more. In point of fact, however, the scale of payment does vary considerably. There are physicians and consulting surgeons who expect a guinea at each visit ; there are others, with a reputation equally high, who see their pation 13 twice for the same Bum. Moreover, if a physician attends a consultation, he makes his own terms, and the sum expected is intimated to the friends of the patient through the family doctor. To general practitioners still greater freedom is allowed. They charge what they please for medicine and attendance, and often in proportion to the wealth or supposed wealth of their patients. The animal bill is seldom disputed, for who would wish to have an altar cation with his doctor and it rarely happens that a clover medical man loses practice in consequence of the exorbitant of his charges. Wo shrug our shoulders, perhaps, and grumble, but are consoled by the thought that if our apothecary TomkinB, charges more for his attendance than Messrs. Smith and Brown, his superior skill entitles him to a higher remuneration. It is so comfortable to believe that we have made a wiser choice than some of our neighbors, and so reasonable that we should be required to pay something extra for the comfort. After all, the fashion adopted in the far East has much to recommend it. Better to pay a doctor for keeping us in sound health than for relieving us in sickness. 