TOPICS OF THE DAY. By the Coorong we have papers from Melbourne to the 19th, and Sydney to the 16th instant. The Full Court will sit on Monday, that being the first day of term. By reference to our report of Supreme Court proceedings it will he seen that the cele brated Moonta trial is at an cod. We are sorry to hear that Mr. E. R. Misford, editor of Pagquin, has been confined to bis house for somo days by low fever. We are requested to call attention to to an announcement in tbe Advertiser inti mating the inteudcd sale of the Southern Argus newspaper. An advertisement informs the public that the timely and excellent address of the Chairman of the Baptist Union has been pub lished in a cheap form for general circulation. On enquiry at the Hospital, on Friday evening, we were informed that tbe little boy 50 seriously injured at the Congregational Sunday school picnic, the previous day, was getting on nicely. Our Melbourne Correspondent's letter, published this morning, gives full particulars of the late disastrous floods in Victoria, the wreok of the Victoria, Tower, and other matters of interest. The third and last of the series of Assembly Balls took place, in the Town Hall, on Friday evening, October 22. There was a large number of ladies and gentlemen present, and dancing was kept op till an advanced hour. At the adjourned meeting of the Mer cantile Marine Insurance Company, held at the Masonic Hall, King William- street, oa Friday, the remainder of the clauses in the deed of settlement were gone through, and the meeting closed. j We see by Launceston telegrams in the : Art/us that Mr. lanley Norman, who was well known in this colony ss an accomplished musician, died ou the 16th instant, from the bursting of a blood- vessel. Some dissatisfac tion is expressed that there was no inquest held. We hare seen at Mr. Perryman's eliop, Sing William-street, about an ounce of gold obtained by two sons of Mr. George Burton, in the neighborhood of Mount Pleasant. The Cold was got by sinking on waste lands, and s number of diggers are working about the spot where tbe find was made, some of them having, we understand, gone down a considerable depth. A short time before 5 o'clock yesterday morning we received a telegram from our beach reporter announcing the arrival of the Yatala, which has been looked for for some days. A subsequent telegram—too late to correct the mistake, however—informed us that the arrival was the Glen Osmond, having male a capital voyage of 75 days, under her smart new Captain, Mr. Marchant. The Committee appointed to assist the Government in the shipment of an experimental cargo to India, met again on Friday morning, and made some progress. Of course, as business men, their first enquiry was whether a cargo could be guaranteed ; as without the certainty of a cargo it would be rash to charter freight. We believe the first point is now pretty well secured, and that 250 or 300 tons of flour will, in all probability, be available as part of the venture. We be£ to direct special attention to an advertisement on this subject in this day's Advertiser. The terms of the Hack Hurdles, to follow tiie other events of to-day at Thebar ton, are announced to be as follows:—Once round tbe Course, over five jumps, catch weights, post entrance, for five nova., added to a sweep of one soy. There will also be a Hurryskurry. In the Maiden Steeplechase Mr. W. D. Fishorjwill ride Monk, Mr. E. Ward Jolly Dog, and Geo. AlfordLauncelof. Skyscraper's pilot is not definitely chosen. The admission to the Grand Stand and saddling paddock will be half-a-cro wn; and for horsemen or vehicles to the ground, one shilling. With reference to the crops in Victoria, we gather the following items:—According to the Geelong Advertiser it is gratifying to see the change which has taken place in the crops in that locality since the last rainfall. Fanners are beginning to think that their prospect? are not bo bad. From Gipps Land we learn that many of the crops in the low lands are now too heavy, but those on the higher grounds are in a healthy condition. The GtenviUe Advocate re grets that the copious rains which visited the northern part of the colony have not extended^ to any great extent, to the west, and states that the result is disastrous to the squatters and farmers there. A sad accident happened near the Sod Hut Inn, on the Burra-road, on Tuesday even ing last, to Mrs. Forbes, of Kapunda, who was travelling to the Burra in a trap driven by Mr. 'Williams, of Waterloo. From some unknown cause the horse commenced kicking, and after throwing the driver out, smashed the vehicle and looked Mrs. Forbes on the thigh just above the knee, producing a fracture of the bone. Whilst trying to escape from the trap she at tempted to use the broken limb, and thus forced the bone two inches through the flesh. She was conveyed on a mattrass in a spring dray, by Mr. Need, of Gadstone, to the Sod Hut Ino, where, under {die care of Dr. Dashwood, she is progressing very favorably. On Thursday evening, 21st, a lecture was delivered by Mr. Wm. Townsend, M.P., in Victoria Schoolroom, Morphett Vale—James : Clark, Esq., J.P., in the chair ; and when we say the subject was the " lights and Shadows of IJondon Laf c,"-we ' almost think it snperfloiu to state that the room was crowded, and every one was amused and instructed. Mr. Hale, from Noarlonga, very kindly interspersed the proceedings with , music, which added to the pleasure of the even- . ing. Judging from the attendance, the proceeds, whioh are to go to reduce the debt on the schoolroom, will be consider Able. The lecturer was Ciixirly worthy of the vote of thanks accorded by the meeting, which was numerous and influential. The literary and musical entertainment 1 at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in aid of the building fond of the Presbyterian Church, on Thursday evening, was well attended in the body cf tiw Hal], but aot m in the gallery 1 I His Worship the Mayor gave tte usual address, and a cleverly written prologue was spoken fay Mr. Weir. The various musical portions of the entertainment, and tte readings and rec* totions, were well rendered by tbe ladies and gentlemen who kindly offered their services for the occasion. It would not be good taste to a-riticifle amateurs, but we weremuch pleased with the " Hymn of the Moravian Nuns," and also with the fire and spirit witfa which the " Battle of KilUecrankie'' was deUvered, wbicb was substituted for some otter part of tbepro gramme. Tlie proceedings wound up witfa thanks to the Chairman and "God Save tfao Queen." The exhibition of prize beef in Hind marsh must indeed be a treat to all lovers of gastronomy, and would feast the eyes even of a civie alderman. First and foremost is tte white bullock exhibited by Messrs. Johns k Sons, which took a prize at tte la-e show. This splendid beast was bred by Mr. Malcolm, of Lake Alexandrina, and after the show realised within a few pounds the priee obtained for tfaat purchased by Mr. Ballantyne. This noble animal, now defunct, weighs 1,304 lbs., the loose fat alone weighing 131 lbs., the meat being as fine as possible. Neither must we forget to mention the fine heifer shown by Mi. Tho-oas Saunders. This, though not so gigantic as its neighbor, is of splendid quality, and weighs 705 lbs. It was fed by Mr. MedwelL of the Meadow*. The slaughtering of these fine animals was quite an event in 13-~-_iar_-_-sh on Thursday night, and it will not be difficult to guess what all flindmarsh will have far dinner on Sunday. The following ia trom the (hisuiagai Times .-—?" We learn that a ghost has come to dwell amongst us. We cannot, as yet, indicate the spectre's residence, if it has one, but tfae culvert familiarly termed Bennett's Folly, on tbe sideling of Mount Parnassus, r-eems one of its haunts, as we have been informed that on Sunday evening last a gentleman test dent in onr locality who was riding past this spot was there confronted by the supernatural visitant. It rose apparently from nnder tte culvert, tall, shadowy, and witt a livid, phos phoric light playing about it, such as a bad fish hung in a dark place exhibits. As tte shape approached the startled steed reared, and the •rider's hair stood on end ; but the apparition seemed to pass under tte horse, and disappeared with a faint hollow sound-like a distant dying groan. We need not say the horseman made all haste to quit the spot. .But we may add that another party avers that he has seen this spectre iu the same plaoe, that it passed him by like a flash of fire, and that he thought his wbi*kers were singed off by it. So far this is satisfactory—every place ought to be ca4ebr-ated for something, and a well-authenticated local ghost would add something to our township's reputation." A most successful temperance meeting took place in the Baptist Chapel, Grassy Flat, on Wednesday, October 20. Mr. Phillips occu pied the chair, and briefly spoke of tte tempe rance cause. Mr. H. Tapscott urged tte duty of shunning tte into-dcating cup as a bane and a curse, and he hoped this stumbling-block would be removed from the way of offending brothers. Mr. Palmer explained that the object of the meeting was to open, if possible, a tent in connection with the ItechaJbite Sooth Australian District. Mc J. Bole was proud of the cause of tempen-ocs, and did not believe in the driDking system. He pointed out the benefits accrning from Bechabite societies. Mt. A* Bai-oiveld made a very appropriate address, expressing bis earnest hope that all Christians present would show their sympathy with the cause, which had for its object tte -raising of our fallen brothers. He argued from Bible truths that tte drinking system was opposed to the cause of religion. Hr. Oldfield gave a recitation, bearing rather hard upon the publicans. Mr. E. Black briefly advocated the system of total abstinence. A motion was carried for the formation of a society, to be called the Grassy Flat Temperance Society, and it was resolved to elect tte officers at tte next meeting. 'Thirty-five persons signed thc pledge, and the meeting adjourned to Mr. Norton's, where the friendB from town did ample justice to a sumptuous repast set be'orc them. The friends theu started off for Adelaide amidst great cheering. There will occur to-day what may be regarded as a valedictory meating on tte Thebar ton Course. It has arisen out ofa desire expressed at the termination of the run on the " last day" of the season, to have one more spurt across country, if only for fun spiced with a moderate sweep.takes. Four entries have been made for the steeplechase, four for the Flat Race, and it is expected that the Hack Hurdl*s and tte Flat Hurryskurry v-il each fill well* A good day's sport may therefore be anticipated, and there will no doubt be a large assemblage to enjoy it, and st tbe same time to tate a final and sad farewell of Thebarton Course. It would be difficult to specify tte absolute favorite for tbe Steeple*.*-*-*, as Monk and Lanncelot are both in demand at 2 to 1, while not more than 3 to 1 can be obtained about Jolly Dog. Mr. W. D. Fitter will ride Monk, and Mr. E. Ward Jolly Dog, as at tte late meeting; but Gordon's mount on Lanncelot will be assigned to George Alford, a young but accomplished professional. Sky_M*r*_per's rider is unknown. Planet aud Leapyear divide public favor for the Handicap Flat Bace; but there are some wbo pin their faith to the stranger, 'yclept the Duke of Wellington. Ad mission to the Course and Stand will be at million prices, and a very jolly afternoon may be depended upon. We subjoin tbe progra-anie of the day:— ALuDEt. Steeplechase. — Sweepstakes of 5 sovb. each. Two miles (Hunters' Stakes Course), for all horses that have never won a race. Welter weights for age. Professional riders 5 lb*, extra. Second horse to save his stake. Mr. A. L. Gordon's b. g. Launcelot, late Dan O'Connell, aged, tartan jacket, black cap (Geo. Alford). Mr. EL Ward's r. g. Jolly Dog, aged, lavender jacket, scarlet hoop, lavender cap, scarlet band (Mr. E. Ward). Hon. J. Baker's br. g. Monk, aged, orange and black stripe jacket, and black cap (Mr. W. V. Fisher). Mr. G. Bennett's c g. Sl-yscraper, 5 yra. Fj-AT Bace.—Plate of £10. for all horses. One mile and a half. Handicap. Enteuice, 1 sov. Mr. C. Mallen's ch. Planet, 3 yrs., 7 st 4 lbs. Mr. P. McEnhill'e cm. Coquette, aged, 7 st. 8 lbs. Mr. Jackson's br.g. Duke of Wellington, 6 yrs., 8 st. 4 lbs. Mr. R. S. Low's b.g. Leapyear, 5 yrs., 8 st 10 lbs. Hubbtskcbbt HuKDLE** —A sweep of 1 sov., with 5 sovs. added. One mile and a half over five jumps. Catch weights. Post er___Ea_.ee. Hubbtskubbt. —A sweep of 1 sov., with — sevs. added. One mile and a half. Catch weights. Post entraace. On Sunday, October 17, anniversary sermons of Brighton Wesleyan Sabbath School were preached in the morning and evening by the Rev. T. Edmeades. In the afternoon of the same day the children recited several very interesting and instructive pieces, interspersed by several pieces of music prepared for the occasion, Miss Baker presiding at the harmonium ; the children re ceiving as rewards merited during the year books to the amount of £13. On the following Monday there was a public tea meeting, and at the time announced there was a large atten dance of friends met to do justice to the good things so liberally provided by the ladies of Brighton. After tea a public meeting commemced, presided over by Mr. Twigg, of Adelaide. Singing and prayer being offered by the Rev. S. Knight, he introduced the Chairman, who was loudly welcomed. The Chairman expressed his plea sure at being present to preside over such an interesting meeting, especially one having for its object the spiritual instruction of the young, and urged the necessity of co-operation of the parents with the teachers in their important labors. After the choir had sung, the Secre tary's (Mr. T. Baker's) report showed the school to be in a satisfactory state. Mr A. Baker, the Superintendent, was called upon to move the adoption of the report, he expressing thankfulness to God for what had been done during the past year. God had been pleased to own their feeble efforts in seeing 22 of the children brought to a saving interest in Christ, which encouraged them still to go on in the good work. Report carried unanimously. The Revs. Newman and Burgess dwelt most ably on the importance of Sabbath-schools, urging the necessity of those engaged therein to further activity in so glorious a work, and that those engaged in teaching the young should be men and women converted to God. Mr. W. Edwards moved—" That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Chairman, to the Hon. J. Crozier for a gift of oranges ; to Mr. Fiveash, of Coromandel Valley, for his kindness in placing at the disposal of the Committee the use of his paddocks for the pic-nic to be held on Wednesday; and to the ladies for the bountiful provision supplied." Seconded by G. Richards, and carried unanimously. Collections were made at each service, and resulted satisfac torily. The meeting closed by the Rev. S. Knight pronouncing the benediction. On Wed nesday morning by half-past 8 Brighton possessed quite an animated appearance. Vehicles were to be seen wending their way to the church and by a quarter to 9, being well loaded, set off for Coromandel Valley. On arriving, the old and the young together set to work amusing them selves with cricket, swings, and games. At about 12 the children were supplied with sand wiches and buns; at 4 tea was provided, at the close of which a game of scrambling com menced, Mr. Baker, tte Superintendent, being well up in this department of dis posing of lollies, oranges, apples, and almonds, the big children enjoying the fun too. Cheers were given on the ground to Mr. and Mrs. Fiveash for the use of the paddocks, to Mr. Murray for throwing his factory open to those who might wish to see the biscuit pro cess, and to the Hon. J. Crozier for another supply of oranges; the teachers and children not forgetting their old Superintendent, gave him and Mrs. Baker a hearty three cheers. This closed one of the most successful school anniversaries we have had.—Communicated. 