THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO THE CLARENCE RIVER. [FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER] If the clerk of tho weather had been specially appealed to, and had consented to act as master of the ceremonies on the occasion of tho.Governor's visit to the Clarence River, his Excellency's journey to that noble stream could not have been made under a brighter sky or upon a smoother sea. When the Agnes Irving with her distinguished passongers on board - and with a very full. cargo of ordinary mortals besides - left tho Grafton Wharf there was a slight breeze from tho westward, just sufficient to ruffle the waters, and the night was clear and cold. Just outside the Heads there was a heavy roll, but hardly more than enough to indicate that the swells of the city were among the swells of the ocean, and that the latter mildly resented the intrusion. His Excellency thc Governor was accompanied hy tho. Countess of Belmore, Miss Gladstone, and Captain Beresford ; and it may be interesting to the general public to know that the whole party were more or less sufferers from sea- sickness. In fact, it seems that the mal de mer is quite as indiscrimi- nating in his attacks as even Death himself. The most aristocratic digestion occasionally quails beneath his touch, and even a belted Earl might occasionally, with comfort to himself, take a vulgar Cockle's pill as a preventative to nausea. This is a consoling circumstance., and I am sure that, for my own part, the pangs of sea-sickness will, in future, be shorn of half their miseries. Nothing of any importance happened during our brief voyago, which lasted for some thirty-six hours. The sea was as smooth as glass, and when a few miles south of the Clarence River Heads, the motion of the ship was scarcely perceptible. We arrived off the Heads about half-past nine, and saw - in the shape of an impromptu flagstaff with a couple of streamers floating therefrom - the first indication of the welcome which his Excellency was about to receive. While approaching the entrance to the bay, the Agnes Irving wes decked out in all her available finery, rows of flags stretched from bowsprit to fore peak, from masthead to masthead, and thence to the taffrail at the stern. The royal standard flew from tho main truck, and the union jack was hoisted at the fore, while flags of every colour, shape, and size decorated the rigging. All these in the bright sunshine looked very gay, and the scene lit up by the same beautifying influence was by no means un- lovely. It will not do, however, to describe the scene in this place. I should be too pathetic, and as this is a sort of semi-official business, pathos would be quite out of place. The Agnes Irving should, according to Captain Creer's calculations, have reached the Clarence River Heads at daylight on the morning of Wednesday. She was not over the bar, however, until nearly 10 o'clock, the delay being caused by the inferior quality of the coal burnt in her furnaces. The ship is usually coaled at Newcastle, but on this trip, in order to avoid delay at that port, she was coaled in Sydney, and sailed thence direct to Grafton. At about a quarter before 10 o'clock, she stopped for a moment in the mouth of the river, in order to take on board two passengers who came off from Wooli in tho pilot boat. These passengers were Captain R. B. Hill, the Police Magistrate of Grafton, and Mr. A. Lardner, J.P., who came down to the Heads for tho pur- pose of welcoming his Excellency to the district - which they did with much satisfaction. A couple of small brass cannon had been lashed to the catheads of the steamer, and these were discharged with great effect when the vessel was opposite Woolli. The Salute was not unrecognised, for two or three residents of the locality came down to the shore, fired guns, waved their hats, and cheered in a very enthusiastic manner. His Excellency, who came on deck before the "Agnes" reached tho bar, did not go below again, but looked at the river and the scrub-clad banks thereof with much patience There was not much of the picturesque about the lower portion of the Clarence, and save the vast expanses of water stretching away far among the foliage on all sides, as if there were a dozen rivers instead of one, the first glance at that noble stream is not imposing. There was soon, however, a change for the better. After a few miles had been traversed, the banks began to rise, the forests to look more green, and the cultivation to appear in patches among the scrubs. The cultivated land was not seen at its best. The corn had been pulled long since, and there was little to be seen upon the clearings but dismal arrays of maize stalks. Very few people were to be seen until the vessel reached Ross's Wharf at Palmer's Island, where great preparations had been made for the Governor's reception. On approaching the place the two brass can- nons were fired, and responded to by a cracking of mus- ketry and the cheers of a small crowd collected at the land- ing place. There was a sort of triumphal arch upon the wharf, and there were all sorts of decorations about the buildings in the vicinity. The arch, if so it might be called, con- sisted of two poles, between which a large white banner was hung displaying tho words, "Welcome Earl Belmore to the Clarence," in gay letters. A small flag, somewhat the worse for wind and weather, floated from the end of a stick placed slantwise upon tho wharf, and expressions of loyalty of that small section of the public in the refrain to the National Anthem. But the most remarkable and in- teresting decoration of the whole was a group of aboriginals, who were gathored together hard by, and submitted to be stored at with aboriginal placidity. These children of nature were very much au naturel. They were not so clean as might have been desired by per- sons fastidious in such matters ; and, "as lords of the soil," retained more of their estate about their persons than was quite consistent with the com- fort of their neighbours. Costumes were more varied among them than elegant, and there was a superfluity of headdress and an absence of breeches which would have been rather startling to civilised society. They looked ex- ceedingly miserable, and certainly could not have impressed his Excellency with any favourable ideas as to the personnel of the original proprietors of the Clarence district. He seemed to think them great curiosities, and expressed a wish to see a corroboree before he left the district. As the steamer left the wharf three hearty cheers were given - one for the Governor, one for Lady Belmore, and one, strange to say, for the Agnes Irving. The two former were replied to by bows from his Excellency, but the last remained an unacknowledged and wasted courtesy. The progress s up tho river was marked by tho demonstra- tion of the settlers upon the banks, who ran out of their huts, fired guns, flung up their hats, and indulged in other gesticulations popularly supposed to be expressive of ex- treme joy. At some places squads of loyal fellows were drawn up in a line, and as the steamer glided past fired a salute. The feat was not always accomplished with mili- tary precision, but was quite as effective. Brownlea's Hotel, near Rocky Mouth, was gaily decorated with flags and evergrccns, the former bearing mottoes appropriate to the occasion. Brownlea's Wharf was also ornamcnted with cornstalks, sugar canes, and flags. The steamer stopped at each township on the way up, and at each there was a crowd collected for the purpose of doing honour to the Governor. His Excellency did not land anywhere until he roached Ulmarra. Below Rocky Mouth there were two or three vessols lying at anchor, and these were dressed up for the occasion, some of them as gaily as the Agnes Irving herslef. Cameron's Wharf, at Rocky Mouth, was very prettily ornamented with flags and evergreens; and "Welcome" stared the Governor in the face from a couple of poles, on which a flag bearing that motto worked in flowers was suspended. Of course there was a crowd upon the wharf ; of course there was a repeti- tion of the cheering and gun-firing ; and, of course, these loyal outbursts wero suitably acknowledged. Just above the wharf lay the Leonidas schooner, with her rigging decorated with many hued flags, and her crew assiduously contributing to the general clamour. A few miles farther on the steamer Susannah Cuthbert on her way to Sydney was passed, and just afterwards his Excellency received the greetings of a crowd of people who were on board Mr. Campbell's new drogher which had got up steam for the occasion, and came to meet us dresscd in her very loudest colours. As we passed, the party on board the little vessel gavo the inevitable cheers, and then followed in our wake the small steamer, puffing along with an asthmatic energy which was quite exhilarating. Just above the place where this meeting took place, the iron schooner Prince of Wales was moored alongside the bank. At the Elbow, or what is known as the township of Lawrence, there was to have been a grand demonstration. Rumours of tbe affair had gone down the river and came on board the steamer at the Heads. It was said that an address waa to be pre- sentcd, and that a deputation was to present it. Expccta- tion was aroused, therefore, and as the steamer neared Curry's Wharf her passengers began to look out for the deputation. Nothing of the kind, however, was in sight. There was row of settlers upon tho wharf "making ready" to fire salute, which they presently did with much success, Thero was a group of spectators upon the high ground at the rear ; and there was a collection of enigmatical placards upon a building near the water. But there was no deputa- tion, unless an impulsive gentlemen in a green sash, a blue rosette, and a high state of nervous excitement might be taken for one. This gentleman said he had the "depu- tation" in his pocket, but it turned out that the article he referred to was a dirty piece of paper on which was written (apparently with teo point of a skewer) a host of congratulations and welcomes addreasscd to the "Right Honorable Somerset Richard Earl of Belmore." The gentleman in the sash made several determined efforts to converse with his Excellency ; ran on board tho steamor, gave chase to Captain Beresford, who cruelly avoided him, and at last addressed an old gentleman who was one of the passengers -" You're very welcome to the Clarence, Mr, Governor.'' Tho mistako being discovered, the green sash went for a time into obscurity, but reappeared in a ghost like manner upon tho quarter-deck, right in front of his Excellency, who was seated there with Lady Belmore. The impulsive gentleman had a brief interview and retired to the wharf, where in company with a small but vigorous body of assistants, he fired away a considerable quantity of blank cartridge. The building upon the wharf was, as I said before, studded with isolated strips of calico, upon each of which the name of a virtue was printed. Thus, there appeared " Economy" cheek by jowl with "Unity" and "Charity," jostling "Wisdom," and a large variety of the sister virtues sur- rounding the word " Welcome." Tho arrangement was certainly unique and puzzling. Whether the virtues were intended to apply to the residents of the neighbourhood, and the welcome to his Excellency, or whether it was in- tended to express that his Excellency practised economy, charity, and tho remainder of the scale remain un- solved mysteries. The Agnes Irving remained for some minutes nt this wharf, and when she castoff, the gentleman with the sash and his retainers fired a volley and sprang on board. They were very much in the way. They loaded their guns, walked about tho deck, created an immense sensation by marching on to tho bridge in single file, with their firearms at full cook, and on being sent away from thence by Captain Creer, took refuge upon the main deck, where they burnt powder in considerable quantities. At Davison's Wharf, which is a little beyond the one just spoken of, the gentleman in the green sash met about a dozern other gentlomen in green sashes. This was the "deputation" at last, and it was introduced to his Excellency as a selection from the "Royal Foresters of Lawrence!" and it presented an improved edition of the address before reforred to, to which his Excellency made in courteous reply. At Brushgrove there were a good many persons upon tho wharf, a good deal of deooration and much fiiring and shouting. The noise was aided very effectively by discharges from a blacksmith's anvil which gave as loud a report as a small field gun. At this place Mr. Campbell's droghor discharged her pass- engers and went to her moorings which were here situated. Nothing further occurred until the Agnes reached Ulmarra, where great preparations had been made to receive the Governor with becoming honour. Flags were flying from every available pole, "welcomes" showed themselves on all sides, and evergreons were distributed about the buildings. The new sugar mill - now named "The Belmore Sugar Mill" - was gaily decorated. From it to the wharf a double row of children from tho neighbouring Public school extended. On the wharf was a white banner with tho words "Welcome Earl and Countess ' Belmore" embroidered upon it. There was a numerous gathering of the local residents, including about a score of blacks, who were in the same condition as their smutty compeers of Palmer's Island. The droghor "Ramornie" was at tho wharf, having come down from Grafton with a party of gentlemen interested in the new sugar mill - which establishment his Excellency had pro- mised formally to open. Tho Governor landed here, and accompanied by tho Countess, Miss Gladstone, Captain Beresford, and most of the passengers from the steamer, went up to the mill. He was loudly cheered on landing, and at tho door of the mill was presented with an address by Mr. Small, the manager of the works. Having replied to this his Excellency and party inspected the mill, passed several canes through tho rollers, and named the establishment "Tho Belmore Sugar Works." At present the place is not complete. The engine was not worked, but the rollers were set in motion by the efforts of about twenty men, who tugged at along rope attached to the crank. I send with this a short description of the mill, which seems to be fitted with most costly machinery, and fully provided for sugar-making, The sugar association to which it belongs is a local company started in a very enterprising way, and as it is thought with every hope of success. They havo purchased over 100 acres of cane, and will commence operations on the 1st September next. At nbout twenty minutes past 4 o'clock in the afternoon the Agnes Irving reached Grafton. There was not a large crowd at the landing place, a report having been spread in some inscrutable way to tho effect that the Governor would not land until the following morning. This rumour had deceived even tho persons in authority, for they made no preparations for the reception that night. His Excellency went ashore in a quiet way therefore, and without any blazes of triumph or loyal noises. Ho and his suite stopped at Holmsten's Hotel, where apartments had been engaged for them. In the evening the Hon. John Robert- son, with Mr. T. Garrett, M.L.A., arrived from Armidale, having ridden through to Grafton in two days - rather hard work for the riders, to say nothing of the horses, the distance being about 140 miles, and the road not by any means good. The honorable gentle- man had some difficulty in procuring quarters. He found all the hotels full, but was lucky enough to get accommodation at Mr. Creer's Hotel, the name of which I forgot. The town was in a state of intense excite- ment. Transparencies were being fitted in the main streets; Chinese lanterns were to be seen in all directions; coloured lamps were disposed in pretty shapes, and candles were set in th windows of nearly all the houses in Grafton ; flags floated from every roof almost, and some of the hotels were completely swathed in these gaudy draperies. At the corner of Victoria and Prince streets there was a triumphal arch - not the most beautiful thing in the world, but I dare say sufficiently expensive to be good ; it was built after the design of one of the aldermen of the town - a gentleman whoso taste is, I should think, severe and abhorrent of ornament. On Thursday morning the official landing took place. His Excellency and suite having walked on board the steamer walked on shore again, and were met on the wharf by the Mayor and Aldermen, who presented an address, to which his Excellency, of course, courteously replied. The party then "moved on" amid the cheers of the populace and the banging of the Agnes Irving's cannon. The Governor and his party went to their hotel, and prepa- rations were made for a levee, which was held at noon. At this levee addresses were presented by the magistrates or the district, tho committee of the Grafton Hospital, the officers of the Clarence Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Association; the members of the Palmerston Lodge of Freemasons, No. 1118, E.C. ; the Loyal Star of the East Lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, M.U. ; the Court Clarence No. 434, Royal Foresters; the Ancient Order of Foresters, the Clarence River German Club, and the Grafton Division Guiding Star Sons of Temperance. All magistrates re- ceived cards of entree, and the Countess and Miss Glad- stone were present at the levee. In the afternoon the vice-regal party took a ride round the suburbs, and visited all the public buildings. They were accompanied by Mr. Robertson, Mr. Garrett, the Mayor of Grafton, and all the leading townspeople, who formed a very lengthy escort. After inspecting the Custom- house, School of Arts, Public school, Court-house, gaol, and hospital, the party rode out to tho junction, went along Carr's Creek, and returned to town by way of Dugdale. In the evening a dinner was given to his Excellency at Jacob's Hotel, a report of which you will find appended hereto. As soon as it grow dark, the town was lit up, and all was "revelry and joy." There was a tremendous dis- play. What with coloured lumps, Chinese lanterns, can- dles, transperancies, and fireworks. Grafton seemed sud- denly transformed into a wild sort of Pandemonium.The general effect was very fine, and it was wonderful to note the unanimity with which the people "lit up". Soon after eight o'clock thore - was a torchlight proces- sion of the Germans, and very effective it was - a sort of sight to put one in mind of Dante's "Inferno," or something as weird as the witch scences in Macbeth. The torch bearers were accompanied by a noisy troop of boys, who added much to the clamour. The pro- cession marched to Holmstein's, and there a deputation from the body presented to his Excellency an address to which the Governor replied. The procession then departed, and marched to the other side of tho town, and about half an hour afterwards his Excellency, with Captain Beresford and the Hon. John Robertson, went to THE DINNER. Considering the short time for preparation, Mr. Jacobs having received twelve hours' notice to serve the feast, an excellent dinner was provided. The at- tendance was not so numerous as was expected, and the tables were by no means full. About fifty gentlemen, however, sat dawn, and contributed as successfully to their own and their neighbours' enjoyment as if there had been a most crowded assemblage. The Mayor of Grafton, Mr. T. Bawden, occupied tho chair. Upon his right sat the Governor, and upon his left the Hon. John Robertson, and among the company were Captain Beresford, Captain Hill, Police Magistrate of Grafton, Mr. McKellar, Mr. T. Fisher, Mr. Joseph Page, Mr. Grant, Mr. Mylne, Mr. Day, Mr. Meillon, Rev. Father Johnson, and many other gentlemen. After due attention had been paid to the substantial portion of the banquet, " the feast of reason and the flow of soul " a more Barmecial but equally popular kind of entertain- ment - began. Tho MAYOR, as Chairman, proposed the toasts of " The Queen," and "The Prince of Wales and the Royal Family " - pledges which were loyally and heartily recognised in the usual cheering manner. After these formal toasts had been given, The CHAIRMAN said that as he knew the guests were anxious to get on to the more important toasts of the evening, he should hurry through the preliminaries as fast as possible. He would now ask them to charge their glasses and drink "The Army and Navy." (Cheers.) The toast was received with great cheers. Captain BERESFORD briefly responded on behalf of the Army, observing that he agreed with the remark made by tho Mayor as to their being pressed for time, and that he should, therefore, content himself with the briefest ex- pression of his thanks for the kind manner in which the health of the army had been drunk. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN said he would now ask them to charge their glasses, in order to drink the toast of the evening. (Cheers.) He was sure they would drink it in bumpers. lt was not necessary for him to say very much about the toast he had to propose, for he was sure that they all, as residents of this district, felt honoured by the presence among them of his Excellency tho Governor. (Cheers.) This was a proud day for the Clarence River and for Grafton. (Cheers.) It appeorcd to him to be tho com- mencement of a brighter future for the Clarence than we might have anticipated a few years ago. (Hear, hear.) It convinced him that the Government was beginning to re- cognise this as an important district of the colony. (Cheers.) [A voice : They must shortly.] A gentleman said "they must." No doubt they must. As the population increased, this district must be made what nature destined it to be, one of the best districts in the colony. (Cheers.) [A voice, "the best."] Our voice would now be heard at the seat of the central government - a circumstance that was not experienced some few years back. (Hear, hear.) It was only within the last three or four years that we had had anything at all done for this district by this gentle Government. The Clarence district had been almost un- known in Sydney ; and he know that many persons had actually confused the Clarence River with Clarence Town on the Hunter, imagining that they had to go up the Hunter to reach this place, as if there were no river in the colony but the Hunter. (Hear, hear.) He was sure that all felt proud of the presence of his. Excellency the Governor. He hoped his Excellency's reception had been satisfactory to himself and to his noble lady, (Cheers.) And he hoped that before his Excellency left the colony we should have him amongst us again and again. (Cheers.) If we had given him satis- faction to-day, he was quite sure we should give him still greater satisfaction if he visited us again. (Cheers.) He was sure that most of us felt that the reception of that day had not been what it should have been considering the occasion. But the notice was short. We had no oppor- tunity of making arrangements except by telegram. We had no mail for a week after it was known that his Ex- cellency intended to visit us ; and, under the circumstances, we could not have made better preparations than we did. He must apologise to his Excellency for the defects that might have been apparent in the demonstration ; but, at the same time, he hoped his Excellency was satisfied with it, considering the hurried manner in which it was done. He asked them to drink the health of his Excellency the Earl of Belmore. (Loud cheers.) The toast was drunk with three cheers. His EXCELLENCY, on rising to respond, was greeted with enthusiastic cheers. He said: Mr. Mayor and gentlemen, I riso to return you my most heartfelt thanks for tho very kind and warm manner in which you have received the toast of my health. (Cheers.) And I wish to thank you and the inhabitants of this district for the very cordial - I may almost say splendid reception given to me on this occasion. (Cheers.) Mr. Mayor has observed that you had a short notice of my intention to visit you. It was not in my power to give you a long notice. I have before me a voyage to a part of the world that I am, through circum- stances, called upon to govern - I mean Norfolk Island - a place lying about 500 or 600 miles out to sea. I am called upon to pay a visit to that place at the earliest opportunity, and have been looking forward for many months to such an opportunity. I expected that about this time I should be there ; but I was not able to go, and having some time to spare, I thought proper to avail myself of the time to spare to visit this district. (Cheers.) I was, therefore, not able to give so long a notice as I might otherwise have done, and as you would have liked. I am glad to have taken this opportunity to come here, for it has enabled me to form a correct notion of the capabilities of the Clarence River district. I have now been able to visit the colony both south, west, and northward, and where- ever I have been I have found the ideas I had formed of the different districts from description was not a correct one, but always more or less incorrect. I did not form a more correct notion of this district than of any other. In this district I find you have a fertile soil along the banks of the river, and I am told it is a soil suitable for the production of certain species of crops, particularly maize ; and also that the sugar cane cultivation is being firmly established among you. I am sure I bope the industry will be firmly established here and take root in the district. (Cheers.) The whole of the staple industries of the colony have suffered great depression, and it is a good thing to get another "iron into tho fire," and have a new industry established in the colony. (Cheers.) In addition to what your land will produce I have reason to believe that another thing hos increased rapidly here, and that is the population. (Hear, hear.) That is a good thing. Unless you have population, you cannot do a great deal anywhere; and I hope the population established in this district will prove itself an industrious painstaking population. (Cheers.) However rich the country may be, however much blessed with natural advantages, unless the people are energetic it is pretty sure not to prosper. On tho other hand, if the people are energetic and straightforward, a good deal may be done to obviate natural disadvantages ; and I may vcnturo to hope that in this district there may be found energy and industry which will develop thoroughly the resources of the country. (Cheers.) On my way up the river, I had the pleasure of what I may call perhaps "opening" a new sugar mill. It is a great think to find where a new industry has only lately spread itself, that the people go thoroughly into the matter, and begin not only to grow, but manufacture upon tho spot. I am sure the mill which I saw is only the precursor of what will follow hereafter ; and I may say with truth that I entertain hopes that this district will be, in wealth and importance, second to none in New South Wales. (Cheers.) The Mayor in the course of his remarks very sensibly urged the wants of the district, and complained of the neglect of the Government. I belong to a country where people were always talking of what tho Government has to do for them, and I have found that, where they asked for such constant aid, they were generally dissatisfied with the Government. People should put their own shoulders to the wheel, and not lean upon the central Government. If the people here deter- mined not to depend upon the Government, but only to ask for what they have a fair right to expect, they will not be left behind in the race by any other district. (Cheers.) I beg to return you on my own behalf, and on behalf of Lady Belmore, very hearty thanks for the noble reception you have this day given us. (Loud cheers.) Mr. McKELLAR then proposed tho health of the Hon. John Robertson, the member representing the Clarence district in the Legislature. (Cheors.) He must say that he felt gratified that he, a perfect stranger in Grafton would be invited to take the vice-chair on this occasion He scarcely knew how the toast had come to be allotted him at all. The only reason he could think of was that the toast was "the Health of Our Member," and that at the last election he (Mr. McKellar) had been made Mr. Robertson's opponent, by no wish of his own, he confessed (Cheers.) Certainly he was not a very vindictive oppo- nent (hear, hear) ; nor was he a very formidable one (laughter.) His friends had put him forward in opposi- tion to his strongly expressed wish that they should do nothing of the kind. (Hear, hear.) He thanked his friends for their mistaken kindness, but did wish they had let it alone. (Laughter.) This was the first time he had had the opportunity of telling them so, and he might therefore be excused for referring to the matter. He had two motives, for not wishing to go into tho Legislature as a representative of the people. The first was that he was not a sufficient patriot to sacrifice his own interests for the good of the country (laughter), and he was not then in a position to go into tho Assembly had he been elected. The next motive was, that even if he had wished to be elected, he knew his chance on the Clarence - the hot-bed of free election (cries of, Oh) - as the opponent of the free selector's King (laughter) - would be very bad indeed, for for the simple reason that he had the misfortune to be a squatter. (Laughter.) He recollected that, on one occasion, he had been called a "rank squatter." (Laughter.) - Well, he thought it possible to be a squatter and at the same time an honest man. (Cheers and laughter.) However, if that were an evil, he had since corrected it, for he had become a free selector himself. (Cheers.) It would be a nonsense on his part to attempt to speak in favour of Mr Robertson. Ever since the commencement of responsible government, Mr. Robert- son had been before the whole of Australia. His acts had been canvassed frequently. He had had many political battles to fight ; he had fought them well and he looked to him as if he could fight a good many more. (Cheers and laughter.) The people of the district, should be very proud of their member. His Government was the first which had attempted to retrench the public expenditure, though the proposed retrenchment would probably come heavily upon those whose salaries would be touched. The only class, howover, who seemed to him hardly treated were the clerks of petty sessions, the worst paid class of public servants in the colony. They never had any chance of advancement ; their salary was only £175 a year each, and they had to work in some cases very hard indeed. There was one clerk of petty sessions in his dis- trict who had been there for sixteen years, and was still without any prospect of promotion. He did not wish to go into these things, but only mentioned that one instance which he considered disclosed a hardship. He could say a good deal in Mr. Robertson's favour, but the night was waning fast, and he hoped they would not expect a long speech from him. Mr. Robertson himself would address them much more eloquently ; and he (Mr. McKcllar could only say that Mr. Robertson's Government was the best we had over had, and that so far from his being Mr. Robertson's opponent, he should give him his support at any time that he came forward. (Cheers.) And he thought he would be a bold man who came to the Clarence to oppose Mr. Robertson'. (Cheers.) He hoped he would go on "pros- pering and to prosper." (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with three cheers. The Hon. JOHN ROBERTSON on rising to respond was loudly cheered. He said he was much obliged to them for the manner in which they had drunk his health, and to his old friend, Mr. McKellar, for the kind manner in which he had spoken of him. Mr. McKellar had only told one part of the story of the most remarkable contest which was carried out here some years ago. It was the most remark- able contest that two men over entered upon. Mr. McKellar had told them ho did not desire to oppose him ; he (Mr. Robertson) had refused to be elected by some four or five constituencies, and had he had the opportunity of refusing this constituency he should certainly have refused it. But ahe was away at the Gulf of Carpentaria. He was away, and Mr. McKellar didn't want to be elected ; it was about the funniest battle he ever knew of. (Laughter.) It had, however, he was sure, all turned out for the best. He confessed that he had had no disposition to enter public life again. He would have much preferred to be loft out of "the ring" altogether; but when the people of the Clarenco elected him in his absence, and when he found that he couldn't resign in less time than 64 days, he thought he might just as well take his seat for that time, so that the place might not be altogether left in the lurch. During the fifty-four days he ascertained that the Government were going to bring in a new land law - were going to alter the law in certain particulars - and he wanted to know, naturally enough, in what particulars they in intended to do it ? Thus he remained, and events transpired, which perhaps it was not well to refer to in the presence of his Excellency. Ho became convinced that it was his duty to remain in Parliament, and had the distinguished honour of being called upon by his Excellency to form an adminis- tration. He did not want to talk about that now. He would prefer in view of his Excellency's visit to congratu- late the people of the Clarence upon having him here with the Countess of Belmore. (Loud cheers.) It was, in his opinion, a great honour, a great distinction to them to have to receive as guests persons so distinguished. (Chcers.) He remembered when he first came here a little while ago, they thought the Government in Sydney took no notice of them - that they were scarcely recognised as a part of the colony. But now they had not only the Governor here, but they had the Countess Belmore, and, if he might say so, they had here the Premier of New South Wales. (Cheers.) They could hardly say they were neglected now. They had got over that little difficulty. His Excellency the Governor had spokon of the progress of your sugar manufacture, and he (Mr. Robertson) was glad to hear that this was so far ad- vanced that a mill wass now ready for work. He was pleased at this sugar business for more reasons than one. Of course a man charged with certain great responsibilities must be always pleased at any great increase to our means of wealth and the happiness and comfort of the people ; but in this sugar matter there was a peculiar gratification to him, and he would tell them why. When he came here some eight or nine months ago and asked them to re-elect him, many of them were clinging to the idea of separation from Now South Wales, and of setting up the Clarence as a colony upon its own hook. Well, the sugar business had killed all that he thought. (Hear, hear.) They did not want to pay a duty on sugar. He did not think they had now any disposition to alter their boundaries. They did not want to be attached to Queensland because it was a small market for their sugar, and besides had sugar of its own. They didn't want to be a separate colony because then they would have to pay duty on all the sugar they exported. But they would remain with tho old colony, where they would have a market for their sugar without any duty to pay. (Cheers.) He thought this had settled all the separation difficulties, and that was a great comfort, for he remembered being asked whether he would vote for separa- tion from New South Wales? He said "certainly not." (Cheers and laughter.) That was rather a stifler they know. (Laughter.) He was so used to saying just what he thought that some times he ran the risk of offending people. When he was here last there was another question, and that was about the road from here to Armidale. He thought he know more about that than any one amongst them. He did not think many man there, besides Mr. Garrett and himself had ridden it in two days. Ho had done that and so he know pretty well what it was. He was of opinion that the road should be made. It appeared to be one of the greatest value, not only to Grafton and Armidale, but to other districts. Of course Glen Innes and Tenterfield had no benefit from it, but the flour-producing localities about Armi- dale would be greatly benefited by the opening up of that line. Their produce was produce needed in Queensland, and the best way to carry produce from thore to Queensland was to bring it here first, and not to Sydney. In taking it to Sydney they were taking it away from Queensland, and therefore the communication between Grafton and Armidale should be made good. He thought the road of great importance not only to Grafton and Armidale, but of national importance to the whole colony. He did not know of any other local matter that he wished to speak about. He had never pretended to do much in the small commission line of business for any con- stituency. (Laughter and cheers.) He had sat for many, but he did not remember doing anything for one more than he thought should be done for another. (Cheers.) He had always told them he would not, and he had always kept his word. His friend Mr. McKellar in speaking of some of the projects as to retrenchment had alluded to Clerks of Petty Sessions. He was pleased that Mr. McKellar had done so, for a stronger point in favour of the Government could not have been taken. What was it ? We found all over the colony Clerks of Petty Sessions with £175 a year salary. It had been alleged to him that day in a letter signed by several local magistrates that because the Clerk of Petty Sessions here had more to do he should have more pay. Let us examine into this. Some gentlemen had addressed him, and said £175 per year was not enough. Who denied that ? But did anyone pretend to say that the Clerk of Petty Sessions had only that sum ? He had £175 salary - then if he did his duty he had another £100 a year, as a land agent. [A voice: No, £50.] He knew better. [A voice: £50.] He knew better. If he was not getting more than £50, he was not doing his duty. (Cheers and laughter.) [A voice : How.] He would tell them. The £50 was the minimum amount allowed for the sales of land up to £4000 in the year. [A voice : No, £5000.] Well, in a district like this, if he did not sell more than that, it was a most monstrous thing. They did more than that in New England, a district of far less importance than this. We were told in one breath this was a most important district, and in another that they could not sell the land in it. [A voice : It's all sold.] All sold, was it? He thought they wanted to sell him. (Laughter.) He didn't think it was all sold. Well, the clerk of Petty Sessions had £100 as land agent. Then he had at least £50 a year as Registrar of Births, Marriages, and Deaths. [A voice : Oh, then we must be mighty prolific] Well, he knew it was so. [A voice : We are glad to hear it.] He had, too, the fees of the Small Debts Court, the agency of the Curator of Intestate Estates, and he was the Registrar of the District Court. [A voice : No.] Well, if he was not he would be under the new scheme. The magistrates said because this was an im- portant place, the clerk of petty sessions should have more money than in other places. He did not see that at all. If it is an important place - a place of great advancement then the clerk of petty sessions did get more money by fees. He got a fixed salary of £175, upon which a man could live, and which was supplemented by foes. There- fore, it was promotion to bring a man from a minor district to this, where under the new arrangement his salary would be at least £350 per year. So far from thinking that they were badly-paid officers, he thought they were the best paid, and he was of opinion the Parliament had no idea how well they were paid. He was quite sure if the whole of the sums we were paying them were put on any Estimate, no Parliament would pass it. They were frequently promoted, too. He could point out dozens of magistrates who had been clerks of petty sessions. They were promoted when vacancies occurred, but it was difficult to give promotion when we were cutting down in every direction. A man was lucky to keep what he had got. (Cheers.) He did not intend to talk politics. He did not call this matter as to meeting expenditure a matter of politics. It must be dealt with by any set ef men in power. One might take one course and one another, but he defied any one to govern this country without cutting down the expenditure or increasing the taxation. There was no set of men who denied that it was the duty of any Ministry charged with the conduct of public affairs to bring tho expenditure within the ways and means. Such a course, either by increasing the taxation or reducing tho expenditure, must be taken. For many years we had gone on increasing the expenditure, accumulating a debt, and not providing for it ; and he said he would not consent to hold office under such terms. If he could not, with tho help of Parliament and by tho will of the people. cut down the expenditure or increase the means of meet- ing it, he would retire and leave better men to deal with the matter. He would guarantee there should be no increase of the public debt for carrying on business. If there were any it would be for some great public work, from which we should have value for our money. There was no doubt as to the men in office now. The time had come for action in these matters. No one liked to undertake such a duty -no one liked to cut down tho salaries - but he thought he had devised a scheme of reduction without interfering with the salary of any man - a scheme which would cast more labour upon the officers by amalgamating duties, but do them no harm. As to pay it would be if not better, at least as good. He did not know why this place should single itself out and claim not to have any retrenchment. All places would be tarred with the same brush. He put them all on the same level, every one. He thought it would have been better to avoid talking to-night upon questions of public policy because he had abundant opportunity for speaking, and no doubt the Press would get hold of what he had said. But, at the nine or ten dinners he had attended lately, he had been particularly careful not to commit himself in any way which would give offence to Parliament, because he was one of those who hold that it was proper to express these things first to Parliament and not outside at dinner-parties. Therefore he had not committed himself very much. A dinner party was not tho proper place for such kind of things. It was a place to be happy and jovial in, and where every one should be comfortable and not give expres- sion to political views. But the present Government had nothing to hide. They were unmistakeable free traders, bound to keep expenditure within their means, and conduct the Government as well as they could under these views. He thought the most important things they had to deal with were the ad valorem duties. Whatever they did would tend towards freeing the ports and commerce of the country. (Cheers.) He did not say they were going to cut down tho Custom-house, or commit any wildness, but anything they did would tend to free the ports. Now he thought they had got to know as much of what the Government were going to do as they know when he got up. (Laughter.) This was exactly what he had intended. (Loud laughter.) He begged to thank them for drinking his health. (Cheers.) Several other toasts were proposed. The Countess of Belmore's health was proposed by Mr. S. Gray, of the Tweed, given with deafening cheers, and responded to in neat nnd appropriate phrase by his Excellency. Mr. Fisher proposed " The Ladies," which toast was responded to by Mr. Meillon. The "Pastoral, agricultural, and commercial interests" of the district were also proposed and responded to, the proceedings terminating soon after 11 o'clock. THE BALL. Not least attractive or successful among the festivities which served to mark tho occasion of the Governor's visit, was the Masonic Ball given last night in the School of Arts. Great preparations had been made for the affair. The building had been adapted to the purpose for which it was temporarily required. Transparencies had been fitted into the windows ; and a large painted banner, bearing an inscription indicating that the School of Arts was the temporary meeting-house of the Borough Council, that the said Borough Council was established in 1859, and that "Victoria " was " Regina " \- occupied a pretty considerable space upon the south wall, The only drawback to the affair was that the hall was too crowded, and the evolutions of the dancers somewhat inter- fered with. Waltzing was rendered a process of some diffi- culty, even to the most expert salator. Couples had to be wary in their gyrations, and after a dozen turns or so were sometimes brought up, not "all standing," but, to use another sailor phrase, "on their beam ends." The supper was good, the arrangements were good, the amusement was good, and the music (dispensed by a band which had been practising assiduously in a suburb for a fortnight) as well as could be expected. His Excellency the Governor, with the Countess of Bel- more and suite, arrived at the School of Arts shortly after 9, and opened the ball. Ho danced the first quadrille with the Mayoress, the Mayor leading out the Countess of Belmore. It may be observed that there were two opinions among the Graftonitcs respecting this ball, as there usually is upon all other topics. The promoters of the entertainment were at feud with the non-promoters. Swelldom did not favour the ball project. Swelldom turned up its aristocratic nose at the affair. Swelldom vowed that it would not condescend to illuminate the "gay and festive scone "with its pre- sence. I believe that Mr. Robertson's good offices effected some modification in the sentiments of swelldom. The hon. gentleman pointed out that whee the Queen went the highest in the land might well go without loss of caste, and that if Lady Belmore went to a Masonic ball in Graf- ton, the aristocracy of Grafton might, without damage to their tremendous grandeur, follow her ladyship. Thus the matter was arranged. Swelldom relented, took tickets, went to tho ball, and lounged through quadrilles in the most dignified manner imaginable. Everyone scorned to enjoy the evening's entertainment, which, by the way, was lengthened until it became the morning's diversion. There were twenty-two dances on the programme, and they occu- pied the time until ever so much o'clock in the morning. The Governor's party left soon after supper, which was served at midnight, and was a most recherché affair. The Governor to-day paid a visit to the Meat Preserving Co.'s works on the Urara river, and spent some time in examining the different branches of the establishment. He was accompanied by Captain Boresford, Mr. McKellar, and Mr. J. Page, the superintendent of the works. A luncheon of preserved meats was provided at the Urara, and the party, having partaken thereof, returned to Grafton early in the afternoon. In the evening, his Excellency and suite were enter- tained with a corroborree, in which a large number of blacks took part. It was rather a disgusting affair, and more curious than instructive. A lot of half-naked savages yelling insanely, and capering in fantastic guise around a bonfire, does not present a very imposing spectacle. The illuminations were last night renewed upon even a more brilliant scale than bofore. The lamps, &c;, were lighted, and in all directions there were sky rockers whizzing into space. The Governor starts in tho morning for Ugilbar, where he will remain until Monday, and then go on to the Richmond Rivcr. He will be accompanied by Mr. Ogilvie, of Ugilbar, Mr. Robertson, and, of course, his own party. The steam drogher Uloom will toke him up the river to Smith's Flat, and thence he will go on horseback to the station." Friday, July 30. 