I f 0111 Gold Fields. I < . Br AIT OLD MINEE. . i Since writing my last communication I liare observed that several'of the papers published on the gold-fields have set to work in earnest, and are strenuously urging tho minors and all interested to assist in having the leasing'of tho new ground entirely done away with. Now, this is as it should be, and a step in the right direction ; and since the first step is taken let them not rest until they have aohieredthe end of their desire-and not let any listlessness or lukewarmness interpose to destroy tho opportunity now afforded of having this injurious aystera swept away.' ' ? To procure the. alterations desired in tho mining regu- lations will require both lime and patience, and a linn determination on the part of the miners themselves to hold on to their requests, and not to abate one jot of their energy until they have succeeded in placing the laws so nearly affecting themselves on a good, sound, and liberal basis. The.miners of the Northern gold districts haye taken the advantage of the Premier's visit to that portion of the colony, to present him with an address whoroin they acknowledged the great benefit derived from' the very admiral Land Law introduced by him, and by whiohsomany thousandsbave been enabled to find oom ortable homes for themselves and families, and settling down into amore enjoyable prospect of life than they had been in tho habit of having. Subject as tho miners aro to a migratory propensity, having no particu- lar interest or desire to remain on one field moro than another but wandering from rush to rush wherever a chance seems ; but now, thanks to the land laws, a man with a few pounds can invest in his seleotion, and having dono so ot once feels an interest in the place and a disinclination for further roaming. And it is to be hoped that a still greater benefit will be rendered to the miners and the oountry generally by the introduction of as liberal mining regulations. The miners of Rocky River iii their adilr, ts olso mentioned the desirability of hariug local, courts established and in this they hare forestalled the other gold-fields ; but it will only be for a short time, aa it is next to a certainty that all the Gelds will follow their cir-jilo and forward petitions to the same effect. In fact uno has aleeady been presented since the Premier's return by the respective members of tho Western and Northern gold-fields, setting forth the wants of the minera and residents on this particular question, and were informed shat the principal clauses have been at. present in the hands of tho parliamentary draftsman undergoing his scrutiny; and no doubt they will appear as soon as possible in a moro advantageous form. At Grenfell that hotbed of leasing there has boen a meeting for the purpose of expressing the disapprobation nf the residents in regard to loasing new ground, and whereat they expressed a strong determination to have it remo/ed, and it will be seen on reference to a telegram of this week from that quarter that a new lead had been struck in Star Gully, which promised very well and would have given employment and wages to hundreds of diggers bad it not been monopolised entirely by tne leas- ing system, and the miners becoming thoroughly exasper- ated by thia monopoly hare jumped the leases and marked off their soveral claims and set to work in good earnest, how it will eventually terminnto it is hard to say, but with every sympathy enlisted in favor of the jumpers, the probable end of it will bo tho evacuation of their claims and a return to the lessees, ns, should the leases have been taken up in strict accordance with the regulations, and the compliment of men employed, as required, to represent the areas taken, the miners must clearly have done an illegal aol, and howovor hard it may be upon them, the 'aw as it now stands must protect the lesseos ; it is almost a pity that they should have been tempted to commit such an oct as it can scarcely do any good, beyond showing (if such a thing was necessary) tho strong feelings of antipathy engendered in their minds by this most obnoiious system, and as there is overy proba- bility of this vexol question being soon disposed of, it might perhaps hare been as well had such not occurred. Grenfell has suffered very severely in consequence of the immense areas monopolised under leases, and more especially in the alluvial ground which never has been very extensive, but which since leasing has come so much into operation has materially lessened the chances of the individual miner. On the seven milo where the majority of tho alluvial miners find employment thero is ground now in tho possession of those lessees that would yield good wages lo a large number of miners, but which is useless and unproductive solely on that account; for what signifies the produce of two or threo men on an area of ground capable of giving employment to perhaps a hundred, and this is ono of the many reasons for repeal- ing tho power of leasing, as in nino cases out often should a party of men discover a new gully or hill, they in self protection secure at once alease of as many acres as they feel disposed to, in order to prevent others from taking it from under their very nose as it were. Leasing is all very well when confined'to old or partially worked ground where largo blocks can be taken up without in the least injuring or interfering with the individual rainer, for generally in attempting to work such ground it requiros more capital than most of the miners are possessed of, and when they are not in a position to work it themselves, they are only too well pleased to see a strong party formed, and ground made uso of, but where leases are taken up on every new rush, as of late has been the eas», tho injury' is incalculable to the miner, who is continually looking forward to such- a chance and whoso sole dependence is in getting a rise from such rushes, whenever, and wherever, they tako place, and imagine the blank despair they experience aftor travelling a lon«? distance, on finding the whole of the available ground completely in tho hands of a few, and not a ghost of a chance left him. Trunkey is rather in a meas at present owing to tho prospectors having it seems mado an arrangement with both companies, the Sydney and the Melbourne-how it may terminate is a specu- lation just now, but thero is overy probability of tile altair being decided in ono of the courts of law. Things aro not looking particularly bright thero at present, and: although they still keep building, money is rather tight. How will the returns look, when the Government officials send in their report of the various leases stand- ing in-their names, instances have been known where officials (who were thought to do better) hare turned their knowledge to account upon a now discovery being reported to them, and got a friend to hurry off and tako a lease of tho ground, aye, almost before the fortunate or rather unfortunate discoverer had returned to his olaim ; if thoy desire to speculate, let them do so fairly and .openly, and take their chance along with the reat. Since.the above concerning the dispute between tho two companies on Trunkoy was written, it has been ascertained that it does not interfore with ; or affect the Sydney company, inasmuch aa it refers to a third com- pany, now being formed to work the grounds supposed to have been taken up by the Melbourne company ; and consequently there will be no occasion for appeal to any law court for adjudication between these two companies. It was talked of yesterday of four pounds weight of gold having boen obtained from two bucketsful of stono at Trunkey, but whether correot or not it is impossible to say ; sb far, no telegram or olhor authentio moans of learuing has arrived. Thero is nothing at all impossible, or oven'improbable, of such being tho case, os greater results from smaller quantities have uften boon got. It is only to be hoped it may be true. 