MELBOURNE. Friday. The bribery committee decided to report Mr. Butters to tho House for evasion and gross prevarication. Captain Hagley, of the steamship Rangatira, was fined £300 for a breach of the Passengers Act—carry ing an excess of passengers without proper accommo- dation. Sailed.—R.M.S. Malta, for Sydney at noon. PRINCE OF "WALES OPERA HOUSE.—"Guy Manner- ing ; or, the Gipsy's Prophecy," attracted a large audience to the Prince of Wales last night. This is a clever stage adaptation of Sir Walter Scott's celebrated novel. Most works of fiction of an interesting nature dramatise badly ; but such is far from being the case with " Guy Mannering." It abounds with incident, telling situations, and effective tableaux ; and ample justice was done to the characters by the talented ladies and gentleman who constitute the present corps dramatique of the theatre. Madame Girandini, though in a somewhat thankless character, Julia Mannering, made the most of it. Madame Marie Duret's Meg Merrilies was a perfect masterpiece of effective acting; she rendered the part with such wild pathos and expression as fairly brought down tho house. Mr. Walter Sherwin, as Henry Bertram, hada character scarcely suited to him. Mies Kate Corcoran as Lucy Bertram, did the little she had to do well. Mr. J.J. Welsh, by his quaint and humorous representation of the immortal Dominie Sampson, kept the audience in convulsions of laughter. The music incidental to their characters was rendered by Madame Carandini and Mr. Walter Sherwin in their usual, in Sydney, unapproachable style, and the "Chough and Crow," in which Misses Rosina and Fannie Carandini, and Mr. Amery took part proved one of the greatest featutes of the evening's entertainment. The concert was as attractive as usual The duet, " Trust her not, she is fooling thee,'' by Misses Rosina and Fannie Carandini, which never seems to weary upon repetition. evoked tho customary applause with which it is greeted. The performances concluded with Mr. A. F, Spiller's skating perform- ances. He certainly went through some astonishing evolutions. " Guy Mannering " will be repeated to» night. VICTORIA THEATRE.-Tho Victoria Theatre was again crowded in every part last night, when ' "Hamlet" was Te-produced. After what has been already said with reference to Mr. Walter Mont- gomery's magnificent delineation of Shakespeare's chef d'oeuvre further remarks would be supererogatory. Suffice it to say that the tragedy, as regards many of the minor characters, has improved wonderfully upon repetition, and that Miss Cleveland as the Queen, Miss Cooper as Ophelia, Mr Darrell as Horatio, Mr. Lionel Harding as Ghost, Player, and Priest, and Mr. Charles Young as the Grave-digger, again received the applause justly due to them for their more than adequate representations of the characters. H R. H. the Duke of Edinburgh, attended by the Hon. Eliot Yorke, again honored the performances by his presence and frequently evinced his satisfaction by cordially applauding. To-night Mr. Montgomery will appear as Gloater, in "Richard III.", a character in which he has achieved an im- mense reputation in Victoria. The arrangements for the supervision of this theatre have been since Mr. Mont gomery's engagement entirely changed, and the management have adopted stringent regulations where by all over the house the most perfect order is main- tained. In the dress circle the attendance is in every way all that could be desired, and all who frequent the theatre are gratified by the urbane attention they meet with. LEOAL.-Their Honora tho Judgea of tho Supreme Court have appointa I tho undermentioned attorneys and solicitors of the Oourt as u board for conducting the examination, during the present year, of dorks seokiog admission to practice aa attorneys, and threo mombors of euoh board shall be a quorum, viz.: Messrs. Thomas leeton. Staunton Spain, William Cyprian Curtis, .Randolph Charles Want, John Joseph Donovan THE SnEniFP.-His Excellency the Governor, with the advice nf tho Exocutive Council, has been pleasod to appoint George Foster Wiso, E-q., to bo Sheriff of the colony of Now South Wal-s during tho temporary absenco of Hat ola Maclean, Esq. THE CUSTOMS UNION.-Tho tolograph, says the Melbourno T. legrapb (newspaper), of Tuesday, brings from Bydney the news that tho Chamber of Commerce thoro bas re-consid-red its action with reference to the proposals of tho Melbourne Chamber, and ia now in- clined to forward tho much- desired Customs Union botween the various Australian colonies. It is the boBt step tba Sydney merchants could have taken, and let us hope it will soon bo followed by tho necessary Par- liamentary notion. Wo hail tho fact by no means with a selfish satisfaction, but as an indication of tho growing feolings of unity whioh it is so desirable should pervade those colonies. If a oooferenco should take placo, caro should be taken that not only able men aro Bent to it, but let us say men, if they can be got, of tho stamp of Reverdy Johnson-mon who are diplomatists as well as patriots, and who will leave their roapeotivo colonies when tho deliberations closo without heart-burnings and Jealousies. We trust we shall bear no complaints this time that New South Wales has over reached Vio toria, or that tho latter has been inconsiderate towards Adelaide. Our interests oro really one, and the more we know of eaoh others productive powers, and facilitate them, tho moro we "go shopping" to one another's houses, the better forait of us. HOMEBUSH AUTOMN MEETING-Duke's Day Races. -The following are the entrances for the Dake's Day Races at Homebush. Ladies Purse: T. Ivory's br g Sir Hercules, i vanta ; J. Tait's oh g Falcon, aged. St, Leger Handicap: 0. Baldwin s b g Darkie; Jî. uoherotts D o Biîlor jiay; JL. .ivory's b o Tao Drone; J. Tait's oh g The Earl ; W. Hall'« b g Iiloutonant ; 8 King names bf Beoswing; E. Leo's Avalanche ; J. Chaff.» nam- B oh a Biwdon. Duke of Edinburgh's Gift: C. Baldwin's oH f Begalia, 3years; E. Coboroft's b o Sailor Boy, 8 years ; W. Baddie's oh g Premier,aged ; E, Leo'« b f Coquette 3 years ; D. 0. Jones's b o Young Mormon, ogod ; T. Ivory's gr g Groy Momus, 5 years ; T. Ivory's b o Tho Drone, 8 years ; W. Fisher's bl h Blondin, 5 years; S. Bradbury's b f Al, 3 years; 0. H Boberts's bg Tippler, aged; M. GibbonB's b m Deception, 5 years; W. Hall's b h Claude du Yal, junior, 8 years ; tv, lt. Templeton's bm Casino, 8 years ; J Ford's bl g The Moor, 5 years ; L, Uhdo's b g Warrior, 5 years; Li Glide's br f Silver tail, 4years; J. Drisooll's b g Albany, 6 years; E. Lee's ch f Avalanche 8 years ; A. Thompson's ch h Cossack, 0 years; J, Ohaaffo names br h Emerald, 5 yoars ; J. Tait's ch g Falcon, ogod ; J. Tait's bl o Italian,! years; T. King's b h North Australian, 6 years ; W. Winoh's oh g Kiroola, 5 yean; W. Winoh's ch g Oiroassian. 6 years. Scramblo : 0. Baldwin's oh g Mask, late Garrison, 4 years ; W. G, Or bel l's bl g Pantaloon, 0 years ; J. Fowloe's b f Ada, 4 years ; a. B irnard's b g Gardiner, aged ; Mac- namara s ?? . ÉIFOEE Lin run Y AT ALBURY.-Tho Mayor of Albury has given notiao of his intention to niovo tho follow- ing roaolution:-"That application bo mado to the ^ Government for a grant of £200 for tho purpose of". ~ establishing a Free Library under section 1-12 of tho Munioipaliti s Act ofl867; also, for copies of all publications issued from tho Government Printing Office" That tho Mnyor, and Aldormon Lewis Jonas, Husing, P. E. Fallon, Tuomson, and. North ba appointed tho Free Library Committee. 