FOOTSCRAY. BY OBSERVER. In this my periodical report, I may state that our population is steadily increasing. One or two industries have been added, and on the whole, employment is good. A glass manufactory is nearly built, not by a big company (one of the mountain and mouse sort, but by one or two energetic men of the right stamp. The work has gone ahead, and is nearly ready to operate, which is a strong contrast to the huge woollen mill opposite. A gold refinery has also been erected here. But there is a hitch ; the borough council has interfered, it having been asserted that a gratuitous distribution of arsenic was in tended, which is not far from the truth. What did the proprietors put the works there at all for ? or why did they not go in a candid way to the council, state the nature of the work, and have an understanding ? Why try to sneak in and poison the borough ? If the work is poisonous, why locate at all where they knew there was soon to be a large number of people settled down ? Who is to blame but the proprie tors if their pockets suffer ? The woollen mill stands a monument of the characteristic operations of companies. It is averred that ghosts are beginning to haunt the huge building. They can be heard at midnight, imitating spinning and weaving, and are supposed by knowing ones to be the spirits of emigrant factory opera tives, who have waited for the company to proceed till they have grown old and died. I only tell you what I was told. Bulfinch beckoned to me one day; I went. He scratched his head; he rubbed his stomach. "My dear Mr Bulfinch," said I, "are you ill?" " The council," he gasped, "the council," and he thrust a rate notice into my hand, "are nought but old women from Gresham down. Because I have made a new fence, dug a tank, planted trees, and painted the house green, I'm charged extra. Where does all the money get to ?" "But, my dear Mr Bul finch, the valuator must charge according to value, or the rich would pay less than the poor; as to the money, you know Bulfinch, the war, and the national debt incurred. I think that is nearly square, and do hope, Bulfinch, that now they will do something." Bulfinch raised his eyebrows a little, and whistled, and therewith came a mongrel, who looked wistfully to his master, wagged his tail. "Five shillings fur this here hani mal. I shall drown him, I shall- five shil lings !" I agree with B., that is too much. In legislation, we rush to extremes. I have nothing to say in favour of those big-headed, long-backed, lantern-jawed, bandy-legged, curly-tailed, sheep-stealing, fowl-killing, no- breed-mongrels, that follow sniffing your heels and put you in continual dread of a tailor's or surgeon's bill. Dogs are a part of humanity. Noah took care the pair was in his manifest. As the infant heir of poverty and a hut, rolls on the floor with Pompey, his lungs filled with laughter, and his limbs gain strength, saving doctors' bills, and gain ing appetite, and the bare idea of losing Pompey, will fetch tears. And if Melinda choses to have her pet poodles, to wash them daily, to visit with punishment the fleas which phle- botomize her darlings, her dear little pinky-winkies, if they may ride in her carriage by day, and sleep on the counterpane of this rose-lipped fairy at night; if Melinda chooses to bestow her time on dogs, rather than the intelligent child of some poor relation, who shall say nay. Why be made to pay 5s., 10s., 15s., or more for the darlings who set no feet upon the ground ? Jones has articulated and denies reticula tion. Mind what you are about, Jones! You will be expelled from the teetotal so ciety if thus you try to stop the use of cold water. Every one says you are clever and wary. Get a character for honesty, and you'll be a brick. Perform what you promise, and if you offend don't promise that you do not see a clear way to perform. If you were a sweep, that's no disgrace if you did the sweeping well. If, as a minister you bungle and have a brush at every one, you will not suit the public, but will only suit yourself. As our manufactures increase, if the healthful character of the borough is to be retained, strict regulations must be made and enforced with regard to cleanliness. I shall in a future number trouble you with a digest of the chemical products (waste) expelled in to the air, or water in this neighbourhood -my opinions on the encouragement and centralization of manufactures in this borough. I see that the Braybrook Road Board in quire when the chain of main road will be made complete. Are the Board willing to allow a sum from the £2,000 a year? How many of us uses the road past Stanlake's ? They are the ones who use it, and pay noth ing, charging us a shilling to go over their bit! I observe your Mayor, Mr Power, has begun to push along the road this way in moving for a bridge. It would be a real boon, as the traffic is considerable and must increase. 