ORIGINAL POETRY. THE EXILE. 'IWAS on a lovely summer's eve, the gorgeous | sun fast sinking Behind a lofty range of hills upon Australia's ? plain; " Fair daylight swiftly from the earth was shrinking, " 1 And the pale moon would soon commence her j reign; A lonely wanderer, illy clad, was toiling on his « .w.ay' Straining his eager eyes around to seek some friendly cot; For stranger he on this wide plain, and mid declining day, Where a shelter for the night to seek for now knew not. IDs limbs were tired, his tongue was parched, and hunger craved within, he!ping hand was near him now, no aid of human kind, Nought saw he in the dark'ning gloom e'en to the honzon's line But here and there a straggling herd and the winding track behind. He paused and pondered o'er his lot, his heart beat wild and strong, Far flew his thoughts to a distant spot, held in irons by mem'ry long. How swift sweet memory off doth guide The lonely SGUI upon her eilv'ry tide Back to the days of childhood's spotless joy, Those halcyon hours of hope without alloy; How swift she dashes o'er the creggy steep?, Of manhood's feverieh carea, down to these stilly deeps, And there, mid banks of roses, calmly sleeps! Twilight her shroud o'er the earth now had spread, And the pale, sickly moon had just rose from her bed, Encircling the hills with her watery light, And dispelling the gloom that was growing with night. But the gloom on the brow of this desolate man Grew-deeper and thicker as the fleet moments ran; He laid himself down on the desolate ground, And the cry of the wild dog swept mournfully round, And as still as that evening had drawn to a close, So nature exhausted he sank in repose; And as lonely he slept on this desolate plain, Fast scenes of his life flitted on through his brain, And truthfully pictured their hopes and despair, Their pleasure?, their pains, and their har rowing care; | But scarce had he slept a few moments in dream, Sire a figure passed by, and to him did seem I To place on his bosom the hand of a friend i And gently arouse him, and ask him to wake, When he cried with remorse never come to an end, " Why trouble me here thus my soft dreams to shake ?" To which then the stranger, with voice cold and hoarse, Said,ct Tell me now what is that thing called remorse," The sleeper then answering, cried out, " Then I will; Back! stranger, some paces; be silent and etUl. #*#### "Stranger, didst ever feel thy hair turn grey, Thy heart sink down and seem to leave a space, Where nothing more from that deep sorrowing day Would ever come to fill the vacant place; It's pulBe to cease, and then with giant leap Fling on the palsied brain the heavy blood; Thine eyes, oft willing, now refuse to weep, The blood so bold hadst frozen up their flood ? Didst ever love, a deep fond trusting love, Grown with thy growth from planted seeds in youth, Whieh greed, ambition, av'rice ne'er could move A sacrificial love, unselfish, and of truth ? Wert ever loved by trusting youthful heart, And then by slanderous wretches wrenched apart ? Didst ever on a bright fair summer's day, When all around did think thee far away, Steal in unseen through church's ivied door, And trembling pace the oft-accustomed floor, Then hide in pillar's shade in furthest aisle, Like gnome at shrine or ghost at funeral pile, And hear from lips thou'st loved and loved so still Two words so softly whispered there-" I will;" And see that smile so strange, that face so pale. As slowly down the form at altar's rail Kneels trembling by another's side, Seeking that face while from him to hide; Then slink away for ever fro si that shore, j To meet again thy long-loved friends no more, And then, with blighted heart and careless way, In the cold world of strangers plough thy way ? Didst ever feel that chilly feeling come That ne'er again would ever home be home, That every spot with some rememb'rance shaded, Throws back the light of days for ever faded ? Haet seen the face to change, the brow to bend, Of him who always was thy friend; When thou wert poor and met him shy In haughty mien would pass thee by, Ne'er thinking in that empty brain The dart he flung and caused to pain ; Thus in the hour of anguish and of woe Come Brutus-like to add another blow, And heap up higher still the mound of sorrow, Adding to stormy night a wintry morrow; And then when many years have flitted by, Iiove once again to light thy darkened ej e With love, that for that loved one's sake Thou eouldat resign if'twould her happy make, Though in thy heart dark depths of woe awake, Which call up sorrow and the old, old pain, With all its chain of horrors, o'er again, For one BO young, BO kind, so fair, so true, Yet find, alas! she's destined not for you; To feel and know tby heart can hold no more, For like a bark twice wrecked upon a shore, At first 'tis shattered,then 8Lake to rise no more ? Knowst thou the value of a kind and gentle word, Fel'sfe thou to Austral's gold'twould be pre ferred ? Missed thou the genial greet of long-known friend, With which the measured words of strangers ne'er can blend ? Hast searched iu rain for one unchanging face, To look a welcome with a welcome grace, Forced in the world to mix, whose ways and words To thy crushed feelings come like two-edged ewcrds, And, worse than all, a cheerful face to show, And hide from half-friend all the heart below, Then half regret that thou that face hadst shown, And feel that to thy friend thou art unknown ? All thy faults be measured into crimes, All thy difficulties summed up into vice; All thy omissions, like bells of evening chimes, Rung o'er and o'er and numbered over thrice; And then whatever good thou mayst have done, Whatever battle with thyself hast won, Whatever good to others may have cast, By the cold world unseen be overpast F Strangerif ever thy hard lot has been One-half these torturing missions to have seen. And if thy heart be true and kind, Remorse has there been left behind; But comfort take, thou art not * lone at call,' Tiiis exile here has teen and fdt them all." EDWASD Aii-Eif, Bungaree. 