THE GOVERNMENT SAMPLES FOR INDIA. The Government were well supported by the Assembly on what Mr. Carr stigmatized as the 'paltry peddling trade motion' with reference to sending samnle3 of South Aus tralian produce to the Indian Government. Mr. Strangways gave a very explicit account of what the Government proposed to do, and the precautions they were to adopt against improper articles being sent. Mr. Hart and Mr. Reynolds' and others, as representatives of producers specially interested in the pro posal, drew a very clear line between the official and the private arrangements which were contemplated. Mr. Hart, in particular, adduced some apposite and forcible arguments for the experiment. An incident which occurred a tew years ago in his own business has im pressed on his mind the invulnerability of red tape. When a gentleman who had resided in South Australia held the appoint ment of Commissary General at Hongkong — most of our readers will now be able to supply the name — he, knowing something of South Australian flour, advertised here for supplies for the army ia China. Mr. Hart was the success ful tenderer, and a shipment of several hundred tons of his brand was the result of the arrangement. He subsequently received letters expressing the greatest satisfaction ?with the article, and he naturally looked forward to the development of a permanent trade. But a change occurred in the Com missariat Department, and the new Com missary- General relapsed into the routine which had been so creditably— and to the Home Government no doubt also profitably — interrupted. What that routine was we can only speculate — possibly direct - ship ments from England at double the cost of a superior article obtainable in Australia. There was another characteristic act in this Commissariat comedy. When Mr. Hart was returning from England two years ago he heard at Galle that a very heavy crop of wheat was anticipated in the colony. He bethought himself again of his Hongkong market, and wrote _ to 4 the Commissariat ? Department there that in all probability the best flour would be procurable in South Australia a few months hence at £11 or £12 per ton. His prediction was more than realized, ! buttothia -day his letter has never been' acknowledged. Thousands- of pounds may have been lost to the Imperial Government through, its having been disregarded, and thi3 colony is excluded from a very valuable trade through the inability of private mer chants to break the ice of Anglo-Chinege officialism. Such a glaring illustration may not have occurred in India, but it is beyond doubt that our imperfect intercourse with that country must be largely due to a similar cause. , When the idea of these official specimens wa3 first mooted, we reminded our readers of efforts which had been made by local exporters to gain a foot ing in the Indian market. Their issue cannot have been very encouraging, or the present state of things would not deserve so much regret. Abundant reason why it should not have been so i3 perceptible in tbe disadvan tageous circumstances under which such' private experiments must be made. Three fourths of the Europeans in India and China are military, and consequently their con sumption is to be reached only through the Commissariat. It is the pass port to the trade which we so anxiously covet with both these countries. Australian produce, after being ?established in favour with the army, would extend to private consumption amongst Europeans, and ultimately also to the higher class of native population. This peculiarity in the object aimed at is a full justification of the officialism which Mr. Carr so gruffly ridiculed, and which Mr. Strangways so frankly defended. The speci mens will be destined in point of fact for the Indian Commissariat, and the transmission of them will be as legitimate a subject of negotiation between one Government and another as anything connected with the Remount Service. It will be a distinct pro ceeding from the consignment of produce for sale in Calcutta, which is likely to be effected on a considerable scale by several private individuals at their private cost. It was hardly necessary that some of these should repudiate yesterday in the House any inten tion of benefiting by the trifling grant solicited by the Government. There would have to be two parties to any such jobbery and Mr. Strangways is not likely to let him self be used as one. After his explanation of the Government intentions, the motion was wisely adopted in its original form without a division. Adelaide Underwriters Association. —A movement has been quietly proceeding in Adelaide for some time past for the establish ment of an Underwriters' Association. The various Marine Insurance Companies, feeling that they are subject to disadvantages which by a little care and arrangement they could protect themselves against, have, through their representatives, held several pre liminary meetings to discuss the best means af self -protection. One of the chief points to which they directed attention was the evils resulting from the careless or negligent 3to\vage of wool and other cargo. Expe rience ? has shown this to be a fruitful source of loss to the underwriters, the damage resulting from this negli gence being charged against them, and not against the ship. It was thought highly desirable by the original promoters of the Association to provide that the various Companies should employ a competent sur veyor, thoroughly independent of the ship masters and of particular insurance offices, to carefully inspect vessels, and superintend the stowage as well as the discharge of cargo. The adoption of these precautions, it was considered, would free the Underwriters from risks to which they were not properly liable, and ensure greater care on the part of the carriers. In framing the constitution and defining the objects of this new Asso ciation, the promoters have been largely guided by the rules of an organization in Melbourne, which in August, 1868, started under the title of the Mel bourne Underwriters' Association, but which has since expanded into the Mer chants Shipping and Underwriters' Asso ciation of Melbourne. Amongst the objects contemplated by the latter are the obtaining by all lawful means of information with respect to the state of vessels owned in, trading to, or'otherwise connected with the Australian Colonies, their condition when loading, the quantity and nature of cargo taken on board, the mode of stowing cargo, the state in which cargo is discharged, the investigation of the cause of loss or damage, or injury to vessels and cargoes. The Adelaide Association is more modest in its aims, but it is likely to be of the greatest service to the Underwriters in South Australia. Each of these are to con tribute something towards the expenses, which will certainly not exceed £400 or £500. There are at present, including the one just established, four local and eight branch Marine Companies carrying on business in the city, and the contributions from each will not exceed to any great extent - the amount at present paid for surveys. Of course the great object to be attained is a full and satisfactory examination of the vessels and their cargoes, and it is of the first importance that the surveyor employed shall be free from all suspicion of partiality. A final meeting is shortly to be held, when the feeling of the whole of the Companies towards the proposed Association wdl be known, and when, judging from the support that has been given to the movement hitherto, arrangements for carrying it out will be completed. The House of Assemblt.— It is understood that the House of Assembly will to- day decide to adjourn over Thursday, on account of the Boyal Agricultural and Horticultural Society's Show. Municipal.— The annual municipal elections are approaching, and some signs of activity on the part of the ratepayers are already manifesting themselves. A requisition to Mr. J. M. Solomon to allow himself to be nominated as Mayor is being signed, and amongst possible candidates the names of the present occupant of the office and of Mr. C. S. Hare are mentioned. Institute Hours.— It will be seen by the report of the annual meeting of the South Australian Institute that in future the library will be opened at 11 a.m. instead of noon, and closed at 9 p.m. in place of 10 o'clock each evening. On public holi days the Institute will close at 6 in the evening. Burtos'sCibccs.— On Tuesday evening, October 12, there was a good attendance at the Circus. There was a change of performance, and the enter tainment passed off very agreeably. Show Entries.— It will be seen that 1 o'clock to-day is the lataat hour for receiving entries of live stock for the forthcoming Show. Prices op Gas.— On July L 1SC9, the price of gas to meter- consumers in Sydney was reduced from 10s. to 8s. 6d. per thousand feet. The Austra lian Gaslight Company, which supplies that city, also lends meters free of charge. £? Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide, during the week ended Saturday, October 9, were:— Births, 29 males, 20 females; deaths, 11 males, 8 females— total, 49 births, 19 deathB. .Excess of births, 30. Feniansl— It is stated that a few of the pardoned men have intimated an intention of settling in Sydney if permitted to do so, whilst others will proceed to America and Ireland. The total amount subscribed in the colonies for the k._ofit nf ttii- mm is said to be about £4.500. Alarm of jork.— me Jirgva says:— 'just before the last scene of 'Hamlet' at the Theatre Boyal on Wednesday night a panic on a small scale appeared to seize a portion of the audience in consequence of an alarm of fire being raised by the ?gods.' The only foundation for the sudden surprise seems to have been that some Chinamen had been letting off crackera in Little Bourke street. in celebrating a religious ceremony, and the smoke was Been coming from the upper part of the stage. The generality of the audience did not know what was the matter, but the noise of a rush in the gallery wa3 quit* enough to cause a number of persons in other parts of the house to make for the doors, and the exclamation that some one was foolish enou?h to make that the tidal wave was coming perhaps had the effect of increasing their speed. However, it required but a few seconds to show that the alarm was needless, though the house was some minutes in settling down to quietude again, and the Ghost had once more to come from the grave with the assurance that there was not the slightest cause for the agitation. Herr Bandmann also felt called upon to remark that this glorious country was not destined to go down yet for some thousands of years. The audience cheered, and the piece proceeded without further interruption. Might we venture to suggest to the DOliCe the desirability of restraining Celestial enthusiasm when it is calculated to work harm to other persons. Humours relative to the cause of the alarm differing from that here assigned were in general circulation last nieht, which it would be well for the management of the Theatre to enquire into and clear up as soon as possible,' Testmosial to . Captain Gbaisgkb. — We noticed a few days since that it had been decided by the subscribers to the Grainger Testimonial Fund that the testimonial should consist of a purse of sovereigns ; and Captain Grainger having arrived in command of the Alexandra, he was invited on Tuesday afternoon to attend a meeting of sub scribers, held at Messrs. J. Newman & Son's warehouse. Port Adelaide, for the purpose of accepting tbe present. At the time appointed the following gentlemen were present:— Messrs. J. Newman, G. W. Hawkes, S.M.. J. bl. Sinclair, H. 1). Dale, H. D. Cruttenden, D. \V. Scott, J. Little, H. 0. E. Muecke, J. S. Anthony, Uartleet H. D. O'flalloran, Sykes, J.E. D mpster, J.Mitchell, Dr. Todman, and others. Mr. J. Newman, ad dressing Captain Grainger, said he had been deputed, in the absence of the respected President of the Marine Board (Captain Ferguson), to expiess the deep sense of his ability as a commander which was entertained by the sub sciibcis to the testimonial, and more particu larly of the manner in which he handled the steamer Balclutna on the occasion of her late accident. The energy, skill, and nobleminded ness which he had exhibited on that occasion had called forth the eulogy of Her Majesty's represen tative, as well a3 of the Government, the Press, and the public generally. (Hear, hear.) Governor Weld, of Western Australia, as well as Mrs. Weld and their suite, who were passengers by the Bal clutha, had expressed themselves in the highest terms of the character of Captain Grainger as a gentleman and as a skilful seaman, and he relieved it was his coolness in the time of danger that had been the means of saving many valuable lives. His conduct had also been recognised in a substantial manner by the owners. He felt sure that a man whose courage could carry him through such diffi culties must have the highest veneration for aud dependence upon God, and it was that which enabled him to gain the confidence of his crew in the hour of need. Mr. Newman then handed a purse containing^) sovereigns to Capt Grainger, requesting his acceptance of it as a mark of their good wishes towards him. He remarked that it con tained a few coins, each of which bore the head of royalty, and if each could speak it would do honour to noble Captain Grainger. (Applause.) Captain Grainger said he felt scarcely able to acknowledge the kindness which had been shown him. He was sincerely obliged to them for their good opinion, and trusted he might al ways en j oy it. As regarded the present, hi should certainly devote it to the purchase of some suitable memento of the occasion. Cheers for Captain Grainger aud Mr. Kewnitm concluded the proceedings. The Adelaide Bellrisoer3.— An entertain ment was given, in aid of a peal of bells, under the patronage of His Worship the Mayor, in White's Koom, on Tuesday evening, October 12, by the Adelaide Bellringers, assisted by the Franklin Street Musical and Literary Society (Methodist New Connexion Church), and several lady and gentleman amateurs. There was but a moderate attendance. The programme had been arranged on the principle that variety is charming, and comprised numerous campanologiau performances, vocal selections (solos, duets, and choruses), rcci tacions, &c.; The comparative smallness of the attendance had, as might be expected, a de terring effect upon the performers, who, however, bravely contended against the evil, and succeeded eventually in infusing some thing like spirit into the proceedings, aud making the audience somewhat more appreciative. The 'human octave,' which, by- the- way, consisted of but seven bellringers, acquitted themselves very creditably when it is cousiCered that they only presented themselves before the public as amateurs. The vocalists gave a number of excellent pieces. The gem of the evening was decidedly the duet 'List to the Convent Bells,' in which the lich contralto of one lady harmonized beautifully with the pure soprano of her companion. The lormcr lady likewise gave a solo, which, like the preceding one, was encored. A gentleman amateur also earned an encore by bis humorous rendering of the comic song 'The Ragged Coat,' and in response to the redemand gave an original frag ment. The proceedings closed at about half-past Abcher-stheet Weslktan Church. — The anniversary services in connection with this place of worship were commenced on Sunday, October 10\. when the Rev. W. L. Binks (President of the Wesleyan College) preached in the morning, and the Rev. J. L. Parsons (Baptist) in the evening, to large congregations. On the following Tuesday evening a tea meeting was held, followed by a public meeting, which was very largely attended. Tne proceedings were opened by the Kev. J. G. Rlillard (Superintending Minister of the Circuit), mi Mr. John Cirr, M.P., occupied the chair. The Chairman referred to the pleasure it afforded him iu meeting them again, and spoke of the work aud objects of the Wesleyan Church. Mr. W. King, gun., then read the financial statement, which shoved that the total debt on the Church was £l,32(j 2s. 41., of which £100 had to be met as the liability for the year. The sources of income [luring the last year had been on the increase as compared with the previous year. He hoped that by next year the funds would be in a still more fljurLshins condition, and concluded by reading the list of subscribers. Mr. Williams urged the necessity of money being raised. The clouds hail poured down thousands of pounds, and all ought to be liberal. The year had been a good spiritual year. Mr. J. B. Hack said as an old worshipper he had been requested to supply the place of the Superintendent in giviug a report of the work of God iu Archer-street. He was able to speat encouragingly of the way in which the work of God had been carried on. With regard to the finance question, they had had a better income that year than they had ever had before. There hid also been great spiritual improvement. They were in a very hopeful state, and he be lieved they were experiencing God's blessing. The Kev. 1'. Lloyd stated that that was the twelfth anniversary service he had attended, and spoke briefly on the subject of glorifying Christ. After the Kev. Messrs. ritubl-3 (Auburn) andLae (Burra) had spoken, the Kev. M. Wilson said he was the ino-t venerable Wesleyan minister in South Aus trajia. He spoke of the late meetings of the Kvan gelical Alliance, commending the system of unity which wa3 baing carried out by that body. The Itev. Mr. Stephenson (of the Sou t ft- Eastern District) followed, exhorting those present to do their best to raise the amount of money required. The col lection, with the a-nount raised at the Sunday services, realized about £90. After the usual vote3 of thanks were passed, the meeting closed in the customary manner. The Provincial Gas Compact.— We are in formed that by the outgoing English mail orders are to be sent by the Directors of the Provincial Gas Company for the principal part of the plant required for the supply of the City of Adelaide with gas, and that orders for the remainder of the plant will follow by an early mail. Positive engage ments have been entered into for the completion of the undertaking within 18 months, and no time is to be lost in getting the necessary authority for pro ceedinc with the works in the city. The gasometers, in all probability, are to be erected on land adjoin ing the Hilton-road, to the westward of the Park Lands. The PABAMATTA.-Captain Warren on October 9 reports:— 'The ground in the 42 end south of No. 1 Shaft is still hard, and as a necessary conse quence our progress is slow. The lode is large, and makes good patches of rich yellow ore; but as yet there is nothing continuous about it. We have not intersected anything in tbe 42 cross-cut yet, neither do we expect to do so for some time; the ground there is hard also. In the 32 end driving north of No. 2 Shaft the ground has changed for the better, and moderate progress is being made; the lode now being driven through can bs taken away at a profit. Tliis end is within two fathoms of the winze sunk from the 22-fathom level, and will probably be communicated in about a month. As the bottom of the winze is now below the back of the level, and as soon as this is holed I shall be able to start two stones here at once — thp nnrf hprn ane being the most valuable yet seen in the miue. The stopes in the back of the 22-fathom level con tinue to yield their usual quantity of ore. The same will apply to those in the 12-fathom level at the new grass shaft, at which place we have now over 200 tons of ore at surface of a high percentage \- the class being chiefly red oxide and grey and green ores, in immense rocks of from one to five cwt. each. I have not commenced to dress this yet, but may do so next week. The great risk attached to the sampling of Inch class ores in their rough state induces me to hope that I shall not be called upon to sample this pile until our crushing appliances are complete, which will Le very shortly now. In No. 3 Shaft we have still a splendid lode of ore going down, and the same is standing in both ends of tne shaft from its present bottom to the level, above a depth of 7 fathoms. The present yield of the shaft is about 10 tons of IS per cent, ore to the fathom. We shall commence to drop the pitwork in this shaft in the course of a week, after which I trust that better progress will be made in sinking. The 22 end north of this shaft is hard and poor, and as there is only four fathoms of ground standing between this and the corresponding drive from No. 4. 1 do not anticipate any improvement, but directly this is holed I shall resume sinking in No. 4 Shaft, am also commence a winze in the bottom o the level between Nob. 3 and 4, which will go down in a good course of ore. The lode in the late tribute pitch at No. 4 is not looking quite so well as it was, but is still turning out very good ore. The prospects of the mine improve rather than diminish, and there need \m no mis givings as to the future. The quantity of ore raised during the week is 200 tons. I have sent away 200 tons, and have 6S3 tons now on hand.' Wheal James Mise.— Captain Kitto. of this mine, reports, under dite of October 9:— 'I have much pleasuic in informing you of a discovery of rich ore in the new trial pit, which is 118 yards from Rankin's Shaft in the direction of Kitto'n, and i3 six fathoms four feet from the Wheal Hughes boundary. It was my intention to have sunk the lode at a depth of 15 fathoms, but, fearing there would be no time for me to do so during my term of office, I cut into the side at a depth of 10 fathoms, at which point I am pleased to say we have struck the lode, which is really something to be proud of. The kxle altogether is about three feet wide, the ore at present being about nine inches wide, with every appearance of its opening wider almost immediately. The ore is a grey and black sulphide of copper, and is worth about 30 per cent, for pure copper as broken down. It requires no dressing. Of course, we cannot see beyond what has been driven, but there is every probability of its turning out first class. Another very important feature I am pleased to notice {8 that of a little ore coming into the end that is being driven toward us from the Wheal Hughes. When they fir-t struck the ore it bad the appear ance of something very good, but it looks now like a pocket, and is again on the decline. I am caref u in noticing this discovery, because, in the event of its turning out well, the Wheal James will reap the whole benefit of it. . . . - I am pleased to remark that ray last discovery i» the most valu able that has been made in the district for some time.' Mount Sohanck Estate.— Referring to the leasing by Captain Gardiner, the Standard states that 20,000 acres of thh estate, including the land between the head station and O.B. Flat, have been let, without exception, to Mount Gambier farmers, at yearly rentals varying from 5s. to 10s. per acre, ac -ording to quality. This is confined to that por tion of the estate lying to the east of MacDonnell Bay-road. Applications for land are still pouring in, and it is anticipated that a large portion will be let on the western side of that road. The result o the disposal of such an immense quantity of lam in that locality cannot fail to be a large increase of the trade of MacDonnell Bay, and a commensurate strengthening of the interests of this important district, 