The Novelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER XXIII. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." BUT who could it be, he whom I had just seen thus closeted in the apartments of Lady Chan- dos ? Could it be Sir Thomas, arrived from abroad ? But when did he arrive ? and why was this concealment in his mother's rooms ?— for concealment it appeared to be. Whoever it was, he was fearfully ill and wasted : of that there could be no doubt ; ill, as it seemed to me, almost unto death ; and a conviction came over me that Dr. Laken's visits were paid to him, not to Lady Chandos. "My dear child, how flushed and strange you look !" The speaker was Mrs. Penn, interrupting my chain of thought. She was standing at the door of the east wing, came forward, and turned with me into my room. "Anne," she continued, her tone full of kind, gentle compassion, "was Mr. Chandos speaking in that manner to you ?" "I deserved it," I sighed, "for I had no right to enter the west wing clandestinely. I went there in search of Lady Chandos. I want to leave, but I cannot go without first seeing her, and I thought I would try to do so, in spite of Hill." "And did you see her ?" questioned Mrs. Penn. "No ; I could not see her anywhere ; I sup- pose I did not go into all the rooms. But I saw some one else." "Who was it ?" "The strangest being," I answered, too ab- sorbed in the subject, too surprised and be- wildered, to observe my usual custom of telling nothing to Mrs. Penn. "He was sitting in an easy chair, supported by pillows ; a tall ema- ciated man, looking—oh, so ill ! His face was the thinnest and whitest I ever saw; but it had a likeness to Mr. Chandos." Had I been more collected, I might have seen how the revelation affected Mrs Penn. Just then my eyes and senses were, so to say, blinded. She put her hand on my arm, listening for more. "He startled me terribly ; I declare, at first sight, I did think it was a ghost. Why should he be hidden there ?—if he is hidden. Unless it is Sir Thomas Chandos come home from India —Mrs. Penn ! what's the matter ?" The expression of her countenance at length arrested me. Her face had turned white, her lips were working with excitement. "For the love of Heaven, wait !" she uttered. "A tall man, bearing a family likeness to Mr. Chandos—was that what you said ?" "A striking lik eness: allowing for the fact that Mr. Chandos is in health, and that the other looks as though he were dying. The eyes are not alike : his are large and dark, Mr. Chandos' blue. Why ? Perhaps it is Sir Thomas Chan- dos." "It is not Sir Thomas; he is a short, plain man, resembling his mother. No, no; I know too well who it is; and it explains the mystery of that west wing. All that has been so unac- countable to me since I have dwelt at Chandos is plain now. Dolt that I was never to have suspected it ! Oh ! but they were clever dis- semblers, with their sicknesses of my Lady Chandos !" She went out, and darted into the east wing. So astonished was I, that I stood looking after her, and saw her come quietly forth again after a minute or two, attired to go out. She was gliding down the stairs, when Mrs. Chandos likewise came from the east wing and called to her. "Mrs. Penn, where are you going ? I want you." Mrs. Penn, thus arrested, turned round, a vexed expression on her face. "I wish to do a very slight errand for myself, madam; I shall not be long." "I cannot spare you now; I cannot, indeed. You must defer it until to-morrow. I will not stay by myself now it is getting dusk. I am as nervous as I can be this evening. You are not half so attentive as Mrs. Freeman was; you are always away, or wanting to be." Mrs. Penn came slowly up the stairs again, untying her bonnet-strings. But I saw she had a great mind to rebel, and depart on her errand in defiance of her mistress. What could it to that she was so anxious for ? what was she going to do ? As she had passed to the stairs before being called back, the words "Down now with the Chandoses !" had reached my ears from her lips, softly spoken. I felt sick and frightened. What mischief might I not have caused by my incautious revelation ? Oh ! it seemed as though I had been treacherous to Chandos. Restless and uncomfortable, I was going into the oak-parlour a little later, when Lizzy Dene, in a smart new bonnet and plaid shawl, a small basket on her arm, came into the hall to say something to Hickens, who was there. "I suppose I may go out at this door, now I'm here ?" said she, afterwards ; and Hickens grunted out "Yes" as he withdrew. At that self-same moment Mrs. Penn came softly and swiftly down the stairs, and called to her. Nei- ther of them saw me just inside the parlour. "You are going out, I see, Lizzy. Will you do a little errand for me ?" "If it won't take long," was the girl's free answer. "But I have got leave to go out to tea, and am an hour later than I thought to be." "It will not take you a minute out of your way. You know where Mr. Edwin Barley lives —the new tenant. Go to his house with this note, and desire that it may be given to him : should he not be at home, say that it must be handed to him the instant he comes in. If you do this promptly,—and keep it to yourself, mind !—I will give you a crown-piece !" "I'll do it, and say 'thank ye,' too, ma'am," laughed Lizzy, in glee. She opened the lid of her basket, popped in the note, and went out at the hall- door. Mrs. Penn disappeared upstairs. But Lizzy Dene had halted in the portico, and had her face turned towards the skies. "Now, is it going to rain ?—or is it only the dusk of the evening ?" she deliberated aloud. "Better take an umbrella. I should not like my new shawl to be spoilt ; and they didn't warrant the blue in it, if it got a soaking." She put down the basket, and ran back to the kitchen. Now was my opportunity. I stole to the basket, lifted the lid, and took out the letter, trusting to good luck, and to Lizzy's not looking into the basket on her return. She did not. She came back with the um- brella, snatched up the basket by its two handles, and went down the broad walk at a run. With the letter grasped in my hand, I was hastening to my own room to read it in peace. "Read it !" interposes the reader, aghast at the dishonour. "Read it ?" Yes ; read it. I believed that the letter was full of treachery to the Chandos, and that I had unwittingly contributed to raise it, through my incautious revelation. Surely it was my duty now to do what I could to avert it, even though it involved the opening of Mrs. Penn's letter. A sudden light of suspicion seemed to have opened upon her—whispering a doubt that she was treacherous. "But in the hall I met the dinner coming in, and Mr. Chandos with it. Putting the note into my pocket, I sat down to table. It was a silent dinner save for the most ordi- nary courtesies; Mr. Chandos was grave, pre- occupied, and sorrowful ; I was as grave and preoccupied as he. When the servants left, he drew a dish of walnuts towards him, peeled some, and passed them to me ; then he began to peel for himself. It was upon my tongue to say No; not to accept them from him : but somehow words failed. "Anne, I have not understood you these last few days." The address took me by surprise, for there had been a long silence. He did not raise his eyes to mine as he spoke, but kept them on the wal- nuts. "Have you not, sir ?" "What could have induced you to intrude into the west wing, to-day ? Pardon the word, if it grates upon your ear ; that part of Chandos House is private; private and sacred ; known to be so by all inmates ; and for any one to enter unsolicited is an intrusion." "I am sorry that I went in—very sorry ; no one can repent of it now more than I do ; but I had an urgent motive for wishing to see Lady Chandos. I wish to see her still, if possible. I do not like to quit Chandos without it." "You are not going to quit Chandos ?" "I leave to-morrow, if it be practicable. If not the next day." "No," he said; "it must not be. I act for my mother, and refuse her sanction." Too vexed to answer, too vexed to remain at table, I rose and went to the fire, standing with my back to him. "What has changed you ?" he abruptly asked. "Changed me ?" "For some days now you have been unlike yourself. Why visit upon me the sins of an- other ? I suffer sufficiently as it is ; I suffer always." I could not understand the speech any more than if it had been Greek, and glanced to him for explanation. "I look back on my past conduct, and cannot see that I am to blame. We were thrown to- gether by circumstances ; and if love stole un- consciously over us, it was neither my fault nor yours. I was wrong, you will say, to avow this love ; I believe I was ; it might have been bet- ter that I had held my tongue. But—" "It would be better that you should hold it now, sir. I do not wish to enter upon any ex- planation. Quit your house I will. Lady Chandos, were she made acquainted with what has passed, would be the first to send me from it." Mr. Chandos rose and stood up by me. "Am I to understand that you wish to quit it because I have spoken of this love ?" "Yes ; and because—because it is no longer a fit residence for me." "Do you wish to imply that, under no circum- stances —that is, with any barrier that may exist now against my marrying removed—would you accept my love ?" The hot tears came into my eyes. Scarcely could I keep them from raining down. "I wish to imply—to say —that not under any alteration of circumstances that the world can bring about would I accept your love, Mr. Chandos. The very fact of your naming it to me is an insult." Ah, me ! and how passionately was I loving him in my heart all the time, even as I spoke it. "Very well. In that case it may be better that you quit Chandos. Should Miss Barlieu's answer prove favorable—I mean, if she assures you that danger from the fever is past—you shall be conveyed thither under proper escort." "Thank you," I answered, feeling, I do be- lieve, not half as grateful as I ought. "A moment yet. In case the danger is not past, you must remain here a little longer. There is no help for it. I will promise not to speak another unwelcome word to you, and to give you as little of my company as possible. We will both ignore the past as a pleasant dream, just as effectually gone as though it had not existed, will this content you ?" "Yes, sir." "Then I give you my honour that after this evening it shall be so. But we must have a few words together first. I have already intimated that I should not have spoken so soon but for perceiving that love had arisen on your side as well as mine. Now don't fly off at a tangent : I intend to have an explanation from you this night : an explanation that shall set things straight between us, or sever us for ever. We are not boy and girl that we should shrink from it. At least, if you are but a girl in years, you have sense and prudence and right feeling that belong rather to double your age." Standing there before me, calm and resolute, I knew there could be no avoidance of the ex- planation he sought. His was the master- spirit. But it was cruel to wish me to put it into words And so entirely needless ! "If I allude to your love for me, it is not needlessly to pain, or, as you may think, insult you : believe me, when I say it ; but only to call to your notice the inconsistency of your conduct. It is this that I require an explana- tion of. Child, you know you loved me," —and his hand slightly trembled as he laid it on my shoulder. "Whence, then, the sudden change ?" "I did not know your position then," I an- swered, meeting the words as I supposed he wished to force me to meet them, and taking a step backwards on the hearth-rug. "I cannot but think you must in some way be mistaking my position. Circumstances, very sad and grevious circumstances, are rendering it of brighter prospects. I am aware of the misfortune that attaches to my family, the dis- grace-that is reflected upon me : but you should not treat me as though the disgrace or the fault were mine. Surely there is no justice in resent- ing it on me ! You might have rejected me with civility." "I do not know what you are saying," I in- terrupted, passionately angry. "What is it to me, the disgrace attaching to your family ? That could not sway me. It is unknown to me." "Unknown to you ?" he repeated, in accents of surprise. "Entirely unknown, save for vague rumours that I have not wished to attend to. The dis- grace lies with you, sir, not with your family." "With me ? What have I done ? Do you mean in having spoken to you of love ?" he added, finding I did not answer. "At least, I do not see that disgrace can be charged on me for that. I intended to lay the case openly be- fore you, and it would have been at your option to accept or reject me." "Do you call deceit and dishonor no disgrace, Mr. Chandos ?" "Great disgrace. But I have not been guilty of either." "You have been guilty of both." "When ? and how ?" "To me. You know it. You know it, sir. Had my father been alive ; had I any friend in the world to protect me, I do not think you would have dared to speak to me of love." "Were your father, Colonel Hereford, alive, Anne, I should lay the whole case before him, and say —'Judge for yourself; shall or shall not your daughter be mine ?' I fancy he would find the objection less insuperable than you ap- pear to do." I believe I simply stared in answer to this. Calm, good, and noble he looked, standing there with his truthful eyes, speaking his apparently truthful words. It seemed that we must be at cross purposes. "When you spoke of the bar that existed to your marrying, you put it upon the hinted-at misfortunes, the disgrace attaching to your family, Mr. Chandos. But you never alluded to the real bar." "There is no other bar. But for that, I would like to make you my wife to-morrow. What have you got in your head ?" I knew what I was beginning to have in my temper. "If you continue to detain me here, sir, and to say these things, I will go straight with my complaint to Mrs. Chandos." "To Mrs. Chandos ! What good would that do ?" he coolly questioned. "Oh, sir, spare me ! I did not think you would behave so. Don't you see, putting me and my feelings out of the question, how all this wrongs her ?" He looked at me strangely, his countenance a puzzle. "What has Mrs. Chandos to do with it ? She is nothing to you or to me." "She is your wife, sir." His elbow displaced some ornament on the mantle-piece ; he had to turn and save it from falling. Then he faced me again. "My wife, did you say ?" And very ashamed I had felt to say it ; with my hot face and eyes bent on the carpet. "Mrs. Chandos is no wife of mine. I never was married yet. Did you go to sleep and dream it ?" Ah, how that poor foolish heart of mine stood still ! Was it possible that Mrs. Penn had been mistaken ?—that my misery had been without foundation ; my supposed offered in- sults only fancied ones ? No condemned crimi- nal, called forth from his cell to hear the re- prieve read that will restore to him the life he has forfeited, could experience a more intense revulsion of joy than I did then. I put my hands up in front of him : it was no moment for affectation and reticence. "Tell me the truth," I gasped, "the truth as before heaven ! Is, or is not, Mrs. Chandos your wife ?" He bent his head a little forward, speaking clearly and distinctly, with an emphasis on every word. "Mrs. Chandos is my sister-in-law. She is my brother's wife. It is the truth, in the presence of heaven." I covered my face with my hands to hide the blinding tears that fell on my cheeks of shame. To have made so dreadful a mistake !—and to have spoken of it ! Mr. Chandos took the hands away, holding them and me before him. "Having said so much, Anne, you must say more. Has this been the cause of your changed conduct. Whence could the strange notion have arisen ?" I spoke a few words as well as I could ; just the heads of what I had heard, and from whom. "Mrs. Penn ! Why she of all people must know better. She knows who Mrs. Chandos' husband is. Surely she cannot be mistaking me for my brother. "I thought, sir, you had no brother except Sir Thomas." "Yes, I have another brother," he answered, in a whisper. "You saw him to-day, Anne." "That poor sick gentleman, who looks so near the grave ?" "Even so. It is he who is the husband of Mrs. Chandos. The fact of his being at Chan- dos is unknown, not to be spoken of," he said, sinking his voice still lower, and glancing round the walls of the room, as though he feared they might contain eaves-droppers. "Take care that it does not escape your lips." Alas ! it had escaped them. I bent my head and my troubled face, wondering whether I ought to confess it to him. But he spoke again. "And so—this is the silly dream you have been losing yourself in ! Anne ! could you not have trusted me better ?" "You must please forgive me," I said, look- ing piteously at him through my tears. Forgive me ! He suddenly put out his arms and gathered me to his breast. "Will you recall your vow, child ; never— under any circumstances that the world can bring forth—to accept my love ?" he whispered. "Oh, Anne, my darling ! it would be cruel of you to part us." Never more would I doubt him, never more. True, kind, good, his face was bent, waiting for the answer. My whole heart, my trust went out to him, then and forever. I lifted my eyes with all their love, and stole my hand into his. Down came the kisses upon my lips by way of sealing the compact. "And so you are willing to trust me without the explanation ?" How willing, none save myself could tell. "Quite willing," I whispered; "I am certain you have not been guilty of any crime." "Never ; so help me heaven," he fervently answered. "But disgrace reflects upon me for all that, and you must give your final decision when you have heard it." Oh, but he knew ; the smile on his face be- trayed it ; that I should never go back from him again. I sat down in my chair : he put his elbow on the mantel-piece as before. "Anne, you will not run away from Chandos now." "Not to-morrow, sir." "Am I to be 'sir' always, you shy child ? But about this fable of yours connecting me with Mrs. Chandos ? It could scarcely have been Mrs. Penn who imparted it to you ?" "Indeed it was. She said a great deal more than that." "It is not possible she can be mistaking me for my brother," he repeated, in deliberation with himself. "This cannot be, for she believes him to be a fugitive. This is very strange, Anne." Perhaps Mrs. Penn is false ? I thought in my inmost heart. Perhaps she has a motive in wishing me to quit Chandos ? She had certainly done her best to forward it—and to prejudice me against him. "Do you know Mrs. Penn to be true to your interests, Mr. Chandos—I mean to those of the family ?" "I know nothing about her. Of course but for being supposed to be true and honorable she would not have been admitted here. My mother— Hark! What's that ?" A sound of wheels was heard, as of a carriage being driven to the door. Mr. Chandos turned to listen. It struck me that a sort of dread rose to his countenance. "What troubles you ?" I whispered, ap- proaching him. "You look as if there were cause for fear." He touched me to be quiet, listening while he answered. "There is ever cause for fear in this unhappy house. Do you remember the night that the police rode up, Anne ? I thought surely the blow had come. I know not whom this carriage may have brought : I am not expecting any body." We heard the door opened by one of the servants. Mr. Chandos took his hand off me and sat down again. "It may be Dr. Laken, sir." "No ; he could not be back yet." In another moment the doubt was solved. Hickens threw open the door to announce Madame de Mellissie. Chapter XXIV. GEORGE HENEAGE. They left me alone, and I sat down with my great weight of happiness. Oh, the change that had passed over me ! He was not married ; he was true and honourable, and he loved me ! Everything else went out of my head, even the letter I held, still unopened ; but when I should have thought of it I cannot say, but for the voice of Mrs. Penn in the hall, speaking in covert tones. It came to my memory then, fast enough. Was she going to steal out, as she had pre- viously essayed to do ? I went to the door, and opened it about an inch. Lizzy Dene stood there. "How early you are home !" Mrs. Penn was saying. "Did you deliver the letter ?" "Yes, ma'am," was Lizzy's ready answer. "A young man came to the door, and I asked if Mr. Barley was at home, and he said, 'Yes, all alone,' so I gave him the note, and he took it in." "Thank you, Lizzy," answered Mrs. Penn, complacently. "There's the five shillings I promised you." "Many thanks all the same to you, ma'am, but I'd rather not take it," replied Lizzy, to my great astonishment, and no doubt to Mrs. Penn's. "I'm well paid here, and I don't care to be re- warded for any little extra service. It's all in the way of the day's work." They parted, Mrs. Penn going up the stairs again. But a startling doubt had come over me at Lizzy Dene's words : could I have taken the wrong letter from the basket ? I hastened back to the light, and drew it forth. No, it was all right : it was directed to Mr. Edwin Barley. What could Lizzy Dene mean by saying she had delivered it ? I wondered, as I tore it open, and read: "I am overwhelmed with astonishment. I was coming round to your prohibition, to tell you what I have discovered, but was prevented by Mrs. Chandos. He is here ! I am as cer- tain of it as that I am writing these words : and it sets clear the mystery of that closely guarded west wing, which has been as a closed book to me. Anne Hereford went surrepti- tiously in there just now, and saw what she describes as a tall, emaciated object, reclining in an invalid chair, whose face bore a striking re- semblance to that of Harry Chandos. There can be no doubt that it is he, not the slightest in the world; you can therefore take immediate steps, if you choose, to have him apprehended. My part is now over. "C. D. P." The contents of the letter frightened me. What mischief had I not caused by that in- cautious revelation to Mrs. Penn !—Mrs. Penn, the treacherous—as she undoubtedly was. "Take immediate steps to have him appre- hended." Who was he ? what had he done ? and how did it concern Mr. Edwin Barley ? Surely I ought to acquaint Mr. Chandos, and show him the note without loss of time ! He was in the west wing. Should I send Hickens to knock at the door, or go myself ? Better go myself, instinct told me. I ran lightly up the stair. Peeping out at east wing door, listening and prying, was the head of Mrs. Penn. "They have quite a soiree in the west wing to-night," she said to me, as I passed ; "a family gathering : all of them at it, save Sir Thomas. Whither are you off too so fast ?" "I have a message for the east wing," I answered, as I brushed on, and knocked at the door. Hill came to unfasten it. She turned despe- rately savage when she saw me. "I am not come to intrude, Hill. Mr. Chan- dos is here, is he not ?" "What's that to anybody ?" retorted Hill. "He is wanted, that is all. Be so good as ask him to step down to the oak-parlour. At once, please ; it is very pressing." Hill banged the door in my face, and bolted it. Mrs. Penn, whose soft steps had come steal- ing near, seized hold of me by the gathers of my dress as I would have passed her. "Anne, who wants Mr. Chandos ? Have the police come ?" "I want him; I have a message for him," I boldly answered, the remembrance of her treachery giving me courage to say it. "Why should the police come ? What do you mean ?" "As they made a night invasion of the house once before, I did not know but they might have done it again. How tart you are this even- ing !" I broke from her and ran down to the parlour. Mr. Chandos was in it nearly as soon. "Hill said I was wanted. Who is it, Anne ? Do you know ?" "You must forgive me for having ventured to call you, Mr. Chandos. I have been the cause of some unhappy mischief, and how I shall make the confession to you I hardly know. But, made it must be, and there's no time to be lost." "Sit down and don't excite yourself," he re- turned. "I dare say it is nothing very formid- able." "When we were speaking of the gentle- man I saw before dinner in the west wing, you warned me that his being there was a secret which I must take care not to betray." "Well ?" "I ought to have told you then—but I had not the courage but I had already betrayed it. In the surprise of the moment, as I left the west wing after seeing him, I mentioned it to Mrs. Penn. It was done thoughtlessly ; not intentionally ; and I am very sorry for it." "I am sorry also," he said, after a pause. "Mrs. Penn ?" he slowly continued, as if deli- berating whether she were a safe person or not. "Well, it might possibly have been imparted to a worse." "Oh, but you have not heard all," I feverishly returned. "I do not think it could have been imparted to a worse than Mrs. Penn ; but I did not know it then. I believe she has been writing to Mr. Edwin Barley." My fingers were trembling, my face I know flushed. Mr. Chandos laid his cold hand upon me. "Take breath, Anne ; and calmness. I shall understand it better." I strove to do as he said and tell what I had to tell in as few words as possible. That I had said it must be Sir Thomas Chandos ; that Mrs. Penn, wildly excited, said it was not Sir Thomas ; and so on to the note she gave Lizzy Dene. Mr. Chandos grew a little excited him- self as he read the note. "Nothing could have been more unfortunate than this. Nothing; nothing." "The most curious thing is, that when Lizzy Dene came back she affirmed to Mrs. Penn that she had delivered the note," I resumed. "I cannot make that out." Mr. Chandos sat thinking, his pale face full of trouble and perplexity. "Could Mrs. Penn have written two notes, think you, Anne ?" "I fear to think so : but it is not impossible. I only saw one in the basket ; but I scarcely noticed in my hurry." "If she did not write two, the mischief as yet is confined to the house, and I must take care that for this night at least it is not carried beyond it. After that—" He concluded his sentence in too low a tone to be heard, and rang for Hickens. The man came immediately, and his master spoke. "Hickens, will you lock the entrance doors of the house, back and front, and put the keys into your pocket. No one most pass out of it again to-night." Hickens stared as if stupefied. It was the most extraordinary order ever given to him at Chandos. "Why, sir" he cried, "whatever for ?" "It is my pleasure, Hickens," replied Mr Chandos, in his quiet tone of command. "Lock the doors and keep the keys ; and suffer no person to go out on any pretence whatsoever. No person that the house contains, you under- stand, myself excepted. Neither Mrs. Chandos nor Mrs. Penn; Miss Hereford"—turning to me with a half smile—"or the servants. Should any one of them present themselves at the door, and, finding it fast, ask to be let out, say you have my orders not to do it." "Very well, sir," replied the amazed Hickens. "There's two of the maids out on an errand now, sir; are they to be let in?" "Certainly. But take care that you fasten the door afterwards again. Go at once and do this ; and then send Lizzy Dene to me." Away went Hickens. Mr. Chandos paced the room until Lizzy Dene appeared. "Did you want me, sir ?" "I do. Come in and shut the door. What I want from you, Lizzy, is a trifling bit of in- formation. If, as I believe, you are faithful to the house you serve and its interests, you will give it me truthfully. Did Mrs. Penn give you a letter some two or three hours ago, to deliver at Mr. Edwin Barley's ?" "Yes, sir," was the reply, spoken without hes- itation or embarrassment, though with some sur- prise. "Did you deliver it ?" Lizzy hesitated now, and Mr. Chandos re- peated his question. "Now only to think that one can't meet with an accident without its being known all round as soon as done !" she exclaimed. "If I had thought you had anything to do with the matter, sir, I'd have told the truth when I came back ; but I was afraid Mrs. Penn would be angry with me." "I shall be pleased to hear that the letter was not delivered," said Mr. Chandos. "So tell the truth now." "Where I could have lost it, master, I know no more than the dead," she resumed. "I know I put it safe in my basket ; and though I did run, it could not have shaken out, because the lid was shut down; but when I got to Mr. Barley's, and went to take it out, it was gone. Sleighted off right away ; just like that letter you lost from the hall table, sir. What to do I didn't know, for I had given a good pull at their bell before I found out the loss. But I had got another letter in my basket " "Another letter ?" interrupted Mr. Chandos, thinking his fears were verified. "Leastways, as good as a letter, sir. As luck would have it, when I was running down the avenue, I met the young man from the fancy draper's shop in the village, and he thrust a folded letter in my hands. 'For Lady Chandos, and mind you give it her,' says he, 'for it's a list of our new fashions.' So, what should I do, sir, when I found the other was gone, but give in the fashions to Mr. Barley's young man 'And mind you take it in to your master without no delay,' says I, 'for its particular. He'll wonder what they want, sending him the fashions," concluded Lizzy. "You said nothing to Mrs. Penn of this?" "Well—no, sir, I didn't. I meant, when she found it out, to let her think I had given in the wrong letter by mistake. I don't suppose hers was of much consequence, for it was only writ in pencil. I didn't take the money she offered me, though ; I thought that wouldn't be fair as I had not done the service." "And my desire is, that you say nothing to her," said Mr. Chandos. "Let the matter rest as it is." Mr. Chandos looked very grave after Lizzy Dene withdrew, as though he were debating something in his mind. Suddenly he spoke. "Anne, cast your thoughts back a few years. Was there anyone in Mr. Edwin Barley's house, at the time Philip King was killed, at all answering the description of Mrs. Penn?" I looked at him in simple astonishment. "It has struck me once or twice that Mrs. Penn must have been in the house, or very near it, by the knowledge she has of details, great and small. And it would almost seem now, Anne, as though she were in league with Edwin Barley, acting as spy." "No one whatever was there except servants and Charlotte Delves." "Stop a bit. Charlotte Delves—C. D. P.; C. D. would stand for that name. Is Mrs. Penn Charlotte Delves ?" The question nearly took my breath away. "But, Mr. Chandos, look at Mrs. Penn's hair! Charlotte Delves had pretty hair—very light ; quite different from this." He smiled sadly. "You must be inexperi- enced in the world's fashions, my dear, if you have believed the present color of Mrs. Penn's hair to be natural. She must have dyed her hair, intending, no doubt, to change it to golden: instead of which it has come out of the ordeal a blazing vermilion. I think Mrs. Penn is Charlotte Delves." Little by little, as I compared the past Char- lotte Delves with the present Mrs. Penn, the truth dawned upon me. All that was obscure, that had puzzled me in the likeness I could not trace, became clear. She had grown older; she had grown much stouter; the shape of both figure and face had changed ; Mrs. Penn, with a plump face and glowing red hair, taken back, was quite another person from Miss Delves, with a thin face, and long fair ringlets shading it. "You are right," I said, in a low, earnest tone. "It is Charlotte Delves." "And she has been here trying to find out what she can of George Heneage. I see it all." "But, Mr. Chandos, what is George Heneage to you ?" "He is my brother, Anne. He is George Heneage," he added, pointing in the direction of the west wing. He George Heneage ! I sat in greater and greater amazement. But, as I had traced the likeness in Charlotte Delves, so, now that the clue was given me, did I see that the resem- blance which had so haunted me in Mr. Chan- dos was to the George Heneage of that unhappy time. "You were but a child, you know, then. And a child's remembrance does not retain faces very long." "But, Mr. Chandos, how can George Hene- age be your brother ?" "Is it perplexing you ? Soon after the sad time of which we know too much, my father, Sir Thomas Heneage, had a large estate—this— bequeathed to him by Mr. Chandos, my mother's brother, on condition that he assumed the name. You may be sure we lost no time in doing so,—too thankful to drop our own, which George had disgraced." "Then—his name is no longer George Hene- age, but George Chandos ?" I said, unable to take the facts in quickly. "Strictly speaking, our name is Heneage- Chandos; and Heneage-Chandos we should have been always styled. But we preferred to drop the name of Heneage completely. It may be—I don't know—that we shall take it up again hereafter." "And where has he been all this while ?" "Ah, where ! You may well ask. Leading the life of a miserable, exiled man, conscious that Edwin Barley was ever on the watch for him, seeking to bring him to trial for the murder of Philip King." "Did your brother really do it ?" I asked, in a low tone. "In one sense, yes. He killed Philip King, but not intentionally. So much as this he said to me for the first time only two days ago. Were he brought to trial, there could be no doubt of his condemnation and execution—and only think of the awful fear that has been ours ! You can now understand why I and my brother Thomas have felt ourselves bound in honor not to marry while that possible disgrace was hang- ing over us. Ill-fated George !" "Has he been concealed here always ?" "That would have been next to impossible," replied Mr. Chandos, with a half smile at my simplicity. "He has been here a short time: and no end of stratagems have we had to resort to, to conceal the fact. My mother has been compelled to feign illness, and remain in the west wing, that an excuse might be afforded for provisions and things being carried up. I have assumed the unenviable character of a sleep- walker ; we have suffered the report that my dead father, Sir Thomas, haunted the pine- walk, without contradicting it." "And are you not a sleep-walker ?— and is there no ghost ?" I breathlessly interrupted. "The only ghost, the only sleep- walker, has been poor George," he sadly answered. "You saw him arrive, Anne." "I !" "Have you forgotten the night when you saw me—as you thought—dodging in and out of the trees, as if I wished to escape observation, and finally disappearing within the west wing? It was George. The next morning you accused me of having been there ; I knew I had not, and positively denied it. Later I found that George had come : and then I amused you with a fable of my being addicted to sleep-walking. I knew not what else to invent ; anything to cast off suspicion from the right quarter ; and I feared you would be seeing him there again." "But—is it not highly dangerous for him to have ventured here ?" "Aye. After the misfortune happened he lay a short while concealed at Heneage Grange, where we then lived, and eventually escaped to the Prussian dominions. We heard nothing of him for some time, though we were in the habit of remitting him funds periodically for his sup- port. But one night he made his appearance here ; it was not long after we had settled at Chandos ; startling my mother and Hill nearly out of their senses. They concealed him in the west wing, and Lady Chandos feigned illness and remained in it with him, as she has done this time. He did not stay long ; but hence- forth we could be at no certainty, and took to leaving the lower entrance door of the west wing unfastened at night, so that he might enter at once, should he arrive a second time. Three or four times in all has he come, including this." "But it must surely be hazardous ?" "Nothing can be more so ; not to speak of the constant state of suspense and anxiety it keeps us all in. He declares he is obliged to come or die ; that he is attacked with the mal du pays, the yearning for home, to such an extent that when the fit comes on him, he is forced to come and risk it. More dangerous, too, than his actually being here, is his walking out at night in the grounds ; and he will do it in spite of remonstrance. George was always given to self-will." "Does he walk out ?" "Does he ? Why, Anne, need you ask the question ? Sometimes at dusk, sometimes not until midnight, at any hour just as the whim takes him, out he will go. He has led so rest- less a life that walking once or twice in the twenty-four hours is essential, or he could not exist. Have you not seen the 'ghost' yourself more than once ? Were you not terrified at it in the corridor ? Do you forget when I gathered your face to me in the dark walk, while some one passed ? I feared that you should see him —should detect that it was a living man, real flesh and blood, not a harmless ghost. Very glad were we when servants, at his first visit, took up the theory of a ghost in place of any more dangerous notion. From them it spread outside, so that the Chandos ghost has become public rumor and public property." "Do the servants know that you have this brother ?" "Hickens and some of the elder ones of course know it : know all he was accused of, and why he went into exile ; but so many years have elapsed since, that I feel sure the remem- brance of him has nearly died out. This visit has been worse for us than any, owing to the proximity of Edwin Barley." "You think Edwin Barley has been looking out for him ?" "Think ! I know it. Something must have arisen to give him the notion that George had returned to England, and was in hiding : though he could not have suspected Chandos, or he would have had it searched. Many things that we were obliged to say and do appear to have been very foolish, looking back, and they will seem still more so in after years ; but they were done in dread fear. The singular thing is that Mrs. Penn—being here to find out what she could—should not have hit upon the truth before." "Would Mr. Edwin Barley cause him to be apprehended, do you think ?" "He will apprehend him the very moment that news shall reach his ears," spoke Mr. Chandos, lifting his hands in agitation. 'Liv- ing, or—dead, I had all but said—at any rate, living or dying, Edwin Barley will seize upon George Heneage. I do not say but he would be justified." "Oh, Mr. Chandos ! Can you not take him somewhere for escape ?" He sadly shook his head. "No. George is past being taken. He has grown worse with rapid quickness. Yesterday I should have said his hours were numbered ; today he is so much better that I can only think he has entered on a renewed lease of life. At least of some days." "What is it that is the matter with him ?" "In my opinion it is a broken heart. He has fretted himself away. Think what exist- ence has been for him. In exile under a false name ; no home, no comfort, an innocent man's death upon his conscience : and living, whether at home or abroad, in the ever-perpetual dread of being called upon to answer publicly for what has been styled murder. The doctors call it decline. He is a living shadow." "And Mrs. Chandos is his wife. Oh, poor thing, what a life of sadness hers must be !" "Mrs. Chandos was his wife ; in one sense of the word is his wife still, for she bears his name," he gravely answered. "But I have a word to say to you, Anne, respecting Mrs. Chandos. Mrs. Penn—I shall begin to doubt whether every word and action of that woman be not false, put forth with a covert motive— informed you Mrs. Chandos was my wife, know- ing perfectly well to the contrary. Mrs. Chan- dos was never my wife, Anne, but she was once my love." A chill stole over my heart. "I met with her when she was Ethel Wynne; a fair, soft-mannered girl, and I learned to love her with impassioned fervour. We became engaged, and were to be married later: I was only two-and-twenty then, she seventeen. She came to Heneage Grange on a visit ; she and her eldest sister, since dead. Little thought I that my sweet, soft-mannered girl was eaten up with ambition. One morning at breakfast a letter was brought in to my father. It was from India, and contained news of the death of my brother Tom ; which, I need not tell you, who know that he is alive yet, was premature. Captain Heneage had been in action, the letter stated, was desperately wounded, and taken up for dead. Tom wrote us word afterwards that it was only when they went to bury him that they discovered he was alive. But he is given to joking. Well, we mourned him as dead ; and George, in his free, careless manner, told Ethel she had better have engaged herself to him than to me, for that he could make her Lady Heneage, being the heir now, which Harry never could. That George had always admired her, was certain. He had a weakness for pretty women. But for that weakness, and Mrs. Edwin Barley's being pretty, Philip King might be alive now." Mr. Chandos paused a moment, and then went on in a lower tone, bending rather nearer to me : "Anne, will you believe than in less than two weeks' time they had gone away to- gether ?" "Who had ?" "George and Ethel Wynne. They had gone to be married. When they returned, man and wife, my mother, Lady Heneage, would have refused to receive them, but Sir Thomas, ever lenient to us all, persuaded her. A marriage entered into as theirs had been would bring plenty of punishment in its wake, he observed. The punishment—for Ethel, at any rate—had already begun. She liked me best, far best, but ambition had temporarily blinded her. She married George on the strength of his being heir apparent to the title, and news had now arrived that my brother Thomas was alive, and progressing steadily towards health." "And you—what did you do ?" I interrupted. "I hid my bruised feelings, and rode the high horse of mocking indifference ; letting none suppose that false Ethel had left a wound. The wound was there, and a pretty sharp one ; five fathom deep, though I strove to bury it." He paused an instant, and then went on: "In six months' time she and George were tired of each other—if appearances might be trusted— and he spent a great deal of his time abroad. Ethel resented it : she said he had no right to go out taking pleasure without her; but George laughed off the complaints in his light way. They made their home at Heneage Grange, and had been married nearly a year when George went on that fatal visit to Mr. Edwin Barley's." "Then—when that calamity took place he had a wife !" I exclaimed, in surprise : I sup- pose because I had never heard it at the time. "Certainly. The shock to Ethel was dread- ful. She believed him guilty. Brain fever at- tacked her, and she has never been quite bright in intellect since, but is worse at times than others. Hers is a disappointed life. She had married George in the supposition that he was heir to the baronetcy; she found herself the wife of an exiled man, an accused murderer." "Has she been aware of the secret visits of her husband ?" "They could not be kept entirely from her. Since the calamity, she has never been cordial with him : acquaintances they have been, but no more : it almost seems as though Ethel had forgotten that other tie once existed between them. She is most anxious to guard his secret ; our only fear has been that she might inad- vertently betray it. For this we would have concealed from her his presence here as long as might be, but she has always found it out and resented it loudly, reproaching me and my mother with having no confidence in her. You must remember the scene in the corridor when I locked the door of your room: Ethel had just burst into the west wing with reproaches, and they, George and my mother, were bringing her back to her own apartments. She goes there daily now, and reads the Bible to him." [TO BE CONTINUED.] 