HUNTER ELECTORATE. I THE NOMINATION. 1 Tho nomination or candidates for the representation or me Homier took pleoeon Monday, December 13, near lie Conn boaee, West Htiiland, tbs assemblage beiog abont 600. The Bbtdesiko-ophceb (Mr. Lindsay) same forward and read tbe writ. Giobge Vindik, Esq., begged to iuform tbe elector! he fatd been requested by Mr. Greeo to withdraw his same, on account of hu renent aooident. He thanked those who had promised him tbeir support, and hoped on aornn future oooasion, if spared, to again solicit their euffragM. (Oheers.l Mr. W. Nicholboh proposed, and Mr. HocBEa seoonded the nomination of, Mr. A. Boggis. ? Mr. Wolbtenholmb propo.ed. end Mr. B. Scobih seconded the nomination or, Mr. I. F. Bums. Mr. W. H. Mulleh proposed, and Mr. MTflllliUY seconded the nomination of, Mr. John Dillon. Mr. Boa a is on coming forward, was reeeived with oheers. He wai aware thst h* aaplred to an honorable position, bat it was sot presumption* on his part to seek the honour (Cheers, and Tea it fa.) They boa.iel of livlog is « demo, oratlc country posaenlng free eonstitntions and liberal Government, and in the f«e of tbat fsot, the bnmblest man 1b the community might sBpirs 10 it. In America. Utlora and railspliuers were uleoted as President!, and should lc 1 ? u il., i__ 1.-1..™ «m«hkm*aJ whli ftia Ppaqb ftir tan tm-b 98 8K1D. IHQI H.9 UOlOg DUIJUOtJltaU nuu *uo *ibbb i-»i i-au jboiq in this oolony waBto beoooaldered presamptaons f Alluding to tbe melanoholy aooident tbat bud happened to Mr, Grees, ba deeply regretted enoh ca:amiiy. When he heard of the terrible cslamity bis eonl ww filled witb bitterness and drank with wormwood, (Caeen.) Be hoped to meet Mr. Green st the next eleotion rentored to health, and a candidate for their suffrages. Mr. Boggis here read an extract from Lord Brougham'e work on Cenetitulional GoTernmentpond quoted an article from tbe Westminister Eeview upon the Constilntlon of the Victorian Aeiembly aa some guide to tbeir obolce. Mr. Bums, he said, was at BiskeiTs Bridge tbe other night; bat finding him (Mr. Boggif) their he runaway; bPt he (Mr. Boggle) had noir met him before tbe tribunal of the people. He considered him one of tbe greatest political traitors in the country. Confuticn and obeers.) He spoke only of bis oonduot n the House, not of his nrlvite character. Mr. Burns said on Ue occasion or nis laat eleouon inai no woold go in pledged not to eapport parties, but to vote for measures. Had he dune so ? (No, no.) .He Jiad supported oneofthevilestlfactionsthathed ever disgraced the coloojr. (Che»rs.J He deeerted the leadership of one of the moat liberal, enlightened, and foremost statesman in the country. He wont in to enpport Cowper'i party, but after adhering to it for a time, he left il, and bad eince given bis unclvided aod nnecropulous flnppon to the Msriln-Parkes parly. What had tbe parly done to which Bnrne had given biB edbeaion. They puaed tbe Treason- Felon? Act, a blot on any ttaiute boob. (Uproar, So it is, end dis sent.) Some one esid no. That gentleman differed from tbe Date of Buckingham end from tbe Queen, who would not give that Aotber sanction, but sent it buok again to Parkes. (Cheers.) Mr. Bums a short time eirco WCUl IO IjOCJIUIVIU, W glTO DQ DUUUUUl VI u,DBi.nniu.ui|iiua promised to aid iB repealing the Felony Act, but when Mr. Drirer proposed its repeal, they would remember Mr. Burns was again faitbleaB to his promiBo, and voted once more for this obnoxious Act. A tcbeme of retrenchment was pro poBed by the Kobertson Government, which would have resulted in saving the oountrj £60,000 in police expenditure alone. Mr. Burns admitted a saving was possible, bat joined Martin and Parkas in their endeavoDr to dereat it. (U prow,) Tbe reason Mr. Burns deserted Mr. Cowpoi, be eai-% was beoause the latter waa beginning to think ba wbb the OBly man that could govern tbe oountry. (OoulnBion.) Mr. Burns, it w«8 well known, had voted and talked sgaintt time, and after against sense. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Boggle enumerated some of the measures ssrried by the Bdminis, t ration Mr. Unrnshad so penleientl; supported, namely, tbe Workhouse Bill; the propoial of the Martin Government to borrow three millions to carry on tbe Goutbern railways at the expense and 10 tbe neglect of the Northern once The arrangements made by the htaven-bcmTreasuier, the Colo nial Gladstone, Mr. Eagar, to pay Kolm and Co half a mil lion interest ; and tbe accamulaiive clanee in the Municipal Act. and all this in face ol the fast thut the conduct of the Martin Government bad been condemned in Mr. Duncan's case by the newepfipera threughoDt the colony. Then there waa tbe Kiama Ghost affair, end tbe oab-bire business. (Loud laugh ter.) Mr. Parkes was ashamed of the tusa he hud made about that matter. Mr. P-rkoB raaiened nn snnonnt of thn(3hORt fanslneSB. ftnd Mr. Docker elevated to the high, impartial, and honorable post. ion of Colonial Secretary. Tbe party eupporled by Mr: Burns had spoken egalnst time and obstructed the public business at a oott every night the Aesembly eat ot £300. They pre vented the Boberlson Government from developing Its policy, Bid denied It tbe jnstice to whioh it was entitled He concluded by recapitulating tbe chief portions of tiU poli tical oieed, aud sutad that be could reproaent them lor three years, aud live in Sydney on his means. (A voice: Fa) me the 12s. you owe me.) He;deniod owing the mooey. Let lbs party reoover the same in the Court, if he w«e able. Tbe candidate spoke for two hoars and a half, andrelired with cheers. Mr. Bubhs was greeted with applause. He had some doubt that morning in what way he was to addreBs them, because be bad so frequently given hie opinion, &c;, he felt it was only in regard to his past career that he was called npon to speak at any length upon public affaire. Mr. Boris's Bpeeuii reoaeiGU n Decennary lu nay buHiebuiDif Muuut uiugn with whom ho acted, and on his paBt conduct. He felt all be could say would make but little difleronoe to ibe result of this eloo'ion. They had all made up their minds. Long epeeohes nor misrepresentations from otberB woold effect bis position on the poll Mr. Boggis hod charged taim with beluga traitor. To whom was bea traitor? Who did he pledge him self to support? He had told them he would go In unpledged —he would vote for any measure on its merits. (A voice: Toudiduotdo tbat.) He was not there la satisfy some peuple, bat to try to remove Borne prejudices nBed by Mr. Boggis end other.-. Mr. Boggis bad tola them at great length of what had been done by Parkee and Martin. He (Mr. Burns) would rather fellow tbe lend of Mr. Parfces than of Boberlson and Cowper. (Uproar.) It bsd been said tbat Mr. Forkas'B election for East Sydney was due to tbe Orangemen; bat there were not enough Orangemen in Sydney to do it. Mr. Parkes owed Ilia election to the sumher of ueeful naoaiuret introduced. Mr. FarkeB hed been accused of exciting tbe feelings of one denomination againat another; but hie actions were misrepresented by Mr; Robertson, Id order to excite tbe minds of the Catholic people of the country. Tbe Ednoation Bill was the wiaeBt measure o»-r passed in the oelony. He would vote for its being made more entirely seoular, end for its being iplaeed in oharge of a Minister. (Interruption.) He acknowledged thai, having regard to the many measures oarried by Messrs. Cowper md Kobertson he had felt disposed to support tbat Government in many of their proceedings; but the Land Act would never have passed, us far as Mr. Bobertson was concerned, if twenty six members bad resolved if tbe Government did not pass It they would join together and pat them out or office. He had given tbe Cowper-Babertson party a general support, but he felt that jobbery and corruption were largely prevalent, and deemed ithls duty to lake a more indepenaent course. On private grounds he bsd a regard for both Mr. Cowper ind Mr. Kobertson; but peliticelly be could not see much in ibsm tooontinne 10 give them support. (Oisson eion.) He denied that Mr. farkei bad tried to set -lass against class. [Voice : Yes ; he has.] He denied it. Ho, Mr. Burns. waB not disposed to inquire what a man e creed or country was ; bat when hesaw Mr. Robertson espousing mea sures BOlely for the purpose of exciting class feelings, ha could only regard bim as an enemy to tbecoumry. Mr. Burus details j Mr. Dillon's oaieet length, amid manifest elcne of impatience. Tbe guestion of the election, he added, waa whether tbe Kibortson Government was entitled to receive pnblio confidence. (Yes ) He aald no. It was a great pity that in many eases tha electors attend vote for eeotiriau reacona and npon teoterlaa. grounds. Mr Burns criticised the liobertBon scheme uf retrenchment, the circumal&ncea; under nbiob tbe ad valorem dnties were pasned, tha proposed trade license of Mr. Samuel, and expre-sod Ma dissatisfac tion witb the proposal lor au income or property tax. He renewed the arguments of tho Ute Opposition in rasped to tbeprobuble deficiency, and brought forward the case of HssbbI and Bodd. In conclusion, he would, if eleoted, attend faltbrall) 10 ell local matters, and he trusted they would reiarn him for tbe third time. Tbe eatijeotuf floud preven tion was also spoten of by Mr BurnB, in answer to a question put by An elector. Mr. Dillon was received with deafening obeers. He in tended 10 cave given tbem a. fa'I exposition of bis views on all matters -jf public interest likely tooicupyibe next Par. 1 ament, but was sure they muet be tired of listening to the long epeecheB of tboBe who bed preoeded him. HiB opinions were already knonn to most of them. (Cbeere.) B fere going farther, he would express his regret, arid all here must sympathise with him, at the calamity tbat bed befallen one who had. been a candidate, but by thnt calamity bad been prevented from coming forward oir. Dillon deeply regrttted 'he acci dent to Mr. Green. (Hear, hear.) There bad been an endaavour to raise n religious cry amongst the electors, but tbey bid too much inteliigtn.ee, too much experience of maokicd to be affected by anch etumus: these nuernpls owed their rrigin to party motiree, end aloud at exciting tee wont feelings tfhumtn nature. He denied that in going into tb« Atsemcly, h* was going to represent tny canicular met. Dnring bis candidature, he had no cowmcticn with any clergyman of any religious denomination, (applause.) And' no one cjuld eey be bad. Taoy canld ill undsrttans tbe meaning of ibe insinuation, and why it wae put f.rth. (Obeers) Ue had no sucb viens in seeking election at their bands, lii. educsttou and training bad induced him 10 te liberal minded, regarding no difference of creed, whether Protestant, Presbyterian, or Jew. (Applause.) Ho bad not spoken, to Uis knowledge, an unkind word of any person who differed from hiimelf lu religious opinions, and be trnsred tbey woald uot be guile* yy tbe miserable cry rais«d only for the purpose of geiting support. He wonld support tne Kobertson Ministry, ami wontd resist to the utmost tbe factltn which supported Mr. Parkes end Co., wb?ch eougbt to aow din-ensi. nm the land by introducing into Ibie colony those differences which bad injured tbe Borne country, rending and teaiing asunder eociety there. Witb regard to Mr. Bogota's statement of bis nnfiinFS^ in regard to bis ycutn uud his profei- eion as u lawyer, be would refer tbem to the oaroer of Dflley, Plankett, R'entwortk, Windeyer, ami Viohols One ol tbil number oad bean appointed Sobciloi-Gener.l of this colony I at about 21 years of eg-'. These men adorned tbeir pro- ? feseiou end manhood. He denieil that ha vaa tco young. If ? o, where were they to get their future men of eruinence end ubility. He would support itoe Public Soh»i,ls Aot, but woald like to a see more Denominational or entirely eecu ar spirit diffused into ii. (Cheers.) Mr.Di Ion bete marie some good eapgeetion*, but fr-im the noise and elemour of voicee, it vf«e lmpoBslfcle to gather tbo precise words He hau lately travelled tbecoanliy, or «ome partd of it. and would lite loseeamoregenerelcaliure of tne Tine, us ibe wheat crops bad failed from lime to time. He had been informed tbe culture of tie former conld be made productive, »nd would like id see tbe smaller farmers, who had hem oriven to'heirlaitregjuroesoeuefiiled by embarking in tbat pur suit. Hu would like to sea all oolonial ir.dusirieB fostered. A question was here asxid sbetbnr he wished Mr. Bongis to ? etire in bis favour on payment of bis expeusm. (Hunter: So) He would remind Uiem in asking lor their saffrons., thai he had been born and educated in the district. Their vtaols were all known to him, aud his iutercet lay emongst Ibem. (Loudcbeera.) The . etobnixo.Oiticiib having called for » show tf hands declared aa f«lWs :— Biggla, 10; Burns. 15 ; fJlltDn, 150\. Jndging, however, from tne asenmblaje tbe ehjw of hands wen greatly in esoesa of their nnmbera. Mr. Boggib proposed a vote of tbsnks to tbe Returning Officer. Tbe motion was eecDnded by Ur, Dillon, a- d o-rr^d by acclamation. Three cheers for me lion John Bobensun, and three cheers for ibe Queen closea the proceejings which were srdeily aod wetl oonduoted throughout. Letter Etialisq bt a Pcstmah. - il ichael C'l Ugan, who ctands committed for ttial for having, vrhen employed *b a letter caxripr, etolen a loiter coDt- iaing a chique and money, tho property of Mr. W. H. Mtllcn, of WeBt Maitland, etandu further remenied oa s etaasd charge cf eteiling a kticr contiining a chiqae for £6, toe property of the Postmu:er-atneuL A Laeoi Sviks. — A correspondent wriieB that on TuesJay Mr. N. Barlow, of Duck Oreek, ±tietamond Eivcr. fonaerly of the railway works on the Goulburu .estesHon, tjlled b larga oirpet-anaka, Its length wbb 12 feet 1| inckea, and its girth wm 11 inchts. On opening It ror the putpoea of raving the skin, he found it contained fifty-six young wakes, from 6 to 9 inches long; also eighteen eggs abort the bus of a small hen's ?gt;.— Gtmlbam Herald. 