LIFE IN THE FAR WEST. BY LEON LEWIS, AUTHOR OF " THE WAGGON TRAIN," " THE WITCH FINDER," " THE WATER WOLF," ETC., ETC. CHAPTER XXIII. KIT AND THE CAPTIVES. A FEW swift glances sufficed to Kit to note the details of the camp he had so boldly invaded. It was a moving camp, of course, changing its location every few weeks. No sooner had the band of Red Knife exhausted the grass and other supplies in one neighborhood than they removed to another, as is the custom among the Indians. It was a very condition of their exist- ence for them to live on the wing, now here, now there, and to fly like birds of prey, to a new retreat the moment a sign of danger reached them in their old one. It was in this way that this dreaded band had so long pre- served the secret of its haunts, and bidden its enemies defiance. Kit had considered these facts, and this was why he had instantly followed the trail of the marauders, single-handed, without waiting to collect settlers or soldiers. He had compre- hended that he must pursue them immediately, or olso lose sight of them altogether, and thus be thrown entirely into the realms of chance & and conjecture. Their presont camp was located, as already in- dicated, beside a little stream issuing from one of the upper springs of the Loup river, near the edge of the Great Sand Hilis, at a distance of two or three days' journey from the Platte valley. It covered two acres of ground, contained about thirty lodges, and was crossed at right angles by two open spaces, or streets. Below the village there was a fringe of wood upon the water- course, as Kit had mentioned to Miriam. The surrounding region on every side, except to the northward,, was tolerably fertile, producing, during the summer, prairie grasses enough to support the ponies of the savages except in sea- sons of drought. The locality formed, therefore, for the band of Red Knife, a retreat as comfort- able as it was safe and retired. "This time," mused Kit, thinking of his former visit, "no ambush awaits me. They think me gone entirely. They're quite at their ease. My way to the prisoners is open." He advanced quietly and indirectly towards the lodge in which Mr. and Mrs. Dane were con- fined, as he had discovered during his late visit. As he nearod it, he saw that he was seen, but that no attention was paid to him, the few who saw him supposing him to be a savage, or at least a member of their band. He saw, too, that the guard, who still remained nominally posted in front of the lodge, was several rods away, in the act of beckoning to him a pretty young Indian girl, who had apparently just emerged from one of the mourning wigwams. Kit regarded the pair keenly, and it did not take him long to discover not only that they were lovers, but that the guard was bent upon having an interview with his inamorata. This state of affairs sufficed to inspire the scout with the last degree of boldness and reso- lution. Stealing forward unseen and in silence, under covor of the intervening lodges, he watched for a moment when the guard was entirely absorbed in his companion, and then he glided forward and noiselessly entered the pre- sence of the captives. The moment Kit was within the lodge, he com- prehended the indifference of the guard, who had permitted him to pass therein unnoticed. The captives were so thoroughly bound that their escape was a simple impossibility. A faint, dim light pervaded the place, coming from a distant corner. This light proceeded from an earthern cup, filled with liquid fat, on the surface of which floated a rag, whose upper extremity was burning with a low, smouldering, uncertain flame. The lodge, whose inner outlines were thus faintly revealed, was built after the fashion of the Comanches, a few of whom were numbered in Red Knife's motley band. Its shape was that of a reversed funnel. It was from twenty to twenty-five feet in diameter, and formed of buffalo skins, made as white as milk by the labor of the squaws. In its centre was the hearth, about a yard square, and at the top was a circular opening to give egress to the smoke. There was no fire in the lodge now, however, and the place was in a deep gloom, save for the few flickering gleams of light that came from the earthen cup we have mentioned. In a painful attitude, on the bare ground, among the deepest shadows of the lodge, crouched the two prisoners, the parents of Miriam, their hands and feet tied together with hard thongs of buffalo skin, in such a manner as to leave them but the slightest possibility of motion. With a cautious and noiseless tread, Kit traversed the lodge and bent over the unhappy couple. They looked up at him with glances of aver- sion, not suspecting the presence of a friend under that perfect Indian disguise. Kit looked from one to the other a moment in earnest silence, not trusting his voice to speak. A pang rent his great heart as he saw how pale and worn was Mrs. Dane's noble face, and how haggard was the countenance of her husband. He knew what hidden anxieties had wrought in both the change he witnessed. No merely per- sonal fear had so changed them. Even in their darkest personal afflictions, their thoughts had all been of their Miriam. Kit touched Mr. Dane gently, and held up his hand in a gesture of warning. The settler's glance of aversion changed to one of wonder and surprise. He could not penetrate the disguise which had deceived even the Indian guard outside the camp. He be- lieved him to be indeed one of Red Knife's band, but Carson's manner and gesture, indica- tive of secrecy, inspired him with a sudden hope. His glance deepened into a look of eagerness. "Hush!" whispered the scout, with a glance towards the entrance of the lodge. "Do not betray your surprise by a loud word. Caution!" Mr. Dane started violently, and strove in vain to raise himself upon his elbow. "Who are you?" he asked in sudden agita- tion. "A friend, George Dane. I am your old friend, Kit Carson." Mr. Dane uttered a low cry of joy. Mrs. Dane breathed a glad thanksgiving. "Oh, George!" she whispered. "We are saved! The very presence of Kit Carson is safety! Thank God! Thank God!" She moved feebly in her bonds, as if she would have clasped the hand that had come to save her. "Kit Carson!" ejaculated Dane, in a bewil- dered manner, as if he could not comprehend the scout's presense, so sudden, so joy-giving. "We supposed you to be in Colorado!" "I have been to Missouri on business. Re- turning homewards, I learned of the Indian troubles in your neighborhood. In fact, I fell in with Miriam after you— left her, Dane, to return to your threatened home. We have been to- gether since until this very night!" "She is safe, then!" said Mrs. Dane, with a gush of thanksgiving. "We have feared so much, colonel, for the dear child, since she was left alone upon the plains! We could have borne everything joyfully if we had known her to be safe!" She awaited my return just beyond the village," said Kit, "when I approached your prison before" "Oh, you are the mysterious friend, then, who came here two or three hours ago?" inter- rupted Dane, breathlessly. "You have been here before? You came to our rescue? We listened to the wild tumult that followed, and comprehended that the intruder was a friend. We feared that you were killed!" "And Miriam?" questioned the mother, anxiously. "Where is she now?" "She started alone for Hatwell's, about two hours since, after I escoped from the trap set for me here,'' answered the scout. "We were attacked by Red Knife and about ten of his men, and my horse was shot. I sent Miriam away, as she was upon her own horse, which I had previously recovered from the savages, and I know that she could readily distance all her pursuers!" "Did Red Knife pursue her ?" asked Dane. "Yes, with several of his men; but pursuit was useless. Her horse was fresh and strong. Red Knife encountered her immediately after you left her, Dane, on the day your house was burned. It was to have a hold upon Miriam that he took you two captive. It is his usual , custom, they say, to take no prisoners, but to slay in cold blood on the spot. Red Knife has conceived a passion for Miriam, but that need not alarm you. We shall find her safe and sound at Hatwell's!" These few observations, chiefly concerning Miriam, had been made in a minute, and before the prisoners had a thought for their own situa- tion. "But come," added Kit. "We must get out of this immediately. I'll just take a look, to see that the way is open to our departure!" He stepped to the entrance of the lodge, and looked out into the street of the village. The Indian guard was still completely ab- sorbed in his interview with the Indian girl, and as completely oblivious of his prisoners. There were sounds of a commotion, however, at the opposite end of the camp, and the scout's face clouded as he heard them. Had his pre- sence in the village become known? He waited a moment, with a keen anxiety, looking and listening, while the disquieting sounds of commotion deepened. He saw torches flashing, and numbers of the savages moving about briskly. After an anxious contemplation of the scene, for a minute or two, he stepped back to the captives, with a look of poignant regret and anxiety upon his features. "I fear Red Knife has come back," he whispered. "If so, your immediate rescue is not possible. We must secure a start of at least a few hours, or flight is useless. We must also secure horses and provisions. 'Twere mad- ness to set you free, if we are all going to be detected the minute thereafter. Hark! I hear footsteps approaching!" They all listened. Footsteps were indeed heard. They came rapidly nearer. A single instant of listening to the approach- ing footsteps told the practised ears of the scout that they were coming to the lodge of the prisoners. He looked about for a place of refuge, escape by way of the door being impossible. No other way of egress was to be seen, A heaped-up pile of dried buffalo akins in a dis- tant corner caught his keen, inquiring glance. With a gesture enjoining caution upon the captives, he glided to the dark heap, disappeared behind it, and covered himself securely from observation, being careful, however, to leave an ample crevice for the exercise of his own organs of sight and hearing. The captives had scarcely time to school their features when the dark portal was illuminated, and three persons entered the lodge, the third individual bearing a flaming torch. The leader of the three was Red Knife. He had just returned from his pursuit of Miriam, having given over the task to his faith- ful allies and subordinates. Since his return, he had sent out a score of his ablest men with orders to scour every inch of prairie between the Indian village and Hatwell's, to which place he felt sure Miriam had gone. He was not in a good humor. The loss of Miriam at the very moment he had counted upon recapturing her, had incensed and annoyed him far more than the loss of the braves whom the Indian women were bewailing at the doors of their wigwams. To Mrs. Dane, who had never before beheld him to so plain advantage, he appeared the very incarnation of wickedness and terror. His painted features wore a hideous and mirthless smile. His small black eyes gleamed like the eyes of a serpent about to dash upon its victim. Brave as she was, Mrs. Dane's heart thrilled with fear, and she shrunk closer to the side of her husband. Red Knife did not fail to note the impression he made, and a malignant look crossed his face. His companion—the torch-bearer being but a servant for the occasion—was a tall, powerful looking Pawnee brave, who was chief of the motley band in the absence of Red Knife. His attire, his saturnine face, the shape of his head—narrow at the top, widening at the base—all proclaimed him a genuine specimen of the red man. He halted two or three paces in the rear of his superior chief, as grave and seemingly mo- tionless as a statue. "Well, Mr. and Mrs. Dane," said Red Knife, with the accent and manner which led so many to believe him a white man in the garb of an Indian, "I have come to bring you the latest news. I suppose you know that somebody has been here to-night with the intention of setting you free? That somebody is Kit Carson. He has followed our trail, with your daughter, ever since we left Carrey's Fork. By a rare good fortune, I detected his presence, and left orders with my men to seize him. They failed, how- ever. I will now tell you what has happened since." "What has happened?" asked Mr. Dane, with a troubled look. "After Carson's arrival, he was surprised be- side your lodge, but killed three of my men, and made his escape, himself uninjured. He joined Miriam at a little distance from the village, and went off with her to their camp, in which direction I and some of my warriors had previously gone. We saw and attacked them. The girl went off at full speed on her horse, while Carson stood his ground. Leaving some men to finish him, I set off in pursuit of the girl." "Did you overtake her?" inquired Mrs. Dane with breathless anxiety. "No. The night is dark as Egypt, and her horse was fleet. But my braves are in pursuit. They have gone down towards Hatwell's to look for her. I have sent out my best men to assist in the pursuit, since I came back. They will bring the girl, if they have to burn out Hatwell to get her." The Pawnee chief grunted an affirmation of this declaration. The hearts of the captives sunk. Even Kit, peering cautiously from his covert, looked troubled. " You see," continued Red Knife, delibe- rately, "that I have matters all my own way. I can force your daughter to become my wife. I love her, and I am determined to make her mine. Loving her, however, I want her to come to me willingly. She's a spirited little piece, and would as soon kill me as not, unless she made up her mind to marry me, as the best between two alternatives. Now I want you to advise her to become my wife. She will be back here to- morrow. She will not be able to resist her mother's pleadings, her father's com- mands—" Mrs. Dane interrupted Red Knife by a pas- sionate gesture of her fettered hands. "Kill me, if you will!" she cried. "Torture me at the stake—murder me in cold blood—but do not expect me to plead to my daughter to marry a wretch like you! Never!" "I would rather see my child dead than see her your wife," said Mr. Dane, firmly. Red Knife sneered. "Perhaps I can help you to change your minds!" he remarked. "I expected you would go against the thing at first; but you'll come to it. By this time, Carson is killed. By to- morrow-night, Miriam will be a captive in this village. You can bear tortures for yourselves. Can you bear to see her tortured?" The agonised parents could not reply. "Will she stand out when she sees you both undergoing tortures?" continued Red Knife. "Burning at the stake, for example?" Mrs. Dane moaned in her anguish. "My daughter is a brave girl," said Mr. Dane, his voice trembling in spite of his efforts to be calm. "She has other things to stay her courage, if she were likely to yield through her love and pity for us. She trusts in God, and she loves a noble young man. who would give his life for her." "She loves!" cried Red Knife, with a start. "Yes," said Mrs. Dane; "she loves and is loved in return. Miriam would die rather than give up Hubert Erle, for a wretch whose com- monest acts are deadly crimes—a wretch with the speech of a white man, the face of a savage, the heart of a demon!" "Hubert Earle! " murmured Red Knife, under his breath, as if conning a lesson. "I shall re- member the name. I may meet its owner some day. I am always lucky." He was silent a few moments, his eyes gleam- ing unpleasantly from out their painted sockets. "Well," he said, at length, "so you are de- termined to die rather than advise Miriam to marry me? Have you considered that I can force the girl to my will? Have you thought that I have power to kill you both, and so leave Miriam utterly alone?" "You can make no suggestions that we have not considered," declared Mr. Dane. "You have our answer. We will never urge Miriam to become your wife, do what you will. Now leave us to ourselves." "There is one little preliminary to settle yet," said Red Knife, "and then I will leave you as you desire. There is a possibility that Carson yet lives. He is as wily as a fox, and may, after all, outwit our braves. I will therefore carry out a little plan which will prevent his releasing you, should he by any chance elude the senti- nels who are now posted about the village." He called the guard, who had returned in good time to his station at the door, giving him a few words of command in Pawnee. Kit pricked up his ears, looking out with an expression of astonishment from his conceal- ment. Mr. and Mrs. Dane, comprehending only that some new danger threatened them, looked at each other in dismay. The guard disappeared, but was absent only a few minutes, returning with three other sav- ages, who, lifting the buffalo-skin sides of the lodge, came staggering into their chief's presence under the weight of an ordinary field- piece, which had been taken from a party of soldiers by Red Knife's band in a fight near the Platte several months previous. The four braves had just detached the gun from its carriage, which stood near the centre of the camp. Red Knife gave a second order, as the braves laid down the field-piece before him, and the guard departed with his assistants, soon return- ing alone, with an armful of combustible ma- terials, which he deposited in the sunken fire- place in the centre of the lodge, igniting them with the burning torch in the hands of the man who had entered with Red Knife and the Paw- nee chief. Another command from Red Knife, and the guard again hastened away, bringing with him on his return a small portable anvil, a long and stout chain, attached to which were a pair of ankle-fetters, a hammer, some loose pieces of iron, which were evidently broken links of chains, and a pair of blacksmith's tongs-all from the rude smithy of the band, as kept up for the various repairs of the camp. These were deposited near the burning fire. Then Red Knife, retaining the presence of the guard, turned to his captives with a face glow- ing evily through its hideous mask of paint. "Cut the cords that bind the woman to her husband!" he commanded. The guard obeyed, taking care not to weaken the bonds of Mr. Dane. "Help the woman to her feet!" said Red Knife. The Indian guard roughly assisted Mrs. Dane to rise. He was obliged to partially sustain her after she had gained her feet, for her limbs trembled, and almost refused to bear her weight. She had been so long in one position that the cords and muscles were stiffened and contracted, and the abrupt change occasioned her a most exquisite pain. "I am going to secure you to this field-piece, Mrs. Dane," said Red Knife, deigning to explain his singular movements. "I shall then have a perfect security that you will remain here. Kit Carson, dare-devil as he is, could not free you from this cannon, should he be living and de- sirous of doing so." He took up the shackles and approached her, the Indian still assisting her to maintain an up- right position. Red Knife stooped and clasped the irons around her ankles, and shut them to- gether, the snap closing sharply. "There!" he said, with a demoniac smile. "You are safe beyond all possibility of flight or rescue. I wish I had Miriam secured as hand- somely." The fire was now burning brightly. Red Knife passed the chain twice around the can- non, crossing it upon the trunnions, scarf fashion, so that it could not slip towards either end. He next passed the end link into the body of the chain, and explained to the guard how to key it there firmly with one of the broken links, by welding the ends of this link together. He then set him to work, the guard's knowledge being sufficient for the task. In a few minutes the broken link was heated, and the guard set himself to shaping it, the ring of the hammer resounding throughout the wig- wam, and penetrating far out into the gloomy night. The red light of the fire leaped up, play- ing fantastically upon the terrible, gleaming face of Red Knife, on the solemn countenance of the Pawnee chief, on the pale and frightened face of Mrs. Dane, as she knelt with clasped hands in the full glare, and on the countenance of her husband, who, stern and agonised, half crouch- ing, half kneeling, struggled in silence with his terrible emotions. It was a strange and weird picture. To give it added effect, a few fitful gleams played on the partially concealed face of Kit in the distant corner, as he watched the scene with a countenance full of fire and wrathfulness. It was with difficulty he could maintain his quiet, his soul swelling with indignation. Red Knife himself added the final blows, and tested the strength of the chain, pulling heavily at the field-piece. Then, with a face lighted up with an infernal joy, which looked fairly demoniac in the red glare of the hot and leaping flames, he gloated over his captive, saying: "You may have your freedom now, Mrs. Dane, and go as far as you like, with this little appendage attached, of course. I hope I shall find you in a different frame of mind in regard to Miriam in the course of a week or two. If not, I can afford to wait, or adopt other measures! I am going away now," he added. "I shall be gone several days, as I have busi- ness off to the northward. This chief," and he indicated the Pawnee, " will carry out my plans during my absence, as he is in the habit of doing. I am to set out immediately, so I will now say farewell. I trust I shall find you here on my return!" He waved his hand to the guard and the torch-bearer, who withdrew with the anvil and tools. He then kicked out the fire, and, pre- ceded by the Pawnee chief, made a mocking bow to his stupefied captives and withdrew. In the open space just without the lodge a mag- nificent horse was standing, prancing and paw- ing the air, in charge of a savage who had just brought him there, in obedience to orders pre- viously given. Addressing a few words to the Pawnee chief, Red Knife leaped into the saddle and flew away like an arrow; not to the north- ward, as he had stated, but in a southerly and westerly direction. CHAPTER XXIV. HUBERT IN NEBRASKA. The captors of Hubert were five in number. He recognised them at once as Road Agents. Their leader was the robber lieutenant—his face full of savage mockery, his eyes gleaming with his evil exultation. "You see that other people can play tricks as well as you, Mr. Earle," he said, maliciously. "We've been lying in wait for you at this point since yesterday noon. We expected Whipley would be with you, but it seems he has been wise enough to stay at the fort until he can get an escort. We shall manage, however, to get ample satisfaction out of you!" Whatever Hubert may have felt or thought at that moment, he preserved a calm and un- daunted front. "You have chosen the spot well for the con- summation of your revenge!" he observed, in an unfaltering voice, as he glanced at the tree- tops among which the breezes played. "I sup- pose you intend to hang me here?" "You are cool about it, I must say," said the lieutenant. "But we don't intend to hang you. According to our way of thinking, hanging is too good for you. Such work as you have done at the Warm Spring demands a punishment more terrible than hanging! Our captain is a perfect demon. We shall leave him to deal with you, knowing that he will take a terrible ven- geance!" A low murmur of approbation came from the subordinate Road Agents, and they glared sav- agely upon their prisoner. Our hero's face did not change, but he began to breathe more freely. "We are going to take you to our retreat at the Quarries," continued the lieutenant, watch- ing Hubert with wolfish eyes. "We would have sent word to the captain of our reverses, but we don't know where to find him. He will soon arrive at the Quarries, however, and we shall keep you to bear the brunt of his anger, when he comes. He's a perfect demon, as I said, when he's roused, and he'll be glad to have an object to wreak his fury upon! Bind him boys," added the Road Agent, addressing his men. "Do your work securely!" Producing a coil of rope, the robbers pro- ceeded to bind Hubert in a perfect net-work of cords, having until now pinioned him with their arms. Our hero made no resistance. He knew that it would be worse than useless. "Now put him into his saddle, boys, and tie his feet under his horse!" commanded the Road Agent. This was done. The lieutenant then took the bridle of the horse, and the little party, Hubert alone mounted, moved away from the ford, turning off the regular road and proceeding up the stream over the unbroken prairie. "You have not begged for mercy, Mr. Earle," observed the lieutenant, as he led the way through the tall grasses. "Probably you realise how useless your pleadings would be!" "If I fell into the midst of a pack of wolves, I should not beg for mercy," replied Hubert, with a scornful intonation. "You Road Agents are worse than wolves!" The lieutenant scowled darkly, and his men muttered imprecations under their breaths. The coolness and calmness of their prisoner had robbed their victory of half its satisfaction. "But if I am going to be killed by you," observed Hubert, "it affords me considerable pleasure to reflect that I have been the means of half-destroying and dispersing your infamous band! No vengeance that you can take can rob me of the deep joy I feel when I reflect upon the Road Agents in captivity at Fort Laramie ! If I die soon, I have done at least one service to emigrants and travellers over the plains, and I do not lose my life in vain!" "You'll sing a different tune when the cap- tain pronounces your doom!" said the lieu- tenant, his face growing still darker. "I wish I could be judge and jury in your case. You wouldn't have to wait long to feel our venge- ance. But I can't do anything with you till the captain comes. He'll be along in a day or two at the farthest, and then—" He concluded by a smile of deadly signifi- cance. By this time, the party had gained the dis- tance of half a mile or more from the ford where they had captured Hubert. They came to a halt there, and two of the men hurried down a gentle slope, disappearing under the bank which overhung the creek. In a few moments they returned, leading horses which were saddled and bridled, ready for use. The lieutenant mounted, still retain- ing Hubert's bridle in his grasp, his men also leaped to their saddles, and the party resumed their journey, turning directly about, crossing the Platte River and riding away to the north- ward. In less than an hour, they struck into Cap- tain Fairweather's secret track, and quickened the speed of their horses, going now towards the east. Hubert marked the traces of recent travel in the trampled grasses and occasional bottles and remnants of food which were seen on the way, and he rightly came to the conclusion that most, or all, of the surviving Road Agents had come over this route to their rendezvous at the Quarries. The robber lieutenant bestowed an occasional malicious look upon his prisoner, but he made no attempt to draw him into conversation. The party must have proceeded a distance of at least fifteen or twenty miles on Captain Fair- weather's secret road, over sterile plains and bunch-grass districts, when they arrived at the western edge of the Bad Lands—a vast and strange depression in the plains, one hundred miles in length by thirty in breadth. Hubert knew at the first glance that he had arrived at the north- western border of Nebraska, as then bounded. The strange depression we have described is full of vast rocks in every stage of disintegra- tion. The Bad Lands—as the early French ex- plorers rightly named them—seem a region where a race of giants may once have dwelt. The winds and the rains have shaped the argil- laceous rocks into admirable imitation, seen from a little distance, of fantastic palaces and rugged frowning castles, of Titanic domes and fairy pinnacles, crested minarets, tapering spires, with grand towers and lofty turrets, some of them a hundred feet high. Every year the as- pect of this singular region is changed by at mosperic influences, so that the palace of one year becomes the pyramid of the next, and minarets and turrets crumble away, while others are shaped from the irregular masses of rocks to take their places. In this strange region, only a stunted grass shows itself. A sinister gloom hangs over its singular monuments, and a terrible silence reigns omong its cavenous recesses. A solitude more drear and oppressive than that of the prairies pervades this inhospitable tract, which even the Indian is loath to enter upon. Hubert noticed that the path he was pursuing led down a gentle slope into this depression, and then lost itself amid the seeming ruins. While he looked in wondering surprise, com- prehending that the Quarries to which so fre- quent allusion had been made were near at hand, one of the robbers went on slowly in ad- vance, the others fell back, and the lieutenant pressed closer to the side of the prisoner. In this order they made their descent into the Bad Lands. As they slowly penetrated among the shadows cast by the tall rocks, Hubert remarked that the place had a sepulchral coolness, in strange con- trast with the heat of the unshadowed prairie. He felt chilled to the bone. The little party leisurely made their way, by a circuitous route, for a full mile into the Bad Lands, and suddenly came to a halt before a niche-like recess in the face of a tall bluff, the lieutenant at the same time uttering a long, shrill whistle. A moment later, the signal was answered by the appearance of a man from the recess. His air and looks proclaimed him a member of the robber fraternity. He welcomed the lieutenant and the others, while he bestowed a keen and scrutinising glace upon our hero. "You've got him, then, lieutenant?" said the man, continuing his curious stare at Hubert. "We were afraid you'd miss him!" "I knew I should bring him back with me," returned the lieutenant, slipping from the saddle, as his subordinates had already done. "Is there any news?" The robber replied in the negative. "The captain hasn't arrived, I suppose?" "No." "Help the prisoner off, and carry him into the cave, boys," commanded the lieutenant. "Let the horses be stabled at once!" He led the way into the little rocky recess, which proved to be the vestibule of a cavern. Two of the men followed, bearing the prisoner between them. The cavern—into which the party immediately entered—was long and low, somewhat resembl- ing the den of a wild beast. The bluff in which it was situated was formed of an admixture of clayey rock with some harder stone, yet the low furrowed roof had a strangely insecure appear- ance. In the centre of this subterranean apartment was a long wooden table, rough and rude in manufacture. It was littered with bottles, and the remains of a late repast. A few candles, in clay sconcers, were scattered over its surface. Around this table were grouped a score of savage-looking men, the surviving Road Agents. They presented a sorry-looking spectacle. Many of them had their heads bound up with cloths, others had their arms in slings. Still others displayed visages ornamented with the scars of recent injuries. At the entrance of the lieutenant, his men, and their prisoner, the outlaws arose, with one impulse, fiercely eager to behold our hero in his bonds. They greeted him with a hoarse yell of ma- licious triumph, and a horrible uproar followed. Grebber and his late fellow-keeper of the Warm Spring relay house bounded towards Hu- bert like enraged tigers, eager to slake their thirst in blood. "Back, there!" commanded the lieutenant. "You shall all have your revenge, my men. But no one must lay a finger on him now to harm him. He must be kept safe till the cap- tain comes. If the captain has him to vent his anger upon, he will be less enraged with us." Recognising the value of this consideration, the vengeful Road Agents slunk back from the prisoner, uttring low, beast-like growls. "Take him to the dungeon, boys, and untie his bonds," said the lieutenant, flinging himself on a bench. "Let a guard be kept at the door constantly, day and night. He's a desperate fellow, and must not be permitted the ghost of a chance at escape. But first remove his weapons." The order was executed. Nothing was said of the money-belt on Hubert's person. Perhaps the lieutenant was too absorbed in thoughts of revenge to think of money. "Now take him away!" commanded the chief Road Agent. "And look sharp that he don't kill himself in his dungeon." The two robbers who had brought the priso- ner into the cavern now carried him along its entire length, stopping at a massive wooden door, bound with iron clamps, which Hubert had remarked at the opposite end of the cave. One of them unlocked the door, the key being in the lock. Grebber brought a light from the table. The dungeon thus disclosed to Hubert's gaze was merely a dark hole which had been dug out of the rock. It was not high enough to permit a tall man to stand upright, and scarcely long enough to permit him to lie at full length. It was lighted and ventilated only through two circular apertures which had been made in the upper part of the door, as much for the con- venience of the guard in watching the prisoner as for the comfort of the captive. Into this miserable wild beast's lair, Hubert was thrust. The door was closed upon him, the ponderous bolt turned, and he was left to his dreary solitude. "I am in a tight box," thought he, leaning against the wall. "Escape from here is impos- sible. I can only wait with what patience I may, for the coming of Captain Fairweather." It was now nearly night. Hubert, looking out through the apertures in the door, could see the Road Agents plying their bottles at the table, and hear them question the lieutenant in regard to his capture and probable doom. A supper was prepared for the lieutenant and his late fellow travellers, and, obeying a command from his superior, one of the robbers brought a bottle of water and some army crackers to the prisoner, pushing them through the apertures in the door. We need not dwell on all the incidents of the three days that followed our hero's capture. It is enough to say, that at all hours of the day and night the outlaws looked in upon Hu- bert, jeering at him, taunting bhm, and threaten- ing him. Grebber and his late fellow-keeper were his chief tormentors. He was never sure of a moment's solitude. If he dropped asleep, he was rudely awakened. His food consisted only of army crackers, his drink only of brackish water. His life was made a burden to him. What wonder that, under these circumstances, Hubert's spirit often blenched, and that he was tempted to pray for a speedy death. Yet, withal, he managed to keep up his calm and dauntless bearing-determined that his perse- cutors should not be permitted to gloat upon a sight of his misery. The only brightness that visited his soul dur- ing those dark hours was brought by thoughts of Miriam. He dwelt with lover ardor upon her beauty, her loveliness, her tender affection for him, and his greatest grief was that she would never know his fate! As we have indicated, three days thus passed. Hubert was wont to listen, with strained hear- ing, at the apertures in his doors, for the "be- ginning of the end"—the news of Captain Fair- weather's approach. It came at last, smiting his senses like the knell of doom! It was on the morning of the fourth day. Hubert stood leaning against his door, looking into the outer cavern. He was pale and worn, but his countenance had not lost its look of manly resoluteness, and his bearing was quiet and self-possessed. He was a truly brave man, and he had made his peace with his God. Why, then, need he tremble before the angry violence of men? Suddenly a low murmur arose among the robber crew of the Quarries, swelling to a loud and confused tumult, as one of the robbers rushed into the cavern and spoke hurriedly to the commanding officer. The noise without the cavern speedily deep- ened to a wild shout, the burden of which, as Hubert plainly distinguished, was the words: "The captain's coming !" "Yes," cried the robber lieutenant, springing to his feet, and speaking in tones terribly signi- ficant to the doomed prisoner, "Captain Fair- weather is just riding up to the Quarries! The captain's here!" CHAPTER XXV. CAPTAIN FAIRWEATHER. THE acclamations which greeted the robber lieutenant's announcement of the near approach of Captain Fairweather had scarcely died away, when a quick and heavy tramp was heard in the vestibule of the cavern, and shortly after the chief of the Road Agents strode into the presence of his band. Hubert looked through the apertures in his prison door, eager for a sight of the man who held his doom in his hands. "Back, there!" cried the hoarse, husky tones of the robber chief, as he threw up one long, brawny arm imperiously. "What means your presence here at the Quarries, my men?" "You have not heard the news then, captain, in passing our pickets?" inquired the lieu- tenant. "The news? No. What is the news? Why is half the band here without orders from me?" The robbers fell back still further, and a dead silence ensued. Not one among them liked to tell the story of their late disasters. The captain now stood alone in the full light of the burning candles, his gaze wandering from one to another of his men in impatient scrutiny. He was a strange and sinister looking being. He was of gigantic stature, with immensely broad shoulders, browny frame, and an appear- ance of great physical power and endurance. His head was disproportionately small, and was covered with a short, stubby growth of thick black hair. The upper part of his face was un- pleasent to look upon, the skin being rough, red, mid coarse, as if irritated by frequent poisonous applications. His mouth and chin were concealed by a heavy beard, which fell in tangled waves low upon his breast. His fore- head was narrow and retreating, and under his scanty brows gleamed a pair of small black eyes, fierce, restless, keen, and glittering like the eyes of some savage beast of prey. Such was Captain Fairweather, the chief of the infamous band of Road Agents. Cruel, bold, and unscrupulous, he was a fit leader for a band of outlaws whose very existence was an outrage to the laws of their country. "You're a handsome looking lot?" he ob- served sneeringly, as he noted the damaged countenances and partially disabled condition of the robbers. "What has happened? Have you had a row among yourselves, and taken to killing each other? Where are the other boys?" The men did not answer. The lieutenant, however, nerved himself to the task before him. "The truth is, captain," he said, hesitatingly, "here's all that are left. The other boys are either dead, or as bad as dead—captives in Fort Laramie !" Captain Fairweather turned and stared at his subordinate officer in speechless consternation. Hubert marked the savage gleams that darted from his eyes, and the convulsive twitching of his large and bony fingers. "Dead! Captives!" he ejaculated, huskily, after a pause, breaking a silence that was strangely oppressive. "Yes, captain. We were attacked at the Warm Spring relay house by a company of soldiers, who came upon us unawares, and cut us all to pieces," responded the lieutenant. "I am wouuded. We all are. It's a bad blow for us—" "Why were you all at the Warm Spring?" interrupted the captain, in a voice so singularly calm that Hubert thought it foreboded a fearful tempest of wrath. "The way of it was this, captain," said the robber lieutenant shrinking nervously before the concentrated gaze of his commander. "Last week, one of our look-outs on the top of the butte warned us of the approach of a party of soldiers who were in full chase after a herd of buffaloes. We kept a watch in the caverns for intruders, and sure enough the party halted directly in front of the mouth of the cave, to cook their game. Four soldiors entered the cave out of curiosity, seeing the mouth, one at a time, and we took them captives. After them came a civilian, and he's the one who has made all our trouble, and nearly caused our ruin." "So one man proved himself too much for my whole band!" sneered Captain Fairweather, still with that terrible calmness which those who knew him trembled at witnessing. "That man's a perfect devil," declared the lieutenant. "Listen, captain, and you won't blame us!" He eagerly and graphically narrated how Hu- bert had fought and been taken captive, how he had been consigned to the Dead Man's Pit, in company with the soldiers, and how Whipley had betrayed the robber fraternity, assisting the prisoners to escape, and not only that, but leading them all with gold obtained from the treasure vault. At this point Captain Fairweather's calm was broken up. He raved like a madman, hurling invectives at his lieutenant and his men, and giving way to such a storm of insane passion that the robbers—over whom his inlfuence was supreme—cowered before him like trees before a whirling tornado. At the first opportunity, when the captain at last paused from sheer breathlessness, the lieutenant resumed his narrative. He told of the final escape of the prisoners on the captain's horses, of the pursuit, and of the encounter with the emigrant train. He related how Hu- bert had started for Fort Laramie for assistance, how he had halted at the Warm Spring, how cleverly he had tricked the keepers of the relay house, and bound them both, reducing them to a condition of the utmost helplessness. And here he was again obliged to pause while the captain raved anew in his fury. At the earliest possible moment, he hastened to tell how Hubert had also duped him and his companions, and how he had gone on to the Fort, and returned with the soldiers at the very moment that Grebber and his fellow-keeper were discovered. The captain hearkened to the story of the conflict that followed, and then cried out: " 'Sdeath! It'a a pity you were not all killed! Such a lot of stupid idiots I never heard of! My best men killed and captured! Where were your scouts and sentinels, you drunken fools Oh—h—h!" The exclamation terminated in a fierce snarl, and he glanced around him with fiery eyes. "But hear me, captain!" exclaimed the lieu- tenant. "We did our best to retrieve our- selves. We came on to the Quarries, as the Black Hills had got too hot for us, and as we were anxious to place ourselves under your guidance. You have told us always to come here in case the cavern among the hills became unsafe. Our treasure—what remains of it—is safe. The cavern is blown up. And more than that. I came to the ford in the lower road, and hid there with four men under the bank for the best part of two days, waiting for the man who had caused all our troubleto come along. We knew he would travel that route, and alone, or with Whipley. He came alone, Whipley knowing too much to trust himself around loose just yet. We captured him four days ago, and he is in yonder dungeon." He pointed at the door, against the inner side of which Hubert was leaning. Our hero withdrew from the aperture through which he was gazing, as the captain turned his blazing eyes in that direction. "So, you have got the man to show for all this trouble," observed the robber chief. "That is some satisfaction. Who and what is he?" "He's a miner, returning from Idaho," re- turned the lieutenant. "His name is Hubert Earle, and—" "Hubert Earle," interrupted Fotrweathsr, a strange gleam of light traversing his stormy features. "Ah!" and he drew a deep inspira- tion. "Hubert Earle! This is better than I expected. You shall have a brave revenge, my boys. We'll have rare sport with this doughty miner!" This speech, indicatiug returning good- humor, and promising their revengeful feelings ample scope, produced a loud cheer from the assembled outlaws. "You know this Earle, then, captain?" in- quired the lieutenant, in surprise. "I have heard of him," responded Fair- weather, dropping heavily upon a bench. "He shall pay for what he has cost us. Pass that bottle, Grebber. Bring me some breakfast, some of you, and then I'll settle the business of our prisoner." His orders were quickly obeyed, food and drink being placed before him. He ate in a savage sort of silence, but now and then he glanced at the door of the dungeon with a sinister smile, and a gleam in his eyes that told how busy his mind was already with the fate of his prisoner. Hubert marked those occasional glances, and prepared himself for the ordeal before him. A last prayer to heaven—a last farewell to Miriam —and he was ready. When the robber captain had finished his re- past, he commanded the prisoner to be brought before him. Grebber aud another hastened to perform his bidding, dragging Hubert before their leader. "Release him," said Fairweather, leaning back on his bench, and surveying our hero curiously. "Guard the door, and keep your eyes upon him. That is all that will be necessary." The Road Agents obeyed. Hubert stepped back a few paces, and folded his arms across his broad chest, confronting the robber chief with an unmoved counten- ance. He met Fairweather's glances with quiet firmness—with even a trace of haughtiness. He looked what he was—brave and undismayed. Fairweather continued to stare at him with a a cool insolence, in which became apparent an element of surprise. "You don't seem to comprehend your situa- tion, young man," he said, in his hoarse, grat- ing tones. "Are you aware of what is before you?" "I have had the benefit of your recent con- versation with your lieutenant," replied Hubert, with a significant glance at the perforated door of the dungeon. "You seem to take the matter coolly!" said Fairweather, with some chagrin. "What is your name?" Hubert made no reply. "Speak, fellow!" commanded Fairweather, with gathering anger, nettled at the demeanor of his prisoner. "Your name!" "You have already been informed of my name," said Hubert, coldly, "and have betrayed a singular familiarity with it. It is unnecessary for me to repeat what you know." The Road Agent's countenance darkened to positive blackness. His eyes seemed to dart lightning flashes, which had a strange effect in contrast with the gloom of his face. "You are bold !" he said, harshly, controlling his emotions by a powerful effort. "So you are really Hubert Earle? Hubert Earle of Na- braska?" Our hero inclined his head slightly. "It is well," and the Road Agent smiled grimly. "Are you married?" Hubert started in surprise at this singular question, but replied: "Although I do not see how the matter can concern you, one way or the other, I do not ob- ject to telling you that I am not married!" "It's a pity!" sneered Fairweather. " You're a handsome young fellow now. I shouldn't wonder if you were a favorite among the girls! Perhaps you are engaged?" Hubert maintained a stern silence. "You are not inclined to be talkative, I see," remarked the Road Agent. "Lieutenant, did you find any letters on this gentleman's person, when you searched him?" "We only took away his belt at the cave in the hills, captain," answered the lieutenant. "We made no further search of his person." "Then search now." In obedience to a gesture from their com- mander, two robbers sprang forward, pinioning Hubert's arms to his sides. Then the lieutenant searched his person quickly, bringing to light the money-belt which had been stolen before, and producing from his bosom a tiny packet of let- ters, winch were bound together with a bit of cord. The belt and lettors were placed before the captain. He looked over the contents of the belt in a leisurely fashion, commenting upon the luck of miners, and then untied the letter packet. Hubert's face grew pale, but he schooled him- self to bear in silence this desecration of his Miriam's pure and loving letters. " 'Dearest Hubert,' " read the Road Agent. "That certainly is loving. You must be en- gaged! What a delightful letter. 'Father says' so and so. 'Dear mother sends love.' And here's all the news! 'Red Knife's depredations' —Humph! Let me see the name at the bot- tom. Ah! 'Miriam Dane!' A pretty name!" A lurid spark leaped from his eyes at this juncture, and he folded the letters, putting them in the inner breast-pocket of his coat. The money-belt he secured on his own person. The veins swelled on Hubert's temples as he witnessed the disposition made of Miriam's let- ters, and his eyes flashed, and he clenched his fists as though he would throttle his enemy. "I merely wished to assure myself," said Fairweather, "that there was some one in the world who would grieve at your death, some one you would grieve at leaving. To kill a man who is tired of the world, with nothing to live for, is a poor revenge! We want you to feel all the bitterness of death!" A murmer of approval came from the robbers. "I don't know that I have anything more to say," remarked Fairweather, after a brief survey of his prisoner. "Perhaps it would be as well to cut our interview short. "Bind him, boys!" Hubert made no resistance. He knew that to do so would but prolong his misery, and give pleasure to his tormentors. He was quickly bound. "Now take him out to the Straight Pillar, boys," commanded the chief of the Road Agents. "Bind him to the pillar, and then make him a target to shoot at. Let Grebber and his mate have the first shots. You don't want to aim at his heart the first thing. " I'll come out and see the fun!" A wild hurrah greeted this speech, and Hubert was borne out of the cave, all of the Road Agents following, the captain included, bearing their rifles. The morning was pleasant and sunny. The air was delightfully refreshing after the stifling atmosphere of the low-roofed cavern. Hubert thought he had never seen a day more beautiful. His enemies, carrying him, threaded the dim aisles of the rocky wood for some distance, halt- ing at last in an open space where bunch-grass grew, and where the yellow sunlight lay in great patches. At the western edge of this clearing—as we may term it—a single rock arose in the shape of a tall, round column. It seemed as if human hands had shaped it, it was so even, so straight, yet only the elements had wrought it from a shapeless mass of rock. Behind this pillar was a thicket of rocks, of every shape, many of them several tons in weight, but most of them small. On the other sides of the clearing the rocks also clustered thickly. Hubert was conducted to the column we have described, and securely bound to it, it being not more than two feet in diameter. Grebber and the lieutenant fastened his bonds, and Fairwea- ther himself tested their strength and security. "Now, boys," said the captain, "come over to the other side, or some of you may get winged by a stray shot.!" The robbers rushed to the eastern side of the clearing, and began to prepare their weapons for use. Their captain slowly followed them. Despite the news he had received of the late reverses of his band, there was a visible exulta- tion in his manner, in his gleaming eyes. It seemed, indeed, that he felt an interest in Hu- bert's death from some personal motive, as well as because of the injury he had wrought the in- famous band. "Look your last on earth, Mr. Earle!" he said, waving his hand upward at the smiling blue sky, "Think of Miriam Dane—of those who will look in vain for your coming, and never know your fate—of your youth and strength—of anything that will make life sweet and death terrible!' Farewell!" He smiled as a demon might have smiled, turning away with a gesture to his men, who ranged themselves in place for their dreadful work. [TO BE CONTINUED.] One of the most comical advertisements that has appeared lately read thus -A woman wants a situation with a boy 15 years old , is a good cook, city reference , city or country. " My son," said an anxious father, " why do you use that nasty tobacco ? ' The boy declin- ing to consider the question in the spirit in which it was asked, replied "To get the juice" " What makes you look so glum, Tom ?" " Oh, I have bad to endure a sad trial to my feelings"-"What on earth was it?"-"Why, I had to tie on a pretty girl's bonnet while, her ma was looking on " A COUPLE of fellows who were pretty thoroughly soaked with bad whiskey got into the gutter. After floundering about for a few minutes, one of them said " Tom, let's go to anothor house-this hotel leaks. " 'A MUSICIAN, whose nose had-become dis- tinctly colored with the red wine he was wont to imbibe, said one day to his little son at the table " You must eat bread, boy , bread makes your cheeks red " The little boy replied, " Fathor, what lots of bread you must have smuffed up !" A LADY having asked a gentleman the size of his neck, he sent the following: "The size of my neck! That's remarkably strange, And admits of a very significant range: A neck tie a collar sore throat, a haltar, And others,enough to make a muse falter Let this tender reply anxiety check, The length of your arm will just go round my neck !" A PERSON was asked why he did not take a newspaper " Because," said he " my father, when he died, left me a good many newspapers, and I haven't read them through yet " He afterward became a pauper. A SAUOiSTio opponont of " woman's rights " sa} s it is a great convenience to li ave women as post mistresses, bocauso thoy can not only inform un applicant if theio is a lottoi for him, without looking, bul can toll lum what ia in it' nEiNitioii Ii kink Bind " How fortunato tho Romans woro that thoy had not lo learn Latin graminin I Booauso, if tboj lind dono so, thoy could novel hine found timo to conquer the world " GroitOE "I vi us soiry to hour that you hod brokon jour arm I suppoBO it painod you nwfully, didn't it?" Fiank (with much fooling). " It wasn't tho pam, old fellow-oh no ! It was boing deprived of cariying my hands in my pookotB which broko mo down " A OKNiriMAN one day mdiscrootly askod a lady how old abo was Sho roileoted " Lot mosco I was eight ion when I was marriod, and my husband was Ihirly , now ho is twioe thirty, Illili ib Bixty , so, of course, I um twice eighteen, that ib thirty bix Poiiti Lanouaok-William T Dowdall, the Illinois editor, having 11 ad Brick Pomeroy out of tho democratic party, tho latter rophoB by calling Dowdall nu " idiotic Bwill headed chunk", whereupon Dowdall calls Brick a " Pondemonaic posto pot cut throat " An irrogulai approntico, froqucntly kooping late hours, Ins muster at length took occasion to upply somo weighty arguments to convince him of the " orror of Ins waya " During the chastisement the muster oxcluimed " How long will )ou sorve the dovil?" Iho boy ropliod, whimporing " You know host, sir, I bolieve my indentures will bo out 111 throo months " When a Scotch minislcr told his neighbor that he had preached two houra and a half the day boforo, tho noighbor said to lum " Why, mimstir wcro you not tired to death ?"-" Aw, no," Bind he, " I wub as frosli as a rose, but it would hao done jour heart good to see boo tired the congrcgntion was " Duitii>G a recitution on natuial histoij, a stn dent, 111 pursuit of knowledge concerning the habits of animals, suid " Professor, whj does a cat, wlnlo eating, tura hor hoad first ono way, and then tho othor ?"-" For tho rooson," replied tho Professor, " that sho ouunot turu it both ways at once " A Quakbb's Lfttek -Friend John -I désire theo to bo so kind as to go to ono of those sinful men in the llesli, called attorneys, and let bun tako out un instrument with a Beal thereunto, by moana wheroof wo moy bcizo the outward tabcrnuclo of Charles Green, and bring him boforo Friend Barnard, tho Judge, and teach him to do, in future, as ho would be done by -Thy friend, R C A mbmubb of tho Louisiana Legi.-hture, who carriCB a pair of gigantic foot, which ho slings about ob lie walks like o pair of flails, recently accosted a well known mombor of the bar with, "Mr M-, you know mo, don't you?" M-, surprised at the qucBtion,drewlnmBelf up at full length, and scanning his interlocutor from head I to foot, remorkod, " Well, sir, your face 11 a familiar one to mo, but assurodly your feet have outgrown my recollection " RtTLFS APILICABLP TO BUSINESS MeV - Rule 1 -Get up late in tho morning and eat a hasty breakfast Rule ? - Rush at once to tb» 'bus to avoid excoss of air and exercise Rule 3 -Woor a pair of tight boots Rule 4 -Eat nuts, smoko cigars, drink brandy or whisky between breakfast and dinner Rule 5 -Lunch at a restaurant on baker's broad, soggy potatoes, and mineo pío Bulo G-Do all your business in a hurry Rule 7 -Eat a hearty dinner at 6 o'clock of all sorts of indigestible compounds, Rule 8 -Retire late Follow these directions, and it will bo easy to be miserable A shabby genteel young man entered a tradesman's store tho other day with his hands crammed in both pockets as if they were flush with the rhino " Mr J-," said he, " I bolievo I am indebted to you 6s Gd, cash, borrowed somewhere about u year ago "-" Yes, sir," replied the tradesman, Bniaeking his lins and holding out bis ha id to receive the rsady cash " I am glad you have come, for I had almost forgotten it mi self "-"Oh' I never forget these things," Bold the fellow, " I like to have all things square, so 1 want you to lend me 13s Gd more, which will make even money " He didn't get it 