? THE POET AUGUSTA RAILWAY.—By the last mail definite information was received from the parties whose tender was accepted by the Government for the construction of the Port Augusta showing that the matter is being pro- ceeded with, and that an agent on behalf of ^ ^ Z l ^ ^ S , Clark* S chard> & Co-> writing on behalf of the promoters, under date 25th February. 18( 9 say, "We have had several interviews with Mr. Dutton, Agent-General of the Colony of South Australia, and a number of our friends, including Sir George Grey, who was once Governor of the colony, and the result is that we have determined on undertaking the business, provided that in conjunction with the Company which we have formed among our friends ana capitalists, we can negotiate such a contract with the Government as will enable us to carry out the undertaking. They then state that the Cempany would be registered under the Companies Act of Great Britain in a few days, and that an agent would be dispatched by the March maiL TEMPERANCE AND ELECTIONS From the South Australian Temperance Herald we glean the subjoined items:—120 of the new House of Commons are pledged to support the Permissive Bill. At the recent elections in Great Britain " many candidates used no public-houses tor Committeerooms, and the elections at these places were by far the most, orderly in the kingdom." At Macclesfield, out of 1,000 members of the Liberal Committees, 900 took a pledge to abstain from all liquor during the progress of the canvass. Archdeacon Sandford has lately ascertained that in the Province of Canterbury there are nearly 55o parishes, with about 90,000 inhabitants, destitute of public-houses or beer-shops. The Accideut Insurance Company has intimated that it will pay no claims where the insured were drunk when they met death. The same Compauy has ottered to insure teetotallers at 10 per cent less than ordinary lives. The new Governor of Massachusetts and seven out of eight of his Council. 30 of the Senate out of 40, and in the House 165 from 220 members are for prohibition. THE PARK RANGES.—It appears some fault ham been found with Mr. Burt, the Park Ranger, in connection with the issue of sand licences, the matter being referred to, though the facts are not stated in the Finance Committee's report appearing in Monday's Register. We publish by request the portion of that officer's report to the Council bearing upon the subject, which is as follows:— " In consequence of much carting of sand going on at the Frome Bridge, the Corporation Conservator has his time much occupied there. To assist him. and prevent the 6and carters being fined for being found without licences, I have for the last three weeks issued slips, the account of which each evening has been rendered to the Assistant, and the money paid. I am sorry to find that, in my desire to prevent the Corporation being defrauded, 1 have been seriously blamed. I immediately ceased the issue of the papers upon being informed I was wrong." THE NORWOOD PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL. —Anniversary Bermons in connection with this place of worship were preached on Sunday, April 18\. The attendance at each of the services was very good. On Monday evening a tea meeting was held, followed by a public meeting. The Rev. J. Williams (pastor of the chapel) occupied the chair. Recitations were given by children belonging to the Sunday School. Addresses were delivered by the Chairman (Rev. J. Williams), Rev. J. G. Wright, and Messrs. J. Nurse and Woods. A vote of thankB having been proposed to the Chairman, the ladies, and the friends, the meeting closed with the doxology. A collection was made, which amounted to £1 53. THE PERMISSIVE BILL AND SUNDAY CLOSING.- From the April dumber of the Temperance Herald. duly sent to us, we extract the subjoined paragraph : —" The Sunday Closing and Permissive Bill Committee took steps to ascertain the views of the several candidates, and communicate to the friends in the various districts, as far as time permitted them, the result of those enquiries. Of the successful candidates, the following gave favourable replies:—Messrs. J. Baker, J. Dunn, T. English, and A. B. Murray. Mr. J. H. Barrow's reply was friendly, but not regarded as favourable. Mr. A. Stow was considered unfavourable; while from Mr. Milue no reply was received." PLEURO - PNEUMONIA IN HORSES IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.—Dr. Jackson, the recently-appointed Assistant Colonial Surgeon, thus writes to the South-East papers:—"On Saturday last, in conversation with Mr. Umpherston, he informed me that a disease had attacked five horses on his farm, in consequence of which two had already died, and the other three were almost moribund. He appeared very anxious to learn the nature of the disease, and I suggested a post-mortem examination in the case of the next animal that died. I went out on Sunday afternoon, and found two horses just dead, and a third dying. With the assistance of a neighbour, one of the horses was opened, and the result of the examination disclosed undoubted pleuro - pneumonia, affecting both Iunes, though unequally. The diseased portions of the lung were solid and perfectly black, and offered a very striking contrast to the healthy portions of the lung, which were of a pinkish tinge, and spongy to the touch. Darkness prevented our making a further examination, but I have no doubt whatever as to the nature of the disease. The two other horses were not examined, but as they suffered exactly in the same way to these, there can be little doubt that the cause of death was the same. It is difficult to say whether the disease is identical with pleuro-pneumonia in cattle, and whether it is contagious, and of such a malignant type; but the fact of five horses dying within a very short time of each other is strongly suggestive that such is the case. In any case the attention of the farmers should be drawn to this in time, with a view of stamping out the disease should it show any tendency to spread. As the percentage of cases of recovery from this disease would undoubtedly be small under any treatment, it would he well to anticipate any spread of the disease by shooting those animals first attacked. Had this been done in the present instance it is very doubtful whether Mr. Umpherston would have to regret the loss of his five horses." THE PRINCE AND THE CARANDINLS.—The following story has found its way into the Launceston Examiner of the 13th instant:—" His Royal Highness Prince Alfred, when he left Sydney, was not i accompanied by the Earl of Belmore. The j journalB been suspiciously silent, but private advices have not been so reticent. It is said that the Efcrl absented himself, or rather did not attend to bid the Prince a public farewell, because of a nuarrel between himself and the Duke. It seems that a few days previous the Earl of Belmore announced his intention of giving a dinner-party at Government House, and the Prince wanted him to invite the Carandinis. This the Earl positively refused do, and the Prince, in a huff, threatened he would not honour the party with his presence. The Earl of Belmore was firm, and the Prince was equaUy obstinate. He absented himself, and did not again trouble the Governor with his presence." "Wife, wife, what has become of the grapes?" "I suppose, my dear, the hens picked them off," was her moderate reply. "jHens— hens! -some two-legged hens, I guesi " said her * ^ f * ^ ' J — ^ ^_ me impetuosity; to My i^Rf. dear, tuo^iJ did ty you i^to ever „ wllich see any 8he other Kind?' THE THEATRE ROYAL. — The return to the 'legitimate drama," after the interlude of the Pantomime season, has been successfully inaugurated. There was a well- filled house on Monday when the curtain rose on the "Corsican Brothers"—a piece which has long enjoyed a favourable reputation. The success of its representation depends far more upon the scene-painter and mechanist than upon the actor. Each act is worked up into a spectacular climax, in which the leading feature is the mysterious connection between the brothers—so alike in figure, in expression, and in sensibilities. There is associated with the drama all the difficulty resulting from an admixture of the real and the supernatural. The transformations are sudden and chilling; the characters are introduced abruptly, and no less abruptly disappear; the incidents are strung together so as to suit the one leading idea without much regard to coherency, and without any particular display of artistic skill. Probably these sudden apparitions of halls of justice and masquerades and so forth are intended to contribute towards the illusion—to be in sympathy with the subtle and ghostly union between the two prominent figures. There was a tameness observable in the style of presenting the piece on Monday night which cannot be charged to any particular actor or to any especial defect in the mounting, and which doubtless will he remedied on repetition. There were one or two entirely new scenes exhibited. One of these was put on during the masquerade ball, and was a thoroughly creditable production. The ball itself was on a small scale, although far from being a failure. Figures masked aud unmasked danced and promenaded; the merry active clown went through his antics; and a protracted encounter between George and the Dragon, or some other fabulous pair, terminated in the orthodox style with the thorough discomfiture of the scaly monster. The party at Le Baron de Montgiron's was a very quiet affair indeed; and the duel between M. Louis de Franchi and M. de Chateau Renaud was equally unexciting to the audience, who merely came in at the death. However, any disappointment on this score was amply compensated for by the interest enkindled by the determined struggle between M. Fabian de Franchi, the avenger of his assassinated brother— cold, resolute, inexorable—and Chateau Renaud, moody, apprehensive, tormented with gloomy forebodings of impending defeat and death. The mechanical arrangements for enabling the ghost gradually to glide into the light of day worked admirably, but the mode of exit was far less happily contrived and less effectively executed. Besides this little or no attempt was made to produce the impression of a disembodied shade revisiting the glimpses of the moon. The mao, save in his utter immobility, had nothing to hide the "muddy vesture of decay." But, taken all in all, there is not much ground for complaint in reference to the mechanist's part. The dual character of MM. Fabian aud Louis de Franchi was taken by Mr. Bellair, and well taken too. Mr. Lawrence, notwithstanding [a severe cold, enacted the calculating villanous side of Renaud's character effectively. His make-up, however, rather gave the idea of a truculent ill- concealed ruffian than a man of fashion and a thorough-paced lady-killer. Mr. Munro's Montgiron was carefully and spiritedly played, and the same may be said of Miss Juno's Emilie de Lespane. This lady is particularly successful in denunciation, and her bearing and tone in administering the withering invective against Renaud were forcible and to the purpose. Miss Adelaide Stoneham went through her Dart of Estelle, a lady of the ballet, with the most thorough naturalness. A reckless levity, which only too plainly marked the r6le she had to take, was expressed in her every word and gesture. The other characters went creditably through what was required of them, and the performance only requires a repetition to be a very successful one. The farce was " My Heart's in the Highlands," the merits of which are of a very negative order. The same bill is offered for to-night. MADAME BISHOP'S CONCERTS.—To- night the first of Madame Anna Bishop's concerts will take place in White's Rooms, and we judge that nothing but this announcement is necessary to ensure a full attendance. Madame Bishop is to be assisted by an Adelaide favourite, Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. Alfred Wilkie, a gentlemen who comes well recommended, but has never before appeared in this city. Lady Edith Fergusson intends honouring the performance with her presence. The programme, which is varied and attractive, will be found in another column. To prove how greatly Madame Bishop's concerts were appreciated in Melbourne, we quote the following from the Argus of Tuesday, April 13 :— "Madame Bishop's farewell concert' took place last night, and was attended by Major-General Sir Trevor Chute and Lady Chute, Sir Redmond Bariy, and as large an audience as ever assembled in St. George's fclall, the floor aud gallery of which were crowded to excess. This concert was the ter- mination of Madame Bishop's final professional visit to this colony. To day she, with her husband (Mr. Schuitz), Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. Wilkie, will leave Melbourne for Adelaide, where a short series of concerts will be given prior to her departure for England, en route to New York,*in which city she purposes, it is understood, to take up her abode for the rest of her life. Madame Bishop is one—perhaps the most eminent one—of the very few vocalists that have visited this part of the world who can claim to be considered perfect artists. It is not only because of the delightful quality and purity of her voice, but from the exquisite style of her singing, in which are included feeling, articulation, pronunciation, gracefulness, fioritwre, and all the requisites of effective and captivating vocalization, that she has achieved a distinction for which she may truly be envied by every earnest aspirant to fame in the world of vocal art. She may have experienced demonstrations of approval of a more uniform character in other cities and towns of Australasia, but it may safely be asserted that her talents aud genius have nowhere been appreciated more than iu this city. During this last visit of Madame Bishop she has, with her wonted kindness, afforded novices the benefit of rehearsing with her in private, and the privilege of singing with her in public; and when it is considered how great her facility is for imparting instruction under such circumstances, as well by her example as by her directions, it will be concluded thattliatbenefitand that privilege amount to something of no mean value. Judging from the present state of the musical world, it will be long before another artiste of Madame Bishop's estimable qualities will make her appearance in this city.'" MARINE BOARD.—The Marine Board met on Monday, April 19, when, in addition to the usual amount of routine business, the following matters were dealt with:—Minute from the Treasurer, intimating that the President would accompany the Commissioner of Crown Lands on a visit to the site of the proposed township of Troubridge. Treasury minute, stating that it was not considered desirable to make any separation in the contract for the boat services of the Customs and Marine Board Department. It was resolved to recommend that as the requirements of the Board for boat service were so trifling as compared with the Customs and Postal Department, that it would be desirable to place the contractor under the control of the Collector of Customs. A minute was read in reference to the employment of a horse by the Magazine-Keeper, and the Board expressed an opinion that it was unnecessary, as by an alteration of arrangements the charges could be collected on delivery of the powder. A Treasury minute intimated that the matter of leasing the Northparade wharf-frontages would be dealt with in the Crown Lands Department. A letter was read from G. Steward, in reference to the work at the Government Yard. The President stated that he had made enquiries, and satisfied himself that no action was necessary on the part of the Board. THE LATE MESSRS. BEERY & DUNSTAN'S ESTATE.—The whoie of the large area of vacant land in Grenfell-street, nearly opposite the Register and Observer Offices, and adjoining the well-known Albion Mills, is now sold. We learn that substantial warehouses will before long cover the vacant frontages up to the main building. It was some time ago arranged that a 20-feet road should run from Grenfell to Bundle streets in continuation of that dividing the properties of Mr. G. James, of the Norfolk Arms, and Mr. Primrose, the brewer; and we may add that the large brick building projecting at the side of the main structure, together with the chimney-stack, will be removed to make room for the other proposed erections. The extensive four-Btoreyed double warehouses, used by the late firm as the mill stores, are still undisposed of. ESMERALDA ORE.—The crushing, &c.;, of some ore from the Esmeralda Mine has yielded the following favourable results:—From a lot of 35 cwt., 7 ozs. 5 dwts. of gold and silver; from a lot of 40 cwt., 9 ozs. 14 dwts. of gold and silver. Mr. Railey estimates the value of this metal is from £2 to £216s. per ounce. WHOLESALE DROWNING OF SHEFP.—The proprietors of the Crystal Brook Run suffered during this season a singular loss of about 700 sheep in one of their large paddocks north-west of the station. The sheep were in the habit of proceeding far out on the remarkably shallow beach after the tide had receded and wandered about on the sands. On the tide returning they appeared not to be possessed of sufficient sagacity to make for higher I ground, and the beach lately for miles was found | strewn with their carcases. THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO THE NORTH.—His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, accompanied by his Private Secretary and Aid-de-camp, the Hon. Captain Edgcumbe, started from Adelaide by special train on Monday morning, April 19, at half-past 4 o'clock. There was a brief stoppage at Gawler, and Eapunda was reached at 6 o'clock. His Excellency then set out for Clare en route for Booyoolee, the head-station of Mr. H. B. Hughes. Our telegram mentions the manner of his reception at some of the places passed, and we were informed that His Excellency arrived at Clare before 12 o'clock. After a short stay he continued his journey, and was likely to reach Booyoolee within 24 hours of his departure. We believe he is likely to remain in the North for a few days. RELEASED PRISONERS.—His Excellency Sir Jas. Fergusson has ordered the release from the Dry Creek Labour Prison of two prisoners to whom his attention was called by the Comptroller of Convicts on the occasion of His Excellency's recent visit. One of these, named Webber, was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for larceny, and has served his time, less four months. He recently met with an accident in the quarries, by which his leg was broken, and the Governor directed his removal to the Hospital. The other prisoner was known as Old Man Archie, and his offence was sheep-stealing. HOSPITAL CASES.—John fc'ewell, the old man who was so seriously hurt through falling into the Second Creek on Thursday last, died from the effects of the injures received at the Hospital on Monday evening, April 19. J. H. Scott, who attempted to poison himself on Friday, was on Monday evening suffering severely from delirium, tremens, and was so violent that he had to be placed in a separate room, and some police-constables had to be sent for to manage him. The jockey Gibson and the boy Kendell were progressing favourably. THE PRINCE ALFRED HOTEL AND MB. GEORGE ALDRIDGE.—That well-known and thoroughly efficient public caterer, Mr. Aldridge, has now entered upon the handsome hotel erected next to the Town Hall by Mr. Bray, as will be seen by a business announcement elsewhere. He will there have ample Ecope for his abilities and resources. ADELAIDE PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.—A meeting of this Society was held on Monday evening in the refreshment-room of the Town Hall. It was resolved to meet every Friday evening for rehearsal, and that performing members be admitted ou application to the Committee. The appointment of Mr. R. B. White as leader and of Mr. J. Shakespeare as organist was confirmed. About 40 additional names were received for enrolment, and vtwo or three choruses were rehearsed. FRIGHTFUL DEATH OF A HORSE.—A singular accident recently occurred to one of the Northern mail horses. One of the mail coaches had just changed horses, and a fine team was put in harness, but had only proceeded from the mail station a short distance when the driver's attention was directed to one of the animals in the pole, a fine beast standing over 16 hands high, becoming suddenly lame. It being midnight, no further notice was taken until the coach had proceeded about six miles onward. Then the vehicle was suddenly brought to a standstill by the horse falling, and on examination it was found that the poor animal had bled to death from the loss of its hoof, which had been torn" off at the navicular joint, leaving the coronet and pastern completely exposed to the metal road. The sufferings endured must have been most acute, as the bone was completely worn down by coming in contact with the surface of the road. AN AMERICAN HOTEL AT ST. KILDA.—A few days ago our (Argus) Ballarat correspondent mentioned, as a new scheme just introduced to the notice of the "Corner," a "Grand Marine Hotel Company," projected by Mr. C. Forster, for several years the Governor of the Ballarat Gaol, next proprietor of the George Hotel, Ballarat, and latterly known as the proprietor of the George Hotel, St. Kilda, near the Railway Terminus. Hence it was not inappropriate that he should seek early the support of his Ballarat friends. The exhibition in Mr. Paling's window in Collins-street of the magnificent design for the new building, prepared by Mr. J. Flannagan, has now in a measure brought the thing before th-s Melbourne public. It is not the first time a grand marine hotel at St. Kilda has been talked of, but the present undertaking has more promise of success than any of the others. The proposition is to raise a capital of £30,000, in 5,000 shares of £10 each; and, en passant, it may be mentioued that about 700 of these shares were taken up at the "Corner" within a very short time. Between £30,000 and £40,000 of this money is to be spent on the hotel, which is to be built on the vacant corner, 135 teet x 250 feet, at the corner of Grey and Fitzrov streets, immediately adjoining the George Hotel, and opposite the Railway Station. The allotment has already been purchased by Mr. Forster from Mr. Edward Cohen. The projected building is of superb dimensions, and, as planned, surpasses in appearance every other Victorian hotel. The facade commands both streets. At the corner is a tall tower shaped like a campanile, rising over 100 feet. At each flank there are lesser towers, of four storeys each, and the body of the two fronts consists of two sets of three colonnades, one above the other, the two lower ones surmounted by light round-headed arches, and the upper offering some variety of design in the Corinthian columns which support the parapet. The style is propeily called Italian, but it has been so applied that an air of elegant lightness is given to the whole exterior. The interior design provides for a club-house at one end, a manager's residence, and the hotel proper, which last includes a large dining-room 50 ft. x 25 ft., several smaller diningrooms for family purpose, about 16 sitting-rooms, and SO bedrooms. Altogether, independent of servants' rooms and cellarage, the structure will conta n 120 rooms. In the centre is to be a court, with fountains, flowers, and greenery. There will be no bar except at the extreme back, but ample provision in the shape of smoking, coffee, and billiard rooms. The club-house has, of course, its independent accommodation. Tho internal corridors are arranged in suites of rooms for families, and also upqn a scale similar to those of the large American hotels for borders, who will thus unite the independence of the hotel with the comfort of a boarding-house. The kitchen is to be on the topmost storey, hydraulic lifts affording the necessary means of communication. The institution will also combine a Post and Telegraph Office. LONGFELLOW AT HOME.—We have c?me to a large aauare wooden house, with nothing especially attractive about it. Jt stands back from the street, its front in full view, looking over Charles River. Near it. at the sides, a few trees and bushes relieve the open space. This is the house known as Washington's head- quarters; and here for many years has lived Henry W. Longfellow, the sweetest and moBt romantic of American poets. The house seems full of him. The spacious rooms are furnished with unostentatious luxury; elegant literature is freely strewn about: pictures, engravings, and miscellaneous works of art adorn the wails and grace the mantels. The library on the second floor front expresses the occupant. It is a large sunny room, filled with books in all languages, that seem to have fallen into their places at the bidding of the muse. Here sits the poet. Mr. Longfellow was always a poet to look at—in form, feature, and expression a poet. Lawrence's portrait, engraved for the 6mall blueand- gold edition of, the poetical works, gives an admirable idea of his head and countenance in its finest mood— though not in its domestic aspect. Since the fearful death of his wife the outward man of the poet has altered much. The step is less buoyant than it was, the bearing less joyous, the look less elate. The florid man has matured into an exceeding mellowness of dignity. Fine and rich-looking ne always was—exquisitely neat in dress, and exquisitely elegant in person—though always animated by a sentiment that saved him from the suspicion of foppery. But now he has attained a wonderful completeness of expression. His aspect is that of a bard in the full affluence of his years, and the full wealth of his genius. His silvered hair is long and wavy; his beard grows white and thick beneath his chin, looking more like a deep lace ruff than anything el.-e; his voice is melodiouB as an organ, and his features, hand- some as ever, have been touched with new lines by the action of thought and sorrow. His manners are very beautiful to all persons; and he carries about with him that indescribable atmosphere that marks the perfectly-cultured gentleman. Longfellow has just finished his work of many years—his translation of Dante. No finer version from one language into another has ever been done. Not satisfied with all that his own admirable scholarship, wonderful wealth of diction and perfect taste in rythrn could achieve, he has called in his friends to pass judgment ou his work. Each Wednesday evening through the winter a choice company of scholars and critics have met in the poet's library to hear the divine stanzas read, and to *eigh the words as they fell from the oet's lips. There were Holmes, and Fields, and S[orton, and Furness, the artist lately deceased, and such others as the hour might bring. Lowell held the Italian copy, Norton the English translation, Furness a translation in German, and as the new translator read his passages, and paused for criticism or remark, the listeners gave the benefit of their suggestions.—New Yerk Independent. 