ALL SAINTS CHURCH, BRISBANE. THE ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the new church of All Saints, on Wickham-<*> terrace, was performed on the afternoon of April 5, by His Excellency the Governor, I aviated by the Bight Rev. Dr. Tufnell, Anglican | bishop of Brisbane. The ReTs. T. Jones, J. Matthews, J. Sutton, and J. Moaely, also took part iv the ceremony. Considering the unpro pitious weather, the attendance was larger than was expected, comprising about three hundred persons. The rain, which had been coming down pretty heavily all the afternoon, ceased falling just previous to the commencement of the service, and held off till its conclusion. His Excellency, accompanied by his suite, arrived on the ground at half-past 4 o'clock, and was received at the western end of the building by the Hon. J. Douglas, M.L.C., trustee of the church, Messrs. F. O. Bryant and J. R. Dickson, churchwardens, Mr. Suter, architect, and several members of the congregation. The Rev. T. Jones, incumbent of the church, then read the following address to His Excellency :— ALL SAINTS, BRISBANE. To His Excellency S. W. Blackaxl, Esq., Governor and Coinmander-in-Chief of the Colony of Queensland and its Dependencies. May it please Your Excellency,—We, the clergyman, trustees, and churchwardens of All Saints Church, in the City of Brisbane, beg leave to approach your Excel lency with a deep feeling of personal regard for yourself, and of loyalty to Her Majesty, whom you represent. We have asked the favor of your attendance on the present occasion, to lay the corner-stone of our new church, feeling assured that yon would be pleased to follow the example so constantly set.by that august lady, our Sovereign Queen, in promoting and assisting every good work of piety and benevolence. The building we propose, with the Divine favor, to erect will be devoted to the service of God, and we hope may long remain a temple meet for the high and holy use to which, ere long, we trust it may Deconsecrated, remind ing those who worship within it* walls, and those also whose eyes will rest on it as they pass to their daily callings, of that Temple on high, made without hands, and to which the steps of all should be tending. In asking you to lay this corner-stone, we hope to enlist your interest and sympathy in our undertaking. Out endeavors will henceforth constantly be that the building about to rise from this stove may ere long be consecrated to Almighty God, and set apart for ever from all uses but his service. We pray your Excellency to accept the heartfelt expressions of our prayers for your personal health and wealth. Trusting you may long be spared to enjoy the blessings we pray God to bestow on.yon, and to devote your energies in promoting peace and happiness, truth and justice, religion and piety, in this portion of Her Majesty's dominions. We remain, Ac, Ac., T. Jones, Incumbent. J. Douolas, Treasurer. His Excellency gave the following reply:— To the Clergymen, Trustees, and Churchwardens of All Saints Church. Gentlemen,—l thank you for your expression of per sonal regard contained in your address, and of loyalty to Her Majesty, whom I have the honor to represent in this colony. It affords me great pleasure to follow Her Most Gracious Majesty's example in »«<«M"g to promote such a work of piety and benevolence as the building of this church, by laying the corner-stone; and my instructions from Her Majesty enjoin me in every way to further the Interests of religion. I trust the proposed building will answer all the pur poses to which it will be devoted, and that those who may hereafter assemble within its consecrated walls may be duly impressed with the necessity and advan tage of Divine worship. In this undertaking you have my earnest sympathy, with an anxious desire that all your endeavors to con secrate this church to the service of God may be crowned with success. And, thanking you most sincerely for the expression of your good wishes and prayers for my own health and welfare, that I may be enabled to enjoy those blessings which God may bestow upon me, I ven ture to assure you that no efforts shall be spared by me (and I trust that, by the Divine grace I may be em powered to carry out my Intentions), to promote peace and happiness, truth and justice, religion and piety, in this portion of Her Majesty's dominions. I have the honor to be, your most obedient and faith ful servant, 8A MITEL BLACKALL, Governor. At the conclusion of the 84th psalm, the fol lowing document was signed, and placed with copies of the Brisbane Courier and Queensland Express, a photograph of the old building, and the coins of the realm, in a glass bottle, and finally deposited in a cavity of the stone pre pared to receive it:— Queensland. Australia. All Saints Church, Brisbane. The Corner Stone of the Church in which this Scroll is placed was, in accordance with Ancient usage. Solemnly laid in due form by His Excellency B&xrEL; We.nslet Blacjlaxl, Governor of Queensland, April sth, 18(39, In the presence of and assisted by The Bight Bevd. Edwd. Wvndhaji Tufnell, DJD., Lord Bishop of the Diocese, The Clergy, Trustees, and Churchwardens, Xhe Clergy of the City, The Mayor of Brisbane, Chief Officers of State, Members of both Houses of the Legislature, And of the Civil Service, and Others. Samuel Blackall, Governor. E. W. Brisbane, Bishop. T. Jones, Incumbent. J. Douglas, Trustee. R. (i. Sutek, Architect. J.POLw'A«n,} Buildc™- J. Matthews,") J. Scttow, > Clergy. J. Moselt, j W. M. Botce. P. F. Terry. G. H. Vkbney. The lime having been prepared, and spread on the stone by the Governor, the stone, which had been suspended a height of three feet above its final resting place, was lowered in three successive falls of twelve inches each. When placed in its proper position, and tested with the level and plumb, the Governor, giving the stone three successive knooks with the maul, pronounced it " level, upright, and duly laid," adding, " In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this corner- stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The service was then proceeded with, those present being invited, previous to its conclusion, to place their offer ings on the corner-stone. The amount thus raised, which was £22, will go to the building fund, and is the first money actually collected yet for that object. The Bishop then delivered a short address, in which he gave a brief history of the previous building, and the movement which had resulted in the commencement of the erection in con nection with which they were there assembled. He also stated that he hoped that the building fund would soon be entirely raised, as the church could then be consecrated, which could not be done till it was out of debt, and concluded by cordially thank ing His Excellency for his kindness in taking part in the work. His Lordship concluded by pronouncing the benediction, and dismissing the assemblage. The new church will be built on the exaot site of the old structure, which it was found necessary to remove, principally through its not containing sufficient accommodation for the congregation. The enlargement will pro vide 120 new sitting*, and, when completed, the church will accommodate 600 people. The length of the previous building will be increased by 20 feet, the height of the walla by 6 feet, and of the roof by 8 feet. Altogether the nave will be 86 feet long by 42 wide; the walls 16 feet high; and the chancel 20 feet long by 15 feet wide. The ventilation will be improved, and the means of approach and exit greatly in creased. No ornamentation of any kind is contemplated, the trustees being unable to incur any expenditure not absolutely re quired beyond that of securing a building adapted for the purpose for which it is raised. The form of the previous building has been adhered to, and the character of the ancient basilica carried out as far as possible in the details. The style of architecture adopted may be called Italian-Gothic, freely treated to meet the requirements of the climate. Though there will be nothing imposing or pre tentious about it, the church, when completed, will be one which will do credit to the city. It is only built on a corner of the ground belonging to it, there being much more available space between it and the adjacent Presbyterian Church. When the old { church, however, was in course of erection, it 1 was built on that spot in the expectation that the congregation would soon be able to put up a large and handsome church alongside, on the ground allotted to them, in which case the old building could have been used as a school house ; and it is probable that some such idea now actuates the authorities of that church. We understand that the new church, when com pleted, will be fenced in. The contract price of the work is £1200, and it is to be finished in about three months from the present time. Mr. R. G. Suter is the architect, and Messrs. Hely and Polwarth the builders. 