ANGLING IN ENGLAND A DAT AMONG THE PIKE IN 1869. (FBOM THE FIELD.) Good pike fishing is now harder to find than good salmon fishing, was the remark of ; the Field some short time ago. I read it ; with an unpoetieal grunt expressive of < assent to that and a hundred other senti- j ments of the laudator temporis acti style. ; But that was not all; it aroused within me i the old longing for a. good day among the ' pikes, than which it is hard to find better : sport. There is no sympathy for the Tanged : monster who lies snapping his greedy jaws 1 at your feet, and although it has cost Der- ? chance the life of one bait to take his life, what glee there must be in all the hundreds of little fishes* hearts when they see that terrible tyrant dragged out of their watery world, xhe sport-a triumph of skill over ferocity. In its little way it is the tiger hunting of the angler. Though of old I have had many a good day, opportunities had been wanting during the last three or four years, A few hours now and 'then, rewarded at fcest with a fish of 41b.* or 51b. weight, was alt that I could : tell; and the idea of a real good day, with three or four fish to show at night, each of: which could make a 71b. weight dance merrily in the opposite scale, had come tq be regarded as a thing of the past, if not an Utter myth. But now the old longing is. Are there any pike in the Styx, I wonder ? If so, I know I shall be asking old Charon to shove his punt under the bank a bit, while I take just a spin; and as for " the fat weed that grows on Lethe's wharf,'' of course there~ is the ghost of a whopper there. A phantom minnow ought to be the bait for The more I tried to persuade myself that the days of old could never be equalled, the more I felt inclined to put the matter to the proof. Then I remembered an ornamental lake about fifteen miles off, wherein mighty pike were said to dwell, although of late years none had been taken by those who had tried it. The noble owner gave me per mission to fish in it, with a kind readiness for which I can never be thankful enough, and I set to work overhauling my tackle for the occasion. s The old pocket-book, with my grandfather s name and 1811 inscribed in it, had worn better f.lian its contents, for many a hook was was pointless and many a piece of gimp untrustworthy. The line department was in a still mor« woeful state j one after another was tried and found rotten, until at length some seventy yards of twisted silk came to light, suggestive enough of kinks and tangles but still tolerable sound. The rod, to which I had literally looked up with awe when its shortest piece out-topped my head, though heavy, was serviceable as ever when a miss ing ring or two had been restored. A few worms, well used in a neighbouring moat, supplied me with a score roach, which were carefully stored in a wash-tub and set afloat in the duck-pond. My groom, gardener, parish clerk, and general factotum received instructions to call me at five, and be ready to start for the train at six ; and then, after a last overhaul of tackle, a glance at the stars, from which the frosty look seemed to be fading, and a tranquillising pipe duly smoked my preparations were complete. I think I went to bed between eleven ' o'clock and twelve, but I am convinced that I could not have had more than half an hour of very restless sleep, when a large pike resolved itself into a gleam of light on the ceiling, and distinctly shouted in a hoarse voice, "Five o'clock, sir!" A good cold sponge on a January morning soon removes all trace of dreams, and I hastened down stairs to find out of doors intense darkness, some traces of newly-fallen rain, and a piercing south-easterly wind. Then came the usual hindrances. The baits in the washtub had broken their moorings and drifted to the far side of 'kthe pond, inacces sible by daylight, much more so in the fitful gleam of a stable lantern ; a long pole had to be fetched, and used with great nicety to pilot the erring vessel back in safety, and of course, as this was a delicate operation, the lantern took the opportunity to go out ; it is needless to add that the matches were in the harness-room. However, tbanks to the energy of my old factotum, we were in time for the early train some three miles off and at dawn, as soon as there was light enough to fish, I emerged from the wood on the shore of the lake. t It was a scene to gladden a fisherman's heart. There lay the water, rippling merrily in the clcar brisk breese, flashing back the rosy light in the sky which marked the point where the sun would soon appear oyer the wolds; the grey mist, rolling aside, disclosed fine old timber and grassy glades ; and the waterfowl hurried away with many a noisy protest againstthe intrusion upontheirhaunts. Whiz, whir-r-r goes the live bait for the first trial. . . X dry mv band3, persusde myself that it is not cold, and make up my mind not to be disappointed if there be no fish on the feed. Hardly have I done so wben the float vanishes with a rush, which bids^ me look out for my tackle, and rouses again all those painful doubts of its efficiency. What a comfort it is when the fish saves you the trouble of striking by doing it for himself! Thirty vards and more fly out; then he stops, "is he going to sulk ? No ; off a^ain -now down the bank side-now for some boats moored to a little jetty. Once there, and alas for my line ! so that must not be at any price. Now again he makes for the deeps, and sullenly halts, doubtless oyer some favourite bed of weeds. But growing anxious to see him, I slowly coax him towards the bank, What a wave he makes. Now I see him! Yes, but the view is mutual, as it was with Professor Porson's friend who saw Brothers the Prophet-" Brothers the Prophet saw him and, not liking my phys ognomy, off he goes again like a new- one* The view convinced me that I should have my work to do before that fellow fairly was grassed, for there was an indescribable vici ousness in the shake of his head, which X have always found to be expressive of fight ing to the last. Up and down the hank he takes me, insensible to fatigue, and1 horribly sensitive of me and the gaff. At length the earth-stopper appe&rs; m hail brings him_ to my aid. A few brief directions are given, and the earth- stopper stands, his bridle in one hand, the gaff in the other. Steady-now-and the, , horse snorts and starts back as a pike*of 18|lb. lies at his feet . He was quickly followed by one of 7^1b., then came the fish of the day, 50|lbl, gaffed for me by the keeper; after that some smaller fish, relieved by one of 161b. and one of 19|lb. This last fellow gave me some trouble, as I was alone at the time, and had plenty to do before I could bring him within reach of the gaff. At length he came sailing in, and I made my effort; but instead of landing him, away went the fish, and the line spun throug^ the rings till some fifty yards were out^\ then he checked, and, I had time to look at the gaff wondering how I could have been so clumsy. A glance explained it all. The staff was in my hand, but the gaff was gone. In ten minutes' time my friend again ap proached the bank, with the gaff still in him, and, drawing his head gently on the shore I gave him the butt of the staff on the oc ciput, and landed him by the eyes before he knew where he was or what ailed him. Not many gaffs have had such a cruise and returned safe to the owner. . - By half-past two p.m. my baits were all gone, many having done duty both as live and dead, and I packed up my tackle jafter the best day's sport I ever had. Ten pike laj;-g over the grass, of which the five laraaBP weighed 93^1b., and the five smallest 2^m. Eight others were returned to the water, as unworthy of the bag on such a day. Better fed fish were never seen, and more vigorous, game, fighting 'fellows I never met with. Above all, there was the satisfaction of leav ing no hook behind to the ruin of some good fish whose good or ill fortune it might be to break a tackle. After sending the big one to the nobleman whose kindness gave me so much pleasure, I found myself in that delightful condition so rare to the angler- obliged to find a cart for my fish. The old keeper of the lake sup plied the necessary galloway and spring cart, and on we jogged for the station,- not forget I ting to drink long life to his lordship on the i way. Such was my first day's pike fishing in 1869\. May there be more such in store for the Editor ana readers of the Field, and S. K. 