A TALE OF LOVE. Two maids were walking in the grove (They both, were growing old), The one to tell a tale of love, They other to be told. " He is not rich," the elder said, Nor handsome, nor high-born ; The man whom I propose to wed Most other girls would scorn." " What is he then ? you make me fear ;" The maiden's tears fell fast : " He was the first to offer, dear, And he may be the last!" A YOUNG man generally gives a lock of his hair to his sweetheart before he marries her. After marriage she some- times helps herself—and dosen't use scissors either. A MAN passing through a gateway in the dark, hit his nose against a post. " I wish the post was at the——." " Better wish it somewhere else," said a bystander, " you might run against it again." " Much remains unsung," as the tom-cat remarked to the brick-bat, when it abruptly cut short his serenade. IT is said that when a Russian hus- band neglects to beat his wife for a month or two, she begins to get alarmed at his indifference. MOTTO FOR THE REPRIEVED.—" NO noose is good news." WHY are ships called she ?—Because they always keep a man on the look out. AN American editor, in response to a subscriber who grumbled that his paper was always damp, said it was because there was so much due (dew) on it. THE TIME WHEN.—The following is sharp : First Party,—" You'll come to the gallows some day." Second Party. —" Yes, the morning you're hanged." WHEN a man and woman are made one by a clergyman, the question is, which " is " the one. Sometimes there is a long struggle between them before this matter is finally settled. A NOBLE FAMILY.—Prejudices die out sooner or later. The founder of the Pallavicini—flay my neighbour family gained his patronymic from sharp dealings some few hundred years ago, and the Pallavicini have for long been one of the noblest families in Liguria. A SAILOR was watching two men with a cross-cut saw trying to cut through a tough log. Having studied the matter for a few minutes, Jack came to the conclusion that they were pulling to see who would get the saw ; and as one was an immense big chap, while the other was a little fellow, he decided to see fair play. So, giving the big one a blow under the ear that capsized him, he jerked the saw out of the log, and giving it to the little man, he sang out, " Now run, you beggar." AFTER the conviction of an English- man for murder at the present assizes at Stafford, his wife, in her last inter- view with him, expressed her intention of taking Ben and Dick (the children) to see him executed. He demurred, and said she must not do so, when she exclaimed, " Dang it, Bill, you never would let the brats enjoy themselves." AN able writer gives utterance to the following valuable secret : — " This looking forward to enjoyment don't pay. From what I know of it, I would as soon chase butterflies for a living, or bottle up moonshine for cloudy nights. The only way to be happy is to take the drops of happiness as God gives them to us every day of our lives." ONLY A MISTAKE.—A curious story is going the rounds of a mis- take in a mustard poultice at an hotel. A lady, whose husband was suffering from a cold, got up at midnight and went below to fetch a mustard poultice. In the agita- tion of her soul, she mistook the room on her return, and went into one where there was a light burning as dimly as in that she left—a room altogether similar, and apparently her husband in bed fast asleep. She ap- plied her mustard poultice to his chest, and sat quietly at the bed side till it began to draw. It did draw ; but it drew an infuriated scream from the poor fellow who had been the subject of her unconscious solicitude. At the sound of the unaccustomed voice, the nature of the accident which had be- fallen her and her patient was at once visible, and she rushed headlong from the mustarded man into the arms of her liege lord. Both parties told their story the next day, and had to leave amidst the derisive laughter of the hotel occupants. A BLUSTERING man in a railway car- riage said, " I should like to meet that bishop of ———; I'd put a question to him that would puzzle him." " Very well," said a voice out of another corner, " then now is your time, for I am the Bishop." The man was rather startled, but presently recovered, and said, " Well, my Lord, can you tell me the way to Heaven ?" " Nothing is easier, answered the Bishop ; " you have only to turn to the right, and keep straight forward." LOST HER CHARACTER.—A young Irish girl, going from Albany to New York to a situation, lost her written recom- mendation on the steamer, and on arriving at New York, was^ much troubled about it. Having a friend in the city that knew her trouble, he agreed to help her. The following is a copy of her certificate :-" This is to certify that Bridget Mahony had a good character when she left Albany, but lost it on the steamboat coming down.—(Signed) DENNIS O'TOOLE. AN American editor thus advertises his missing hat : -" The gentleman who inadvertently took our new beaver, and left an inferior article in its stead, will do us infinite kindness by return- ing ours, and he shall receive our warmest thanks and two apologies— one apology for the trouble we gave him, and the ' apology for a hat ' he left us.'" THE Chicago Tribune is jubilant over the Republican victories in Pennsyl- vania, Ohio, and Indiana. It becomes quite obstetric in its metaphor :-" The twins " are born, and their names are Ulysses and Schuyler. The mother is as comfortable as could be expected. The daddy, old Uncle Sam, is as happy as a clam at high tide." PHYSIOLOGICAL CHANGE.—A professor was explaining, in a young ladies school in France, the theory according to which the body is entirely renewed every six- years. " Thus Mademoiselle F," said he, addressing a pretty blonde with a wide-awake face, " in six years years you will be no longer Mademoi- selle F."—" I hope so," replied the un- sophisticated casting down her eyes. A WEDDING GIFT.—Among the gifts to a newly-married pair, the other evening, was a broom, sent to the lady, accompanied with the following senti- ment :- " This trifling gift accept from me Its use I would commend ; In sunshine use the brushy part, In Storms the other end." WHAT HE WANTED.—" Fellow-citi- zens," said a stump, orator, " we have the best country in the world, and the best government. No people on the face of the globe enjoy more privileges than we do. We have the liberty of the press without onerous despotism. What, fellow-citizens, is more desirable than this ? Can you want anything more, my countrymen ? "—" Yes, siree !" shouted a listener. " I want a suck of that flask sticking out of your coat- pocket behind." AN ELIGIBLE PEW.—A pew in a con- tracted meeting-house is thus adver- tised for sale in a Yankee contempo- rary :- A pew in the meeting-house of the first parish in Soughnam for sale. The man that owns the pew owns the right of a space just as long and wide as the pew is from the bottom of the meeting-house to the roof, and he can go as much higher as he can get. If a man will buy my pew, and sit in it on Sundays, and repent and be a good man, he will go to heaven ; and my pew is as good a place to start from as any pew in the meeting-house." THE HUMOURS OF TYPOGRAPHY.—Dur- ing the Mexican war, one of the , news papers hurriedly announced an import- ant item of news from. Mexico, that General Pillow and thirty-seven of his men had been lost in a bottle (battle). Some other paper informed the public, not long ago, that a man in a brown surtout, was yesterday brought before the court on a charge of stealing a small ox (box) from a lady's work-bag. The stolen property was found in his waistcoat- pocket. A rat (raft), says another paper, descendeded the river, came in contact with a steam-boat, and so serious was the injury to the boat, that great exertious were necessary to save it. A contemporary once stated that the Russian General Backmoff- kowsky was found dead with a long word (sword) in his mouth. It was, perhaps the same paper that, in a given description of a battle between the Poles and the Russians, said that the conflict was dreadful, and that the enemy were repulsed with great laughter (slaughter.) Again, a gentle- man was recently brought up to answer the charge of having eaten (beaten) a stage- driver for demanding more than his fare. ELECTIONEERING IN THE UNITED STATES.—The Pall Mall Gazette says : —" Our election fights are sometimes hot enough, and there are incidents connected with them—such as forging a man's name to the bottom of a spurious address—which we could wish to see omitted. But, after all, we can not match our friends across the Atlantic. The Democratic papers have lately made out that General Grant has committed in his time almost every offence which a vicious nature can suggest, and the Republicans have proved that Governor Seymour is not in his right mind, and that General Blair is never sober. These are among the milder amenities of the election. The heavier portions of election intelli- gence are relieved by such light and cheerful paragraphs as the following : —" The Boston Post says Mr. Seymour is the only man who grasps the whole situation. He is a pretty good grasper. General Hancock says so, and adds the Choctow word ' Dammim.' " These little personalities are more frequently expressed in verse. A poem has re- cently been levelled at the Democrats as a party, under the convenient nic- name of " Copperheads." There are seven verses, and the language of vituperation is pretty nearly exhausted before the close. One stanza may be taken as an example :- " From him the decencies of life And all its courtesies have fled ; He lives in a fretful, factious strife, A testy, touchy Copperhead ; A negro-fearing Copperhead ; A rebel-cheering Copperhead ; An unlearned, unlicked, Oft spurned, oft whipped, Dough-faced, cringing Copperhead." THE SIAMESE TWINS.—Articles have been appearing of late about the above persons and their visit to Paris, with the object, as it has been asserted, of securing the surgical skill of M. Néla- ton in making an artificial separation of that bond by which Nature has joined them together in a way which no Divorce Court can overcome. The subject was a good one on which to hang a little sensational writing ; and the mysterious nature of the union of Messrs. Chang and Eng, the Siamese in question, as well as the intensely interesting nature of the operation, have been dwelt upon. We gather, however, from a short and interesting article by Dr. Eve, the late Professor of Surgery in the University of Nash- ville, in the number of the Richmond and Louisville Medical Journal for this month, that the twins have probably no intention of the kind, and that all the accounts about the physical, moral, and mental unity between them are incorrect ; the twins are two beings, possessing as separate and complete organisations as any other two indivi- duals, the only connection being a short cartilaginous and integumental band common to both, the severance of which would, in all probability, be perfectly harmless. It has never been the opinion among medical men in America or Europe that the death of one of the brothers would be instantly followed by that of the other, or that their separation was surrounded by any fear- ful difficulty, or that the link between them is a means of perfect physical union by which sensations or impress- sions are conveyed from one to the other. So far from it, the band is almost insensible, and on shipboard they were pulled about by a rope tied to it. Dr. Eve tells us that no pulsat- ing vessel has ever been detected in it, though, undoubtedly, it is just in the centre of this cord, made up of gristle, and skin, and for about an inch on either side, that there are vessels and nerves communicating from one to the other. Here, but nowhere else, a touch on the space indicated is felt by both. Precisely here, and here alone is the band uniting them, there is a sensation, and nothing else whatever common to both. The decision of the profession thirty-eight years ago, when this case was first exhibited, was that the liga- ment was cartilaginous, probably a prolongation of the ensiform cartilage of the sternum ; and the chief, if not only objection to its division has been that the peritoneum might be involved in the operation. The question of separation was with themselves or their guardians, and not with the profession. In 1830 we declared that the case was more rare than curious. If one of them died, it would certainly be the duty of some one to make the attempt, taking care to divide the parts nearer the one deceased.—Lancet. A BATCH OF NEW PROVERBS.—The viper will stand upon the tip of his tail to make himself agreeable in good company.—The crane stands upon one leg, in heavenly meditation ; but all the while is looking sharply after his fish.—When the eyes and the lips lie, look to the hands and feet.—The prudent man (literally the man who has eyes in the back of his head) cares more whom he is with, than even what he does.—Four fishes smelt at the bait and turned their tails to it ; one fish came by and swallowed it. (The advantage of a council.)—Before the journey is over, the dog has run twice the distance. (Applied to a man who does not go directly to the point ; but wanders hither and thither like a dog.)—Make the four salutations to a friend every day. (This alludes to the four bows that were made to foreign ambassadors by all who met, them ; and the proverb means this : Keep up always the highest forms of courtesy with your friends.)—Jealousy kisses its left hand, because the right hand caught the fish.—The man you hate cannot carry his food to his mouth but you hate him more for his way of doing so.—The ghosts of snails got into their shells (money) by night, and go, for company, where there are most shells, (i.e., money makes money.) —Eukee ! Eukee ! Eukee ! but, wife, that salt fish will do. (" Eukee " is a solemn word addressed to the gods ; and the proverb alludes to the hypo- crite, who addresses the gods fervently, but sacrifices to them, only salt fish.)— The tears of a chief cause sore eyes to all other chiefs.—The water sends you back (reflects you), so do all men and women.—Better be quite blind than see one side only of everything.—If you will do the thing that has not been done before, first hide all the stones that are in the streets of the city.—To a tiger his claws ; to the serpent her venom ; to the eagle his talons ; to the rat his teeth ; and to men and women calumny. The good God gives weapons to all.—The Sheviri cursed the rain ; but the patient rain went on raining, and the earth became green. —Say it often, men, as well as parrots, will say it too.—If you slay your ad- versary, are you sure you have done him any harm ?—The ants march in one line, and overrun kingdoms. (An argument for unity and order.)—The echo says nothing of itself ; so, the people.—The clever lizard leaves its tail in your hand. (This was a favour- rite saying of the king when he was urging compromises on his councillors.) —A lie lasts for a day, but it may be the day.—When you want to sell the blunt hatchet, be the. first to say that it is blunt.—How wise the clever men, would be if they could understand the foolish !—All make the four bows to yesterday. (Meaning, I suppose, that all must submit to what we call now " the logic of facts.")—One wiseman knew the secret way into the city ; but all said, " Why should we follow one man ?"—The king had a friend before he was king.—Only the quite deaf hear praises always of themselves. —If the spider barked like a dog, would he catch flies ?—He who looks down gathers shells (i.e. money) ; he who looks up sighs for stars, but they do not come to him.—The tiger that you look at will not give you the death-stroke.—A wise man said a word too much ; that word was the word of a fool.—While the lightning lasted, two bad men were friends.—" Realmah " in Macmillan's Magazine. MARRIED IN HASTE, ETC.—An Ameri- can paper says that a rural-looking lady and gentleman, of Sterling, Cayuga Co., called on one of the justi- ces of the peace, and expressed a wish to be married. The pair were made man and wife. The following morning they reappeared, and each in turn desired that the proceedings might be annulled. The lady was particularly urgent. She stated that she had been entrapped into marrying the man who stood beside her by a piece of unparal- leled deception. She had been cor- responding with her cousin in Iowa, whom she had not seen since she was a child, and during the correspondence her relative had wooed and won her affections. He wrote her that he was coming on here in December to claim her hand, and take her to his home in the West. On Monday last the swain to whom she had got married made his appearance, claimed to be her cousin, said he could not wait until December, etc. On the strength of these representations, she had reluct- antly consented to wed. She had since learnt that the man whom she had married was not her cousin, but a wretch who had secured a wife by base deceptions. The man acknowledged his culpability, but pleaded in extenuation that the Iowa cousin had read him the letters of his intended ; that these had influenced him to do as he had done. His con- science smote him so grievously since the accomplishment of his treachery that he had made a full confession to the lady he had shamefully wronged. He had hoped to reconcile her to the fraud, but she would not. He was now willing to make the only amends he knew of, viz., to have the marriage contract annulled. The magistrate suggested he had not the power to unmarry them. He advised that as matters, had progressed thus far, it would be better for the lady to make the best of a bad bargain, and accept the situation. After a good deal of persuasion on the part of the bride- groom, the lady finally decided to accept the advice of the magistrate, on the assurance that the said bride- groom would " make it all right " with the genuine cousin away off in Iowa. Upon this happy settlement, the lady dried her tears, and the happy pair departed. A CORRESPONDENT of the Post makes the following extraordinary statement : —" I was one evening recently at the Royalty Theatre, and was very much astonished by the entrance of a young nobleman, very well known among the " upper ten," accompanied by a woman dressed up in man's clothes. Her en- trance caused a great deal of sensation in the theatre, as the disguise was pal- pable even to the most casual observer. I have heard since that the same young nobleman has been to the Holborn and several other theatres, with sometimes two or three women disguised as men. As this act renders the perpetrator liable to heavy penalties, and at the same time intensely disgusts the spec- tators, I trust, sir, by your kindly in- serting this letter in your columns, we shall see no more of it for the future." A correspondent of the Times writes on Monday, October 19 :—" When dining at the " London" at the corner of Chancery-lane and Fleet-street, the other day, three persons entered dressed fashionably in men's, attire. They seated themselves at a table in the room appropriated to gentleman, but their appearance and manners at once showed that two, if not all of them were women. The attention which they soon attracted became too hot for them, and they left after being in the room for about ten minutes." A cor- respondent of the Star professes to ex- plain the mystery. He says the indi- viduals really are of the male sex, but that they try to make themselves as effeminate as rouging the face, paint- ing the eyes, &c.;, will make them ap- pear. They also wear stays, and die the hair the fashionable colour ; but to escape the punishment consequent on detection in women's clothes, they adopt the ordinary evening costume of gentle- men. Hence they are supposed by those not in the secret to be females disguised as men. They are the sons of a well- known doctor of divinity. The mem- ber of the " upper ten " alluded to, as accompanying the womanish men is an " unfortunate " peer. 