CO *- A certain sensational item has just taken the round of the colonial press, with or ?without the comments of the Editors, as it suited each one's conscience or prejur ?dices. Under the startling title : ' Deten tion in an Adelaide Convent,' it is stated that Miss Giles, a young lady under age, ?was influenced by some priests to leave ner lome and join the Sisters of St. Joseph, that after eight months' detention, she was ultimately rescued by her brothers, partly by force and in the garb of the order. ;Such is the evidence produced by the fa mily and corroborated by the young lady herself. On the other side, we have the statements of Father Woods and the Sis ters, who. in contradiction to the above story, assert that the young lady having no fixed home at the time had of heiself and accompanied by her sister in law, her only protection at the time, applied for admission to the convent ; that, charitably received there, she had during a long no viciate appeared satisfied and anxious to make her profession ; that, as she walked out in her conventual habit most days, she was at jperfoot liberty to leave and go to her bjFoi&ier;'s house if she thought proper, the doors of the convent besides being. al- ways opened, she' could at any moment leave it, had she w^be-^t-Kdo so. To this last statement il:%c. ?$-)?& of the young lady is th^. every morning her first thought was to run. away, and her last every even ing was a reproach on her cowardice for having postponed the accomplishment of this good resolution. As for the other statements they are so completely at va riance with those of the G-iles family that the question rests entirely on the trust worthiness of the witnesses on each side. There is an axiom in Jurisprudence which might apply to the case ; the sense is that, in case of doubt he who gains by the crime is justly suspected. Now what on earth could the priests and Sisters gain by this foolish attempt against the liberty of Miss Giles — in this ? the nineteenth century ! What more difficult, if not in reality im possible undertaking? Suppose Mr. Parkes waylaid by St. Mary's beadle, the ICiatna Ghost exorcised out of him, and himself made a Benedictine, there might be some sense in that, some profitable end to be gained (?), which might compensate for tbe difficulties to be encountered ; but, without disparagement to Miss Giles' qua lifications and expectations, of which, we are perfectly ignorant, what possible gain could accrue to St. Joseph's Convent or to tbe church in Adelaide, from her abduc tion 1 Nuns are not made iu one day, a long noviciate is required, and the church forbids, under pain of excommunication, any undue influence or any restraint on the liberty of novices. Could the priests and nuns brave this, to them at least fear ful, penalty '? The civil laws are no less strong against the crime of abduction and the spirit of the age is on a par at least 'with them, have they .so stupidly defied all this ? Can any one believe such persons so entirely devoid of sense, and for. what good i An inquiry will probably be made by the proper authorities and we are su\ e that our readers at least will postpone their judgment on the case until full revelations are made. We cannot say more for the present. It is very probable that, should the evidence be conclusive against the lady and her protectors — we must not forget to notice that the father has as yet taken no part in the affair — as the scandal must cease and the sensational part of the story fall out, the whole of it will be lost sight of in many a column where the first ru ftiours have received such a welcome. Such is always the case with slanders, above all when the church is concerned, and we would be indeed much surprised should the old custom vary in this instance. But whatever may be the fact after the inqui ries, we will not keep our friends in the dark, knowing that the best defence of the church is the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. A Catholic Synod of all the Bishops in the Australian Colonies is about to he held in Melbourne. This announcement will, we feel assured, give great joy to our readers, who fully understand, amidst the difficult circumstances in which the Church is now placed in these colonies, how great is the want of united efforts on the part of our divinely appointed guides and pastors. Identity of faith and principles, perfect harmony of practice and support between our Venerable Archbishop and his brethren in the Episcopate, are matters of no doubt and to which every day affords a new and most complete demonstration. But such gatherings, in times of difficulties and even of peace if any such are known, have al ways been . recommended and earnestly enjoined by Councils and Popes. There with the special blessing promised to those who assemble in the name of the Lord, zeal is revived, piety increased, and charity Sbrongthensd.- There the spirit of wisdom, which does, and to the end of time shall inhabit the new Sion founded by Christ on Peter's Rock, more fully infuses his light ,\nd ojrace in the hearts of those who with Peter's successor, have to feed the sheep and lambs of the true fold. Besides, there always spring up some questions, not new in themselves, for evil and error are as old as the world and can only repeat them selves, but which, under a new disguise, call anew for all the watchfulness of the Church, and demand ot her ministers all the prudence and learning human minds are capable of. Not that even by advising together, our Bishops think their united wisdom and experience can ever suffice in the daily battle of error against truth — of good against evil ; but they know that although God has pro mised His assistance to the Church, far from rejecting human means, He has made them the channel, or, at least, the prepa ration of His grace ; so that, when after humble prayers and with prudent coainsel they shall have advised on the means of saving the people which has been entrusted to their care — when the Pope shall have blessed their labour with his inspired ap proval ; then, assured of the Divine help, they will proclaim to their respective Hocks the true words of salvation. Two great objects will above all occupy the future Synod, it' we are rightly informed, and they seem really the most important diffi culties — namely, education and mixed marriages. Let no one here -think that there is with our Bishops any doubt on tl 10 doctrine of the Church on these two vexed questions: that the Synod will have to examine and decide whether education' is or is not to be religious ; whether mixed marriages are or are not to be countenanced by the Church in Australia., The teach ing of the universal Church in the general councils, in the works of the Doctors, in the Apostolic Letters of the Popes, is too clear to admit of the least hesitation. What Catholic, what man of sense can doubt that education without religion is a ban and a curse to individuals and to society? who does not see that mixed marriages are one of the greatest dangers religious faith runs in our times, because so many, in spite of every days experience, notwithstanding the repeated warning of the Church, prefer in fact the flesh to God, and their earthly in terest to their childrens' eternal concern ? These then are not to be the objects of the Synod, but what special means areHo be adopted, in the present circumstances, to combat the tendencies of the age in this particular portion of the Church of God. May the divine blessing assist the most Reverend Bishops on w'. y.n these arduous questions devolve! The prayers of the faithful will not fail them, nor, with the j grace of God, the perfect submission on the part of all those who see in them the suc cessQrs of the Apostles to whom the Lord himself said : ' He who listens to you, listens;: to me, and he who despises you, de spised me.' I r. _ ? i The present state of the Superannuation ' Fund is causing much alarm to the civil servants as well as anxiety to the Govern ment who will find it necessary to inter fere with it before long. From returns presented to Parliament a few days before its prorogation it appears that the Super annuation Fund is on the verge of bank ruptcy and that the calculations made when this bill passed into law. were altogether erroneous. Every session the] Assembly was -called upon to; .vote pensions or gra tuities to the civil servants and their repre sentatives and in order' to piit*an end to this system; a Superannuation Bill was passed from which it was expected that the civil servants -would be enabled to draw their pensions when entitled to do so, and in order to form a nucleus to the fund and to i provide for those whu liad been many years in the service and whose time of re tirement was close at hand the Parliament voted the sum of ten thousand pounds. Since that time a deduction of four per cent is made from all those who come under the provisions of the act and this has yielded the sum of £22,615 which toge ther with interest and the money voted by Parliament come to -£33,598. This sum, large as it is, has been found inadequate to meet the claims upon it during the first four years of its existence, and unless another grant is given the fund will be exhausted and those drawing pensions will find them selves without their usual monthly allow ance arid those whose salaries ''have been .-clipped by' four per cent will have parted with their money for no useful purpose. This unsatisfactory state of things has been brought about by thir unsound basis upon which the fund was started as well as by the numerpus claims made upon it within the first few months of its existence. As an instance of the way the fund was handled the Parliamentary 'papers mention that the gratuities paid to the representatives of Mr. North, the Water Police Magistrate ; Mr. T7hr,the Sheriff, and Mr. Etyard, the Under secretary amounted in all to jSo-188 whereas these three'officefs had contributed altogether to the .Superannuation JBYuid only ,£17 l4.s. 4d. It is evident .therefore that. tfajse who calculated that; the,£ 10,000 voted* by- Parliament would be amply sufSi cictit to ''roeiit tW.cl'aivns of tin?, old civil iservant-s'^wqre greatly in, error. The fnci Jity afforded to ;the civil servants, to bake au vantage of the Act, lms also b«en' ariotheV' reason for it* .present state of in solvency,, for.,., it., is .notorious that many gentlemen are. now drawing their full salaries from this fund, .who are in the en joyment of good health, and well able to perform their, official duties had they chosen to continue doing so. 'They cannot be blamed for the course they have fol lowed for the vA'ct allows it, and it is not surprising that they should prefer to pass the remainder of their lives in leisure than to continue the l'outine of their official duties. The present state of the Super annuation Act, must engage the attention of Parliament during the next session, and the difficulty will be to deal equitably with the matter. : The country is pledged to continue the allowances of those, who have retired from the public service, as well as to provide for those who are paying a per centage of their salaries to the fund, unless indeed the Act is repealed, and compensa* tion made to all parties interested. Th& four per cent, is as much as can be dedttS* ted from the salaries, but this is not suffi* cient without further assistance from ^ Treasury, and the question for Parliame.nV to decide, will be whether the finances q£ country are to be taxed to any amount to. meet the claims under the Superannuation; Act. The Act itself was a great mistake for we see no reason why the civil servant^ who receive very fair salaries, should h& place in a better position than their fellow^ men employed in private and other institu tions. We never hear of any demands made by employees of private firms for at* lowances when retiring through ill healthy or by their friends when death deprives them of their support. Such persons if proyjdent, look for help to the various Mutual Provident Societies, where by pay ing yearly a small sum they can secure from; this source a certain sum at their death* Certainly the work of the civil servants is not more laborious than that of others and their salaries are notoriously high^t than if employed by other than the Qo- vernment. The Civil Service of New South Wales, is the worst managed of $av in the Australian colonies ; there is nc& standard of .proficiency required for it^andL iiLv patronage lies altogether m the hands of the Ministry of the day. Promotion is not the reward of merit and long service^ but is to be obtained through political !&- fluence. It is for this reason that we see* young men promoted over the heads of men who have grown gray in the public service, and whose only claim for prefer ence is, that their friends are able to wield considerable political influence. Until the entry into the public service is obtained through examination, and promotion regu« lated by certain defined rules, we cannot expect to see the service on a proper foQ^ ing. This as well as the state of the Su- perannuation Fund must engage attention, of the Parliament at an early day. The principal event of the week ha& been the Ministers' picnic on Tuesday which took place at Clontarf. Unfortvi nately the weather was not as propitious as might have been wished, for a drizzling rain fell the whole day, but still some fiv§, hundred persons responded to the invita tion and partook of the hospitality of th$ Ministers. Among those present were^ many members of both Houses of Parlia ment, as well as the leading citizens and: the heads of various civil departments. J\ was not what might be termed a Minis terial pic-nic, for many, who are known t-*. the political opponents of the present a$ ministration were present, and we a,r-$ therefore inclined to look upon the gather ing as representing more the influential;, than the political portion of the eomnxu* nity. It was evident, however, that the; narrow question of politics or sectarianism were not at stake, for the large assembly represented all shades in politics and rell* gion. After the turmoil of the late Se?v sion it was refreshing to see members who., had been so opposed to each, other, meet t£ the; greatest friends, and we, certainly cant see no reason why the differences in poli tics should interfere with social intercourse* There is one thing for which the present Ministers are to be praised, and that is-,, when they entertain their friends it is at. their own expense. Messrs. Martin, and' Parkes, besides confining the invitations iq their own immediate supporters drew lavgety upon the Government in the shape; of the use of the railway to con vey their friends to some :avoiite pic-nicking ground. Of the two systems that adopted l»y , Mi\ Robertson is far more manly, as the ex pense devolves upon him and his ministry^ 