THE REGATTA. Among the multifarious attractions held forth to holiday- keepers on Anniversary Day, the regatta is undoubtedly and deservedly the most popular. Every point which commanded a view of tbo hnrbour was yesterday thronged ' with people, who combined with tho pleasuro of n pionio a sight ol tbo aquatic sports which took placo upon tho harbour, whilo hundreds of the middlo and upper classes congregated on board the flagship to spend tbo Anniversary liny in Ibo most approved fashion. The weather was nil that could bo desired for pleasure-seekers, and was ex- ceedingly suitable for the rowing matches and tho sailing matches for small boats ; but thoro was not sufficient wind for tho larger yachts. A light brcezo from tho north-east prevailed during tho greater part of the day, but toward evening it fell off, and shifted to the southward and oast wnid. That noble specimen of the shipbuilder's art the Sobraon (Captain Elmslie) did duty as fligsbip, and a more suitable vessel for the purpose it would be difficult to find. She was moored off the Circular Quay, hardly far enough out, as she swung too close to the eastern shore of Dawes's Point. Little inconvenienco, however, was experienced by this. Awnings were stretched foro and aft, refreshments in abundance wcro provided, and the comfort and convenience of visitors were consulted in every possible way. The band of tho 60th Regiment was on board, and varied tho enter- tainment by somo excollcnt music. As might bo imaginod, there was a brilliant nsEemblngo on board, and every body appenred to bo delighted with tho noble propor- tions of the ship, tbo arrangements, and the racing. His ] Excellency the Üoveinor, attended by Captain Boresford, A.D.C., and Mr. Toulmin, carno on board at noon, and was received with the usual salute, tho band pluying the National Anthem. At 1 o'clock the committee took luncheon together in the saloon, his Excellency the Governor being a guest. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. C. Burt, Lord Bclmoro being on his right and tbo Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Samuel, on his left. Tho vice-chair was occupied by Mr. R. Driver, M L.A. Tho luncheon was served in tho best style, and the viands and wines were of tbo choicest description. Hat ing discussed the delicacies on tbo Inble, Tho Chaiiiman rose, and in a few well-chosen terms, proposed " The Queen." Tbo toaBt was right loyally received. The Chaiiiman then proposed the health of " H. R. H. tbo Princo of Wales, and tho rest of the Royal Family." 1 In proposing this tonst tbo chairman took occasion to remark upon tho patronage which the Prince of WaleB was always ready to givo to yachting, boating, and other manly sports ; and to tho gratification experienced by tho colonists at tbo recent visit of his brother tho Duke of Edinburgh. Tho toast was enthusiastically received, and additional cheers wcro given for H.R.n. the Duko of Edinburgh. Tho CiiAUtMAN next proposed tho health of Lord Bel- more This was not tho first Anniversary Regatta at which his Excellency had boen presont. Ho (tho Chair- man) did not know how far Lord Belmore might bo inte- rested in these aquatic sports, but he felt certain that his Excellency would bo gratified at meeting such a largo asEcmblngo of the citizens, and would express bia pleasuro at tho good programme and the excellent sport. His Ex- cellency had become patron of the regatta to-day, and ho iolt certain that the committeo would gladly wolcomo him again this day twelve months. Tbo toast was received with all the honours. Lord Belmoub begged to return his best thanks for tho kind manner in which tho toast of his health had boen pro- posed and recoived. Ho th inked them for drinking tho toast of his health, not only as her Majesty's representative, but as their guest in his private oipacity. It was just twelve months ago that ho had tho honour of making his, first speech in the colony on on occasion similar to tho pre- sent. Slnco that it hnd been his lot to make a good tuny speccho», and wherever ho had gone ho had beon received with the Bamo warmth and cordiality, and tho samo loyalty to her Majesty who had entrusted him with tho high honour of representing her in this colony. Ho hid not tnken nny nctivo'part in yachting pursuits himselfybut ho had been in the way of hearing about them. Both his father and his grandfather wero yachtsmen, nnd the latter, ho believed, hnd tbe first yaoht that visitod tho Mediter- ranean. Ho (Lord Bolmore) took groat interest in every- thing of this kind, und ho congratulated thom upon the voi y successful yacht club they had in Sjdnoy. Ho would not I rouble thein with n long Bpeech, but ngain thank thom for the kind manner in which they had received his name. (Cheers.) Mr. Samuel said ho had beon entrusted with a toast which ho felt might have beon confided to more suitable hands ; for although ho was not unaccustomed to public (peaking, ho was not accustomed to speak upon occasions like the present. The toast ho had to propose was " The day wo celebrate." (Cheers.) To him this was an ocoi sion of great interest, for although ho was not a native of the country, ho had been here sinco his childhood, and had therefore grown up with the colony. Not only so, but ho had become the father of a number of young Australians who bound him with indissolublo ties to the land of their birth. (Applauso.) To-day wo celebrate the oighty-first onuivcisury ,of our existence as a colony. In this period, scarcely moro than tho ordinary lifo of a man, thoy had seen tho colony grow up into a groat nation, having tho hopes, aspirations, nnd instincts of the mother country, and ' as Britons, or descendants of Britons, ho thought thoycould not celebrate tho day better than by engaging in or witness- ing these old British sports and pastimes. (Cheers.) Wo had heard a great deal of tho destitution which was said to prevail among tho great masses of the people, but when ho looked at tho company on board this ship, the flotilla of boats on tho harbour and tho thousands of well-dressed -and ovidently Well-to-do people, who now congregated upon nil tho points where a view of the harbour could bo obtained, ho saw evidence of nn amount of prosperity which muBt bo gratifying to ovory well-wisher > of tho colony. With theso remarks ho had much pleasure in giving " the day wo celebrate." Tho sentiment was very wnrmly received. Mr. Dhiveii said ho felt it was hardly neeosäiry to respond to tho toast which had beon so eloquently pro Eosed by Mr. Samuel. The hon, gentlomon's speech was, ovvover, so short that one would havo imagined he was afraid of a " como out." (A laugh.) But ho was to bo commended for his brovity, ns tab was not tho placo for long speeches, seeing that some of the gentlomen around bim v, ero officials, and had duties to attend to upon the water. Por himself ho could boast of being a native of tho colony, and the offspring of parents who wera both natives. Ho felt that thoy could not do better than celo biato tho day by encouraging theso good old English sports ; for the moro we fostered among 'tho young men of tho colony a lovo for open air, manly sparts, tho -better - it -would bo for them ns a jeoplo. Ho hoped that this colony might long remain connooted uilh and attached to the British Throne-(applause)-and as tho vcars rolled round, and tho colony advanced in population, intelligence, nnd material prosperity wo should become moie nnd moro attached to tho grand old country that planted such a vigorous offshoot in this land of the sunny South. (Cheers). The CHAIRMAN proposed the health of Captain Elmslie and his officers. The chairman remarked upon the kind- ness of Captain Elmslie in putting his magmiicent ship, the Sobraon, at the disposal of the committee as a flagship, his courtesy in consulting in every possible way the wishes of the committee, even to providing a steam launch to convey them to any part of the harbour, and in doing all in his power to contribute to the comfort and convenience of the visitors. The toast wss very cordially received. Captain Emslie suitably acknowledged the compliment, and expressed his pleasure at being able to assist in anyway to celebrate the anniversary of the colony. He hoped it would be his good fortune to be in the Sydney trade for some years, to come ; and he should always be happy to assist the comittee in every way he could. (Cheers.) The Ciiaiuman proposed' the health of " Lady Belmore nnd the Ladies of tho Colony." In all classes of society ladies were regoróed with the utmost respect and, he hoped, veneration ; and his (the chairman's) chief regret was that theie wcie no ladies nt the table to-day. The sentiment was very warmly received. Mr. Buti.eu returned thanks. His slav in tho colony had been so shoit that ho had not had the opportunity of making the acquaintance of many ladies, but tho society of those whom ho had had fho good fortune! to meet had boon exceedingly ngieenble. (Laughter.) 'Ho returned them his best thanks for tho manner in which the sentiment had been received. Mr. Ai.GAit proposed, in appropriate terms, tho *' Health of the Chairman and of the Committee." Mr. BuiiT suitably acknowledged tho compliment. With regard to tho racing, as a detailed account is givon below, vvo need not cnlargo at any length hore. In tho Champion lace, both the Champion and ex- Champion had to lower f heir colours toa comparatively nsw man (Dunnett), who hitherto has confined his attention to smaller matters than Champion races. Tho samo sculler, also won, with ridiculous case, the Handicap race. In the second-class yacht race, Nereid, giving timo to everything except Peri, won her race easily ; but Australian, in tho third-class yacht race, found tho timo too much to givo, and had, theiefore, to bo content with second place, Josephine being the winner. The first class yacht race was not finished ; and it will piobnbly bo sailed over again, Tho ai-rango ments were nil flint could bo desired. Mr. 8. C. Burt acted as umpire nnd starter of tho yachts, Mr. R. Driver nB Btnrtcr ; nnd the duties of bath wore satisfactorily per- formed. With fheso romnrks, we proceed to give a moro detailed account of the racing. First Race.-For all youths under sixteen years of ago, pulling a pair, of sculls, indingiesnot exceeding twolvo foot on tho keel Courso-rrom flagship round Fort" Don son nnd back to flagship Tirst prize, £5, Bocond, £2, Balmain-Green, James Hughes .. ., .. 1 111 lrj - Bluoand whito JameB HiycB . 2 Novice- Red, Charles Lyons .. .. 3 Spj-White, Robert Brown A^cr> good start was effected As soon as ho could gol deni, Hughes went to tho front, kept a stiaight cou so, was no\er caught, and won easily Inoro was a good r ico between the second, third, and fourth boals, resulting in favour of Hayes being second and Lyons third Second Race -ror all gentlemen amateurs, pulling a pan of sculls in light skiffs, to bo handicap! ed Course 1 rom Dawes Point round Tort Denison anl ship Vernon, nnd b ick to the flagship Pri/e, value £10 Stella, 15 lbs-White with blu« cross, P 0 Sulivan . 1 The Barb 10 lbs-White with red sash, J Harrison.. 2 Elvira, 25lbs -"V\hito, 1 E Willis .. ..3 Star, 40 lbs -While, D Garvín Adelphi, 20 lbs -Whito tawnoy and blu« Bash, C II 1 it/bardmgo Mr Driver was again successful m getting tho boats into a good lino btforo ho let them go 1 il/hardmgo was the first to show prominent!} in the raco, and next, m point of position was Harrison, but Garven, as soon as ho got fairly away, appeared to be going so stiaight and woll, that thero were öfters to back him nt even money against the fleet Beforo they reached Port DentBon they had tailed off con siderablj, and O Sullivan had obtumed first position Having rounded tho island, O Sullivan went on with a strong lead tovtnrds the Vernon, and as ho roundod tho ship it was ovident that, barring accident, tho raco was ovc linn ison wits second, and Willis lb rd, and these positions wero maintained lo tho finish, O Sullivan winning easily bj man) lengths Third Race -ror all bona fide pulling dingies, without fins, not exceeding fifteen feet over all, under canvas Course-rrom their own mooringa in La-\cnder Bay round Goat Island, then round Garden Island thon round flugBhip and Tort Donison, and back to flacrahip 1 irst pn/e, £7 , second, £2 Entrance, 10s Od IimAVbifller-Red, G llolmos .. ..1 rijing Scud-Pink and whito, E Williams . . * Die Duke-Red with whito star, A Whitton . * Alice-White with red cros=, G Holmes ibo Barb-Bluo with white cross, W J M'Niel Ibo representatives of tho mosquito flcot includod nil tbo cracks and a very exciting Btrugglo took place Tim V hillier, rijmg Scud, and tho Duke, kept close togother to the finish lim earned off first prlzo Flying Soud and the Duko making a dead heat for second monoy Fourth Race -lo start athalf-nast 11 -rorall bona fldo sailing skiffs, with either fins or fixed centreboards, n"t exceeding twenty two feet o\erall Course-Prom their own moorings in Lavender Bay round Fort Donison, thon round flagship and Shark Island, and back to flagship lirstpn/c, £10, second, £3 Entrance, £1 Is Curlew-Blue and white, O S Evans 1 Susie-Dark blue with whito star, M Dunn . 2 Katie-Red, white, and blue, II Woolnough ruendship-Red, white, and blue, A V \enable3 Desdemona-A\ hite, Connor and Donnelly Desdemona took a strong lead at tbo start, and was first round Tort Denison, but beforo passing tho point ef the island Susie drew on her and took her wind, squaresails wcro set, and the pair led up to tho red buoy with Ivato and Curlew m close attendance Ibo latter soon altered tho position of affiírs, and took the load, maintaining it to the finish, Susie second, Desdemona third Pifth Race -For all j achts Course-Trom their own moorings in Tarni Co\ e round fl igship, then round light vcfsel and Sow and Pigs, back round flagship, then round boat moored off Long Reef, and back to tho flagship Prize jEoO Entrance, £3 3s \ariffi, 34 tons-Bluo with red and whito Maltose cross, C Parburj Mistial, 35 tons-Bluo and white with whito stir, H, C Dongnr Great interest was taken in tho match botwoen those cracks, and both had a host of admirers On the two preuous occasions on which they met, XanfTa proved the \ictor, but under circumstances that loft tho merits of the rivals os open a question as if they had never sailed together At tho signal lo start head sails wero set siraullaneoush, but Xnriffa with her well known immenso gnfftopsail aloft, was quickest away, and was a few yards ahead of Mistral as thoy pished Tort Macquarto with a light N E breeze Beforo reaching the flagship M'strnl drew up on Xanffa's weather quarter, and out nor out in rounding the Sobraon. Et cry thing was now braced sharp up end they stood m towards tho North fehoro ferry and then about on the port tack Mistral tacked as soon as she could weather Kinbilh and went into Neutral Baj \nnffa mado a long leg and was in stays off tho Chan , Loth mado short boards and then stretched awaj for Shark Island After passing it Mistral worked the eastern shore m short tacks, ".aiiffa making long ones Mistral rounded the lightship neorlj 2J minutes ahead, lum at uut-U Euujiuiupeuu mm uiwiuuujiu-.i. oiiuuui «mau was ndop'ed on board tho " 'Rifa." The latter gained slightly on the run up, and aB they passed tho flagship the second time, thoro was only 2 minutes 5 seconds différence between them. Nothing worthy of noto occurred in beat it" down, except that Mistral increased her lead to about 4 minutes beforo passing North Head. Tho breeze seemed to dio away as they got into blue water, and when off Manly Xariti'a seemed to give up tho contest; Mistral was then a long way ahoid, but" it would appear that her crew also deemed it impossible to finish tho race before dark. It was after dark ero 6ho entered tho neads with a boat-apparently the flagboat ficm Long Reef- in tow. Wo presumo that, under theso ciieumstanccs, the raco mil havo to bo run again. Sixth Race.-For nil second-class yachts, to be handi rfljped. Couree- from their own moorings in Farm Covo round flagship, then ronnd Shark Island, back round fiog .-hip, then round red buoy off Manly Beach, bick round flagship, then round light-vessel and Sow and Pigs, and Lack to flagship. First prize, £30 ; second, £10. Entrance, £2 2s. Nereid, 12 tons, scratch-A. Fairfax and F. Lassetter -Whito with red cross .. .. .. 1 '1 ho Pert, 15 tons, 7 minutes-I. J. J oaophson-Blue wi'h white star .. .. .. ..2 Peri, l8 tons, scratch-J. Cooper-White wita blue border and red Malteso cross .. .. .. 3 Vivandière, 11 tons, M minutes-A. Oliver-Scarlet and black Mischief, 11 tons, 15 minutes-F. J. Jackson-Blue with whito croBS. This race, like the previous one, started from Farm Covo at 12 o'clock. Tho start was very equal, all fivo yachts getting away close together, and keeping so to the flagship, but as soon as they hauled on a wind Nereid and Peri showed their heels to tho rest of the fleet and worked tho northern shore, while the othors stood over to Farm Cove. Nereid wob first round Shark Island by more than a minute, and set an example of how to spread kites as she ran up tho harbour under jib, mainsail, square-headed gaff topsail, squaresail, and rafieo. Peri, similarly clothed, was second; Vivandière, with an immenso balloon jib and jib. , topsail, keeping third for a short; distance, was overhauled .and passed by Mischief boforo they got to Garden Island ; Pert lost, but improving her position. Tho flag- ship was rounded in the following order : H. M. s. 'Nereid at. 1 0 45 Peri ;.1 3 0 . 1 Mischief. 1 4 30 Pert . 1 5 0 ! Viviandiero., 1 5 0 ' In working down barbour tho second time tho Nereid's | skipper again showed good sonso by koeping tho north shoie, and was off Cremorno on the port tack when Peri was in stays near Garden Island, with Pert holding a good wind, leaving Mischief and Vivandière ovary stretch. Nereid displayed wonderful qualities ia working down to Manly, and rounded tho boat thoro about sine minutes ahead" of Peri, the latter nearly two minutes beforo Pert, Mischief and Vivandière a good way astern. Square3ails mid îafl'ees were again tho order of tho day, and they carno up the harbour in lino stylo without any change of position. The time of rounding tho flagship was it. m. s. Ncrcidat. 3 19 55 Peri. 3 24 58 Peit. 3 2G 50 Mischief.. 3 34 49 Tho Nereid had now tho raco well in hand, being moro than her handicap penalty ahead of all tho others, and she rounded the lightship just 12 minutes ahead of Peri, and 12 minutes'10 seconds beforo Port. Tho two latter carno" into collision off Shark Point, as they wero standing down, Peri carrying away her preventer bobstay and Port losing n leof-caring. In tho wincing stretch very light breezes prevailed, nnd at times thero was littlo moro than steorage wny on the three last yachts. They passed tho flagship it. M. s. Nereid winner at . 5 5 15 Peri. 6 28 37 Pert. ß 30 41 Mischief. 5 54 0 Tho Nereid's performances, yesterday, and in tho race for the squadron prize, leave not a shadow of doubt that she is the fastest second-class yacht in Port Jackson. Seventh Race.-For all third-closB yachts, to bo handi- capped. Com se-From their own mooringa in Farm Cove round flagship, round light-vossel and Sow and Pigs, lound flagship, back round light-vessel and Sow and Pigs and back to the flagship. Prize, £15. Entrance, £1 Is. Josephine, 16 minutes-C. Bell-Blue with*whito 'cross 1 Australian, scratch-J. Graham-Dark blue.. " ..2 Torment, 21 minutes-E. Howoll-Bluo with whito star 3 Daisy, l8 minutes-J. L. Adams-Bluo Maid of Australia, 23 minutes-A. and J. Donaldson -Whito When tho flag foil Torment went off with tho lead, with ^Daisy close under her lee ; Australian and Josephino eloso bchjnd. After rounding tho flagship, Joséphine aud Aus- tralian tcok tho leading positions ; the former holding her own until they went about off Shaik Island, in fact, at this early Btoge ot tho raco it was quito apparent that the race was entirely between tbeso two. , After passing Biadky'f, Australian gained considerably on Josephine, tbo others falling further astern every board-Maid of Australia bringing up tho rear. In returning to the flag- ship Australian was off Garden Island when Josephine pnsscd Brndley'e, and Toiment and Daisy wero abreast of AVatson's Bay. Tho Josephino improved ber chances in work'ng down next time, and was only 7¡minulos 50 sccondB astern of Australian when they rounded tho Light- ship-others baicly in sight. It was quito evident to tho I Australian's ciew that they could not gain sufliciontly upon Josephine during the remainder of tho raco" to mako up for tho heavy penalty which the handicappers had in- flicted upon her, and her squaresail was not brought into I furtheruno, Josephine's was set off Lang's Point; and ! as eho finished the courso only fl minutcs|I5 soco ids after Australian, sho became entitled to first prize by t mo allowance. Eighth Race-Champion race, open to all comn-s, pulling n pair of sculls in outriggers Course-F rom flagship round Goat Island, thon round Fort Denison, ant! back to flngshtp Tirst pn/o, £ lo ¡stranger- White willi bluo, J Dunncll .. .. 1 Slnr of Australia- w hilo with blue star, R Green .. 2 Tho Star-Green, W Hickey This raco was regarded as a. certainty foi Hickey, but tho fates decreed otlicmisc The thiec got away upon equal terms, nnd so continued for somo diBtanto R Green touched tho ehoro nt Goat Islinc1 and so BTiouslv damngod his chance, Dunnett gradually went to tho front and hav ing obtained tho load held it to tho finish Hickey was second when thev passed the ship flic second timo, on their woy to Fort Denison, but Green overhauled him and defeated him foi second place. Ninth Race -ror all open boats not exceeding twenty two feet overall, under canvas. Courso-from their own moorings in Lavender Bay round Tort Denison, round HagBhip, then lound light-vessel and Sow and Pigs, and back to the flagship Tirst pn/e, £12, second, £5. En- trance, £1 Ib Ixion-Light blue, T Brown . .. ..1 Bronzewing-Red, whito and blue, H Woolnough .. 2 loam-Red, J W T Wilshno .. .. ..3 Jnrrcnu\e, Purple, J Dean Tor somo time after starling, this race lay between Ixion and Bron/ov, ing, 1 oom not being able to go the pace, and Joricau\c nevei having fho ghost of a chanco Bronzewing nfter lcndirg for a timo was passed off Tarni Covo by Ixion ni vorkmg down tho hnibour. The latter wos novci nffcrwnids appronched by nny of the others, nnd won with eifeht minutes to spare, Toam about the samo timo nstoin of Bronzewing Tenth Race- Tor all amateurs that have nover started in nnj race, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Courso -samo as ¡No. 2 First prize, £7, second, £3. Tarragon-Blue, G Pashloy..., 1 Stella-Whito, with blue cross, P. O'sullivan. 2 Albert-White, W Dowling. J Adelphi-Tawnoy and blue with letter A, C. H Fit? hardingo Volunteer-Pink, J Milham Victoria-While and blue, L Aletead ïhe Barb-White and pink, M. Dwyer Zoe- White, A Lovoly. This was an excellent raco fiom start to finish between Poshley and O'sullivan, the former winning by about a length Tho third boat finished considerably m the real. Lleventh Race -For nil amnteurs under twenty-one vearB of age, pulling a pair ot sculls in light skiffs. Courso-Eame as No 2 1 irst prue, £8, second £3. Tarragon-White, with blue cross, É Trickett .. 1 Albert-Bluo and white, G Morton .. ..2 I ho Barb-White, M Yates .. .. ..3 This was rather a tame affair. "Yatta gave up early in tho race, and afterwarf s Trickett had it all his own way Morton was allowed to keep within hailing distance, but Trickett could havo won tho race at any moment, and eventually ho won it very easily Twelfth Race-ror all mon pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs, to bo handicapped. Course-Samo as No. 8 First pri/o, £10 , second, £5 Stranger, 30 lbs -Whito and blue, J Dunnett .. I Tho Star 60 lbs -Green, W Hickey .. .. 2 The Barb, 20 lbs - Pink nnd white, 3 M'Leer Terragon, 40 lbs -White with blue star, R. Green Alliprt fpnthur-Ttlno T> Mulhall This race is very easily described. Almost immediately ni 1er tho start Dunnett went to the front, kept his lead to tho end, and won by almost any number of lengths. W. Hickey, after a good spurt with M'Leer, finished second, nnd Mulhall gavo up. Thirteenth Race.-For all bona-fido fishermen's boats, not exceeding twenty-two feet overall, ownod by fisher- men and used for fishing purposes, manned by not more than four hnnds; to pull or sail. Course-From their own moorings off tho Cove (to bo picked up at starting) round Fort Denison, then round flagship, then round Garden Island, back round Goat Island, and back to the flagship. Prize, £12. Hope-Blue, James Smith.. ., .. ., 1 Friendship-Red, George Sluimner. Namoi- White, John Smith. All tbreo got away together, and for some distauco Friendship appeared to be making tho most way. This bont (Friendship) was first round Fort Denison, and led back to tho flagship, but Hopo gradually crept up, and having passed her, both Namoi and Friendship gave up, leaving Hope to pull over and claim the stakes. This terminated tho programme. m 