TH H Y A N K T R AVEZLLER ', k3 ST' 0!RY. " And hat,' Soaid t," is pretty, near)y ,alt haI have to tell your 'ipee above words formed the peroration of a synopsis of several year%' travelling, commnicated to os by a follow passenger 'rore Hesingfor s o Socktoilat, as we leaned over the ofo o the good ship Viborg, and waithed the countless groups of tooky ist, crated wh i green foliege which arose on every sido rmt the smooth transparent se, N y auditor was 'a long, lean, wiry American, witi, a cold clear rye, and a look of lndoutiable firs nrs in every line of his pinched sallow toe, which gave him the aespect to quote from a pugnacious trieod of mine, " of a ren you would like to be ba it to back with In a row." '. al. stranger," remarked he, at the close of my narrative. "y her been about a bit, I reckon; but yu bain't seen much, and what's more, yan hain't done tuch neither My dignity wassomrwiatruffled by tnll:p'ain spoken oriticism, for r ptivately regarded myself as a cond bindbad, on she strenguhout'muderate acquaintance wi h the majority of the countries which ilgure on the touslt's visiting ist. l1oreever, my listener had hiniself provoked my communicativeness by a selres of searobing questions upon my personl history. from the colourof my grandta'iher's hair to tihi amount of porket roney allowed Lts at Rugby. Cone.'quently, there was perhaps a betne of acrimony In my cone as I replied: " I've done what I could; but of otorse everybody can t have as many adventures as you "W. you air about right thar? returned he tak ng my words literally; " I've seen a few thints in my time, I reckon; but, mark ye, It's 'cuse I ve looked about me, and fixed for doit' eomethin'whareverl went'stad o' trailit' about with my eyes shut and my hands In the pockets o' my pautey., 'like some fo ke. Now, I'll ter, y..u how yu hiritilsoeis travel; you just to er the rallway track right square from ono ig tWn to ano her and see opera-houses, and the thesyters, and the promenades, and stich Ike and u' course you meet a heap o' riff-rafF, and maybsp get yure eye teeth drawn a irstle tot slick: and a'er devotn' three weeke or a momth to seei' a country with some m ion o' pe.ple in It, yu come bock mnd write a tatrnation big book to say, "that air country ain't no gren, pileo'' lunkirts aher ail; the critters thar air a i lazy and sif.less. and good for nothin' but to cheat and tell lies-and no wonderseelg they'reonly cussed furriners and hain't got the inestimable blesain' of a fre British constitoo tion." That, now. stratger, ie concluded with the paternal superiority of a missionary instretmtg a Hottentot, " thato the woy you go to work; but,yu observe, 'taitt't ithe right way. nohow yttbinfix it." " Atd low do lot go to work, then ?" anked I, wishing to di. vert the current of this flood ofextempors criticism. " Wai. I fixed to do somethin', and I done it leastways a man that's been a teamaterla the Rocky Mountains, a gol-digger in Australey, a sailor In the Injiu- Ocean. a ncoeeper at ahang hai, a newspaper editor in van Francikey, and at agent for one notion or onother in every country of Kurope, mout say he'd done msmett In', I guess, If ie had a mind to." " And have you really done all that 7" asked I somewhat start' led at the ca a ogue. "IHecken I lev; I've been kinder movim' round. ever sin I was as big as's molasseo-jar. and I ain't done yet. Guess I'm like debt Hrnwn's soul In the old song-1 ' go a-marchin' on pretty consid'rable; and It 11 take a while to tire MO of it t. W. And do yun always travel alone, then"" "tReckon I do; leastways, what y ud' call alone, IrV got a bosom-feietd here, though," added he. with a strange chuckI-, pulitig ,his hand Into his breast pocket; t'tOd hos done me more'n one good turn itt his time, so I tell 30 Yes, oir, he has that: and what's more, ie speaks or holds is tongue jetoas I plese, which ltet every man as 'ud do!"' And ai h title enigmatieal preface. he produced a sma I but very handsome reoiver, fittea . will a spring bayouet, and orna mented about tthe stock with eleven studBi of so ver, arranged in the form of a square, which would be eampletod by. the addition of a twelfit. "Ain t that a friend, now, stranger?" said the Transatlantic, exu tingly; And good flienda we've been him and me; I never mitrusied him but once, and that war down in Australey. when I war gold digglgup Turon wery. Two felowe cum to my tent one night, 'cans th hearn as I'd a heap 'o go d thor, and they thoght 'a belt so kitd as to relieve me o ths sponsibility's guardIn' i. I learu 'em creepin'. in, aud 'a course the nostthing did war to slap all six brrele to 'cm. jast o give 'em a hint not to dalI'a'er'visito' hours. I beam a Screech, and then a patini feet runtln' off; but It war .ew dark t Bea anythin', ad alt the reat 'o that eight my feelin' a'int to obe 'ao sid, no how..' "Ah, you:were afraid you had killed one of them, I suppose t" soidi I, pleased at thi sulitary touch of humanity. in my. grisly acquaintance srKilled? why.darnri tstrangerd'ye want to oisutmeo No, by Jingo I - I war'fald I dmistosed'one on 'em, and to hetr my re-volver miss at close range, a ter bsin' true to me for so many years, war mur n I could bear;' (The pathou with which he said this was indescribable) 'I I felt parti'cler cheap all that night so I tell ye, yu'mout het bought me for a cent any time 'Io a moon In.' ut as soon as it was light, Z cum out. and thar I seen one fe ler lyinr' dead by 'he tent door, and a track of blond whar tother had run off, jist like a stick s: Luolaees cross a buck- heatoake, and, sa t, Tank heaven I ye hit'em both,'' and the weightthat war nook off my mind at that air momeut-srnosger, ther ain't no deacibi'lit. The roal rervourof ble tona as be uttered the ,ast sentence, with all the air of a good man..whose conscience bar juet been wroleved (f some overwhelming burden,-cannot be conveyed:llere In words. il - ' ' , "1I dare say yud hardly guess, now stronger, that I flrt saw. this re-volver In a vision . but I did. though. stare as mtuch a ys like; and the wayta bippened was so: Fatherbad bis dead about: sa month, Whein I cum In late one night from fixia a rail, fetn that one of our axon had smashed. and after I'd st by the kitchen. fire a ape 1, and done a, ol'able stroke ofeupper, I began to fecl drowsy I warn't rot to .say Asleep. but if yu'd spoke to me )udden. Id have thought a mintuto 'fore I onswered-whea, at.to once, I seen father stanrin' right 'fore. one with his big. straw hat toone, side and his high boots aid- striped shirt asleevestant bihants In his pockets (that war the outy ghost. like thing 'bout him. for while he war. alive they war mostly In some' bne te's. and ho says to me: "y; my boy," [lbly name is Cyrus Jehosbaphat Flint, stranger, and I a't 'sttamed on ItI; "- y.,.my boy, I've cum ak iftm ite spirit war d to tell yu su'hin' yott'll p'rps- be none the wuse o'knowin' I didn't leave you much 'cause yu air oath to go 'long aiglo-handed, but them teo broihers and five sisters. of~ourn will kinder :need proppin' up smine 'forotheykin stand by themselves.--Now yu Just iisten to me. To-morrow morin' the very fust thing,'yu up andjob open the baks that old cup board Irt the corner, just 'bovetthe top sheif, and thar yu'll fand a re-volver, tthe boe yu ever ftgered. may Heaven bless It to yure use And now kueel down andt, reclv my biesa'. I was just glote to do It; whoe at t t once I slipped off any 'chair, and cum the all firedest lick with yt noe agin the fender an everl seen; and wlton Icum. to egin. thar Wan't nobody there. all,: conas I,, sny; T,.tthouuh, bat alerslanguage aint, quite proper foria nte aber ot ihechurch, I hope next time father comes ftom t'other world, lie t"con rive to do it at res 'able hour, stead a shewin'. up' a'er bedtime,end muin' his own flesnt and ulood brea is nose In this here faehin etut for all that, I didn't forget what, he said; anld fuet thing next mornin' I up and Into are kI.che,' and out tel h the back o'the cupboard, mad thar lay the revo ver, as sure as ever thing war In the world. -And now, stran'ger, ifvu don't betfeve that air story, here is the 'den.loat re-volver, and yi can't go again that nohow I" Agaito such cotnfi, matory evidence it would have been useless to argue; and I readily assented, enly venturing to inqu re ho mystery of the -ainrgularty- arranged studs, on the. stock of hepietot. * "al, stranger," returned my companion, " yu wouldn't guess the trick' them studole a hurray. so I lt tell yu, P B. h o' thim airstudvon that re-volver at sds for the life ofa man that him and te lae cleed off.' Thers rleven on 'eim altogether. and, I reckon that's a prti) to 'able straka 0' work forone man and one Usad as aTn to extraordiary cotfidencites this cool, compla cent statemnent fairy staggered me, for ,the moment. r66od Ht rvens I"' I gasped, " do you mean.to; tell. me. that you have murdered eleven rasn? " No, strantger;"' *repied'ha, slowety and sententiously: . yna her got Into tha wrong tetry-beat In makin .ihat air statement. , I mean to tell Yu that tse found It necessary, at different. pe-ri-ods o' my lire, to rubout eleven humn critiers whot mout otherwise hee offered the same elvility to me: and I calo' aie yu don't sell that murdering? - Thera one wantin' yet to complete the doren, as yu on; but," added he chseerfully, ethat won't be long a .olutg, I.uaa." " ools catilbal I" said I, mentally; "he 'talks of killing people as ifhe were only mol'eefitig photographs. Pray Heaven he usy not take i. Into lis head to addme to his museum I" . "''har'es one vantage I've got with this weepun," pursued the Yankee; I kini always tell at fust sight a' a man whether I'm a-gaintr to kil him 'eme day or not." " tow that?" ahead I, not without asecret shudder,anda slight anxiety a to which way the Scale had turned with regard to myoelf. " 1 aljest this way: wherever I meet a m- that I's bound to rub ou, bime by, the hammer o'- this re volver's sure to gin a sorter g itk-at-jest ro show that he known his dooty spotag that air ldict os : and be never makes msltakes,he don t." i The perfect air of conviction with which he oaid this. was tha reverse of agreeable ; and I could not he p reflecting: 1A pretty thing if this precious pltol should have itappened t click when ' saw rite irst, and lie Should think it necessary to vindicate Its infallibilityl" .tty couettanctprobatily expressed some dis quietute, for my cometpanion suddenly broke my meditations by obseroing it, at encouregini .tone! I I Yu bain't no call to be akeared, ,trat~ger.'he didn t otlick at ight olyu, and I'm kindar giad on.t. for yu re good kuonpny in yuro way, albhough yu air tar.aiion greet In the way, of the world." Ar this eseim te of my abtilries was evidently too deep'y rooted to adrmh; of reruttion I lot It patsr. merely esquiring whether the fat al eugury had ever prvd fatae. " Nevur, rtronger. her rplied emphatically. T u ean't 'epsot prtopheeo'to go wong.sand that ate weep as's a prop et, jest on mtuh e Dnt or Zek'i. 'I won't 'ay than I wouldn't hey bin glatd, on- rims te satch htim slfppin'-aud .reeoun goad, ew; but you mtout ostewll 'epeet Gen'tal Grant io he 'frald, as this wepun totel ade' and that one imne-what wasn lit"anked L - " Wal, seelt' lt'r n', strar~g'r, I don't mintd tellin', thocgh I ain't an preotos opry at taht' onr bhaa air subject, I swear . it's a g'md rw yeers now sln' I hallpened on a feler who hailed from .,a village , on tfhe ' inlst pl, 'called . hiurnt tlearin, cause 'of a ig firs they'u hed thor oce'ottn a time; sod we frase together powerful, and war jest lbseibrothtere' elit onse Whar. er one wen'tt oth':rwem t. wha'ever. or dld r'other did ; sod If this un had a dollar, that n1 ,war good fur fifty cents ot't, least thing., n~ awentdowtn river' to Noo Orleane, and up to Phita drlphy'by thes ears, anid eastard to aiharleston o atrading speo; ad ilceiryu, we teoned op the dotlare right smart. I oavod him rom bein' chawted up by a b'ar tatblooked p agoy lanigehur to make hble eloser 'qtualittece;. antd be acted me' ftsm beta' drdeonded in a fl'ood-time when my canonegot turned over agin a a rtag i af.d a iogether, strangtr, ye meat h.'r ink na ftcrtravid and .roiathtanecum altvo egiu. B ut altheswhile thar war one. to haglti In my otiud 'like a ruin' ooud In rammner, that spiles the lookso' the hull shy--and tat war the recollectien thtat my weepun, tut time lie ever seen this falter, hed gin a chic.'' .The old clear tone sf blevolce at thee lint teords. r-ightly tinged with sorrow, wass suot aa a compassionatesjudgesmigt noe when protoutcietg sottence of death and t ste igesmag on I dit wha wits tome) isithad a sound indeeilbabi dreary antd 'emitas; ' t used to try and laugh myse.f nutns' tai air fancy sayin': *Whatever's pos~lb e that ainti Why, to'thinko one quarreila' ud hr dke a motantiau'.himself in half, and llghtin' righit hatd ag i Lt tot let meo salk an f liked. the thon stuobk In my hood like a nai Itt a hew log, end couldn't go away. And an lint, argercr lbs time oem whes It were moron a thtoLt. ne yearr eatly rn tie fall.':we were down In Kantsas, tradis about in 'po, ttd muastn' a prtr'ty tot blehaul ti lone day' we greed to tote nit te 1rnifltandl makr a fair d vision, 'as next mornta' lie lar startin 'off to isurmt t eorintg to seo btis fo kr, and I tear booed to make trtteks for Dots on rams busines of my own. .Wh'ai, evanlog eumt, anti afher lidneritng up a spel1, to ils our grasins foe the ciphrelttg, wo b'gn tong up., tnt mshowt or antother tee , uidtt t comag to a rselen of 'our two sharer. noitow wo oldrn't lix It, and what with the liokar we bad, and the wocry yphrrittg, we both comtmenoed to got rathei eavagerotte, At laistiup hr juumpr, and bul era Ot:' 'd noat hew bran so thunder. leg esn uponu thl.a iour teade if I d known that roy pardner war ntothintg but a damoed mteeti flmt-etia'ing tief of. a Ymnkee l' At them words a siier ratn at throulh me like themselectrivfSins that booki,,rited tolks toll en, agnd my rigt, hantd flew eat as if somehody ateved, antd frtohrd him aiiloktweenntheseyss that broght him down like apine int's clearing.. tHis was silo, slar,- bigger a, me some way. and allbsh way sut as hard t and by igttwar a tuar pirasure knocking him dotes)up ha got, looking msighty wraihy,and ayrihe '*1ll1take ,aleatl burcnt powder to put away the snemll of that air b ow-come out at he forestThsun war astc.gand aver thing warbead till, as if watinug to see what, we'd do I folierod out readily nuff, for I war coal as an icicle, now I kuowod the job had got to come thotgh ;but when I seen the dying light alreaming down the shciaowy arches of the furrest, an the everlasting treees stuoning up fall nd grand, and whisposing with all their traves, as it God war speakio through themin idsown Tempie of Notature, by lov ing stronger, I cum very nigh feeling as ifI war, perhaps, doing " ol, that eellg dU.id . .s8 long, I reclio. The ust cluk or them ocks iwe'd ugreed to load only three barrels each to save timel the tust click of them oks war like the smell ofroust. meot to e starving man . sud when I toed my mark at fifteen paces. 1 felt pe comfortable as if I'd bin sitting before a big fire with a glass or whiskey in my had. We both cracked fr at once; I got a scratch on the left side, and a bit of his sleeve went flying just below the shou der. " Better uck next timeI" says 1;, and the secon . load went off, He aimed higher this time, and the pill skiff my hair. and knocked off my ath; but, jest in the Bame eno. ment, I seen him turn half round, and go ker chunk right en his face. I run in upon him like a tool, forgetting that he d go one shot left; and he bolsted hisself on his etby, and st s ap, Just fetching my thigh as I came on this hand were shaky. yu kuow, or he'd not he nads such a bad aht) ; but that war his lost card. and ebon I knowed I had him. O0e fller," says I, " ve kinderwot the hand this time thor ain't no dodging It. So afore you go under, hev yu any messidges to leave? . Wal," says be. " Thares a gel at Burnt Clearing that I war pretty bad on last fall-Kezia H arper, next door to the mea ing house-gues you must gin her thIs hyur locket, if taint outer yourew y " She a as goo as got it already;, says I. putting It in my pouch. " Thar'a a teller in the next vilago, Nathan Hickm n, that they used to call Straight- eye-I was to have sought him this fal, you tll him why I can't come, for no one didn't ouguter to tik I war afraid.' SIf the coon says a word againoyou," says!,, 40I'l grease my boots wi-h his liver. Is thar anything else 'y Wal.' says , a,' I guess that's about all." Good-bye, thenole feler," says I, " bles you." And with that I clapped my plstol to his head, and blew it as small as ern shucks, G Good Heaven,' said 1, revolted at the Cold-blooded butchery, could you have rotspared the man's life even then V' "Stranger," replied the old slaughterer, with I describable dignity, " ifyou want to find a critter so eussed mean as to hurt a man s feelina by sputing -him after he'd been wt.ipped In fair fight, I guess yu d better cum to Cyrus Jehoahaphat FlintI Now, then, I cculate we'd bent be looking after our ixins. for them' the epires of Stockholm shining youder.'. Ant en sea..In h. .red nun his h..o, ad -ansetd Iato th ca bi-O bun es Journal. - . I 