COUNTRY INTISLLIGENOE. LONGFORD. (From a Correspondent) ", pUrLIO BBADINQ. Our usual fortoightly roadinIg took place In Mrs. Nooke's largo Assembly Room, on Friday eveoning last, instead of Thursday as previously. It hoblo a beautiful evening and moonlight coupled with the knowledge of the assistance of soveral genlemoon from town, anod one from Melbuurne, theroom was quite full, many laving to staid.,Tho chair wae kindly taken by W. Dodery, Esq., who briefly opened the proceeodngs. -The following, was the programme being without an interval,-. Overture, The Longford and ; reoltation, " The Execution" hir. G-. C. Israel ; song, "Good Ily Sweetheart, good by ' Air. J. R. Ietts; recintlun "Little John," Master Bartont pianoforte. solo, Mirs Iarvoy dialogueoo, " Sylvester Doggerwoud" Messrs. Lilly, Israel, and Mason ; rending, " lHood's address to his son" Mr. WV. 'L'yson, ju ; pianoforte solo, Mr. C Henry rending, "'The Itovon" Mr I. A. Cleary ; song, " Wait for the turn of the tide," Mr G. C. ILrael; recitation, " Mary's Ghost," Mr. J. Lilly : overture, T'he Longford Band ; reading, trial scene, ' Barddll v Pickwick." The soveral characters were person ated as follows:-Judge, Mr. G Dodery: Inuruz, Mr. Barton; Sontobin, MIr. Harvey, Pickoiak, Mr. Sutton; Winkle, Mr. Lilly;:Perker, Mr.Marri sont Mr. Gralmn, Mr. Smith; Mr. Weller, senior, ,Mr, I. Noake; Mr. WaVllor, junior, Mr. Humphreys; Mrs, Elizaboth'Cluppins, Mr. Sienle. God savo the Queen, The Longford Band, The whole of the pieces were exeeddingly well given,' th reading of Dickens's eolebrated "ireach of Fronmie" with the hligh minded and intollgelnt jury, that wore on this occaaeon ampannoerd ona a pine form, calued much laughlter;. At the close the chairman called for a vote oathanks to thoer who lid taken pert, which woe very ulnonmonely awarded; lnd the chairmen lain thnkedl the Indlence for their very orderly hehaviour during the evening, which ho was reqneeted to do, ae at some previous roeadings there lhad been an at. tempt at dlturbannco. Thie sum taken for ad. million waes 3 1?a, . Our next reading is ex. peoted to take place on thie 20Dth instant. 