.: TAKING IN THE 'GREEN.' ? (As suugby Mr. P— it— s in his Entertainment, ' . 'Half an Hour of illusion.' Air—' Wearing of ilia Green.' Oh lf Jemmy dear, oray did you hear the mews that's going round ? '; ' ' T.wjll set your legal intellects a- wandering I'll .be bound. ; For Robertson, aud bold Macleay down to the House have been, , .' And put a final stopper . on my taking in the 'areen.' In the street I met old Betsey, and she took me 'by the -hand, Says she, ' How. goes our party now, and how do we stand ?' ? 'We're kicked from office,' I replied, 'not to return, I ween; Fo? they've been and put a settler on our taking in the ? green.' ' Chorus. 'Tis the most disgraceful shewing up we ever yet have seen, Good- bye to all our little schemes for taking in the 'green!' In vain my plans with skill I laid, and raised a precious row To bolster up our party, for the game 's exploded now ; The tale I at Kiama told I thought was all serene, And for a time succeeded well in taking in the 'green.' Bub woe is me ! the bubble much too speedily has burst ; To hoot me now the people are all rushing to be first ; 1 find it but a rotton prop upon my fame to lean ; Folks think each act another dodge for taking in the 'green.' Chorus. They've fixed on a committee to investigate the case ; The end, I fear, must certainly result in my disgrace : The witnesses were called, and each who has examined been Deposes that he thinks my game was taking in the 'green.' I would I were on Crusoe's isle, or some out landish shore Where stories of my 'Patent Ghost' would harass me no more ! No more I dare to show my face at any festive scene, Lest folks observe 'That's P. — his dodge is taking in the 'green.' ' Chorus. Alas! for fame and place and pay, they've vaa ished from my view, My little bills at sight again the countiy won't renew ! Macleay confronts me in the House with a con temptuous mien, And says 'I've spoilt your little scheme for taking in the ' green.' ' As down the street 1 sadly stroll, shopkeepers, grinning, stare, And mutter ' That 'ere covey isn't quite upon the square,' While dirty little Arabs dodge foot-passengers between, And yell ' You're sold this time, old P — k— s, at taking in the ' green '.' ' Chorm. —Punch, Jan. 16, 1869. Dipxhbria and Scarlatina.— Wo are sorry to learn that these illnesses still linger iu and around Yass. Several fresh cases hare occurred during the past eight days, and they appear to attack adults «s well m cbildres. 