THE SPIRITUALISTIC COMMISSION. / (Examiner and London Roviow.) The appCintmont of a commission to inquire into the habits and oustoms whioh obtnin in tho othor world is, oven in these times, a novolty. SC far as the results of tho inquiry havo boen published, wo do not loam Tory much that is now i but thoro nro Bcveral curious point3 in tho report which ore cer tainly worthy of nolico. Hitherto tlio anxious in quirer who would fain believe in spiritualism has ordinarily met with tho stumbling-block about tbo clotlios which spirits wear. A ghost walking about in a perpetual dress-coat provokes inquiries about tlio constitution and origin of tho shadowy garment. How- ovor, one lady informed tho sitting committco that sho had soon a naked spirit. Sho failed to dosoribo its appearnnco, although " tho figure wnB defined." Slid remarked, novortholess, that this rudo ghost" produced a noisolikc tho rustling of Bilk, from which wo aro lod to iufor that q spirit whioh walks about clad in sound is not audit a creature as a lady vrou|d enro accuraloiy to describe -- . Tho committee, our readers may not bo awaro; was' appointed by tho Dialectical Society, a small body 'which Das como into prominonco onco or twice of into. Tho first meeting of the committco was held lust week; and the statements made nt the meeting: aro detailed in thoEastorn Morning Post, whenco wo; cullthesofow pnrtieiiloi's. Tho first witness, wn nro: giron to understand, was a bnrristor, nnd therefore; likoiy to bo cnpablo of valuing evidence. Thoro was ' no vnguo hesitation about this gentleman's attitude ; boat ono pluugod into an arrangement of spiritual phonomenn, and procooded to describe tbo various groups. Ho was strong on tbo subject of " lovita- tionsj". and ovideneod the "lovilalion" of Mr Homo, wbon that ingonious person was oarriqd out of ono window in a house and put in at anothor. This is a form of amusement which might liavo sorious consequences! Wo "know that spirits aro im perfect .brings. Thoy" sometimes meet with difficulties in spelling. Thoy havo boen known to play, out of tuno ; . and they have produced pictures Buggcstivo of colour-blindness. Now, it is just possible that thoy might overestimate thoir strength in ongaging, to ' loritnto ' on ordinary stout medium, and be compel led to drop him midway into some back-garden. Tho barrister also referred to tbo "lovitations " of inani- mate objects, m which tbo spirits also doligbt. He had scon a piano in bis bouso raised horizontally off tlio ground, and kopt thoro for two or tbroo minu os. Other, observers have also described their, seeing a whole squaro of houses being whirled rapidly round, accompaniod by a peculiar manifestation on the part of the lamp-posts, by/whioh they, seemed to. be doubled in number .. Howorer, what invariabjy puzzles . us about "lovitations" is that the spirits should' so gratuitously throw away their power upon useless., experiment. Since . lifting a ton or.two is a matter of no moment to them,/ why should they not bo induced to give,us a. helping hand in tho affairs of life? Wo do not want our1 pianos suspended in tlio air,/ because/ they/might como; down suddenly, and with, disastrous results.; but. wo do want vohiplos drawn,' 'iind stones .carried', and scaffolding raised, and so 'forth.' /If," Tor' exaiiiplb; ' the contractors for tho building of the'iiew Law Courts could engage Mr Home to prevail/upon q band of willing spirits to as sist in that great undertaking, we should begin to for give tho spiritual : world itB sins in the way of bad grammar, imperfect music/ and blundering divina tion. '.'./This bqhd of workmen would need no ; food, would waste no; boiifs/, upon breakfast or dinner, would go without pay/'qnd never grumblo if com pelled, to work o vertime— m short, they would bo most invaluable servants, , if they coiild only be persuaded to' keep 'iii' good temper and play no pranks. Of course, tho other, workmen would have to' remain at a'rcspcctfal'disthhcb'; 'bccause;.if a cock happened to crow when n particular company of spirits were " levitating " a block of granite, q .catastrophe might occur. Wo commend this notion to/Mr Lowe;, /if ho insists upon the embankment site; he will need qU the cheapening aidhe can got. /' ! '/ ' . Some other phenomena mentioned . by the barrister are sufficiently singular. j "and/two ladies ypliinteered testimony, qs to his fidelity of. description.- . The bar rister (and the ladies, too, we presume)/." witnessed the olongation and. shortening.of Mr Hoinq'S;. person many timos.", Tbis does not soem to us a -spiritual manifestation/; ..bdf no matter.; " At MrS. O. Hall's, about . three. , nionths ago;. Mr Homo and Miss Bor- tolacci wero simultaneously elongated." ; It must bo comforting, when , one finds oneself being. 'slowly drawn out, liko a telescope, to know, that if the spirits /forgot to . rovorse the? process one will have a companion in that exalted and unfortunate state. Giants oxhibit. best . in: pairs." ' The barrister./thon mentioned instances of persons having, uninjured, takon, liberties ,vyith fire. A metal bell, . heated to redness, was placed in a lady's hand without causing pain. . Lord Adore hold. in. his palm a livo eoal., Mr Homo put his head into flames, and the flames ran through his hair, without his receiving nny injury. In the days of tho mirnele-piays, Mr Homo would have been ihvaluablo in tho character, of Sliadrach, Moshceli, or A bednogo ; tbo : remaining two figures oould have been, represented by.dummies previously placed insido tbo oven. ".Tho:Hon.. Mrs: Hr " now took up tlio wondrous --tale, and described tlio events of a certain Sunday ovening at hor house. Sbo and hor companions wero seated ill a room -" which would haverboen'darb but for tbo moonlight." First, there came a- rap at tho window ; - then a figure' appeared-; and/finally, flguros camo trooping in by dozen9.: Tbo first offcct of this "spiritual visitation' -was that tlie atmbsphore grew- wondo'rfully -cold, whioh 'is a.sug-/ gestion that tho spirits had- not come from below./ Tlio spirits did littlo boyoud glare with bright oyes;' Howovor, one of the company mode a witty remark, and all the spirits laughefi with joy. This is a grati- fyiug, discovery.! ' ''If our /future fate is to be con- , i domnod" ignomihously-tb' play accordions and scroll ; Jrinmes. on popor for' tlio. benefit of a numbor of : 1 elderly ladies; one feels glad that there is bIbo a pro- ! jspoct of onrr retaining tho capacity." for" laughter, i 'With bright eyes wo shall still be ablo to road our : /favourite humorists,- and with vocal organs wo shall ; ; still be able to . express our doliglit.. But it was tlie j jsamo lady:. who doriarod tlmt tlio .spirits wont about I ! even less clad than tlio young iadics of a transforma- tion sconb V/and -this prospect is somewhat calculated to damp bur anticipations. " SohrecMichos Ge- Isioht!" cries Faust, tlio first; timo ho sees a ghost; jnnd if it is p'ormitted to. spirits that they may wander ;overywhbfo, inoluding oven into my laily'b chamber, lit is to bo hoped tliat . tbo property-master will lienco- \- forth not allow, tliem to go out without thoir togas and kilts. ! HuMbLkPiE.-Punpli Iiob a cavtbqh;by Tenniel /representing an/unmistakenble. Yankee, present ;ing a large pie, partly, covered . witli ... a; olptii , marked : " Claim, fiOfl.OOfl.OfiOl./.ito, tlio United ; States' . representative at St. James's ; John Bull's broad back 6eon ill the distance. .-.Says Jonathan /(as interpreted by Mr Sumner), "-Wail, 'Reverdy! /Guess this lot ill about du" for yonr frienfi John /Bull tliar." - sTo' wliicii - Mr Re/yordy; Johnson re-. plios— " Ha ! I'vb -dined with ' him a/ gooff, deal lately, and lie won't eat tliat, ,T promise yon," — London Punch. ',/",, Tho oxamplb of Mr G. Peabody hits boon followed by Mr A. T. Stowart, of New York, who has given- 0,000,000 dols. for charitable purpos'os. Tho bulk of tlio money is to bo .exponded in building two. largo hotels, ono for single working young women and tho /other for single working young men. 