HOW" "WE DISCOVERED THE NEW| ROAD TO IRON BARK. (To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser.) Sir,-I left off yesterday at the Albert Hotel. Heart-sick aud despairing, but still determined to find the new Borough Council road or die, we dove-yes, dove ; I maintain that to be grammati cally right-down the Albert passage, and so to Harney's bridge. "One more chance," says Jack, "and one more shilling." "The new road to Iraubark?" said an obliging gentleman at the bar of tbe Bendigo,-" Ob, no, you get no beer here my men, you must be hopelessly intoxicated to ask such a question." " I declare," said he to himself, soliloquising as it were, "to be pestered day and night about a road which is not, never was, and never will be, drives me mad," said he, with a thump on tbe counter. " What, not know the road and close to your door," says I? "A road by the gaol ? " " Ob, you know your way to the gaol without me," says he. " Not know the road to Latham and Watson's, and all the swells on the hill?" laid Jack. (Low again.) "Not I," says he. About this time my hair began to stand on end. I assure you, air, we were both staggering when we left the house at last. How ever, we were determined upon our doom, and we faced it like men. Hour after hour we sought for the road, and sought it in vain. Somehow, we were in a charmed circle, and could not get out of it. We kept making fresh casts, but it was still Bendigo Hotel, Albert, Niagara, and Freemasons over and over again. It was now pitch dark. "This won't do, Jack," says I; "there's snug lying by the willows and no rate-collector there. Let us coil ourselves away till morning," and so we did. We did not sleep till late, however; the desperate venture on which we were engaged will account for that, and it was fully nine in the morning before we woke to a sense of our situa tion. Then after one wistful look at the Sand hurst Serpentine (but what gentleman would drown himself in such a muddy ditch as thit?), and one farewell glancr: to old Bendigo, we shook hands and rushed upon our fate. " What's that?" said Jack, trembling with terror. " That," says I, " a wheelbarrow track on the hill side." "No, no,': whispered Jack-"the road 1 tbe road ! " " Not it," says I, " it runs to the cemetery." "Does it," says Jack, "I says it runs to . - ," (but here I had sufficient presence of mind to clap my hand on his mouth.) Anyhow, with cautious ste;ig up the track we went, the curve curved, and it was clear that it I meant something and led somewhere ; but not a wheel-track, nor a foot-mark, nor a sound J or vestige of a dog or even goat, or sign of civilization, except the well-remembered municipal boulders on the track aud the griin turrets of the gaol now lowering over us at our left, at eight of which Jack's spirits instantly revived; poor fellow, I suppose that in our desolation the gaol looked like a home to him. Well, still wonder ing what might happen, und how our perilous journey would end, we went on climbing pain fully. "Stop;" said Jack, in a hurried whisper, "The ghosts -the ghosts!'' Poor fellow, any body would have thought he had been drinking the night before. But I looked, and in the old gully on the left I saw what seemed to me two ghostly elevens in pale uniform gammoning at playing cricket; the only thing that puzzled m» rca?, after watohing somo timo, thut they dls» pensed with the lazy absurdity of overs, which no genuine cricketer would ever have done. We were down in a moment on our bands and knees, and crawled as near as we dared, to have a closer look. "Bab!" cried Jack, springing to hi? feet, "They're Jags.1'- And so they were; not gam moning to play cricket, but gammoning at work. Upon this we got up, and shook hands again and laughed ; there was hope for us still we both felt. So on we went, and now with some feeling of confidence that the road went somewhere, aud that we should come back again. " Wh*t! roofs in the distance, and now houses 1 Well, I'm blowed," puffed Jack, as we crowned the iise, "If this here road don't lead to the work'us (so he irreverently styled the Benevolent Asylum) ; L500 for a short cut to the work'us, and men to be sold up to help to pay.for it!'' There was no need to go further; we had spent money, risked our lives and our sanity to solve the dread mystery of the new road to the " work'us." Others may have found the road ; but it is well known to the police that none before us eve:- camebacii. Over their fate let the tear of sympathy be dropped (poetry again) ; hut surely we who have achieved this crowning triumph of exploration, who have demonstrated that there actually is a road, and that it may, by the intel ligent and adventurous who want a short cut to the gaol or " work'us," be found out and traversed (but to those unaccustomed to the bush, I decidedly recommend a pocket-compass, a pair of blankets, a stock of rations and a toothbrush). Surely we are entitled to the consideration of the rateable citizens of Sandhurst, aud any subscrip tions forwarded to you, sir, for our benefit will be thankfully received by Yours truly, PLAIN BILL. 