MAITLAND. James, by the Grace of God and of the Apostolic See, Bishop ojf Maitland, to '? the Catholic Clekgy and Laity of thb Diocese of Maitland. DfiABt-Y Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ — The Catholic Church, ever mindful of the id ? Spired words uttered by the Blessed Virgin, *'For behold all generations shall call me blessed,' has in all ages and countries called on her children to honour, venerate, and extol her Whom the Eternal Father predestined from the beginning to become the Mother of His Eternal Son, and on whom His boundless liberality be stowed extraordinary gifts, in order to fit her for the unspeakable dignity and noble calling for which He had chosen her. He preserved, her from every, even the smallest, taint of sin. He , exempted her from the general doom pronounced against all the children of Adam. She was con Reived and born without contracting that debt which every other, except her Divine Son, must contract on being born of woman. In the years Of her infancy, her Heavenly Father watched bver her with a protecting care, and preserved ? her from every danger that could in the slightest degree impair the perfect purity of h jr soul. Not even a thought was allowed to enter her mind which could disturb it, nor an idoa to cross her imagination that could defile it. Her senses Were kept in most perfect subjection to the Spirit, so that she grew up without any know ledge of sin, or any experience of its remorse. At a very early age her pious and holy parents presented their Child of Benediction at the threshold of the Temple to the High Priest, and entrusted to his charge their beloved daughter, a sa-;red deposit to be offered as a perpetual holocaust to the service of God. And who, my Brethren, can express the piety of that noble child in abandoning home, country, and friends, and consecrating herself solely and entirely to her Divine Master, when on being admitted into the interior of the Temple, she accomplished the great sacrifice of herself ? And yet, my Dear Brethren, what had the Blessed Virgin to fear from residing in her Father's house? Would not her holy parents have watched over her with the tenderest care and solicitude ? Would they hot have set her the noblest example of the most fierfect and heroic virtues ? True ; but the beloved handmaid of the Most High could Scarcely tread the earth with a firm foot When she preferred the House of God to her lather's house. She allowed neither tenderness bf age, weakness of body, nor affection of parents, to withhold her when at an early age she was in spired to give herself to God. All that retarded her sacrifice, afflicted her soul. She would willingly have made it on the day of her birth, had nob her piety, her love of God, her reason Which prevented her years, pointed out to her that she was to follow the order of nature and ?be subservient to its laws. Every day, every hour, appeared ages to her in the desire she had to see herself solemnly dedicated to the service tot her Creator. After so perfect and admirable An example, who will blame those Holy Virgins Who, mindful of the words of our Divius lie deetner, 'Be ye perfect as your Heavenly Father is perfect, ' make ifc their study to copy the virtues and walk in the footsteps of His Immaculate Mother ; and flying the world, its vanities and pomps, and looking forward to the great rewara ana recompense reserved ior laem in Heaven, abandon all things, and devote their whole being, their lives, their labours, and all their faculties to the service of God, in order that He, and He alone, may be their portion for ever. The Blessed Virgin, on that solemn Ocoasion, broke the tender ties which attached her to her parents ; for the future God is to take their place in her regard : she renounced all Worldly goods, and secluded herself completely from all earthly cares and engagements. This hoble Virgin on entering the Temple, according to the general opinion of the Fathers of the Church, made a solemn vow by which she con Becrated herself irrevocably to God and secured the approbation and blessing of Heaven, and ex oited the admiration of the Angelic choirs, who in Heavenly strains cried out, ' Who is she that Cometh up from the desert, flowing with de lights, leaning upon her beloved.' But by that Vow which seemed to preclude her for ever from iaaternal responsibility, the great Virgin raised herself to the closest ties that could possibly ex ist between the Creator and creature, and as it were, c-.o^sed the barrier which separated the Ancieu- from the New Law, and embraced with Unbenouit: will, inflexible determination, and an irtevot'iihW* vow, the holy state of virginity, until then almost unknown in the world. With what reverence, and admiration must the Augels of God have looked upon one who, though in mortal flesh, not only equalled, but surpassed them selves in God's favour and in every good gift. . Hhey observed the special complacency wit: which the Almighty regarded this favoured child destined bo be one day the Mother of His Co equal Son. She was not indeed noticed by the great ones Of the earth, but despised rather by worldings, Whose hearts are turned towards earthly things and relish not the things of God. Yet she was ? the first pure flower that the earth, after its tturBe, had produced, a lily among thorns fit to be presented to the Throne of the Most High. . She was the only pure creature that could stand in contrast with the fallen race as a beautiful exception, a boast, a glory for human nature — the only being that truly represented and re _ - minded Ged Himself of man, such as he came in the beginning from His creating hand, unde filed, and perfect in his innocence, justice, and holiness of truth. She was, in the language of the Church, the Glory of Jerusalem, the Joy of Israel, the Honor of our people. And, dearly . beloved brethren, further consider with me tor a few moments that God, iu His boundless liber ftlity towards this child of predilection, was not tetisfied in preserving her from everything that could defile, but he bestowed on her a high pre rogative, a peculiar privilege, namely — the pre servation of her purity even at the expense of the ordinary laws of nature. She became a mother, and still remained a spotless Virgin. Her virginity was so perfect and so pleasing to God that by a wonderful prodigy only possible to Him, He granted her the blessing of fecundity, and she remained to the end a Virgin and mother — an object of reverence and astonishment to the pure Angels in Heaven. And again my Brethren, we must, while considering the un heard-of chastity and perfect purity of the Virgin, divest ourselves of the impression that Mary was a mere passive and blind instrument in carrying out the merciful designs of God. Such is not the case. She came forth from the hands of her Creator beaming with intelligence, and adorned wibh every virtue that could enlighten her understanding and regulate her will : she was ever co-operating with Divine grace : she understood fully the miseries and evils under which mankind was groaning, and the great and glorious results which were to be achieved by the desired of all nations in accomplishing the redemption of Man — a work in which she was called on by God to take so prominent a part, and for which, united in affection and sentiment with him, she was sighing with the utmost fer vour of soul that His merciful designs, foretold at divers times by the Prophets, and fore shadowed in the promise made by God at the fall of our first parents, might be fulfilled by his Eternal Son, who in time was to be born of a Virgin, and ' to appear to all men, instructing us that denying ungodliness and worldly desires we should live soberly, and justly, and godly in this world, looking for the blessed hope and coming of the glory of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ, who might redeem us from all iniquity, and might; cleanse to Himself a people acceptable, a pursuer of good works.' The ever Immaculate Virgin was then clearly an intelligent and free agent in all her actions, I and the unexampled and singular purity of which we are speaking was not only a gift of God, but a virtue which she made her choice, her preference, and her portion for ever, by her own deliberate act. The answer which she gave to the angel, 'How shall this be done for I know not man,' implies that she had bound herself by a vow of chastity, otherwise her ob jection or hesitation woilid have been groundless, and clearly conveys to us her determination, that the Conception and Birth announced to her could not take place unless by some miraculous intervention, which could not have been true had no such obligation bound her. But does not the difficulty made by the Blessed Virgin on re ceiving the heavenly message raise her beyond measure in our estimation ? What a determined love of chastity and purity is implied in her an swer, when notwithstanding the important an nouncement made to her by God's messenger from heaven, that she was to conceive and bring forth a son who was to save his people, who was to be great, and the Son of the Most High, and of whose kingdom there was to be no end, she resolved to retain this noble virtue and forego even the honours and dignity of the Divine Ma ternity. She had consecrated herself to her heavenly spouse, and she was determined at any cost to remain a virgin. No doubt the grace and lights which in her retirement she had re ceived from God, prepared her for the Archan gel's reply that the Holy Ghost would come upon her, -and the power of the Most High over shadow her, and. that by a most stupendous miracle, the proffered dignity would be hers without detriment to her virginity. This noble Virgin, when the Archangel entered into her humble cottage and saluted her as full of grace and blessed among women, and especially when he had unfolded to her the counsels of God in her regard, must have felt herself invited to de part from the course she had determined to pur sue, and to resign the fair virtue of perfect chastity not for any selfish purpose, not to gra tify any sensual or carnal inclination, not for any ignoble motive, but for the highest, the holiest, and most sublime object that could be devised by the infinite wisdom of God. It was not the prospect of a splendid alliauce, a royal crown, an imperial diadem offered to her by an earthly power, but the assurance conveyed to her from heaven, that she preferably to all other creatures whether visible or invisible, in heaven or on earth, was chosen to bring forth the world's Redeemer, the author of life, to give a Saviour to mankind, a victim of reconcilation to sinners, a model to the just, and a new nature to the Son of God. All this she puts aside for the moment, while it seems inconsistent with her resolution. ' How shall this be done, for I know not man,' and when the Angel assured her that the decrees oi heaven and inscrutable counsels of Providence had destined her to become the Mother of God, and had bestowed on her the unheard of and singular privilege of uniting to this sublime maternity the most virginal purity, then and then only was her consent piven, and the most stupendous mystery was wrought in behalf of mankind, so that the welfare and salvation of man was according to the merciful designs of God made dependant upon the consent of the Blessed Virgin. Her co-operation was asked and after mature deliberation freely given. God in his infinite wisdom had so ordained from the beginning, that though the redemption of man kind was to depend upon the consent and co operation of the Immaculate Virgin at the mo ment of His Incarnation, this great event like so many other events brought about through the free agency of man shonld infallibly take place. It was with the view of securing her co operation in the part assigned to her in this great work, that God endowed her with such virtues and invested her with such singular privileges, and brought her into Buch close contact and familiar intercourse with him self, so that being of one mind and one senti ment with the eternal Father, and fully realis ing the great advantages to be derived by man kind from the mystery of the Incarnation through the heavenly wisdom infused into her soul, she would be a tit instrument in carrying i out the unsearchable and inscrutable ways of I Providence. And, my Brethren, if we only i reflect for a moment on the union that must of 'necessity have existed between her and God, there will be sufficient grounds to warrant us in saying that she was familiar with his merciful designs in regard to mankind. In the first place, he never could have united himself so closely to her in the body without a previous and most perfect union with her soul. And how could this intimate union be main tained in her heart, without a pure and perfect contemplation of God's r-er- fections, without a lively apprehension of 'his mercy and goodness ? Again, how could the Holy Ghost come upon her, not in fiery tongues upon her brow, but with creative energy into her heart and bosom, without filling the capacity of her soul, penetrating all its powers and absorb ing it in his radiance and heavenly light? The gifts of the Holy Ghost, wisdom, understanding, and knowledge, took full possession of her soul and the love of God, and thef love of every thing that God loved, so filled her heart and engaged her affections that no Archangel's no Seraph's love could approach hers. And then consider the many years she passed in company with her divine Sou after he was born to her. How every action of his life must have inspired her with the purest and warmest love towards God, who had given her such a treasure who every day became more dear and precious in her sight. How must she have glowed with intense love and ardour for the salvation of mankind, which caused her beloved Son to descend from his heaveuly mansion and to seek the humiliations and trials of this world that by his sufferings he might secure for fallen man, doomed to misery and perdition, an imperishable crown in. heaven. It was impos sible that the love which burned in the breast of God incarnate, did not increase the flame and ardour of her love to its utmost intensity. Of Mary alone among all created beings, it can be said that she loved God with a Mothers's love and a union of heart and reciprocal affection must have grown up, which cannot be conceived by man, much less realized by any two creatures on earth. Does not Scripture tell us that he was subject to Mary and Joseph 1 Yes, he placed himself under her fostering care, nor did he allow his infinite superiority and diguity of God to diminish his dependence upon her. She nursed him. during his infancy and pressed him to her bosom, every care that maternal affection could bestow was extended to him, she provided for all his wants, nourished him during his childhood and delivered him by flying into Egypt from the hands of his enemies, so that in all things he made himself dependent on her, and she in virtue of her maternity claimed him as her son, he acknowledged her as mother and observed all her commands and attended to all her behests. And what stronger proof of this can be adduced than the miracle he performed at her request, at the marriage Feast of Cana in Galilee ? The Blessed virgin being moved to cotupasBion on witnessing the shame and confu sion of the Bride and Bridegroom, asked her son to relieve it by a miracle telling him that they had no wine, and notwithstanding the answer full of mystery which he gave his Mother and by which he seemed to refuse the favour asked, alleging that the time had not arrived for work ing miracles and performing prodigies, yet such was the confidence Mary reposed iu him, aud such her knowledge of the respect and devotion which he cherished towards her, that she hesi tated not to tell the waiters to do what he would desire them, and accordingly the water pots were filled up and Jesus to satisfy his mother, changed the water into wine. Here my beloved Brethren, we have an illustrious and authentic miracle performed by Jesus at the sole solicita tion of his mother, and that too by anticipation. The Incarnate Word does nothing which has not been preordained in tho eternal council. The heavenly Father pre- disposes all things ac cording to his infinite wisdom, and his Divine Son accomplishes each at the time appointed. His hours, his moments and his actions are marked by his Providence, and regulated with an ad mirable justice. To his Blessed Mother alone \ appertains the privilege of anticipating the time predestined for his miracles. How different was , the reply of our Divine Redeemer to his disciples, j who desired to know whether he would estab lish the kingdom of Israel. 'It is not for you to know the times or the moments which the Father has put in his own power.' And again \ observe, that the favour asked by the Blessed j Virgin was not of that character that it could ; not be dispensed with, or the want otherwise supplied. At moat shame and confusion would ha/e been the lot of the bride and Bridegroom, which the kindness of guests and their sympathy would have removed, aud yet our Divine Lord | hearkens to the request of hiu Mother and performs the miracle. St. John Chyso.-itom, explaining this passage 'Womau what is it to tbee aud me?:'says 'that though Jesus aha/. er.)d thus, yet in honour of Ma Mother he obeyed her wish.' The Angelic Doctor St. Thomas, lays down that by the words ' My hour ia not yet come.' Christ intended to show, that had the request come from any other he would not then have complied with it, but because it was addressed to him by his Mother, he could not refuse it, and following the general opinion of the Holy Fathers and eminent Divines wo are safe in stating that, in order to honour his Mother, our Lord anticipated the time for workiDg miracles. Now my dear brethren let us pause for a moment. So far we have seen that the Blessed Virgin was destined from the begiuning to become the Mother of God, to crush the ser pent's head, and to overcome all die wiles and arts of the enemy of mankind. For that purpose God endowed her with singular virtues, aud in: vested her with singular privileges. He oxempl ted her from original Bin and preserved her duri ing her career in this world from the slightest stain of actual Bin, he conferred on her the dig nity of mother/ and a*, the Bamo time preserved, by a wonderful prodigy only 'possible' to hia om-;' nipotent hand, her virginity. The eternal Father was boundless in his gifts, and enriched her with inBUtneraible graces in order to qualify her for the high and noble dignity to which he vouchsafed to call her. The Holy Ghost de scended in the fulness of his love uponj-her. and^ inflamed her with his heavenly fire, so that no- contagion of sin or concupiscence or anything, bordering upon sin could defile her pure soul?,' The eternal son dwelt in her chaste womb for' nine months, was subject to her for thirty years' acting the part of an affectionate child, consoling! her in her sorrows and trials, and supporting her,, in her privations. To show his profound res pect and veneration for her he anticipates the' decrees of his eternal Father, aud performs a wonderful miracle in order to foreshadow and to; make known to the whole world the great power and influence which she is to possess in favour' of mankind when reigning with him in his eter nal kingdom. '; .' The enemies of the Catholic Church have at all times made it their special study to stigma tize her doctrine on devotion to the Blessed Virgin as opposed to reason and religion, and are even not ashamed to characterize the pious1 practices of Catholics as superstitious, if not ? idolatrous. It is strange, indeed, that such charges should emanate from those who '»lory in the Bible, and make it their rule and guide in matters of religion. The principles which we have so far expounded are all, without exception taken from Scripture and the inspired. Word of God, and the virtues aud privileges with which it pleased the Almighty to endow the Blessed Virgin, far exceed any honour that His Church here on earth could ever bestow on her. The Catholic Church, in recommending her children to cheiish a tender devotion to the Mother of God and to invoke her powerful intercession, has only been endeavouring to walk but at a great distance, in the path marked out by eternal wisdom, and ; to follow the example of the three divine persons who exerted their wisdom, their power, and their goodness to the highest degree, in bringing forth and protecting this child of predilection, in order that she might be a fit instrument in repaiiing all the evils and miseries brought into the world by our first parents. And 'even in this respect what a noble instance is afforded us of the power of the Blessed Virgin during her career on earth and of the honour conferred on her by the Almighty. Charity prompted her to visit her Cousin St. Elizabeth, and behold at her very presence a miracle is wrought. Never before had God made any human creature the medium of conveying grace and sanctifying the sinner, but the word of the Blessed Yivgia becomes the organ of the Holy Ghost, bring' ing joy and grace to the soul of an infant. to. make of him the greatest among men. St. Elizabeth assures us of the fact— 'For behold, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in my ears, the infant in my womb leaped for joy. ' She is already, even before the birth of. her divine Son, engaged in crushing the head of the ser pent, destroying the power of the devil, with draws John the Baptist from his tyranny, and the words of the Archangel are fulfilled — ' And he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost even from His mother's womb.' In this mystery we. have another proof of the singular honor and respect which it pleased God to pay to the Blessed Virgin, and that to such an extent, that if Catholics were honouring aud venerating her for endless ages, and were ever engaged in erecting churches aud establishing confraternities in her honor and propagating devotion to her, they would never reach that degree of respect and honor which God on this occasion paid her. If God then honored her so much and more than we do or can do, on what ground can the charge of superstition, ignorance and idolatry be brought against us. Hail full of grace, proclaimed the archangel, the heavenly messenger, and fear not Mary for thou hast found favor with God. If the practice of the Catholic Church, in en couraging and promoting devotion to the Mother of God, is to be condemned, so must God's prt-r vidence in her regard be also condemned, but if his arrangements are all wiso and according to justice and wisdom, so must the ordinances of his Church, the interpreter of his will, the expoun der of his doctrines be respected as the honour paid her by God far exceeds ihe honour tbat his Church on earth could possibly confer on her. We salute thee, then, 0 Great Virgin, with the Archangel as full of grace, and with St. Eliza beth aa blessed among women, raised above all the Angels 'and Saints in heavoM, and proclaim thee with the Fathers of the Church, tht- Ini maculalc Virgiu, the spotlsss O.cve, the foly Jerusalem, the. exalted throne of God, the irk oC sanctificatiou and house of Eternal Wisdom, as that Queen who abounding in delights ?nd leaning on her beloved, came forth all perfect and fair from the mouth of the Must High, toost dear to God, and created in justice and holiaess of truth. ; . ! My dearly Beloved Brethren, the present glorious Pontiff who, fifteen years ago, to the great joy of the Catholic world, proclaimed from the chair of Peter, the doctrine of the Immacu late Conception of the Blessed Virgin, to be revealed by God, having called together the Bishops from the uttermost bounds of the eartb, to take counsel with them, and to devise mea sures conducive to the interests of the Church, the prosperity of nations and peoples aud the welfare ef society, will preside in a few days at the largest and most numerous assembly of Bishops, perhaps ever held in the Church. This great work has been undertaken fey him under the auspices $and protection of the ever Itn* maculate Virgin, ' and on that auapicioua day, Wednesday next, the Bishops frorn all parts of the globe, Europe, Asia, Africa, America, and Australia will assemble uuder tie dome of St. Peter, there to deliberate on the gravest and most momentous subjects that can be considered on earth. '- . We are told in the Acts of the Apostles that our divine Redeemer before: ageendiug into. hea- ven commanded his Apostles, not to depart from Jerusalem, but to wait, for, the promise of t£» ITather, the Holy Ghost. They accordingly re- ; lared into an 'upper room in Jerusalem and all^1 were persevering with one mind in prayer, and i Mary the Mother of Jesus was with them. ? Who can describe the holy thoughts and pious . aspirations of that holy band, and the fervent _ prayers that were offered by the Immaculate! Mother of our divine Redeemer, that the Holy? Ghost might descend on the Apostles and disciples, - in, his power, and fulness, and replenish them ?with all the graces necessary to accomplish the \great mission entrusted to them in which, she rherself had taken such an important part. , ; ..-j ;.r In the same spirit the Supreme Pontiff in ?quality of Vicar of Christ has ; convoked ,the ; (Ecumenical Council, has brought together the Prelates of the Church and has summoned them to, iltom.e on the great feast. of the Immaculate Con ception, and appealed to all his children throughout the world,' to' join in fervent prayer, 'and to beseech the giver of all good gifts to en-! lighten him and the Bishops assembled, and to direct them in their deliberations. For this purpose Catholics in other : countries have under taken special devotions, -md are engaged in offer ing special prayers, and their holy Communions. With the same view; we too, my dearly Beloved Brethren, though we are separated by thousands .of miles from the Eternal City, the See of Peter, 'the centre of unity, shall join and unite with \'6\iv fellow Catholics in every region of the earth, and pour forth our most fervent prayers that divine wisdom may fill the hearts and direct and -enlighten the minds of the Holy Father and the Bishops assembled. We shall offer our holy communions during the Novena of the Immaeu .'??late Conception, and for that purpose too I en treat all the Catholics of this Diocese to unite in reciting the Rosary every night in their homes, and: joining the Sodality of the Living Rosary which has been enriched with so many privileges and. Indulgences by the Church, in order to encourage the faithful in its practice and to impress them with the great dignity of the Mother of God, and the influence which she possesses in heaven with her divine son by her ;;; powerful intercession. : The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with iyou all. Amen. ' -!' -+? JAMES, BISHOP OF MAITLAND. : Maitland, ; Feast of St. Francis Xavier, 1869. I N.B. — 1. The Clergy will be pleased to read this letter in all the Churches and Chapels, and : at the various Missions throughout the Diocese, , -as soon as they can sonveniently do so. 2\. They will also occasionally offer the Holy ? sacrifice of the Mass for the success of the ap proaching Oecumenical Council, and ask the Faithful to offer their prayers and Holy Com munions for the same piouB purpose. 