THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS IN WINTER. Lions at play, free as in their own jungles at home; tigers crouching, springing, gambolling with as little re-<*> straint as on the hot plains of native India—such is the dream of every one interested in zoology. We are all tired of the dismal menagerie cages. The cramped walk, the weary restless movement of the head, like a silent moan, the bored look, the artificial habits—arc as repugnant to the student of animal life as tc the grand cartwoora themselves. The visitor to the Begent's Park Gardens has not been edu cated by the Society for nothing. He becomes exigent apace, and the long row of boxes, with barred fronts, before which the fashionables wait for the hyena's horrid laugh, or watch the lion consume his modicum of raw meat, have been long condemned by sight-seers, both old and young. The hippopotamus can roll in the water' or on the land at its ease; the elephant and the camel enjoy air and exercise habitually, while the birds, the serpents, the fish, and the minor quadrupeds are all catered for with respectful consideration for their natural habits and wants. It is only the monarcha and aristocracy of the animal world—the lions, the leopards, the tigers, the pumas, the jaguars, and their brother peers— who are as much cribbed, cabined, and confined at the Zoological Gardens as if they were the chattels of some travelling showniau, compelled to keep his property in a portable form. There have been, of course, difficulties in the way of liberating these interesting creatures. Once free of their cages, and with sufficient exercise space to bound and play, differences might arise between them, fights ensue, and deaths occur in due course. The cleaning out of their lairs, and on occasion, removing the dead or ailing, the separating the quarrelsome, the pro viding for the safety of visitors, and per forming generally the sanitary and pre cautionary functions pertaining to the wild beast keeper, have all to be con sidered ; but it is satisfactory to know that the Zoological Society expects to shortly overcome every obstacle, and that we may hope to see lions and tigers in the enjoyment of comparative liberty at no distant day. This will be the greatest novelty introduced by the Society, and will be a legitimate following out of the system of management under which it has nourished so well. That fresh air is more important than heat even to tropical animals is a truth which gains ground every year ; and the visitor on the coldest winter's day will be amazed to find how little coddling is prac tised, and how thoroughly and speedily the denizens of the gardens become accli matised. The one thing they can't stand is dull damp weather. This affects their spirits as much as the lively foreigner in sists it does the temper and views of the human animal. A November fog makes every monkey in the gardens seem to be meditating suicide, besides affecting him bronchially to a really painful extent. But a brisk sharp frost has no terrors for the majority of the beasts. The birds feel it badly, for, however cold it may be, nature does not supply them with a single extra feather ; and in some cases by their toes dropping off, in others—as the storks—by their slender brittle legs becoming frost- bitten, they betray the danger of exposing them to too low a temperature. These have, therefore, to be kept in judiciously heated and closed chambers, where the air be comes necessarily less pure. But with scarely an exception the ani mals are able to accommodate them selves to circumstances, and in a short time put on a thicker and warmer coat. The skin of a lion or tiger which has been in this country for some years before its death is of a wholly different character from that of the same beast when killed in its native state. The latter is thin, fine, and silky, the former stout and coarse. The one is to the other what a pea-jacket is to a dress-coat, and thus furnishes one out of many illustrations of the ready adaptability of nature to cir cumstances. Accordingly, it is found better to allow the animals to become gradually acclimatised than to keep them delicate by over-care and the artificial atmosphere of a forcing-house. In some departments a single fire is sufficient for airing a large chamber, in others one line of hot-water pipes placed at some distance from the beasts just takes the extremity of dullness from the air. Thursday, for example, was a sharp day. A great coat was a necessity, and a fire a comfort to every one able to procure them; yet both, the hippopotami were taking their exercise in the open air, the African elephant, and the two-horned rhinoceros were frisking in houses which were scarcely heated at all, and kangaroos from the most sultry parts of Australia were kicking each other playfully with their hind legs, and otherwise* disporting themselves out of doors, just as if it were summer. The male hippopotamus was, it should never be forgotten, a fashionable attraction long before Sunday promenad ing in the Gardens was a recognised method of killing time. He was the j most illustrious of the strangers who visited our shores during the year of his arrival here; and received all the honors ! we accord to distinguished foreigners. Songs were written on him, and the late Mr. J. W. Sharp, of coarsely comic memory, kept Evan's in a roar by his vocal de scription of the hippopotamus's ways. When a much bepraised illustrious per sonage died, Mr. Charles Dickens choose the amphibious monster as a text for a moral and satiric essay, and " The Good Hippopotamus" was the title of one of the most brilliant apologues in " Household Words." But perhaps the strongest tes timony of all was the difference he made m the number of visitors to the Gardens which rose from 168,895 in 1849 to 360,402 in 1850, in which year he arrived. On Friday, his admirers will be pleased to know, he appeared in capital health and spirits. The wound inflicted on his knee by a bite from bis female companion a year or two ago has assumed the cha racter of a warty excresence, which, though unsightly, is quite harmless, and His Unwieldiness applied himself to his food in our presence with a philosophic relish which was evidently sincere. Ihe two-horned rhinoceros is a mere baby, about the size of a small cow, and with his ribs showing through his dusky leathery hide. This evidence of thinness is not due to ill-health or under-feeding or low spirits, but to his excessively rapid growth. He is the first specimen of the two-horned or African rhinoceros ever brought to this country, and already shows signs of presuming en his popu larity. To chase his attendant, and occa sionally give short runs as if anxious to butt with his horns or squeeze him against the wall, are among his favorite sports; while a common barrel, put into his stall as a plaything, inspires him with the most acute and lively joy. He rolls it to and fro, he bangs it up and down, he stamps on it with his feet, makes holes in it with his horns, and finally crushes and pulverises it as if it were an egg shell under a drayman's boot. So quickly does he destroy his favorite toy that the authorities have serious thoughts of hav ing a specially strong barrel constructed, so that the infant stranger may amuse himself at greater length than is pos sible with the stoutest of those set be fore him now. The African' elephant who snorts moisture amicably through his trunk while his peculiarities are being whispered, as if in derision at the people who try to circumscribe bis gambols, is amiability itself as long as he is allowed out; but he hates confinement as much as a frisky domestic, and has conse quently played sad havoc with the tempo rary building he is in. "We are hurry ing the workmen as much as possible," remarks our guide, " that we may have our new elephant house finished before he tears this place down altogether. Directly he gets out, though, he's all right; but when confined his indignation prompts him to destroy, and, as you see here, and here (pointing to recent breaches in the stone and wood), he'll have the whole place about bis ears if we don't move him soon." The new elephant house is an imposing structure on the north or canal side of the Gardens, and is probably the most complete thing of the kind ever attempted in any country. It contains eight large divisions for elephants and rhinoceri, each of which is luxuriously fitted. The in dications given by the two-horned rhino ceros of the possibilities of his disposition are carefully provided for here, for two of the corners of each stall are fitted with stout iron screens, behind which the keeper can retire with safety if suddenly turned on by the animal he is attending. Behind these screens, again, are iron steps fastened in the wall and running up its side to a gallery above, which is open, and runs round on each side until it com municates with the chambers of the atten dants in front. These will sleep almost within sight of their charges, and at any sound can, almost without leaving their rooms, loook down upon a turbulent elephant or rhinoceros, and ascer tain whether any further personal services is required. We have spoken of the division of this new elephant house as stalls, but they are in reality spacious, lofty apartments, communicat ing with each other by a massive iron door, which is worked by machinery, and can be raised or lowered at pleasure. Each of them opens out into an exercise ground, and all are thoroughly ventilated. Sanitary science has been as much con sulted as if the place were a palace or a hospital. The present elephant house, in which the Indian elephants were being fed with biscuits and buns by children, in the old fashion, seems a sadly dingy den after the palatial magnificence of the new erection, which the visitor leaves with the conviction that he has seen the most thoughtfully-devised and carefully constructed animal-house which has yet been known. People who suffer much from cold may be reminded that their peculiarity is shared by the lowest organizations in the animal world. Serpents must have heat, so must crocodiies, alligators, and snakes. The reptile house is kept at a mean tem perature of 70 degrees, for there is no teaching the boa constrictor to harden himself. He lies coiled beneath two or three blankets, and darts out his tongue angrily when our companion removes his covering to show him off. Another ser pent sheds his [skin during our stay, a ceremony which should be performed every two months or so if the creatures are in good health, and we hear how highly these coats are valued by some people as charms, and that the late Mr. Waterton—of alligator-riding celebrity— was a frequent applicant for the skins of the most poisonous serpents, keeping his use for them a secret, but ever anxious to procure them. The monkeys suffer, as we have said, from cold and damp, with almost human sensitiveness ; and the beaver finds warm weather so disagreeable that he would give up the ghost if he were not permitted to burrow below the water, and so attain a lower temperature than is attainable in the upper air. But the sum total of zoological experience seems to be that bracing and hardening is the true mode of dealing with delicate organi zations. There is wonderfully little arti ficial heat enjoyed bj the animals : and the line of cages, of which the lions' and tigers' dens are prominent examples, are only partially warmed by hot water tubes running round the interior of their roofs. The opening of the new elephant house and the sight of the comforts it provides, will make the visit ing public more eager than ever for their favorite king of beasts to have fair play, and thousanils upon thousands will be gratified to learn that a method of dis playing lions and tigers in what may be called by comparison a state of nature is seriously contemplated at last. In this, as in other instances of the thoughtful care and intelligent management of the Zoological Society, it is but fair to remem ber how deeply the public are indebted to the scientific attainments of Dr. P. L. Sclater, F.R.S., its Secretary, and the practical knowledge of Mr. A. D. Bartlett, its Resident Superintendent, for the im provements in progress, and the increased facilities to be looked for.— Daily News. 