We certainly live in exceptional times, ami although Mr. Sumner quotes Mr. George Canning as an instance of statesmanship, his name, would stand aghast at the idea of re- pudiation of the acts of an envoy. Nothing in the whole history of diplomacy can he more shocking to the nerves than such a repudiation as is embodied in the speech of Mr. Sumner. We have given in full his speech and he. is thoroughly welcome to it. To have shorn it of the smallest portion -would have been an injustice not only to him but to that "grand basis of nationality" of which he so fondly speaks. Like all overgrown children we must allow America to talk a little " loudly; " but no thing in its whole history of "largo language" has there been anything equal to the speech of Mr. Sumner. It first of all "begs the qnestion," and having done so builds up an argument that looks very much like its "great basis," a worthless amount of falsehood. We do not deny that the Alabama was built in a public dock in England, and it is not denied that she escaped from her trees although the Govornment was forowarned that she was in tended for the service of the Federal States, hut at the time that this was known and oven when thero was neutrality on the ocean the Republic of North America, to borrow the woi;ds of Earl Russell, recognised the Federal States as a belligerent power. The very words of England in its recognition of the Northern States went'to show that she had 110 desire to ignore either the North or the South in the unhappy dispute that had arisen between them. Tt is simply absurd to avow that the " nourish ment " Great Britain gave, or rather is alleged to have given, to the Federal States, prolonged the war, or that her 11011 intercession gave ro- newed life to the conlliot. Those who felt the most injury remained most inactive ; the Lan cashire. cotton spinners, whose daily crust was dependent upon the slave labour of the South American States, never murmured while they starved. It is therefore ungrateful in the Northerners to cast upon England a want of sympathy with the. abolition that Lincoln in augurated. Mr. Sumner, while he preaches so much against slave labour, and throws into the teeth of Englishmen the names of Wilherforcn and Brougham, has so treacherous a memory as to forget what the citizens of New York did even in those troublous times. Does he not remember that therein churches the "coloured gentlemen " were not allowed to sit in the same seat with their paler Christians, and that to be seen speaking to one of remote African origin was an ollenco against society. Mr. Sumner claims for his country an immunity from all blame. Patriotism is well and good when founded upon grounds that are open to only small dispute; and the Americans have un questionably a very good plea in bar to almost any onslaughts on their nationality. But when Mr. Sumner talks about the injury done to the national dignity by acts of England, the joke must ho put an cud to. Had he con lined him self to the pounds, shillings, and pence loss sustained, we could have gone with the spirit of Joseph Hume into the whole affair, and very probably an equitable adjustment could bp arrived at, if any injury bad been sustained. Mr. Sumner lias, however, kept 011b of view, apparently' with purpose, the numerous in stances in which the States have endeavoured to torment Great Britain whenever an oppor tunity presented itself. They have upon every occasion that has occurred struggled to weaken the. power they thought the most dangerous to their ascendency. This was the case when that farce called Fenianism was at its full strength ; the raid 011 Canada was prompted by American arms, and American malcontents ; so have our prisons been peopled by " insurgents " from America, and during tbo disastrous wars in the Crimea and in India, American sympathy, if nothing more, hut we are satisfied that there was something more Russia-wise ill the former, uphold, countenanc ed, nourished, and prolonged, to nso Air. Sumner's words again, those bloody contests. It might as well be said that Sebastopol would have surrendered quickly had it not been for the power of American money, money ab solutely lent to Russia to carry 011 the war against other European powers. Even sup posing such was not the case, the sympathy, which is a surcharge against England in the American war, was a prominent feature of American life during what is called "England's ditliculty." The slightest turn of the tide against, the " Britishers," was hailed, if not with acclamation, with .something most remark ably akin to it. Every paper printed in the States was jubilant, in large charactered letters, that the stronghold of the Russians had not submitted to British or Gallic, arms. It is to tie hoped, as air. toumner piously liopes too, that there will not be a war between the two countries. There is so much British blood 111 America that such a contest would he un natural, and anything that could save either country from such disaster would lie acceptable. If, however, thero he no alternative, either to compromise the honour of a state, such is nearly the language of Air. Sumner, or to make war in which national honour is involved such is the expression of Air. Sumner, it is easy to arrive at a reasonable conclusion. Air. Sunnier has not made out a case fer the States. TI\p indignity he so loudly preaches about is a ghost of his own raising. Tho vote that he succeeded in obtaining is in all likelihood the. transient passion of the hour. Air. Re verily Johnson had a clearer anil more attainable foresight of tho whole question. The Alabama claim was an excellent stalking horse upon which the new ministers could ride. But the whole matter, even giving Air. Simmer credit for the truth of all his figures, resolves itself into this, whether there was 110 more fault on the part of the United States than there was some absence of activity on that of Great Britain. 