CURRENT TOPICS. A.late telegram last night informs us that, on the House resuming- after refresh ment, a long discussion took place in which many members took part, and at ten minutes to ten, o'clock a division took place—34 for the motion,'and-29 for .the amendment. Mr Kitto moved the adjournment of. the House in order to re-open the-question, which was seconded by Mr Macgregor. Mr M'Culloch opposed the adjournment," and said the Government would abide by the decision the House had come to. The House was left still discussing. Our tele gram. appends a note, that Messrs Glass and Quarterman will have to go to gaol. His Grace Dr Polding, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney, accompanied by a number of the bishops and other digna taries o£ the church, visited Geelong yester day. The- party. Tisitcd most of the Catholic schools, and having dined at the Presbytery, afterwards spent the evening at the Convent.- . " A meeting of the,members of! the .Gee long Quoit Club is to be held at tlie Crown] Hotel, to-morrow evening, to make arrange ments for the opening of the winter cam paign. : :s The programme that is to he discussed at the Central Wesleyan Schoolroom 'this evening is certainly an attractive one and will doubtless command a good attendance. Mr Gillespie is to occupy the chair, and the proceedings will commence with the over ture " L Italiana in .Algieri" by the hand which wMl suhsequentlyplayKoenig's "Bird of Paradise," with piccolo obligato, and the overture of " La Dame Blanche (Boiel dieu). One of the greatest attractions will however be a clarionet solo, by Mr Band master "Walker, whose • skill on this his tavorite instrument is so well known. Miss Holland will sing two songs and Mr Rasli Idigh will also give his assistance as a voca list. The readers will be Messrs W. Heed, Kellj*, Lcecliman, Middlemiss, Watt and Gillespie. A pleasant evening's enter tainment may therefore be anticipated. The contractor for the erection of the Corporation Cattle Sale-yards at West Gcclong is making rapid progress in the execution of the work. Some thirty men arc now employed on the contract; a port able steam engine is at work on the ground boring the post-holes for morticing, which docs the work with accuracy and despatch. The posts are strong and substantial of red glim, and the rails of sawn hardwood. The portion of the posts that will be under ground, arc having a good coating of tar put upon them as a preservative. The situation of the yards is well chosen, and the gully close by affords a channel for ample drainage. A substantial bridge lias been thrown over the gully connecting the land purchased by the corporation with that granted to them by Government. The nature of the soil is sandy loam, so that naturally the wet is soon absorbed, and the situation is airy. When the yards are finished, they will he a great boon to the eattle salmen, \ Muck has been written, more lias been ?aid, and probably even more again thought of tbe new company of Christy Minstrels, and as a natural consequence the public ol' Geelong being a reading, speaking, and thinking community, have had their curi osity aroused in no mean degree. What then could be expected under such circum stances but a full bouse, and, as Frank Weston would remark, " that's just what's the matter." Entertainments of late have been but very poorly patronised, and it is quite refreshing to have to notice one which is patronised by a crowded audience. Such, however, was the case last evening, the Mechanics' Institute being crowded in tbe back and middle seals, while the front scats were comfortably filled. At a. rough guess, the receipts must have been about L50. Whe this large audience had their expectations satisfied or not, it.is not difficult to guess, judging by the' general' approval expressed as to the merits of the entertainment. At the same time tlie company may be summed up as being one of the best, that has yet appeared in the colonies, so far as instru mental, comic and dancing departments are concerned, while in vocal talent it is somewhat deficient. In fact, the only real vocalists of the company are Messrs T. Campbell and Frank Weston. Mr Campbell has a really fine baritone voice, and knows bow to make it effective. His songs "Kiss me ere I die," and the de scriptive song in the second part, were tbe best vocal efforts of tbe evening. The first part of the entertainment consisted of ivhat is tended in the programme '.'mirth and music," The mirth was well supplied by Messry Kelly and Hussey, the "banjo" litid '• bones " of the company respectively. Then: jokes have the merit of being nearly all new, and not worn threadbare by con stant use, while they are made to tell well by"the manner in which they are delivered. .The audience was kept in one continued state of lausrhter diirinsr the intermissions between the songs/ It ; is in dancing talent,-'however, that the great strength of the company lies. The golden shoe dance,' hy Messrs Kelly ' and Holly, is the best ever seen on the stage" of the Mechanics', hardly, excepting even ..the terpsichorean efforts of Joe Brown. Mr Peel's " champion jig" is; -also excellent. The sketches of nigger eccentricities were like the jokes, all new, and however absurd they might hci the: most staid among, the. audience could not help joining in the laugh/'Albeit, there were ' some who. evidently felt ashamed of the weakness. The four o'clock; train," by Messrs Ilussey and Weston, is perfectly irrcstiblc, the expression of fenr - on the ■ countenances of the ; performance as well got up, ghost puts ill: liis .appearance, and the extraordi nary manner in which. Mr Weston makes his exit being about " the funniest thing out." Mr llusscy's song, ll, Tobias and Bisncn," is altogether a new thing, and some may consider it not quite the thing, to burlesque orthodox psalm singing in this manner. Altogether the Christys may he said to have come up to expectations in everything save vocal music, and , this is saying.niuch considering what those expec tacions have been. In conclusion, it might be hinted in a friendly way, that the accompaniments are at times too loud for some of' the voices possessing but little power.•, . ' ... ...' ; i The Government have lately ; been making enquiries into the uses various church reserves have been applied to, with a view of resuming occupation iii cases where they have been misapplied. There, is one in Geclong^ which unfortunately it appears, they have no power • over. We say " unfortunately," for however strongly the system of granting these reserves .may commend itself, it must be admitted there ' are cases where they aire most grossly mis applied ; and the one we retcr to is of this class. . It is the Independent Church lie serve, in Eyrie street, - comprising a block of an acre or more of the most valuable land in Geelong, having three excellent frontages, and being in an excellent posi-. tion. .This reserve; it appears, was granted before the separation of this colony from New South Wales... In -those-days the authorities had full and entire faith that ircligious bodies would religiously recognise .the fret, that land ..given for a specific purpose should-be applied to .that, and not hemade available as a ' means of acquiring this world's wealth. Con sequently, the Act .at that time con tained no provision for resuming occupation 01 f any breach ^6f/-laitb, and so reserves were absolutely granted, and this i one amongst'the rest. Subsequent experience, 'showed that some check was necessary, and •hence the Act -now. -provides "wbat^-Svas. omitted in the !Ncw South Wales Act. But still much ■ mischief had. previously been done," and in the case wd refer'to,1 notably so, and the possession of 'the valuable" re serve referred to by the exceedingly small cbngregation .worshipping at the exceed ingly'small church inUlyne-street, must be rigaidedj as agrentArawback. to one of the best portions of tlie tbwn.^ yluAead of being- merely used".for, the purpose.it was granted for,; tliis congregation has erected a number of shabby wooden'.-s tructures of the most dilapidated.;nppearance,.!tud-tkese -have beenlet to various ■ persons, the rent received from them: being,- we should say, sufficient to ■ meet all expenses connected witlf the . church. The laud -is situated, right"iiifront of. the Post-office, the.; Tele-* graph Office, and MechahicsVInstitu te,' lind as may 'bp supposed; 'the street is not -improved by the kructures_onj.this-_ church reserve. . Not content, however,' with ' the disfigurement accomplished," another hut—it deserves; no better title—is- now being erected, and 'is even more shameful in appearance than any of the others. , In. Tact it is of such an, ancient appearance'tbat one can imagine that it was the very first shanty erected on' the very first gold-field township. This" land had the government the power of re sumption, would meet with ready pur chasers at high prices, and no doubt hi a very short time we should have a row or two of handsome business places instead of the present structures. One-third of it would be ample for all church purposes, if the congregation could make up their mind . to do without illicit state-aid, for such the rents -obtained for these places must" be looked upon. In conclusion, we would putdt to the good sense of the congregation to say whether they do not consider that morally, if-not legally, they are reaping a benefit they have no right-to: from- the liberality of the state. Our 'Jlallarat correspondent writes Mr H. B. Chalmers is desirous of con 'tcstiugthc election with Mr C. E. Jones, and will probably venture on it. If he is willing, however, to take good counsel he will not do anything of the kind. If he docs he may be certain of an ignominious defeat. He cannot command the votes of the. Constitutionalists, or of the Loyal Liberals as a body, though he may get a few from each. He, no doubt, .believes that there is a chance, aiul his purpose in desiring to wrest the scat from Mr Jo».-s may be good, but he is not the mail to win just now. The anniversary services of the Aber deen-street Baptist Chapel are to he held on Sunday, ami sermons will be preached by the Rev "William Bryant, of .Melbourne. On the following day a tea and public meeting will be held. In another column will he found a letter from the Secretary of the Hospital, appeal ing to the public for a supply of books, old papers and periodicals, for the amusement of the inmates ol' the asylum, and we trust this request.will be liberally responded to. Old illustrated papers will be very accep table. Those who wish to contribute, but. have not time to go to the institution, are reminded tliat there is a box lor the receipt of their donations, at the comer of Mr is. Brown's Yard, opposite the Mechanics', Institute. The man Wallis, whose horse borrowin proclivities have lately been so much before the public, has, is is believed, been arrested between Colac and Camperdowit. If this is the case, he has certainly seen a good deal of country during his escapade, and will he able, when safely incarcerated- in her Majesty's Goal, to form a cool and decided opinion oil the grazing capabilities of many stations, or the agricultural pros pects pf thp land tie has traversed. In the Government notice headed "Vic torian Railways," notifying the discontinu ance of the excursion tickets for the winter months, we regret the omission of a correc tion which should have appeared in our issue of yesterday. The notice should read " On and after the 1st May," instead of " After the 1st May." At the Central police-court, yesterday, the Mayor and Messrs Parker and Heath ■ were on the bench. Mary Dunne was the only offender before the court, and she was charged with drunkenness. As it was her first offence she was discharged. . . The summary mode of procedure adop.ted by the Government in the matter of the reduction of the allowance to volunteers, has caused a considerable amount of incon venience, and is calculated to destroy the efficiency for which the volunteers of Vic toria have for years past been pre-eminent; in fact; by doing so the Government have not only caused inconvenience, but, as we will attempt to show, have broken an. ' agreement. They have caused men to work for a certain sum, and have then re fused to pay them their wages. "With re ference to this question, we have received a ' , report adopted at a meeting of the com manding officers, for presentation to the lion, the Chief Secretary which exhausts the subject, but which is too long for in sertion in these columns; we will, how- • ever, explain the principal grievance. A short time ago Major llcath wrote up to the Volunteer office asking when the grant for 18G8 would be paid, and whether there would he any deduction in that; in reply he was informed that there would be re ductions, all moneys being paid for the year in advance. The statement that the grant■ is paid in advance is incorrect, for the simple reason that at the commencement of the year the Government could not pos siblyknow what the corps would earn. Clause 3,4 of the Volunteer statute provides that every volunteer may earn £5 per annum. ; Clause 3G expressly stipulates that if the number.'of effectives in any corps be V below 75, the services of sucli corps -shall< . he dispensed with. 27ow, to pay in ad vance, the Government would require, to know how many would make, themselves effective during the year, and whether they• gained the whole £5 or not.' Last year... 11.5 members -'of No. 1 Corps rendered themselves ..effective, and on the average were entitled to receive £4 10s- from Go vernnient,. 'making a gross sum of £517 10s. "Without the slightest warning the Government refuse to pay this sum, not withstanding that it is for work and iahour done, and coolly offer £2 per man, making a dead loss to.the corps ot £287 10s. This certainly cannot he considered an equitable arrangement. If the' Government had paid'.'the full' amount for last year, and then intimated to the commanding offfeers that for this year they will only be allowed £2 per head, nothing could be complained off; but to. break through an agreement in this manner, is deserving of the severest censure. The result of this conduct is that ,the 1st Geelong is in debt for their parade , room, etc," to the tune of £373 6s 3d, the 2nd Geelong owes £403 2s 6d, and neither will have a penny to spare to meet these liabilities, as the whole of the £2 will be swallowod up in uniforms, musketry in struction, lighting, stationery, etc. There • will not be a penny available for prizes or advertising, and without competition it is not likely the volunteers will continue to be as good, marksmen as hitherto. The commanding officers have certainly been placed in a most disagreeable position, and are thus being rewarded for devoting a great deal of their time to the service of the public without fee or-reward. ; Several of the Ballarat coachbuilders are busily-engaged in making velocipedes upon the pattern of those most in favour in •Paris. .-How-,is it that our locaT builders have not don'e anytliing in this way ? The roads' near Geelong are, we imagine, suit able for such locomotion. C* The - Argiis saysIt is satisfactory to know that the sentiments of the electors will be tested by . the candidature of Mr Chalmers, a Loyal Liberal, who, it will be remembered,,contested the sent won by Mr \- Gillies at. the last general election hut one, and who, on this occasion, will receive the combined support of his own party and of the Constitutionalists. "We leant that the salt manufactory of Messrs W. M'Kee and Co., at Western Port Bay, is likely to meet with the success it deserves! The quality and appearance is pronounced in no way to differ front Liver pool made-salt. ' Three little children named Waseldine, ••were foroughtjup at the Newtown Police \ Conrt yesterday, for pelting an old woman with stones. The magistrates fined them os each,: and-ordered • their, parents to take them all home and do the 'Rime as the "old woman' that lived in a shoe" did. The conduct of the plaintiff in bringing three babies, for they were little else, before the court was absurd, and so thought th# magistrates, viz., Messrs"Champion," Gar- : iuidihfil,'3!ilacfarlanc, and "White,-" J.P.'s. •""'It' is stated that nothing occurred on..... Wednesday to change the opinion! of Dr jPOrea as to the nature of the disease front '"which" the children of the late Dr Berndt are suffering. He still pronounces it to he merely chicken-pox. The Portland Guardian says:—"Had the Parliament" found any extenuation, so as to avoid the extreme penalty of ex pulsiop, we should have been amongst the first to congratulate Mr Butters, but under the circumstances we think the wiser course for the Portland constituency to adopt is. not to set the decision of the Legislature at defiance, but show cause why the decision should be revoked." . The Daily .Telegraph saysOur Bal "larat correspondence confirms the state ment'that Mr: Jones will, on and after ^Saturday -next, assume the position of editor of the Ballarat Evening Post, in place of an hon member of the Legislative Assembly who has long held the office. Intelligence was received at intervals on Wednesday, from Blinders, of the success ful progress made in the laying of the Tasmanian cable. The shore end has not yet been secured, some little time being necessary to complete the operation. Dr Ilalford, in carrying on his investiga tions to discover an antidote to snakc-poi soning, has been observing the effect of ammonia by tlie veins of the heart itself, and subsequently on the nervous system, and several experiments have been tried on dogs. The ditt'erent animals were placed under the influence of chloroform, and when in this state ammonia was in jected into the left external jugular vein ; and it would appear from the facts developed that ammonia is an antidote to chloroform. The Professor remarks that " it must not be forgotten that the amount •of poison necessary to destroy life differs in the dog and in man. Dogs withstand large doses of morphia and atrophine, yet suc cumb quickly to snake poison and chloro form. Man is soon affected by small quantities of morphia and atrophipc, but is capable of resisting in a veiy large measure the toxic effects of chloroform and snake poison. Again, the individual differs in degree among his fellows." TLic Ballarat Star writes We have received so many letters denouncing Mr C. B. Jones that we really cannot find room for them. It' those who write would set earnestly to work to reined}' the evil" which they deplore, there might be no necessity for writing at all. One letter from Kyneton is, however, worthy of special mention. This letter accuses Mr .1 ones of having done his best to get Mr Sands condemned for other than public reasons, and the writer states that Mr Sands is in possession of documents which .will prove the impropriety of Mr Jones' conduct. If this is-tho fact, the best thing that Mr Sands or the writer'can do is, to to forward us an authenticated statement of the case, so that there may he no room for doubt or possibility of evasion. An escape of a miraculous character 0Cr cnrred ouc day last week at Latham and Wittson's mine at Bendigo. A pick acci dentally fell down the shaft, nearly 600 feet, and although two men were working below, strange to say it did not strike tlietn. This, says the Advertiser, may indeed lie called a most remarkable escape. The Ballarat Star reports—One of the most disorderly meetings which has oc curred for a considerable time was held in the Alfred Hall, on Wednesday evening, to hear Mr U. E. Jones prove Air Higin botham to be in the wrong in his. late speech in the Assembly. Air R. Al. Ser jeant had the pluck to propose to move an amendment at the meeting, and arrived on the platform—which had been packcd«for about half an hour previously by supporters of Air C. E. Jones—in company with Air Joseph Jones, at a quarter before eight. He was immediately saluted by a liowl which, by a more timorous man, might have been taken as a warning- to m'ake.good a retreat from the hall; hut Air Serjeant did not take the hint. Air C. E. Jones arrived on theplatfonn while the cry of "Alakc way for Jones" caused a passage to be made, and reduced the number of covered heads to something very small indeed. Air Jones was listened to very patiently, with the exception of a few interruptions from various corners of the room, which the speaker attributed to one -particular in dividual, whom he thought must he the "Iota" of the Star that morning. He glanced very harmlessly over Air Iligin hotham's statements, and with his usual ingenuity, delivered a speech upon every thing but the subject at issue. When that ' was ended, Air Glennic moved that lie was a fit and proper person, &c;, and Air Walker seconded the motion. Air Serjeant rose to move his amendment supporting the action of the Alinistiy and Assembly, and was met by yells. He spoke through all the yell ing, and having moved his amendment, gave place to Air Joseph Jones, who had been bitterly spoken of by the candidate, and challenged to support statements he had made 011 the previous evening. The meeting would not hear him, however, all the appeals that could be made to its sense of fair play being of no avail. The motion was carried by a large majority. Air William Clarke was present 011 the plat form, but merely acted as fugleman-. Aii amusing, but it is stated, a most veritable snake stoiy, comes to us from Warroi Xaliock, ou the Upper Yarra. A youth of about fifteen, named Hector Turner, was out a few days ago with three of his brothers, splitting wood 011 the ranges, their temporary habitation being an old slab: hut. The young fellow was left in chaise of the place while his brothers were abroad, and to amuse himself he had brought away with him from home an accordion, with which he was wliilingaway the tedium of the day, when a tiger snake iour feet long came bounding into the hut, evidently relishing the music amazingly. The youngster was not, however, so ena mored of his visitor, and dropping his accordion he scampered out as smartly as he could to his brother's, who took his scare for make-believe, and would not credit his story of the dancing snake. Next day the lad took to his music again, hut this time it was out of doors. After. he had played a few bars of a popular melody, be saw the head and shoulders of the suake emerge from an old kangaroo-rat hole outside the hut, and bob about iu unison with the • tune; but before the reptile could bring all his folds to the surface, the involuntary charmer stopped his music, and once more summoned his brothers. The rat-hole then was dug up, and the snake being found at the bottom, he was speedily despatched. The Argus says :—" Some time ago we copied from the Leeds Mercury, a state ment with respect to the claimant of .the Tichborne estates, which certainly was "not complimentaiy to him and his pretensions. We take from the same journal, however, the following contradiction, signed by Mr S. Harwood, of Leamington :—' I am astonished to see an extraordinary report relative to the Tichborne case, in the Mer cury. It alleges that a brother of Sir Koger Tichbourne lias made some revela tion to damage the baronet and the right ful owner to his estates. I know him full well,* and was with him to the eve of his sailing for South America in September to establish his interests in his property. I am as satisfied of his identity as I am of my own existence. No impostor would or could be recognised as be has been by eveiy gentleman in Hampshire—by every tenant of tlie Tichborne estates iu existence four teen- years ago, when he first went abroad. He has no brother ; his last surviving bro ther .died two years since. Pray send me the paper containing the unfounded and mischievous statement. I hope you will be now able to peremptorily contradict it.'" The Hamilton Spectator reports that a little boy, four years of ftge, was recently lost in tlie bush. Alter two nights'expo sure, and after being without food fcr 4S hours, he was found walking briskly along as if nothing unusual bad occurred, lie must certainlv Lave been a hardy little fellow. The Launceston Examiner has the fol . lowing with respect to gold at Waterhouse: —" The excitement anent the gold dis coveries at Waterhouse has entirely sub sided, and few questions are now asked respecting it. A person who was on the ground a few days since states that Mr Williams and party were still actively em ployed in uncovering the quartz reef for the purpose of haying it tested. The washdirt thus removed was being thrown into a heap to be washed out on a future occasion." "What may be accomplished with five acres of land in the neighbourhood of Daylesford, may be seen (says the Mer cury) by a visit to Mr P. Giacommotti's vineyard, Stoney Creek, Telegraph Road. The vines, which are now in their fifth year, and comprise some forty-two different kinds, are literally loaded .with fruit. The yield is expected to be over twenty tons of grapes, which the proprietor - calculates to be worth £20 per ton, thus realising the handsome sum of £400. The site is well chosen, having an easterly aspect with rich chocolate soil. The Launceston Times, of the 26th inst, reports the following complicated case of bigamyMrs M'Cormack, .of Dcloraincj laid a charge of desertion against her hus band at the police office here, on Friday, and as he was leaving the colony by the steamer Derwent, a warrant was issued for his detention." He was arrested by the George Town police, and brought back here by the Tasmania on Saturday. The ori ginal charge is likely to give way to a more serious one—of bigamy. It appears that M'Cormack was married, a number years back, to a woman who had previously gone through that ceremony but deserted her first husband—and subsequently left M'Cormack to return to her first love. She was charged with bigamy, hut it could not be sustained, as the registry of the marriage ceremony could not be satisfac torily proved by the officiating clergyman, the Eev. II. Ilogap. The first. Mrs. M'Cormack has since resided with her first husband, leaving her second husband nn attached until he met a young lady, heiress ■to some £470 when of age. lie made her Mrs M'Cormack Ho. 2,- and managed to extract and spend the cash rather rapidly. The last £100 was withdrawn this week, and M'Cormack attempted to escape with it to Melbourne, when Mrs M'Cormack applied to the police to detain liira. M'Cormack- will be brought up at the police office on Monday. The Ballarat. Star says the government organ has discovered that in the matter of the Ballarat "West election, the Ministry' has no duty to perform save that of pre serving a strict neutrality. This : means .that the Ministry dares not interfere be cause it is afraid of defeat. There was a time'wben" the Ministry used to recommend candidates,, and Mr Higinbothani; gave "karackters." . The Herald understands that two bright ornaments of the dramatic profession have soothed their wounded feelings in a pugi listic encounter. - We learn trom Sydney:. that Messrs Montgomery, the tragique, and Barry O'Hcil, the comique, met, and a dis pute having arisen as to the merits of one or the other, or of both, the word "puppy" \- was used by one of these gentlemen. Ordinarily such an insult would have been gashed out in blood. Blood not being handy, they had recourse to fists! "Tommy Dodd " on this occasion was too much for " Hamlet." . . ' ' The, Australian Commission for examin ing witnesses in these colonies, with re fercnce to the Tichborric baronetcy, is to be opened on Friday, 30th instant, at Ilobart Town. An interesting experiment with one of Robey's improved traction engines, recently imported by Messrs Macfnrlan and Co., of Flinders-lane, was on Wednesday morning made on the Sandridge-road. ■■ The.success which has attended the application of these engines to farm work and agricnlturaVpur poses generally, suggested their adaptability: for use on common roads as a substitute for. horse-power. Several engines of the same description, manufactured by the firm of Ransome and Sims, have been imported into the colony, and have been found to answer the purposes intended admirably. Robey's. however, is the first introduced for the special purpose of traction, and is said to fie an improvement upon those made by Ransome and Sims. - The difference between them consists in the former being worked by a chain, and the latter by a spur gear. Robey's engine can be worked with wonderful facility. It weighs eight tons, and lias a nominal capacity of hauling ten tons, though capable of readily moving double that weight. : It is capable of working, up a. gradient ot one in thirty-five—of course without any weight being attached. So far as the test was applied on Wednesday, the result may. he regarded as satisfactory. An arrange ment had been made with Mr Morley and Mr Carrick to have a number of trucks ready at Sandridge to be drawn into the town by the engine. At six o'clock the engine started from Messrs Macfarlan's premises in Flinders-lane,"driven by Messrs Walker and Whitclaw, and nccompnicd by Messrs Blythe, M'Govcin, Mitchell, Curry, and Morley. It proceeded over Prince's bridge, and went in the direction of the Sandridge- road, and went very satisfac torily in the first instance, hut on arriving near the toll-gate it suddenly stopped. The cause of this was ascertained to have arisen from the heating of one of the bearings. This defect was soon rectified,- and again the engine proceeded on its way at the rate of about six miles an hour, arriving at Sandridge without any further ' accident. The great weight of the engine made 110 sensible impression on the firm macadamised roadway, and interfered but slightly with the ordinary traffic. The trucks were not readyT on the arrrival of the engine, and it was deemed advisable to'postpone any fur ther test.until Thursday. . 