DEDICATION OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. Last Sunday was a day to be long remembered by the Roman Catholic portion of this community. On that day, his Lordship, the Bishop solemnly blessed and dedicated to the service of the Most High, the building erected by them for the cele- bration of the rites of their religion. The first visit of a bishop of this communion would have been an event of importance, had he come to per- form even the usual and more ordinary duties of his pastoral charge, but the consecration of this church has an especial interest, when it is con- sidered that such a handsome building has been erected in such a short time, in a place where but a few months ago the aboriginal may have hunted in happy ignorance almost of the sight of a white man, and the wild animals grazed undistrubed by the sound of a pick, or a busy hum of an impor- tant town. To the younger members of that church this, the first visit of his Lordship, was particularly interesting and important, as a num- ber of them were prepared to receive confirmation at his hands. The large attendance on Sunday testified to the interest taken in the ceremonies of the day, not only by Catholics, but also by mem- bers of other persuasions. The building is neatly decorated in the interior, and is capable of containing a thousand people with ease. The high altar is of chaste simplicity, its chief ornament being a handsomely carved tabernacle, over which is a temporary altar-piece representing the " Man of Sorrows." Beside this altar there is another dedicated to the Blessed Virgin, ornamented with white and gauzy dra- peries that give a pleasing relief to the uniform colour of the interior walls. Above this minor altar is an Al fresco, representing the Madonna, in which are well displayed a very pleasing design, correct drawing, and skilful management of light and shade. The exterior of the building is suffi- ciently well-known to our readers, ti remains how- ever to complete it by the addition of a permanent belfry and spire. Altogether the church reflects great credit on the energy and zeal of the pastor, the building committee, and the members of the Catholic Church on this goldfield. Although wanting in the splendour and pomp which are usually displayed in continental coun- tries in Europe, where the grand ceremonial of the Church is carried out in its entirety, the ceremony of Sunday was still very impressive, and well-cal- culated to leave a lasting impression for good on the minds of all who witnessed it, and who under- stood the typical meaning of the forms prescribed by the Roman Catholic Rubric. The white-robed acolytes, the Bishop in his pontiticals, and the band of young girls, dressed in white, with chaplets and veils, formed a striking procession, not likely to be soon forgotten by those who witnessed it for the first time. At 11 o'clock, his Lordship, attended by the Rev. Father Horan, and preceded by his cross-bearer and the acolytes, and followed by those about to re- ceived confirmation, left the sacristy, went in proces- sion to the main entrance of the church, and proceed- ed to the high altar ; the attendant priest having removed the mitre, he knelt for some time in prayer, the choir meantime singing the psalm, Quam dilecta tabernacula tua, in the magnificent, Gregorian chant, so solemn and well-suited to Church music. His Lordship having again assumed the mitre, proceeded to bless the church, sprinkling the walls with holy water, and reciting the prayers prescribed the Church for the occasion. During the ceremony the choir entoned the psalms, Fun- damenta ejus in montibus, and Nisi Dominus œdigicaverit domum, witli a harmonious precision that told of great musical talent in the conductors, and intelligent assiduity in the pupils. The cere- mony of blessing the church being finished, the Veni Creator was beautifully sung by the choir, after which the Rev. Father Horan celebrated mass with the usual ceremonial. After mass, his Lord- ship made a brief but lucid explanation of the doc- trine of the Church on the sacraments, dwelling chiefly on that which he was about to administer, Confirmation—which gave strength to the recipi- ents to brave all persecution and danger for the sake of Christ and their faith, to rejoice, as did the Apostles after receiving the Holy Ghost, that they were deemed worthy to suffer for His sake. This sacrament gave them strength to follow the foot- steps of the Divine Redeemer, always bearing in mind the sublime lessons of humility, charity, and brotherly love. He had taught them by precept and example. He strongly inculcated the necessity of frequent and fervent prayer, and recourse to the sacraments of Penance and the Eucharist, without which they could not hope to maintain themselves in a state of grace, or gain that place of refresh- ment, light, and peace, that crown of glory which is reserved for those who, having fought the good fight, die in the Lord, and sleep in the sleep of Christ. His Lordship then administered confirmation to those who were prepared to receive it, about eighty, principally young persons. After the ceremony he further addressed a few words of en- couragement to those who had been confirmed to persevere in the way of religion, and of warning to parents to lead such lives as would not scan- dalise the " little ones," and incur the dread penalty pronounced on such a grievous sin. The morning service concluded with the epis- copal benediction and the solemn Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. In the evening his Lordship presided at Ves- pers, and delivered an eloquent and impressive sermon, which visibly affected many, on the Gospel of the day. The parable of the Pharisee and the Publican—in which he showed the abso- lute necessity of a meek and contrite heart, and humility in prayer—of trusling to pardon, not to our own merits, but to the infinite goodness and mercy of the Creator. They should not forget the last commandment the Reedeemer gave unto his disciples, and through them to all future genera- tions : " That ye love one another," or that Divine sermon on the mount, that subline Gospel of Christian charity and brotherly love which he had left to all to be maintained in their daily intercourse with their fellow-men. He forcibly insisted on the necessity of forgiving injuries that they might not invoke a curse instead of a blessing on their heads when they daily prayed to the Saviour " Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive them that trespass against us." The Vespers concluded with the Solemn Bene- diction. 