EYENTS OE THE MONTH. A oonoeut in aid of tho Wiokham-torraco Anglican Church organ fund, at tho School o£ Arts, on March 9, was a decided success. Thoro was a good attendance, and tho programmo soemed to givo entire satisfaction to the au dienco. Tho soloctions wero exclusively from Handel's oratorio "Tho Messiah," and Haydn's " Creation." Whoro everything was so well done it is almost invidious to particularise, but it is only simplo justice to say that the ohorusos woro well sustained, and givon with great pre- cision and ellcct. It is somo timo sinco Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson appeared boforo a Brisbano audi- ence, but wo trust that tho success of tho concert will induce thom to givo us another entor taimnont beforo long, and, in arranging tho pro- grammo, wo hopo Mrs. Atkinson will bo sot down for a numbor of littlo ballads. If o con- cert of this kind is givon, it requires no prophet to prouounco that it will bo successful. The anniversary servicos of the South Bris- bano Wesloyim Sunday-school woro celebratod on Fob. 21. Tho Rov. R. T. Wood preached in tho morning, and tho Rev. B. Q-. Wilson in tho evening ¡ and, in tho aftornoon, Mr. Fletcher Long gave an address to tho ohildron and friends. Tho ohildron sang suitable hymus at each ser vico in iirst-rato stylo. Tho congregations throughout tho day woro largo, and tho collec- tions good. On tho following Tuesday a public ton- mooting was hold in tho church. Tbo trays (which rcliectod tho bigliost credit on tho caterors) wore providod by tbo ladies* of tho congregation, and tho building was crowded to ovorllowiug. Tho public mooting was proaidod ovor by Mr. G-. W. Rogors, who, at tbo closo of a nent speech, called upon tho secretary of tho school to road tbo roport. From it wo learn that tho number of scholars is 200, with IG toaoliors. Tho diflloulty of obtaining efliciont instruction for tho senior classes was dwelt upon, as by rccont removals tho stall' of teachers had boon woakonod. Tho Rev. I. Harding, and Mossrs. Long, Frosor, and Lado, gavo longthy and interesting addresses, which wero varied by pieces admirably sung by tho Bohool childron. Votos of thanks having boon accorded to tho ladies who presided at tho tea, and to Messrs. Nicklin and Smith, for training tho ohildron to sing, tho meeting was brought to a closo about 10 o'clock. Tho noxt day (Wednesday) tbo school children had thoir annual trout. 200 of thom, accompanied by thoir tcachors, proceeded in tho aftornoon to a largo Held kindly placed at their disposal for the occasion by T. B. Stephons, Esq., whero thoy woro joinod by a number of friends, and spout tho aftornoon in various amusements. In tho ovening thoy returned to tbo church, whoro bountiful provision was mado for all. Sovcral of lho tooohors gavo addresses afterwards, to the amusement and ploasuro of tho juvcniloB. Somo pieces of music woro also rendered with good tasto, and tho ovonmg'a proceedings wero brought to a oloso about 9 o'clock by the doxology and benediction. Tub anniversary of tho eight hours' movo mcnl waa colobratod at tho Union Hotel, Forti- tude Valloy, on March 1, whon about forty per- sons sat down to a very oxcollont supper, voll arranged and admirably Borvod. Mr. R. W. Ruffel! occupied lho choir, and Mr. Geo. Ely tho vico-ohuir. Aftor tho cloth was drawn, tho usual loyal and patriotic toiiBts woro proposed by tho oliiiirman, and drunk willi rathol- moro than tho usual outliusiiiBin. The toast of tho ovoning-" Succoss to tho Eight Houra' Movo mont" was proposed by Mr. RulToll. Ho said : Whon lho presont colobration was dotormiucd upon it was decided by tho committoo of ma nugcinont Hint Mr. Bligh should bo invited to take tho chair, but when a deputation waited upon bim to inform him of tho fact, Mr. Pugh said, that owing to a pross of busi- ness ho was not oblo to attend, and as no othor gonllomiin of position could be pro- cured to prosida on tho occasion, tho duty hod fallon upon bim. Ho would lmvo beon vory ploasod to havo soon ii moro influential man Ulan himBolf in tho chair on suoh an occasion, bocauflo ho thought it was a movement winch ought to command lho attention of some of tho loading mon of lho colony. With respect to tho present celebration, it bad boen said that it ought to huvo boon of such a chiu-aclei- 113 would havo enabled tho mon to bring their wives and swcotlietirts to join with thom iu tho holiday. This, no doubt, would have boen an improvomonl, but lho doprossion undor which lho Irados woro now Bullering provontcd tho committoo from undortaking tho respon- sibility of any such soborno. Another your ho hoped tho Biipportors of tho olght hours' movement would bo able lo moko arrungometita for celebrating tho anniversary in Illa way propoeod. Ho should havo boon glad to havo Boon bohío of the advocates of tho early closing movement presont, but thoy had hold aloof. Ho was glad, however, lo boo bo many prosout, and bo hoped that next year thoy would bo ohio to celébralo lho day in a still moro satisfactory manner. Tho toast was duly honored, and tho remainder of tho ovening was »pent in 11 conviviul manner. A convocation of tho companions of lho St. Patrick's Royal Aroh Cbaptor, was hold in tho Masouio Hall, on Monday, Maroh 15, when tho following companions woro installed ofllcora of tbo chapter for lho ensuing year:-Com- panion W. If. 0. Wilson, M.E. King ; Com- panion Sir M. C. O'Counoll, High Priest; Com- panion J. H. Waugh, Chief Scribo ; Companion JO. Mao Donncll, M.E. Past King ; Companion W. II. A. Hirst, Captain of tho Host; Com- panion S. BereiiB, Superintendent of tho Tubor noelo; Companion AV. Wobstor, Royal Arch Captain-, Companion 15. F. Hart, Captain of Seorlut Veil; Companion T. J. H. Nusscy, Captain of l'urplo Veil ¡ Companion Thomas Finney, Captain of Bluo Veil ¡ Companion L. ,1. Bymo, Janitor ; Companion E. Mao Ponnoll, Treasurer ¡ Companion A. R. II. Piotzokor, Registrar. Brother Companion E. Mac Donncll, M.E.P.K., acted as installing oflicor. A lad named Alfred Goodey was drowned, off the Corporation Wharf, Ann-street, about 4 o'clock p.m. on Mureh 17. It appears that in company with four other lads, he undressed for the purpose of bathing. Having dived from an old punt, when he came to the surface, his comrades noticed signs of distress, when a youth, named George Fowles, jumped in to his rescue, caught him by the arm, but being unable to sustain him, let him go, and he dis- appeared. Information was given to the police, and Sergeant Manion obtained the services of several neighbors,also four blackfellows, after diving repeatedly they were unable to find the body. A son of Major Stevens, a very expert swimmer, also rendered assistance. The body was recovored next day. Tin: psoudo Count Von Atteins has madot'10 following (¡onfession to tho authorities in Soura baya :-"That his roal mimo ¡b Kurt Schmolz, and 22 years of ago ; that from hil sixteenth year ho commenced his earcor of rascality and swindling, und tint in 1807, under tho name of Count Von .Sehünborii, ho discounted drafts in Amsterdam which wero bo woll imitated that tho forgery was not discovered until I wo days after thoy hod been coshed in London. A Hutavian paper of November 29 stotos further, that un attempt was mado by him to escapo from tho gaol nt Sourabaya -, ho was disguised ¡11 tho clothing of his Borvant, and had got as far os lho outor goto of tho prison, whon a .fovoneso watchman laid hold of bim, and with tho assistanco of tho military guard brought him back to liia placo of conflnomont. It is also Btutod in another paper that tbo Ifamlot's Ghost was sold at pubiio auction on Pecomber 4 for 2500 guilders, whioh is about JC20S." The Warwick Examiner, of tho Gth March, says :-" Ilia Kxcollonoy tho Governor was for two or threo days of his visit to Warwick tho guest of JA J. C. Wildash, Esq., of Canning Downs. During his stay on tbo station ho visited various parts o( lho run, aud spont a considerable timo in niipoctiiig tho scouring Bbcd and buildings connootod with it. Ile appeared deeply intorostcd in tho mannor in which tho wool was got up, and took two sam- ples away with bim. no also drovo somo littlo tlistauoo on tho plain, whoro ho had a good view of Boveral of tho farms upon S wau Crook aud I tho Agricultural Rosorvo." 