COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE PROF. . HUME AT CIRCULAR HEAD . (From our own Correspondent.) Mr. Hume, the. weollknown phrenologist and mesmerist 'arrived 'at Circular Head on the occas-, sion of the Annie's lost trip. He has since been giving a series of lectures on phrenology and exhi- bitlons of his powers ea a•mesmerist, at the Stanley Reading Rooms; and has had on every occassion a crowded house. At Mr. Hume's first lecture the gentler sex was feebly, represented,, there being perhaps; some 'doubts entertained ,as to the amount of danger to" be oicouontered through' proploinquity to so terrible as'nintiolan. Th'l ladies, however-in the, oaasse of soledce-ghl. lantly adventured their Inferlor halves within the influence of, the "evU eye," and, doubtlles encouraged by their'repbr s, attended personally, and in great force lassr'nght, I regret that, having taken no notes, I can only from memory give a-faint outline of Mr. IHomo's last evening s leoture, It consisted, howeveor, o an able defence of'phrenology, with toiling re. pilei'to objoctionbwhlch' its opponents havejat various times advanced. Mr. II,. contended that every passion and yvery human ,qtuality or oharactrlitio most hot' through the instrumen. tality'fl the btrain-that'1 senwe 'talked of a great heart, or a large.hearted man, the language was merely,.figuratile, the quality of benovoleuie being really dependant upon tihe size and healthy asction eta certain portion of the brain. IIo Illus. trated this by stating that the illot might have a large heart and large lnnge, and oan enormous etomach, 'and,. yetl 'bp devoid i of benevolent feellnns, Hle contended that by cultivating our' eat qualitioes we could increase the size of the brain, as the.smith by constant use naroeases tihe esize of hils ardsi (thlrough' the circulation of the blood renewing the exhausted tissues), and that this increase of portions ofthe brain wohld, In Its turn, offeot.the shape of the skuhell, While on this point Mr. H. exhibited the skull of an aboriginal, stated that they were always found to be thoroughly opaquewhile the skull of an intellectual European was found to be semi-trans;s parent in those. portions brought into immediate contact with the most highly cultivated organs of the brain. Ar. I.' coholuded an able analysis of his subject by exhorting his auodience to bear these foota isnmlnd, and by the diligent cultirn. tion of their beet faculties to endeavour to become true men spd true women. , , After in literval often minutes Mr.ýfIume iianipolatid ithi beeds of some prieity woll'known residents, delioneating their obara6tors 'with"nir. vellous precision. . ., I. . , ' ++ Then commenced the exhibition of Mr Il's. wonderful power over 'then minds and wills of those who liav'oncoc submitted to his ioflnence. Souddenly elretqling forth his hands-assuming a somewhat weird attltadoe; and with words :and gestures of invocation, he summoned from the audience two young moen who had on previous occasions been operateld on by him. Up rose one on tbhe'left,'ad while gazing 'fixedly and with dilated pupils upon the operator, ho glided ghost-, like from seat to seat on to the platform i the figureof the otilier, who-rose on the opposite side of the room, soemed.more collapsed. His eyees were closed, and he only succeeded in overcoming an obstaclo in his way on being told that hs foeet were burning. The two at length reached the ploat form. ' As elmilar 'exhibitions have been given In .Launceston it will ba: unnecessary for me to describe that which immediately ensued. I con fess a somewhat painful feeling at witnessing the absolute submission of mnind qad will on the part of these two subjects to the mind and will of the operator; But though It appeared to me a " pile oneus spectacle," I am bound to bear:witness to the fct,. I willingly ,recalled a statement of Mr. lIumi'., made on the occasion of. his first loctuero, to the effect that' if he thouglit that nothlIg but amrusement would eventually spring, from mos. merlem, he would cease to exhibit; but that hle looked forward with hope to :the time whon it would become a powerful agency in removing the diseases to which man is liable. 'However delu sive this hope may possibly prove, the roe mark conveyed to your correspondent's mind the conviction that Mr.. l. s i sensible of the roe eposniblilty attending Ithe use or abuse of the power he possesses. But Iti has occurred to me that Mr. iI might at least effect some moral '_res. -Why should he not throw that man who refused tosign my subscription list the other day, and whi6 truly observed that liis organ of acqnlsl tiveness wis exeessive,into a mesmerlosleep,exclte his benevolent foolings, make him give away im. actgiunary turkeys withlout end, and then wake him up with my sebscription list staring him in the face, Would not the actionof hib organ of beoe volence contiinue, a 'moral cure be effected which should last at least long enough for bla to sign the bond,. or would Iie ,benevolence pass away., with the sleep that produced it? .Mr. Houme having given. hi last evening's entertasin merit on behalf oft the Reading Room Building Fund, a vote of. thnoke was proposed by Mr. Mason, seconded by Mr. Spicer, and (opon the eoggestion of thi Chairman,tbe Rev. -I. E.Drew) carried by acclamation, thte nadlnce rising on masse: ,T'he receipts amounted to £7 18s. "April 0. 