PROGRESS OF ROMANISM, The following will please those sleepy and; charitable Protestants who think that priests and bishops and popes should he left alone to push their way, and that. it is: uncharitableness and violence to raise dis putes and warnings on the doctrines of Popery. The " charity" of those charita- ble Protestants is exemplified in their standing by and seeing people swept into the vortex of false religion and destroying error, without raising their voice of warn ing or instruction to save the young, the foolish and the ignorant, or to rescue their country from, the spreading plague : — Roman Catholicism in the Diocese op Westminster.— Archbishop Manning has just issued " A Pastoral Letter to the Clergy and Laity of the Diocese of West minster for Trinity Sunday." " The breathing of the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Life," says the archbishop, " has sensi bly gone forth over England/ We feel it like the coming of spring. God has his purposes for us ; and there are some even now in the midst of us who will perhaps see what a1 few years ago the most hopeful hardly dreamed." The Archbishop states that " through the zeal of our clergy and the generosity ot our flock, ne fewer than eleven churches will soon have been added to the diocese since Trinity Sunday last. The Church of the Guardian Angels was opened in the cast of London, last Decem ber. The little church of Ongar, in Essex, was opened in the last month, Fivcare at this moment in the course of erection another has been already completed ; and the first stone of four others will soon he laid. The new church at Sunbury will be opened while these words arc being read torday. The noble Church of our Lady of Victories, at Kensington, will be : completed in about six weeks ; the Church of Barking will he opened without delay / the church at Southend, ought to; he com pleted by August' -next ; the .church , at . West Drayton is rapidly advancing. The first stone of a; fine church will be laid before long at Holloway ; in, a. little while a church will be begun at Harwich and at Bow ; and the church ,,and seminary .for. Foreign Missions at Mill Hill.'? . , ; 