FORTY SHILLINGS AND COSTS. I had been all day trying to get from Aveminister to Chelchester by a country line, a London line, and a branch line of railway. In the first place, as the country line only ran three trains a day, passenger and goods together, necessitating weary shuntings at every station, we could hardly be said to have made a good start. In the next place, the strategic arrangement whereby the London line managed invari- ably to start its trains five minutes before the arrival of the "up"-country train, making us wait for two hours at Marlbury Junction, to spite the country company, scarcely tended to rapid progress. In the third place, as it always happens to be the aim of a traffic- manager to endeavour to drive passengers on to the main line, and to visit with all possible retributive delays the hostile British public when it will travel on a branch, we could not be con- sidered to have made up for lost time on the branch. In the fourth place, it didn't help us forward to be compelled to travel one hundred and twenty-seven miles round-about in a parabola, in order to reach Chelchester, which, at starting, was only fifty-eight miles from Aveminister. In the fifth and last place, we were not got to Chelchester yet ; and it would have been money in my pocket if I never had. "Swinbro' — Swinbro'. Change here for Marchmont and Nutchley. Change here!" Almost time for a change, I reflected, considering I had been nine hours out on a journey of fifty-eight miles, and was still far off from my destination. Looking out from my window of a first-class compart- ment, I saw it was a cheerless, drizzling night, and the railway porters were stream- ing in the misty air as they hurried to and fro past the gleam of the lamps. Remons- trating with the guard respecting our train being nearly an hour late, and the time past eleven at night, he soothed my irrita- tion by telling me gruffly I had no business on a branch line, if I wanted to go any- where ; and if I would go to out-of-the-way places like Chelchester, I must be very thankful if the company put themselves to the expense of taking me there at all, con- sidering branches didn't pay to work as a rule. A solitary passenger then entered my carriage, or rather was banged into it by the guard. Another minute, and the guard had banged himself into his van, emitting the growl: "Change here!" Our fiery and restive iron steed, no doubt weary with its headlong career of fall twelve miles an hour, gave a heroic neigh of triumph, re- sembling a feeble crow, in emulation of past exploits, in days long before it was condemned to transportation on a branch, and dragged us off into the bleak night. My companion was a tall, thin, middle- aged man, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple, concluded below the chin by a stiff satin cravat. In a dress, tight-fitting, and of ancient and faded black, he looked altogether like a man who had run very much to seed, which perhaps ac- counted for the luxuriant growth of his arms and legs. Observing his clothes streaming with the damp air, I began to realise it was very chilly. It certainly was. "Quite a change in the weather," I re- marked. "Very cold to-night, is it not ?" "Don't feel the cold myself. Perhaps you would like to change places with me. There is no draught here." I replied I should be very pleased to do so, if not to his inconvenience ; and accord- ingly we changed seats. It was cold, and no mistake. I must have taken a chill, for I felt the cold creep- ing over me in a most unaccountable man- ner. Looking at my companion on the oppo- site seat, on whom the lamp-light now shone full, I saw that his face was not so thin, nor his features so withered, as I had at first supposed ; and I must have made a mistake as to his age, for he was by no means so old as I had previously judged. How cold it was to be sure ! As I con- tinued to look at him, I noticed his aspect changed momently — that he was growing younger ; that the wrinkles in his face were filling out, and smoothing down ; and that he was gradually becoming, like some one I had seen before. As his cheeks grew round and ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown, before my very eyes, I became in such a state of nervous agita- tion that I endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I was paralysed with the cold—cold that seemed to make my limbs rigid and, and numb my vitals; for I saw the man sitting before me was no longer a stranger — no mere friend or acquaintance : he had become ME ! I held out my hands, to try and shut out the sight, and as I did so, saw they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them on my brow, to see if I were dreaming ; but I found it shrivelled, and seamed, and puckered. And I knew that this man, this fiend, had stolen my body, and given me his. Maddened with the discovery I rose to my feet—his feet— which swayed beneath me, and I struck wildly at the vision of myself on the other seat. But I found myself light as vapour, for they passed over his body, which went through them, giving me the impression of pain. It was a body of shade that had been given me for my own body of flesh and blood, which this wretch had stolen. By some sorcery or other, we had indeed changed places. "Sorcerer-demon" I cried out, only to hear myself speaking with his sharp, cracked voice. When I saw myself sitting opposite to me, coolly; addressing me in my own voice, I could no longer credit my senses, if indeed I had any of them at all left of mv own. "Daresay you think you are speaking loud now," he said. I answered by calling the guard as loudly as I could halloo. "Ah, you might call a good deal louder than that, if the carriage were full of pas- sengers, and they could no more hear you than they could see you," he continued, chuckling and screwing up my features into, a hideously knowing grin, such as I could never make them assume. "You see, my friend, yours is a body of air, of shadow, insensible, impalpable to all but myself, just as it was to all but you when I entered the carriage. You wish perhaps to know who I am? Well, two years ago to-night, I was a passenger by this very up-maiL There was a collision with a stupid down- goods, you see, and the result was that several passengers were injured. One of them was— well, it's no use mincing mat- matters— killed on the spot. Quite so : it was I. Yes, I am what you call a ghost, though we consider the word rather infra dig. amongst ourselves and have a better term for it. Now I have told you what I am, you will like to know what I want? Yery good. You shall see." The ghost in my body then began to feel in my pockets, from which he drew out my meerschaum, loaded it from my pouch, and lighted it with one of my Vesuvians. "Ah," he proceeded, whiffing the weed rapidly, "you smoke very good stuff— Golden Leaf and Returns : not a bad mix- ture, though I prefer a little Latakia with it myself.— Not at all a bad body yours either," he went on, eyeing the form in which he was sitting— "not at all a bad body ; and it fits me to a T, only a little short in the arms. By the way, I find one of your front teeth a little loose, so don't say I did that, when you come to yourself again; and your nose is a iittie too long for me, but I daresay it blows none the worse for that." I shuddered as I saw him take out my handkerchief, and use it on that cherished organ of mine. "Yes, I daresay, you feel the cold a little; I did ait first ; but it's nothing when you are used to it. I find your body very hot —being heavier than I am accustomed to wear ; but it won't be for long. I require it 'positively for this night only,' as you say in your playbills; and will return it uninjured by the time we get to Chelches- ter. By the by, let me beg you to be a little careful how you throw your arms about so much as you did just now, for my body is of a more delicate construction than yours ; and being so thin in substance, I am afraid you will scag it under the arm- pits. You will observe, ladies and gentle- men," he went on in lecturer's style, " that if I take a lighted Vesuvian, and insert it in the corner of the patient's eye, he will feel no pain." Saying this, my dreadful companion proceeded to illustrate his re- mark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with a burning match. I felt no pain as the match burned in my head, certainly. "You will allow, after all you see, that my shape has its advantages," the ghost proceeded; "but it also has its disadvan- tages. Try the pipe now." I tried to take the pipe ; it dropped through my va- poury fingers. He placed it in my mouth; I could not hold it, nor get a whiff from it "Precisely so," said the ghost. "Now, this is just what brought me here to-night A great smoker all my life, doing my six pipes a day regularly, I have been defunct these two years— and during all that time I did ...? draw r : ;^;^; ?c--x----:?^-:::l. 7 ^ ES, T'jZ wLL' tl^dir-stiL-2 : ?-ii V. i.'-= 2'. yerjfA bv a B»H of lyirsvv.ri. wi.s- — - tbifedirs i» cjile *--jca. n uu.: vf ^.'.-r: ?'/: your yvzi Ctj P^-ii.' TU:* ii * sr.--.ir. vf bodies kept rjz, p^rp-^i fr i=L.£'.rr. »?. that if you want -i^t 4 ;--:piu y.z ~iz~. c ^.v. «it -?;' ti^ ?»;;*? *. ^7 :- --^ - .r' will Vj^liire, -J:-: '-.-r-^J ^ *?'- z.-^:r.-.-Lr-y vjrJ£.~jiW. K =.*r*. -.Is dicj^-i :ii*. *— *??: i-- n',- ^Li'/« «t 4t-ir'»-r f.r s t^^ ~. -~- -' get ai. Ktvt*. ^1*2 I V^kTrA '--?: &J7.--;'.?. zll tie V/dies were oct is ^k, 2--d t»'.-'.r-=a fourteen years in. advisee. Mr sin.^ ii= been downr. ot: ti» ty»ki f jt *.-»??; y«&ri.; iii there are to likelihood of cr geTti^j a boij h\\.,\vA m -ziAis vxritit t«*-«r. -^*'- Every two years witth at s i=i-i* ' *S~-.V, eir, tlU -SJXj'jiyi'Jr^iz ?/. trj &A.;~: s -:-^- they wasted explain the reasons why we put up with each of the imita ting ment is the other world be- cause we have become so used to it that Our crnr-*rt-2ti are however, are being un- dermined to that extent that the Board has at last been egress by popular feing into passing a measure empowering ghosts to render themselves visible to single inter- veral at a time in order that they may effect an exchange of bodies for short periods, aiways with the consent of the person in question, for the purpose of in- dulging in a habit which the directors cannot, however, but characterise as perni- cious and injurious. Under the new act I obtained your body. "You never had my consent, fiend. !" I cried. "It is vulgar to call names, my friend, the ghost replied, smoothing my moustache with my fingers. "but you are trifling. I asked you to change places with me, and you agreed, as you must be well aware. — But, dear me, here we are at Chelchester however, I must finish my pipe—think of two years, and not a blessed draw, my friend." The train was pulling up. My com- panion leaned out of the window, puffing fast and furious. "Plenty of time to change bodies," he said: "it shall be done in an instant, as soon as the train stops." And he continued leaning out, and whiffing away great clouds of smoke, till we came to the platform. He hurriedly knocked out the ashes of the tobacco on the door-rail, as the guard cried : "Change here — change here ; all change here, if you piease." A sudden glow of warmth seemed to pass over me as I rubbed my eyes, and found, to my great delight, my own smooth hands against my own unwrinkled cheeks. I looked up for my companion—he was gone. — I was alone in the carriage. I was greatly surprised, when I got on the platform, at being asked for my card by a very officious person; still more so, on receiving a magistrate's summons in the morning. The officious person deposed that he was the Secretary of the Anti- tobacco Alliance, and applied for a con- viction against the undersigned, under one of the by-laws of the company, for smoking in a railway carriage, the property of the D. E. F. G. Company, contrary to their regulations. He declared to have seen me (only think !) — me leaning out of the car- riage as it came into the Chelchester Sta- tion, smoking a meerschaum pipe ! The guard gave evidence that the carriage cer- tainly smelled very strongly of tobacco on arriving at Chelchester, and that I was the only first-claas passenger. A meerschaum pipe, answering the officious person's de- scription, was found on my person. Case was clear. Fined forty shillings and costs. Nay, more— this case of smoking in a rail- way carriage has been gibbeted at all the stations in the line — where I am hung up as a caution and warning to the British Publc, in a solemn black frame, with my name and address, and the amount of the penalty enforced, at full length. It would have been useless to attempt to dispute the case before the magistrates, It is something to have one's-self right with ' the public. 