CHURCH OF ENGLAND. DIOCESAN SYNOD. WEDNESDAY, 21ST APRIL, 180!). SECOND DAY [ The Synod met at 2.30 p.m. Several members attended who were not present yesterday. Prayers having been offered by the Right Rev. the President, The minutes of the last day's proceedings were read and confirmed. NOTICES. Notices of motion were given by Mr. Groom, Mr McC. Browne, Dr. Butler, Archdeacon Davies, Rev. P. H. Cox, Rev. A. Davenport, PAPERS. Archdeacon DAVIES laid on the table a report of churches, school-rooms, parsonage-house, race, in the Archdeaconry of Hobart Town, in accordance with the rules and regulations, and including account of endowments and insurances. At a later period of the sitting, the report was read and ordered to be printed. MOTIONS. DUTIES OF CU ORCHWARDENS. The Rev. F. HUDSPETH, pursuant to notice, moved a resolution " That it be a part of the duty of Churchwardens to keep order in church ; during divine worship, and, if necessary, to remove offenders from the church." The Hon. Mr. KENNERLEY said it was an implied condition that Churchwardens should keep order in church, but he would like to know if it would be legal to turn out an offender The CHURCH ADVOCATE had no doubt it was competent to remove an offender here as well as in England. The PRESIDENT : You think it would be right for a churchwarden to turn out an offender without the intervention of the policeman The CHURCH; ADVOCATE : No doubt of it. The motion was then agreed to. PRAYER FOR THE GOVERNOR. Mr. HUDSPETH also moved " that the Bishop be requested to compile a short Suffrage for introduction and use in the Litany, instead of the prayer for the Governor as at present ordered to be said Archdeacon DAVIES submitted that such a question could not be entertained by them. Rev. Mr. BURROWS thought an alteration was required, and said there was a Suffrage in Victoria, which took about a couple of lines. The PRESIDENT remarked that in England, Bishops were accustomed to draw up prayers on special occasions, and in this colony prayers had been prepared by the Bishop at the request of the Synod. Some years ago be (the Bishop) had wished to make a Suffrage for the purpose intended, and he consulted his council of advice, which approved of it. He thought it could be done. The CHURCH ADVOCATE said there was as much right to make the alteration as to introduce the prayer now used. He took occasion to refer to the word "established" church in the prayer now used, which did not apply to the church in this colony, seeing we had no church estab- lished" in the sense intended. Rev. Mr. DOBSON said, when he came to this colony the then Bishop (Nixon) handed to him two forms of prayer, telling him he could use either one, omitting the words " established" and he had used that one ever since. The PRESIDENT said he had remarked that Mr. Dobson was the only clergyman in the diocese who had used a different prayer. (A laugh.) Rev. Mr. Cox proposed a modification of the resolution, which was adopted by Mr. Hudspeth, the prayer to be used optionally. After a few words from the Rev. Mr. EASTMAN and other members, the resolution as amended was agreed to. BAPTISMAL SPONSORS. Mr. HUDSPETH moved another resolution according to notice, " that the Bishop be requested to define how far the Rubric No. 2, respecting sponsors, which prefaces the office for public baptism, shall be relaxed or insisted upon," his object being to rnduootho number of sponsors in certain cases. Rev. F. H. Cox raised a point of order, and a discussion took place, the Archdeacon observing that the rule of Bishop Nixon was to baptize the child, even if there were a difficulty as to sponsors. The President said it was a matter for the Provincial Synod, and he hoped the clergy would not relax their efforts to have sponsors where they could be obtained. Rev. Mr. Taylor said his Lordship's predecessor had advised him to use the office of private baptism in certain cases, where there was a difficulty in procuring sponsors. The President thought the discussion was taking a course not exactly in order ; he advised the mover to withdraw the resolution, and invited the clergy to communicate with him on the question. The resolution was then withdrawn. Mr TARLETON, pursuant to notice, moved, " That it is essential to the efficient discharge of the duties of country clergymen that the means should be afforded them of keeping a horse, and that, if possible, forage allowances should be granted in all country euros." The mover considered the resolution of more importance than a matter of £ s. d. The stipends were inadequate to permit the clergy to keep a horse, but it was desirable that in the country every facility should be afforded them to visit their parishioners with more frequency. Rev, G. Banks SMITH seconded, and said the only difficulty he had was, where the funds were to come from The PRESIDENT said there was great need of smell a provision, but the question was whether it should be left to the voluntary principle. Mr. Sharland, Dr. Butler, Rev. G. Eastman, and Mr. R. Green, took part in a discussion, in which it was suggested that the resolution should be paused, and that the Finance Committee should be instructed to make arrangements with the parishes, and include the same in the estimates they had been requested to prepare. The resolution, as altered according to the mayor's suggestion, was then carried. STATE-AID COMMUTATION ACT. Dr. VALENTINE, pursuant to notice, was called upon to move the resolution in his name on the paper. He asked permission to make an addition to it, as Mr. Davenport, in given the notice for him, had omitted a portion, and he desired to state his reasons. After a brief discussion, and it being stated by the Church Advocate that it was usual in Parliament to allow a member to amend a motion of which he had given notice, the resolution was amended, and was read as follows: " That this Synod, the first assembled after the passing of the State-aid Commutation Act, having anxiously and prayerfully considered its objects and character as bearing upon the Church of God, declares that it cannot with a clear conscience, as before God, participate in its provisions, for the following reasons : 1. Itisnowhoro enjoined either by our Lord or His Apostles that it is the duty of the State to support His Church, nor is the Church encouraged to look for or expectancy support. 2\. We are distinctly instructed by St. Paul that we must not do evil that good may come." 3\. The State Aid Commutation Act, by endow- ing truth and error, idolatry, and the worship of the true God, as alike worthy of assistance, does do evil in the most deliberate and public manner, and it is not possible that a branch of our Lord's own Church, through its highest assembly under the precedency and guidance of its Chief Pastor, can be guilty of conniving at this great sin by participating of the fruit of such an unholy compact, without forfeiting His favor. 4. Because, " even so hath the Lord also ordained that they who proach the Gospel should live of the Gospel." This Synod there fore declines availing itself of the provisions of the State-aid Commutation Act, preferring rather" to trust to the gracious promises of our Lord, whose last words before he ascended to the Father wore, " All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you. And lo, I am with you alway even unto the end of the world." Dr. VALENTINE then said it was scarcely necessary to remind the Synod that he had opposed the Act from the first ; he petitioned the Parliament against it, and he petitioned the Queen, of course, without eil cot. The last step was about to be taken ; the church had not yet accepted of it, the church had not been consulted, and had never taken counsel on it it was not the motor the chu roll as far as it had gone hitherto. But they were now about to decide whether they should accept it, in fact, whether they should countenance) idolatry or not. It was not confined to their own branch of the church, it was a much wider question. There was a question in England as to whether the Irish Church should be disendowed, and if that were agreed to, thou the question would arise what should be done with the funds One party would propose that it should go towards the endow- ment of popery, and if they, the Synod, wore to repudiate that connivance with popery, they would assist and strengthen the hands of those who were opposed to it and by such an example they might be enabled to overcome the desire for the Uúwudowwcut of the Irish Church, and the endowment of popery. They could not tell the consequences which might flow from the action they were now going to take. It was said they were about to make a great sacrifice ; they were I if he (Dr. Valentine) were successful with his motion, a sacrifice of pounds, shillings, and pence, but they would preserve their truthful- ness, their faithfulness, and their consistency, and thereby they would honor their God, and it would be an act of cowardice, and want of faith to dread the consequences of their act. Let them look at that noble example of the Scotch Church a few years ago, when some 400 ministers, rather than violate their consciences and principle, gave up everything and walked out of that hall without knowing where to obtain sustenance. And how well they had prospered ! God had prospered them most wondrously, increased them, and they were one of the most thriving churches in the world. He believed it was the richest church in Victoria, they out- numbered the old church which they left and that was the reward of their faith. He (Dr. Valentine) called on that Synod to exercise that faith, to trust in their God, and refuse that unworthy support which was offered them. It never would have been done if members of the Church of England had not countenanced it they were parties to it individually, but not yet as a church. Should they, as a church, sanction it. He trusted that church would set an example, prove faithful to their God. Rev. J. BURROWES seconded the motion that it might be discussed. Rev. G. EASTMAN said he always thought Dr. Valentine was a-radical, and he thought if the principle of the resolution were to prevail, they stood committed to return every shilling they had received from the Government and, therefore, they ought to return all monies they had received before they discussed the present question. No other member wishing to speak to the motion, the President said if they all agreed with Dr. Valentine in his view he hoped they would all follow the exact course which Dr. Valentine indicated. The question was put and unanimously negatived. ".. .|;, ALTERATIONS IN CHURCH FABRICS, 50. Rev. A DAVENPORT moved, pursuant to notice. "That the following regulation be substituted for clause g, section II in the body of regulations concerning the duties of churchwardens : To obtain the written sanction of the Bishop for any proposed important alteration in the fabric, furniture, or ornaments of the church, and to take care that no such alterations be made without the joint consent of the minister and the churchwardens, provided, 1. That if the minister and the churchwarden disagree about any such altera- tion the matter shall be referred to the Bishop, whose decision given in writing shall be final. 2. That any work concerning which the minister and thechurchwardensdiRagreo be suspended until the decision be given. 3. That any alteration agreed upon by the minister and the churchwardens, but not having received the Bishop's written sana tion,beimmediately forboriioordiscoutinuediftho Bishop disallow it by a written prohibition addressed to the churchwardens." The reverend gentleman explained his object to be to prevent alterations which might be open to exception, without the authority of the Diocesan. Mr. W. S. SHARLAND seconded. Rev. Mr. BROWNRIGG opposed the motion, and referred to the alterations of St. John's Church, Launceston, which had been rendered necessary to provide accommodation, and to which the Bishop had objected. The BISHOP took the opportunity of saying he believed no law was broken by the incumbent or churchwardens, and no charge was made against them. Mr. BROWNRIGG was glad to hear his lordship say that, in Synod, and he was of opinion that the liberty of congregations would be interfered with by the alteration of the law ; he desired to state the alterations at St. John's had nothing to do with the teaching. Mr. GREEN should also vote against the resolution, for several reasons, especially that the proposal interfered with the rights of the laity. The so called alteration of the situation of the pulpit of St. John's, Launceston, which the Bishop had objected to, was only a restoration, a replacing of the pulpit where it formerly stood. Rev. G. Banks SMITH wished to know if the Bishop had not the same power here as the Bishop of Sydney, who had interfered with Christ Church 1 The PRESIDENT said the Chief Justice had gi you his opinion that the Bishop of Sydney had exceeded his power. At the same time he said he was not aware this resolution was to be brought forward, and he regretted that allusion had been made to St. John's, Launceston. Mr. TARLETON supported the resolution for the protection of congregations. The CHURCH ADVOCATE said it would be a very strong power to place in the hands of the Bishop, the authority to interfere with the wishes of the congregation in matters of this kind, and he doubted very much whether it was right to enable him to over-ride the incumbent and the whole of the congregation. It was very questionable whether it was safe to pass such a regulation. The PRESIDENT The only object the Bishop can have is to preserve uniformity. The CHURCH ADVOCATE : Some Bishops, my lord. Rev. F. H. Cox opposed the motion, as he did not think Mr. Davenport had made out a case for the proposed regulation. (Hear, hear.) The PRESIDENT said, had the bishop of this diocese the same power that other bishops had, all those disagreements which had arisen at St. John's, Launceston, would have been avoided. The resolution was negatived. FORM OF STATISTICAL RETURN. Rev. A. DAVENPORT, pursuant to notice, moved "That the Rev. F. H. Cox, the Rev. H. B. Bromby, Mr. Solly, Mr. J. McC. Browne, and the mover, be appointed a select committee, to sit during the recess, with instruction to prepare a form of statistical return to be made up by the incumbent of every cure from year to year and that it shall be the duty of the secretary to compile the information contained in such returns, and to present it to the Synod to be printed with the record of every session : Resolution IV. of 1860 being hereby rescinded." Rev. G. Banks SMITH seconded the resolution. Rev. F. HUDSPETH moved that the report be brought up during the session. Rev. F. H. Cox seconded the amendment which the mover adopted, and the resolution as amended was adopted. FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT. Rev. G, Banks SMITH moved, pursuant to notice, " That the financial affairs of the Southern Archdeaconry be entrusted to a Committee consisting of the Bishop, the Archdeacon, Clergy and Lay synodsmen of the Archdeaconry, subject to all regulations of the Synod a resolution of 1865, defining the constitution of the Finance Committees, being hereby repealed." Rev. Mr. BROWNRIGG seconded. Rev. Mr. HUDSPETH opposed the motion. Dr. BUTLER supported it, and said it was desirable to enlist the sympathies of as many members of the Synod in the working of the Church during the recess as possible Mr. TARLETON should not oppose the motion, although the result would, no doubt, be that the work would fall on the few. He did not anticipate the good results that others did. Rev. F. H. Cox opposed the motion, which would operate virtually as a vote of of censure on the committee appointed last year, for the three years of the Synod. The motion was negatived on a division by a large majority. Ayers's. Noes, 20. FORAGE ALLOWANCE: TO INCUMBENT OF OATLANDS AND I munno. Mr. A. H. BISDEE, pursuant to notice, moved " that forage allowance be paid to the Incumbent of Oatlands for the following reasons 1st. That the churchwardens were assured, on completion of repairs to the St. Peter's Parsonage (now nearly 12 months since), they would be entitled, as a first- class cure, to the usual forage allow once. 2. That such representations were made to the Rev. H. W. Adams on his acceptance of the united cures of Oatlands and Jericho. 3. That it is utterly impossible with loss than two horses for a clergyman to discharge the duties of this, one of the largest cures in the diocese," Rev. Mr. HUDSI'BTH seconded. Rev. F. H. Cox thought the claim was as plain as possible, and he did not see how it could be refused under the rules. The SiiOitETAitY said the reason why it had not been met by the Finance Com in it tee, was that the Bishop had not given his certificate. After further discussion, the resolution was withdrawn by Mr. Bisdee. The Synod adjourned at (3 o'clock, EVENING SITTING. The Synod resumed at 7 o'clock. ORDER OF'" THE DAY. FINANCE. The order of the day for the consideration of the reports and estimates of the Son the air and Northern Finance Committees was called on, and the Synod went into committee A question was raised on the effect of adoption of the report of the northern committee, which contained a paragraph embodying a resolution as to a vote of £100 a year to the Archdeacon of Launceston, to enable him to visit the arch- deaconry, as a primary charge on the surplus State-aid receipts. The PRESIDENT quoted a letter from Archdeacon Reibey, in which he expressed his dis- inclination to receive the £100 at the expense of his poorer brethren, and a possible interference with a general church fund. It was pointed out that the report contained another debatable paragraph, to the effect that the appointment of the Rev. Miss. Brownrigg to St. John's, Launceston, has added that cure to the charges upon the fund, and stipend of £300 per annum less £172 the amount of rent for the Glebe lands has been paid. The CHURH ADVOCATE approved of the course taken in Launceston, and expressed the opinion that the incumbent of St. John's was entitled to the rents of the Globe, and he moved a resolution to that effect. Mr. GREEN said the practice on the northern side had been to take into consideration what glebes there were, and to apportion the grant according to the value. He contended that St. John's had a right to the glebe, and that was recognised by the schedule to the State Aid Distribution Act. The action taken by the Finance Committee was in every respect warranted by the rules of Synod, and the usage as another glebe. In the course of his remarks, and in reply to a member, Mr. Green said he believed a part of the globe had been handed over by the late incumbent to Trinity Church, and a grant had been obtained for it. The CHURCH ADVOCATE said that was a matter of importance which required investigation, but upon the general question, nothing could be a stronger trust than a glebe for a particular church. In reply to the Bishop, the learned gentleman said the trusts of a glebe could only be diverted by authority of Act of Parliament. Mr. TARLETON did not see why the grant should be reduced on account of a glebe belonging to such a wealthy parish as St. John's, he did not think the rents of a glebe should be appropriated so as to relieve the congregation of its fair proportion of contribution to the support of the incumbent. ., | Rev. Mr. FLETCHER stated the course which I had been adopted in the diocese of Sydney with respect to glebe which became very valuable, and alluded to like questions in New York, Paddington, (London,) the. Very much depended on what was meant by the definition of " church" and his own opinion was that with reference to glebe, they should be considered as belonging to the district represented by the church to which the glebe was originally given. Dr. BUTLER said it was important that a sense of security should be given to persons granting globes, or desirous of making endowments for any particular church. The discussion would not be without its use, and he approved of the suggestion to appoint a committee to consider and report on the question. Mr. FLETCHER suggested that the report be adopted as far as related to the arrangements of the past year, leaving the questions involved to be settled hereafter. The CHURCH ADVOCATE approved of the suggestion of Mr. Fletcher, and he withdrew his motion. Mr. GREEN, in reference to what had been said, as to the small amount paid by St. John's, stated that in fact, by voluntary contributions, St. John's paid £200 a year, instead of £64, as formerly stated in the estimate. Rev. A. DAVENPORT agreed to Mr. Fletcher's suggestion, and the report was adopted. The estimate was then taken of expenditure for the first six mouths of the present year, and passed with the addition of £50 (half a year's allowance to the Archdeacon for missionary purposes. On the motion of Mr. GREEN, the members of the Northern Finance Committee present, were instructed to bring up an estimate for the northern archdeaconry, for the year commencing July 1st next, a similar instruction having been given to the Southern Finance Committee on the previous day. THE ARCHDEACON OF LAUNCESTON. Mr. CHAPMAN asked the question if the Archdeacon of Launceston had been summoned to attend the Synod, as he thought it desirable that the Archdeacons of the church should attend to give any information that members might desire to elicit Î The PRESIDENT stated circumstances as to family arrangements, which had prevented the Archdeacon from attending. Mr. CHAPMAN said he was glad the explanation had been given. BOTHWELL PARSONAGE. The CHURCH ADVOCATE gave an explanation with reference to the monthly payment to be made to the Building Society, and On the motion of the Rev. A. DAVENPORT, the finance committee was instructed to continue the payment of the £5 a mouth till the 1st of July next. SUGGESTIONS AS TO DEBENTURES UNDER THE STATE-AID COMMUTATION ACT. The question of the suggestions on matters connected with the State-aid Commutation Act was then named by the SECRETARY, who moved a resolution " that the Secretary be directed to receive the debentures and moneys payable to the Synod under the State-aid Com mutation | Act, and deliver them to the Treasurer, and that they shall remain in the custody of the Treasuror,subjeotto the directions of the Synod." Mr. GREEN called attention to a notice of motion he had given, that the debentures be re- ceived from the Government, and held by the Synod at a permanent endowment for the whole diocese, and the balance of interest to be divided between the two archdeaconries under the direction of the Synod. Mr. BROWNE said he had also given a notice on the same subject. After discussion, Mr. TARLETON suggested that this proposal be postponed until to-morrow, which was agreed to. PRIMARY CHARGES ON THE INTEREST OF DEBENTURES. The SECRETARY next moved the adoption of the second suggestion, that after the 1st July next the sums heretofore paid out of the monies received from the Colonial Treasury be paid from the interest of the debentures assigned to the Synod by the State Aid Commutation Act, namely, the Bishop £700 a year, Secretary of Synod £50 a year, and sums amounting to £300, in the aggregate, to clergymen appointed to officiate at the prisons, hospitals, pauper establishment, and Queen's Asylum. Dr. BUTLER thought it as well not to take all those items together. He did not see the necessity of making the whole of these items a primary charge on the funds. The Synod might well be trusted not to disturb its obligations or to re- pudiate any engagements entered into. As regarded the different establishments, there was no reason for making the stipends to the clergyman a permanent charge He moved that they consider them item by item. Mr. KENNERLEY thought the stipend of the Bishop should be a primary charge ; as to the other items he agreed with Dr. Butler, that they should not be a primary charge. The CHURCH Anvoomi thought as a matter of convenience, those items which were diocesan charges should be stated, so that the balance might be divided between the two Archdeacon- ries. Mr. KENNERLEY said he should have no objection to put the stipend of the Secretary of the Synod as a general charge Mr. GREEN, and Mr. TARLETON having made some remarks, Dr. Butler's motion to consider the items seriatim was agreed to. It was then resolved that the stipend and allowances of the Bishop, and the salary of the Secretary be the primary charge on the interest of debentures. At the instance of Dr. BUTLER, the other items were postponed, progress was reported, the Synod resumed and adjourned shortly before 10 o'clock after the Episcopal Benediction. THURSDAY, Avmh 22nd. Tinun DAY. The Synod met at 2.30 p.m. The President read prayers. The SECRETARY road the minutes of the last meeting, which were confirmed. CHURCH ENDOWMENTS IN THE COLONY. The BISHOP, with reference to a notice of motion of the Archdeacon to ask the Bishop if he had received any monies from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel to assist in endow- ments in this diocese ; if not, if he had any objection to lay upon the table any correspondences that may have been had on the subject, read letters received some time ago from the Secretary to the Society and Mr. William Henty, also a letter he had written for information to the Secretary, January 30th, 1860. NOTICE. Rev. Mr. BROWNRIGG gave notice of motion i for a trifling alteration in the regulation as to the manner of appointing ohurcjiwurtlouu, I MOTIONS. EXCHANGE OF PULPITS. Rev. J. BURROWES, pursuant to notice, moved " that a committee be appointed to consider the possibility and propriety of admitting ministers of orthodox Protestants to the pulpits of the Protestant Episcopal Church in this colony and, if so appointed, to consult with members of such congregations to render such services efficient." He stated several reasons for the motion, and spoke of the object as one of convenience and reciprocity, and made special reference to the Presbyterian and other denominations, observing that it would be possible to prevent schism by having the custom relaxed. The SECRETARY pointed out an informality in the notice in not naming the Committee Mr. BURROWES said he would propose a committee of five to be elected by ballot. The motion was not seconded and fell to the ground, which elicited partial applause. ST. JOHN'S GLEBE, LAUNCESTON. Mr. GREEN, pursuant to notice, moved, "That the Synod Trustees be and are hereby directed to pay the amount receivable for land taken from St. John's Glebe, Launceston, for the purposes of the Launceston and Western Railway, to the Churchwardens of St. John's, Launceston, to be by them expended in the improvement of the said Glebe." He said it was necessary to have directions from the Synod as to this question, and he thought his proposal would meet the case. The globe of St. John's required fencing, draining, and putting in order, and this money would be better appropriate in effecting improvements. The CHURCH ADVOCATE had much pleasure in seconding the resolution, but he thought the improvements should be permanent improvements, and he did not think fencing was a permanent improvement, such improvement should be made by the incumbent out of the rents and profits of the globe, A discussion ensued, in which it was stated that the sum was something under £300. Mr. Green thought it would only be £100 to £175. The motion was opposed by the Rev. Mr. Hudspeth, supported by the Secretary, Mr Chapman, and other members, and assent to it qualified by Mr. Tarleton, who wished to guard himself against approval of the principle enunciated last night by the Church Advocate that all globes belonged to the particular churches to which they were given. The resolution was assented to. CHRIST'S COLLEGE. Dr. BUTLER moved for a committee to enquire into the practicability of vesting the trust of Christ's College in the Synod, and expressed the opinion that the present was an appropriate time to meet the question, with a view to make a change that should be agreeable to all parties concerned. The earlier it was dealt with the more satisfactorily it would be arranged. He said in introducing the motion he did not wish to act dorogativoly to the present managers. The CHURCH ADVOCATE said it was an important question, the money subscribed not being applied to the object for which it was intended, and they were all desirous of seeing the machinery of the college set in motion again. He thought no better tribunal could be erected to settle the matter than the parliament of the Church of England in this colony, and the proposal of the mover was a sound one, and would be more likely to effect an equitable settlement. If once vested in the Synod trustees by authority of Parliament, that could be done. He seconded the motion. The SECRETARY supported the motion, but would have been better pleased if the motion had taken a wider scope. He had received a letter from Archdeacon Reibey, stating that the debt was now £2,800, and it would take several years more to pay the same with interest. The thing had been in abeyance for 15 years, and it was desirable that something should be done. Mr. TARLETON, as a subscriber to the college, supported the motion, but thought the subscribers were kept very much in the dark as to the state of affairs. The BISHOP said he had examined the accounts every year, and he thought in three years the debt would be wiped away, but after that there was a further debt to the subscribers, who were receiving no benefit from the college. There was a legal difficulty in the matter, and it would be difficult to find out from the documents what the object was. At present, he should not object to give his assent to the committee. Rev. F. H. Cox suggested that an addition should be made to enquire into the present condition of the trusts, which the mover accepted, and The resolution, as altered, was assented to, the committee being Archdeacon Davies, the Church Advocate, Rev. F. H. Cox, Mr. Tarleton, Rev. A. Davenport, and the mover. SOLICITORS TO THE SYNOD. Archdeacon DAVIES, according to notice, moved that Messrs. Giblin and Dobson be appointed solicitors to the Synod, and to keep in their fire-proof safe the deeds and documents connected with the Synod. Mr. SHARLAND seconded the motion. The BISHOP asked if it did not fall within the province of the Registrar to keep the deeds, in Sydney the Registrar kept them, and in Brisbane, where there was no Registrar, the Chancellor had the custody of the deeds. Mr. TARLETON asked if it were understood that there would be any charge made by Messrs. Giblin and Dobson on their production? He must say they had hitherto acted very liberally. As a matter of fact, many of the church grants were in his (Mr. Tarleton's) custody, they were kept at the Real Property Office, in the iron safe, Mr. CHAPMAN supported the motion, and expressed the hope that the trustees would instruct the solicitors to hunt up all the deeds belonging to the church. Mr. CRUTTENDEN supported the motion, which was agreed to. * CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. Rev. F. H. Cox moved the appointed ant of a Chairman of Committees, and said it was the practice of other Synods, and would be convenient for the prosecution of business. He referred especially to the practice of the Synod of Sydney, whose session he had had the opportunity of attending when he visited Sydney last year. In the course of his remarks he thought it would rather be an advantage to have a sharp, prompt, and rather short man as Chairman of Committees. (A laugh.) But he would not desire to have a change unless it were agreeable to his lordship. The BISHOP said personally he would be very glad to be relieved of that portion of the duties devolving on him. The SECRETARY seconded the motion, and thought the change would be very desirable. Dr. BUTLER expressed the opinion that when the Bishop was present, he was bound by the Act and the rules to preside, independently of which he thought it was not desirable, as it would present very many difficulties. Rev. Mr. HUDSPETH supported the motion in principle, but thought that the chairman should be nominated each time. Mr. Cn yeaMAN said he had been a member of the Synod from the first, and he had not known any inconvenience from the Bishop presiding. He should vote against the motion, and hoped it would be negatived. Dr. SHARLAND also thought the change undesirable. Tim BISHOP thought it would be a wise thing of the SviK'il to adopt the resolution. Mr. W. S. SHARLAND opposed the motion, and Mr. Cox replied. The BISHOP put the resolution, which was negatived. REPORT. The SECRETARY brought up a report of the select committee appointed the last session as to the working of the Hobart Town branch of the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge and gave notice of motion for the year punishment of the same committee PONTVILLE AND BROADMARSH. Rev. A. DAVENPORT, pursuant to notice, moved a resolution, " that whom the Synod is in committee for the discussion of financial or rangements under the State-aid Commutation Act, the committee be instructed to consider whether, and under what arrangements, it will be expedient to unite the cures of Pontville and Broadmarsh," and he spoke of a correspondence which had taken place on the subject, and a possible resignation of one, or perhaps both of the incumbents of those euros. Mr. MANN seconded the resolution, Sir R. Dry suggested that they should appoint a Select Committee to consider the matter, and the cor- respondence and report to the Synod, the committee to consist of Dr. Butler, Mr, Mann, Rev. Mr. Symonds, Rev. Mr. Burrowes and the mover. Rev. Mr. Cox thought full opportunity should be given to the parishioners and all parties con corned, and that some general enact meat should be framed to meet snub cases. The BISHOP said the question was very much entangled, and it was one of urgency, as the Rev. Mr. Ball was very much out of health, and had applied for leave of absence. The motion was by leave, withdrawn. PROVINCIAL SYNOD.. Rev. A. DAVENPORT moved the re-appointment of the Select Committee appointed last session concerning o Provincial Synod. The motion was seconded and agreed to. SYNOD EXPENSES. Rev. A. DAVENPORT also moved, " That the expenses of the Synod for the year 1969 be charged, as formerly, shire rates to the Church; wardens of the several cures entitled to be represented in Synod ; euroa returning two representatives to pay a double rate which was passed and The Synod adjourned at 6 o'clock. EVENING SITTING. The Synod resumed at 7 o'clock. FINANCE. The reports and estimates were further considered in committee The SECRETARY brought up the reports of the Finance Committee in the nature of estimates for the year from July 1st, 1869, to June 30th, 1870\. He then explained at much length a number of matters connected with the subject, and raid the committee had adopted a system of classification of cures. The rev. gentleman concluded by moving that the classification principle be assented to. Rev. F. H. Cox approved of the principle as a sound one. He thought a sum of £100 should be voted tothoArcbdeacon for travelling expences, and he made other suggestions. Mr. TARLETON directed attention to the recommendation that £50 should be granted from the Ripon fund, in aid of contribution from Macquarie Plains, who., and he stated that it was the opinion of many members that the Ripon fund should be placed at the disposal of the Synod. The Bishop said he should be happy to receive hints from any members on the subject. Mr. TARLETON also noticed the question of arrears to the chaplain of Macquarie Plains and others, which he thought ought to be defrayed. The BISHOP read a list of these arrears, amounting to £794 13s. The CHURCH ADVOCATE recalled the attention of the Synod to the real question, namely, the classification. Mr. KENNERLEY suggested that they should at once determine the item proposed of £300 for ministrations at gaols, case, and whether it were to be a primary charge on the interest of debentures. The SECRETARY accepted the suggestion, and he moved that it pass, which was agreed to. The estimates for the Southern Archdeaconry were partly considered, St. David's being the only parish in the first class, the stipend being fixed at £300, with no grant from the general fund. St. John's, All (Saints, and St. John's, New Town £250 each (£75 from general fund); Oatlands (including forage, £40) and Bothwell (ditto), £240 each (£95 from general fund) were included in the second class. The further consideration of these estimates was deferred till to-morrow. Mr. GREEN brought forward the estimates for the Northern Archdeaconry, explained the items, making in the aggregate £300 for each parish, except Bishopsbourne and the Forth, which. were put at £180 and £150 respectively. He moved their adoption. Rev. Mr. FLETCHER seconded the motion, which after a brief discussion was agreed to Mr. GREEN said a question would arise how they were to obtain means to pay the stipends before the first six months' interest on the debentures, as the clergy had hitherto been paid monthly. After discussion, it was decided to leave the matter to the Finance Committees. Progress was reported, the Synod resumed and adjourned at 10.30., after the Episcopal Benediction. ___^_________ 