THE FIXE ARTS EXHIBITION". The'"committee are working vri:h great energy 1 ind activity to get the .Exhibition re«cy in time fcr tbe opening to-day, and from tbe amount of work yet to be done they bare no: a moment to waste. .Within tbe Lzs:^ day or ixo the exhibits b*ve come rolling irij and judging from a cursory view last evening tbe Exhibition-ior variety and excellence in painting, engraving?, and works of art generally-will far excel the best expectations formed by residents of Sandhurst. Several alter ations in the arrangement of the exhibits bare been midf, by "trhich a. considerable amount of room wiil be gained for promenading, while at the same time . the hall will be lightened in ar-pearance arid exhibits be shown to greater advantage. Various improvements have been effected at the entrance by the gravelling of the ;foi!p2tn, the "erection 'of; evergreen?, ahd of a reflecting tamp; .upon a novel principle, in vented by Mr T. J. Connelly, which throws aflood of light upon the entrance and along the darkeit portion of M'Crae-street, and which will prove very serviceable in attracting notice to the Exhi bition, and lighting visitors on tbeir way. The large hall is devoted to oil and water color paint ings, and the members' reading-room and com mittee room to water color paintings, engravings, works ot art, and curiotities. Tbe train Irom Melbourne is expected to arrive at a quarter to three p.m. . The Exhibition is to be formally opened at hilf-pa=t three o'clock by tbe hon J. -M'Cnllocb, and the general arrange ments will be the jams as published in yesterday's ADVESTISEE- The banquat -will commence at seven o'clock, as tbe Melbourne visitors return by special train tbe sanie evening, starting from Sandhurst aboal ten o'ticM. To-day having been declared a hair holiday by the iiayor the townspeople, no doubt, , -tjill second the eflorts of the committee in making^t&eopining; a success. .Though season ttcketholders .only, are, to be .admitted to the opening ceremony, yet we under stand that in the evening th?'gec;ra! public wii! be admitted. THE CocET or MIXES opens to-day at ten o'clock, and among the ca;es to be beard is that of Nolan v the AnnibeUa Company (Registered), in which, we understand, the important. question iblVwbetlier'a company registered under the limited Liability Act can forfeit shares or not is to be tried. - - -- ?*;THE YPLCSTEEBS.-We) .understand .ithat a favorable reply has been received from the hon .the Treasurer to the representations of command ins office's of Volunteer corp% relative to the effective allowance to volunteers, the amount being fixed." by'-Mr M^Culloch at L2 10s per effective. . .THE WEATHER yesterday morning/was ytry ""dull, a bitterly cold wind blowing; the clouds had the aspect of rain, but none fell except a few light showers. Towards evening, however, a somewhat milder change took place, and the night turned out to be starlit, beautiful but cold. The thermometer registered in th« shade at Messrs Joseph' and Co's, Pali Mall, as follows:-Nine a.m, 43d; noon, 45°; three p.m. 45°; six p.m, 41°; maximum, 45°; minimum dnriug the pre vious night, 42°. Barometer, 29 490. YOX.DMTEEE LAND CERTIFICATES.-An agitation in connection with the granting of land certificates to members of the Yolunteer force is at present in progress, and we understand it is intended; to have a meeting of delegates from the various corpi of the colony in Melbourne at an early date. The Bendigo Rifles held a meeting last evening, when the members expressed their opinions on the sub ject, and we learn appointed Captain Taylor and Sergeant Ellis as their representatives at the forth coming"meeting in Melbourne! ] '; { } ' ; * j ; ^Cobscrr, ELECTIONS. - In our advertising columns will be found intimations to the effect that Mr James Bailey, intends to offer himself for re-election for the Englehawk Council, and Mr Geo Simpson complies with a requisition to allow himself to be nominated for the Huntly Council. . THB Riri.u PARADE last evening was in com -mand-of~Gaptain-Joseph,-the company being in charge of Sergeant Cahill. The men were prac tised in company movements for about an hour ; bjr^Captain Joseph,.the drill. proying very.jinstruc tive to the non-commissioned officers and men. Captain Joseph announced that the Monday even ing drills would be discontinued for the present, in consequence of the Orderly-room being let to Mr HollQijraj jfoc dramatic entertainments. TUB RIFLES' OftDERLr-RooM.-The usual pro menade concert and quadrille assembly by the Volunteer Band took place last evening, and was moderately attended. LYCEUM THEATRB.-The theatre was only moderately attended last night, on which occasion was produced the highly sensational drama of the "Forest , .of,.Bondy." The principal male characters were 'undertaken by Messrs Stanley, Edwards, Parker, and Burton, and were well sustained. Miss Kate Warde acted well the part of Ursula, did also Miss Ada Hart the difficult character- of Eilor. ' Mr Stanley's dog Nelson performed bis part excellently; the manner in which he in the last scene seized the murderer of hi« master by the throat and killed him called forth deserved applause. The evening's entertainment was closed with the really amusing farce of " Nicodeinus and the Ghost" in which Mr Stanley, as Dirjgory, kept the house in a continual roar of laughter. .. . _ NEW INSOLVENT.-Perriston' Coster, of Spring Creek, miner. Causes of insolvency: Extreme dullness in business, and losses in mining. Lia bilities, L297 4s 9d; assets, L25 19s6J; defici ency, L271 5s, Mr Shaw, official assignee. 