SUMMARY OF NEWS. The Agricultural Insurance Company of Adelaide is to bo wound up. Tho losses last year, through a law suit, ex ceeded tho receipts. Some ot' the share holders were in favor of carrying it on for another year. A telegram in the Register of Saturday reports" A police-trooper from Kadina has arrived at Auburn, with the owner of three bullocks which died immediately after drinking water at the Government Dam. lie has come to Auburn for a veterinary burgeon to open the bullocks, as poison is supposed to have been malici ously thrown into the water." The running match between Harris and Higgins, for £100 a-side, came off in Melbourne on Monday, and was won easily by the former. Archibald, the Itoekhampton publican, has been found guilty, and sentenced to death, for tho murder of Mr. Halligan. The question of the admissibility of the Erisoner's confession as evidence against im has been reserved for argument in the full Court. 'Mr. Colman, of Strathalbyn, at 900 yards while shooting at the Southern Bifid" Match made six bull's eyes out of ^oven shots. . - .' : ' The Victorian Government are to make their North-Eastern Railway at a cost of £7,200 per mile.1 This is fully £2,000 less per mile than the original estimate. The length of the line is 181 miles. An Eight Hours' Bill has been intro duced into the Victorian Assembly. It provides that where no special agreement exists a working day shall be reckoned eight hours. The Victorian Government have ac cepted a tender for the erection of the Royal Mint at Melbourne. The cost is to be £19,900. A shocking instance of depravity was investigated by the Special Magistrate at Redruth oh Friday, when two women were brought up for keeping a disorderly house in Paxton-square, Kooringa. The husband of one, a shepherd from Outalpa, had died two or three days before. Immediately -alter his death, and before the corpse was removed from the house, his wile and I another woman commenced a scene of riot and debaucherv in company with several of the lowest class of bushmen. Fighting, swearing, and drinking were kept up inter mittently, At the funeral she behaved in so indecent and unbecoming a manner whilst in a state of intoxication that the in terference of the police became necessary before the usual solemn ceremony could be carried out, She and her female com nanion afterwards, assisted by numerous bushmen, continued their debauchery for several days, until the inhabitants had to interfere. Ihe women were accordingly prosecuted, and fined, including coats, £3 7s. each. In default of payment they were removed to Redruth Uaol for a month, where they are uow, it is to be hoped, reflecting on the consequencc of their disgraceful conduct. "HvgxHvr* Bread is now lOd. per 4 lb. loaf in Hamilton. Philip Davis, late manager of the Prince of Wules Mining Company, Bal larat, has been found guilty on the charge of stealing gold from the ground of a neighbouring company. Sentence has been deferred. This will bo an interest* ing case to mining companies, as Davis simply followed a lead which he be lieved his company had a right to do wherever it went. The damago done by tho recent flood at Clunes, Victoria, is estimated at be tween £20,000 and £25,003. The Victorian House of Assembly has affirmed by a majority of 27 to 20 that it is expedient to pay members of Parlia ment, and that a sum not exceeding £30,000 should be set apart for the pur- j pose. A Bill with this object is to bo introduced. The new Victorian Ministry have met tho Houso. It is supposed they will command a majority, as no factious op position is to be offered to them. The anticipations entortained respect ing the recovery of the cargo of the ship Victoria Tower have not been realised, and the lot is to be sold by tho under writers. The proprietors of the new Melbourne satirical journal Humbug, offer a reward of £60 to any spiritualist who will give in a fair copy of a sentence which they have deposited in an envelope in the Union Bank of Melbourne. The prisoners Bollard and Home, for attempting to rob the Br aid wood Bank, have been found " guilty," and sentenced to 15 and 10 years' imprisonment respec tively. A private dinner was givea in Sydney to> the released Fenians. Ten of them sail for California per Baringu. The report that the Pcnang and two vessels were loading breadstufls at Cali fornia for Australia is not true, as they load lumber at Paget Sound* There is only one vessel loading for Duncdin, with breadstuff's. Tho late American Consul, in Mel bourne, General Latham, has gone homo in the ship Kosciusko, , Salmon, it is said, have been uncus takeably seen in the river JDarwent, Tas mania. A boy, named Cullen, about 12 years of age, slipped off a plank into the river Barwon, last week and was drowned. It has been decided that Mr. Hugli Glass, the Kreat Victorian squatter, must assign his estate, which is to be realised with all due care to the interests of all Earties. The Colonial Bank of Victoria as not been able to deolare a dividend this half year in consequence of so much of its funds being tied up in the estate. It is reported that a processfor etching on metals by the medium of photography has been discovered by a Melbourne pho tographer. The matter, however, is kept as secret as possible, with a view of securing patents simultaneously in Europe and America. It is believed that the dis covery, if it is what it is represented as being, will cause a revolution in the en graver's art. We loam from the Courier that a singu lar discovery «as made in the shaft of the Tweed Company, Ballarat on Saturday. In a drift about 100 feet frciri the surface, the workmen came across three or four round and hollow substances, about the size and formation of lemons. One of the men broke one, and discovered within seed exactly similar to the pips found inside oranges. The hollow was clear and well defined, and in size about a third of the whole substance. The outer ritid of coating is very black, and the shell soft, though evidently petrified, Alongsi'dte of these singular substances, the workmen came across several[pieces ofdec$y«d wood, and the trunk of a tree three feet thick, standing perfectly upright. The general .hypothesis amongct the men is that they Jbave found the remains of an orange tree, and certainly superfical symptoms seem to denote that they are not far out in their conjecture. .' A young man, about twenty-two years of age, named John May*committed suicide at Newlyn, about bix-pales out of Creswick, on the Day lesford-road, last Thursday morning. He placed the muzzle of a loaded gun against his abdomen, and striking the trigger with the ramrod, the contents of the barrel were discharged, causing death within half an hour. The deceased was the son of a farmer, and was attached to a young girl, the daughter of a neighbouring farmer. His . father dis approved of the match, and as his prospects were wholly dependeut upon his pareuthe determined to put an end to bis existence, rather than break off his engagement to his betrothed. An inquest was held on the body the same afternoon, and a verdict of temporary insanity returned." The Committee appointed to assist the Government in the shipment of an experi mental cargo to India, met again on Friday morning, and made some progress. Of course, as business men, their first enquiry was whether a cargo could be guaranteed; as without the certainty of a cargo it would be rash to charter freight. We believe the first point is now pretty welt secured, and that 250 or 300 tons of flour will, in all probability, be available as part of the venture.-Advertiser, The following is from the Gundagai Times :-44 We learn that a ghost has come to dwell amongst us. We.cannot, as yet, indicate the spectre's residence, if it has one, but the culvert familiarly termed Bennett's Folly, on the Bideling ot Mount Parnassus, seems one of its haunts, as we have been informed that on Sunday evening last a gentleman resident in our lopality who was ' riding past this spot was there confronted j by the supernatural visitant ' It irose ap-1 parently from under th£ ' culvert, tall, ahadowy, and with a livid, phosphoric light; playing about it, such as tn&d; fish hung in a dark place, exhibits. Ad the shape ap proached the startled steed reared} and the rider's hair stood on end ;;: but the appari tion seemed to pass under tlie horse, and disappeared with a faint/hollow sound, like a distant dying groan. Wis need not say the horseman, made all haste to quit the spot. But we may add that another party avers that he has seen this spectre in the same place, that it passed him by like a flash of fire, and that he thought his whiskers were singed off by it,. So far this is satisfactory-every place ought to be celebrated for something, and a well authenticated local ghost would add some thing to our township's reputation." A sad accident happened near the Sod Hut Inn, on the Burra-road, on Tuesday evening last, to Mrs. Forbes, of Kapunda, who was travelling to the Burra in a trap driven by Mr. Williams, of Waterloo, Prom some unknown cause the horse com menced kicking, and after ^ throwing the driver out, smashed the vehicle and kicked Mrs. Forbes on the thigh just above the knee, producing a fracture of the bone. Whilst trying to escape from the trap she attempted to use the broken limb, and thus forced the bone two inches through the flesh. She was conveyed on a mattrass in ag sprin dray, by Mr. Need, of Gladstone, to the Sod Hut Inn, where, under the care of Dr. Dashwood, she is progressing very iavorably .-,4 dvert iscr. At a general meeting of the sharehold ers in the Adelaide Mercantile Marino Insurance Company, Messrs. K. B. Smith, J. Hart, W. Kay, Cornish, Gavan, and I Young were ek-oted directors. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser gives the following as the latest about Power " The keen look-out kept for this skulking thief occasionally proves rather awk ward to peaceably disposed travellers, Kumoucs were current a day or two ago as to a BUS. picious person apparently of the bushrang mg genus, dressed in a white coat and riding a chestnut horse, having been seen in the neighbourhood of the Little River. The hunt was soon up, and a capture effected, but it wus soon found the captive was not the one so long sought after. The facts are, that about the beginning of the , week a man named Poole, a resident of Albury, came down from the Upper M urray, looking for work, lie was riding a cbesnut horse, wore a long white coat, and carrying a bag of tools in front of bis saddle, presented a rather formidable ap pearance. As soon as he reached the Little River on Monday evening, it was immedi ately concluded that it was Power who had visited the locality, especially as a double barrelled gun (disjointed) was seen in the bag. He was watched, and seen to camp in an old hut near Liddle's-place. Mes sengers (mounted) were despatched to Wodonga and Yackandandah. The tele graph wires conveyed the news that Power was again within the district. Troopers rushed from various stations, arrived in the night, and without ceremony aroused Poole, and would have arrested him forth with, only that a neigbbour who bad been attracted by the rush identified hitxk as the veritable Poole." On Monday morning last (reports the Waqga H agga Express, in a recent number), a remarkable incident occurred at the Ganmain Station, showing the ex traordinary voracity of the cod of the Murrumbidgee. On the preceding even ing a well-sinker named Cochrane threw a baited line into the river in the hope of catching a fish during the night. Upon endeavoring to haul it in on the following morning, he found that he had hooked an immense cod, which, after some little diffi culty and playing, be at last succeeded in safely landing. Once fairly ashore, his efforts were directed to the disengagement of the hook from the capacious jaws of his prize; but, as it had become firmly fixed deep down in its throat, this was a task not easily effected, and it was not until he had made a deep incision with his knife that he found it to be fast to the mouth of a second fish, sticking half way down the throat of the first. The smaller fish, upon being drawn forth, was discovered also to be a cod, and weighed a little over 6 lbs., while the larger one weighed no less than 45 lbs. '* A new phase of the crime of cattle stealing was made known to the uniniti ated," says the Yass Courier, " at the Goulbourn Sessions held last week. A woman well advanced in years, named Slaven, whose husband was represented to be a very infirm old man, was charged with stealing three hides. The owner of the beasts from which these were taken deposed to be the owner ol some hundred ana odd cattle, several of which were in a very poor condition, that he found some of them ham strung and with their heads battered in by some, blunt- instrument, and their hides taken off. He recognised the beasts as his property by the ear marks, and had missed them from amongst his herd. When the police went to the prisoner's place she denied having any hides, but on search being made six were found concealed, in« eluding the three that were the subject of the trial, and which bore the brands of the prosecutor. The defence set up was that the animals from which they were taken I were found dead in the bush, a defence which, were it even proved to be true, would not avail the prisoner. But the ex amination of the carcases determined that death 'had been a violent one. The prisoner was convicted, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Darlinghurst Gaol." . Marvellous stories (says the Age) have of late been told by fishermen frequenting the.Upper Yarra, offish hooked, and lines carried away in the vain endeavour to land the finny monsters. These stories have been incredulously received, and the fish invariably referred to the order of u snag." The other afternoon, a gentleman named Morris, residing in Richmond, succeeded in landing a splendid Murray cod, weighing nearly 101b. This fish had no less than four hooks and a fragment of gut in his lips, while from a small piece torn out of a corner of his mouth it looked suspiciously like as though he had been nearly landed on some previous occasion. The spot where this fine fellow was hooked was the u Wattles," in the Survey Paddock, and it may be worth mentioning that the bait taken was a small blackfish which had been previously hooked. At Mr. W. Robertson's station, Mount Emu, 22 men employed as shearers were poisoned by the cook having used arsenic in the water employed to boil the cabbage in instead of carbonate of soda. The quantity used was enough to kill 200 men. l)r. Johnson, of Beaufort, and Dr. Nason, of Carngham, were immediately sent for, and Mr. Robertson promptly administered such antidotes as were available, pending the doctors' arrival. All of the me.n are tecoveriug, but they have undergone severe suffering. It is said that a cook who was discharged recently, at the instance of the shearers, told the new cook that tho bottle contained carbonate of soda, whereas it was" really arsenic. This is regarded as so sus picious that the police have taken the matter in hand. The Chief Secretary of Victoria favour ably received a deputation from the Cham ber of Commerce in favour of the telegraph line to England by the Brindisi route. An Adelaide telegram from Melbourne reports j-" The best Adelaide wheat is quoted at 7s. 6d.; the market is, however, tending downwards, as stocks are con sidered ample to serve till the new harvest, which promises abundantly, is gathered. The same is the case with feeding grains." The Germans in Victoria have invited subscriptions for the widows of the miners lost at Dresden, in Saxony. The first salmon was caught on Thurs day last in Tasmania.. Ikin and another fisherman wore fishing in the Derwent in Beauty Bay with a seine* when they oap tured a salmon--one lOin. long and 6in. in girth, and a second 9in. long. The commissioners and a great ooncourso of Hobart Town citizens visited the museum to inspect the fish, and the incident has naturally occasioned great excitement. The fish are the natural production of tho Derwent, i.e., they are the offspring of salmon which had been hatched irom the original ova, and consequently may be looked upon as the second generation. Tho wreck of tho Victoria Tower has been sold for £6,400, cxcept so much of the cargo as consignees protest against. Tho wreck, of the Hurricane has been sold for £130. Some splendid poultry has arrived in Melbourne from England, embracing brahma, pootras, cochins, and houdans. They are the stock of celebrated prize takers, and the lot, 15 in number, cost over 100 guineas in England. A now tricycle velocipede has been patented in Melbourne. _ It is styled "the oscillator" and it is said to be a great improvement on the old machines, both as to ease of driving and speed. The sentence of death passed upon the Frenchman, Dupout, atGeelong, tor crim inal assault on a little girl has been com muted to 21 years imprisonment with bard labour. The action of Duyve and others v. the Tamaniun Times, for libel, has resulted iu a verdict for the defendants. The judge spoke strongly on behalf of the liberty of the press. " Labour of all kinds is now very scarce in Gipps Land," writes the Time*. " There will be a large number of hands required immediately for the hay harvest ana the wheat harvest will be ready for reapers directly after the hay is gathered in. Men in other patts of the colony requiring employment would do well to come to Gipps Land." GAMBIBR EAST PODND.-Impounded, one chesnut colt, F ( HJ under) and like 1H under near shoulder, both hind legs white; one yellow, brindle, and white cow, near ear marked, ST near rump; white cow, ST near rump; one yellow and white speckled heifer, ST near rump; one red and white heifer calf, ST near rump, same ear mark \ one dark brown or black horse, JM (joined) off.shouldcr, collar marked ; one bay mare, MO of! shoulder (draught) j iron grey filly, white face, both hind feet white, like UK near shoulder; chesnut filly, white face, like GIC near shoulder; bay filly, white face, like GK near shoulder; one yellow I and white heifer, calf awut nine months i old, no brand visible. --JOHN BENKBTT, Poundkeener. WEMP GAMBIBR POUND. - Impounded, one bay horse, star, saddle marked, branded like JMW conjoined near shoulder. If not claimed will be sold November 1£, 1860, at noon.-THOMAS W Y#NIAT, Pouud keeper* 