MELBOURNE MEMS. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Octobor23. I860. THE now Ministry have fcakon tlioir Boats, and facod, with soma dcgrco of pluck, a for midable opposition. The tactics of tho day appear to bo of tho Fabian ordor. Tho M'Cullooh party dolay their attack, probably, until tuoy can bring up thoirnoythod chariots in'tlio sli.ipo oi a stitoug body of_ supjiortora. The appearance of tho House oil Tuesday evening was somewhat curious. Tlio lata Ministry, with rage and disgust depicted on their manly brows, took their scuts on tho Opposition benches, and endoavoured to emulate Leech's well- remembered boy, who fell down 011 the ice and tried to look as if ho liked it; while tho cross benches were thronged with the undecided. Mr. Iligin botharn, indeed, walked off, and Sftt away in. tho corner by himself, like little Jack Horner, and the patriot Jones sat Iiim down sturdily in front, with the air of air independent gentleman. Stutt and Burt whispered in a corner togethor, and M'Oullocb (with a roso in his coat) glared defiance at his enemies, Mr. Macpherson, tho new Chief, opened tho ball in a very languid and inefficient manner. Ho had no -policy to speak of. He would like to see everybody happy, and to ho able to keep his position, but he- only intended to> go on with tho measures introduced by tho Iato Government. Having made his little speech, at which faint murmurs of dissatis faction were heard, he sat down, and gavo place to Mr. DufFy, who felt it incumbent on him to explain how ifc was that he had not been made Premier. Duffy having collapsed after about six glasses of water (he used, water as King Alfrod did candles, to mark the time with), Mr. M'Cullock explained. somo reports about the interference ot ma: partner. Sellar and Mr. Vale attacked poor Duffy. Vale ia tho member for Collingwood, and is happy without an " h." He addressed the 'ouso at some length, and expatiated uponr Roman Catholic priests, Jesuits, nuns,, bigotry, and Duffy's pension, amid a storu> of "oh's to whom Duffy, replying, conti nued to bo unpleasant, and the materials for as pretty a row as need bo were brought, when Mr. M'Lellan leapt into the arena, and showed his muscle. Tho result was a per sonal dobato of tho most virulent kind, in which lion, members again behaved like the frequenters of a bush grog-shop after the cheques had boon knocked down. The busi ness, however, has been got through pretty fast. Tho question of payment of members has-been decided by a majority of 27 to 20, and we may expect great results therefrom. The bill has yet to pass tho Upper House, and as the Upper House is not so impecuni ous a3 tho Lower, it may be thrown out. I have, however, heard soveral gentlemen ex press a violent desiro to enter Parliament, and I expect that somo 3trange candidates; will appear at the noxb election. Viewed, however, from a common senso point of viow, I think that tho notion is a good ono. Wo have hero no class answering to the wealthy, independent, English gentle men who go into Parliament for tho good of tho stato. If our people are independent they are not wealthy; or if by any wild chance they should happen to bo both inde pendent and wealthy, they are not gentlemen j while, to carry it further, if they are gentle moa thoy won't go into Parliament. . Tho Victorian politician pur sang is a person who, having nothing to lose and everything to gain, goes into tho House as he does into tho share market to make money. There aro several well-known politicians hero who livo in their plaoas. I am informed that one. man said that ho -would not take £1500 n. yoaf for .hio "oat. Xlio honoofc mcu are poor and cannot afford to neglecti their own busi ness to attend to that of tho'country. so that the seats in Parliament really fall into the hands of loafers, who take thorn as a- smart bushman buys a town horso "to sell iiim at a. premium up the country." One good thing which the new Ministry have douo, or, rather, aro attempting to do, is to reform the Land Office. As I said before. I do not believo that Grant is venaL but I am sure that ho ia good-natured, and a good-natured man at tho head of tho Land. Office is tho greatest curao tho colony can have. Mr. McKean has already attempted to put an end to tho infamous system of back staira influence, and is succeeding pretty well. In old days defalcations came in at tho back-door and walked out at tho front in tho most alarming manner, pome "startling disclosures" are expected under the now regime. It is reported that McCullocli is about to resign, being sick of tli& cares o£ office. I. don't bolievo it myself, but givo you tha rumour for what it is worth. An excitement has botn croatod among tho spiritualists ?- of wham I under stand there aro many ia Wagga, - by an offer of £50 from the proprietors of Humbug to any man who can road a soutonco now deposited in tho Union Bank.- The sen tence is written on a piece of paper-placed ia throe envelopes, which aro enclosed in. a tiii box. Tho clairvoyants aro trying their best, to solvo the mystery. Thero was a lamentable attempt afe a flood hero last week, but it signally failod. Wo havo a flood now every year, and thoy aro looked forward to with some interost. Jn Ballarat soma uufortunuta minors woro drowned in a claim, and theroi is a suspicion of foul play, as it would seem that thoy woro hot warned, as were their neighbours, but the matter is involved in mystery at present. Bandmann appeared as Othello this oven ing at tho Royal. Notwithstanding tha inelomont weather, tho house was crowded. His porformauco of tho charaotor was suc cessful-tho best thing ho has tlono in my opinion-and has established his reputation. Montgomery's Othello was too lackadaisical, and Baudmanu has hit tho happy medium. His last aab was weak, but his scono with his wifo in tho last act but oue took tho houBo by storm. Tho minstrols (black) who havo boon draw ing largo houses at St. Goorgo's Hall dopartr from thonoo-rumour says for Sydney, bub I bolievo, Ballarat-on Monday, and a Mr. Chapman gives an ontortainmont in re spirit ism and ghost businoas. Ho is said to bo clovor. I hope ho is, I am suro. Q. 