THE FOLLIES OF FASHION. BY A WOMAN. Of all our follies none perhaps are so great as those which we commit in the name of Fashion. Fashion is the sorceress to whose spell we all succumb, the tyrant whose will not one of u? dares dispute, die ignis-fatuus whose wavering flame we follow, indifferent to the i nature of the ground through v.hich we are led. ! Bog or brake—what does it matter? co long as we go precisely as we are told, and obey that my?terious and capricious leader of ours, we are all right; and if we do fall into odd places meanwhile, that is not our own fault, but rather die misfortune of the times. Fashion while young is never in fault —when old you may laugh at her as much aa you please; but while new and vigorous all that she docs is perfect, and if you, as an individual, stand out against her and find her ways unpleasant, the blame lies with you aud not with the lawgiver. Perhaps I am wrong in saying that not one of us dares dispute this tyrant, this great Dalai Lama of die workroom and die manufactory; fur every now and then we do meet with re cusants who refuse to take on themselves the yoke of fashion, and who walk in unfettered freedom, bound by no silken ties and lured by no false lights of pretended beauty. But unfortunately they are generally women who fling off the bonds of real beauty as well as die false ones of fashion, and who appear as frightful in their own originality as they would have bees, under the most eeivile imitation; women who, because they will not be slaves to conformity, make themselves slaves to ugliness, and find no mean between the two opposite poles of extiavagance in obedience or eccen tricity in dissent. These were the women who, when all the female world went about like huge bells incased in a swelling scaffolding of steel and whalebone, walked defiantly among their structured as ers with not so much as a penny worth of siarch in their skimpy skirts, nor an inch-wide frill to faintly represent die foam of flounce then in vogue; and these are die women who, now that fashion has veered all the way round and draped herself in clinging skirts and lanky lines, still keep to the crinoline of ten years ago and sweep their harsh way among us—nuisances for whose disagreeable un loveliness there is not even die questionable ex case of conformity. They are women who begin a fashion just as it h dying out, so that they are alttdv> iv op pssiUou, liui uoinore sensible than thuir neigh bora; or they are women without die jio?<*r to unite sense and beauty, and even when they are intrinsically rational—as in the days when tbey withstood the ciaze of cages and k^(it their petticoats undUtended — are so uncompro misingly ugly in their attire, so ungi-acpful, so careless of what we mean by "appearances," that so far from helping their sisters to better things by offering them a beautiful model or a wise one, they throw them yet farther into the extreme of the prevailing folly from very dread of becoming like to anything so ridiculous. If this section of the strong-minded who are not afraid of being recusants would devise some costume that should unite artistic grace and work-a-dsy convenience, something as use ful and not so hideous as die Bloomer costume say. and not so defiant of present fashions, they irigbt do a good work in their generation, and effect the most valuable of all second-class re forms. But tbey only strengthen die hands of the enemy while they are merely oppositionists who cannot offer anything absolutely better than the fashions they decry. Tuis question of woman's dress has always been a thorny and troublesome one. Save the Greek aud early Roman costume nothing has been devised which tharoughly satisfies a, cul tivated taste. But die world, which by-the-bye never knows its good things when it has got them, acted on by that mysterious law of change -wiiich takes up with evil and the worse rather than remain stagnant in the beautiful and the best, slid by degrees out of the perfec tion of the classic times; and even before the Roman Empire came to an end we find ugliness and monstrosity where the very culmination of beauty had formerly been. When once set loose from the boundary of national costume, fashion flawed over into every absurdity that a vi iated taste and restless desire for novelty conld conceive. Neither beauty nor convenience had the slightest influence in the councils of the " mantua makers " and die tire-women of the Middle Ages. Huge peaked horns, some times single like a unicorn's and sometimes double like a cow'o, with a long web of linen flowing from diem, set a woman's face about midway in her body ; slecvos so long that they had to be knotted up to keep them from the dirt, vied in folly, waslefulne&s;, and Hastiness, with trains that swept up all the filth from die rush-strewn floors and the unbeaten roads; stiff stomachers, with an inner casing of iron and an outer one of quilted silk and heavy gold em broidery, destroyed everything Uke suppleness of movement, grace, or flow of outline. But these monstrosities were thought die ultimate perfection of beauty in their day, aad then, as now, extravagance in the prevailing mode was counted as a grace, and the woman who went farthesfcbeyond her fellows in the absurdity of her dress was the queen of her circle for the time being, and the glass wherein her s:stera saw their ideal. It was in vain that die Church tiled to stem die silly current. Eloquent preachbrs discoursed valiantly about the im^s and devdkins which they said they saw with their bodily eyes, sitting aloft on the horns, and hiding in die trains of die fashionable ladies who attended mass so bravely attired, and which prevented die Word of life from finding entrance to their hearts. More than once they singled out some queen of the mode for direct and public cen sure; but they did not do much good on the whole. A few of die softer naturcd believed, trembled, and obeyed, and on going home cut off some half-dozen yards of superfluous ma terial ; but die greater part, though tbey might believe and doubtless trembled, nevertheless did not obey, but wore their horns as high and spread out their trains as far as ever, and only heeded what the preacher said when fashion bad endorsed bis strictures and changed her venue and his. One consolation, however, which we women nvay take to heart is, that men were just as ridiculous as ourselves, quite as extravagant, and very often much more unseemly. Certainly they have' reformed before we have, and we have now all die folly to ourselves; but in those early days when they were fain to chain up die points of their shoes to thair garters, it was but a race, neck-aud-neck, and more than once the men beat us by a head. The worst of it all was, that every now and then some beautiful and graceful and sunple fashion was strnck out that one would have liked to see perpetuated; but that died away in a few years, to be replaced by something as monstrous as this had been befitting, lliere was the justaucorps, which we see in the pictures ot (t dunk) Eleanor of Provence ; that sleeveless, well-adjusted but not strained kind of sorcoat which we have been lately somewhat imitating. This is an article of dre*s diat affords all manner of pretty opportunities ; but it went out; and we had in its stead, after a long succession of experiments in ugliness—each more advanced than the last-the steel corset of Catherine de W^irfi* and our own Elizabeth, the padded hips and rigid waist accompanying, and the whole art of the Bfesdjunes EUsesof die period thrown into making a woman look as much like a wooden wasp as it was possible for bone and buckram to achieve. We have not got past tbat folly even yet. Only die other day a book was published which gravely—by no means jokingly or satirically—first of all asserted Mat die creation of a small waist by means of tight Luang, or its semblance by the artful aid of hoops and frills, be, has been die end and aim of all fashion ; and then went on to advocate this creation as the righteous end aud aim of fashion, and as the one thing which Women, and specially unmarried women, should set their energies to attain, no matter through what suffering, and which the author assures us to be in nowise hurtful to the health, while it is undeniably beautiful (?) to the eye. That die ribs are a protecting case within which arc packed away certain tender and im portant organs—that it is vitally necessary those organs should have full apacetfor die exercise of their funotiana,tiuttthefdumUnotbi|m?ed i on, nor hampered, mr in any way impeded— seem physiological facts utterly unknown to the , person who wrote that remarkable bode; while I as for each a humdrum prosaic law aa propor tion, what has that to do with the integral beauty of a waist thirteen indues round?—to which worse than foolish dimension! some young ladies, by dint of present personal tor tore and future certain disease, have at hat contracted their tony case of ribs. A. large, flat, spreading waist is as ugly as anything <elae which is large and flat and spreading, when it ought to be small, compact, and trim; bat a. wasp-like waist, with huge ahooldere above and full hips below, is even more ugly. The one at least represents freedom, and each c se and health as come from freedom; the other is eloquent of pain, of contraction, and of disease. Bat the writer was true in bis premises if falsa in his conclusions—the meaning of far thingales sad crinolines and hoops and modernised paniers, and all the other queer structures in steel, buckram, or lighter puff in which w? women have at various times in vested our persons, is to create, by the shadows and contrast afforded by excessive expansion, the semblance cf a small waist when we have not the reality. One can understand physio logically and nmtimeataUy the beauty of a, round, email mot in a young unmarried girl, when not carried to extremes, *nd whenksptin just proportion to the rest of the figure; bat what one cannot undets and is, why women of riper yean and matronly condition should take so much trouble to make themselves unsatisfac tory travesties of maidenhood, end why they cannot utilise the special beauties of (heir own condition, and be content witii the richer and fuller graces belonging to them. Girls do not set the fashions. Ihey may and do exaggerate them, because there is vsry little else to dis tinguish one girl from another in the crowd, and because they are Billy; but it is the woman who is just beginning to be on the wane, la femme prague pastie, who wants to look still youthful and girlish, from whom proceed nine tenths of the devices to conceal the figure and delude the eye. The large manufactuiers and wholesale millinery establishments of course decide beforehand what are to be the patterns of the season ; but in the smaller details it is the married woman—who, moreover, bean the purse and possesses the social influence—who seis her wits to approximate herself to the young girl; and this is best done by each fashioc? as most conceal distinctions and level inequalities of graces; as in this very matter of the small waist, which is to be created in ap pearance when it does not exist in reality. It is for the advantage of a nicely-made girl to appear in &imple; costume. Her trim propor tions, and the pretty run of her figure, want only leave to appear as nature has given them to her; but when she and the rotund matron dress in the same masquerading expanse of crinoline and furbelow, the girl loses all dis tinctive charm and the matron alone gains by the similitude. At present we have made ourselves only ridiculous, we ft'e not inconvenient to our neighbors, by the particclar furbelow of the day. If we think the "Grecian bend" a graceful kind of tiling, and that yards of material puffed out at die back make us more lovely m the eyes of men, by all means let us go on with the " bend" and the puff till we get tired of them. It does not much signify to' what we shall change; it is bo sure to be something both intrinsically ugly and absurd. All w?s can hope for ia, that our tyrant msy not be pleased to put on us an attire which shall be inconvenient to others as well as to ourselves, and that by degrees a little common sense may be allowed to filter into her councils, so that she may be induced to consider what is boauty in the ab stract, rather than what milliners and dress makers call " fit for any lady to wear.'' Our greatest folly at the present moment, however, is not the puff we call, I believe, panieis, bat the long trains which we delight in dragging after us for a yard or so, and which nu>ks fating down to dinner, or walking across a room, a trial of nerves, temper, and agility to all concerned. •* It looks so graceful fwe say complacently, when remonstrated with. So we sacrifice convenience, cleanliness, and the good temper of the men to maintain a childish, and worse than childish, fashion, because "it looks so graceful" to trail behind us silken trains not half so beautiful as a. peacock's tail, nor so dig nified. It seems to me we might do something better than fall below a two-legged fowl in our imitative art of personal decoration. Nest of importance to the creation of a small waist, fashion has always held the dupositiao of the hair and tli- dressing of the bead. And here again we come to those queer exaggerations iv which we wauieu to uuaccou -jtably take jiloasarc Only a fe? generations ag >, and our hands were literally built up like so tuucb mason-work. Buckram, pomatum, powder, flowers, laces, and jewels, all were employed in the disfiguring of oar hair—one of the most beautiful things which nature has given to woman; and the result was an amount of hideousness tbat seems to us now absolutely in comprehensible, and a state of dirt and horrible nastiness even more incomprehensible. Ladies then went from London to York, a three days' journey, with their hair dressed by a town hairdresser, all ready for the county balL They slept by the way, propped up by pillows, witii their heads supported on the backs of chairs, that the hideous structure should not be dis arranged. This was their pride, and the sacri fice they made to fashion and app -arance; for which they had their reward in the wonder of the beaux and the envy of the belles of the provinces, who could not sufficiently admire what the one never saw surpassed and the other could not hope to compass. Once a mouth their heads were opened, cleansed, and renewed; for which we have the authority of the Spec tator; and it does not require a very vivid imagination to enable us to picture what they were like when they were opened. lam old enough to remember the huge bow? trained over wired foundations, that my elder sisters wore on the tops of their heads some forty years ago; and great was the labor and detes table was the result thereof. Then we had those cascades of corkscrew ringlets whic* cost so much paids to make, and which the damp brought out into ignominious lengths, by file ii reverent, tallow-candles. After these we bad a very pretty and ample fashion of braid, that did not last long; and then we came to the reign of die chignon—and now to its off shoot, the big bird'e-nest on the very crown of tile bead, with the fringe of short hair about &£ face, curled or straight. But whatever type we adopt—whether that of the secretary bird or of any other ??l which has all its feathers or for falling backwards, or that of the crested cockatoo, the bison, or the other beasts who have bristling frontlets—we carry our imitation to exttemea, and caricature the lower creature whose leading lines we reproduce. Wecannot be content unless we caricature. No sooner do weget hold of a tolerably pretty fashion than we set to work to torture it (and ourselves) into the ex treme of ugliness and folly—as now with our hair; for, though not so dirty, oar heads are almost as absurdly dressed as they were in Queen Anne'g time, and certainly the things we wear on them are more absurd. What can we say of a taste which coils a length of fur round and round as a cap, and then finishes off with a stuffed head —fox or what not—with glass eyes, made as like to nature as is possible? our gbis dye their hair to the right shade of tawny brown, then perch on the top a thing they call a hat, which is the beast's hea.4 and (presumably) its body, with the sharp muzz'e and staring eyes right in front, as if about to leap off on to* the first paster-by. And this is the taste cf the nineteenth century in die matter of one form of head-gear. Only within the last seven years how have the fashiuns changed! Seven years ago we had the spoon-bonnet, which disconcerted all our previous instinctive measurements, and led to endless discomfort in the way of knocking our spoons against the roofs of carriages and the Uke ; now we have vanishing trifles of lace just bound round the fore-part of die head, without real fcat-pningK, properly so called, and leaving the whole fee, nape, ears, and throat unpro tected. It has taken just seven yean to pass from spoons to the modern cap-bonnet—from enormous crinolines, yard wi Je, to the present lank skirts, and Japanese or ghost-like wreaths of trains eddying round die feet. Or we have long French-formed trains much bedecked, which spread out as we walk like a peacock's taO, as I said, and are more inconvenient. The prettiest fashion, and the wisest, that we have inaugurated for a lung while is the short walk ing costume, which it is to be hoped will be come the fashion for rooms as well as for streets. Bat there Is very little chance of that—it is too rational, too pretty, ana too simple. Another hnrtful and ridiculous fashion is in the high-heeled boots, which have ag*in worked round from our great grandmothers. A slight heel is an advantage in walking, but dies*- high heels, with the excessively email surface and the sharply bevelled sides, mala walking a service of pain and difficulty. Besides, they destroy the shape of the log, which is something tobeoonsidered. They throw the weight for ward and the strain on the shin ; and conse quently, they diminish the back muscle, the calf of the leg, and toing oot die bone and muscle of the forepart into an ogly bow. The shape of our shoes and boots is in itself en outrage against common sense; bat we women are not alone in this absurdity, nor are we to blame ; so that, as these papers deal with our own Jollies specially, we may be let off any per sonal and peculiar reproof tberef ore. But what can we say of die fashion which dyes the hair, paints the cheeks, blackens the eyelids -with antimony to make the oibit look larger and die lashes longer, or that expands the pupils with belladonna, no matter at what cost of completion or f itnre eyesight ? What, too. can we say of die fashion which uncovers the arms and neck in the evening after having clothed diem through die day in flannel, or velvet, or in warm wadded stuff* * Women threatened with bronchitis or rheumatism sit all day long in a warm room muffled up to die throat in thick material; at night they uncover below their shoulders, and go out in the cold winter air with just aa opera cloak thrown over their shivering skins. But this is fashion, and none of us dare disobey it; none of us dare go out in the evening with dresses made after the pattern of our morning ones, or wear in die morning low boddicea and abort sleeves to at ' bast equine the risk, nd fame at tothe evening attire without damage. There is no intrinsic reason tkrwiAnU notallbaait ting in low bodice* and abort aleevas at ttd* very moment, though we will make it tO o'clock; but if we wereTwTohouU be thought mad or Ino^ or bciUi, and not even <mrrtao<£*rt friends would stand by as. But wholly oos thing or tbe other would be ? wiaerayetom than the pre sent, and would be pnrtietive of fewtr ca tarrhs, bronchial affeetiona, and consumptions. Ah! it is a sad thought which springs up from the last word ! If we coold ?mly see aa those removed from oar own sphere wool* aeetbe criminal felly of sacrificing beautiful and valuable Uvei to the fashion which imposes I naked necks as a rate for nuuas, cartana! ?bay a sweet yonng creature who would have lived into baupy adage as a tetovad wife tad honored mother, baa gone to mi untimely grave liecanse of tliatli^ or that party at which I alie caught coM from exposure. But fashion so willed it; and neither mother nor daughter bad strength to resist her impabwUe but absolute decree*. We all obey her: young aad old ?like: those who should keep their beauties •acred, and those who have none to afaow—she delicate who have to be kept alive by art aad care—the lean who are too ugly for any one to find pleasure in the twiiiinfliKwi of their angks—the wrinkled, aad the groat; we all parade ourselves in evening society without more disguise than a fait of gauze or lace can give, and only very few of us use that, which, even when wefl on into the fiftiea, we consider qmte annerflnona far any Uuug to be gained by concealment. Aa to <£c extent to which we cut down our baftdkea, that is a nutter too patent and too painful to be ?iUwmit't'. Hilt race among as who stall wear the dress the lowest, and show the largest ci rouse of shoul der. And yet we mean no harm : we mean only to be fashionable. That is the worst of it The nicest women among ne—pare, high-minded women, who woedd rather die than be guilty of impropriety if it appeared like an impropriety to them, and whore very innocence makes, them ragoapiaous of evil—got accustomed, as every one must mace or less, to an objectionable fashion, and follow it in pare simplicity of nature a* a thing without meaning or effect. Also, the nicest women among us are just those who always follow—who have not sufficient boldness of mind or manner to aaake a public protest against anything endorsed by the msjottty—women who are not touched by the evil of a baleful custom, and by ?lm * m., pwKy v the poison of a mischievous fashion. They follow, and their moral support bolsters up the had habit, and gnus countenance to the bad followers thereof. Bat what can wesay when originality is still censured as unwomanly, and a public protest, be it ?v?a against evBU is set down as "etroag-ntuiied" and unfemotbie ? I have taken op so much space in denonneing the folly of fashions in dress ?ely, that I have left no room for more than a few words on the foolish customs we preserve -the dropping of cards here, the making feints of visits there, the mbstitataon of Conns and iwmmfff every where Cor real hearty friendly iulatuiusa. So far at feast we are honest, that we do not pre tend to mate omr intercourse friendly. It a* a ?ham throughout, and we are not —?—m?i to ! confess to the make-believes we cherish. We all know all abort the nttrniag calla we pay w religioasly; we all know how delighted we are when the answer is, "Not at home." We may express our sorrow to each other when we next meet, and a few of the simpkvadaded amass; to may believe in the regret so gliMy pro nounced; hot we are like the old Boman augurs in this, an<t if we do not langh in each other's faces it is not from want of knowing what pretty little hypocrisy we are playing, bat iimply f ron the conventional good trading which makes laughing in a person's face vulgar and ill-bred. Onr dinners, onr eveaiiar parties, onr moralities, onr whoteannaur at being,en— into the category of fsshtnaia, more or leas fooito according to the iadmdusl, bnt always fashion-always things regulate* by an arbi trary law that is not intrinsic or fundamental. It is worth considering, though, how much we ahonld lose as well as gain by the open renun ciation of authority (which faduon in its •iOr way represents as the goldea aide of its tar nished medal); and how we auouU Care, all things consioWcd, if wo wir^n became inde pendent and above the general bur. If we were all wise we ahonU do well; bnt are we not too sffly yet to be left free to follow each her own desires? The very fooUahsns of oar bshiam, I am afraid, proves this; and the almost as striking fooUshneM of onr dissent shows how little we can carabine revolt with prudence, and how our opposition to black is not necessarily white. Kut a better day will cone in the fntnre; meanwhile, those of ns who think that the tyranny of fashion is a thug to denounce, most do ma with the wisdom of oapents and with the meekness nf doves, and nuke out re bellion re>pectabUby its ntuxuttty, its beauty, and Us usefulness.—Tfc* Bntdmag. 