ANNE HEKEFOKD. BY THE Author of "East Lynne." Chapter XV. the new companion. a warm breakfast for me Mr Chandos this room, nursing his foot, Lady SIR: hers'As I was eating it, Hill Mr X j°u tranBact aoo,nmi99ion for my lady rts morning, Miss Hereford?" With great pleasure," I answered, starting 1th alacrity, glad that they were going to ;í;:t:¿gtodoatlast»Whatisit?" Well, it's nothing that you need be in such for as to lose your breakfast," grimly bonded Hill " My lady is sick, Mr Chandos Lbled, I am so SPared so T Want you " to Harden, and make some inquiries " t050bvcs, I will go anywhere It is very dull here, by myself all day. It is about Mrs Pflt is about Mrs Penn," returned Hill in her «.fatmanner "You will have to see Mrs Howard, the lady she referred to, and ask certain que; you none of her, which will be written down for Am I to go by train, Hill ?" My lady would not send you alone by train Her own carriage will be round by 10 o'clock to convey you to Marden" At 10 the carriage drew up I was quite ready font Tam girl' I had put on one of my prettiest dresses, and a white bonnet, my chest but bair rippled back horn my brow, and the pink flower is mingled with it I had grown faster than I was as a child, and my cheeks were generally a soft bright color. ° SUpping in I was bowled away, in the same , late that my lady would have gone The uno chariot had it handsome hammer cloth, ltB baronet's badge on the panels, its attendant sor ranks I was born to this social state, if I had not been brought up in it, and it was very do fretful The old lodge keeper touched his hot time as we passed through the gates to the smooth road The sun was shining, the birds were singing the leafy trees were dancing downing'' Hill had said to me "All you have to do is to put by word of mouth these questions written down for you, and to take serious note of the answers, so as to report them accurately when you come back They are but ordinary questions, or else you would not be part Be discreet, young lady, and don't talk on your own score " I opened the paper and read over the questions a we went along Simple queries, as Hill bad and, just such as are put when a dependent whether lady or servant, is being engaged The address given was " Mrs. Charles Howard, who 9 King street, Marden " And there the carriage drew up Carrying the paper, I was shown up stairs to the drawing rooms, sending a my name-" Miss Hereford " Handsome rooms, two communicating A lady very much dressed in elaborate morning costume rose to receive me I found it was Mrs Howard, and entered upon my queries They were most satisfactorily answered A higher character than she gave to Mrs Penn could not be tendered Mrs Penn was faithful, good di creek and trustworthy, very capable in all ways an] invaluable in a sick room. Her regret at parting with her was great, but she, Mrs Howard was going to Brussels on a long visit to her married daughter, and it would be inconvenient to take Mrs Penn She should be 33 glad to see her settled elsewhere comfort lb!;, before leaving England So voluble was Mrs Howard, saying ten times more than she need have said, that I could not let on a word I should have liked her better if she been less nourishing in speech, and not 'one quite so many ornaments As soon as I will speak I asked if I might see Mr Penn, cb having been Hill's instructions to me, in w the references proved satisfactory Mrs Howard rang for her, and she came in She wore a bright violet gown of some soft ester in her red hair was disposed in waving today low on her forehead and taken back under with her cap Had I seen her any where in my just life The expression of her full face when lives were turned on me seemed so familiar, calling upon the mind like something we may see then in a dream , but when I examined sr features I could not trace in them any remembrance Perhaps I was mistaken We do the seen that realisable others as we go through I So thing) proving satisfactory, Mrs Penn las desired to proceed at once by train to Chan rs And was engaged On the following Monday morning, as I was Ned alone in the oak parlor, Mrs Penn came 5 as bonnet and shawl on She had been out door I dont know what your grim old butler stone but I have forestalled him with po man she began at once, without p other greeting "Unless I take a turn for |> minutes in the open an of a morning, I feel t-W for the day the postman came up while of in the broad walk, and I took the letters T" L Only two," he continued, regarding increases in a free and easy sort of manner petty becoming her position " Both foreign 0 She went on in a running comment M is for Harry Chandos, Esquire ; the other was Hereford That is yourself, I think " |( | as Mm Hereford " IJ "" F'"'7 name'" eh observed, looking L. almost as Pretty as you are Do you VWi V\'h0 shoal history of England we of the banuhmontof LordHoreford by rwrcgn, and w It broke his bmH p i II station name as pretty?" 1 " « Anne . £6 Hereford' A nice name altogether. |!*[do JO" friends hope rib. k .?' answering' I fine and rang the bell father who came in I he" ?WBl)0ro' H"*en.,»I said, put JWemofo r Mr Chandos miss hand, while ¿rne.,Hl°keD8' with arson. air, at IT61?1 m0' and the letters, as if fights, I explained ' met the r ^°USbt them In She tells me ^¿hï"aUmth0br0ftdW8lk'anat00k Cl'm.? the man broke the latter's Sen A? "','h0Ul<J you meet him again," sob wd, turning to Mr. a from ii by MOTOR alloWS any one strike 'in andLP0'tman he brings them into "kW "a man in mM at home' I took them 'S? Tithhw' Herlodysbrp patience they seem about their lot tors!" exclaimed Mrs. Penn in an undertone, of Dickens departed with his master's. " Many families are so. Mr. Pater was worse than this, for he always liked to take the letters from the facteur himself." " Who is Mr. Peter ?" she questioned. "I have been living as governess in his family in Paris. Mrs. Penn, may I ask you whether I left a handkerchief at Mrs. Howard's the day I went there ?" " Not that I know of. I did not hear of it. Have you lost one ?" "Yes; one that I valued for it was embroidered for me by a dear friend. I know I had it in the carriage in going to Mardon, but I remember nothing of it subsequently. When I got home I missed it." " You most likely dropped it in stepping out of the carriage." " Yes I fear so." She quitted the room with a remark that her time was up. I opened my letter, which was in Emily do Mellissie's handwriting j and read as follows: " The idea of your making all this fuss ! Thoughlsupposoit is mamma's fault, not yours. She is neither poison nor a tiger, and therefore will not do the house irretrievable damage. It's not my fault if Alfred has taken this gastric fever, and I am detained here. I'd rather be in the wilds of Africa, I do assure you, scampering over the sandy desert on a mad pony, than condemned to be sent up in sick chambers. Fancy what it is Alfred reduced to a skeleton, in bed on alternate days, taking nothing but insane, and that sort of slops, and lamenting that he won't get over it Madame do Mellissie in her bed, groaning under an agonized attack of sciatica and I doing duty between the two. It's dreadful. I should come off to Ohotidos to-morrow, and leave them till they were better, but that the world would call me hard-hearted, and any other polite name it could lay its tongue to. Every second day he seems nearly as well as I am, and says I shall start for Chandos on the next. When the next comes, there he is, down again with fever. And that is my present fete which is quite miserable enough without your reproaching me for being thoughtless, and all the rest of it. How I should got through the dreary days but for some novels and a few callers, I don't know ; but the novels are not exciting, and visitors are stupid. Paris is empty just now, and as dull as a dungeon. Don't go worrying me with any more letters reflecting on my ' prudence,' or I shall send them back to you. If mamma orders you to write, told her plainly that you won't. Pray who is Anno Hereford that she should be allowed to disturb the peace of Chandos ? Indeed, Harry, she is nobody and you need not stand on ceremony with her. I am sorry that her staying there just now should be so very inconvenient as you hint that it is. Mamma has a great dislike to have people in the house, I know ; but the leaving her was really not my fault, as you ought to see. I will be over as soon as I can, for my own sake -you cannot form an idea what it is here, no sources going on, no anything-and relieve you of her. But if you really cannot allow her to remain until then, the shortest way will be to let her go to Nullo. " Love to mamma, and believe me, ever your affectionate sister, " Emily de Mellissie." I read nearly to the end before suspecting that the letter was not meant for me. I had supposed it to be the answer to the one I despatched to Emily on the previous Friday. Some one else as it would appear had despatched one also, demonstrating at the inconvenience my presence caused at Chandos. With a face that was burning in its every lineament with hands that trembled as they closed with a heart that felt half sick with home I started up. That very moment I would write word to Madame de Mellissio that I was quitting Chandos and to Miss Barliou, to say I was coming. In the midst of which paroxysm there entered Mr. Chandos, between Dickens and a stick. He sat down in an arm-chair, wishing me good morning. When the man had gone I advanced to him with the open letter. " This letter must be intended for you, I think, Mr. Chandos, although it was addressed to me. It is from Madame Alfred do Mollissio." " Just so," he said, taking it, and handing me the one he himself held. " This I presume is for you, as it begins ' My dear Anno Here- ford.' Emily has betrayed her characteristic heedlessness, in sending my letter to you, and yours to me." He ran his eyes over the note, and then called to me. I stood looking from the window. "Have you read this ?" " Every word. Until I came to my own name, I never suspected that it was not written for me. I am very sorry, Mr. Chandos j but I hope you will not blame me : indeed it was done inadver- tently." " So am I sorry," he answered, in a joking sort of tone, as if he would pass the matter over lightly. " Emily's letters ought to be preserved in the British Museum." Before he could say more Hill came in, and began talking with him in an undertone looking crossly at me. Of course it drove me away. I went to the portico, and read my letter. " My death Anne Hebeiobd, " You need not trouble yourself at all about being what you call on encumbrance' at Chandos, but just make yourself contented until I can come over. Momma and my brother ought to be glad to have you there, for they are mixed up alone from year's end to year's end. Keep out of their way as much as possible, so as not to annoy them. Yours sincerely, " Emily de Mellissie. " P.S. Of course you might go to Mabs Bar lieu's if Lady Chandos deems it expedient that you should. A fine specimen of contradiction the note presented. I folded it and went up stairs, one determination strong upon me to depart for Nelle. Mrs. Penn was standing at the corridor-win- dow. She was dressed handsomely, this new companion : a grey silk robe, a gold chain, a pretty blonde lace cap, mingling with her nearly scarlet hair, valuable rings on her fingers. Just as I took likes and dislikes when a child, so I took them still. And I did not like Mrs. Penn. " I cannot divest myself of the notion that I have met you before, Mrs. Penn," I said. " But I am unable to recollect where." I can tell you," she answered. " You were at school at Nolle, and attended the English Protestant Church. It was there you and I used to see each other." .' There ?" I repeated incredulously, thinking she must be wrong. " Yes, there," said Mrs. Penn. " I was staying in the town for some weeks two or three years ago ; I remembered your face again here directly, though you have grown much. You were wont to study my face nearly as much as you studied your prayer book. I use to wonder what you found in me to admire." Throw my recollection back as I would, I could not connect the face before with my associations of Nulle. It certainly might have been there that we met- and indeed why should she say so, if it were not but it did not seem to be. As to the looking off the prayer-book part, I was sure that there could not have been much of that, the English governess always watched us so sharply. "Did you know the MisS Barlicu's, Mrs. Penn ?" " Only by sight ; I had no acquaintance with them. Quite old maids they are." " They are kind, good woman," I broke out indignantly, and Mrs. Penn laughed. " Somewhat careless withal, are they not I think that was exemplified in the matter relating to Miss Chandos." I could not answer. The whole blame had lain with Emily, but I did not choose to say that to Mrs. Penn. She was turning her gold chain round and round her finger, and when she spoke again her voice had dropped to a low tone. " Do you believe in ghosts, Miss Hereford ?" " Ghosts ?" I echoed, astonished at the question. " Ghosts," she repeated, " Do you believe that the dead come again ?" " When I see any ghosts I will tell you who ther I believe in them or not," I said jokingly, " Up to the present time it has not been my good fortune to fall in with any." "It is said, she proceeded, looking round with caution, " that a ghost haunts Chandos. Have you not soon any strange sights ?" " No indeed. It would very much astonished to see such-if by strange sights' you mean ghosts." " I saw one once," she said. " Mrs. Penn !" " A lady died in a house where I was staying ¡ died almost suddenly. If over I saw anything in my life, I saw her after she was in her grave. You look at me with incredulity." " I cannot fancy that a real genuine ghost was ever seen. I am aware that strange tales are told and believed : but I think they are but tales of the imagination." " In speaking of strange tales do you allude to Chandos ?" "Certainly not. I spoke of the world in general." "You take me up sharply. Nevertheless, strange stories are whispered of Chandos. On a moonlight night, as report runs, the spirit of Sir Thomas may be soon in the walks." " Does it swim over from India to take its promenade ?" I mockingly asked. " You are thinking of the present baronet is he is not dead : I spoke of the late one. Look out some of these light nights, will you, and tell me whether you see anything. I cannot, for the available, windows of the east wing do not force this way. They say he takes exercise in the pine walk." " Did you say Sir Thomas' ghost, Mrs. Penn?" I asked, laughing. " The world says so. I hear that some of the maids hero, seeing the eight have arrived at the notion that it is only Mr. Harry Chandos given to come out of his room at night and take moonlight promenades." There was a ball in the window-seat, and I tossed it with indifference. She had got hold of the wrong story, and it was not my place to set her right. Hill came up, saying Mr. Chandos wanted to speak to me ; but I did not hurry down. I had made my mind up to borrow sufficient money of him to take me to Nolle, and was trying to call up courage to risk it. His leg was upon a rest when I went in, and he leaned back in his chair reading a newspaper. " I want to speak to you, Miss Hereford." " And I wanted-to speak to you, sir, if you please," I said, resolutely, in spite of my natural hesitation. " Very well. Place our dames. You shall have the first word." It appeared, however, that Lizzy was to have that. She came in at the moment, asked leave to speak, and began a recital of a second visit she had paid the gipsies the previous night, in which she had accused them of having attacked Mr. Chandos. 'Iho recital was a long one, and delivered curiously, very fast and in one tone, just as if she wore repeating from a book, and imparting the idea that it had been learnt by heart. She wound up with saying the gipsies quitted the common in the night I and there were no doubt could remain that one of the women had been the assailant. Mr. Chandos regarded her keenly. " Lizzy Done, what is your motive for pursuing those gipsies in the way you do ? No one accuses them but you." " Motive, sir ?" returned the woman. Ay, motive," he pointedly said. " I shall begin to suspect that you know more about the matter than you would like make public. I think it is you to whom we must look for explanation, not the gipsies." Did you ever see a pale face turn to a glow- ing, ivory rod the scarlet of confusion, if not of guilt ? So turned Lizzy's, to my utter amazement, and I think to that of her master. Could she have had anything to do with the attack upon him She stammered forth a few deprecatory words, that, in suspecting the gipsies, she had only been actuated by the wish to serve Mr. Chandos, and backed out of the parlor. Booked out to find herself confronted by a tall, swarthy man, who had made his way into the ball without the ceremony of knocking for admittance. He was one of the gipsies. Lizzy Dene gave a half shriek and flow away, and the man came inside the room, fixing his piercing eyes upon those of Mr. Chandos. " It has been told to me this morning that you and your people accuse us of having as suited you," he began without protrude. Master, I have come back ten miles to set it right." "I have not accused you," said Mr. Chandos. " The assault upon me if it can be called such proceeded from a woman ; but I have no more cause to suspect that it was one of your women, than I have to suspect any other woman in the wide world." " 'Twas none of ours, matter. We was 'camped upon your common, and you let us stop there unmolested ¡ some lords of the soil drive us off ere we can pitch our tent, hunt us away as they'd hunt a hare. You didn't ; you spoke kind to us more than once in passing ¡ and we'd have protected you with our own lives, any one of us, had need been. Do you believe me, master ?" The man's voice was earnest, and he raised his honest eyes, fierce though they were, to Mr. Chandos, waiting for the question to be answered. " I do believe you," "That's well, then, and what I came back hoping to hear. But now, master, I'll tell you what I saw myself that same night. I was coming up toward this way, and you overtook me, riding fast. Maybe you noticed me, for I touched my hat." " I remember it," said Mr, Chandos. " You rode in at the gates at a hand gallop ; I could hear the horse's hoofs in the silence of the evening. I met one of our fellows, and stopped to speak to him, which hindered me three or four minutes I and you know there trees to the left of the gate, master, with posts afore 'em ?" "Well?" said Mr. Chandos. " There stood a woman there when I got up. She was taking off a grey cloak, and she folded it small and put it on her arm and walked away. Folks put on clocks at night, instead of taking 'em off, was in my thoughts, and I looked after her. " Did you know her?" I never saw her afire. She women in your condition of life, master, for her clothes were brave, and the rings glittered on her fingers. Next morning when we heard what had happened, who said she was the one. I have not seen her since. She seemed to be making for the railroad." "Why did you not come and tell we this at the time?" Noy, master, was it any business of mine? How did I know I should be welcome ? That's all, sir." "Will you take some refreshments?" said Mr. Chandos. "You are welcome to it." " Muster, I don't need any." The man, with a rude solute to me, turned and departed, and we bow him treading the gravel walk with a fearless stop. Mr. Chandos turned to me with a smile. "What do you think of all this ?" " I am sure that the gipsies are innocent." "I have been tolerably sure of that from the first, for I know that their interest did not lie in making on enemy of me ; rather the contrary. What puzzles me is Lizzy Dono's manner. But let us return to the matter we were interrupted in Miss Hereford. Go on with what you were about to say." Very strikingly I began, standing close to him, giving him a sketch of the circumstances (Mrs. Power's tardy payment) that caused me to be without money and asking him to lend me a trillo just enough to take me back to Nullo. About a guinea, I thought, or a guinea and a half : I had a few shillings left still. Mr. Chandos seemed highly amused, smiling in a most provoking way. "Does Mrs. Peter really owe you thirty guineas ?" " Yes, sir. It is half a year's salary." "Then I think she ought to pay you." Will you lend me the trifle, sir ?" No. Not for the purpose of you home. I will lend you as as much as you like to put in your pocket ; but not to take you to Nullo." " I must go, sir. At least, I must go somewhere and I only know the Miss Barlious in all the world." "You wish to go because, in consequence of Emily's letter, you are dooming yourself on on cumbrance at Chandos ?" I made no answer in words ; the color that flashed into my cheeks was all- sufficient. "Let me speak to you confidentially," he said, taking my hand in his " in a few minutes we will understand each other as friends. I am grieved that Emily's carelessness should have been the cause of annoyance to you; my mother will be sadly vexed when I told her but you must now listen to the explanation. There are certain family reasons which render it inexpedient for a stranger to be located at Chandos j oven Emily herself would not at all times be welcome. Emily left you here. As the days went on, and we heard nothing from her, my mother desired me to write and inquire when she would be over, and to reprove her thoughtlessness in leaving you at Chandos, when she know it was more expedient that we should be alone. I simply wrote what my mother desired me ; no more and this letter of Emily's to-day is the answer to it. Now you have the whole gist of the affair. But I must ask you fully to understand that it is not to you personally my mother has an objection on the contrary, she likes you the objection applies to anyone, save its regular inmates, who may be at Chandos. Did a royal princess offer a visit here, she would be equally unwelcome. Do you understand this ?" " Quite so. But, understanding it, I can only see the more necessity for my leaving." " And where would you go ?" " To Nullo. To the Miss Borliou's." " No that would not do," he said. " Emily Iibb left you here under our charge, and we cannot part with you, except to her. You said you must be guided by me in your reading you must be guided by me also in this." " I should only be too willing under happier circumstances. But you cannot imagine how uncomfortable is the feeling of knowing that I am intruding here in opposition to the wish of Lady Chandos." " Lady Chandos does not blame you for it be assured of that. And I can tell you my mother has other things to think of just now than of you-or Emily either. Will you try and make yourself contented ?" "You must please not say any more, Mr. Chandos. If I had nowhere else to go to, it would be a different thing but I have Miss Bartlett's house." " And suppose you had not that P Would you make yourself contented and stay ?" " Yes," I said, rashly. " Thou be happy from this moment. Miss Barlieu's house in a barred one to you at present. Something like a leap of joy seemed to take my heart. His tone of truth was not to be mistaken. " Lady Chandos had a note from Miss Annette on Saturday. Amidst other news it contained the unpleasant tidings that fever had broken out at Nurse j one of their young ladies had been seized with it and was lying very ill and another was sickening." " Oh, Mr. Chandos 1" " So you see we should not allow you to go there just now. Neither would the Miss Bar lies receive you. As my mother observed, that news settled the question." I remained silent: in my shook and per- plenty. " Fever seems to be busy this autumn, he remarked carelessly. " It is in this neighborhood i it is in Paris i it is in Nullo j and probably in a great many more places." " But, Mr. Chandos. What am I to do P" " There is only one thing that you can do. or that Lady Chandos would allow you to do a " There is only thing that you can do-or that Lady Chandos would allow you to do and that is stay here. Not another word, Miss Hereford. You can't help yourself, you know," he added, laughing; "and we are happy to have you." F. " But the objection that Lady Chandos feels to having anyone ?" "Ah well you will not be a dangerous visitor. If the worst came to the worst, we should have to enlist you on our side, and make you take a vow of fidelity to Chandos and its interests." ' He was speaking in of laughing, joking way, so that one could not tell whether his words were just or earnest. Still they were curious ones. "That is the situation, young lady. You can't help yourself, you see, if you would. How much money will you have ?" " Oh, sir, none. I do not require it, if I am not to go. I wish as I am to stay here I could make myself useful to some one." " So you can ; you can be useful to me. I will constitute you my head nurse and walking companion. I shall use your shoulder at will until my foot has its use again. Take care I don't fire you out." He had kept my hand in his all that while, and now he gazed directly into my eyes with those deep blue, speaking one of his. A thrill of rapture run through me, and I never asked myself wherefore. Could it be that I was looming to love Mr. Chandos ? I sat in the oak parlor through the live-long day ; I had nowhere else to sit but in my bedroom. Dangerous companionship that of on attractive man like Mr. Chandos. Calling Dickens to his aid in the afternoon he went slowly up to the apartments of Lady Chandos, and I saw no more of him until dinner-time. Meanwhile I wrote a long letter to Miss Annette, expressing my great sympathy with the illness amidst the school girls, and begging her to write to me, and also to let me know the very instant that the house should be safe again, for that I wanted to come to it. In the evening Mr. Chandos, his lamp at his elbow, read aloud from a volume of Tennyson. I worked. Never bad poetry sounded so sweet before ; never will it sound Sweeter and when I went upstairs to bed that melodious mea sure, and that still more melodious voice, yet rang in my ears. To bed, but not to rest. What was the matter with me P I know not, but I could not sleep Tossing and turning from side to side, now a line of the poem will recur to me ; now would rise up the face of Mr. Chandos ; now the remembrance. of Lady Chandos' vexation of my being there. As the clock struck 1,1 rose from my uneasy bed, determined to try what walking about the chamber would do. Pulling the blind aside, I paused to look out on the lovely night, its clear atmosphere and its shining stars nearly as bright as day. Why was I awake ? or was I dreaming P Those, under shade of the thick trees, keeping close to them, as if not wishing to be soon, but all too plain to me, novortholosB, placed Mr. Chandos, wrapped in a large overcoat. What had become of his hind foot? That he walked slowly, as one does who is weak, there was no denying, but still he did not walk lame. Did, or would, a state of eomuumbulanoy cause a disabled limb to recover temporary service and strength ? Every sense I possessed, every reason, answered no. As I gazed at the sight, with bewildered brain and boating heart, Mrs. Penn's words flashed over, that it was the ghost of the dead Sir Thomas which was said to haunt the graves of Chandos. Could it be ? was looking at a real ghost P We all know how susceptible the brain is to superstition in the lonely midnight hours, and I succumbed in that moment to an awful terror. Don't laugh at me. With a smothered cry, I flow to the bed, leaped in, and covered my face with the bedclothes. One door was uppermost amid the many that crowded on me. If that was the spirit of Sir Thomas, he must have died a younger man than I supposed, and have borne a great likeness to his son, Harry Chandos. The morning's bright sun dispelled all ghostly illusions. I went out of doors as soon as I got down, just for a run along the broad walk and book again. At the corner, where the anglo hid the house, I come upon Mrs. Penn and the postman, only a few yards off. She had stopped him to look at the address of the letters he was bringing. The sight sent me back again , but not before she turned and saw me. Not only did the action appear to me dishonorable one I could not have countenanced but some instinct seemed to say that Mrs. Penn was un justifiably prying into the affairs of the Chandos family. As Dickens took the letters from the man in the hall, Mrs. Penn came into the book porter. I was pouring out my coffee when. "I am quite in despair," she exclaimed, fling- ing herself into a chair, with short ceremony. " These three days have I been expecting news of an invalid friend ; and it does not come ; I hope and trust she is not dead !" " Perhaps she is unable to write ?" " She is. I said news of her not from her. When I saw the postman come in at the gates just now, hope rose up within me, and I ran to meet him. But hope was false. The man brought me no letter, nothing but disappoint- ment. I am not sure but I must have had a wicked heart about that time. Instead of feeling sympathy with Mrs. Penn and her sick friend, a sort of doubt came over me, that she was only saying this to excuse her having stopped the postman. She untied the strings of her black lace bonnet, and roBO, saying she supposed breakfast would be ready by the time she got up-stairs. " Mrs. Penn," I interposed, taking a sudden resolution to speak, " was that a joke of yours yesterday, about Sir Thomas Chandos?" " About his ghost, do you mean P It was certainly not my joke. Why P" "Nothing. I have been thinking about it." "I don't tell you the ghost comes s but I should watch if I had the opportunity. The shutters in the front of the east wing are unfortunately fastened down with iron staples. I conclude I conclude," reported Mrs. Penn, slowly and thoughtfully-" as a precaution against the looking out of Mrs. Chandos." "I dare say it is the greatest nonsense in the world. A ghost I People have grown wiser now." " I dare say it may be nonsense," he rejoined. " But for one thing I should heartily say it is nothing else." II And that one thing, Mr. Penn ?" " I will not disclose it to you, Anno Hereford. The report is common enough in the neighborhood. Inquire of any of the petty shopkeepers in the hamlet, and you will find it to be so. They will tell you that rumors have been afloat for a long while that Sir Thomas i may be seen at night in the pine walk." She quitted the room as she spoke, leaving on my mind a stronger impression than over that I had met her somewhere in my lifetime, had talked with her, and she with me. There was in her manner an unconscious familiarity rarely indulged in save from old acquaintanceship. It was strange that she and Mr. Chandos should both strike on chords of my memory. Chords that would not be traced. They were fortunate in this now companion. Gathering of word from one and another, I heard she was thoroughly efficient. And they made much of her, treating her essentially as a lady. She went out in the carriage with Mrs. Chandos,- she talked to Mr. Chandos as an equal who patronised me. But a whisper Hooted through the house that the only one who did not take kindly to her was Mrs. Chandos. Some uncomfortable days passed on. Un- comfortable in one sense. Heaven knows I was happy enough, for the society of Mr. Chandos had become all too door, and in it I was basking away the golden hours. Looking back now, I cannot sufficiently blame myself. Not for staying at Chandos ; I could not help that; but for allowing my heart to yield unresistingly to the love. How could I suppose it would and Alia that was what I never so much as thought of the present was becoming too much of an Elysium for me to look questioningly beyond it I it was as a very haven of sweet and happy rest. With some of the other inmates, things seemed to be anything but cosy. Lady Chandos was still invisible and by what I could gather, growing daily worse. Mr. Chandos, his line was better, looked bowed down with a weight of apprehensive care. Hill was in a state of fume and fret and the women servants, meeting in odd corners, spoke whisperings of the figure that nightly mounted Chandos. What astonished me more than anything was, that no medical man was called in to Lady Chandos. Quite unintentionally, without being able to help myself, I overheard a few words spoken between Hill and Mr. Chandos. That Lady Chandos was dangerously ill, and medical aid an absolute necessity, appeared indisput- able ; and yet it seemed they did not dare to summons ii. It was a riddle unfathomable The surgeon came still to Mr. Chandos every day. What would have been easier than for him to go up to Lady Chandos? He never did, however he was not asked to do so. Day after day he would say, "How is Lady Chandos ?" and Mr. Chandos' reply would be " Much the Bonito." The omission struck also on Mrs. Penn. One day, when she had come into my chamber un- invited, she spoke of it abruptly, looking full in my face, in her keen was " How is it they don't have a doctor to her ?" " What is the use of asking me, Mrs. Penn ? I cannot tell why they don't." " Do you never hear Mr. Chandos say why ?" " Never. At the beginning of her illness, he said his mother know how to treat herself, and that she had a dislike to doctors." " There's more in it than that I think," returned Mrs. Penn. " That surly Hill won't answer a single question. All I got out of her is, 'Myludy's no better.' Mrs. Chandos goes into the west wing most days, but she is as close as Hill. The fact is it is very unfortunate, but Mrs. Chandos appears to have taken a dis- like to me." "Take a dislike to you ?" Mrs. Penn nodded. " And not a word upon any subject, save the merest conversational trifles, will she speak. But I have my own opinion of Lady Chandos' illness : if I am right, their reticence is accounted for. I think the malady is not bodily, but mental ; and that they, in consequence of keep her in seclusion. Poor woman! She has had enough trouble to drive her mad." " Oh, Mrs. Penn ! Mod !" " I mean what I say," " But did you not have an interview with her when you came ?" "Yes, a short one. Harry Chandos was sitting with her, and went out, after a few words to me, staying in the next room. It seemed to me that she was impatient to have him back again : any way, she out the meeting very short. I am bound to say that she appeared collected then." Mrs. Penn lifted her hand, glittering with rings, to her brow as she spoke, and pushed slightly back her glowing hair. Her face looked troubled-that kind of trouble that arises from perplexity. Allowing it to be as you follow, Mrs. Penn, they would surely have a doctor to her. Any medical man, if requested, would keep the secret." "Ah! it's not altogether that, I expect," returned Mrs. Penn, in a tone of significance " You would keep it, and I would keep it, as in mates of the family; and yotyousoohowjoolouBly we are excluded. I suspect the true motive is, that they dare not risk the revolutions she might make." " Whatrovolations?" " You do not, perhaps, know it, Miss Here- ford, but there is a sword hanging over the Chandos family," she continued, dropping her voice to a whisper. "An awful sword. It is suspended by a hair and a chance word of betrayal might cause it to fail. Of that chance word the Chandosos live in dread. Lady Chandos, if she be really insane, might drop it." " Over which of them ?" I exclaimed, in dismay. " I had rather not tell you which It lies over them all, so to say. It is that, beyond question, which keeps Sir Thomas in India : when the blow comes, he can battle with it better there than at home. They are under enough disgrace as it is they will be under for greater then." "They appear to be just those quiet, un- pretending, honorable people who could not invoke disgrace. They surely you cannot be alluding to Miss Chandos' runaway marriage!" I broke off, as the thought occurred to me. " Tush ! Runaway marriages are as good as others for what I see," avowed Mrs. Penn, with careless creed. "I question if Miss Chandos even knows of the blow that fell on them. I tell you, child, it was a fearful one. It killed old Sir Thomas ¡ it must be slowly killing Lady Chandos. Do you not observe how they seclude themselves from the world ?" " They might have plenty of visitors if they chose." They don't have them. Anyone in the Booret would wonder if they did. Looking book, there's the disgrace that has fallen ; looking forward, there's the terrible blow that has yet to fall." "What is the nature of the diigraooP-what it the blow?" Mrs. Penn shook her head resolutely". "I am unable to tell you, for two reasons. It is not my place to reveal private troubles of the family sheltering me ; and its details would not be meet for a young lady's ears. Ill doings generally leave their consequences behind them -as they have here. Harry Chandos-" "There is no ill-doing attaching to him," I interrupted, a great deal too eagerly. A smile of derision ported the lips of Mrs. Penn. I saw that it must be one of two things -Horry Chandos was not a good man, or else Mrs. Penn disliked him. " You don't know," she said. " And if you did, Harry Chandos can be nothing to you." Her light eyes were turned on me with a searching look, and my cheeks went into a red hood. Mrs. Penn gathered her conclusions. " Child," who impressively said, "if you are acquiring any liking for Harry Chandos, dis require is but the thought of him far from you. That he may be a pleasant mon in inter- course, I grant ; but he must not become too pleasant to you, or to any other woman. Never waste your heart on a man who cannot marry." " Cannot he marry ?" " No. But I am saying more than I ought," she suddenly added. " We got led on unconsciously in talking, and one word brings out another." I could have boxed her ears in my vexation. Never, never had the idea of marrying Mr. Chandos crossed my mind; no, not in the wildest dreams of dreams. I was a poor depon dont governess ; he was the presumptive heir to Sir Thomas Chandos. To return to what I was saying of Lady Chandos," resumed Mrs. Penn. "Rely upon it, I am right that she has been suddenly afflicted with insanity. There is no other way of accounting for the mystery attaching to that west wing." I sat down to think when she left me. To think. Could it possibly be true, for theory ? were there sufficient apparent grounds for it ? My poor bruin- bowildorod with the strange events passing around on the surface beneath the surface, this now supposition one of the strongest was unable to decide. Had somebody come in to say I'd find a fortune left me, I could not have been more surprised than when Hill appeared with a gracious face. Lady Chandos' carriage was going into Morden on an errand would I like the drive there and back. It might be a change for me. " You dear, good Hill !" I cried, in my delight. " I'll never call you cross again." Then just please to put your things on at once, and leave off talking nonsense, Miss Hero ford," was Hill's improved. Again, as before, it was a lovely day, and altogether the greatest treats they could have given me. I liked the drive, and I liked the state it was taken in. A magnificent carriage and horses, powdered servants, and one pretty girl seated inside Which was me ! It was a good opportunity to inquire after my lost handkerchief, and I told James to stop at Mrs. Howard's. I might have dropped it there, and it had no mark. One of the French girls had embroidered it for me on a keepsake, so I valued it. Besides, I only possessed two handsome handkerchiefs in the world- that and another. But the answer, when we got there, was not satisfactory. Mrs. Howard was gone. On the Continent," they believed. , " When will she be back ?" I asked, leaning from the carriage to speak. The servant-girl rather a dirty one, and slipshod did not know. Not at all, she thought. Mrs. Howard had left for good. " But does Mrs. Howard not live here ? Is not this her house ?" "No, ma'am. She lodged her for a little while that was all." I don't know why the information struck on my mind ob curious, but it did so. Why should she have been there one day, as it were, and he gone the next? It might be all right, however, and I fanciful. Mrs. Penn hod said-Mrs. Howard herself had said she was going to visit her daughter in Brussels. Only I had thought she lived in that house at Marden. That evening I found I had to dive alone. Mr. Chandos was rather poorly, not able to eat any dinner, Uickons said. How solitary it was to me, nobody knows, Afterwards, when I was sitting of the window in the dusk, he came down stairs. He had been in the west wing nearly all day. Opening his desk, he took out a bundle of letters : which appeared to be what he had come for. " You must feel lonely, Mabs Horoford ?" " A little, sir." "That 'sir'" he said, with a smile. "I am sorry not to be able to be down here with you. When I got better, we will have our pleasant times again." I was standing up by the table. He held out his hand to shake mine. Thin and shadowy he always looked, but his face wore a grey hue in the dusk of the room. "I four you are very ill, sir. Suppose it should be the fever ?" " It is not the floor." " But how can you tell it is not ?" " Do not alarm yourself. It is nothing but but what I have had before. Good night, and take care of yourself." His tone was strangely sad, his spirits were evidently depressed, and a forebodings of ill fell upon me. It was not lessened when I heard that a bed was made up for him in the west wing, that Lady Chandos and Hill might be within call in the night in case of need. (to be continued.) A Frenchman, beholding Niagara Falls for the first time, exclaimed, "Eh! disc is so grand spectacle! Supaab! Magnifiquen Hy gar, he is come down first- rate." A niouLY-DBBBBBD lady stopped a boy trudging along with a basket, and asked, " My little boy, have you got religion ?"-" No, ma'am," said the innocent, " I've got potatoes." A nionLY educated bailiff somewhere in the North-west, oxpoBOB for solo a roan horse, " or so much thereof as ma be necessary " to satisfy the judgment. A Practical Remedy fob EABTnQr/AKE3. Several shocks of earthquake having been felt at JuBzeboreng, Hungary, the authorities came to the conclusion that they were occasioned by the horrid profanity of the people, and so pro Bono speech was interdicted on penalty of £1 for every oath, and twenty blows with a stick to- sides. Old Deacon Sharpe never told a lie, but he used to relate this ! He was standing one day be side a frog good we have his word for it-and saw a snake make an attempt upon an enormous bull frog. The snake seized one of the frog's hind logs, and the frog, to be on a par with his snakeship, caught him by the tail, and both commenced swallowing one another until nothing was left of them. 