TALES AND SKETCHES. ? — -». ? THE PHANTOM O# DEADMOOB ? TOWER. ? faflOM CHAMBERS'S JOURNAL.} At flift o'elack one fine autumnal morning:,, Seymour and 1 stood on the deck of a _ London* steamer, which -Was ensing, and stopping, and turning astern, and going on, in her endeavors to lay herself alongside the qpay of a foreign town, without smashing any of the smalles vessels whioh were in her way. ' Upon my word, this is delightful,' said my friend. ' The voyage haa been a pleasure-trip unread of a bore. I have had a good night'B rest, ai:-J i feel as fresh as a lark, instead of being jaded, and anxious to get to bed, sa usual on arriving at the end of a long journey* And then one. ? always gets a disappointing impression of a town on driving into it from a station, whiob is invariably in the worst quarter'; whsfeas, look there ! Why, it is more like a scene in & : theatre than' anything in real life. I declare I will never go abroad by short sea-passage and rail again, if I can help it.'. .:.!.? l Seymour is a ' swell.' He goes to his hoir ' dresser's' several times a week, sends back ' coats and trousers which do not exactly fit him, ] habitually 'wears gloves, has a. valet (and pro- 1 nounces the t), drives a, mail phaeton, drawn by ; two steppers, who are apparently always endea- ; voring to strike their own . noses with, their fore-leg3 ; and altogether it is surprising ihdb he cares to be seen with so humble an individual as myself; surprising, that is, to certain of my acquaintances, not to me, far. I know the man's real character, and that he considers a large income as a piece of good fortune, but no, absolute proof of merit in.the possessor, Slit), I was rather astonished when he proposed ,to accompany me in my holiday trip. ' A golden pitcher like youwould smash . my clay Bides ina week, if we sailed together,' I demurred. ' Not a bit, iny dear follow,' said he ; ' I want to do it cheaply. How much money are you going to take ? — Well, I w^ll put exactly'the Bame sum in toy pocket, and when we are' drained , we will come'liOTnb, It would do exactly ; that is just my idea of -comfortable travelling. Bui; 1 expected that, with my friead'B tastes and habits, our funds would last but a verj short time. 'For in stance,' Baid I, ' I always travel by boat from .London-bridge, aDd so got out aud homo ngain jfor Less than a single fare by any other route.' Ma aoqmescad joy /ally, and on our arrival ex pressed himsaif us above. Certainly tbe pas sage had been very prooperous, the weather fine and warm, the sea as smooth as glus3, tbe passengers few and rather amasing. And the old town looked, as ha said, charming ; quite. a ? fairy .pity— all cathedral, palase, and grand square, without baok-s!um3, dirt, vice, or writne ; fit to bo photographed as a nndol for sea-port towns. Oar luggage was examined; landed, put on a truck, aud wheeled off to the hptal fixed upon, we following .on foot at our leisure.. 'lot m turn into the Plaoe, andi Jiave a uearev look at the cathedral;' proposed beymoar. 'Every scrap of tracery Iook3 as sharp and clear., iu tins early morning air, as if it were, nnr'.or & miorosenpe. Holloa ! what's that?'' 'v^hat' was a hum and a tramping, distant ai first, then louder and nearer. When we entered tho Place, we found, numerous groups scattered about; freslircomers were f»err-etqally arriving from all; the streets which ?concentrated upon that large open ? space, aud; presently the head of. the ; largo crowd, whose: march we had heard ia the distance, .debouched apon the scene. . : ,,.,..: ,.;..'. ,:. In the centre . of lha square, a scaffold had , oeen erected, around wnioh all thisa peo ,ple$ were gathering.. Ssymour, a good' . German scholar, nude inquiries.— Yes, there wras to be an execution. A man, supposed to be an Englishman, had committed a very horri ble murder, attended by , circumstinoesof re .volting treachery aud ingratitude* , ; and his Siead was to be cut off in half an hour at fur thest. Now, I certainly should never have gono.'Qttt out of my way to see such a sight ; ?but being there, a sort of fascination bound ,sne to the spot. As for Seymour, he was glad pl the opportunity of seeing any foreign cus toms; and since he had served in the ouviilry. during a bloody Indian campaign, it was be yond the power of a headsman to spoil his breakfast, even if the fellow bungled. Some of tho3fl laneruid. fina frflntl«mian .wn 'moat* ;-? .fall Mall, and think effeminate, have S3en, and clone, and Buffered things which oould not be read of by many of their oritio3 without a I shudder. ? , There were immense numbers of; people pre e'ent, but no crowd, in the English sense of the word ; for the open space was very exten sive, and the stage on which the tragody was to be performed, visible from every part of it, bo that there was no reason why the spectators should jam themselves together; and as they .were free 'ijgni that propensity to push to the front wMoh animates all ranks and both acxes of the British, t'lere was plenty of elbow room, and . a sensitive lady might even have , feinted without being trodden to deatb in con sequence. ?' You will have an opportunity of seeing with what fcroe the blood is always pumping through our arteries,' said Seymour. -»# Barbarous ? not a bit. Far more humane than hanging, I Jiako it. Curious, though, that they have not introduced the guillotine into: this country ; perhaps because it is French.' ' I see no block.' ??», They do, not use one. The culprit sits in that chair, and the; execu tioner snipks. hia head off with h/'s, sword as you , would a thistle's with your caue- But heve they come.' ,: ! , : It was with a sickening -feeling that I watched the exeoutipner, the; .priest, and th3 murderer step on to the scaffold. The last was a middle-aged man of light, agile form, and; delioate feature?, relieved by black hair and moustaohes. He was in his shirt, which was open at the neck and turned back, and his arms ? were bound., .To tho hardihood which supports ' nxany a miscreant in his last hotir, and enables him to ' die game,' he oould lay no claim, for his face was. blanched with terror, he trem bled ia every limb, and was evidently nearly fainting. The mental agony of the poor wretch added bo much to the horror of the acene, that I could bear it no longer, arid I was .turniug to go, when an exclamation from my./'oompahion stopped me. Seymour was Habitually quiet, indifferent, almbsi sleepy in his tone, that any thing like energetic speech from his nioutlx Was ' perfectly startling. I , hadknown him irpni a boy, and never remembered his being' 'excited before. I had seen him resisting , the over charge af an abusive cabman, in the midst of 'a ', Derby row, and in other situations calculated, \- to stirthe temper and set the tongue wagging ' freely, but his voice had never been rai8?d or hurried. 'My good man,' he drawled on the . Derby occasion, ' if you do not get out of my ! way, and beep quiet, 'I must hit you ;' and presently ha did' so, cffaotually, bub quite coolly. . . , , , So that I had come to look - upon him as a well-dressed Hid Indian, or dandy Stoic, and half doubted at the moment whether the cry of surprise could possibly havo come out of his month. Oae glance at his face, assured me of that, howover : he was leaning forward and .gazing at the soiffold with parted Iip3 and straining eyes'. . ' Lend me your glass,' he cried ; and after looking through the bino-! oalar a minute : 'Yes.it iB the man himself; no doubt about that. But there is one thiBg I want to make out, and can't. Here ; your eyes are^ better than mine ; take the glass, and ex amine his face; it is turned this way now.- — Well, do you see any mark upon it?' 'No. Yes, I do; there ia a broad scar on his cheek.' 11 Whioh ohoek?' cried Saymour, grasping my arm so hard that he hurt mo. ?? The loft,' I replied. ' Then, by Heavens, I guessed right!' exclaimed Seymour, drawing along 'breath. At another time, curiosity would have dio tated a question, but at that moment the heads man began to bind the eyes of his victim, and, by a strange revulsion of feeling, I could not now help watching him. The business was aeatly done : one sweep oi the large awbrd,! .and the plotting brain was separated from the bad, cruel heart : the life-stream spurted up in one thick jet to a height of several feet, and all was over. We wal&d; to the hotel, whioh was close by; and after a bath and aphango, I found that the scene I had witnessed had made less impression upon me than I anticipated,' and I waa quite ready for a good breakfast. ' .' ! When the meal was over, and we were lolling in chairs in the pleasant courE- yard, I remarked on the singularity of Saympur's landing on , that particular morning in time to assist at the decapitation of an old acquaintance. 'Yes,' he replied, in liis ordinary toBo now, '^ most' extraordinary thing that evor occurred : the . beggar had a try at my life orioe, and I gave him that scar. I was certain it could not be a ' gheat, because, if there are ghosts, I don't, be-: ' lj'eve they can fire pistols.' ' Was it in India ?' ' No ; in Yorkshire, or Lancashire ; I'm not certain which, But I see you want the who'e story, so you, shall have it, only, don't t ilk about it. ????.. i ' Ons August, some years ago, when I was in' the cavalry, I got two months'' leave of ab-i aencp, a^d thought I should like some shooting.! Not knowing any ono in Scotland to sponge1 upon at the moment, I looked over tho 'adver-1 tisemonts in Bell, and pitched npo:i one in serted by a Mr Bantven, who intimated lhat he was ready to provide board,, lodging, and1 grouse- shooting for a certain sum — rather a- high ono, but I was flash of nionoy at the; tinao, aid did not mind that— on one of tho| Yorkshire moora; I wrote, agreeing to his, tarma, on tho sole cgnditioui tliat' the garne: proved to be as'..' plentiful, as h'e. represented ; and recoived direotion3 how ? :.to find Diadmoor Tower by return of post. Tlienearent pkoe of any importance was Halifisx.and that was thirty miles off ; so Ielept there, and. started' otr early .on tlie following m.ir/iiDg in a gig,; driven by tho only man tbe people of tho hotel could^ discover ., who had tho slightest idea1 whereabouts Ddaduioor lay; -Ho got. on very; well while what they called roa is lasted; but whou we were nreli.ou the moors, and had only! tracks, whiclr gonorajly led to old; quarries, or places whore turf had. beeu duaf, to follow, he waa naturally ra-ther puzzled. In fact, we only got on at all by asking our way at every oppor-| tunity, and as we rarely met: anyone to ask,; our progress waa : tortuous. ? Fortuuately, the horse, thoughTery dofioierit in speed, was- a wonderful stayer, and we did reach toe place we were looking for before sunset. ' i .'The people who first called that tract of country Ddadcaoor, had a very Lur idea of pro per nainep, for a fitter pluco for a national cemetery I never saw. Of course, all mbor-| laudi'i wild and desolate; but it is generally broken up into steep hills ; and a. hill, some-J hovv, is always company promising something' now on the other side ; and though the two sid^s sometimes prove to be very much' alike,1 when ycu get to the top, there is generally a good distant view from it; and at any rate,* you havo the satia'aotion of having got there.; Bxifc Deadmoor was mostly tableland, and the undulations were too gradual to please the eye.; Deadinoor To ^er just suited Deadmoor. Byj Jovo ! si'r, it waa a real tower, a regular old-, fashioned, roundabout place, with walls thick enough to make Armstrong's mouth water ;- windows like loopholes ; and a flat leaden roof, -r*uu u^tiui/iucubo 1UUUU ZW JLUO UlUUilUtUr^ Ul this medieval place was a couple of centuries or so in advance of it, certainly ; but still lie was very old-fashioned. He met me at the gate in tho most courtly raauner ; indeed, I took him at first for a sor.t of heraldic butler, and very nearly addressed him with: . '.What,, ho! ssneHchal.' ' But fortunately, , he ' introduced himself as Mr Bautyen bef^rel had time to say it. !.Ho showed me up to my room himself,1 was cxfcremaly anxious to make mo comforta-' ble, and apologised for everything. He was a1 portly eld gentleman, with gray hair, promi nent eyes, and rather a weak undecided ex pression of countenance, and he was dressed like one of Seymour's. carica'-ure3, in a short waisted coat, namely, cat very high in. the collar, a tablecloth rolled round his neck for a tie, pantaloons and pumps. ,. 'When Ijwasleft alone, Iinspeoted the room, the furniture of which would have set' np a outiosity-shop. ? It was panelled with oak ; and the heavy high-backed chairs,, the '; table, the! tall wardrobe, were all of the same dark mat?-! rial. There was a queer, mirror, composed of i three pieces, set aslant' at the further end of the room, ad as to reflect, every thing in it in a distorted fashion; and a pair' of duelling swords were crossed over the higb, oarve'd; chtmhey-piece. .' But the bod, my dear fellow, | the bed 1 Why, it :filled half the rbonijand! must have been originally 'intended --'for! an ? ? entire family ; the ' hangings' ' ''\v4re I thick and heavy, and tha top like 'tliat ; Pf a hearse^. Jdet ;the bed tdlie in state- in.; It was not altogether a cheerful- apartment, ', but I could hear the grouse crowing ''through) the ' :op'Gii window, aud that sound Wasiively enough tc subdue' any amount of- upholstering gloom. I was sufluciently up in history- to! know that my-host was dreased for dinner, so I ; put on eveuing things and went down-staira. i me table was. laid in the hall, ahd:a3'I had to1 pass thrortgli it to reach the drawing-room,' 1 1 8a w that (hg party was to consist of tbreei Mrs I Bantyen?r or a son ? or a'nother gan? Neither, j OA opening the drawing-room door Ivras!re- 1 coived by a oharming girl Of twenty or 'thirty' ..u_l never can' guess af the beardless dears1! ages white: they have figures: and ; 'smooth eye I corners— and Mr Bantyeu .intimated that he; was a widowor, and that this young lady, his: only child, kept house for him. ' ? ?:???? ! : \ 'And very well sUe kept it too, and a nice, little dinner she gave us. A capital manager she must have been, for everything had to be fetched from a tremendous distance;, and; a trifling slip of momory imight have .left' the household without oil or Worcester sauce for a week. She was a little bit shy' at firist;.bufc! quite self-pos3essed, ond evidently ruled the! household, her father inoluded. She was welli educated ; read the papers and magazines,' played the harp, sang, and was rather glad, ij think, to have a civilised. boing to talk to. ill have shot over moors in Scotland where the! grouse were .more plentiful, certainly; but! still the sport was very fair, quite good enoughj for my purpose. The old gentleman went out! with mo every day, and ehot very fairly, teo,i with an antique Manton, which had flintlocks ;j he oould do nothing with a percussion-gun. In the evenings I played at piquet with him, or, at chess with bia daughter ; and after a pretty' heavy surfeit^ ot balls and dinners, that litHe[ b't of domestic quiet came in most acceptably., We soon got very friendly together, and in a fortnight I was quite like one of tho family,! andMrBantyen told me all his private 'afiairs.j The family property had once been very good,! but a succession of extravagant possessors hadi mortgaged, all that ; part: upon which money! could be raised, and the barren heath' with. its old tower was about all tbat was left. How ever, the old gentleman had not always been, quite bo much straitened as he was at present,! bat misfortunes had befallen him during the; last few yeara, the: prhicipal^bsing a soampishi nephew of bis dead wife's, who. had got his un-' fortuuate ancle- in-la-v to be security for.him in; some uffiir or another, and had then-been! guilty of a diohonesttriok, which that unoffend-i ing relative .had to pay for. .. .- i ' You miy well understand that I did not ask! for any details upon so' unpleasant a subject ;; so, whether this blade- sheep haddono anythirigi .which was absolutely folonions I did not learn°i At any-rato, it had 0O3t Mr Bautyen bo dearly to get him out of the acrape aud then'sturt-bioi! off to Amerioa, where he wai fluppbaed to.^at' presenfc, -that he. had determined to try and raise a little money by letting his shooting, ii ? wa3 an evident relief; to the old gentleman to tell me all this, for hj9 was a hospitable soul, and felt uncomfortable at tekingniy money. Si| rto relieve him, I toldhim aneodptes of rich meni who let theirshootings, and noblemeH who sold .'their'jgame. ;. -. September came, and the birds got wild, but! liked my quarters so Well that I stopped on. , One evening as we cvme| towards the towa'r after a hardday's walkiagj we. met Miss Bantyen,who was in a great stat^ 'of agitation*; '.0 papa, .Raymond is here !| 'she cried.. ? Baymoni wan .- the ^troublesome nephew who ought .to have been on the other side of ; the . Atlantic. Poor Mr Bantyen' was very much perturbed by the news; and' began apologising to me ;?. but Ivassured him, withj perfect truth,, that I ; was fond : of Etudying different- samples,' '!of my fellow-creaturesj and counted : several scamps amongst my intimate1 'acquairitauoes.: : . .-: In/truth, I -have - en joy od; :the! iBdeietyiof many a;mah who, from his youth up; has -been- a 'source of anxiety to his friends,' ' bui I never met. a cooler card than this Raymond Fletcher; I did notmuchliko the look of'him \ genuine, mauvais sUjct. .! His expression was crafty,' greedy, arid/malicious a9' well asimpuf dent, and he impressed, one as being bad rather than mad. ...?: He epoke of hiB unexpected ap^ pearanco as ai good joke, and compared him self to a bad,8hilling. ,' He did the: honors of the. house, and attemped to patronise me. He Itried- Kkewise to impose upon mo; in tai matter .of the sooiety he had mixed with, asking if 'I knew this. man of the Blues, that manof the itifle Brigade. At last he men! tionedone of my own. regiment, and then I had to shut him ^up. : - ,; ? j l ',f There must bo some mistake,': said I. « I will not deny that you are the boaom friend of every man ot position' in evory other corps in the service, if you aay so, but none of the — th Icho w you, I am certain.' That - cooled him a bit, and a minute or, two '-afterwards I'inter cepted a look which teldme that he honored me with his particular hatred. .': Nevertheless, he rather courted me, and tried . hW veryebest to make himself agreeable.' ' Have you seen the ghost 2' he asked mo' in the coarse of the ever ning.: i'had thought something .wanting, in D«admoor Tower, and this question reminded me what it was. : It onffht to he himnteii ?? J il was absurd that it should not be haunted ; and I at once demanded her ghoat of Miss'Bantyen1. Sue told me that. there certainly was the usual spiritual legend oonneotod with the: old place1; A Jesuit conspirator, priest, and: soldier, had been taken and killed,- after a desperate resis tance, in my bedroom ; and -witnesses,. credible upon other matters, iiad declared that they had seen his speotre, enveloped in a cloak, pistolin handi in thefatal chamber, and had. been duly frightened into temporary -insanity. I sugj geated that.the. witnesses] had taken-_ too mtion liouor when th«r saw the ohoat. anrl ^?^^a^ M,i after-illness might be delirium trcmens. Mr Bantyeu smiled politely, and Baid it was pos sible ; but tbTongd Lte considered - ! that the Jesuit had been laid for several years, probably i by getting out of purgatory, he evidently had a latent suspipipn that he really had haunted the place at one time. My host had, procured Hie Borne partridge: shopting! at; a ftw miles' distance, so, I , stopped ' on, though the. tower was no very, agreeable residence now. ?Fletcher Was an odious snob, and Mr Bautyen, instead pfkickmg^ him, oufi of the house, was ao weak as to let him bully him. .,,„,? -.. ?',.'''. ., n- , , i' I soon saw that the fellow, whh smitten with ,his pretty ^cbus'in, and hated me worse than , ever :'iior flirting, witbher, wMoh.of conj^^qne' ,ivas.,b6nnd to do, a'jiijtle ; ,. andons she evidently disliked aiid feared him/andwaW^gla^tQ^alft tp,;me', ,'ui order to/ avoid him, I daresay there was a little apparent ! cause for his joalpusy. Besides whioh, the .preseno'e.oif a' stranger no' daubt interferred! ',wiyh.' his designs upon Mr Bantyen's, purse.: My. leave Was dra,wing to a close, .however, \ and as . I ' iiitendpl to, spend thte last ; week .ofitin'London, the. tune. oarne for iiie to ^uitDeadmooii ; ? and .bii the' laat night ' an;'extrapfdih'ary' thiijg happened—I .'saw ;the ' ' phantom. It was a wejj and bhilly, night, and , with; that ian'xiety : to' make''iba. comfortable' whioh had ' actuated the Bantyen&.'during my stay; a fire had 'been lighted1 in my bedropra. TheifirBtfirVofthe season is alwayo pleasant', and I (iat'ii'api''later'£hani'n8ni^'.tp'.'.eiijdy.''it.'', I ' wrote several letters; 'anfl then, wheeling my ?cnair: rouM ' to -1 the 'hearth,'; I; sti«e'd up the ooalsj lefi' the poker' beiweeii the bars, lit a ' oigar, took : up a bpoky 'and. made myaelf happy;. ',''1 was sitting'with my baok to that part, of ; the room where £he bed was, and consequently ?faoin'g the queer -^id mirror T told you of, which was set aslant 'at; the other end. At about one o'olook'one of 'my candles beigani to splutter in its aocket, and looking iap in cphse quenoe from my book I saw reflected in the irn'rrnr 'thn flirnt-n nt fV-a .Toan'Jf ' T v-~^ _1 more faith in spirita than a Sadducee, yet I-wafi horribly : frightened ; so muoh ab, that j was 'very, nearly starting np. Fortunately, howl ever, I kept ray!presenca of mind, and neither did that nor stare at the glass, but put out the ?flickering candle, brought the other nearer to me, leaned back in my large arm-chair, arid had another longer aurreptitiooa look at the mirror over ' the top of my book. ItVwas '^no ianoy. There, close to the fooj of the bed, not three yards behind me, stood the figure, in a slouch ing cavalier hat, arid wrapped in', a riding-ploak 'with buff boots and: spurs, a mask on(hi8rfaoe', .and a pistpj in his hanil. '?' '^hy. the ma^ik Z,\ J.' 'was reaHSured. in a moinent : it', waa 'a' burglar ' acting the ghost toiaghten the household into i non-resistance-— not ; the spiritual F.ather him^ self. The poker j whioh had been left between the, bars of the ,grato,: was ; now red-hot '?;', I grasped the handle and began stirring the fire, at the; same 'time whistling a tnne. . Then I drew a;c6mmbn chair ^bwards mowith'my foot aa if. nioditatihg, putting xay legs1 up: on it, until I ooaldget hold of the back with my laft hand. ';-..' .,.' ,.. .!,'..'.. !..:'.? ?',.,-,'-?'?'','.,??;'? -].o \ j'-'. '.'These little prep/irations. completei', ,I.Bud- denly juiaped'.np' Wd turned round, ^''(vftli the-: . bhairhejd before me as,.' a shield, and , the red ,h6t \t poker'; 'in!' V*J i^'1jigW''handfy.J.!''^6iw:,'!'ia^ ghostly, 'friend,1 '-.Ba'id I,, 'just drop that .'ipiBbl.|v\il9ste4d'bf'.^otaplyixiglMrUh jt.tis.rea sonable, request, he- cpolqed . and levelled v it ^at my head. lin^tinptiyely. raised my, chair and thruetithe hot iron at him.tpuohing.him on the left, cheek at the moment the , pjstol.!px ploded. I suppose he escaped, tbrough a sliding . panel or a trap-door ; ,1 , imow thaij I went over. backwards, chuir and all/.V Tho jballet hail, gono through,, the, eoat and, then grazed my temple,, not ; doing : any Berioua damage, but stunning. mo. for, amiuute or sp ; so that whop, ? the household, . alarmed by the report of the pistol, arrived, they found me arid the '.ohair, lying all of a heap, and.the, poker borning a quiet hole iij tb^Q jao^ ;! ^ v, j ?'« . i _ 'Mr Bantyen and his daughter were exoes sively distressed ; arid the .house was sedrohedj and n deal of fuss made— the most energetic member of| the household bsing Raymond Fletoher,1 whio did not indeed put in an ap| peararice, ; but v^hpse - voice '? was hfard at the frorit^ooifirititnatitig th'at.he wa^ going for the police. As he would havbJa good fifteenr mile ride 'through 'the rain and over a. dark moor before1 :t'iere- wiis'a clianoe of his!meetk irig with'ari^ ndembor bf; ther force, this,' readi ness inspired- mo with' a suspicion, 'which is rtp.W- : tnrned ,'intp'- -'&''' certainty. v' 'Raymond Fletcher 16st his- hettd 'this1 -morriing,'^. and I buraed the- left cheek df it that' night with' the poker:' '-And did you leave DsadtnbSr Tower on the' followiug -morning ?'' . ''Yes; 'indeed '; 1 1 was ' glad eribugh ' to get awpy. ' ? I^ha't'ci- a fuss.' ?'?''Arid-: wh&t;'J'haV : beoom'e'; of ''thp ?Batjtyens?': ' Ihave 'not the reiriPtes^idea. iWe^wont'abro.iid 'that' winter,' arid'; 'I-' 'forgcit all . | about' ttietri till1- this 'fh\6rnirig.';'.T'i u'Ir/ wks a. ? queer adventure.!'' 'W-ts- it riot'? :' ' Welji'1 I ! suppose'^ mastgo and' do the' picture' gallery. .. ?Shallwe'cliiie at the: idblc-d'hote to-day ?'!!''.: ; 