THE KOMISH CREED. (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard?) Sir, — On looking over the published report, (copied from the Melbourne Argus ) of' the opening proceedings ofthe, Roman Catholic Synod, recently held in that city, I read that " the bishops, and all taking a canonical part in the synod,' repeated the profession of faith of Pius : IV., which recited the leading doctrines of the Church." Now, as most of your- readers may never have seen this " Pro fession of Faith," it would he woll to- make theni acquainted with it. ' It is as follows : — " I, If., believe and: profess, with a firm faith, all and every one ofthe things which aio ; contained in the symbol of faith, which is used in the; lioly Roman Church- viz. : — "1. — I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth,, and- of- all things > visible and invisible ; and in one Lord Jesus- Christ, the only, begotten Son of God, horn ofthe Father before all worlds ; God; of God ; light off light ; true God of true God ; begotten, not made ; con-substantial to the Father, by whom all things were made ; - who, fori us men, and for our salvation, came down' from heaven, and was incarnate by the; Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary, and was made man; was crucified also for us under; Pontius Pilate, suffered, and . was buried, ; and rose agaiu the third day, according -to the Scriptures, and ascended into heaven, sits at the right hand of the Father, and will come again with glory to jndge the living' and the dead, of whose kingdom, there will be no end; and in the Holy; Ghost, the Lord and Lifegiver, who pro-: ceeds from the Father and the Son'; who, together with the Father aud the Son, is; adored and glorified, who spoke by the prophets ; and one holy Catholic and apostoiic Church. I confess one baptism for the remission of sins, and I expect the: resurrection of the. .dead, and the life of" the world to come. Amen. 2.— I most firmly -admit and embrace apostolical and ecclesiastical traditions,; and' all other constitutions and observan-, ces of the same Church. 3\. — I also admit the sacred: Scriptures, according to the sense which the holy; Mother Churclv lias held; and does hold, to whom ' it' belongs to judge of the true sense and interpretation of the holy, scrintures : nor will I ever take or inter- pret them otherwise than according to the unanimous consent of the Fathers. ! 4-.— I profess,' also, that there are truly and properly seven sacraments of the new, law, instituted by Jesus- Christ; our Lord, and; for the salvation of mankind, though; all arc not necessary for every one; namely — baptism,- confirmation,' eucharist, penance, extreme unction, orders and; matrimony: and that they confer grace and of those, baptism,1 confirmation, and ordei'Sj cannot be -reiterated without sacri-l lege. 5.' — I also receive and admit the cere monies : of the Catholic Church, received: and, approved in the solemn, administra tion ot all the above said sacraments. 6.— I receive and embrace all and every; one of the things which have Jbeen defined and declared in tlic Holy Council of Trent, concerning original sin and justification. 7\. I profess, likewise, that in the mass is offered to God a true, proper and pro pitiatory sacrifice for the living .and the dead ; and that in the most holy sacrifice of the eucharist there is truly, really and substantially, the body and blood, together with the soul and divinity, ' of our Lord Jesus Christ: and that there is made a conversion of the whole substance ofthe bread into the body, and of the whole substance of the wine into the blood, which conversion the Catholic Church calls transubstantiation. S. — I confess, also, that under either kind alone, whole and entire, Christ and a true sacrament are received. 9\. — I constantly hold that there is a purgatory, and that the souls detained therein are helped by the suffrages of the faithful. 10\. — Likewise, that the saints reigning together with Christ; are to be honored and invocated ; that they offer prayers to God for us ; aud that their relics are to be venerated. 11\. — I most formally assert that the images of Christ, and of the Mother of God, ever, virgin, and also of the other saints, are to be had and retained, and that due honor and veneration are to be given them. 12\. — I also affirm that the power of indulgences was left by Christ in the Church, and that the Use of them is most wholesome to Christian people. 13\. — I acknowledge the holy Catholic- and Apostolical Roman Church; the mother and mistress of all churches ; and 1 promise and swear true obedience to the Roman Bishop, the -successor of St. Peter, the Prince of the apostles, and vicar of Jesus Christ. 14.— I also . profess and undoubtedly receive 1 all other things delivered, defined and declared by the sacred canons, and general councils, and particularly by the- holy Council of Trent; and likewise I also condemn, reject and anathematise all things contrary thereto, and all heresies whatsoever, condemned, rejected, and anathematised by the Church. 15\. — This true Catholic faith, out of which none can be saved, which I now freely profess and truly hold, I, IV., pro mise, vow, and swear most constantly to hold and' profess the same whole and entire, with God's assistance, to the. end of my life; and to promise, as far as lies in my power, that; the same shall bo held, taught, and preached by all -who are .under me, or are. entrusted - to my care,, by virtue of my office. So help me God,, and these holy Gospels of God." Such-- is the notable creed of Pope Pius IV., which every Romanist is bound to believe, though it binds him ; to receive without hesitation, what is contrary to his reason — viz: that when the priests says, hoc est corpus meum—( this is my body) that then the Wafer, a piece of paste, is changed into the body and. blood, together with the soul and divinity, of our Lord Jesus Christ. It admits the sacred Scriptures, but only according to the sense which the holy Mother Church has held and does- hold, and no Romanist is to interpret them othemvise than according -to the unanimous consent of the Fathers; though what that is, the Church -of Rome has never proved. "Whilst acknowledging the Scriptures, a primary importance appears to be given to apostolical aud ecclesiastical traditious, by which, like the Pharisees of old, the Word of. God is made of none efi'eet. We have only to road this Creed to be convinced that the Church of Rome is corrupt, idolatrous and intolerant. I am, Yours sincerely, A WESLEYAN LAYMAN. 