BUSH FIRE AT BLUE MOUNTAIN. A. II. A., of Trentham, on 14th January, writes a letter to the Editor of the A rt]us, of which the follow ing are extracts:— " Yesterday being a broiling hot day, two trampers left their camp fire burning close to the township of Trentham when they proceeded on. their journey. The consequence was the bush took fire. There had been a number of large trees recently taken down, and the long thick dry grass rapidly sent flaine3 in all directions, and communicating with the dry bark of the great fallen trees and dry logs, we had an immense blazing bush fire in less than an hour. This w;ts close in the rear of the premises of the Blue Mountain hotel aud the warden's and mining registrar's oliice—all of wood, very dry from the great heat and prolonged absence of rain. The ilames rapidly advanced along the grass towards the paddock fences of these build ings. Mr South (late sergeant of police) was quickly on the spot with the groom of his hotel, aud they were speedily joined by Mr 11. H. Home and Mr M'Alister, who all fought and beat back the advancing flames with green boughs. In the course of two hours scorch ing contest the Ilames were subdued, but Mr South left his groom to watch. This man eithei neglected and deserted his post, or sank down exhausted from the previous work, and just as evening was approach ing the flames burst out again with double fury.' Again the contest had to be renewed by the same 2>arties as before, and they were joined by Mr Symonds, who was returning home after a hard day's reaping. This time it was a far longer aud more arduous conilict. Mr Home proposed that they should tear down the paddock fences, but there was no time to leave the advancing flames of the long grass. The great fallen trees and logs wore now thoroughly ig nited, and there was an alarming prospect of the whole block of wooden buildings above mentioned being burnt to the ground; and if so, nearly the whole town ship would have shared the same fate. And this would be certain if the wind, which was rising, veered round to the northward. Water was supplied by Mr Daslnvood from his well, and by about.ten o'clock the flames were subdued, and the progress of the red heat of the fallen trees and logs was stopped by means of quantities of wet earth, dust, and clay. Mr South then retired, quite exhausted, and, most fortunately, the wind sank. Mr E. H. Home and Mr Symonds kept watch through the night. The above needs no comment, as every resident in the bush is liable to the same chance of loss of property, and loss of the lives of many dumb animals, if not their own, solely through the brutalised ignorance, or yet more brutalised care lessness of any tramping rascal on their way to the gallows. P.S.—2.30 pm.: Wind has sprung up, and re-ignited the logs and grass. The same parties as before, together with Mr Hcymc and Hamilton, have beaten down the flames, removed logs, and. thrown wet earth upon the worst places. Once more the flames are subdued, but the wind is rising strongly from the north, and we are by no means safe as yet." The New Bull, "The Duke of Brunswick."— : The Duke of Brunswick, purchased for Mr Richard Morton, of Mount Dcrrimufc, by his brother in Eng land, lias arrived safely in perfect health, and is cer tainly a great acquisition to the colony. This bull is now fourteen months old, and was before shipment the winner of seven first prizes in the very best com pany. In form he is without a fault, and his quality is sucli as has been seldom seen here. lie has a beau tiful head, well set on a rather long but masculine neck, terminating above in a lengthy broad back and splendid quarters, and below in a glorious brisket, the rich fat of which shines through his mellow skin. His barrel is round, with a well sprung rib, and he covers a deal of ground, but on a very short leg. In a few words, he is lengthy and low, rich roan in color, with a long silky coat of hair and perfect touch, and has the fine free action of his tribe. In him the blood of Captain Gunter's Dukes and the Duchesses is well mixed, and he does 110 discredit to his breeding. "With such an addition to the small herd still remaining at Mount Derrimut, this ought quickly to regain its for mer high character and supremacy in the show-yaixl— which, indeed, it can scarcely be said to have lost, not withstanding the sale and distribution. Tin: Hjoht of Women to Vote.—In the Court of Common Pleas 011 9th November, Lord Chief Justice Bovill, with Justices Willes, Byles, and Keating, sit ting in banco, judgment was given in the case of Chorlton, appellant, v Lings, respondent, the appeal from a decision of the revising barrister for Man chester, which was argued on 7th November. The Lord Chief Justice and the other judges delivered ' separate judgments, but they all agreed that there was not sufficient authority fov_ saying that by the common law women had had a right to vote for mem bers of Parliament; whilst, on the other hand, there was the uninterrupted practice of centuries to show that women had not voted. There was no reported case in favor of the vote, except that in a note to Olive v Ingram there was reference to a manuscript report of a case to show that women could vote. This | note was only to be found in seven "modern reports," whilst there was no reference to any such ease in Strange; and Lord Coke gave liis express opinion the other way. In liis (the Chief Justice's) opinion the. Heform Act of 1867 in saying that men should vote, although considered ip conjunction with Sir John iiomilly's Act, did not entitle women to vote. The term men in the Reform Act did not include women; and even if it did, then women would come within the term "incapacitated." For these reasons he thought that the decision of the revising barrister re fusing the vote should be affirmed, but he also thought that it was a case in which no costs should be allowed. Mr Justice Byles said that he hoped that their unani mous decision, coupled with the unanimous decision of the Court of Sessions in Scotland, would for ever exorcise and lay this ghost of a doubt which ought never to have arisen. ' The Vienna Arcuc Frcic Pmsse, a few days ago, con tained a most astounding telegram from London. ' "In Westminster,"- it says, "Mr Stuait Mill suc cumbed. In Qrosver,or square Mr Smith wi\s elected.'' This is as good as the famous telegram in the Berlin papers about the appointment of the " Lord Mayor" to the governorship of India, 