NEW ZEALAND, By the Gothenburg wo hare Now Zealand files to the 30th of September, From Wellington wo have the following itema of news Tho high treason trial was concluded on fcho 23rd. 'Die Judge took four hours in summing up strongly against tho prisoners. Tho jury returnod a verdict of " Guilty," after a quarter of an hour's delibera tion. Uetariki and Uowi said nothing againat tho sentence, but Matene urged hid having fought on tho Government side at Ilouake, being forced under threat of death to join Kooti. The Judge promised to reprpsent this to the Governor. Tho sentcnco was to be hung, drawn, and quartered, Tho Judge expressed his regret at being obliged to pass sentence in fiuch a form, but ho assured tho prisoners that only hanging would bo executed. Eighteen West Coast prisoners wero released from tho hulk tho same day. Thero was no evidence against thein, and they wero landed amongst tho local natives. The remainder of tho hulk prisoners intend to plead guilty, and will be sent to Otago in the hulk. On the 28th another East Const native was found guilty of high trcasonj but sentence has been deferred. A telegram received from Napier on tho 23rd September, states that Loclce had arrived from Te Ilaroto, with news from Taupo, Our forces wore preparing to attack Te Kooti. Tho arrival of the Wanganui natives had led to this. Tho natives have handed over to tho Government tho whole of tho Kaimannawa country. This block includos all the land from Ruapehu to this sido ituahine, and from Taupo to Napier and tho I'ulce track. This enormous extent of country includes all tho reputed auriferous land south of Taupo. Tho Prince Alfred steamer brought down.4000 oza of gold from tho I'hames. A largo firo occurred ih Auckland on tho 20th, which consumed Quick's coach factory. The loss is estimated at L600U; tho property was uninsured. It is supposed to have originated from damp hay caus ing spontaneous combustion. In Poverty Hay fires have boon seen on the ranges, supposed to bo Ilau-Iiau signals. NapibRj 27th September, 0.40 p m. On Saturday last Te Kooti, with a force of 256 Strong, attacked tho Tokana pah, held by 249 friendlier. A severe engagement ensued, tho result of which was that tho Han hauo wero repulsed, driron off with considerable loss and chased. Tho enenly left seven dead bodies on the field, and carried several others off. Tho total loss on tho sido of the enemy is reported to bo thirty, On our Bido none killed, but seven wounded, some severely. On each of tho bodies leit behind, between forty and fifty rounds of Enfield ammunition were found. A general attack is to tako place to-day. Tho friendlies will bo supported by Colonel Ilcrrick with No 2 Con stabulary, and Colonel M'Donnoll with tho Wanganui friendlies. One of To Kooti's followers was Iried on tho 27th for being concerned in the murders at Poverty Bay massacre. A friendly native woman, widow of one of tho men killed, gave evidence, Tho accused was found guilty, and was sentenced to bo hangod. THE Malmsburx RiisuttYoin.-The Mail says : -" Owing to to the continued hoavy rainfall, the contractors ol the Malmsbury reservoir have not been able to re- construct the coffer dam which was washed away last Wednesday. A very largo volume of water is flowing through the outlet tunnel; in fact the river has not been neurly so high during the winter as it is now, and it is still rising rapidly. The water is spreading over a large area inside the reservoir, aud already visitors can form some idea of what the lakes will be when the works are completed. It is estimated that the rainfall of the first week would have been equal to have filled the reservoir to overflowing-a cir cumstance very satisfactory to those who projected the scheme not less than to those who have been so anxiously waiting to receive some tangible advantage from it. PARISH CLERKS AT A DISCOUNT.-In the Irish Church debate in the IIousc of Lords, the Bishop of Peterborough, recurring to noma observations made in the course of the debate on the compensa tion provisions of the Bill as they affected parish clerks, said it had not been showu to him that a parish clerk was of the slightest possible benefit to any clergyman, or, indeed, to any man, except to himself. (Laughter.) What was a pariah clerk ? IIo was a person who in days long gone by was hired by the congregation to say for them that they were miserable sinners. (Renewed laughter.) So far from the clergy in Ireland regarding these parish clerks as of any benefit to them, he could assure their Lordships that they regarded the continued payment of these clerks by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners as a very great grievance, and a Berious misappropriation of the funds of the commission. The simple test of the value of a nurish-clerlc was this. Would any clergyman of tbe new disestablished aDd disendowed church ever think of setting one up? In his opinion the clergyman would just as soon think of setting up a parish clork after this Bill had passed as lie would of setting up a carriage and four. (Laughter.)-Earl Kimberley said the right rev. prelate had omitted to notice one peculiar use of a parish clerk, which was that bo sometimes comprised the entire, or nearly so, of the clergyman's congregation in Ireland. (Laughter, and " Hear, hear."J-Viscount Lifford said he believed he was the only parish clerk occuping a seat in their Lordships' House. The fact was that he had found the clerk in his parish in Ireland such an intolerable nuisance that he applied aud obtained tho office for himself. (Lauahter.) Dre IWrtcr.uoD's HEROIC (?) EXCOUXTER WITH A otr,iKE.-This bungalow was memorable to me as being the only place iti India in which I had, what at the time appeared to me, a dangerous ancounter with a snake. I had wished to see a v aire, a cobra more especially, if such a meeting iild be arranged with perfect safety-to myself : at least. Now my friend Dr Watson, with a smile, reported to me that he was persuaded there was a cobra basking in tlie moonlight near tile bungalow. Hearing this I seized my large Lochaber crook, which has shared all my wander ings, and which I knew could he depended on as a courageous and faithful ally. "What a night it was! Not a cloud was in the sky. It almost seemed possible to get a peep round the corner of the moon, as she stood out sharp and clear from the sky. Slowly and cautiously I approached, with uplifted staff, to the spot where the dragon lay. I saw him-a long, grey monster. As the chival rous St George flashed upon my mind, I adminis tered a fearful stroko to the brute, and, from a sense of duty to my wife and family, rushed back to the bungalow, in case of any forth-putting of venom, which might cause a vacancy in the Barony. I resolved to delay approaching the " worm " till next morning ; but whatever the cause was, no one, struigc to say, could discover the dead body when morning dawned. A few decayed branches of a tree were discovered near his foul den, and these had unquestionably been broken by some mighty stroke; but the cobra was never seen afterwards, dead or alive. This was my first and only deadly encounter with a snako; and I trust the reader will duly appreciate my courage, and wonder at my escape-Dr Mac load in Good Words. ALARM OF FIBE IN THE THEATRE ROYAL.-Just before the Inst sccne of " Ilainlot" nt the Theatre Royal on Wednesday night a panic on a small scale appeared to seize a portion of the audience, in consequence of an alarm of fire being raised by the " gods." The only foundation for the suddea otirprise seems to have been that some Chinamen had been letting off crackers in Little Bourke street, in celebrating a religious cercirony, and the smoke was seen coming from the upper part of the stage. The generality of the audience did not know what was the matter, but the noise of a rush in the gallery was quite enough to cause a number of persons in other parts of the house to make for the door?, and the exclamation that some one was foolish enough to make that the tidal wave was coming perhaps had tho effect of increasing their speed. However, it required but n few seconds to show that tho alarm was ncedl-ss, though the home was some minutes in settling down to quietude again, and the ghost had once more to come from tho grave with the assurance that there was not the slightest cause for the agitation. Herr Bandmnnn also felt called upon to remark that this glorious country was not destined to go down yet for some thousands of years. The audience cheered, and the piece pro ceeded without further interruption. The panic, it appears, caused some damage to be done to the Waxworks Exhibition next door to the theatre. The pit escape door of the theatre leads in to the Waxworks Exhibition, and when the alarm of fire was given in the Theatre Royal, those who ob tained egress by the said door iound themselves in the hall of the Waxworks, in Egyptiau dark ness. The place had been closed io: the night, and the fugitives were held in durance vile. Mr Weston, with a candle in hard, eame to th':* assistance, and by unscrewing the street door, they managed to get into Boi'rke-street. About L40 worth of damage has bee 1 done. Figures were overturned, n Maori chief is headless, another warrior has lost both his legs, dresses are torn, and straw and sawdust are now ignomini ously exposed to the public gaze. The barriers that protect the figures were swept away, and the Waxworks was a perfect scene of desolation, until it was put in order, hy removing the mu' 'dated lay figures, and by a judicious application of soap and water. POLICE COURT PRACTICE.-The following dialogue between a sergeant of police and an attorney in the Graytown Police Court (which we quote from the Leader) gives us a curious insight into the mode of do'113 business tolerated in that temple of justice by the presiding genius:-" The first witness for the defence being called, Sergeant Power requested the Bench to commit liim for contempt, as the witnesses had been nt first directed to leave the court, and he had disobeyed these instructions by standing inside of the door during the time the counsel was addressing his Worship.. Mr M'Dermott: 'The Bench will do nothing of the sorl, Sergeant; how do you know that the witness was inside?' Sergeant: 'Didn't I see him myself; I can swear it.' Mr M'Der mott : 1 Oh 1 I dare say you'd swear anything; just look how he holds that testament, your Worship.' Sergeant: 'We don't want any of your nonsetlse, Mr M'Dermott; this is a serious case, for the character of Mr Johnson (the prose cutor) may be damaged, and he's a more respect able man than either you or your clients.' Mr M'Dermott (to the Bench) : ' Your Worship, if I am to be abused li ce this I'll never sit at this table again.' The Police Magistrate (looki lg surprised): ' Why, what's the matter, Mr M'Dermott?' Mr M'Dermott: 'Is his conduct to bo tolerated; is my character to be defamed in this manner by Sergeant Power?' Police Magistrate: ' What did he say, Mr M'Dermott V Mr M'Dermott: ' He said the man Johnson was a more respectable person than myself.' Police Magistrate : ' Did you Bay so, Sergeant ?' Ser geant: 'I did, your Worship, because Mr John son is a highly respectable man ; he has seen some service, and been a long time in the army.' Police Magistrate: ' Then the observation was quite uncalled for, Mr M'Dermott is a profes sional gentleman, and must be protected.' Mr M'Dermott; 'Fine thing to be insulted by a policeman.' Sergeant: ' An officcer, Mr M'Der mott.' Mr M'Dermott: 'Some policemen are better than their officers.' For some time the sergeant and the attorney were at drawn daggers with each other, but eventually some allusion to '98 and ' James O'Brian ' on the part of the latter brought the angry repartee to a close, and the business of the court proceeded with its usual regularity." 