$HE E^jpiyt^l, ALLIANlbE. I'! ; On Monday afternoon, August 30, a meeting of ministers and members : of Evangelical Churches in South Australia was held at the ^ Vesiayof the Presbyterian ..Church, Flinders street There was a large gathering of ministers ^nd-layroen, and the Rev. M. H. Hodge having been voted to the chair, called on the Rev. James 'Way to offer prayer. ' : , ? i The CaaiEMAir then announced that the ob ject pf the meeting was to discuss a draft con stitution of the proposed Evangelical Uaion.: He stated that he had only hastily glanced through, the Constitution, ' but lie believed ii was such that if its: principles were1 worked but, ' it would tend to the benefit of 4he individuals connected with the Society, and of the Churches; with whpm^suchindivMu^slwei'e5ass6iiatea. - - . . The Eev. ? J. JuY^LL r announced having re ceived a letter from therSey.'Mr; Nicholls, of , 'Brighton, expressing his .warm Empathy in the ? movement, and his extr«nfe regret that he was unable to be_ present that ^afternoon. . ', ? : : - - : ? ? ; : -, ? ? THE BBAIT COHpTITOTION.:: ': ??-..'' ? The meeting then, proceeded, to' HiscuBs the: Di^tppnstit^otiwsubMttie^^the'mihute^ assembled on the previbns Monday iafternobny \\- : i ^GBNBEALPtiiK'oiPLES.^-I. That this Alliance^ is not to be Considered an .alliance ol denomina-. tions -or branches, of the Church, .but, of indivi dual Christians, each acting on his own respon sibility.' '- -?'-;??????- ?' -''?;?'-, -???''? i This was carried without-discussipn. ,j -^--L --? . liHL Thatin this Ml^udeitisdifitanctly de clared that no ppmpromise of the views pf any, ? member, pr sanction of those of others on the pbints wherein J ihey differ JU .either required of ,expectedrbut that all are held/asiree asJ before to maintain and advocate their 'religious rebnyic ?tions, with due forbearance tand brotherly love;' i With 'respect to this principle, ?:..::??.- ;.*' . \ Mr. Buefobd started a discussion. He thought '4 ?it clashed- with the article 'obj?cts,'r'and ^he asked for'inforniatioii' as to i what 'were the jjirevaiHng -errors :against which Christian truth-' was *o *e defended, i Did it refer to thediflyjr enees among.'themselvest Ih« -QHAjjiyft y; jBaSd ii was7pr«tty- well -known what _the prevailing. ?«prbrs'^fprred to _weVe.-r-the errors, which' wipes' spoken of were fundamental; and :TOre'- well; known 'without speaking more %peCincatty.' ^OieiiBfev. Mr. Jefpbeis xemarkedi that differ?; ences among rthem8elyes.would;;npt: be cpnsi-. dered . as prevailing' errors. Dr.J 'CAMPBELL : suggested 'jblrat''^. 'their differences were to'be cbnMdered prevailing errors, no basis of evan .gelical alliance could take place. (Cheers.) ^ He moved, and Mr. Commino seconded the adbp-- *ion of this principle. Mr..:&. W.iCOTEON Wished . : to . know, distinctly if -, it was ; un derstood that they were not to discuss the divergence of their 'religious viewsi ' Unless this were definitely known, he xotild riot be one of the AUiaMoe. The. Eev, Mr. IHbndebson aaid lib cpmproitnise whatever of any of their respec tiv© ; denominational principles was intended. The Rev. Mr. Caselt thought there shotdd be .ajbroader basis of union, like that :of- the' Evan-' gelical ' Alliance of England, because 'with-' out such a basis they might ; have minis' ters of Hie tJniitarian -and -ftomaji 'Catholic Churches eomiogJi1ntb 'their midst. ThfelEev. Mr. Stotell moved the adjournment &f; this aid the third principle until -after the basis of th& AUiance was determined^ 'bh ther tar&cle; respecting merabersbip. Thb was carried. - ?- ? ' Membebship.— That the persons -who com- ?? .pose the Alliance shall be members of Evangelical - Churches, or those who are recommended by the minisfcr 4&4he congregation with Which they statedly Worship/' ??'- ~ ? ?? r 1 'At the request bf the Eev. Mr. Millard, the SEOEETAHY (ftev. J. Jefferis) read the following; as the doctrinal basis of the Evangelical Alliance ;p£ England:— ; !'That the parties^ compbsuig the Alliance shall be such persons only as hold and maintain what are usually understood to be Evangelical views in regard to the matters of doctrine uii derstbod, 'namely : — '? ,. ''''.?'?': ''' ' *'L Tiie divine inspiration, authority, and «ufiiciency of the Holy Scriptures. - ?*. s ]**%. The right and duty of private judgment in the interpretation of the Holy ScripturesV- - ?* ;'3. The Unity of the Godhead, and the1 Trinity of Persons therein. j '.??'?.''-- ' '? i'4. The utter depravity. of human nature in consequence of the falL- ' . ' I !'5. The Incarnation 'pf the Son of God, His wprk of atonement for s'nners of mankind, and His mediatorial intercession and Teign. : : ^ r*-6.;'The justification of the -sinner by faith along. ' ?? ?' :- '???? ???' ??.??'? '?' ' ' ? ' ??'?- !'T. The Vojrk of the Holy Spititinaieeori.' ,ve'rsiph and sanctifioation of the sinner. '-''? ? !'^8.; The immortality of the soul, the resur^' . rection.of the body, the judgment of the world by our Lord Jesus Christ, with, the eternal blessedness of the righteous and the eternal punishment of the wicked. ' ' -' T : ' ' - ?-. ? --: . ': -' , -*9.; The Divine institution of th'6: Christian ministry; and the obligation and. perpetuity of ; the 'Ordinances of Baptism and the Lord's Supper.'''^ '??''; ?' ' .(' ; t: V '. ' '''??.? ?*? ft is^'hb'wever? distinctly declared :— First, that thii ; 'brief ??sutamary-Ii* ribt':to'- be 'regarded in any formal or ecclesiastical sense, as a creed 'or co^ esBion, -nor the adoption of it &s; , inyolv 'ing'alji asBumptibn of fhe right authoritatively to define the limits of Christian brotherhood; ^but simply as an indication of the class of per sons whom it is desirable to embrace within the alliance.-1 Second,, that the selection of certain tenets, with the omission of others, is not to be held as implying that. the. former constitute the whole body of important truth, or that the flatter are unimportant^' : ' r'' . ' ' ~ ' '' The Rev. Mr. MiLLABb moved that they udopt that as their basis:.: Unless Ahey did so he -believed they would go sadly astray and meet with insuperable' difficulties, in declining to associate with persons, who denied the Deify of the Lord desus Christ; or the Deity and personality of the Holy Ghost, or the cardinal doctrine of 'justification by faith alone. (Cheers.) The Bev. ifife. BnJKS seconded. Seeing the amount of time and ability devoted to the preparation of the con stitution of the British Evangelical Alliance he thought they 'need not hesitate to adopt it, especially after the manner in which the AUianoe had worked together, and the good it had abobmplished. A Question then arose as to whetherrit would not .beielter to submit the' points of the doctrinal basis to the meeting seriatim, and Mr. MjxtABt) moved the adoption of the first item— the doctrine of the Divine inspiration, authority, and: sufficiency of the Scriptures. The Eev. Mr. Jbffjsbis expressed feeling considerable difficulty in providing for a subscription to any creed. He belonged to a Church that didn't like to put their hands to creeds of human devising, and he feared they would be narrowing the membership inCal-. culably if they ventured to adopt a basis of this kind. Mr. Bobfobd thought if they carried the doctrine of the Divine inspiration, authority, and 'sufficiency' t)f; the Scriptures that that need be the only basis of union. Mr. Eabl felt convinced that if they undertook to make a creed and to com pel everyone to subscribe to it, that they would1 find considerable difficulty in carrying on the Alliance with any degree of success. He saw no necessity for making creeds of human making -rhen they had a Divine creed. The Eev. Mr. Jeefebis reminded Mr..JEarl that nearly all: the heresies with which the Church had been afflicted had been found in . the Scriptures. (Cheera.) 'Thfe Rev. Mr. PatohbUi queBtioked very much if they could have ; an Evangelical 'Alliance 'without a doctrinal -basis.' He was pre pared to unite . heartily with the Evangelical ministers, but he was not prepared to unite with men who denied, cardinal doctrines. The, ?Bev/Mr.1 Wbight rerharkediihat' if they simply: carried the first doctrine, the Unitarians would be admitted, and he could as soon unite with a man who denied the divinity and work of the Holy -Ghost -in the conversion of souls as he could with Unitariaus. Mr. 'Cc-l?ON felt cer tain that if they were' to have1 an Evangelical Alliance it must be' -on some such basis as that «f the Alliance . of England.. Dr. Camebell thought the; additional clause at the end pf the doctrinal basis of the English. Alliance tended 'to ' nullify almost entirely what the basis -set forth; and he thought if they' were going to discuBa a doctrinal basis they ;wduld -get into a great -muddle and into many difficulties. If tSs: basis' ...was adopted there must.be'. some machinery behind it by which. members could be admitted to the : IJnion. The Eev. Mr. JEPFEEIS thought if they cbuld only hit on a 'method of denning what they uH meant by Evangelical' Churches that all diffi culty would be removed. He believed if they could accept some definition of . the words ** Evangelical Churches ' without adopting any particular basis, they would secure all their objects and avoid all their dangers. The Rev. ? Mr. Hendebson still thought they should proceed with the consideration of the basis, and he did not sympathise with the fears expressed as to creeds, because, they could guard them selves in the same way as had been done by the: English Alliance. Mr. Bubfobd thought the Alliance should be open to all who sought, admission; : : ? The Rev. Mr. ;Pbiob felt a strong . objection to any creeds, as did Mr. Jefferis, bat he reminded him that in their own Churches, .they had their own. uaderstood. general views1 of the truth— (cheers)— although they -might not: care tovteim- these mews a creed. This Alliance -was different ±0 -a Church, and: the siriestibn came up, wJk- were Evangelical? Jfow; they had persons putting -out the title ' Evan gelical preaching,' who;in .his jestiination^irere almost as far from Evangelical preaching as Roinan Catholics .were. .-' He thought they «hpnld; consider knd decide ? upon, the clause ?withiespeet to Holy; Scripture, and: then ascer-; tain' if 'it would' be fnacessaryjto, adopt .asy further basis.-, Mr. :Gobe felt that, he was. one of the persons refeited Jtb byifce last^peaker; 'as putting -out the title I'lEvangelictClrpreach ing,' .and helthought that] such, language, was unbecoming and he was. sarry.it. had been used-. If theywere all agreed on subjests which some: persons called fundamental why were they split up into Churches? Why; jwerp: they npjb.pne, Ohurch; And what need ; of -any Alliance ? Ma objected , to any human creed, and -said, they iPhouM ; take the-.TScripiures. alone :, -as, their., role of laithand: practice. The Key. Mr; - 3IEWBERSON -.-. moved as an amendment to Mr.:Millard's ^proposition— 'That the basis of the Evangelical.; Alliance of England be ac% xeptedinfulli' This was seconded by theBey,. Mr. -Gheetham, and Mr. Millard withdrew: his, motion. .The Rev. Mr. ifEPFBRiS under stood that .this was pimply deciding, the idea of nlembership, and would not. make, subscription 'to ;the basis absolutely .necessary. '? If that was 30 he could&gree; to it. The Bey. Mr. Hendeh SONsaid they would, not subscribe to this as a creed, 1-ut simply as the basis of an Evangelical Alliance.; (Applause^) The Eev. Mr. Sinks remarked that although this was in no sense a creed, he Jsnpposed they all believed the; doc trines stated in the basis.: . (Cheers ) The Bey. Mr. Ltall felt that if they adopted this asrthe basis pf Alliance, gentlemen not accepting the doctrines therein, contained would not be found aixions to opnnecfe themselves with the Alliance. . Mr. Eabl said although he might btlieye every doctrine set forth in the basis, he would not. -take-any human creed, althpugh he might .subscribe -to.it if it were couched in the language of Scripture. : He positively repudiated the re marks , pf Mr. Price as. applied to himself. -The Rev. Mr. Pabsons. pointed out; that iWhafc; eyerpreeds. they preafched, they ought ;tp ex .ppundiin human language. (Applause^), If it was .necessary; to couch their creed, in Scriptural language they would have to. settle whether, they would t&ke; the authorised version. They must haye some basis of union, as it would not. do to leave; it so vaguely as was suggested. Mr, EABL explained the distinction he drew between jmatters of faith and matters pf opimon. Mr. ;Sha.w moved that the points pf the feasw be put, seriatim, remarking that whilst he believed in [the eternity, of the. , spul, he did, inot .consider that the immortality of the soul was to be used in the same sensfc Mr. . Bubiwbd moved, and TtheBev. F. W. Cox seconded-rr' That thedoo tr^ne of the Divine inspiration, authority, and sufficiency of the Scriptures, and the right of pri vate judgment thereupon, be th$, ^ basis of the Union.' -This was negatived, aad the . question that the basis of the English Alliance be adopted, .aras carried item. con. . : . 'i :'©Bj£bTS.—That the objects of this Alliance' be .thi promotion of brotherly love, among -th» -memberB of Evangelical Churches, the: defence: of Cnristian truth. againstf-revailiiig errors, and the. preservation of the sanctityof the Lord!s Day/' ' ? - : ? '?' ?; -; . ?' . .?:?'- ; This- was carried, as were salso the secondr general ^principle given above, and the third general-principle; as follows: J-^-'-f ... ; .-..?; :i Hill. That it is not contemplited that this Alliance should 'assume oraim atfthe^character, pf; a ^ew ecclesiastical ? Prgardzation, claiming and exercising :ihe ' functions bfi:a'C»hristian Shtirch.-' Its simple and cbniprehbnsive object,1 Hs strbrigly felt, marbefluocesBf ully promoted wiarbu't' interfering with or distuisiing the order ipf. any branchof the-)hristian Church to which itimembersihay respeotivay belong jTheTemainder bf theOpnBkitution was* briefly ?dikcusse'a, and was paflsed-in1 the ^following1 amended way: — ' ; , .' ; r ' MeaSs. -rThat in order to carry but these objects, Hhere BhaU be meetings 'for united' prayer/united communion at the -Lord's tablej1 meetitjgs forcouference, public5 meetings, and such /methods of evangelistic labor as may be deemed desirable; ? ? :: ;' - -'?''? *' OBGASlZATlOlfl— That there be a-Presiden1!;. , Treasurer, ' Corresponding and : Finance /Sedre- : taries, all of whom shall^beslected annually by ballot, and a Committee consisting of twelve, besides the above officers, four of whom shall retire annually, but be eligible for re-election. ' MEETnres.— That there be, an annualineet*. ing for the transaction of the business of the Alliance, to be held every year ini Miy, to elect the 'Committee, and oflicers, to. receive a report of 'the 'year's proceediiigs; and to 'discuss Bub'^^ jects of general interest snggestedl-y the Coin' mittee. : '.-;-' ?.'.?: 'i ?? : .' .w' ?? ' . -? ? ?. ; ' That the. Committee have power to .call special -meetings, for ^conference whenever it may be deemed necessary. ' . *, . '.] '? '.'..'. '. : 'That general meetings for p'rayer be held once a quarter at the churches centrally3 situate' In - Adelaide and -elsewhere as thfr Committee may determine, on Monday evjenings,.at haKr, pa«t 7. . ? '? : . ::;.-, ,.' , :- ,:^... 'y ? 'That ministerial meetings for prayer, be heldjmonthly, on mornings of the first Mondays in the month, at half -past 9. ';????? ???'?;, ; 'That meetings, for^united communion : at the Lord's table . be! held once a year at such church - or churches as the Committee jmay ap point. ...-.:. J,.'!, *.,, .. ... . ' :,- ? -. _ ? .'. * 'In harmony witii the above it is suggested that in May there be held a week of special service in the following order :— Monday, gene ral prayer meeting; Tuesday, business and public *? meeting ; s Wednesday,; united com munion ; (Thursday, general . prayer meeting ; Friday, general prayer meeting. ' . Finance.— That the sum of 2s. 6d. annually be expected of each member, and that subscrip tions and donations be invited in aid of the ob- ? jf cts of the Alliance. : ;'ATl!rj:oATIOH.FOB Membebship.— All rer sons desirous of becoming members of the Alliance to make application ±o the Secretary' by means of a printed form, to be obtained of him or of ministerial members of the Alliance.' 1 In the course of the discussion: of the above the question as to the duty of the. Committee, and the power of the Committee to exclude from ther-Alliance -persons whose 'Character might hoi; make them worthy members, and the ; Key.: Mr.. Mead moved that the following ad dition be made to. the basis as. already adopted, viz. :-r--vIt.'will be in the power of ;the : Cpm. mittee to dBoJare any persoiji not £eligib;i$ for : union, with the Alliance on satisfactory- grounds bemg shosmto the Committee.* 7 Tnis.^asjear- , ried, and'the Constitution as amended was ;pimsed. .. .... — ---«^ - V' ? '- ':i : ':. HEMBES8 AND OrFICEBS. ' : The names of the persons preBeht were taken as members of the Alliance, and then the elec tion of ; officers was' proceeded' with vn.HH the following result :— President, ; -Bev. J. Lyall; ? Joint Corresponding Secretaries,, Bev. Messrs. Millard and Jefferis; \Firjance ; Secretary, MtJ W. K. ThbmaB';- Treasurer, Mr. David Murray^ Committee, Eievi Messrs. Binks, Mead, Wrighti Ibbetson,* Way, and Headersori, ^3. Dt. Camp bell, and .'Messrs.; G- ! W. Gottbiv J.: lB. Hack, Jpa. Smiti, A. Dbwie, andG. I&nce.; \- -- - The Benediction was then pronounced, and the proceedings closed. 