BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of this Association were continued on Wednesday, October 20, when at half-past 10 a devotional meeting was held in the Hall adjoining the Church. Exercises of a devotional nature having been engaged in, the Rev, H. J. Lambert, after a few appropriate remarks, vacated the position of Chairman held by him during the past year, and made way for the Rev. J. L. Parsons, who delivered the fol- lowing address:—"Fathers and Brethren—l occupy this chair to-day because I have been invited to do so by the Executive of the Asso- ciation. I do not think the best possible choice has been made; but I have accepted the posi- tion, and shall not therefore indulge in self- laudation under the mask of professions of un- fitness. So, with the brief preface that I trust our meetings this year may be devout in tone, practical in character, and stimulating in their effects, I shall at once proceed with my address, the subject of which is—"Some of the minor hindrances to the progress of Christianity." I have chosen the minor rather than the major hindrances from the conviction that being more numerous, frequently overlooked, and generally regarded as insignificant, they are really the more important. Idolatry, Atheism, Papery, Superstition, Rationalism, Unbelief, Hypocrisy, are not easily missed as ob- stacles to the progress of the Gospel, and they are often made themes for earnest coun- sel and warning. But the lesser hindrances, though a great army, are disregarded and un- mentioned. I quietly assume that the Gospel can be hindered. I shall not even skirmish in the old theologic battle-ground, where the cham- pions of Divine Sovereignty and of Human Free- Will have waged their bitter warfare. The Apostle Paul's authority justifies the assump- tion. He gave up privileges and endured the loss of all things 'lest he should hinder the Gospel of Christ.' If he could hinder the Gospel it can be hindered by us. If he denied himself lawful rights and made sacrifices to avoid hindering the Gospel, we should do the same. We are exposed to the same danger and are bound by the same obligation. As a matter of fact the Gospel is hindered by us all. We look upon the effects of our consistency, prayers, and efforts, and say, 'We have helped the Gos- peL' If we could estimate the effects of our inconsistencies, unbelief, and indolence, we should say, 'We have hindered the Gospel'— the difference between what we might be and might have done, and what we are and have accomplished, being the extent to which we have impeded the work of sancti- fication in our own souls and the king- dom of Christ in the world. Some of these hindrances are placed in the way of the Gospel by its ministers. For the sake of disarming criticism, as well as for convenience of arrangement, I shall begin with them. The Separateness, the distinction of order, which ministers often assume and maintain, belongs to this class. Let no one for a moment suppose that l am a Plymouthist. I recognise, and, at fitting times, magnify mine office as of divine appointment and integral part of the Christian system. The separateness to which I refer is a whisper of priestliness—a faint echo of apostolic successionism, an attempt to keep up, as vital, the distinction between the clericus and the laicus. Of course the nature of the minister's duties invests him with reverence, and should secure him respect. He is to be esteemed very highly in love for his work's sake. But there can be no doubt he loses influence just in the proportion, that he removes himself from the sphere of common life. If he hedge himself about with reserve, his experiences are supposed to be exceptional. If he claim or affect to be distinct from or superior to other Chris- tians on account of his office, he is thought to revolve in an orbit of his own. He be- comes, in fact, an official. He is a func- tionary who prays, preaches, administers ordinance's, buries, and marries; but he is not felt to be a brother exposed to the same tempta- tions and sorrows as the humblest of his hearers. A certain degree of isolation is forced upon ministers. There are many Protestants who regard their minister very much as the Papist regards his priest—and pastor as well as presbyter may be but old priest writ large. There are over-reverential people who will persist in losing sight of the man in the office. But often ministers cultivate a distinctive superiority as a safeguard and a source of authority. A good brother belonging to another denomination, for whom I was once going to preach, urged me to wear his gown, giving as his reason, 'You know we can't afford to despise these things. This is a levelling age, and they keep op our position.' I told him at the time I thought it was a mistake. I think it a mistake now. Our office is spiritual, our work is spiritual, our authority is spiritual. We are not priests in any other sense than that in which all believers are priests. We claim no sacramental authority. We have not even the figment of ordination at the hands of a man who thinks he has by direct transmission from the Apostles some occult authority for saying, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest of God now com- mitted unto thee by the imposition of our hands.' That is an imposition in quite another sense. Overseers, bishops, episkopoi are made not by man, but by the Holy Ghost (Acts xx., 28). They are not nominated by another bishop, but are elected by the Church, which recognises the presence and working of the Holy Ghost in them. Even the Apostles did not ordain (in the sense of appoint by virtue of authority) the elders. Cheristono, the word used in Acts xiv., 23. literally means to 'hold out the hand,' and proves that the elec- tion was by suffrage. The electing body is clearly the Church, and the Churches are to determine who are to be their elders or bishops. And the more believers are convinced that we are not above them but of them, the more will they trust our teaching and reverence us. And if we cannot win their con- fidence and maintain our position without cloth- ing and millinery, without gowns and bands, aprons and cassocks, and other ecclesiastical fripperies and fopperies, the sooner we are con- signed to the lumber-room of worn-out things the better. Our true foundation is not the superstitious, but the intelligent affection of the people. Our usefulness depends upon our being trusted, upon our having the sympathies of those to whom we minister. And every badge we wear, every mannerism we adopt, every exception we make or take, separates us from our fellow-men, lessens our influence, and so hinders the Gospel of Christ. Jealousy of each other is another hindrance placed in the way of the Gospel by its ministers. Pitiable but most deplorable instances of this abound even among those who belong lo the same de- nomination, hold the same opinions, and preach the same doctrines. The success of Christianity is lost sight of in the interests of a particular Church. The salvation of souls is made a secondary matter to insisting upon some real or fancied rights or complaining of some miserable personal slight. More successful laborers are systematically depreciated, and their modes of action, however efficient, are condemned. Indeed, it is rather wonderful to hear some of the ingenious ways in which the success of the successful is accounted for by some of the unsuccessful. There is nothing in their preach- ing, that is mere claptrap or milk and water. Their zeal is fanaticism run mad. Their promptitude and determination are rashness and self- sufficiency. And their usefulness is ascribed to anything but to love of souls and fitness for and consecration to their work. The result of this unmanly detraction is most disastrous. The great army of the Cross, instead of march- ing on in resistless unity, led by officers animated by one common spirit, is split up into little rival companies of Ishmaelites, whose hands are against every man's, and every man's hand is against them. Our order is charged— and I think with justice—with most of the divisions that have rent the body of Christ. Nearly all the great schisms have originated in petty personal piques between party leaders. Charitable, large-hearted judgment of the brethren has never been a common ministerial virtue. And it is vain to hope for a united Church till we have a united ministry—till ministers practice towards each other that love which envieth not, which thinketh no evil, and which doth not behave itself unseemly.' The Want of the Accent of Conviction in Preaching is not believe what they preach : sometimes for another hindrance. This may proceed from either of two causes. Ministers sometimes do mality makes them perfunctory. Now, if there be not faith there should not be preaching. The Scripture rule is, 'We believe, and there- fore speak.' But the accent of conviction is often wanting where faith exists. Through incessant talking, divorced from careful cul- tivation of the spiritual life, ministers become mere sermon-machines and praying-wheels. The same subject is discussed so often that the utterance and the words are both stereotyped. The tones are unconvincing, the emphasis is artificial, the emotion is forged. The result is that 'Oh dear, dear, look,' of utter want of interest of which Dean Alford speaks as dis- tressingly obvious in so many congregations. For hearers know when a preacher is insincere and uneamest. His words then are only words. The tympanum receives certain sounds, but the soul neither thrills nor stirs. There maybe thun- der, but tbere is no lightning; there may be light, but there is no heat; there may be thought, but there is no emotion. When this accent of conviction is lost great alterations should be made in modes of preparation and delivery to recover it. For it is better to make the soul feel the truth than to delight the fancy with word-pictures, delicately-turned tropes, and dainty poetry, or to gratify the intellect with freshness of style and cogency of argument. These need not be unreal, but if they are, rough sentences —fresh from tbe heart, and eloquent with conviction—are far more effective. Few indeed of the preachere who have won souls have been either masters of composition or brilliant orators. Whitefield had a magnifi- cent voice, but his sermons were most com- monplace—at any rate, those published are. Yet, when with passionate earnestness he described the sinner as a blind traveller on the edge of a precipice, with but a step be- tween him and destruction, even the icy Ches- terfield forgot his adamantine maxims, and cried out, 'For God's sake, save him, Whitfield.' Jonathan Edwards, though a profound logician, was utterly destitute of oratorical accomplish- ments. He read his sermons, holding the manuscript close to his eyes, and used scarcely any action. Yet, when he delivered that sermon on the text, ' Their feet shall slide in due time,' so vehement was his realization of the peril of the wicked, that, as he preached, the people crowded into the aisles, and, in the agony of fear, clung to the pillars of the chapel, lest they should slip into perdition. It is this accent of conviction which produces conversion. It is God-inspired, and it is God-honored. Rhetoric, brilliant declamation, imagery may dazzle, may win applause; but the difference between reality and acting is soon discovered. A preacher rings himself on the hearts of his hearers as a coin is rung upon the counter. If he be genuine, the more he is rung the more is his genuineness made apparent; but if he be counterfeit, the higher his flights the sooner and the surer is he detected. My brethren, if our spiritual life be depressed, let us cry for the revivifying influences of the Holy Spirit. If we have lost the keen realization of the truth, let us by prayer get it as a gift from God, and speak it out with ringing clearness in the ears of men. It is the want of this that ex- plains empty pews, yawning congregations, lukewarm Churches, and—so far as that which is human can—the absence of conversions. I turn now to the Church. Here hindrances abound, and the difficulty is to select the most obstructive. There can be no doubt, however, that Gossip is one. The love of a little private information, even of dear friends, is a human infirmity. It is unhappily a common Church characteristic. The eagerness with which per- sonal tittle-tattle is pounced upon, treasured up, and repeated is as remarkable as it is mischievous. For gossip feeds only on gar- bage, and circulates only what is damaging. Its customary prefaces are—'Can you tell me if it is true?' or, 'By the way, have you heard?' And then follows the painful domestic secret, the distressing social scandal, or the sad Church inconsistency, which in half an hour is repeated, and that night is the property and talk of a dozen households. Gossip is a serious hindrance to the progress of the GospeL Ministers' reputa- tions are tattled away. Elders and deacons are whispered out of their usefulness. Churches are torn in pieces by the wagging of that little member which nothing but the grace of God can tame. Very often no evil is intended; there is no desire to do mischief, nor to be unkind—it is mere love of listening to other people's matters and retelling them. It is said that whenever Hannah More was told anything derogatory of another her invariable reply was, 'Come, we will go and ask if that be true?' The affect was sometimes ludicrously painful. The tale-bearer was taken aback, stammered out a qualification, or begged that no notice might be taken of the statement. But the good lady was inexorable — off she took the scandalmonger to the scan- dalised to make enquiry, and to compare ac- counts. How much mischief similar conduct would prevent here where we know just too much and too little of one another. How many a busy body's occupation would be lost! How many a wound the Christian conscience would be spared! How many a schism the Church would escape. Closely allied with gossip, only worse in nature, though not worse in its effects, is Censoriousness. The love of finding fault is universal. Not a few pride themselves upon being able to pick plans, systems, and reputa- tions to pieces. The fault-finder has obtained access to every Church. He disturbs the meet- ings; he seems discontent; he is always ready with an objection. But, as all human proposi- tions and work are imperfect, it is very easy to discover faults in them. And to have a needle eye for detecting mistakes and failings is neither a grace nor a gift of the spirit. The office of charity is not to strip the poor fault of every fig-leaf of excuse and make it run naked; it is to cover it up and wrap it warm in the mantle of love. Nor is it a sign of con- scientiousness to nibble at and take excep- tion to every project that is proposed, and to censure everything that has been done. There are some who, because they cannot have perfection are pleased with nothing. They make the best the enemy of the good. They would try to pick a hole in perfection itself. They are the plagues of our Churches. One of them will mar the peace of a whole denomina- tion. It is a habit to be guarded against; it is a hindrance to be removed. In this enumera- tion we most not overlook Parsimoniousness. As Christianity is constituted money is indis- pensable. The divine law is that the material resources needful for its propagation are to be the free-will offerings of believers. Yet it is to be feared that no side of the Christian cha- racter is so defective, no duty is so systemati- cally neglected, as that of giving. Nothing, indeed, makes one so ashamed of the current profession of Christianity as its financial aspect. Our overdrafts, our debts, our collections, our offerings, our donations, our artifices to get money are a disgrace to the Gospel. The principles and practices of the great majority of Christians with regard to money con- tributions are deplorable. Every week re- veals it. A Church member is heard pray- ing with wonderful fervor for the conversion of the heathen. Ask him for a £5 note to send out a missionary, and he shuffles, makes paltry excuses, and refuses—not because he cannot afford it, but because he loves his money a great deal more than he loves the souls of the heathen. Another expresses in the abstract his unshaken confidence in the promises of God. Ask him for a. sovereign towards some philanthropic object, and remind him 'that he who hath pity on the poor lendeth unto the Lord, and that which he hath given will He pay him again.' How quickly he pulls out his watch! How suddenly he remembers he has a pressing engagement! He will see you about it again. Ah, but he does not invest the pound, and put the promise to the test. A third sor- rowfully laments the neglect and ungodliness everywhere manifest. Bring out a subscription book, and say :—' We are building a church or a school-room to check it. What may I put down your name for? In a moment he tells you there are too many churches and schools already; or else he overwhelms you with the story of his past losses, or the gloomy prospects of the future. l am not plead- ing for wasteful extravagance in building, nor for excessive salaries for ministers. I ask for efficient organizations. I ask that instead of one half of the Church's time being spent in paying off debts which ought not to exist, we may have our energies free for spiritual labor. I ask that Christians, instead of giving beg- garly contributions, and screwing down their weekly offerings to the last possible limit, will give to God liberally, bountifully, royally, and curtail their expenditure on dress, on style, on amusements to do so. I ask for the wealth of the rich and the mites of the poor for the trea- sury of the Lord, and in quite another propor- tion to that commonly accepted. I ask that gifts may be according to the prosperity granted; and when that is done, we shall not have to din and dun and expostulate; for overdrafts and debts of churches will be as great curiosities as mastodons and dodos, and all will belong to a past age. I had noted down several other hindrances upon which, if time had permitted, I would have spoken. Prejudice, which is a bitter spring, poisoning the sweet stream of spiritual life; fashion and love of display, which are the fatal decoys to worldliness of heart and life; indolence that turns away with folded hands from the white harvest fields ; self-in- dulgence, which considers ease, personal com- fort before duty: timidity, which loses golden opportunities through fear of lions in the way; aestheticism, which exalts taste both above de- votion and truth; silence where there should be speech; and speech where there should be silence. I pass these by with bare mention, and come in conclusion to the Inordinate Worship of Wealth and Position, and the craving for respectability, which is despiritual- ising and emasculating the Church. Respecti- bility is the Great Diana of modem Christianity. If a new beatitude were discovered there could not be a more general conviction nor a cry louder than —'Blessed are the respec- table!' Respectability has come to be the test of success; and fidelity to Christ, consistency, and belief are subordinated to it. In the days of our Lord the sign of the divinity of the Gospel was that the poor had it preached to them, and that the common people heard it gladly. Eighteen cen- turies have wrought a strange change. Now the evidence relied upon to convince doubters of its onward progress is that the rich and the great listen to its message. The minister who can boast of influential people who come in their carriages, and who numbers an Honorable or two, a few members of Parliament, and a Mayor, is called a most successful man, with a very prosperous 'cause,' even though conver- sions are as rare as showers in summer. But the minister whose congregation is drawn from the lower stratum of the middle class and the poor, though hundreds are converted under his preaching, is half-contemptuously spoken of, even by Christians, as 'a very useful man no doubt, doing a great deal of good—very earnest, very rousing; our servants go there, and you know they require that sort of thing.' Why, this is exactly what the 'upper classes' thought about the Christ Himself. Respectability would have nothing to do with Him. because none of the rulers had believed in Him. And re- spectability now will only acknowledge that form and kind of Christianity which fashion and rank sanction. Respectability does not believe much in conversions, or in any decisive and aggressive efforts; neither can it enjoy prayer meetings where a godly but unlettered man tries to make known our wants to God. Respectability can overlook a glaring inconsistency, but it is terribly shocked at a mispronunciation. It can tolerate a breach in the moral law, but not one of etiquette. It can find great delight in the society of a Chris- tian who has surrendered all his spirituality, but none in that of one who drops his 'h's.' Respectability likes to go to a fashionable rout on Monday, to tbe races on Thursday, to the theatre on Saturday night, and whispers to the world, 'I love you ; I am your friend.' Then on Sunday it comes to the House of God and says, 'l am a friend of God; I love the Father,' as though it had never been written, 'If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him,' and 'Whosoever will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.' Respec- tability does not select its place of worship from considerations of truth or spiritual profit. The question it asks is not' What is believed and preached ?' but ' Who attend?' And res- pectability goes where the fine people go. It leaves the church where the poor predominate, even though its first religious impressions were received under the ministry there, and is quite proud to sit down in a back seat behind the leaders of fashion — "The influential sinners Who rent the highest pews.' People who will he respectable will surrender principle, convictions, and conscience for re- spectability. They do despite to the Spirit, they are disloyal to Christ, they wrong their own souls to belong to a respectable Church, where they cannot speak of what they do believe, and where they are compelled to sanc- tion by their presence and silence what they do not believe. In this age respectability is a temptation that besets us aIl. It is a danger that threatens every Church. The world is determined to be religious. It has set its heart upon getting the sanction of religion. But it can only get what it wants by making Chris- tianity worldly. It wants to patch up a peace. It says to Christianity—'You come with me in the week to my balls and races and theatres, and lend me your countenance, and I'll come to your churches on Sunday, and patronise your bazaars and ragged schools.'.-And if Chris- tianity do not reply—'Between me and thee there is a great gulf fixed. I may not come over lest I become like thee and lose the likeness of my Lord,' the line between the Church and the world will be completely ob- literated. We must indeed 'take heed that we do not grow respectable;' for any denomina- tion that gets that title is not far off its 'funeral sermon.' Already we have gone further than fidelity or safety warrants. A de- termined stand must be made. The alternative before us is the approval of Christ or the ap- proval of the world. And in order to show that we love the Lord Jesus, we must forego much that is lawful, because it is neither ex- pedient nor safe. Puritanism of the sourest and dismallest type is better than a liberalism that makes 'light have communion with dark- ness, and Christ concord with BeliaL.' I hope I shall not be misunderstood. l am not mak- ing an indiscriminate assault upon wealth and position. Wealth is undoubtedly a great talent; riches are an immense power; and the influence of those who stand in the front ranks, regulating the movements which affect society, is to be desired for the GospeL A wealthy Christian can do what a poor one cannot do. But Christianity must not be hawked about to get the leaders of society to patronise it. Christianity cannot accept, and must not receive their patronage if their lives are at variance with its precepts. Dives must not be put upon our religious Com- mittees because he is Dives, and can give a large donation. Rank must not be asked to take the chair at our meetings because he has a title. Respect most be had to consistency and fitness. Wealth and nobility, with piety, are in their proper places presiding over our Christian Societies. But no amount of money, and no historic splendor of name, and no degree of prestige or success, justifies the invi- tation of a man of un-Christian life to patronise Christianity. And when it is done, they who do it deserve what the Committee of the Nor- wich Bible Society got when it asked the sport- ing Earl of Orford to take the chair at its annual meeting. In reply to the Secretary, the Earl wrote the following note : —' Sir —I am sur- prised and annoyed at the contents of your letter —surprised because my well-known character should have exempted me from such an ap- plication; annoyed because it obliges me to have this communication with you. I have long been addicted to the gaming-table. I have lately taken to the turf. I fear I frequently blaspheme. I have never distributed religious tracts. All this was well known to you and to your Society, notwithstanding which you think me a proper person for your President. May God forgive your hypocrisy. I would rather live in the land of sinners than with such saints.—l am.&c;, Orford. May, 1867.' The candor of that nobleman is to be admired, however much his moral condition is to be deplored. He had a truer sense of consistency than that lackey-spirited Committee who thought rank a sufficient set-off to blasphemy, and titled ungodliness a compliment to the Word of God. How ashamed of themselves they must have been when these incisive sentences were read out for their common edification. And now I close. I have enlarged upon this last for it is the most serious. The intelligence from England shows that this determination to be respectable is threatening to destroy the spiritual life of the city Churches. They are becoming so wordly in tone and act that vital godliness is imperilled. The same thing is here. Let us watch and pray that we enter not into temptation. The last thing to be said is the necessity of unflinching Christian faithfulness to Christ, to the Word, to conscience. It is not isolated acts, but the habit of fidelity that is required—fidelity in the little as well as the great—for he who is faithless in that which is least will, when the temptation is strong enough, be faithless in that which is greatest; and it is only he who removes the minor hindrances from the way of the Gospel who has the guarantee that he will never obstruct its progress with the major ones. He " 'Who keeps no guard upon himself is slack, And rots to nothing at the next great thaw.' The circumstances and the times demand a thorough and personal consecration on the part of Christians. There must be sincere and de- cisive piety. Consistency must be worn and protected as a jewel of costliest worth. We must be altogether for Christ. A half-hearted homage, a partial surrender, a fitful service, a lukewarm love will not suffice. Body, soul, in- tellect, life, influence, time, talent, affection, must all be laid upon the altar, awaiting the descent of the fire from heaven. The rest will follow. The Holy Ghost shall endue us with power from on high; and the Gospel, having all hindrances removed from its way, winged by faith, wafted by prayer, and accredited by con- sistency, shall go singing through the lands till stranger ears and alien hearts have heard and understood its wondrous message of love. Then praise shall rise from full hearts, daily prayer shall be as incense, the lifting up of the hands as the evening sacrifice till "'God's millenial morn shall rise On happy hearts and blessed eyes.' Meantime each believing and obedient heart may take up the supplication ef faith— Few years, no wisdom, no renown, Only my life can I lay down ; Only my heart, Lord to thy throne I bring, and pray A child of thine I may go forth, And spread glad tidings through the earth, And teach sad hearts to know Thy worth! Lord, here am I. Make Thou me strong; that staff and stay, And guide and guardian of the way, To Theeward I may bear each day, Some fainting soul. Speak, for I hear; make pure in heart, Thy face to see; Thy truth impart In hut and hall, in church and mart! Lord, here am I. I ask no heaven till earth be Thine, No glory crown while work of mine Remaineth here; when earth shall shine Among the stars; Her sins wiped out, her captives free, Her voice a music unto Thee, For crown, new work give Thou to me! Lord, here am I.'" The Rev. S. Mead, in moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Parsons, said he thought the ad- dress should go forth as the unanimous voice of the meeting. (Hear, hear.) Of course they could not all put their names to it—(laughter)— but he should like it known that it was the united feeling of the whole body. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. Price seconded, observing that the address was mainly divided into two parts, one referring to ministers and the other to the Church. He felt that the first was peculiarly adapted to him, and he was sorry when Mr. Parsons turned to the other portion ; but he soon found that the second part applied to him equally as much as the first. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He took that opportunity of thank- ing God for sending them men who would lead them, and who would be instrumental in the sal- vation of souls. (Hear, hear.) The Revs. Messrs. Daniels, Day, Lambert, and Messrs. Thomas and Shaw supported, the latter observing that education had not been treated on in the paper. The Rev. Mr. Mead explained that this was a separate matter, and would come on at another stage of the meeting. The vote was passed, and the Rev. Mr. Parsons having returned thanks, the meeting adjourned till the aftemoon. ANNUAL REPORT On reassembling, the Rev. S. Mead read the annual report, as follows :—" We present you to-day with the sixth annual report of the Baptist Association. We are fully persuaded that this Association has increased in power each successive year. We believe that it is to- day stronger than ever. We are thankful to know that it possesses, to a very large extent, the confidence and sympathy of our Churches. May it become, under the blessing of God, an agency for increased usefulness in promoting His glory. With humility of heart it becomes us to acknowledge that the past year has not been one of special success in the leading of sinners to the Saviour. We need a richer endowment of the gifts of the Spirit. For this end we would suggest the desig- nation of a day when we may all, either in a private or public manner, lay this matter before the Lord, and pray for 'greater things.' We have also to acknowledge that our pro- gress in taking up new spheres of labor has not been great. New chapels have been erected, or are being erected, at Norwood, Inglewood, Stockport, Tarlee, Saddleworth, Eden Valley, and Gawler; the chapel at Magill has been en- larged. Moreover regular worship is sustained in other places newly entered upon, which are without chapels. One place of Worship at Port Lincoln we have not used. A church has been organised at Inglewood. Work of an evangelistic character has been carried on during the year. Mr. K. Parkin, formerly minister of the Magill Church, has been sus- tained as an Evangelist. His labors have been blessed, and the Committee have full confi- dence in his earnestness and zeal. Mr. John N. Birks has been sustained as a student. He has worked at his studies with satis- factory diligence and success. Chiefly on this ground it has not been judged needful to subject him to the usual formal examination. In preaching he has had tokens of the divine blessing. By the establishment of the Ade- laide Theological College, the Committee of the Association will be relieved of the respon- sibility of directing the studies of those who may devote themselves to the work of the ministry; nevertheless a close relationship must exist between the two Committees. The Baptist students will be expected to throw themselves as heartily into the general work of the Association as heretofore. Moreover, the Committee of the Association will be asked for a liberal pecuniary contribution to the funds of the College. In the fullest sense, we hope the Committee of the College, while, occupying an independent position, will be thoroughly one with the Association. We commend this college move- ment to the sympathies of the denomination at large. It may be best here to make allusion to our denominational magazine, Truth and Progress, which is now near the end of the second year of its publication. We are glad that there has been no necessity for an appeal to be made for gratuitous contributions, in order to its susten- tation. As to its character and usefulness during the present year, there are not wanting evidences which yield us satisfaction and awaken gratitude. We are thankful that it has been a medium for the ministration of truth fitted to edify. We have a fair number of subscribers in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. Letters received from the last-mentioned colony during the last few days prove that it is read there with much interest, and is looked upon as an organ which may be rendered service- able for the expression of the varied aspects of Christian truth. We are far from think- ing the magazine all it may be made as a power for good, and hope that under a new editorship it may become increasingly efficient. In former reports Gawler has been more than once referred to. The indications of the Divine approval of the work there have been manifold. A decided step has now been taken in securing a good site, and in the erection of a chapel thereon; this will, we think, tend to give per- manency and defniteness to the cause. We hope a minister will be located there within a few months. The settlement of the Rev. J. L. Parsons at North Adelaide yields us sin- cere pleasure, and we have been glad to welcome the Rev. Mr. Kingdon, lately arrived, and hope he may usefully labor among us. We think it becoming to acknowledge the pecu- niary assistance rendered by a generous friend of all Christian efforts. But for such a liberal contribution we should have been much crippled in our movements. We must still urge all our friends to help this Asoociation to the utmost of their ability, consistently with other claims. The increased number of ministers in and near Adelaide renders it possible for us to have a more equable division of labor of a general denominational character than has hitherto pre- vailed. In the contemplated election of a new Secretary or Secretaries we sincerely hope that fresh life and vigor may be dilfused among the Churches. At the same time we are deeply im- pressed with the truth that we all need a firmer hold and more enlightened comprehension of Christ's Truth, and a richer baptism of His Spirit." Mr. Jas. Cumming moved, and the Rev. Mr. Davis seconded, the adoption of the report, and one or two omissions having been rectified, the motion was carried. TREASURER'S REPORT. Mr. Jas. Smith, the Treasurer, presented the balance-sheet, from which it appeared that from collections, proceeds of tea, sale of books, &c.;, £20 1s. had been received; £327 3s. 10d.. from sundry subscriptions, including a gift of £150 from Mr. J. H. Angas; and from country churches, £99 19s. 7d., making the total amount of receipts £447 4s. 5d. The expendi- ture amounted to £412 5s. 9d. leaving a balance in hands of the Treasurer of £34 18s. 8d. Mr. D. Fowler moved, and Mr. A. Murray seconded, the adoption of the report, which, after a discussion and the alteration of one or two clerical errors, was passed, COMMITTEE, &c.; The Rev. Mr. Mead proposed the following gentlemen as Committee and officers for the ensuing year :—Revs. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., H. J. Lambert, J. L. Parsons, R. Parkin, Messrs. D. Fowler, T. Barnes, J. Whiting, A. S. Neill, J. A. Holden, W. K. Thomas, G. Shaw, A, Murray, J. Cumming, J. Jaret, James White, J. Darling, F. Horn. Secretaries —Revs. J. Price and J. M. Day. Treasurer Mr. Jas. Smith. In answer to a question, the Rev. Mr. Mead explained the reasons for his desire not to take the position of Secretary again. Mr. Summers pro- posed that Mr. Mead be requested to con- tinue as Secretary, explaining that it was ne- cessary for one of the two gentlemen appointed as Secretaries to reside in Adelaide, for the proper execution of the work, and neither of the gentlemen proposed resided near the city. The Rev. J. Price seconded. The Rev. Mr. Mead having again expressed his unwillingness to take the office, Mr. D. Fowler suggested that Mr. Birks, a gentleman studying for the ministry, should act in this capacity. Mr. W. K. Thomas supported this suggestion, but after a little further discussion, Mr. Summers, on the recommendation of the Chairman, with- drew the amendment, and the matter was left to the Committee. The proposition was car- ried. THE RETIRING SECRETARY. * The Rev. H. J. Lambert moved—" That the thanks of this Association be accorded to the Rev. Silas Mead, for his untiring ability as Secretary to the Association.*' The Rev. Mr. Tuck seconded, each gentleman passing a high eulogium on the efforts of the late Secretary on behalf of the Association. The motion was carried by acclamation, and the Rev. Mr. Mead returned thanks, expressing his indebtedness to the Committee for their able assistance, and intimating that he would now devote all the time that he could spare for the benefit of the other Churches. MAGAZINE EDITORS. The Rev. J. Price proposed—''That the Revs. J. L. Parsons and H. J. Lambert be editors of Truth and Progress magazine; and Mr. F. Hann Finance Secretary for the coming year." This was carried. The Chairman inti- mated that as the expenses came rather heavily on the editors sometimes, it had been thought desirable that a fund of about £50 should be established to meet working expenses, and if five gentlemen would subscribe £10 each he could assure them it would be invested and used in the best manner. The Rev. S. Mead then read the balance-sheet of the Magazine, showing an estimated balance due of £7 19s. Mr. D. Fowler said he would take two shares in the loan fund. (Laughter.) Mr. W. K. Thomas proposed a vote of thanks to the Revs. Messrs. Mead and Price for their services as editors of the Magazine, and to Mr. F. Hann for his services as Finance Secretary. This was seconded and carried. In returning thanks, the Rev. S. Mead observed that the Magazine had been a success not only in a religious point of view, of which they had unmistakeable proof, bnt also in a financial aspect, for their circula- tion was 800 a month, just double what they expected. Mr. Hann also returned thanks. RECEPTION OF CHURCH. The Rev. S. Mead read a letter from the Rev. J. L.Parsons, pastor of the Lefevre terrace Baptist Church, applying that that Church might be united to the Association. He proposed, and Mr. W. K. THOMAS seconded, and it was resolved to receive the above Church as requested. THE RECENT RAINS. The Rev. Mr. Tuck proposed the following resolution:—"That this meeting desires to express sincere thanks to God for His goodness in sending the recent rains. More especially as they came when their need was much felt." He expressed thanks to God for the rains which had recently fallen, and for the prospect they now had of a moderate if not bountiful harvest. The Rev. J. M. Day seconded, and the motion was carried. EDUCATION. The Rev. J. M. Day moved the following resolution: —"That in the opinion of this meeting it is the duty of the State to intro- duce a national system of compulsory education, without reference to religion." There had been a great many opinions expressed on this subject. Some persons being in favor of secular educa- tion, by Government, and the non-introduction of Bibles into schools, and some being opposed to this. He agreed with the former, for he believed that the reading of the Bible in schools was productive of little, if any, good. He looked back at his school-day Bible-reading with a shudder, on account of the shame and hypo- crisy of the whole thing. It seemed to him that in order to prevent a great deal of the mischief done it was absolutely necessary that the Government should see that some sort of secular education was provided. What the Catholics wanted, he remarked, was simply that the Government should actually subsidise their schools. He wished it to be understood that he did not move this out of any disrespect to the Bible, but he thought it was undesirable that the Holy Word should be placed in the hands of some teachers, on account of their unfitness. The Rev. S. Mead seconded, remarking that experience in a matter was better than hearsay, and he had had experience both in England and in the colonies. The system in England was a failure, and so was the Melbourne deno- minational system, so that the Canadian sys- tem, from all records, was the best. Mr. Shaw thought it was the duty of the State to see that those children found wandering about the streets received a secular education. There were many in town and villages roaming about, and if their education was neglected, they would be a source of trouble hereafter. Mr. D. Fowler referred to the immense ad- vantages of the Scottish National system of education. He observed that wherever that system had reached in Scotland, they would find that three out of every four boys had schooling. The religious difficulty was settled in an easy manner, for nothing at all was said about it. (Laughter.) They wanted a better class of teachers, and it was the duty of the State to give them a better system of education. The Chairman said there appeared to be four systems for their consideration—Firstly, Go- vernment education with the Bible; secondly, Government education without the Bible; thirdly, compulsory education with the Bible; and fourthly, compulsory education without the Bible. He thought the State should have nothing to do with religious education, but he went heart and soul into compulsory education. From his experience in the dark districts of the west of England, he knew that ignorance was very prevalent, and he thought it was the result of the present system of edu- cation. He heartily supported the motion. Tbe Rev. Mr. TUCK did not believe in com- pulsory education. It was an objectionable system, and would never do for Englishmen. Mr. Hutton here suggested that the discussion should be adjourned till the half-yearly meet- ing. He thought they would not have time now for a fair consideration of the matter, and it would not do to pass a thing like this without it. Mr. Dewhirst corrected an impression which appeared to prevail, that the present Education Act required that the Bible should be read in schools. That was not a fact. The Board regulations required it, but not the Act, which said that the educa- tion should be founded on Bible truth. This should never have been in the Act, and then there would have been no necessity for discussing it. The word compulsory was, no doubt, rather repulsive, but they would find that feeling in England was tending towards that system. He agreed with the motion, but this was an important matter, and should not be decided off hand. He thought that if the Government gave anything, it should bestow what it gave according to secular results. The Rev. Mr. Tuck seconded, and the Rev. Mr. Price supported, an adjournment of the discus- sion. Tbe Rev. Mr. Badger thought the matter should be decided at once. It had been occup- ying their attention a long time, and surely they had arrived at some definite conclusion on it. He pointed out that the exclusion of Bibles from schools would not prevent the study of it, for it could be taught by the parents and Church. The discontinuance of Bible reading in schools would remove a great many difficulties. He always had reverential feel- ings for the Word, bnt he did not think he was doing wrong in advocating its removal from schools. With regard to compulsory education, he said he believed in it. All destitute children the Government could get hold of they should be compelled to educate. The Rev. Mr. Davis remarked that a great deal had been said about the Scotch system of education by Scotchmen. Well, he thought it was rare to find a Scotch- man who could not read, which was an educational defect common to English- men. His opinion was that the American was the best system of education and it was a significant fact that the Church of Rome was strenuously opposing it. He thought the discussion should be adjourned. Mr. W. K. Thomas pointed out that no object could be served by adjourning the question, and if it were postponed till the next half- yearly meeting that might be held in the country, and the decision arrived at would not have so much weight as it would coming from that Association. If it was put off till the annual meeting the matter might in the mean- time be finally settled. He agreed with the proposition. The Chairman put the amend- ment that the discussion should be adjourned, which was lost. He then put the motion, which was carried. The Chairman having an- nounced the evening meeting the proceedings terminated. 