LAYING THE CORNER-STONE OF ST. MARY'S CHURCH. DUNOLLY. His Lordship the Bishop, accompanied by the Revs. Father Shanahan, C.C., Inglewood, and the Rev. Father Dalton, S J., Melbourne, arrived in Dunolly, by way of Carisbrook, from Castlemaine on Saturday, 17th inst. Saturday evening was devoted to the preparing of the children for the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation, and to the hearing of confessions. On Sunday, the day appointed for laying the corner-stone, there were three Masses celebrated. The first was said at 7 a.m., in the old church, by the Rev. Father Dalton, at which a large number of people received Holy Communion. At 9 a.m. Mass was offered up by his Lordship, who at its conclusion addressed, the children on the natute of the Holy Sacrament they were about to receive. He then administered Confirmation to a large number of children, after which he addressed them, encouraging them to persevere, and to preserve the graces and fruits of the Holy Ghost, which had that day been communicated to them, and which combine in themselves all the necessary helps to a Christian life, and would enable them to profess the Faith in the face of the greatest dangers, and even of death itself. At 11 a.m. the congregation began to assemble in the new building, which is already far advanced towards completion. The walls on this occasion were temporarily covered in, and an altar was very neatly erected at the westend. Mass was celebrated by the Rev. M. J. Shanahan, at which a large number of the faithful received Holy Communion. After Mass his Lordship entered and blessed the foundation of the church and the site of the future altar; he then proceeded to bless and lay the " corner-stone," accompanied by a large number of lay gentlemen, in addition to the clergymen above mentioned. In the cavity of the stone, previously prepared for the purpose, there was placed a bottle containing copies of the Advocate and of the local organ, the Express, and a scroll wherein was recorded the date of the ceremony and the names of His Holiness Pope Pius IX., the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, the Rev. M. J. Shanahan, the local pastor; also of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, His Excellency the Governor, and the architect, R, Dowden, Esq. The stone, which was placed suspended at the height of about 13 feet from the ground, was then lowered into its place, under the superintendence of Messrs. Faulkner and Davis, and declared "well and truly laid." His Lordship then entered the church, where the Rev. J. Dalton, S. J., delivered a powerful and elo- quent sermon on the text, "Whosoever shall invoke the name of the Lord shall be saved." At its conclusion, the Rev. Father Shanahan and the members of the committtee went amongst the peopie, and collected about one hundred pounds. His Lordship then addressed the people, expressing his gratification at the signs of the rapid growth of the " True Faith " among them as evidenced by the large numbers that day attending Holy Communion, and the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation; as also by the number of new churches springing up in the surrounding districts. He thanked them for their charity and zeal, and in particular he returned thanks to the large numbers of Protestants who attended and subscribed generously on an occasion so entirely Catholic and religious. This church, the walls of which have cost close upon a thousand pounds, will, when finished, be a standing testimony to the piety and zeal of the Catholics of Dunolly and its neighbourhood—a piety and zeal forcibly reminding us of the piety and zeal which have filled the cities of the Old World with such magnificent Christian temples. Not the least gratifying feature connectcd with the late ceremony was the presence and support* as above mentioned, of such a large number ttf the most respectable Protestants district. This speaks volumes for the kindly feeling subsisting between Catholics and Protestants in tlus district. On- •SfonWS.y evening His Lordship was waited by H. B. Daly, Esq., Dr. Pierce, J. Bvvnlwr, Esq., C. Cameron, Esq., P. Cameron, Esq., and other gentlemen, and >Xtis presented by them with the followiwi* address on behalf of the Catholics of PUnolIy :— The Humble Address of the Catholics of the District of Dunolly to tlio Right Rev. James Alipius Goold, Bishop of Melbourne-. " Mr Lord, —We, the Catholics of the district of Dunolly, humbly approach your Lordship on your arrival among us. " We give God thanks that He has conferred good health upon your Lordship. We congratulate your Lordship upon your successful visit to and safe return from Europe. " We desire to express our deep feeling respect and love which your Lordship's great zeal and unceasing labours in the cattue of religion have inspired. " We thank your Lordship for your successful labours while in Europc in securing the assistance of the Christian Brothers, whose services will be invaluable in the cause of education in this country, as education is understood and desired by the Catholic Church. " We humbly beg to offer your Lordship our heartfelt thanks for your great kindness in coming here to-day to lay the corner stone of our new church, and for the great encouragement, you thereby give us in our efforts to finish it. "We farther thank your Lordship for the many blessings you have this day conferred upon us and upon our children. " And lastly, we beg of the Most High that He in His supreme goodness may spare you long in good health aud vigour to confer similar blessings upon us and our little ones. " Signed on behalf of the Catholics of the district of Dunolly, " H. B. DALY, J.P. " WALTER CHARLES PIERCE, M.D. " JOHN O'NEILE, Bealiba." His lordship then replied in suitable terms. On Sunday night his Lordship, accompanied by the Rev. Fathers Shanahan and Dalton, S.J., returned to Carisbrook, where on Monday morning he administered the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation to between fifty and sixty children, who had been previously prepared by the Rev. J. Fennelly. While here his Lordship received deputations from Maryborough and Talbot, asking for permission and support towards the erection of new churches in the abovenamed districts. In both cases the deputations were favourably received. On Tuesday evening his Lordship arrived iu Inglewood, and during the evening large numbers attended St. Mary's Church, where confessions were held by his Lordship and the Rev. Fathers Shanahan and Dalton, S.J. Mass was celebrated on Wednesday morning at 8 a.m. by his lordship, and again at 9 a.m. by the Rev. J. Dalton, S.J., who delivered an eloquent address on the text from the Epistle of St. James, "As the body without the spirit is dead, so also faith without good works is dead." The rev. gentleman began by reminding his hearers that that day was the anniversary of two glorious martyrs—St. Fabian (pope) and St. Sebastian —who showed by their works the faith that was in them. People in these days were not called on to lay down their lives for their religion, but they were called on to show by their virtuous lives and by the observance of the commandments of God and of his church, that the. faith which they professed was a living reality. He recommended all, especially the young, to cultivate devotion to the Immaculate Mother of God, as the surest means of living pure and holy .lives. After Mass was over his Lordship delivered to the children assembled for confirmation an excellent address' on the nature and effects of the sacrament they were about sto receive. His Lordship then administered the Holy Sacrament of Confirma- tion to 54 children, after which he addressed the assembled people on the duty of sup- porting Catholic schools, arguing that their children did not properly belong to them, but were a deposit intrusted to their charge by Almighty God, and that their first duty in regard to them was to supply them with a religious education. His Lordship expressed himself greatly consoled and edified at seeing so large a number assembled—many of them from great distances—to partake of the Hoifr Salcramcnt, and to assist at these solemn ceremonies of the Church. On Wednesday his Lordship proceeded to Sandhurst, in company with the Rev. M. J. Shanahan and Rev. J. Dalton, S.J,. where he was joined by his Grace Archbishop Polding, of Sydney 