LEGISLATIVA ASSEMBLY. Tho SrEAKsn took tho ohair at twenty-eight minutos past 3 o'clock. NEW MEMBER. Mr. M, W. KELLY/, the newly elected member for Braidwood, introduced by Manara, Garrett and Mas leay, enterod tho Ilouep, and after tho oath bad bees administered to him took his sent on tho right of the LAW REFORM, Mr. J. STEWART aekod tho Colonial Sooretary Whether Government intends to introduce eny bill to reform the administration of law and rquity ? Mr. ROBERTSON said it was exceedingly unlikely that the Government would bo able to int'oduce a bill for this purpose during the présent session, DB, BADHAM. Mr. J. STEWART oBked a question in referen':) to Dr. Badham's travelling expenees, to which Mr. ROBERTSON promised to give a reply *> morrow. COST OF RAILWAY FLEE PE BS. Mr. FARNELL asked the Secretary for Publie Works-Whether he instructed the roil way effioials fo accept at a certain price all eleepots ot a suitable doecription that any person might offer to deliver to tho railway works at Picton, or elsewhere, on the Sinthern line ? Mr. SUTHERLAND said advertisements were put forth in tho usual way ; and as sleepers were wanted at once, instructions wore given for the purchase of some, to be supplied expeditiously at fair and reasonable prioes. OL MM OF MR, GEORGE WILLIAMS. Mr. E. BROWN asked tho Seorotary for Publio Works-What cou iee do the Government intend to take with refereno« to the olaim of Mr. George Williams, of South Gundagai, for £108 10a" fer con. atrncting a river boat, for which proper vonohers were furnished to tho Works department, and approved by the lato Minister, but for which payment has hitherto been denied to Mr. Williams, owing to the loss of the papers bv Government officials ? Mr. SUTH KEL AND e»id tho vouchers had been forwarded to th« Treasury fer povment. THE NEWCASTLE STEAM CRANES. Mr. J. STEWART asked the Secretary for Pablio Works-1. For how many tons of ooal shipped hythe I .Newoastle steam arañes, han Government paid, since the cranes were last leaeed ? 2 For how many tons has Govomment received payment du-iog the same period? 3. Has any complaint bees lodged as to the management of the cranes? 4 Does anyone,on behalf of Government, oversee or inspect tho oranost Mr. SUTHERLAND answered-1. 010,222 tons. 2\. 818.276 tona 3, Complaints have boon received respsotinir mismanagement of the cranes; one in Sep- tember 1868. another ia April, I860. On inquiry it was fonnd that tho circumstances did not justify the complaint». 4. Ye«. OLAIM OF MR. W. L G. DREW. Mr. LYONS ask^d the Colonial Secretary- Whether he has any objection co lay on the table of this House tho correspondence whiah has taken place between Mr, W. L. G Drow and the Government Tespeotieg a claim mide by that gentlemen to oompeaBation for losses arising out of tbo non-fulfilment ot a so's by auction to him of a quantity of timbor ? Mr. ROBERTSON eaid thero wno no objection whatever to produce tho papers. Bat pdrhaps the better woy would be to move ior th«ir p-oduclion, QUESTION POSTPONED Sir JAMES MARTIN postponed a question relating to the onnvictinn of Hovell and Hangi. COST OF HOliTIiUKN RAILWAY EXTENSION". afr. HOSKINS asked tho Secretary for Publio Worke-1, What is the es'imated gross amount of publio money involved in the contract f r tho forma- tion and construction of tho Great Northern Railway from Musol'brook to S-one, at the oontrastor's schedule of prices ? 2 What amount of publia money has been paid to tho said contractor, on tho oerlifioste of the district engineer, for works executed by such coo. traotor in oonneotion with tho said contraot, up to the 81st AugtiBt, 1869 ? Mr. SUTHERLAND roplied-1. £88 773 5s. 8d. 2\. £10,225 7« 4d. INITIATION OF MEASURE* IN THE LEGIS- LATIVE COUNCIL. Mr. FARNELL asked the Gilonial Seorslary-Is it (ho intention of tho Government to initiate or origi- nate in the Legislative Council any of the twenty-one measures enumerated in tho Govornoi's spoojh upon the opening of Parliament ? Mr. ROBERTSON Bald yes; it ie the intention of the Government to do so; as it seems to them unobjec- tionable in other regards, and likely to press on tbs public business STATISTICAL REGISTER OF 1808. Mr. J. STEWART esk«d tho Colonial Sooretary When tho Statistical Register for 1808 would be laid upon the tabl» ? Mr. ROBERTSON said ho would inform the hon, momaor to-morrow. RETURNS. Mr. FORSTER laid on the table an abstraat of Crown lands reserved from sale for tho purposes of water supply ; also, as sites for cities, towns, and vil- lages. Mr. ROBERTSON' laid on tho table a return of sleators to the L'gislativo Assembly ; returns under the District Courts Act; and a doapntou from tbs See rotary of State on tho distribution of her Majesty's trooi.e. Tho documents wera ordered to bo prinfod.' THR ESTIMATES. Tho SPEAKER anuounoed a message from tba Governor, transmit ing for the consideration bf tbs House the estimatoa for 1870, and supplementary estimates for 1869 and previoue years. The annonaoo ment was recoived with cheers on b nh aides. FINANCIAL STATEMENT. Mr. SAMUELS moved that the Governor's mes- sage be primed. In d iing so, he said he hoped to make his financial statement to-morrow (Thursday) woek. (Cheers.) 1 Tho estimites wsro ordored to bo printed Mr. HAM UEL gavo notice of nv>tioa that the . House should, on Wednesday noxt, res JIVO itself into oommittoo of supply, and on Thursday, lltb, into oommit'eo for Ways and mema. - BILLS FOR REDUCTION OF SALARIES. Mr. ROBERTSON gavo notioo that oa Wednesday next ho would move for lea-e to introduos bills to re dnoe the Balary of future Govornors, and to reduoe cer- tain ofuVial salariée, f Cheers ) - LEASES OF LAND ON GOLD FIELDS. Mr. E BROWN presented a petition frera 110 miners, mechante, and others at Adolong against the prosent system of leasing ground on gold-fields, They thought leasei should be gi anted only for abandoned ground. ' The petition wai received. - CASE OF MR, B0KFORD, M.L.A. Mri FORS 1ER roes to correct a mistake into whloh he had led tho House. He alluded to ths matter of the appointment of trustees for the Cess nook Road. It waB stated that these ?""'ess-were appointed on tho recommendation of Mr. Eokford. ' 'U was not BO* He made a recommendation of trustees for various roads in his own electorate, expressly guard iag hinusif in M doing by Ute »Utament that they were In tie electorate. Ho (Mr. Forster) i general order for tho appointment of t'U«teei error waa made by a olerk in bis ofHcs, «»erlookirg the'fact that the Cessnock Eoad w in Mr. Eskford's electorate, carried oat tho or that > case wlthnnt : any exprés 1 direotloa frot (Mr. Forster) He had a statement from jthi who made that mis toto, who was distinguish diligence and industry. (Mr. WILSON: Hear, it is Mr, Freeman, I suppose; no botter officer department) He (Mr. Forster) laid on tho tab own minute on the subjeot, with a statement i Freeman on the other fido. He proposed tb clerk Should read this document. The Cwmrr, at tho table nccordinglr, by direct the Speaker, road the minute of Mr. Forste the statement of Mr, Fro mon. Tho minute that the Secretary for Lands had reason to clou' accuracy of tho' statement ho had mada in the I and wished to have a full report on the subjec before him. Tho statement of Mr. Freeman v the offeot that Mr. Eckford onl) recommended tr for tho roads on his electorate, and that the mom the road botwoon Oossnock and Maitland had bee as it woe, solely in conecquenoe of his (Mr. Frees failure to recognieo tba result of tbs appointai Btw trustoos. He oonoludo-t : " I offer this ex| tion of my blunder, aa I fear it must bo consider! Tho document was ordered to be printed. Mr. ECKFORD then moved the adjourami tho House. - He trustod he would reoeive from sides of tho House a fair bearing, for he roEo to d himself from one of tho most gross attaoks ever on a public man in a British oolony. He rose I fend himself against an attack made by the hon. t ber for Singleton (Mr. Wilson) with most indecont I The hon. member (Mr. Wilson) pave nolie Tuesday last tbat ho would move for the produo'.i papers containing charges against him (Mr. Eah by the warden of Maitland Diatiiot Council \ followed ? Almost in the rame breath he (Mr. son) gave notice of a motion for a Beleot comm: and on making that motion laid against him Eokford) tho most gross, unfounded, and groun charges ever made op.iinat any man within the t of the world. T;ose obarges wera all second- hand. (Mr. Wilson) said tha warden told him so ant Why did be not produce and lay on the tabla of Houee something in writing from tba warden ? (Mr. Wilson) said tb» Minister for Linds and Government woro f-hielding him (Mr. Eckford) I ho would say, " Save mo from my friends " Minister for Linds had done him a g"'-rit injus He would eh->w this by dooumente. Ho applie August or July Jast to the Minister for Li requesting that do would dispose of th's < (Mr FonsTKit: Hear, hour) He (Mr. E kl had not required to be shielded by tho Mini or anybody else. Tho Minister for Lands was repn to havo e.iid th-.t his (Mr. Eokford's) explanation not satisfactory ; leading some to supposa that tl was something behind tho curtain. If be ( Forstsr) had expressed himaolf in that manner, wi ever personal friendship hu might have had with I ceased. But if ony_ membor of Ibo Government done injustice to him, no long as their political ; were in accordance with what the past had been would vote for thom. At tho samo time ho could h no personal respect for them. The Colonial Troasi was tbe only momber cf tho Governtn who stood up and Sefondod him in his absenop. was littlo that he was shielded by tho G-ivernmi Next ho oame to Mr Leo. lio was sorry the h gentleman was not hero. Hs would say littlo ab him in his absence. But ho would advise that h gentleman, before ho tried to spatter dirt upon a body else, to ace that his own hands and taco w olean. Ho (Mr. Eakford) was quite prepared have hie own history for thirty five ye placed in juxtaposition with that of the hon, momb (Cheers.) Certain gentlomou had attacked him in moat unmanly and cowardly way-gentlemen who! dined and wined at bis houoo as friends. Ho et( there as ono of the publia mon of this country, a hoped be would be treated as euoh to-day. (He heir.) But the hon. membor (Mr. Wilson), not sci fled, made a second attaok on him, and tl behind his back. He thanked tho hon. marni for the Hunter (Mr, Burns) for moving tho adjoui mont. Who was this warden oa whom the ht member (Mr Wilson) relied ? Ho was a nomiooo the late Colonial Seorotary. He waa a man whe ohequo waa good for any amount And people said Maitland that his cheque was tho best thing abo him. But tho bon. member (Mr. Wilson), not eal isl] with having given him two prods, commenc against him a third time. He brought .bargo about" fictitious vouchora." Aa to tho roooi mendation ef trustees, that matter tho Minister i Lands had cleared up. Some five or six yoi ra aj when tho present Premier was Minister for Lani money was cent by mistake to tho Wollombi con mitteo. They carno to bim (Mr. Eckford) and aehi what thoy should do with it. Ho said if thoy toi care to spood it in' tho Maitland district there wou be no harm done. Tbe Government, said the ho member (Mr. Wilson), refasod ts causo any inqufi to ho made ai to this money. If thi did, it was not his fnult He had always expressed desiro to have this matter properly cleared up. I courted the etriotest inquiry into his conduct. Tl hon. member fer the Hawkesbury (Mr. Piddingtsi had eaid he thought delay was unnoces ary. Ha (.\I Eckford) thought it was un-Bnglish for any man character to bs emblazoned forth to the world withot his having an opportunity of sajing something in h own defence. Then tho hon, membor (Mr. Wileoi had ' nnoth'T slap ot bim He said there was s notion for defamation of charaoter pending against hin Well ho had plenty of proofs, whio he would allow tho hon. gentleman at tho head of tb Government to seo. The hon, member (Mr Wilson however, did not tell them that Mr. Eakford woul take a similar course; but CB Büro as he (Mr. Eokfon was there, tho wardon would bear from him, if 1 was alive. The wardon know full well that he ba made allegations that he could not prevo. I Deoomber last tho hon. gentleman at tho head of tl Government oalled Parliament together. This wardo was then in Sydney. Ho loft home on the Thursda morning; on the Fi id ay, a telegram was sent to tb secretary of the DIstriot Connoil to oill a opeoial mool ing for the next Wednesday. That meeting wc entirely against law; for the DIstriot Oounoil cbarU required tun days' notice: And he never before knei a meeting to be hold on any otber ri ny than Tueedaj except ones on a Monday. But this Wedaeediy wo tho day on whloh a vote of want ot oonfldonoo was t be moved by the hon. membor for Kiama (Mi Parkes). Tho mooting was oalled to kee him from his - placo in Parliament. Tb Warden was a porsonal friend of th hon. member for Kiama, It was a oonaocted thing t keep him (Mr. Uah ford) from voting on the quostior. Ho came to Sydney on the Monday, and mot a gentle man, who eaid, "Why, they said you wonld not b here." What right had the wardon to bring doce menta to the House to endeavour to degrade bim It tho Government had dono their duty, thoy woul hava dismissed him (tba warden) for that oat. H was told the same night that this precious, honest, am straightforward warden came to exhibit this dooumen to the hon. member (Mr, Parkes) Mr. Sohr loy, it wa true, could not bo hero. But no doubt Mr, Si holey bat got plenty here t? take bis purt Oi the 13th August, 1807, Mr. Samuel Walli of the Maitland Road Trust died. Ho was euoaeodei oh the 20th August by his brother, Mr, James Wallie At tho timo Samuel Wallis died, tho accounts of thi trusts consisted only of tho butts in the cheque-bool for £180 10a. dd. Ho (Mr. Eokfoid) believed everj shilling of that money was paid. Tho warden wai bondsman for Samuel Wallis's good conduot; and hi "and James Wallis made up the deflolecoy in .Samuo Wallie's aocount to the oxtent of £180 10s. 4d. Thi acoounts wero falsified. At tho first opportunity, hi (Mr. Eokford) moved 'a series of- resolution! for oopies of tho acoounts of tho Baad Trust for thc last half year. He was. answered that thero wera nc records to bo found. Ho applied to the Colonial Tren surer fora copy of the abstract of expenditure. He perusod tho abstract, and thought there must bo som« mistake. For tho four miles under tho management *ot tho' warden ibero was' no loss than £87 ls Od, jThon there WOB a sum of Ss, lOd put down ' Hu found thia waa £L CB. Cd. in tho bank >o'ger ; another item of £25 7s. 3d. ho found in the abstract of the bank to be £30 lOi. ; another item tqf £4 paid to J. Ford was £1 10.. in the bash-book. On the warden's own road, from Maitland to Newoastlo, thora were no lesa than ten payments witnoased by James Wallis. Yet Samuel Wallis countersigned these. He (Mr. Eokford) represented these things to tho .Government, and said: it is re« Sorted that tho warden intondB to resign; if so, I ope he will not be allowed to resign until these things aro cleared tap. Was that like asking the Government toshioldblm (Mr, Eokford)? No doubt if tho hon. ixnember (Mr. Wilson) had bad his way in carrying . tho; i «natter with inoh indeosnt hasto aa , he j attempted, ho (Mr.Jfokfo d> would have bt ea precluded from taking the cóursono now'did.. , Out bf seventy one payments made, only fifto?n were witnessed by Samuol Wallis, who countersigned all except nineteen Then the dates on tbs cheques «uro subsequent to the -dates.. in the obotrtot. There was a sum of £48 "le. Sd. mid to have boen paid; atoMichaol Martin by S. Wallis, But thia man said; ihsnever received it Then there was ¿Cll'lOvfld. chuged as paid,to;John Firry, who said ho never re-, calved it It waa said that those' two' men had said «Wt UM? sad* » mistake. Ia justice tt Hr. \--Î-"?' t-ir- -,i ' l-l --.'l' - Seholey he told this. William Lloyd olio said hi hot reoeive what was put down a« paid to hi» 8amuel Wallis. While on this matter, bo would i that Councillor M'Mshon told the/warden Councillor O'Brien was in effect n'oontraotor foi pant. As euch he was liable to a fine of £00. warden odmittod that this man was cool-actor; but said he . was a " man." What was thia but prostitu bia position as warden, buying this man to n statements against him (Mr. Eokfordj? The.) had since beon raised at great ezpenss. He qu from the report about tho punt The committee it «as net fit for uso. But the oontractor was | for the punt. while it was aotu lying at the bottom of the ri Tho warden of the Maitland Biatriot Oounoil hac right to pay for this punt in faoo of tho protest of colleagues. It might bo said that Wallis had fl up the documents hoi oro the death of hia brother ; if this were so. it was strange that the two men nt payment« on the same duyB. The warden had udmil to him (Mr. Eokford) that ho had made the aocou up. He had applied to the Auditor-General for di of the last payment'. The Auditor- General bad done so, but Mr. Lane caused them to be furnish Ho would now refer to matters tenoning himB First, however, he would refer to a letter of the ll February, whioh he bad-received touohing the cor tioa of the punt. He alluded to this as proof of statement zespeoting the position of the punt, and i nonduct of the warden in relation there He would show how reprehensible the conduct of I Minister for Lands had been in reoeiving assortit touobing his conduot in these road matters, He shot osrtaioly require the Minister for Lands to dany t statement he should presently refer to, or ezpeot tt I the warden's statement should be reported. (H Mr Ejkford read a report of the warden's statemec He could prove that it was because he had nev^r p mitted himself to be bought to bo made a politi bargain; but he defied his acouserg, and said, "beti I defy you" (Alaugh frosn Mr. Piddington,) T hon. gentleman may laugh, but it was a matter tl concerned him (Mr. Eokford), and probably did r conoern tho hon. gentleman. He (Mr. Eokfoi bad children, to whom he hoped to leave an unsulli reputation. It bad been his aim during his lo: politioil life to make amends for youthful follies. 1 should be able to show tho honorab e House that : committee sat to draw up the report on the matti (Here Mr. Eokford explained tho circumstances the action in the Folios Oourt at Maitlanc Ho explained tho action be bad taken with regard the report acoptod by the Distriot Oounoil of Maitlai during his absonco in Sydney, and the enbseque proo.-odtngB of the warden. Ho contended that whi the warden waited upon tho Minister for Lands th gentleman bad no right to give him any inatruotioi if he did, in the matter. If there had been as embezzlement, there was the police court to re?c to. But the warden bad openly stated that be won maka tba Government take tho responsibility; I would not spend any monoy on the oas?. Mr. Esk for read an extraoc frau a subsrquont newspaper repor where ho etatod that if tho oommittce required er informatica they should aDply to him, a report thi w.18 confirmed by the minute-book. Tho report, whe sent io, was handed round the House, before it wi taken ou the following day to tho Minister by a dept tation. The " review" of che case, as WOB drawn up I Mr. Ii W. Thomson, was hore road, Mr, Eokfor commenting upon tho statements made therein as 1 oamo_ to thom, oharaaterising many of thom t positively untrue. Some of tho dates, ho said, ha boen introduced for the purpose of eomplicating tl matter. As to tho moro serious allegation of tho repot that £100 53. lOd. had boon paid ia exoess of tl work performed, and tho incidental excess of £1 10s said to have been paid to sheridan, the men had bee at first paid on tho Saturday night, but s tho request of tho warden pay-day had beon chango, to Tuesday ; and consequently, the men having boe taken to work on the Friday, thoridan had reoeive 18s, moro than the £3 12a. he alleged he had receiver! .and that would als« be the cass wirb, tho othor mo employed. The hon. member read his reply to th report, which was signed by tho ward n and thre councillors. This reply took tho statements of th reviow seriatim, and charged the warden wit! haring had a drunken seoretary for a long period, am put in a memorandum by Mr. Alder min Keating of i meeting of a oommittes when sitting on the caso Atter going through the accounts he contended tba tho £100 ood had dwindled down to £8 odd, and tha amount, he contended, had boen fairly oxpended on thi work. He submitted aleo that tho report was no adopted, as it ought to have boen, by a majority of thi counoil, but the signatures of the councillors weri obtainod by the counoil derk, who went round fo tho purpose by direction of 'tho warden To chow what this man Shoridan was : hs hid beer often obliged to find fault with him for inattention and idleness. He had applied to him again and again for employment on tho road«; and ho (Mr, Eok ford) refused. This was the informant used against him. He read a lotter from tho seoretary ef thc Distriot Council; also a letter from tho reporter to the Maitland Mercury,showing that he (Mr. Ejkt'oM) offered to give a full report of' all prooeodings oonneoted with tho Cessnock Hoad. Ho read also a lotter from one of tho counoillors, Mr. il-Mahon, who said the warder did everything to thwart him in h s attempt to furnieh aa . ! explanation before the ~ Oounoil. Yet this warden dared to say in his report to the Government that ho (Mr. Ejkford) sought to burke all inquiry. This Councillor MoManon had made in- quiry Mr. Biwien knew nothing, but onlyreboivoJ what the warden cold him. The charges made against him (Mr. ' Eokford) by tho warden were monstrous. This councillor said ho failed to.sco anything to jus- tify tho belief of anything more than this-the war- den ii prejudiced against Mr. Eckford, Tao. warden endeavoured to get the Oounoil to condemn him behini his back. Mr. MoMahon conoludod by a strong expression of his aoufiJenco in Mt. Eckford. ' . r. William Kea'.ing, of Morpeth, another Distriot Coun- cillor; and ono of the committee of threo appointed to inquire into tho case of tho Cessnock Road, said tho warden was oarr.iing on the matter on his own acoouttt, as tho cjmmitteo never met to draw up a re- port. A paper was drawn up ; but one of thoeo who signed it, afterwards acknowledged that he knew nothing of ita oontents. Tho informa- tion on which tho charge was based was unfounded f ram beginning to end Yet ho thought the warden was determined to follow up the report merely on the evidenos of one man-Sheridan. What right had the warden, without consulting tho oommittee, to aot as he did ? Mr. Keating assured him (Mr. Eckford) he saw nothing wrong in his oondnot. Ho road a report from tbe Maitland Meroury, showing that he (Mr. Eokford) olio rod to give an explanation, and was proven tod from doing so by the warden. Ho had great difficulty in gettfng an opportunity to make an explanation. It was proposed that a special mooting be held to hear Couacillor Eckford. On this ho moved as an amend j mont that be bo heard at once. That was not Uko I wishing to evade inquiry. There waa the deepest laid scheme on tho part of tho warden to destroy a publie man. Councilor M 'Mahon moved the adj urn ment of the debate for a month. Tho reason of the1 postponement was the warden, and he had most im- portant business requiring h's pressnce on thc Clárenos. Ho never wont to the Clarence. The warden said he (Mr. Eokford) had said he (the warden) hid boen amvioted of a foul crime. He (Mr. Eokford; never said anything of tho , kind. Then there was an attempt made to prove that tho men to whom he (Mr. Eckford) had paid the money wero non-existent: that they were among the doad men. If he could not find the men, ho would find their ghosts. Ho received a letter from the ghost of ono of them (Thorpe) yester- day. The committee reported that they found a discrepancy between Sheridan's statement and tho veuchirs af over £107. But hero were prouts oonaarning £21 frum those who received tho monoy. Then tho warden complained that, though Mr. Eckford eulogised him on his appoint-, ment as warden-and so hs did, for ha believed if' Btophon Boholey owed a man 20a, he would rathor pay him 20s. 6d. than 10a. Od-yet he ascribed to min unfitness'to bo a magistrate. This gentleman was recommondod to bs put on the oommisaion.' Mr. Cowper asked him (Mr. Eokford) what he thought of him. In reply he said, " Doa'c ask mo any questions. , Mr Cowper insisted on having his opinion, and he said, though Mr. S> holey wasan honest, straightforward follow, ho was unfit to bo placed on tho commission of the peace. At that time he ht ld a very high opinion of Mr. Hcoloy as to honesty, truthfulness, .and so forth. But ho thought differently now. This warden said that a man called Martin O'Daloy went out on tho road to assassinate him. This wárdou talked ot "Bums paid to doad mon" by bim (Mr. Eokford). He took a gen- tleman well versed In roads over a road Ifor whioh he had paid £210, and asked what ho thought it cost, and he said, "If you got it dona for ££00 it was cheaply done-" He read . Jhia own reply, to tho warden's ohargos in the District Oounoil, The warden-at the time they triad to keep him away, from Parliament when tho' vote of oonfideaoe was on -said, . "tYon're all frightened of Parkes." He told him ho was not afraid of Parkes or of him, He, admitted that he had been the means of preventing tho warden hoing put ' on the' commission of tho peace,' 'Whenever his opinion was asked on such mattera, hs Ëave it honestly- and fearlessly. Aa for tho Maitland liitriot Oounoil, it had fallen into a state of great cor- ruption. Tinder Hr, Child. some years «go, it waa wtUowdMt*i II« (Mr.loxford)hadcn*Uug*dth« wardon in avery way to tost Wa reputation, Horegue tbe Mini-ter for Landa to bring bia oaae before Sn meat. Whoo the round-robin wai eeat round, co clllora Keating and M'Mahon said thoy could not tb of eigning adooumenc they know to bo positively true, lio urged that there should be no sommi mootings carried oa until themattsrof the action1 disposai of: beoauso it was impossible for him to attending to bis own defonoo hore and at Maitla Ho was put into a corner; and he asked House not to allow any investigation to take pl until tho matter of the notion was dlrposod of. Tb w^s n deep laid scheme to damage him in the eyei the judge and jury, and make people believe that had been oirrying on most dishonest praatioes. A reply to Mr. Lee, he read what took place at du. laration of the poll-when ha got 801 votes,! Keeling 126, and the warden only 93. Thia wa proof that the oleotora did sot believe the i calumnies circulated against him, He then stated intention to bring this matter before Parliament. : was returned for the third time to the council. '. repeated that he oourtod tho striotost inquiry into 1 oonduot. the oonduot of the warden, and that of, t Dietriot Council. Mr. Lee had made a misstatement wo he said the publio mind in Maitland h been agitated for mot. tbs on the snbje Tho poople of Maitland, tho plnoa in whi he was living, re'urnod him to the oounoil without! asking a vote. When the propor time came, he wot put the caddie, on the right horse. Mr. WILSON socondsd the motion for the adjoui ment of the House. He rpgretted ttbat the .he member (Mr. Eckford', during his speeoh of thi hours, did not address himaolf to the subjeot, inste of indulging in sbuao of other people. - Tbe he member charged him <Mr. Wilson) with indeoent has! Bat the matter had been brought under his notice la session, whon he djolinod to go into it, as ho tboug the Government should first tako it u Mr. Eokford had never onoe nllud ti the ohargo of producing vnuoho from "dead men." The ohargea against Samu Wallis and James Wallis had been inquired into I the Government, and they found there were simp " irregularities." At tbe time to whioh the oem phi referred, Mr, Samuel Wallis wai on his death bi from consumption. That was a very different thir. from paying money to men who never existed, ot for work that novor was done. Tho hon. membi only quoted from tho mientes of the District Oounc wbioh suitod his purpose. He (Mr. Wilsoi would quoto others. The first was dated Novembi 2nd, 1868, when Mr. Noble p oposed that a car mittee be appointed to invesligo'o tho expenditure c the road from Maitland to Oessnook. The motion wi seconded by Mr. M'Mahon, and carried. On tl 17th November the report was brought U] The committoe Btatod that it had been found thi the men wero not «t work. Thors waa motion by Noble, seconded by M'Mahon, that tl report be adopted. This was carried. Mr, Bowdo Wita of opinion that an attorapt bad boen mada to di fraud tbe trust. On January 19tb, when it was move tbat Mr. Eckford be heard on a future day, Mr. Eokfot moved as an ameudment tbat he be beard at onoe. ll alto read some of the remarks of Mr. Eokford on thi oooasion. Ho gave no explanation on tbe main quoi tion. He gave no evidence that such men as Thoma Avery, and Anderson over existed. He read a furthc. report of the counoil to tbe Minitter, stating that th inquiry had not been satisfied, inasmuch as the partit mentioned in the vouoners had not been found, an thoro were no men of the names or descriptions era ployed on tho work or in tho district, and that th work-was not done. This was tho charge that tho hoc member for tho Wollombi was ; required to explain With regard to the request of the hon. member t suspend tho inquiry by tho committee, until tho rosul of the notion brought against Mr. Eckford by th warden, he did sot tbink there was any reason i should bo postponed on that account Thero waa n desire to proceed in the absence of the hon, membor and tho action was an entirety different procecdin| from a referenco to a eoloct committeo of the House. Mr. FORSTER joined with thé hon. member ii regretting very muon, many of tba statements »f thi hon. member for Wollombi; in fact, bo (Mr, Forster regretted that the disouesion bad been taken at all Ho was not quito olear whether it would sot have beet better that tho hon. member Bhould have waited unti Friday beforo be had made any statemen on tho matter. But though the hon. mern ber (Mr. Eokford) had said a great dca whioh was not striotly to the point, no hon. gontlemsi oould wonder at his bains/ betrayed into topics whiol he might consider had moro relevancy than tho Housi was otilo to see al present. Tho hon. .gentleman (th member for Wollombi) waa not as well skilled ii getting up a case to put before the House as the hon gentleman wbo had followed him, and ho (Mi Forstor) must say that it appeared to him that th hon member for Patriok'a Plains had gone into parti culara whioh he would have done well to avoid, parti eularly as he would have to occupy an impartial posi tion before the public in regard to tho investigation h was about to oonduot He (Mr. Forstor) thought tha tho indecent h as ti' he had shown in importing ires! statements had disqualified him to a certain exton from assuming that important position. Some allow anco might be made by the House for the oourss pur suod by the hon. morabor for Wollombi, who had a personal feeling in the matter; but ii did not become tho hon. mouther for Patrick's Plains, who it was anticipated would bo called upon to ooneidei tho caeo judicially, to import now oharges, so as to give a now complexion to tho case. As far as the report just read by tho hon. member was conoorned, Mr, Forster stated that it had only reached him to-day ot yesterday, but ho did not regard it as corroborative evidence The b <n. member (Mr. Wll-on) mi/rht call it corroboration, but it was no suoh thing. It was written by tbe accuser in the case, and was not simply 0 nflnod to the reiteration of tho former oharges. It modo fresh statemonts-atatements made on the war- den's own authority-and seemed to have been aranged with an idea of produoing an effect How bad tho hon. gentloman obtained tho roportand extract in quoation ? Wno from but Mr. Soholey ? (Mr. WILSO« : Got it by post) He (Mr. Forster) was sorry to BOO his hon. friend would condescend to such a subterfuge. Ho (Mr, Forster) supposed it was written by Mr. Soholey. (Mr. WILSON : I did not get it from him.) Was it stolen from ! Soholey f (Mr, WILSON: It is a copy.) .Was it taken by Boholny by loros of arms, against bis will? The . hon. member could not get rid of . the difficulty by i saying he g>t it by post Could hon. members believe ' that thero was no complicity between the warden and the hon. member T and he thought that this 'ovidence of complicity simply reduced the hon. member to the position of an advocate and not a judge.t.wbile tho animus he had displayed,this evening had disqualified him to oonduot the proposed inquiry asian impartial judgo. In order to show that tha letter noir read waa not merely a reotiüoation- or ampliation of the first ohargo. but preferred new . oharges altogether, > he (Mr, Forster) reforred to the statement that appeared for the first time, that other two men were alloged to have no existence : The original aoousation was con- fined to ono. To show tbat he had >no sympathy on ono side or the other, he bad been, aooused by both . sides. That, he had ? been so accused waa, a . testimony. ' to ' his impartiality.: The hon. member for Wollombi was dlapoaed to withdraw his frloodship tram him because ho had not been able to take aoiion in the matter ; but he (Mr. Forstor), muoh as he thought of the integrity and the honoaty ot that gentleman, waa bound to consider this, caso as it was disclosed In the papera he had before him,, (Hear, hear.) Hi', howoyer, took the opportunity, of ! ooireotinga misrepresentation of the press in regard, J to his formor statements respecting to this subjeot lt. very of ton happened in tho precess of reporting that the words . reported fail to oonvoy ezaotly the finer shade of meaning intvndod to be conveyed. . It had boen reported that he had said that,,tho "explanation of .Air. Eckford did no: appear to him (Mr.1 Foster) to be. satisfactory, whereas ho bad, stated that, as far aa ho was able to pronounce an opinion upon the papa», before him, ho oould not -state positively that.Mr. Kokford had cleared himself Tko hon. member for Wolbmbi was quite right in ata'log that he had always expressed a willingness to glvo tho fulloat ex-, plauation; and in casually looking nc the papors in tho case sinoe the last dobate, be (Mr, Forstor) found that in February lost , he hadwritten , a minuto direoting tho papara, to bo prepared fer, the >.Assembly. , With respect . to,, tho. alleged dolay various olroumstdncoB had' ociiurrsd to render , it ia ovltablo. Those ho. expla'ned; at some length. lu conclusion, he expressed on opinion.that; tho casa was one.which ao Government, muoh IOJS a select oommit too, oould unravel, Looking ot the various statement that had boon made as to the oonduot of business by the Maitland Di-trlot. Oounoil, it was clear that the proceedings woro very irregular; and if tho House should be pleased to abollan lt, no very great harm would bo done. . . . ,,. '. . Mr, SAMUEL, in référence to tho papsra being in 'tho ouetody of tbs Treasury, said thoy had not boon beforo ilea at all {they had brea referred lo tho TJndtr ; Treasurer, who had not.been able to verify the aooounta, ' from pres'ure of business. i . 1 Mr. BUEN8 thought, that the hon. member for Wollombi had oommittod an error of judgment, in i bringing forward the .matter this evening,, aa vf heh the affair carno before the House on Friday hon, members would not bo allowed to refer to what bad occurred in Ithe course of thia debato Ho, contended that \t had been Insisted throughout that vouchers had boen put in,, purporting to bo.sigood by parsons who,never existed, sad ht thought ss the charge had bun speoiAoaUy Imada the hon. Minister for Lande could hove easily ascertained whether there was any trnl it With rogard to the explanation ef the 1 member that tho hon, member. for, Wollombi hod recommended tho appropriation bf the grant to tho: trustees, he oooepted it as true. Ho hud been for BI time in the habit of transacting business with Freeman, and he had no donbt that the matter wa that gentleman stated. If the hon. Minister for Ls hud done his duty this matter would not have t brought forward; the hon. member for Wollo: would not have boen oalled upon for this explanat He had, therefore, to thank his friends for the posi! bo was placed in, and not any other hon. members.. Mr. ECKFORD briefly replied, and said that would have been able to clear himself, as he had bel stated, but as the action was ' pending against him, had been advised by his solicitors not to give any planation that wonld exposo his dsfenco to '. Soholoy. He had no objection to the committee be appointed at onoc He did not cate what matter ' brought forward, new matter or not; he could meet i but he thought it would not be just to h to take acion behind his baok. It wonld be utte impossible for him to be in Sydney and in Maitli also, and it'seemed strange to him that Parliament action should bo set on foot at same time aa pioceedings were instituted another placo. Ha had, as ho had sta previously, eeven declarations in his possessi wbich had .been sworn yesterday in Maitland, respect to tho very men who were reported nerei have existed. ? The motion for adjournment was put and negativ THE TERRARA ROAD. Mr. GARRETT, as a formal motion, moved tl there bo laid upon tho tabla a return of all eorrespt donee between tho Government and others relative the alteration in the oomposition of the trustees the expenditure of the money granted for the impro mest of the road from Terrara to the South Co Road. Shoalhaven, ELECTORAL REPRESENTATION BILL. Mr. ROBERTSON obtained loavo to intreduceat to amend the electoral representation, and to Bhort the duration of Parliaments. The bill was read a first time and ordered to printed; the sscond reading being fixed for this d week (Wednesday, 13th instant). PRIVATE BILL. Mr. HART obtained leave to bring in a bill to enat R. H. Roberts and others, devisees in trust to t estate of the late Joseph Roberts, of Concord, ne Sydney, to dispose of certain portions of tho proper! and to apply the proceeds thereof to other purpeses. GUNPOWDER EXPORT REGULATION BUY Mr. SAMUEL moved tho House into committee consider the desirability of introducing the above bi The hon. member explained that the Aot was a eimil one to a bill that was formerly in operation, and w allowed to expiro by the late Government, ia 180 since whioh period the Governor had assumed t] regulation of tho export ns if the law continued. Tl bill now to bo introduced indemnified tho Govern for so aoting, and re-onaets tho - measure that had e: pirod, The committee agreed to a resolution on tl Bubjeot, and resnmed. The bill was introduced ac oidtrcd to be printed, and tho second reading made t order of the dav for to morrow (tole day). CEMETERIES REGULATION BILL. On the motion of Mr. FORSTER the House, i committee, adopted a resolution sanctioning the intr duotion of this bill, whioh was read a first time ac ordorrd to be read a seoond timo on Fridav ns* CONDITIONAL PURCHASERS' PRE- LEA8Ü DECLARATION BILL. Mr. FORSTER moved the second roading of th bill. It had boen correctly stated that in substam this measure waa similar to the bill introduced by h I hon. friend (Mr. Robertson) in this Chamber, an j whioh had passed itj various stages in this Houso, an I mado some progress in another plaoo. It was sui stanttally tho same bill, with some attempt at improve ment. It involvod, ho ncod hardly say, no importan prinoiple, but it was an admistioa that thoso land lan i which had given hie hon. friend (the Colonial Seora \ tary)suoh a reputation and position in this colony wei j not inoapable of amendment It had been introduce by that hon. member with a view to the amendmen i ot tba land law, and it. was now re introduce! by the Government of whioh that hoi gentleman was a member. The time hai I not arrived when any organio ohanges could b made in the land laws of tho colony, and he wai prepared to admit that any ohange in that respec would not be likely to he effected, having regard to tb oomposition and the condition of tho pressnt House But it had been admitted by this Houso and anothe branch of the Legislatura, that legislation ' wa desirable in order to regulate the pre leases granted under the Crown Lands Alienation Aot. He did no hesitate to' say that he entertained the opinion, ant was still of opinion, that an error was committed ii attempting to legislate on this question of grazia; rights, but tho Colonial Seoretary had only aoted up tc tho law. The systom of pro-leases had been com- menced, prior to the introduction of hin bills, by tht Imperial Government, it bein; ooneidorcd desirable tc enoourago the salo of Crown lands by granting thal Îirivilege. He thought still that any attempts to legis< ate would end in failure; but the thing was no« done. The Crown Lands Alienation and Occupation Aots have conferred certain rights to nen parohasers over the Crown landa of tho oountry, Thora bills, howover, went no further than to allow thoso pre- Ieaees ; there was no . provision made to pul those rights into operation, and one of the greatest difficulties that oocurrod, and. the hon. membor foi Patrick's Plains oould bear him out in the assertion, was in settling the cases of dispute that were con. stonily arising ns to grazing rights All the rights held by freeholders were, in peint ot faot, indefinite holdings ; as a general rule, no measure was taken of them and difficulties wero constantly arising. In regard to land« held undor pastoral lease no great diffi- culties oould arise, no contest oould prevail with regard to the pre-omptivo rights of new purchases*, but it bad not been held that the right absolutely resta in the new purohaser. The Government do not point out whero the pro-leaeo exists. Too Government simply I define the boundaries, and determino the creation, re serving the right to mako roads and reserve tho front- age'of tho rivers and water courses ; but in regard to the administration of this provision of the Aot to other purchasers,'a very groot difficulty BBB arisen. He did not eeo: why-a-conditional purchaser should have the. preference over a, froeholdor. It Boomed absurd to suppose > that it was intonded to give any superior privilege to tho. conditional purohaser, and not to givo the treeholder an cqualprivilo&c.; ,Thu« we fina them in an .equal. position i as to tho occupa- tion of tho landa of the colony with regard to the (-re. leases. ?> A* ? freeholder oin have no. moro than three times the aroa of his pnrchased lands pro-leased to him;'and if a conditional purohaser becomes a now purchaser in tho vioinity of the freoholdor, the law say's that by right of that ptirohase he becomes ontitled to three times tho area of bia con- ditionally purohaaod land. The question then arises ,! how is this to be rcgniated ? If thoy adopted the prin-i olple of priority, tho provisions of .the Jaw BB oppll-, abie to the nsw pnrohase of a free selector are set asido' entirely and the law is ineffective . Tho praotice of the1 Department, h o wo vor, hod boen to allot tho land to' adjaoent purchasers«, and this rule bad boen satisfactory in a number of cases; bat in tho case of the ' holders of pastoral leaeoa tho. contests; between ; them and conditional purchasers were ' becoming more' frequent, levory dayl Taking the oase of a parson in poseoesion, of 6000 acres, ne holds 16,000.acros by way of. pre-lease. If a new purohaser stepB in for forty aores he is ontitled to thieo times the aroa for pre-lease. Tho extent of both IsBOBnvallin rotation to the land hold ..by the first occupant ; that tho transfer may . be made without giving rise to compinia t; but it must bs admitted that 'if tho prior .purchaser insists upon his right a difficulty must iu ovitably nriso, and it became a question whether, it would not bo advisable -, if a new purchaser took away 240 acres adjacent to tho owner of '5000 noros to regulate his grazing right in comparison to thc value - and extent, of tho grsaing ri-ibt hold by tho former purohaser-to consider whether it Would not bo desirable to allow tho same ntivilegrs to both, in proportion-lo. their holdings 1 There waB, however, no clearly defined provision in the Laud Aot in rogatd to tho cancellation. ; Mr. Forster recapitulated other.oljeotiona .'that bad been,advanced as to tho modo of arbitration, and britfly reviewed the effect that would havo beon produced if thc bill to mako fonoing compulsory had been carried; 1 If they oompelled an owner to fosco to provont dis- pute, thoy must oompcl him to fence his grating righ1, OB well aa his freehold/'.' There would bo an inevitable , ootifliot of rights arising. It eoomed to bim and others who v.otod ' against the fonoing bill, that1 these diffi- culties wero insuperable until tho question of grazing rights waa dealt with. Tho prossnt bill waa an tm . perfeot attompt to deal with a great qnostion. But it . would accomplish something. A groat many disputes would bo settled without arbitration. ' And many would bo settled by arbitration. ' Probably a rosiolutu would romain that would hot bo satisfactorily settled. But lt was objsotod that the rights' of tho pre'lcaeéo 'till remained indefinito, Thole1 must bo some un- certainty, as long ss tho land romainod Oriwn land, Any right thc Crown oonfers on pro losaoea must bo in- definite. It was suggested that it: was desirable to , limit tho period in whioh objections could be. made by pastoral lassoes. ; Hb:,' thought that waa' a itaeoaablo "" suggestion, Th« ' sims principle' might be applied to a limitation of t oiairoi of the'pre-lewee. -'All'-'objectors isbonld required topat in th'lr olalmi within a reMona I time. He hoped the House would see flt to plai t seoond reading of Ibis bill. (Hrar, hear.) Sir JAMES MARTIN said this bill proposed to de with a .pealas of leases tbat were not known to tl law. There was not a word in tho Land Act abo " pre-less»s." They were not known totbeOommt Irtw. What was at pre lease ? The Iiand Law spoke "'pre- emptive loise." Of course in the interprétatif obtuse " pre-leaso" might be defined. Bat it ' strm him that this bill did not go far enough. (Hea hoar.) It dealt with oertain things already dealt wit' It waa not neoessary to pasa the second slants. Thi waa law already. Por it wai provided in the eighteen! eèotion of the Occupation Aot that the oond tlonal sale of any land leased nader the Aot. in ti firatolass settlor] distriota, should cancel the Josi as to so much of tbe land and three times thi extent ot grazing land. The meaning was obviou that the lease did'not aasnre unhindered possoseioi ont that free Beleotion oanoellod the lease ta the extei of the land ealaoted and throe times that quantity: an then this quantity of land' waa subjeot to ollt'.e oor dillons spaoiûed ' ia section 5, The 18th seotio unableâ the free selootor to take the. land, subject t these conditions. Then seotion 10 dealt with holde) of land in unsettled dislriots, giving them the sam right He did not understand how any doubt ooul arise as to the right of conditional purchasers. Th second seotion, therefore, was unnecessary. Tho Sr section was ono to whioh thoy ought not to give the! assent, By this section, after, notloa given, '* thenot forth" the land shalt be held to be duly leased to th freeholder or conditional purohaeor. But tho provis oontradictod that If the pastoral tenant or hi agent objeoted, there wiBto be an arbitration. Dnrin the delay the land would be common, belonging to n ene. The prinoiple of the land laws was this that no mere lease should stand in tb way of a person desirous to become i freeholder. The objeot ia to give facilities for bocom ¡og freeholders. In tho case of the first free seleoto going into a largo country where there is room for hi purchase- and three times the extent of graaing right there is no difficulty. But whon a second free soleólo oomesy a diffioulty arises. There "lay be no room t take up the grazing right allowed by law. A mai may be surrounded in his new selection by the grazini rights ot others. This bill does not eottle that didi oui ty. The objeot was to give every froo seleotor hi grazing right. That could not be carried out In a rid part of the oountry, where every portion of the lane ia takes up by free seleotors. It was useless to send i to arbitration-where thero was no land to be had They gave tbe arbitrators no guide; they, in foot made tho arbitrators legislators. A gracing rirb ought to bo eecure against any other grazing right A grazing right might be invaded' by frei selection, but not by tho grazing right attaohec to free Beleotion. They could not givo t< Svery froe eeleotor a graaing right. If free, eo'coton would Hook together into a rish oountry, there weale be no land left for grazing rights. It might bs pro vidod that in some othor. port of the Crown lands theei free eeleotors might have their grazing rights. Thor« was no question as between the pastoral tenant and thi free seleotor. This bill did not deal with tho matte) as it ought to do. He would not oppoao the second reading, but ho hoped considerable amendments would be made In committee, (Hear, he«-.) ! Mr. ROBERTSON said the epecoh of the hon. and learnod member put him in mind of his own speoohn on the same sabjeot. He bad argued that freo selectors had the same rights aa freeholders. Hid not the hon, and learned member know that' this had been quos' tiouod; that the Chief Justico had said that the free seleotor had not sueh rights; that they wero only 'given to the owner ef tho fee simple? Ho (Mr. .Hobortson) entirely concurred with the hon. :abd learned momber that tho law was per- fectly clear. Tbe cause of the doubt: rai BO d 'by the Chief Juitioa was this : The 18th olauso of the Occupation Act gave all these rights to free seleotors ila the unsettlod districts. It could net be denied that the 12th olauee ought to bo quotoi bofore the 18th, >The 5:h olau?e said holders in fee simple were entitled to leases of Crown lands adjoining their property. It .was not quite olear that free selectors in the first-olaaa Battled distriota had thia right It was so stated in the regulations; but the lawyers used to say that those irogulatlona were illegal. There oould bo no coubt as ito the intention. Ha was glad to bear that this 'view was justified in the opinion of tho hon. and {learned momber. There was nothing.in this bill 'whioh waa not provided in the law as it stood; but it 'was not so clearly put Doubts had boon cast on the 'law by learnod Judges, and thora was no harm in ! clearing up thsao doubts. .The hon. and learned I mom ber spoke of the exúting 'and laws bavins exhausted the subject He (Mr, Robertson) did ?not think so. Mo never alleged that the law i was perfeot He was not muoh in favour of pre- emptive rights. He found .those who had 040 aores had thia right; so that the,'ownerof 640 aerea had a right to the use of 2560 aores, while the owner of OOO acres would only have the use ut his 600 acres. This was unfair; and they reduoed the quantity from 610 to forty ; so that the owner of forty acres had a pre- emptive right Thèro was no oooasion to go into any dissertation on the relativo position of free eeleotoraand other freeholders. He could not reo with the hon. member that any freeholder, however large the land he held under pre-omp ive lease, should be able to exoludo any' ether purohassr from having pre-emptivo right. 'This would bar freo seleotors in tho settled districts from having any pre' emptive right at all. (Hoar, hear.) The largo freeholders had already possession of all the land werth a button in the eettled distriota tinder pre-omptive right Well then, a free selector, on applying for his pre- emptive right, would ' be mot by tho assertion'that thero was nom to be had. They oould not'do better tht.n leave it-BB this bill loft it-to be dealt with by arbitration, If the groat landholder is to have pre-emptive, so also should tho small holder. Let it bu settled by arbitra- tion, as it used to be under tho Orders in Oounoil. Pre-emptive right had boen a souroo of difficulty over sinoe they had Order« ia Oounoil. (Then do away with it) Perhaps the hon. member woald undertake thit; he was not prepared i for it. Arbi- tration was better than any other course At some- future time,'.' it might bo well to let the people divido this pro emptivo-rlght land, The hon, and learned member'objected that no time wis Axed. The Secretary for' Lands raehtionod that it :might ba desirable to 'a tlx a time.Ho (Mr .Robertson) .waa never .muoh in favour of commons, but he thought to 'have a common for so limited a time, very little hara indeed, Ho had no doubt the Secretary for 'Land* would be glad to have the assis- tance of any hon: member to;make 'this bill ns perfect as possible. Nothing, however, could make a moro grazing right very sattafastory,' Mr, WILSON said it must ba admitted that moro grazing right was at best uriaatlefaotorv. Ho did not think the evils complained of would bo remediod by this bill. The great evil was tho ooufllot bstwsen pro-, lease and pre-loaao. The proposed remedy by arbitra, tion would not apply to this at all. Why slur ovor tho difficulty ? In the case of Mr. Ohleholm, it wan deoldfd' that you'could not tako a pro lease out of a pre-loase. .? That was the opinion of his hon- friend, Sir 'Jaaaea Martin, who proved to him (Mr, Wilson) he ' was wrong in granting pro-leasa out of pro-lease, and that wasdeoided by the Court ' There would, therefore, bo no arbitration ;'but when one person attempted. to take pre-lease oat of-pre-loase,he would' ba ejeoted by an aot of ejeotment: 1 This was tho oaea iu tbs dispato in wh'oh an unfortunate mau lost his life noar Goulburn. This man olalmed pro-leasi in a pre-loaeo. This bill did not touoh that point It was tho praotio of people not to take out their pre-oraptivo leases until they had disagreeable < noi|¡hbouis ? Bottling near them He,' as Minister for Lands, ihad rofueod. pro.loaso , in BUOU caeeB. But ho ' now; believed ho had noted illegally. Thero ought to ho sorao limit to the time during whioh freeholders could oxoroise their right of "taking'up a pro-lraso. And: thor« ought to be a limit as to the quantity of land that oould ba taken up on pre-leaso, '. .The right should not be exerolsed beyond a certain number bf thousands of aores-' . .'." . ? Mr. DIGNAM believed the Government ware desirous of remedying a serious ovil. This was a sorioua matter, especially in tho oounty of Argyle. (.Hi or. hear.) The worst of tho mlsahlef wa«, that 'if a man was not ont.tlod to neootion, tho land was not measnroi.' This bill in no way remediad that evil; To tell thom to go to arbitration waa no batter than to sond th» aol mon to the Court ot Ohanoory, Thero aro aoveral casu of alamina: disputes, Mr. GARRET I'eald'it was Impossible to pass a law whhh wuuld provont all,disputes ,abont property. Nothing was more common in all oountrlos than dis- putes about'lands,' not uufroqusntly ending In loas of lifo. He oombaitod the objeotlon mado by sir Jamos Marlin. Ir. was oloar. that, anew froo aeloction.had Bttaobed to it a prs-lOiBo that took land oat of anoth r. He also defended the third olauso, as securing tho pur* ohasoragolost delay;"~~Ho had noticed on tho Mona o tbe land round the conditional pnrohaaer'fl seleotlon had tbe grass all eaten closely off. i By the vt ord " thence forth," it wat provided, that dlrsotly a purchaser had made bis parabais, and bad given due notioa to thu pastoral tenant or his overeeor, hp was sntitlod to thc usa of the land ! He would oonaidor that tba owner ot 100 aorta hod no right to keep off tho owner ot forty. This bill proposed to romovo a fow quibbloB startsd by lawyers, and ; to enable - neighbours to sottla dl.puUs withoutgolcg tobtw. Th» squatUx wonld be afraid (of invoking the expense ff arbitration, and, an nsder atanding would generally ba coins (o between tho parties. Nb ' leaseholder' of any kind bad a right to pre vont «ny person taking up part of that land. 'When ic'wsB believed that the Martin Government would ' ?'? change the land law,, tho COBBI quenco was people withheld their money and would not buy land/ ¿nt . . > when a government asmé into power who doolarod - that the law was rot to be altered, they had money flowing into the Treasury more abundantly than in the first year of the law Hr. J. STE WART said he would support (he second reading; but ho oononrred in tho objections made by Sir James Martin. Thore were aev ral misnomers, lt might bo Ihe law that a second free eeleotor should not be allowed to encroach on the first free selootor, until the lend was all taken np. He complained that this bill was not " duly punctuated," aa direotod by a resolution passed by 28 to 4 last session: Mr. LLOYD agreed with every word ef the bill. It . was simply declaratory, and would do away with all doubt Mr. J. SUTTOR said this bill would give rise to endless disputes between the free selootors BB to wbo was to havo tho land-the first or the last. : It would ' benoBt the largo freeholders and squatters only.' He would oppose the bill, as it was a mere delusion. The bill was then read a second time, and tho Houso went into committee pro forma for the considération of the bill. ! Tho preamble and the interpretation olause Were postponed. ' ' .> ' The O H AIRMAN then left the ohair, and obtained leave to sit again to-morrow (Thursday), Tho rest of the business was postponed. Tho Houso adjourned at twenty-soven minutes to ? 12 until 3 o'olock to-morrow (Thursday). 