FRIDAY, JULY 2. 1S69. Mining on private property is not the only important subject that is urgently, but vainly, demanding the attention of the Legislature at the present time. There are other subjects of scarcely less mement actually before the Assembly, and yet week after week passes and tliey make no progress towards comple- tion. Among these is a Bill to Amend the Scab Aot, about which there is little difference of opinion, so far as we aro aware, and which cannot be made a subject of party warfare. Yet it lingers on the business paper, and comes on for consideration day after day only to be again and again postponed. And this measure is not only one that will beneficially affect very large interests it is also a measure for which there is an immediate and pressing necessity. The existing Scab Act has entirely failed to secure the objects for which it was framed, and unless a better is at once enacted, the acarus will soon spread over the whole colony again, to the great injury of the pastoral interest, and to the entire ruin of that large class of squatters who are already struggling with pecuniary difficulties. Nor is it a squatter's question alto- gether. If the sheep of the colony suffer general deterioration, there will bo an end of the expectations which were raised by the recent establishment of an export trade in moat, and both beef and mutton will become scarce and dear. Besides, there will be that general depression which neces- sarily arises out of the misfortunes of any particular branch of trade, and from which all must suffer. There is here no question of the squatters' in- terests as against those of the rest of the community. The Scab Bill has no political significance whatever, and might be passed on Tuesday next with- out detriment to the principles of de- mocracy, or to the rights of the free selectors. For this once, then, the pas- toral tenants should be treated with 1 some little consideration, and should get their bill passed through1 before the almost irretrievable mischief 'of re- cstab-" lishing the acarus throughout the colony has been fully consummated. As many of our readers are aware, great efforts have been made during past years to get rid of scab. Many sheep owners have incurred great expense, extending over a series of years, and have made great personal exertions in order to clean their flocks, and with such marked success that some extensive dis- tricts have been quite free of the pest for a considerable time. But no care on the part of the individual squatter, or on the part of groups of neighbour- ing squatters, can prevent fresh out- breaks of the disease, unless they have the assistance of a legal enactment suited to the requirements of the case. Tra- velling stock carry scab about with them, and if they can find no opportunity to communicate it directly to the sheep upon the clean runs through which they are driven, they do so indirectly by leaving its germs behind them on bush or fence. The principal object of scab legislation is to prevent this kind of contamination, and the existing act con tiiins certain provisions for the regula- tion of travelling stock j but these have not proved effectual, and the result is jtbat scab has now made its appearance in districts that had been clean for seve íal years. Some large travelling flocks have had to be destroyed lately to check 'the spread of the disease, and it is stated jtbat scabby sheep have been killed at Geelong, and sold for human food ! It may seem to some that the eradica- tion of scab is an easy matter ; and so it would bo if all the sheepowners of ¡the colony were to address themselves ¡to the task in a resolute manner. Taken ¡in time, the disease yields to treatment ¡if not readily, still with sufficient eer ¡tainty.«. The cleaning of sheep costs just so much per head, less or more, according to the extent to which thoy I are affected, and the expense of the 'operation can be calculated almost as closely as the expense of shearing or foot-rotting. But unfortunately there are always some among the squatters who ' have not the means to clean their flocks, i and then it becomes very desirable to get i them to market before they are quite unsaleable. To effect this, great inge- nuity is sometimes practised. One mode is to effect a colourable sale of the sheep before they set out on their ¡journey, or to travel them under the care of an agent, who takes the owner- ship on himself in case difficulties should arise. In either case there is 'no remedy for any evil that may be done-the sheep may be condemned ¡and destroyed by the way, but no ' penalties can be recovered. ¡ The new Scab Bill, which the Assem- bly so strangely declines to proceed i with, has been very carefully prepared, i with the assistance of gentlemen well acquainted with and deeply interested in the subject with which it deals, . and since it has been framed to supply the omissions and repair the defects which rendered previous Scab Act3 in- operative, great things are expected from it. But it must become law before it will be of any use, and as things are going now it is difficult to foresee when that will happen. The Land Bill blocks the way at present, and when that has been moved on the Railway Construc- tion Bill will take its place. At the rate at which business has proceeded during the past few weeks, these two i measures may take as many months to i complete, and by that time theacaru-s will probably have spread itself all over the colony. It is true that a few minutes would probably suffice for the passing of the Scab Bill, but then lion, members will not devote even a few minutes to its consideration. Once in last week, and once in this, Mr. M'Cul loch made a pathetic appeal to the House to let the bill proceed, but hon. members turned a deaf ear to his solicita-' tions. They had little personal quarrels to attend to, and private animosities to gratify, and on Wednesday last they wasted hours in wrangling and squab- bling, while refusing to devote five minutes to the consideration of the Scab Bill, though the whole pastoral property of the colony remains exposed to great danger so long as it is held in abeyance. We can almost pity the Chief Secretary in having such an impracticable follow- ing, and would quite pity him, did we not know that the tactics which are now so often employed for his annoy- ance were first used on his own behalf and with his entire approbation. =========================== The public are to be haunted, we are afraid, by the ghost of Mr. G. P. Smith's Wine and Spirit Bill, which was so unceremoniously knocked on the head some time ago. We observe in certain quarters a disposition to revive a discus- sion of the licensing system, and to invoke the interposition of the Legisla- ture for the purpose of making certain classes of the community abjure three- penny drinks, refrain from clumsy dances with blowsy partners, in frowsy saloons, and shun low company and dissipation generally. To repress these evils, to regulate the vivacity of a man's heels, to prescribe when, where, what, and how much he shall imbibe, with whom he shall spend his hours of recreation, and to play the part of a moral monitor, a social guide, and a particular providence, to people of coarse minds and thirsty palates, are, it seems to be imagined, the legitimate functions of a paternal Government, According to tho favourite theory of our social regenerators, mankind will never behave itself properly until each of us is provided with a physician and a police officer, to accompany us abroad, watch over us at home, and pay the same diligent attention to us at meal times, which Sancho Panza received from his medical adviser in Barataria. It is assumed that every individual, and every poor person more especially, is intensely depraved, prone to fall an unresisting victim to all sorts of temptations, shockingly igno- rant, and quite incapable of taking care of himself. It is also assumed that the Government or the Legislature, as the incarnation of wisdom, the embodiment of virtue, and the depositary of supreme power, is bound to be the moral pre- ceptor, guardian, conductor, and vigi- lant overseer of every one of us. It is to be a sort of half-benign, half-awful combination of the missionary and the watchman, with a pocketful of tracts for distribution among those who are amenable to reason, and a collection of handcuffs for the restraint of the self-willed and refractory. That each human being has an independent will and a separate responsibility, a personal freedom to be respected, and social rights which must not be in- fringed upon, unless for reasons affect- ing the well-being of the whole commu nity, are truths which appear to have altogether eluded the notice of our self- constituted censors and reformers. 'Their idea of liberty is that it gives them the liberty to limit the' liberty of everybody else. They are the true descendants of the Pharisees of old, who were at all times ready to lay upon other men's backs burdens grievous to be borne, but would not so much as lift a little finger to lighten them. They resemble the Pharisees in other respects, in the affectation of an austere morality, of a super-exquisite refinement, and of a profound contempt for publicans of the lower grade. They discern the most horrible profligacy where there is probably nothing more than vulgar revelry and coarse indulgence, boisterous mirth and stupid boozing; and they profess to regard as exceptional, while they magnify the amount and exagge- rate the character of, those evils which are found to exist in all large cities, and for the amelioration of which we must look to something quite other .than legislative enactments. j Wherever the Legislature has gone | out of its way to repress immorality, or what it considers to be such, by the exer 'cise of powers which do not legitimately belong to it-as when the Parliament of the English Commonwealth, abolished stage plays' and other entertainments, as when the Government of Sweden put down prostitution, and as when nearly half the United States interdicted the use of fermented liquors—it has been invariably found that the vices which 'were thenceforth secretly indulged in, were far more pernicious to the welfare of society than those which had flourished openly under a less meddle some and more rational policy. The moral reformation of a people, or of certain classes of the people, is one which no Government is qualified to accomplish, or has any business to un- dertake. It must commence with the individual, and extend to the family, and so spread outwardly. Whether a nobbler of brandy is sold at a shilling or for a penny, whether the publican's licence is a hundred pounds or a huu dred shillings, whether a bottle of gin can be procured at the grocer's round the corner or must be sent for from the nearest tavern, are matters' which have little influence upon the temper- ance and morality of a people. In this colony, drunkenness was most rife when licensed houses were few in number, and fermented liquors of every description were four times as dear as they are now; while in some countries of Europe, where the means of intoxication are accessible to all classes, there is a notable absence of this form of vice. And when it is stated-as we have recently seen it stated-that there has been a fearful increase of drunkenness among the women of this colony since the passing of the Single Bottle Bill, we do not know which moves our amazement most, the audacity of the assertion or the cruelty jof the libel which is thus pronounced upon the wives and mothers of Victoria, and more particularly upon those of the working-classes. It is instructive, moreover, to observe ' that the advocacy of repressive legisla- tion, and the attempted defence of what Mr. John Stuart Mill justly charac- terises as " a gross usurpation upon the " liberty of private life," is usually undertaken by men and newspapers professing ultra-liberal sentiments. In fact, ultra-liberality in politics seems to mean, to borrow an expression of the same writer, " the assertion of an un " limited right " on the part of the per- sons professing it, " not only to prohibit " by law everything which it thinks " wrong, but, in order to get at " what it thinks wrong, to prohibit a " number of things which it admits to "be innocent." That the exercise of such a right is necessarily fatal to true liberty, encourages intolerance and per- secution, and leads to the most perni- cious consequences, is obvious to reason, and has been demonstrated by experience; and the people of this colony ought to be especially on their guard against sanctioning the introduction into our laws and administration of such prin- ciples as those which find so much favour with politicians who believe that every man is capable of being made wise, virtuous, and prosperous by act of Parliament. ======================== Yesterday's holiday in honour of Separa- tion Day was a dull affair, and its experience afforded another argument against national holidays in tho winter time-which are yearly growing more and moro vexatious, inasmuch as they give all the trouble and confer little of the pleasure of holidays in betler weather. During the early morn the day promised to be pleasant, but before people could well get out, down cams the rain, pouring for nearly an hour, and utterly ruining tho prospects of those who calculated on enjoying themselves out of doors. Tho effect of this was lo turn the surface of the roads into mud, and that of the recrea- tion reserves into "slush." Under those circumstances, the athletic sports on the Melbourne Cricket-ground woio promptly postponed, a proceeding which keenly dis- appointed many thousands of persons. Tho committee, however, could do nothing else, for the ground was altogether too soft, and though about one o'clock the weather cleared up, and remained fine till nightfall, the mischief wns done. Had the ground been fit, the promoters ol the sports would have been extraordinarily successful in attracting visitors to witness them, for between 4,000 and 5,000 people carno to the Cricket Club Reservo, not knowing that the mooting had heen put off. Thus cut off from tho chief expected pleasure of tho day, the main body of holi- day-keepers had to do the best they could, and the public gardens wero full of groups or persons evidently unknowing what to do with themselves. The city differed in ap- pearance little from that of ordinary days, except that the banks, insurance companies', and merchants' offices, and a very few shops, were closed, and that there were more vehicles in the streets. A good many drivers in bicycles were also seen in the less-fre quented road ways,* and excited much public curiosity. Tn the evening, the principal streets and the various places of amusoment were it littlo more crowded than usual. ' ' Tho Post-office clock, wo regret to say, has been stopped. There aro a number of work- men still in the tower engaged in making alterations in the management of the English mail signals, painting, and other works, and till they have finished and left tho works of the clock have been stopped. ' ¿ ' The usual weekly meoting of tho commit- tee of management of tho Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday, tho Hon. G. Harker ia the chair. The report showed that there wore 371 men and 150 women-total, 527 patients-in the asylum, and that of these.184 men and D2 women woro under medical treat- ment. Edward Fogarty, a native of Iieland, died on June 25. from genoral paralysis. After the transaction of sotno routine business, and the adoption of the previous month's accounts, amounting to £1,165 2s. 9d., Mr. Tankard moved a resolution to tho effect that the architects be requested to prepare plans and^specifications for the new wing re- quired to complete tho asylum according to its original design. The motion was opposed hy the chairman, chiefly on the ground that it was becoming moro evident every day that tho relief of the poor and destitute on a large scale must ho left to the Govornment, as institutions like tho Benevolent Asylum could not cope satisfactorily with the diffi- culty as the colony increased in population, and want and distress in proportion. After a discussion of some length, the motion was canied by a largo majoiity. and the Building Committee were requested to take the noces saiy steps to see it carried into effect. Most of the members of tbo committee appeared .to be confident that tho Government would ' act with liberality towards them when they learned the necessity that existed for further accommodation heing provided. The fourth annual meeting of tho Medical Benevolent Association will be held this evening in the board-room of the Melbourne Hospital. The endeavour made hy a few members of the profession, some years ago, to provide a means of .relief for their brethren ,who may have become tho subjects of adverse circumstances, has, wo aro glad to know, proved eminently successful. Two magistrates attended at tho watch house yesterday for the purpose of clearing the charge-sheet of tho drunkards, when, strange to say, there was not a single drunkard in the lock-up, and only six charges on the sheet-a thing that, perhaps, the old- est inhabitant could not recollect having happened in Melbourne before. A good deal of dissatisfaction exists amongst many volunteers who joined the different corps in the beginning of 1864, at the non issue to them of the usual certificates entit- ling them to £50 worth of land. It appears that those who joined in October, 1803, got their certificates in January, 1869, which period represented a service of five years and four months. Those who joined in the be- ginning of 1864 have served an eqaal period, and there does not appear any reason why they should be treated differently. The ChieE Secretary has been appealed to, and he ex- presses his willingness to get over tho diffi- culty, but an opinion in the office from Mr. Higinhotham, whilst Attorney-General, is in favour of the idea that the five years must be unbroken as well as consecutive, and that, therefore, tho service from February to De- cember does not count. Whether this opi- nion is to be adhered to, is likely to form a question in Parliament on Tuesday next. The "Marriage of St, Catherine," after Vandjclt, which was for sometime absent from the public art gallery, has just been re- stored to its accustomed place, after having been cleaned, varnished, and otherwise consi- derably improved. It will be remarked that the harsh outline of the shadow which falls on the forehead of the Virgin has been very much softened, and tho cheek of the child cut down to the proportions indicated «by tho best engravings of the original. The colouring of this picture is now to be seen to great advan- tage, and it must bo admitted that it gives an admirable idea of the Titian-liko tints adopted by Vandyck after his visit to Italy. The body and face of the child are exceedingly (soft and natuial-the face in particular ¡having a rosy rotuudity which is worthy of the great master himself. This work, which is said to be a copy made by some of Vandyck's pupils, contrasts favourably, as far as colour is concerned, with the weak land leaden hues in Mr. Molony's Murillo, which has been placed near it. There is also much more sweetness of countenance and refined tenderness in the Virgin of the former than in that of the latter. It has more dig- nified beauty, and if it merit not the appella- tion of la plus belle den vierges, which it re- ceived from a critic of high repute, it at least is far lemoved from the peasant Uko ,> plainness of the conception of Murillo, The i latter work, however, is superior in drawing, though not free from faults even in this re- spect. The colour of the Vandyck will look still better than it does at present when the bloom of the varnish is passed, as may be seen oven now when the picture is polished, as it should be frequently for some time. We may add that the improved appearance of this picture is due to Mr. Patterson, of whose skill we have already had occasion to make favourable mention. The burgess-list for boroughs and the rate pay eis' list for shires and road boards are now prepared, and open lor the inspection of ratepayers. Any person whose namo is omitted may, on or before Wednesday next, the 7th day oi July, put in a claim to vote by giving notice to the clerks ot the respective bodies in tho form provided by the different acts. These forms arc usually to be had at the clerks'offices. Any person who may have gone into new promises on the 20th June, and is still in occupation of the sarao, may put in such claim to vote. Objections to any ou the lists are to be niado during the same time. The revision courts will sit between the 14th and 24th inst., notice of which should be given ; and all claimants will re- quire to appear personally, or by some persons duly authorised. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society gave their second subscription concert for tho season, at the Academy of Music (late Piincess's Theatre), last evening. Although there was a sad paucity of attendance in the lower-priced seats,* yet the other parts of the house were full, and all those present got their reward in a very enjoyable perfor- mance. It waa one of the society's "secular" nights, and it wonld be well if the music-loving people ot Melbourne had offener an opportunity of listening to pieces of tho class selected from on this occasion, The chief feature of the programme was of course the choral performances, and in most the execution was marked with precision and good management. The choral accompani- ment to "Placido eil mar," from Mo/arfe "Idomeno," Novello's "Old May Mora« ing, and that favourite of 0. Gibbons, "The Silver Swan," were thus rendered strictly ac- cording to rule, but the capacity of tho mem- bers of the lank and file of the society was rrost successfully tasked in Festa'a " Down in a Flowery Vale," which has been often pro- duced to a Melbourne audience, but never. found tiresome. Tho gem of tho evening was one of Keissiger's trios, performed bj Messrs. D. Lee (piano), Hughes (violin), and Hart (violoncello) remarkably well, aud so heartily applauded as to lead to the sup* position that the taste for classical instru- mental music is moro widely diffused than the advocates of the fashionable rubbish ol the hour seem to fancy. The peculiar quality of Keissiger's music of this stamp appears to be to give a facile interest to the string bl which the melody is taken up while the piano is busy with an effective obligate, and in this ' way the great excellenco of Mr. Hart as s .violoncellist becamo prominent, oven when compared with the excellent and conscien- tious efforts of Messrs. D. Leo and Hughes. BCBidcs the above, Mrs. Fox and Mr. Don- aldson contributed some solo singing of vary- ing excellence. Thus, while the lady was overweighted in " Dearest Companions," from " La Sonnambula," and the gentleman in the -tenor air, '"Oh, 'tis a glorious sight to seo," from Weber'B " Oberon," yot the former ron .dcred Blumenthal's "Message" very finely, and tho latter nover, did anything better than the "Sleep Well" of Abt. They both executed that noble duet from Macfarren's, "She Stoops to Conquer," "To win a proud and wealthy bride," with" admiiahle taste. "The other performances scarcely call for special notice. Our Ballarat friends were woefully disap- pointed at the poßtponement of the athletic sports [on account of the rain, as they had come up in force, prepared to completely eclipso Melbourne in tho velocipede race. 'To achieve that success they principally re- lied upon a nicely-constructed bicycle named "Sebastopol," from the manufactory "of Mr. Whitford, of Ballarat. It is built on tho monod pattern, and is composed almost en- tirely of hickory wood, with the wheels handed with iron. Its weight is only thirty two 'pounds, and its cosj ^about £12. The saddlo is placed on springs, so that the driver can sit almost as comfortably-thougji not as securely-as in a chair. Anothor novelty is the addition of a splash-hoard, to protect tho driver from the mud. The machine was tested a few days ago, when an average speed of twelve miles an houi was easily attained. A bazaar was opened yesterday afternoon in aid of tho United Methodist Fiee Church, -Gqorgc-street, Collingwood (the Rev. J, Walker's). Previous bazaars which have been held for the same object have been so successful that it is anticipated that the result -of the present undertaking will be to benefit tho church financially! Five years ago there was a sum of £1,100 JA on the building, but three bazaars whicl^^e been held realised over £300, and thijÄtCDt on the church has now beep reduce^t/to £600» The bazaar, which is held in Mho school adjoining the church, was yesterday opened by Mr, W, liâtes, M.L.Al wlio m a few remarks ' ex pressÄhis pleasure in attending any affair of the knro* The stall holders at the bazaar aro Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. Wood, Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Sbardell, and Mrs Heywood. The bazaar will remain open till Saturday. The inaugural dinner of tho Old Colonists' Association was held last night at Menzies' Hotel. Judge Pohlman, president of the association, occupied the chair, and thero was a full attendance of members, upwards of sixty being present. The proceedings passed off very pleasantly. Tho Bluestone Flagging Company at Foots -cray, having been successful in tendering for 3,000 yards of paving for the city corporation, are now in full work. The process is rather slow, but by" employing a large number of savis, the quantity turned out daily is consi- derable. Practical men think this flagging of great value, as both sides present an even surface, which allows the stone to be turned in the course of timo as the one side gets worn. It is calculated to last twice the length of time usually allowed for the imported Arbroath pavement. The Meat-preserving Company on the Salt "water River have again commenced opera- tions, but only on a small scale, on account of ?the present rather high prico of stock. If -the favourable lambing season that is now passing should induce the sending of large quantities to the Melbourne markets, the -operations of meat-preserving are likely to bo -carried on as extensively as they were a few months ago. The orders to hand are said to "be sufficient to keep the companies busily -employed for some months to come, if the Trices of meat enable them to cure at a profit. The barque Charles Tottie, bound for Java, -yesterday shipped a large cargo of very valu- able well-selected stock, consisting of some forty well-bred broken-in hoiscs, mostly saddle hacks and harness pairs. She also takes two bulls boasting of long pedigrees, and thirty well-bred milking cows. The adverse state of tho weather yesterday liad the effect of considerably diminishing -the number of passengers travelling by both -the Victorian and Hobson's Bay lines of rail -way. The following is an approximate return -on tho Victorian lino.-Main line, 300 ; Bal- larat, 4Í0 ; Williamstown, 400. By the Hob son's Bay line, about 800 travelled, principally from the out-stations. The customary fortnightly entertainment to the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum took place last evening, Mr. E. Wild occupy- ing the chair. Air. L. L Lewis performed a .choice selection of music with his customary 'brilliancy and success, and the readings were ?contributed by a lady and hy Mr. James "Smith, and were chosen from tbo works oi Tennjson, Whittier, Hood, Dickens, and -others, It is not often an audience has the gratification of listening to such graceful elo' -cutio», devoid of all pretension, hut imbued with genuine feeling and heightened in effect T>y the tones of a naturally sympathetic voice, -as that of the lady referred to ; and the at tention and emotions of her listeners showec that they were perfectly en rapport with th< fair leader, while they verified the observa lion of the dramatist, that "one touch o jiaturo makes the whole world kin," We are informed that Messrs. Norton Graham, and Co., at the request of the prin -cipal selectors on Phillip Island, have openei Tip steam traffic to that place and Wester: Port, The trip announced for Saturday, i seems, is more of au excursion than with i ?\icw to immediate profit. The July number of the Colonial MontM\ opens with a translation of what is callei Victor Hugo's "new story," "nansof Ice land," which, however good in itself, is some what out of date, and might be advan tageously replaced by something original "long Odds" is at length wound up and will he found reviewed upon it merits as a substantive work of fiction else whero. Mr. Kendall contributes a lyrica .version of the nanative of St. Paul's convei sion, pictuicsquo in epithet and rapii and rhjthmical in tho flow of tho story, j "Glanco at Waikato" is the title of a livel sketch of that part of New Zealand in 18G0 written cúrrente cálamo, and constituting plet sant reading; while the facts and argument contained in tho article on the sanitär sins of health committees merit the seriou attention of all who aro interested-c ?who Tis not?-in the preservation of th public health. " Bankingup country" seem to havo been written by some one familia with the penetralia of these institutions, an a couple of light papers complete the contení of the present number. The monthly meeting of the committee the Geelong and Western District Agricu- tuial and Horticultural Society was held yesterday, when it was resolved to hold the usual spring show on the 21st October. It was also arranged that a general meeting of members should he held on the 15th inst., for the purpose of electing representatives to the Board of Agriculture. The subcommittee reported that the fencing of the grounds for the protection of the trees is completed, and the trees were being planted under the super- intendence of Mr. Bunce. Owing to the extremely unfavourable sta of the'weather yesterday during the forenooi Ibo Yarra did not present that festive an animated appearanco by which it is gen Tally characterised on the occasion < public holidays. Four, however, of a seri cf scratch matches came off on the river i tho forenoon. The first match lay betwe« Pickott, Watson, Adams, and Kemp, V Greenland cox.; and Nichols, Carlisl "Weare, and- Hainford, S. EdVfards co Tho latter, won. The second was con- I tested by Young, Willan, Devine, and Roache, S. Edwards cox, ; and Hovenden, Buchan nan, Beauchamp, and M'Loan, W. Green-' land cox. The former won without any great exertion, The third was between Heard, Butler, Christian, and Whealand, S. Ed- wards cox. ; and Hope, Urice, Vickers, and Chatfield, W. Greenland cox. The former won, Tho final heat of the day lay between Jones, Callen, Sheer, and Da\i?, S. Edwards, cox. ; and Williams, Skinner, Hood, and M'Murtrie, W. Greenland cox, Edwnrds's steering again resulted in victory. Tho remaining heats will be rowed on Satur- day, In tho afternoon, tho weather having improved, large numbers visited the Bo- tanical-gardens, which appeared to great ad- vantage from the freshening influence of tho rain in the earlier part of the day. Mr. James Smith gave a lecture a few evenings since, on the humouious writers of England and America, with illustrative readings, to the inhabitants of Lilydale, for the benefit of the Young Common School. Tho attendance was more numerous, if anything, than on a provious occasion, when the lecturer gave "An evening with Charles Dickens ;" and Mr, Twentyman, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Smith, expressed a hopo that ho -would repeat his visit to the neighbourhood. The Sydney Morning Herald mentions that "a handsome compliment has been paid to the stud owners of New South Wales by the Earl of Majo, Governor-General of India, by selecting this market for a supply of carriage horses for his establishment. The order was entrusted to Mr. Buchan Thomson, who has now at the stables, preparatory for shipment to Calcutta per Forfarshirc, six splendid bays, which can- not fail to enhance the character of Australian horses in the Indian market. The stock se- lected are in splendid condition, very evenly matched in colour and size, with plenty of bone and breeding, heing the produce of Potentate and Bottler from mares equally thoroughbred, the progeny of old Hector, Stceltrap, Waverley, and Gratis. It is to bo hoped that tho shipment will reach their destination in something like their present form ; if so, they will do ciedit to all con corned." We have one day's later news from Sydney. The Herald says, with reference to the alleged case of Asiatic cholera, which was communicated to it in the handwriting of a medical practitioner: - "We have ascer- tained that the case was simply one of British cholera, acting on a very had constitution, the deceased had been unwell for two or three days prior to illness assuming a serious character. Ho was a man of weak, unhealthy constitution, and bad been a good deal ex- posed to cold and damp provious to his last illness. Dr. Millet's name was mentioned in the paragraph, which, it is proper to add, was ' written and published without his knowledge.' The acting health officer, Mr. G. F. Dansey, caused inquiries to bo made as to the sanitary condition of the locality with, as it is believed, satisfactory results." This gratifying intelligence is cal- culated to alloy immediate alarm, but it ought not to have the effect of inspiring a feeling of false security, or of causing the authorities in any of the colonies to intermit their efforts to avert a visitation from the epidemic. The Rockhampton Bulletin sounds a noto of alarm on the subject of the encroachments of the people of South Austialia on the back country trade of Southern Queensland. "Even Brisbane," it observes, "if it should carry out its pet scheme of an extension to Boma, will havo a hard battle to fight to hold its ground. If Adelaide can land goods onco in three years, by the Darling, at Fort Bourke, for £10 per ton, which would cost £20 from Sydney, the country on the Warrego, the Paroo, and even the Thomson and Barcoo may draw their supplies from there after a time. The Barcoo appears on the map fifty miles nearer to Fort Bourke than to Rock- hampton. The Darling River is seldom navi- gable, but once in three years would suffice to store immense quantities of goods at Fort Bourke. Rockhampton is better situated than either Brisbane, Sydney, or Adelaide, to command this back-country trade at the heads of Warrego, the Paroo, and Thomson ; but our roads will long prove a drawback. Brisbane will push ahead her railways to the west, and we shall be left to pick up what we can. The extension of our railway to Gain ford is a necessary means to extend our traffic into tho interior, and even to retain what we have at present. It is bad enough that Dalby should successfully compete with us, but when Adelaide goes in to win, it becomes rather too good a joke." The colonial boy is as offensive a nuisance in Sydney as in Melbourne. Late on Thurs- day evening, says the Sydney Morning Herald, "ayouth named Giant, aged about seventeen years, shot another youth of about the same age, with a pistol, at the Varieties. Grant, who was sitting in a box contiguous to the other young man, whose name is Gardiner, placed the barrel of the pistol to a hole in the dividing partition, and fired through it at the latter. Happily the weapon was only charged with a quantity of powder, but that circumstance did not pievent Gar- diner from having his face seriously scorched, his eyes narrowly escaping from severe injury. The incident was the cause of some commo. tion in the theatre, which subsided when the circumstances became known. Gardiner wa; conveyed to the infirmary by one of the mern, beis of the police foice, and there had hi¡ hurts attended to. It is believed that the pistol was fired by Grant with the intentior of having a 'lark' with or of frightening his neighbour. Grant is in custody." According to the Port Denison Times, tin blacks in the north of Queensland are be coming very troublesome to the whitesettlers The Inkerman tribe, it states, " are in tin habit of bailing travellers up at a place calloc Slaty Creek, about nine miles on this sido o: the Burdekin. One German they stripped ol all that he possessed, clothes and all ; and st strong are they in numbers that the othei day they hustled and very seriously annoyed a party of six men coming along the road The mailman finds it necessary to carry fire arms to protect himself from them. At In kerman itself the inhabitants are in a vorj dangerous predicament. A Brisbano black fellow, named Whistler, who has been livinf for along time on the station, and is thoroughl; acquainted with it, has gone out to the bush and is living with the native blacks. Beside; this, there have been two or three gins workinj about the kitchen for some time. These thi blackfellows have called into camp, and wil not permit any longer to íemain on the sta tion. There is, however, a boy left, to wbou it has been intimated that it is the intentioi of the blackfellows to storm the station, kil and mutilate all the whito mon, but to tak possession of tho horses and use them fo cattle-hunting. The hands on the 'statioi are in a great state of alarm, and Mr. Row lands, the line-repairer in charge of thi telegraph, thinks it advisable to pass hi nights at the station, where they all slee] with their arms by their sides. Tho cattle a Inkerman too have been speared to a groa extent lately." ' Two men named Sharkey and Cooper liung near Murrumburrah, in New Soutl Wales, quarrelled in their cups, and tb foi mer was killed by the latter during ai affray which is thus described by tho sur vivor :-The struggle was commenced b; deceased, who presently exclaimed, "Yoi -wretch, I Mill kill you," The combat ants were in perfect darkness, and while pri soner was down and underneath ho struel deceased on the head with a piece of wood, am notbeingabletodiscernitseflect, and decease still struggling, he (prisoner) groped about and, meeting with some instrument whicl ho believed was either a knife or a fork Struck him (deceased) with it in the side several times,-and after that swooned from exhaustion, and remembered nothing till next morning, when he awoke and found the man dead beside him. Cooper has been committed for trial. j Tho Hay correspondent of the Riverine Herald writes:-"I very nearly had to chronicle a murder as having been com- mitted in the ' Bend' alluded to in my lost. A Mr. Freemon, in charge of sheep travel- ling, went down to tho bend to look after some of bis men who had strayed in that delightful region. Going into a Chinese hut, in mistake, he was set on by no less than five Mongolians, who beat him in such an un- merciful manner that it is a wonder Mr. F, is not dead. Thanks to the care and atten- tion of Dr. Gordon, Mr. F. is doing well. The police arrested the offenders, and on being brought before the Bench, were sen- tenced to two months in Deniliquin gaol." "During the first quarter of this year," says the Albury Banner, "about 12,000 acres of land were taken up and settled in the singlo district of Albury, but in the whole of South Australia, during tho same period, only 5,472 acres wcto taken up under the new system of deferred payments which has lately been in- troduced into that colony. And most of the selectors who come to this district do well, whatever may be said of their condition in the older portions of the colony." Colonel Shaw, a veteran officer retired from the Indian army, and settled in Tasmania, has addressed a letter to the Times of India, urging his old comrades to follow his exam- ple. He says :-"I would recommend to set- tlers the vigour and stability of this very beautiful island. H, in defiance of taxation so outrageous, life may be so enjoyable in Tasmania, what will it become when a body of immigrants strong in moral force and order shall come upon it ? I have chosen my allotment in Castra since last I wroto you. My family has received a grant of 100 acres. The land is almost i free from trees, and is a beautiful plain traversed with a watercourse running down to tho Leven. Youthful mem- bers of an English family are unablo to un- dertake this entrance upon bush life, but there will be found an abundance of useful and happy labour after tho opening has been made. And now a word to persons possessed of families. Judging from myself, I should suppose such persons to bo for the most part unacquainted with the difficulties of putting sons into life in Europe. Colonel Crawford has, in my opinion, acted a philanthropic part in propounding a scheme for tho provision of old Indians, by which so much general com- fort and competency may be attained to. The district of Castra is on all sides stated to be surpassingly rich in soil and beautiful in scenery. I have not heard much about its climate, but if it in the least resembles the Mersey, where I now write, no utterances of mine can do it justice. The river (stocked with fish and lobsters) must be a constant treat, and a settlement upon it might do wonders. I cannot touch upon this place-to wit, the Mersey-and its salubrious climate without becoming extremely eulogistic. They mako me young again. I feel strong to labour as I never did before. At threescore years and seven I accomplished work which I could not have attempted in my early manhood. These things lead me to advise old Indians to invest in Castra." An impartial opinion upon the new Land Bill may he reasonably expected from distant and disinterested critics, and the following, from the Maitland Mercury (N.S.W,), will therefore command attention and respect : *'It is one thing to hold out inducements to the best men to take office, by giving them free scope for the exercise of their abilities and the stimulus of personal responsibility, but it is another to give to a party politician^ under the nominal check of Parliamentary' responsibility, indefinite powers of bribery and intimidation, that may be turned to account in making that responsibility a mere fiction. To give a Minister or a Ministry the power of dealing with the public lands under a mere skeleton of fixed law, but with the right to fill in details and settle doubtful points without appeal, is to push the principle of responsibility beyond the limits of ordinary safety. For, what are wo to understand by the statement that the Ministry is responsible to Parliament ? It means that the Ministry is answerable to the majority in Parliament. And how is a majority in Parliament to be secured or maintained ? It has been openly acknowledged by one of the most successful politicians that the distribution of patronage may be rightly regulated so as to promote these ends ; and if the distribution of patron- age, why not other departments of adminis- tration in which substantial advantages may be conferred upon supporters in Parliament, or the friends of those supporters, or the clients of supporters ? Parliamentary respon- sibility is an excellent thing, but it is not to be trusted to in cases where it may become a dead letter as a substitute for clearly-defined law, expounded by trained and professionally impartial judges. A Ministry commanding a strong majority, administering the law in the interest of that majority, is not likely to be called to account for its partial dealings by any of its interested supporters ; and, should the charge come from the Opposition, the merits of the case uto merged in a party struggle, the issue of which is hardly doubt- ful." Simultaneously with the discovery of fresh deposits of silver ore in this colony, in New South Wales, and South Australia, it is singular that discoveries of extensive miues should be made in Nevada. The New York World, in reference to this subject, says : "The wealth of the newly discovered White Pine mining district in Nevada is attested by figures rarely surpassed in tho statistics of mining. The Comstock lode, in the Washoe region of the same state, which has produced over 90,000,000dol. in bullion, furnished ores assaying as high as 4,000dol. per ton. Speci- mens taken from the Eberhardt, Mississippi, and several other mines in the White Pine district, are said to have assayed 20,000dol. per ton. These indications by assay were, of course, too excessivo to be literally horne out by woiking tests ; yet the actual yield in silver of several representative mines during the month of December is shown by the fol- lowing table to havo been enormous : Tons. ¡Avorago par Ton. Eberhardt .. Keystone .. Hidden Trcasu Snowdrop .. Aurora North Stonewall .. Eclipse Last Chanco Montgomory Hobert Emmett Empire The average yield per ton for November was 257.17dol. ; for December, 429.52dol. Some thirty considerable mines and numberless smaller ones aro in course of development on Treasure-hill and in the neighbourhood." At tbo last meeting of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales, Dr. Moiris gave a most interesting account of his study of tho Oidhim Tuckeri. Having obtained from tho agricultural society a specimen of diseased 'vine a ftw months ago, and feeling par- ticularly interested, as well as thoroughly ac- quainted with the use of the microscope, Dr. Morris devoted much time and attention to following the progress of tho oidium even up to the present day. The evidenco brought for- ward and clearly demonstrated by the powerful instrument laid before the meeting, shows that thevinc disease, which was considered bymany as dormant during the winter months, is still alive, and propagating itself with marvellous rapidity. From the interesting and most valuable experiments submitted by Dr. Morris, the committee btrongly advise nil vineyard proprietors to cause all leaves, cut- tings, &c;, ito be carefully burned ; the stems of all vines to bo thoroughly covered with a coating of lime and sulphur, to be prepared as follows ¡-Equal proportions of slaked lime and flour of sulphur boiled together, in a vessel containing sufficient water to allow a perfect mixture. In the boiling the sulphur will in a great measure become dissolved ; when cool it will have the consistency of paint, and can easily bo applied with a white- wash brush. " The Merchant of Venice" was the prin- cipal attraction at tho Theatre Royal last evening, and the performance of this admir- able play drew a well-filled house. Mr. Montgomery repeated his powerful impersona- tion of Shylock very successfully, and his efforts were ably seconded by Miss Adelaide Bowring as Portia, a character of which she is on excellent representativo. "Faust and Marguerite" was the afterpiece. "Still Waters Run Deep" will bo produced this evening, to bo followed by the same after- piece. Weston's Opera-house was crowded in all parts last evening, by a holiday audience, who appeared to thoroughly enjoy the varied programme of entertainments piovided. We have received from Messrs, Clarson, Massina, and Co., the publishers, Part I. of the Weston and Hussey Minstrels' Book of Songs, containing the words and music of some forty of the beautiful melodies sung by the sable opera troupe and other popular artistes. The book has been odited by Messrs. Frank Weston and N. La Feuillade, is very neatly printed and got up, and is altogether a creditable and attractive little work. 