THE GENERAL ELEOTION. (From the Yuss Courier.) BEAnLY next year a new parliament will have to be elected, and owing to the many and important changes in our domestic polity that have taken place since the present one was summoned, the event will be invested with moro than common interest. Unlike those parliaments that have been dissolved by the action of party after a brief life, it will be ushered into the political world through the quiet natural decay of its pro decessor, affording a practical illustration of how far it is judicious to prolong to such an extent the existence of the highest deliber ative assembly in the country. Upon a retrospective view of the more important acts of legislation, we expect it will be generally conceded that it would be advis able to limit the duration of parliaments to three years, which would afford the elec torates the opportunity of a more effectual control over their representatives, and a safety valve for public opinion. In the pro sent instance the parliament that is now about to give up the ghost has commendably worked for the interests of the country; and if its debates have been at times acrimonious and tainted with personalities, there have boon some fine oxpositions of patriotism and a tendency to maintain independence worthy of such an august assembly. We should rather consider the great results than stop to canvass the tortuous processes by which they have been attained. The long ac quaintance that most of the constituencies have had with their representatives will prove of value on the occasion of the gen oral election; in those instances in which the representatives have discharged their parliamentary duties with ability and assi duity, the honour of re-election will be easily secured; the reverse of such conduct will have its reverse consequence. As re gards the electorate of Yass Plains, the constituency has had so little to do with the parliamentary business of the country since the nomination and election of that perfect Chesterfield of a gentleman, Mr. Robert Mackintosh Isaacs, that the electors have almost forgotten that theoretically they had a share in the government of the country. Although their knowledge of Mr. Isaacs does not extend to such a length as that of some constituencies with their members, it is amply sufficient for the formation of an opinion as to Iris worth as a representative. We are not so unreasonable as to suppose that professional men occupying seats in the legislature, and whose time must naturally be divided between the dual duties of their position, can be continually on their feet in the House advocating some potty local matter in which their distant constituencies are so much absorbed, or be daily writing to them in reply to every frivolous question that on the spur of the moment, or in considera tion of their having "a member," they com municate to the honourable gentleman; but every constituency has a right to considora tion at the hands of its representative, and a neglect of that consideration is a natural forfeiture of confidence. It is not probable that Mr. Isaacs over intended to offer him self again for the representation of Yass Plains; but that does not shield him from just censure for having treated the electors with the greatest possible discourtesy. We are not aware that more than one letter has been received from that gentleman in his representative capacity by any elector, while numerous communications to him, embody ing the sentiments of the constituency, have been treated by him with cold silence. We have no recollection of ever having seen his name figuring in the parliamentary debates in connection with any local matter, and we are very certain that on no occasion that has presented itself has he shown the smallest interest in the affairs of the electorato. There is a growing distaste to representation by lawyers; and the conduct of Mr. Isaacs cannot otherwise than increase it. Profos sional men in noew colonies are so absorbed in pushing their fortunes through the legitimate channels of their occupation as to be unable to devote the requisite time to legislatorial duties; and, generally speaking, their habits of thought ill adapt them for the arena of a deliberative assembly. In the House of Commons the learned profession is ropro sented by men whose practice has long secured them an ample competency, whose independence indeed has been attained, and who are scholarly acquainted with constitu tional law. In the colonial legislatures the case is widely different, and even the best of the profession regard representative honours as a means of self- aggrandisement. It would not be premature for this electorate now to consider the subject of its future ropreoonta tion. It has been so long neglected that evorythinglilro cautiousness andproparodnoss should be exorcised. Thorn is a pot idea with most constituencies that reprosontation can not be offoctive unless by a local man ; that no person is so capable of serving the interests of an olectorate as one who has resided in the midst of the electors. We dissont from such an opinion, and for the reason that an elec tion so based is liable to be under the influ once of some particular clique. The special requiremonts of an electorate can be easily ascertained by a non- resident candidate, while the fact of his not being influenced by that close friendship with any individuals amongst the constituents, which must occur by local residence, leaves him free to serve the entire electorate with the strictest impar tiality. In now colonies few country resi dents can separate themselves from their avocations to attend with regularity their parliamentary duties. At the very time their presence is most needed in the Assem bly it is probable that their own domestic affairs may require their personal supervi sion. Unfortunately the business of parlia ment has never boon so arranged as to afford the country members the opportunity of sitting out a session without serious loss to their private interests. How can we expect that such will over be the case until that horrible loquacity which seems to be almost inseparable from debates, gives place to a greater brevity of speech. In considering the subject of candidature, the principles of the candidate should enter largely into the question. We have no desire to lower the character of a representative by making him merely a delegate, nor would we exact minute conditions as the grounds of support; but we contend that the general principles of a candidate should be the guide to con fidence, not merely the general and equivocal character-of honesty and ability. There will be questions arising in the new parliament that will affect that which has been done by its predecessor, and it will therefore be for the constituency to say whether it is or is not content with certain great changes that have been effected during the last five years. 