OUR CONTINENTAL LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Paris, May 22, 1869. For the last fortnight we have been dancing on a volcano. The privileged public election meetings have taken place, and no one is sorry that they are over. The law demands that an interregnum of five days shall take place before the ballot commences—two days are prescribed for tills operation, so that on Monday evening next the curtain will fall, and the new French Parliament mil bo elected. It is a long time since France has witnessed so deadly a party struggle. It is simply between the Revolutionary parly, backed up by the Orleanists and Legiti mists, and the Emperor; supported by moderate thinking men. Order, and liberty with the Emperor, is the cry, from one camp. Revolu. tion and its chances, that from the other. Now to the mind of every reflective man, what France first wants is security—order ; and it is only the strong arm of Napoleonism can success fully wield this. The French want many liberties eDjoyed by Englishmen and Ameri cans. No one denies their right to them, bn. many question their present fitness to possest them. Behind the untrammelled exercise of liberty in Francs stalks revolution and all its horrora and excesses. The Emperor gives an instalment of liberty proportionate to the desserts of his subjects. To give all at once, and be forced to withdraw them owing to abuse, would be a perikras proceeding, and fatal to the throne, as all French history proves. The Emperor is known to be the first liberal in the Empiie. Hojdaily gives evidences of liis anxiety to rank his subjects as free men worthy to be free, but he has to respect the fears of the " wise," as well as the follies of the "brave." " You desire to be free, but do not know how to be juat," said once the Abbe Sieves to his countrymen. During tho List days the "lleds," or Mountain party, refused to listen to any moderate candidate—even the men who won for them by their eloquence the limited liberty they at present possess. Like Saturn, the UcvolutionisU.devour their children. On two occasions thn mobs—for they were nothing else —burst into the places of meeting, tore down railings, burst open doors, refused to hear the speakers they differed from, and, on gaining the street, tbey shouted seditious cries, chanted prohibited songs, vociferated for revolution and a republic In the streets trees were uprooted, stones ditlodged and thrown at the police, rail ings torn down, so that it became necessary to clear the roadway with cavalry, while the police charged the side paths. One inspector was left for dead from the blow of a life-preserver, and 30 policemen were more or less wounded. Upward* of 130 arrests were made, the parties being lodged in separate cells. Of this number 56 were students, and 70 laboring men and artisans—the three fourths of the total being under 20 years of age. So thus has ended the playing at Revolution, which frightened so many persons out of town. The nest day the Emperor, accompanied by an aide-3e-canip, drove round, in an open carriage, all the revolutionary quarters, which was very plucky. In the time of Louis Phillippe the presi was wont to sarcastically remark—"The King has returned to the Tuillerios from a drive, and no attempt was made on his life." It is not so with the Emperor. He has done a great deal for the woridng-claescs, has taught them to make and save money, and the result of the general election will be anoTervvUelmiug majority in his favor. Spain still occupies the most prominent position on the Continent. The dis >rders are becoming more frequent as the exceptional con dition of things is prolonged. The French Government has Bvizal on the frontier large consignments of anna, under the name of agri cultural implements, destined for the tsahe.lla ists. This is very loyal towards Spain on the part of France. But no one believes that her ex-Majesty has the ghost of a chance of being restored. As for Don Carlos, he is etill in Paris, mourning the hopes that leave him. He has no money now, and what partisans he has in Spain are without a leader, and have no military organization. In the Cortes the discussion on the Constitution is drawing to a close. Perfect religious equality has not been voted, but then toleration has been secured. Isabella's prayers do not appear to have been heard. She had a. Mass recently offered up in Paris, for God to forgive the deputies who were going in for religions free dom. The form of *f?igirliiMi Government will be voted, and the king question laid aside for a time. In the interim, Serrano may likely be invested with the powers of Regent, for which he is peculiarly fitted, and Prim —the master epirit of New Spain—will continue to be Minister of War, along with being President of the Council. Prim has ths whole of the army with him—he is brave and far-seeing, lie has quietly got rid of all Colonels with s. leaning to the Bourbons. What Spain Hants most now is a man of capacity and firmness, like Prim, to deal with the finances. The Exchequer is empty—pillaged by ttw late rulers, who even discounted its future. This will be remedied by-nnd-bye. Cuba, that pearl of tbe Antilles, is not likely to belo?ttothe mothercountry. America seems inclined to give up all piratical attempts against the island, since Fiance and England have expressed their disanproval of the fiHibostering. Italy has had a change of Ministry, but of no moment. She has ceased to be an element of European disorder, since Austria has come up again with renewed vigor, like Antaeus after touching the ground. At Borne His Holiness seems to speculate still in artillery, and these peacemakers dally practice along tho Tiber. He dreads Mazzini more than Garibaldi. But the Italian conspirator is at death's door—lie is suffering from cancer in tbe stomach, can bear but littlo food, and smokes like a chimney— some 50 cigars per day. Austria 'and Prussia are becoming civil towards each other, and Bis marck, seeing there is nothing for him to do in Southern Germany for some time, is about translating the j£neid into German. Outside of tfco elections, Paris has been very gay. The weather might have babaved itself better; here we are in Hay, and have quite a wintry time of it. The Prince and Princess of Wales and the Archduke Victor, brother of the Emperor of Austria, have been here and gone. Their reception was everywhere markedly polite and attentive; they "basked in every pleasuie," and were tbe observed of all ob servers, at theatres, races, balls, dinnera, and reviews. The Queen of England has invited the Prince Imperial to visit her, and he intends going when vacation time arrives, about the latter part of July. Tbe Princess Hettemich is wife of tbe Austrian Ambassador here; not a handsome, but one of the wittiest and best hearted women alive—the soul of every ball, public or private. The Emperor of Austria,, desirous of marking his esteem for her, asked what favor he could bestow on her, and it wonld be immediately granted. "To forgive your brother, the Archduke Henry." It was accorded. This Archduke Fell into disgrace for marrying an actress, whose pretty face was as irreproachable as her virtue. The Empress it is said will postpone her journey to Jerusalem till next year. Some eay its expensivenesf, estimated at £100,000 is a cause, but the real reason appears to be, that Her Majesty will have enough to do in attend ing the fetes at Corsica, ic honor of the First Napoleon's centenary, as well as opening the SuezCanaL The Princess leabelle Beauvan Craon U some 30 years of age, very handsome and intelligent. She had a miserable home, a harsh mother, and no sympathising friends. To ocenpy her time she took to travel, to study languages, and got up all the "ologies." She was weak on the "spirits," who drained her purse, and being fond of horses, was often taken in by the dealers. She could handle her revolver too, but then she was an unprotected female. Well; her mother and some relatives applied to the Court to treat her as a lunatic—in which case, she would be shut up for life, and all her great fortune go to mamma. She presented herself before the Judges, pleaded her own cause, and with extraordinary ability and liuitor, de molished the case of lunacy. The Court decided to itself take charge of her fortune, and to allow ber £L,OOO a-year inomo. The ex-Queen of Spain purposes going to Bohemia to " drink the waters." Her Majesty is not so stout as she was. She was at one time a mountain of flesh, nnd not an agreeable one either to look at. She is as ever, actively throwing herself into Parisian amusements intends purchasing a summer residence at Hontmoreucy, in the suburbs of Paris, close by the Sister Patrocinio, who is 'the Superioress of a convent, inhabited by 20 Spanish ladies, whose time is partly passed making jellies and liqueurs tor those who wish to purchase them. The Monks of Chortreuse and of St. Keue <HfHn t have since a long time devoted their encrgiss to the preparation of liqutwx, above all Greek, above all Roman fame. The new city loan, to pay off old arrears and to complete and extend *' New Paris," has been a great success, and must be an immense source | of gratification to the Emperor and his hench man, Baron Haussmann, after all the vitupera tion they have been subjected to on account of the improvements. Three-fourths of the shares were reserved for applicants for one share. Not only were the offices proper besieged, but the district Post-Offices had to be c?Ued into requi sition to receive the deposit-fees. Of whom did the crowd consist? Of tradesmen, small shop keepers, servants, laborers, &c.; Of the " great unwashed," who, enriched by the second em pire, came to invest their savings in one of its chief glories. On the sth instant the Empress completed her 42nd year. The snowfall of time has left but few traces as yet on features promising to be " beautiful for ever." Every year sees Her Majesty associating herself with some good work, some chanty, that knows neither sect nor country. If contentment of mind, springing from the consciuusnes* of duty well discharged, be a nirans of prolonging life, she ought to live to a green old age. There is nothing new absolutely in the way of fashions. The "camel's hump" fashion of wearing the dresses briiiud is disappearing, and the ladies seem inclined to run iuto the oppo site extreme of wearing rolws after the " yard 1 of }>mnp of water" btyle—lliis, with a hat Mkc asonp plate, is considered '" the tiling." All better, liowot-e r, thau the questionable taste o tlie Louis XV. ago. Flowers, au<l of tbe simplest kind, bid fair to cut out jewellery and diamonds. AH this is good news fur Pater fsuniliaa. The fashionable ladies, and of tbe first society in Paris, preserve their dresses anil , work them up iu(o what? CansuicaLs for the i home and missionary clergy, as well as for altar decorations. An exhibition of these articles beautifully made up has just taken | place. The stbinst. beingtbe anniversary of thedcatli of Uielirat Emperor, tbcretnnaotsof his old KuarJ, after hearing an obituary mass, maiclied to the Napoleon Column, in the I'lacc V'eudouio, and I deposited wieaths on tlio r.iilings. The old fellows then "went on town" for tlio remainder ; <if the day, "liqnoiug up" freely. They looked well after having been voted their in creased pensions. This column is composed of j cannon taken from the Austriaus chiefly, suid on the top is the statue of him who bequeathed " the odium of his death to the Itoyal House of 1 England." At the ceremony in question were ! two lookers-on —the Prince of Wales and the Emperor of Austria':) brother. 