PA BEES' EXAMINA TION-. MB. POKCH SAW in yesterday's Beraid t^ statement of tbe evidenoe nlrosdy given beffore Mr. Macleay's committee. The JTetvM't wport ib, bb usual, quite erroneous. j|fr Punch's stenographers had furnisbed him with thefollowing examination pf ftriwhitnself-— By the Chairman: What is your name ?— Witness: Henry Parkes. Do yon produce everything in your possession concerning tbe Foninn conspiracy? I do. 1 produco a turnip scooped out, a short pipe, a white sheet, and a file of the Kiama Pilot. . You were Colonial Secretary at the time of the occurrence at CJontarf P I was. What did you do on hearing of the Prince's attempted assassination?,-1 at once bought - and read eagerly the Castle of Otranto, various works on demonology, tbe Night Side'of Nature, and eereral elaborate treatises on ghosts. I then enrolled myself as an honorary member of the detective police force; and Bsked one of the cquerrijps whether thePrinoe, who was then supposed to be dying, had expressed a desire to see me. • Did yon learn that HJR.H. had, in his delirium, mentioned your came! and, if so, in what way ?—I did. I ascertained that in a moment of insanity, H.R.H. had remarked to an attendant, " Why the devil didn't th« fellow shoot Parkes What did you do next? I visited tho prisoner, taking with me tbe reporting staff of a daily paper, and directed my messenger to see that none of my colleagues came iqto my publio office during my absenoe. Did anything happen on your way -to gaol ? —Yes. Tho hansom cab driver, whom ! had engaged to drive me to Darlinghurst, and to whom I gave eighteen pence, msde use of an. expression which left no doubt on my mind that he wasa member -of a damnable Fenian organisation. What was his expression ?—On leaving his cab at the gates of I)arlingbnr£t, and placingthe eighteen pence in his hand, lie remarked^ in a low grumbling tone, " This ere's nice\ pay for transforming a cove's 'ansom into a prison wan." I took bis number on the spot, and bad bis hansom watched by four detectives. . j " Having seen O'Farrell, what did vou do next ?—I again called to Bee tbe Prince. I had' heard that he had been enquiring whether I had friends in New Zealand j and on aecertaining that I knew some people there, H. R. H. promptly announced his intention to return to England direct. Why did you moko the assertions contained in your Kiama speech?—For the purpose of awakening a general public interest in ques, tions of spiritualism, and producing harmony of opinion and action among discordant tec- tione of tho people. ^ Is it true that you offered a confidential appointment in the public Treasury to Myers, alins Miller, alius Hallam ?—I decline to answer any questions tending to compromise the reputations of distinguished men. • Is it a fact that you contemplated getting rid of Eagar, and putting Mr. Benedict in place of tbe former distinguished person ?— I had never fully resolved to carry out that idea. * Did you intimate to anyone, that a powerful administration in the present state of publio feeling, could be formed by yourself, Benedict, Myers, Professor Mac and tho Ghost, with Windeyer aa both Crown law officers ?—I decline to answer that question. Why did you not communicate to your colleagues any of tbe intelligence you had received about the existence of a Fenian conspiracy?—I had not sufficient confidence in their discretion. I suspected Martin, to be an Irish patriot disguised as a Native loyalist, while Eagar I looked upon AB excessively doubtful, and WiUon I regarded as an adventurer, who, if Feoianism could command a working majority in tbe Assembly, might become a " Head Centre" at any moment.— Sydney Punch. DEATH OF TUB REV. W. Ross.—It is witji very great regret, says the Goulbwrn Herald of Wcdoesday, that we have to announce the death of the ilev. William Boss, Presbyterian minister of this city, whooxpired«t3 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Mr. Uoss for years past: had suffered from chronio diarrhoea, which some months back assumed a worse form and necessitated very active treatment. On getting somewhat better he took a trip to Melbourne, but without experiencing any benefit, lie returned only two or three weeks ago. His complaint having assumed a different form, that of obstinate constipation, he got gradually worse, and died as . already mentioned. Mr. Ross was 55 years of age, and leaves a widow but no children. ' He had been about 30 years in the colony, 21 of which were spent in this district. At the late General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church he was cycled to the high office of Moderator. He was a man of considerable attainments; and his philosophical instruments are allowed to surpass those of any other resident of. our district. Ho was the origina'or of the G-oulburn Mechanics' Institute, of which ho was the first and—except during tbo term of a visit he paid to tho mother country—the only president. He was one of the most frequent public lecturers in connection with thnt institution. He was also an active member of the Mosonio body ; and for about twenty years was secretary to the Goulburn hospital. GOOD PHTCE FOE CATTLE.—Mr. J. Browno sold yesterday, at his farm nt Bleison Dieu, a draft of 175 head of cattle, at £5 Gs. per head. The above stock had just come down from tho M'lntyre, aod their condition was anything but prepossessing, from tho scarcity of feed along the rond, and tbo-difficulty of obtainingcanipingaccommodation nowadays. The prices fctclied, however, a-c verv satisfactory. Tho purchaser was Mr. 0. Williams. —Singhim Timet. 