CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE. LENTEN PASTORAL FOR 1869. James AHpius, by the Grace of God and favour of the Holy and Apostolic See, Bishop of Melbourne. To THE CLERGY AND LAITY OF THE DIOCESE, When ye last-, be not as the hypocrites, sad. MATT. chap. vi. v. 16. Whatever we do to honour God, and to move his compassion towards us, should he cheerfully and lovingly done. A forced and grudging fast He will despise. It is therelore useless as a means of satisfaction; a labour of self-denial profitless, without merit. Tiie body is punished, but the soul is not thereby relieved. Hence our Blessed Lord warns all against being sad when they fast, that they may not be as the hypocrites— " When you fast, be not as the "hypocrites, sad." The sadness here condemned is not that of Iruc contrition, of a sincere conversion of the heart to God; but one arising out of selfish dislike to suffering and humiliation, submitted to either through a servile fear of God, or as a disguise lor worldly purposes. " They disfigure their faces that they may appear uulo men to fast, Amen, I say to you (hoy Imve received their reward."—Matt. vi. 1(>. The reward here alluded to by our Blessed Saviour is the worldly good opinion, or applause, they coveted. It behoves the faithful to undertake the fast and abstinence, appointed for our annual observance, so far as health will permit, in the spirit of true penance, without any reference to human opinion. "When tliou fastest," said the Redeemer, " anoint thy head, and wash thy face, that thou appear not to men to fast; but to thy Father who is in secret; and thy Father who secth in secret will repay thee. Matt. vi. 17, 18. When our Lord commenced his mission to the Jews, the custom prevailed among pretenders to a religious life— the self-righteous and hypocritical Pharisees —of disfiguring their faces, that they might appear to men to fast. Thus they put God aside, and sought the favour of men as their only reward. But with us, Christians, the humiliation and chastisement of a fast should signify a. true conversion of the whole man to God, of whom alone we hope for a supernatural return—the forgiveness of sin, and a remission of the satisfaction thereby due, in this and the next life, to His outraged Majesty ; being mindful of the condition of this forgiveness, put clearly and distinctly before our minds by our Divine Teacher himself, in these words, "Unless you do pcnance you shall all likewise perish. A full and modest accusation of ourselves to a duly authorised priest, accompanied by a true sorrow and purpose of amendment, is that which gives merit and effect to this outward penance of fasting with almsgiving. "If we confess our sins," says St. John, "lie (God) is faithful to His promise, and just to forgive us our sins, and cleanse us from all iniquity."—John i. 9. Oncc at peace with God, through sacramental penance, we shall be zealous to promote peace and charity with one another. Indeed, the former cannot take place unless wo are previously reconciled one to another. Our prayers and oblations, our alms and fasts, will be devoid of merit in the sight of God, if not accompanied by that chanty which positively commands mutual love—mutual forebearance. "If, therefore, thou offer thy gift at the altar, and there thou remember that thy brother hath anything against thee, leave there thy offering before the altar, and go first to be reconciled to thy brother; and then coming, thou shalt Mat °i n ^ t - v - 23 - 24 " By this shall all men know that you are my disciples, if you love one another, as I have loved you." Let it be our study, as it is our duty, to cultivate this holy virtue of charity, without which we are but as " sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal." One cannot be happy within himself whilst he foregoes the disfipleship of Christ, to indulge a pitiable ieelmg of resentment. Such is our frailty, that we have much to forgive each other, and very much indeed for which we hope to obtain forgiveness from our common Father, Redwmcr, and Judge, who reigns in Heaven. I.'ORGIVE, and you shall be forgiven." This done, all our other Christian duties will COME EASY to us, and we shall learn to know AND feel that our Saviour's yoke is sweet ;TND his burden light. "His kingdom here on earth is peace and ioy in the Holy Ghost, which is not given to the wicked." And this we. shall most assuredly enjoy if we are only faithful to His word. Tilis word requires nothing but what our own good instincts prompt us to do: namely, to love God, and m Him to love all mankind, without exception. And this means that we oppose no hinderance to the spiritual or temporal wellbemg of our neighbour, under which designation the Christian is taught to recognise the whole HUMAN race, whether agreeing with us or differing from us. And ill consideration of this, we would impress upon you the great importance, the indispensable duty it involves of being careful for the salvation of all confided to vour care or guardianship as parents, teachers, and employers. In some one or other of those states we all, more or less, stand in R responsible relation to our fellow creatures. Parents are beholden to God in a most solemn manner for the care they should take of the morals and faith of their children. These sacred treasures wherewith heaven is purchased can only be preserved to them by a frequent use of the sacraments of penance and lioly Eucharist, when of age to comprehend those great mysteries of God's mercy and love. But not the least important of the means to prepare them to confess and receive worthily, is that system of mixed education, religious and secular, approved of by the Church, and recommended to us by the experience of centuries. The Catholics who would separate the religious from the secular teaching, and go in for a purely mundane course of instruction, are in contradiction to her wisdom and authority on a subject which involves so much that con cerns vitally faith and morals'; to save which we should be ready to sacrifice property, liberty, life, offerings personally great—the greatest we can make — but still of little weight when placed in the balance with the endless happiness thus secured as the reward of holy faith and blameless morals. How shall we reconcile the conduct of such persons with these words of our Divine Redeemer— "Seek ye first the Kingdom of God?" Does the position of Catholics educated under this approved system of religious and worldly teaching prove that the latter was neglected, or taught in a slovenly way ? In the past, as in the present, they have been among the foremost in the world's race. They have merited the highest places among statesmen and scholars. They have stood forth among their fellows as devoted and loyal citizens, even when they have licen sorely tried, by the narrow prejudices which an unmeaning hatred to their holy religion has conjured up against them. To this system of education, improvised by the divine authority of the Church, the world, iu a profane sense, owes a debt of gratitude. The classics and learning that distinguished the pagan nations, and which are now the most valued treasures in the possession of men of letters and science, have been carefully preserved and handed down to us by the Church, these men would at the present eliminate from all share in public education. But the world has no gratitude, and is, therefore, brankrupt, so far at least as tliis debt is concerned. One, however, of the advocates of this exclusively secular system of instruction has left a private record, now become public, and quoted by us on a former occasion, of his reasons for upholding it in Ireland, where every crusader against our holy religion had the permission of law to try liis skill as to the best means oi uncatholicising that country, with a view to its becoming either sceptical or protestant. We vow again introduce it to your notice, that you may not be ignorant of the motives wherewith lie was influenced in secularising public instruction in Ireland. Dr. Wliately declared " The education supplied by the National Board is gradually supplanting the vast fabric of the Irish Roman Catholic Church. . . . I believe mixed education is gradually enlightening the mass of the people, and that if we give it up, we give up the only hope of weaning the Irish from the abuses of Popery. But I cannot venture openly to profess this opinion. I cannot openly support the Education Board as an instrument of conversion. I have to light its battle with one hand, and that my best, tied behind me.''—Life, by his aughter. And to bring about this, he was aided by a ichly-endowed Board, of which he was a ember. Of course the poverty of the people against whose faith he conspired and intrigued was duly calculated upon as a help towards the godless end he aimed at. Blessed be God!—who never fails to protect His own—the nation's Catholic faith, which had for centuries so triumphantly withstood confiscation, loss of life, and liberty, defeated this clever and subtle plot, secretly devised against her. We liave no wish to fallout with those who sincerely believe in a secular system of education, provided they confine it to such as agree with them, and do not force it upon us. It is a tyranny and an oppression of the most galling kind to seek, by legislation, to crush the claims and convictions of conscience. We have resisted, and ever shall resist, any invasion by law on religious and civil rights. Each one is entitled to his opinions, and to propagate them by fair and honest discussion ; but no attempt should be made to compel others, unconvinced of their soundness, to adopt them, because they happen to be in a minority. We have too long fought this battle of education against those with whom religion is in disfavour, and whose views and hopes seem to be entirely of this world; or who seek to subvert iu our own little ones the faith we love more than life, whilst undermining the good morals, which make it meritorious unto that happiness we hope to enjoy in another and a better state—to strike our colours now because a mere majority wills it. We, dearly beloved in Christ," are engaged in a good conflict, iu which the living God is our judge; the Holy Spirit directs our efforts; and the reward of victory is an angelic life in heaven—eternal glory"—TertMian. But no small share of the victory will be long to the persons having the control and management of our schools, private and public. With them rests the responsibility of the instruction, religious and secular, therein imparted by them; and great will be their accountability if they fail, through their own fault, in this solemn and public trust. On their consciences is, then, the weighty obligation of educating the children committed to their care, to be good Christians, and useful and intelligent citizens. Beligion and society expect this of them. To this end they have been elected to the important and roost influential office of teachers to out Catholic youth; and on the success of their efforts will, in a great measure, depend the triumph of our denominational opinions on education over the purely and exclusively secular. But to inculcate on the children good morals, so essential to holy faith, they must carefully cultivate their own, and thus, by example, illustrate and enforce what they teach. And to the clergy appointed to supervise the. public education of the schools it especially belongs, as a duty of conscience, to take heed that the teachers in our schools are religiously as well as intellectually qualified for their position. Of the latter, they can easily satisfy themselves by the certificates issued to each by the Government board of examiners. But no intellectual attainments will satisfy when the religious and moral character is faulty. Our anxiety for the proper educational training of the Catholic youth of the dioccsc is considerably relieved by the presence amongst us of the Jesuit Fathers: so distinguished sinec their order was founded for their efforts in the cause of education. They have already done much in promoting it in this diocese ; and, ere long, we trust they will be able to realise their own most ardent wishes, and Catholic expectation, with regard to the yet unsatisfied want of a College for resident students. The Christian Brothers, too, have coine in to help us in this all-important need of education. Thus favoured, our children can not, God willing, go much astray; and parents and guardians of children baptized in the Church can not, without shame and treason to that Church, commit those children to the teaching of schools alien from and hostile to her. At all cost, we must have Catholic teaching for our Catholic youth, that they may through life hold fast to the faith once given to the Saints, and which has been handed down to us, in spite of persecution and the injustice of penal laws;—a convincing proof that it was esteemed the greatest treasure, and the only road to Heaven—"without faith no one can be saved." A word to masters and mistresses on the duties which are expected, nay, demanded from them by Religion, in reference to the spiritual well-being of their servants. We have reason to believe that those duties arc by many either totally neglected, or but indifferently discharged. Servants being of the household, share with the children the religious and moral care with which parents watch over the lafrjer; and to deny them this is to incur the severe condemnation pronounced by St Paul in the following passage :—"If any man have not a. care of his own, and especially of those ef his house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel." (I. Tim., v. 8.) If they believe Faith to be necessary for salvation,"they will take heed that none under their carc, through their negligence or wilfulness, fail in cultivating this in dispensable grace. They should have every facility and reasonable opportunity allowed them of approaching Sacramental Confession and Holy Communion; as also of assisting at Mass and Instructions, on all Sundays and days of obligation. And should it happen that all could not be safely from home at the same time, then such as had to absent themselves should attend to those sacred duties on the first opportunity offering. Where many masses are celebrated, as in Melbourne, the neglect of hearing Mass IS inexcusable. All SUSIness should be suspended during the time of public prayers and instruction in the church on the days reserved by precept for Divine worship. Of this obligation, all masters, and those who have authority over others, should be observant; as in the day of judgment they will have to render a very strict account to the just Judge, Father and Master of all. There should be family prayers in every house, and a cJiapter from some good book read, morning and evening of each day (if circumstances allow of it.) Wc would recommend to the faithful a frequent perusal and study of the lives of the Saints, that they might be moved to imitate, in as far as in them lay, their example. Where catechism is not publicly taught, or whepe the parents live a long way from the hurch, or school-chapel in which it is, they should assemble the household, with the view to instruction in the Christian doctrine; it is a duty which all should cheerfully engage in, hatever their talents or position, when in uthority over others. To teach the ignorant he way to Heaven, is the highest of all eaching, to which the intelligent aud intel-1 lectual might worthily devote a little of Sunday's leisure. Great indulgence granted by the Church to those^ho). and to those who teach this, the science o| Saints; and it is by a faithful observe, this domestic devotion and religious i™ tion that children become a blessing to j parents, and domestics true to their en» ments, and the confidence which is a^j rily reposed in them. To children and servants, we address i selves in the language of Holy Writ, • dren honour your parents, that yon mat long lived in the land which tlie Lorj' give you."—Exod., xx. 1.)—'"Servant obedient to your masters, with feai trembling, in the simplicity of your, serving with a good will as to the £ knowing that whatsoever good thing anv : shall do, the same shall he receive" from Lord."—(Eplis., vi. 5-8.) Obey all their commands, be jealous of the trust they i in you ; but be careful not to imitate» ever is sinful or reprehensible in their ii Insist on your right to serve God, that may save your souls; aud remain innofm denying the free exercise of this right, no worldly gain or wages will compensate the spiritual loss 3 r ou sustain in not i able to do so. " What doth it profit a m s he gain the whole world and suffer the Jos his own soul ?" (Matt, xvi., 20.) But i unfrequently happens that some nmon« fail to claim this liberty of conscienccbirthright of the children of God—» others abuse it unto their shame and spirit ruin. Many and subtle are the snares female virtue and innocence, in this coin and these are chiefly confined (though solely) to the dance-house, the theatre, i the exhibition halls. To the youth of both sexes we say,; such places as you would fly from a _ house ; they are as fatal to your virtue'as latter to your life. "He that loveth dang says the prophet, shall perish in it." (Eci iii., 27.) In conclusion, we recommend the Cle to be mindful of our afflicted brethren, i fined by sickness in the hospitals, and t up in the prisons. They are not free to you in the churches and chapels especially apart for the administration of the sacramt so necessary for their salvation ; it is, tlii fore, your bounden duty to visit them,iutl state of helplessness, not only during holy season of Lent, when they should pare for the Easter Communion, but at 1 once in every month, or in every week ivl the duties of your missions permit, thatil may be comforted by your advice, aud ( soled, and strengthened in their faith i all tempations, by a participation in Sacraments of Penance aud Holy Commuiii They should, where and when pos afforded the opportunity of assisting at Holy Mass, if not on Sundays, then on s day in the week. For the strict and faith discharge of this most important duty wci hold you responsible to Him who sail" was sick and you visited me ; I was in ] and you came to me." Matt, xxv.) " I slow to visit the sick, for by these things tl shalt be confirmed in love." (Eccles. vii., We most earnestly recommend to then and well-to-do amongst us, our Orphanag Magdalen Asylum, Reformatory, the dustrial Schools at Melbourne ana Gccloi as also the collections made from time to ti in aid of the Catholic Association, wt irovides for the support of the education Ilonie of Priests for this Diocese, and tow the education and maintenance in the Dioc< of those who, -without means of their o« wish, in accordance with their vocation, devote themselves to the Sacred ministry In addition to these appeals to support, calls will be made upon.yon, increased church and school accommodate all of which will have our most hearty ourrence, and, wc trust, your gene sympathy. The claims of the poor, too, are pressi aud will, it is to be devoutly hoped, favourably admitted, and generously vided for.—" Let your opulence supply t want." (1 Cor. viii., 14.) It is as a gri crime," says St. Ambrose, " to reti necessaries to the indigent, as to rob the ri (Ser. 81, B. 5, p. $98.) We most earnestly, in all charity, im' our Catholic ladies of this city and sub® to organise themselves into a society fori relief and spiritual comfort of the needy*' afflicted among us. Hitherto, this duty Christian charity has been to a great cxt< overlooked, and by many ignored. The great want of a Catholic.LabourM> for females, out of which they may be iu" into safe and respectable families, has long under consideration. This most important need was to have I* 1 supplied in Melbourne by the religious our Lady of Mercy ; and some efforts to so have been made; but it is still, we o say, an unaccomplished mission. May God's blessing and grace be with J 1 JAMES ALIPItTS, BISHOP OF MELBOUBSI' Given at our Residence, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Quiuquagesima Sunday, 18(39. J. FITZPATRICK, VrcAB GENBSH' 