«?«========== , .. . ENGLAND AMD AMERICA. .. (From the Spectator.) Thc letter from tho sobor and thought- ful "New Tort correspondent of tho Daily News, printed last Tuesday, gives a complexion to the obaractor of Mr. Sumner's speech which rondara it imperative un thc friends of the North in England to mako it quito clonrin Amorioa what must bo the in- evitable result of any kind of demand based on Mr. Sumner's prinoiple. ~ In discussing his speech lost week wo were anxious to do full j UB ti co to tho American no less than to the English side of the question, and gave bur own view of the equity of tho contro- versy. "But we did not then seriously con- template even the possibility that America " would take up practically the attitude which Mr. Sumner indioated as tho only ono sho ought to take up, if the question wore to be re-opencd at all. Wo bad then no real fear that it evor would be re-oponod by Amorioa, if it could only bo 10-opened in such a tone as that. But thc New York correspondent of tho Daily Ne AS, who is about the soberest as well as tho most instructed and intelligent Englishman in America, evidently entertains a different impression. He expressly Btatos tbat in his opinion Mr. Sumner's speeoh certainly oonvoys General Grant's view ns to "what ought to bo done," which of oourso means a great deal more than as to tbe ideal attitude whioh ought to bo assumed. " Altor sifting the whole matter as muoh as one oan, ono may say that what will have to bo dono to effect a settlement is to offer an apology or some expression of regret for what hns happonod, as Canning did when tho Leopard 13rod on the Chesapeake), and then boarded her and took away part of hor crew .... It may not seem that tho Alabama . grief oan be compared for a moment with tho Chesapeake grief, but then you must remember that, Americans l)Bing now vory muoh stronger than they wero then, will not stand as muoh-are, in short, much touchier." " Then, ns to the amount of damages, it is evident that some- thing is cxpootcd and will be insisted on over and above payment for the ships ao tually destroyed, something, in short, by way of compensation for the ships driven from tho 6ca. Grant is reported to havo said tb nt ho would conaidor tho cost of oarrying on the war for ono year about the right amount for England to pay, and ono hoars the same thing in private conversa- tions." Now, suoh statements as these coming from such a quarter are about tho most se- rious facts that we have had to consider in England sinoo tho Trent affair. Let us, at all events, make it porfeotly olear to the United States what is tho maximum oonoes sion whioh tho heartiest English frionds of the North would over think for a moment of advising,-and what part of suoh domands as theso would be resisted with the full, unanimous, and oven indignant energy of tho whole English nation. "Wo, for our parts-and thero is, wo imagino, a considerable number of English- men who would go with us in this, though" we oan hardly venturo to assert that Parlia- ment would give a majority to such a pro- posal even if mado by tho Government should not feel the slightest hesitation in ex- pressing tho most emphatio and frank regret for that miscarriage of our own law whioh led to tho escape of- the Alabama, and for any langour or failure of legal judgment whioh may have been shown (if any such langour or fail uro of legal judgment can be established), in not afterwards stopping her on tho coast of "Wales, or arresting her in our colonial ports. That was a miscarriage of law, and it was a miscarriage doubtloFB moro or less duo to an unfottunato bias of feeling, an un- fortunate partiality, on tho part of the ruling olasses of K&gland;, and it is sn quite other grounds, grounds <<f goncral international polioy (we say nothing about law,'whioh is very doubtful), a precedent of evil omen, tho repetition of whioh wo ought heartily to deprecate and preven'. And having admit- ted thus much, wo should feel, of oourse, that we were bound to aocept the logia of tho situation, and pay for such part of thc IOSBCS caused by thiB not of ncgligenoe (that is, as regards tho individual depredations of tho Alabama herself) UB could not lie fairly ascribed to the negligence of tho American navy in watching for tho Alabama-or even, to strotoh a point, for all tho losses caused by that ship, but not for those of any' of her coneorts- With regard to the Alabama herself, the oiroumstances are notorious ; that there is a strong case towards establishing negli- gence, on our part, is patent to tho whole oountry. That is not so with regard to any of her consorts, but we should be quite willing to refer to equitable arbitration, whether in any or all of those cascB the oxeoutive government had been guilty of clear negligence, and to pay for tho losses oauBod by them if that should bo deoidod against us. We hy no means say that the English Parliament would go so far as this. Wo aro far from assorting as muoh as that. But wa do say that thoro would be a very strong English party to oppose war, if peaoe or war dependod only on our oonooding as muoh as wo havo now epokon of, and that we should feol bound to protest against that terrible and immeasurable calamity with all our strength, if we oould satisfy Amorioa by what seems to us, though a generous, still not an unreasonable concession. But this we will say, that there is not a party or the inotorials for a party,-barely, we should think, ovon a group of individuals, prepared to go beyond this, Thoro is not the party or tho ghost of a party that would as muoh as oonsidor tho question of apolo- gizing for our recognition of the belligerent rights of tho South. Thors is not in nil probability in any soaioty of Englishmen, however Northern in feeling, oven a mau horo and thore who would hear of Buoh a proposition as our paying as general damages any proportion, howover small, of tho cost of the Araorloan war, on the ground that by recognising the South wo gave substance and hopo to tho rebellion, or on any o thor ground which ingenious Sonators may here- after doviso, without indignation; or who would not onoe advise war, with all its horrors, rather than submit to diotation so preposterous. We do not doubt--wo spoak aa we nood hardly Bay, without any prlvato com- munication with Mr. Bright-that Mr. Bright himsolf would rostet suoh terms as Mr. Sumnor proposes and General Grant ie said to approve, .with, positivo scorn,-that even he, n Quaker etatosman, would rather keep silent than propo&o; to avert war by any compromise so disgraceful. Wo believo the people of tho TJnitod States ought to know our true minda on this matter. "Wo aro sure that they can trust us at loast for hon- esty, moderation, and a hearty sympathy with their great oanso in tho late civil war. And we tell them emphatically that no war ever entered upon by England would be moro popular, moro heartily waged, more tenaciously prolonged, than a war to resist what wo should regard as a piece of pure dictatorial arrogance on tho part of the Union, adapted and intended either to humiliate lingland, or to acquire Ganado, or for both purposes in ono. If tho United States wish for suoh a war,-whioh we sincerely and heartily disbelieve,-thoy have only to demand reparation on the goneral principles of Mr. Sumnor's specoh, and tiny would meet with a blank refusal, whioh they could not with dignity accept ; and the end could hardly bo anything but war, and a war, moreover, in whioh England would be united as ono man,-in which there would not bo a dissentient party, hardly a dia sentiont voico. Tho United States ought at loast to know this. (i'/om thc Saturday Itcvleu:) MT. Sumner's adherents probably hopo to exoito an insurrection in Ireland, and they may congratulate themselves that sorupulous good faith prevontod England from precipi- tating tho conflict when the suooess of a more formidable rebellion in America might have been easily insured. A oivil war in Ireland would bo a greivous evil; but rebel- lion would bo perhapBmore sternly repressed when it was promoted by a foroign enemy who could givo it littlo effeotual aid. An American army' in Iroland would be moro diBadvantageously placed than an English army in Canada, and its destruction and oap turo would only involvo a question of time and of expense. The pleasure with whioh Atnorioans would regard a great increaso of tho English national debt would be tempered by aooumu1«tion of an equal burden of their own, probably at double the rate of interest. After a timo tho war would como to an end, loaving both parties injured and exasperated, although .Englishmen would not follow the American example after 1783 and after 1815, by instilling into successive generations the duty of cultivating national animosity. It may perhaps seem prematuro to anticipate hostile enterprises whioh have not yet been formally announced. It would certainly not bo expedient to engogo in a long discus- sion of painful and uncertain . contingencies, but it may boas woll that tho people of tho United States should understand that English patienoe, unexhausted by any amount of vituperation, has its limits whore language passes into notion. If tho impen- ding danger is to bo notioed at all, thors would bo little advantago in substituting fanciful risks for the praotioal objeot whioh must be contemplated by those who may wish to foroo on'a quarrel. Mr. Sumner, who is not tho less a man of groat ability because ho shows himself the implaoable enemy of England, cannot be euspectod of having really hoped to extort a con fot BI on of error and a payment of half tho cost of the oivil war. His speooh, if it is translated into diplomatio documents, will bo altered into the demand of territorial oession, which has already boen started by Mr. Chandler. Tho ooarser demagogues who wero latoly clamouring lor a recognition of tho independence of Cuba have, since the delivery of Mr. Sumner's speech, suspended thoir demands, with the impu- dent avowal of thoir unwillingness to weaken by inconsistenoy tho argument against England. It is possible that the un- accountable outor y for vengeance may sub- side as Buddonly as it hos arisen, but there is too muoh roneon to believo that it is stimula- ted for a praotioal purpose. The oynicnl in- justice of a Power whioh will within fifty years bo tho greatest in tho world mg gests regrot rather than surpriso. (xVf io l'ork Tlmis, April 13.) Of all tho absurd projeots that are afloat, none is moro absurd than that which points to the surrender of the Canadian Provinces by the British Government in settlement of Alabama claims. Not one English newspaper nor one Cana- dian nowspaper, has given it tho faintest en- couragement. Tho Canadian journals whioh have noticed it havo done so only to soout it in indignant terms ; and wo predict that the English press will do the same when the Tribune's slatemont of the oase finds its way aoross the Atlantic What is proposed ? That England, whioh has expressed a willingness to arbitrate the matter of damages cecasioned by the rob ol pirates, shall, without . arbitration, without inquiry, cedo to tho United States its possessions on this continent, partly by way of compensation, but principally by way of atoning morally for its Bins during tho war and ovidonoing Its desiro for "a permanont and cordial poaoe." Suoh a pro- ject was never boforo heard of. It implies nothing less than pusillanimity on the part of England, and a reversal of hor whole policy, foroign nod colonial. It is not her fashion to codo toriitory. That her Govern- ment will pormit Canada and tho adjacent provinces to assume an independent nation- ality, whenever thoir pooplo io desiro, is mora than likely. That tho oonneotlon, if it oon tinuo, will bo subjeot to some important ohanges, is equally probable. But that Bbo will tender thom bodily to tho United States, with or without the oonsont of their pooplo, in settlement of tho Alabama claims, or on any othor ground whatever, cannot for a moraont bo imaginod by any ono familiar with hor history or the obarnoter of tho men who administer hor afluiré. The more pro- position is an insult co gross that neither the Gladstono Government nor any Govern- ment that may suooeod it, will even liston to it so far aa to make it tho aubjoot of negotia- tion. To oredit tho British people with a desiro for poaoa it is not necessary to assume that they aro ready for any humiliation whioh may bo suggosted to thom from thia sido of tho water. {Ntw rorkHtraU, April 15.) ? ."? Talking of tho advantages of a wac with England might astonish suoh tirald old fogies as our Scorotory of State, Mr. Fish, . t: . I, . , .. !!,;:..! - .. 1 ; > ., ? and men of tbe same narrow-minded views ; but with all ibo. horrors and oost of suoh a oonfliot thoro' oan be no doubt the result would bo of advantage to tho United States. It would put all our shipyards, workshops, and rnanufaotories in full operation ; vesso's of ovory description would spring into life aB if by magio; the ooean would soon be'oovored with Alabamas of tbe most formidable oharaoter ; British ships and commerce would be swept from every sea, and in the end this oountry would become tho first maritime nation in the world. As to war vessels, monitors, and all the other terrible naval enginos of modern warfare, we oould con struot them more rapidly than tho Monitor whioh fought the Merrimao was built, whioh only took a few weeks to preparo for the greatest naval fight in history. This oountry is comparatively invulnerable to British armies or Beets, and a war would leave us in the position England was in aftor she destroyed the Spanish Armada and tbe fleets of Holland, the first naval and marí- timo nation on the globe. Wo say nothing of the British possessions in Amerioa, which would necessarily bo lost to England and ba como a part of this republic, nor of tho thousand millions of Amerioan bonds and securities held in that country, whioh would bo rendered valueless. We look only at tho question as affecting our shipping in- terests and manufactories. But there is no reason to believe England would go to war with tho Unitod States. She is too wise for that. Still, war orno war, it is absurd, cowardly, and an insult to tho Amerioan people to talk bf fearing suoh an event. Any publia man who gives expression to fear, as Mr. Seorotary Eish has, ought to bo kioked out of ofBos without a moment's hesitation. fNcw york Hound Table, nf au 1.) We hold that England has often treated this oountry with unjustifiable arrogance, and admit, while we regret, that this has generated animosity in tho hearts of most Americans towards the mother oountry which leads our oountrymen tobe only too ready to seek occasion for misunderstanding. If thia animosity must lead sooner or later to war, however, we freely acknowledge that wo should profcr the United States to have a sounder cause of quarrel than is now likely to grow out of tho Alabama olaims. We are disposed to go as far as any in sustaining with jealous solicitude the national honour, but we doubt whether that honour demands greater oonoessions from Great Britain than wera obtainablo under the provisions of tho Johnson-Claren- don treaty ; we doubt whether the English people will not be of a very obstinate opinion that that treaty conceded as muoh. aa their own national honour will allow; and we doubt whother Mr. Motley, great as is our respeot for his abilities, oan make any better arrangement with Lord Stanley or bis pos- sible successor than did the muoh-revilod Mr, Beverdy Johnson. 