« infallible supremacy of THE ROMAN BIS HOP." BY GAVAm. "The trumpet iblast. which has gathered an Italian -congregation- from every quarter of this 'metropolis is an event pregnant ithf vast ulterior results, .and it is now, evident that what was. at first only a poli- tical sentiment is.fast assuming the form of a religious persuasion, fully developed and organised under the apostleship of an able and vigorous champion . The enthu siastic adhesion of his auditory, now swelled to. the full dimensions of a Chris tian church, and the ready adoption of I) js .views by every intelligent Italian who takes , the smallest interest in revealed faith,-, has concentrated here the hopes and prospects of a nation. When, at the close of . this appeal, the Father broke forth into a strain of highly devotional elo quence, the visible emotion in the crowd responsive to his efforts to evoke a deep and solemn: recognition of belief in a Re deemer .and the great atonement on Calvary gave convincing proof of the vivi fying'. influence he can exercise over the minds and hearts of his countrymen. "How did this ultramontane system originate ? If you open the ponderous, tomes of its official expounders, you will learn, with awe and a suspicion of blas phemy that the creator in the Book of Gtirses foreshadowed tlie Vatican's, supre macy wlun He made the sun an emblem of tue Papal power, and the moon a sym bol of temporal authority, which is but the reflex of tho former — kings being more planets, who revolve in their orbits round the central luminary, and shine only with derivative light; the fact being that this : Papacy is but the ghost of the old Roman Empire —a hobgoblin made up of -a, lantern and white sheet, squatting in the graveyard of the seven hills — a phan tom formidable to. ignorance alone. In the du-t of Paganism it picked up the words Pontifcx Alaximua, a fragment of imperial pictensiohs, and turned it to. ac count, as it did other shreds aud patches of idolatry. To the system of centralisa tion, ot which the Roman empire was the mighty model, was traceable the notion of absorbing tho whole Christian episco pacy in one bishop. A primacy of honour and simple precedency, freely granted towards the decline and fall of the Caesars, was enlarged and expanded at their dis appearance into, tho full inhoriianoo of their autocracy, and the good-will of the premises in which they carried on busi ness , passed .into the hands of their suc cessors, with ils concomitant monopoly. Away with the pretext, of Peter aud his '.vansformation into a rock to support a superstructure of delusion ! Is Christ to be thus thrust aside? Can any man SHsert , ' any, other foundation than that which has been placed in Jesus ?' Is Ho not the corner- stone whom the builders rejected? Did Isaiah and David pro phesy in vain? Did Paul mislead the Ephesians and Corinthians on this very, point, on which ho is so explicit, as to the foundation-stone of the Christian edifice? To Christ is the church espouscd> not to Peter Christ is the supreme head of the auiyersal church, not any of his twelve ftpostles." The father proceeded, on the assump tion, that a body can have but one head, to describe the monstrous chimera which Horace in. his ,' Art of Poetry " ridicules, Ioman casuists : have . reproduced— i;he.p,re, tended headship of Peter combined . with the admitted headship .of Christ ; a iiort,of bifurcated neck, with the crown of tuorns .on one brpw and the.pompous tiara on a , rival, , forehead, after, the fashion of iho-; Austrian eagle— an: object equally abominable. He asserted the perfect ?< juai\ty as to jurisdiction and inspiration f'f Christ's . twelve apostles,, maintained that .Christianity in its origin was much more a republic , than -a monarchy.' All we read of its simple organisation, its popular elections, r. its . elders, overseers, dcaqons, utterly demolishes the notion .of a centralised despotism,: either ah Antjoch : or Rome. The possibility of a quasi-presidential, power entering into the goheme of ii& constitution Was barely admissible y the idea of an all-absorbing authority in . any of its bishops was totally,!:, irreconcilable with- the tenpr of tlje . Acts of .the Apostles and the early trnterB,- of church history j -The Christian fipiMopacy, derives: its functions 'and' its pghts diroctly from 'God; notthrough the mteipjdium; ofcatiy : brother 'bishop, be: he the East or -Patriarch of the ir est, r- This latter title : was kccorded to c ordinary of , Rbme' Witliont' mnrffiiir, ' and in:defereiiee to the importance of the : city' in - which he resided; bat the style of ' '-oecumenical patriarch .' was only first granted: by the Emperor Phocas to Boni face IV. in 607. : Phocas was the real founder of this fabric of fraud, though no monument proclaims it save a column in' : the Forum ; hut patriarchs, like bishops, often forget their maker. Phocas not only gave Boniface, whom ho had known at. Constantinople, his cast' off appendage of Pontifex Maximus — of no use to tho original owner— but also Lauded him over the Pantheon, another pagan property un productive to its imperial proprietor, and symbolical of Rome's . old assumption of universal supremacy over the idolatrous rites of the world. Many other historic details illustrative - of the gradual encroachments of the Roman bishopric, first over the neighbouring sees of Italy, and next of France, were rapidly sketched by the speaker, who bought the annals of usurpation down to the present day, when' Rome had succeeded in. getting into its own management the exclusive appoint ment of bishops in Asia, Africa, and America. In Europe alone it encoun tered resistance, and had to higgle and bargain with conflicting autocrats for a share in the enslavement of the church which had originally elected its own bishops throughout all Christendom, the Papacy itself being elective in the people and clergy of Rome, not, as now, an ig noble game of intrigue among bloated car dinals and corrupt diplomacy. The origin of concordats was described, and these ne gotiations denounced as the device of two rival despotisms, to rivet closer the chains of doubly-enslaved Christianity. True to their worldly and secular derivation, mitres tyrannised in the interest of kings and rotnanized in 'that of popes; so inuch so, that when the present unhappy occu pant of the principal biobopric in Chris tendom showed a brief volleity of honest dealings and liberal tendencies, the whole episcopacy betrayed strange misgivings: and now that, the dog has returned to his vomit their uneasiness is changed into piaudits of congratulation. He has re newed the old league with the world's des pots ; aud a new tariff of commercial in terchange is struck between the Vatican and Vienna. The famous journey of Pope Rraschi to the Austrian capital, in the vain hope of cajoling Joseph II. into complicity with the Roman court's ma noeuvres, was graphically set forth, and the the annual claim of a white palfrey in. homage from Naples contrasted with the mend cant appeal for shelter at Gaeta. and the subsequent grovelling servility to tho most brutal. of the besotted Bourbons. Alternately a bully and a sneak, the Pa pacy dared to talk of infringement of agreements to Piedmont, when it was notorious that among the decisions of tlie rota or . High Chancery of Rome, it was formally laid down as a Papal principlo that Rome might infringe any sort of concordat distasteful to its pre tensions— a pleasant, arrangement, much like going to law with a horned poten tate in tho infernal courts. 'But the tiara confers infallibility! To illustrate which the Gospel shows us Peter a recreant to Christ in the vestibule of Caiaphas, stumbling on the very threshold of a long career, for liis presumed, successors. Is it not to the body of the episcopate that the promise of Christ . belongs, that he will be with, them to the consummation of ages ? Has. the gigantic mind, of Bossuet la boured in vain to bake this clear ? Is it , not laid down by the Council of Constance, when rival Popes were at loggerheads, and in tho Council, of »asie : js not tue assumption or, the Pope's individual liability to . err the rationale of every church assembly, from that of Jprusailem to that of Trent? If the Fifth General Council condemned the doctrine, of Pope Vigilus,. and the Sixth the. Mouotholitc vagaries pf Hoi norius, it was apparently that those functionaries, were in the. wrong. If Formosus, _ Sergius, and 'Stephanus re-, ceived similar rebukes, it was probable that they were bankrupt in ; tha faith lather. Gangnelli in ust have, been falli- W® ,h?|5 'hull of reprobatioq against Jesuitism, or .else Chiaramoate in again whitewashing the putrid sepulchre which hiS| predecessor destroyed. We have a incoipinon ; prayer called a Bfe ;iary, yrliieh .was,', found so 9f, , « that, , £iu?; . V. . . had ,it j.r.a ..Clement- ,: fur-, Vlfl. finally cleared outi -iisr' : blun ders, though Heaven knows it teems With abundant dies ;in it3;preen:t;'itibh; stereotyped by Infallibility. ,Was the blessed Pio Noho infallible iii'! describing the matrons of Rome who bound up the , wounds of our bleeding citizens as. pros titutes ?— (immense cheering)— br; Gre- : gory in denouncing 'the. Bible with the ' damnable liberty of the printing press ?' How many infallible scoundrels has history : recorded in her annals ? In the Book of Wisdom it is written, chap. i. verse 4, ' In malcv'olam animam non introibit sapientia nec habitabit in corpore subdito peccabit' This" book is apooryphal with us, but not in the Roman canon pf Scripture.) Dies not this text annihilate the claim of thirty or. forty at least of the more notorious transmitters of infallibility ? Yet these men : in their lifetime were; dubbed ' his Holiness'-- 11 Sanlissimo ; a word, in Italy, either un derstood to mean the sacramental elements rf Christ's body, or tlie carcaso of a Borgia. Come to Rome. Yon ' gaudy chariot is the equipage of the Santisaimo ! Yon flunkey, nsantissimo atendant. Yon beautified Swiss mercenary, asantissimo janissary. Yon cook is concocting a san- tissimo pranzo to pamper the santisaimo paramour of a sister in the case of Donna Olimpia, or a daughter in that of Donna Lueretia. ' It would be scarcely fair to claim infal libility for the late aggressive proceedings against England, because, though called a motu proprio, the brief .is entirely the work of three confederates, Cullen Ulla- thorne, and Wiseman, and may be justly deemed surreptitious, in addition to inso-. lent aud insidious. The farce of compli mentary addresses between Westminster and Armagh, the interchange of, recipro cal laudations between the intrusive, primate and tlie obtrusive cardinal, would be ludicrous, were it not. a dismal and woful proof of the credulity of the Roman Catholic population of both islands. One tells the other how the rescript is ' won derfully calculated to advance the inter- e«ts' — of religion, he says ; but we know what that means. In the simplicity of ignorance, the honourable . . legislator, Philip Howard, ' knows nothing of the court of Rome in contradistinction to the church' of that name. He finds no men tion ofvit in his credo, because the symbol of the Apostles never contemplated a court ; therefore the ambition of cardinals does not scandalise Christendom with all its profanities, intrigues, and traffickings, its chierci.di antieamera, its bussolanti, its prelati di mentelone, its Knights of the Golden Spur, and tho piimo, with the whole machinery and mockery of courtier- ship.' Tho Father went on to complain of the malignant whisperings which pious calumny had circulated about himself. That ho was engaged in forming a wealthy alliance with some imaginary object of conjugal attraction, and that his London mission to the Italian exiles was to end like all comedies, in matrimony. Ho re cognised the sons of Escobar in tlie con coction of this venomons tale, but he would. tell he was wedded ; ay, ; to. the land he loved, and the hopes he cherished of its approaching deliverance from th ccanaglia of Croats, and. the Jesuitaglia ,of the com fessional. IIo had intended to increase his labours among his countrymen by preaching on Wednesdays, and would do so next week, with God's blessing ; but the coming Wednesday he saw appointed for the holding of an Italian meeting, to protest, against the. Papal Sovereignty;1 and the late.aggressiin- on English rights by that foreign power ; he would waive1 liis claim in the presence of such a lauda- KIa nr»rl Iniifllv < v«.v«r»v« . piuieut, meant to shame the slaves who, at the bidding pf Austrian underlings, misrepresented the feelings of Italy in Theobald's Road some time ago, and grovelled at tho foot of n reactionary. .throne. . The concluding por tion of the Father's discourse waS purely pf a devotional character, as indicated ' in the commencement of our report,1 and em bodied feelings and thoughts which, we respect too deeply for newspaper insertion. The impression was onb of heartfelt sym pathy with the enthusiastic preacher. The 'Mormons, it .is; reported, . are now I discussing the question of the propriety of abolishing polygamy, and David Smithy thp son of the, well-known Joseph Smith, the founder of the sect, has been donoun- cing thc praotice in. his aermons lately de livered at Salt Lake City. Brigham : Young, the present leader, who professes,. ;to hold power in trust for . David Smith, is also reported to have told Mr. Colfax, two years ago, that it was not improbable a hew revelation might be received 'abol ishing polygamy., Under these ciroum-' stances a change in the institutions. :of- the Mormons may be expected. The Pa cific Railroad has been completed, and the difficulties experienced in 1857, in send-" ing out troops and supplies' to Utah, will not be incurred. . Polygamy is forbidden by the laws of the United States ; the ' present or future administrations may en- ' deavour to enforce the statute, and the ' success of the United States army will be ; eertitin,: Again, the Mormons desire, to - build a railroad from Salt Lake City to . Promontory Point, and assistance in land'1 grants and bond from the government , cannot be asked for unless obedience be > promised to the laws. The ourren t of : emigration is also bringing settlers around Salt Lake, and the isolation of the Mor- : mon community cannot be preserved. As < far as the: dispute in the sect is concerned f David wmith is reported to be a man of education and influence, is under 30 years of ags; while Brigham Young is ignorant and his powers are on the decline. The ' .influence of-tbe. reform party, it is eup- ' posed, will be very great, and will affect a - change in the customs. I Tbebe were two " Irish National De monstrations " in London on Sunday . j morning, August 29, in "celebration of the anniversary of the siege of Limerick,"' one in the shape of a ' monster " river excursion to Gravesend, and the other a "monster" excursion to Hampton Court " by road. .Two largo. Gravesend boats were filled by the excursionists who went to Gravesend, and a large green flag with . a harp in tho middle, aud at the bottom the inscription " God save Ireland." yvas ' placed prominently on each v< jsael. 'A crowd assembled on the pier and its ap- proaches to witness the departure. As soon as the boats had gone the majo.ity of the. spectators proceeded to Liucoln's- Inn-fields, whence the Hampton Court excursion started in about 30 or 40 vans, - the . foremost one filled with a band of r musicians. Fully one-third of the excur sionists were women, all displaying green on some portions of their dress. Both at Hampton Court and Gravesend meetings ; . were held and speeches made, urging the Government to grant an amnesty to all the Fenian prisoners. The following singular note was re- : rcntly addressed by a candidate for the . i post of chapel-keeper to the deacons of, a »> Liverpool chapel Sir and Gentlemans . ' of Committc of Ros Plase Capel,— I was here from a member that your gude father pablis that there was want a Capol Ceper for new Brasspitteraine Capel in Clarance Street, and I offers myself for plase. I r was not be member but was have it in < ray mind to offer myself and if was get c Capel I comes a. member quick sticks. I .' ' was not marcd but was. have a woman who is member in .iny minds eye to marry cr. I certifize that I will kape the Capel . awful clane — My professun is labor and I .< was work sometimes for — — — . Plase lot us no as soon as you can as I was like i to byfemish fox new hose. I wis: sit 1 -under gallery in Ros Plase, and I was to i be 29 ears, in my life. I remeno, Gentle-! 7 mans, your umble servan - — — , The Duke op Wellinoton on Roman : Cathomc. Disabilities — ' My Lords, I have r 'never objected to the Roman Catholics on ,tho ground that tlioy believe in transiibstantiation " or in purgatory, or in any other of those ; peculiar doctrines by which they are dis- tinguished ; hut I have .ohjected to the admis- I ; sion to. offices of. trust and power of persons ' believing in those ; doctrines, lecauie Vie ! ! opinions and conduct of those persons was con - ! siilered mother respects, to be inconsistent with ' the principles of jthe Constitution and the safety of ' - the Stale. . The question the n is one merely of . f expediency, and I ground my opposition not <m" any doctriual points, hut on the church govern. ' J mentpf the' -Roman . Catholic riliyiori. " j biiist ' observe that nobody can, have' looked into the1 of) transactions i , Ireland for the last hundred fifty years; witjiout at the'.saine. time see-: , . . ' r ing that the Roman 'Catholic Church has ' acted ' ' l on tfy;priiuffltiif!it tnnnbiiidtioA i&at;'ih& . hiiiationr hgsi been the instrument by.iehich'atl 'the' VuV lih& hpspteejfycted, audthatJtojthiscansela lo th'o oxiSting' statc oi things. in Delated . is. to bo- r ?'r 'Hftbuledl'June ldth, 1828. ' Bow wdl doe« >r, ... Ithw agree) With; tlie Rev. J:l>WesW,s' opinion ' ' AS) give iani ? published ihi 1700>' 'ahdioaff,— Ix t0iIt rtmb teJertactjyer,rrtR;B.;: ' 0 Mod//' ., A cfORBEsroNijENT says, there/arpo ftPi 'dnilyo YO Vi papers publislicd in this town; ' but thcro is a ladies' sewing meeting, which answers tho same purpose. The Duke of Wellington on Public Edu - cation in Ireland. — " Now I hive been in ; .ithat in several Roman Catholic Schools sSw'PtfJ'rhaye been taught to read not outof.tte Bible, but out of Panic's liight ofmany and jn books' professing to give an account of the suf ferings; : and ill-treatment which" thio1, Roman CfitMies ;of Ireland .have' exporiencbd at' the1 . Ps evident, mn ft, necessarily brepd themdpiifx di fixe 'anlrooted hatred to Pro/es/ajifj."— -April, 182Si 