Extraordinary Occurrences.—In these enlightened times it seems almost an absuridity to talk about ghosts making their appearance; but the following statement of what has befallen three respectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men referred to are splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw any thing unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush near their hut a white object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary looking object suddenly before their eyes sprung up into a white spectre about eight foot high. They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way and one another. On one occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and upon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this nor the former occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumb- founded them. Another night they were much sur- prised at seeing a strange unearthly looking animal, somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of its chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute but the shot took no effect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being dis- tinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last those men came into Young, and upon one or them returning in the evening, he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down, and the contents of the hut brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as being the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards felled a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance.—Burrangong Argus. James Thompson, who stated he was a corrector of proofs, has been sent to the House of Correction in Brisbane to await his trial for shopbreaking in that city. 