ORIGfl 00ORRESPONDENOCE. 1Mj:ii>PAST AND ~PRE-; T SENT. O gnE 4 THE KIAA O I TDEPENDENT. Sin,-T-her' is no more interestiig or instructive pge :in ecolesinastical history. than that:which ,pourtrays the' rise a'nd progress of. Wesleyan Methodism. In tracing tho course of some miglity river to its fountain.head, hs. what interest do you note each nala otter connooted with the plaeoo; T emn rooks wliich stnood around, the ? ely trees which grow upon its margi hnd ardly leoss the pebbles that.lie in ool 'waters, and' the flowers thatble n its broenst. So the very names of th venerable founder and fathers' of Met m, like household words, can noeveo ~ Vhehor: you. trace the means bI? heoy were first aroused t~aofnod'irn for. their own salva tin;?,-itho efforts they afterwards put foirth for the salvation of others; the ,ohfioietstdef b'hsgeod:io,'octho ipcrseou. tionstheoyondueore r were livered out of,?e-w'iannot fail admli~ overrul .f1 providoesee and grace of'l¶Mmighty. That Methodism was intended :from 'tho beginning to'b?' a mighty roligiousi'powdr in the world will not now be gainsaid by anyone. .And the evidence'of this design is itii;loered much more apparent,' whoe we consider:the moans by which' this vast awakening has beeoon niasintainod and ex' tended. ?John ;Wesley, the founder .of MIethddism;,was eomineontly qualified for his work. An intellent of thafirsteorder, esrpassiiigly astute and far-seeing, a rno fined and cultivated taste, and manners irt once piolished and'eapivating but dot in any, nor' in all of'thes lay 'the powei which ho!wielded. Somoeof his ontom. poraries weroe men of talents and attain. monts not less exalted than his; but'they lhavn fdilod toleavoe behind them no in fluooeeequal to his. BI3idt this power wans mnue!;moro*'remarkablo instho caSi of Mr.l Weslbgy'sfoliow-labourord than in hisown. What men they weore .withoui worldly rank, 'hnkdow*n to'name or fame,-many of theom hi~lohrn'ed, 'and desititute 'alike of influence or means; they woroelaken from the plough, the quarry, and tho mine,. from the benooof the earpenterand frSm the loom of tho weavor,-to labour in the ineyard of the Lord. And phat la bourers they weore, How truly it is sldd of them that they " turned the world upside down;" Self-denying, unwonrlod, dauntloess, with burning ardour, and queiiohless zeal,-thloy rested not until, thebo'leaven of the Gospel had beeoon dif fused throughout the land. They did the' work of Evangeliste, and made full proof of their miniistry.. Multitudes; were brought to Christ by their::instrumen tality' From England the work spread to -Ireland, to Sootland, to Ameriaon, to Afrion, and to the islands of tho son ".The Lord workilig with them, and con firming the word with signs following." " The world is my parish," said the venerable Wesley. It was no adventitious ciroumstance in themselves, or in the times they lived in', that gave them the a?eendenoy they pose aossed over their fellow men. " Theo power and the exoollenoy woro of God." Indeed, there is a roemarkable similarity hIotwoeen the Apostles of our Lord Jesus bhrist and the early methodist preachers, both with regard totheir qunalification for their work, and the suooess with which their labours were crowned. "Not by miglht nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord," was the prophe. tid announcement by the Lord himself, of the one essential and indispensable qunli floation which all his servants should pos. seoss. In oxaot neooordanoo with this was thie command of the Saviour to hIis Die oiplos, echo had bIcn toiltl him fromn the "cgitnninsg-" Tarry yo at Jerusalom, un til yo be endued with power from on high." This direotion is equivalent to a deolaration by Him, that threc ycar. of probation (and if re'ce, any numbelr mor'e) oevens under IIis own eye and train. ing, under hie own grnoo and disoipline, will not fit a man, or any man, for tho ministerial office, without the crowning gift ofihe Holy Ghost. Hear His own words--" It is expedient for you that I 4o away: for if I go not away the Com fprter will not come unto you; bhot if I depart I will send Him unto you. And whonHo is come He will convince the sv6rld of sin and, of righteousness, and of iidgment." And thoe Apostle Paul him. self traoes his suceoss to this very source. He says: ",For our Gospel came not unto you" in word only, hbut also in' power, and iB the Holy'Qhost, and in much assur a?h'e." Endowed with this gift, those darly preachers and apostles oould.not labouur in hin. "And it' shall come to pass in the last days," saith God, " I will pour out of my Spirit upon iall flesh; and your sons and.your daughters shall pro. phesy, and your young men shall see ovsisons, and your old men shall dream dreams:' and on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour.out of my Spirit in those days, and they shall prophesy." " And it shall come to pass tliat whosoever shall 0all on the name of the Lord shall be saved." i This blessing is the want of the age weo live in-the one want of God's Church, No man, no ministor, no church can get on without it, whatever may be the learning, or the talents, or the eloquence of the one or theoother. Noecreed or ritual, no performance' or pageant can possibly constitute a servioe or the man who acts' lthom-iiin the abhence of it a servant of the Almighty. 'Who to whom God has given .the knowledge of His gmrae,'does not'see, does not feel that thie m`oral impotenoy of' the Ohuroh in the present day, lies in the faet;:that this transosnding:blessing is withheld ?' 'How an an'?hurch exist, much less prosper, which is thus 'deserted by the Holy Ghost, and desolate?. Like a country upon whilch the anger.: of an bffonded Deity' rests, from whilch the rain of Heaven has been withdrawn, for weeks, or months, or years, until water and sos: tenanoeoare gone, and dyinog oattle and despairing men fill;the air with groans and lamontations,.-a church unblest bhe. eomes but a charnel house, of the dead and 'a plague.spot of the living. Reserving a few remarks upon the other part of this subjeoot for a future issue, I am, Sir, yours faithfully,. SJOHN EMANUEL SMITH, "u, 1h 1. Termite Hill. January, 1?5th, 1869. 