MAXIMS BY A MAN OF THE WOBLD. IF the fastidious reader is not quite satisfied with the title of the following papers, he ami'their author are so far agreed. ' Maxims,' too commonJy pretentions, and yet dull, are' not in ; general an, attractive - sort of litefat-ure; and the term, 'a man of the W'srU/ is generally applied to one whose absence the world inay not only easily endure, but ba all the better for it. Still, it was necessary to fic upon some title for a \- aeries' of Occasional papers which should convey the experience of one well versed in human affairs to his fellow-creatures, andOR that most fitting one of' Ecclesiastes' or the \- Preacher,' has been pitched upon by a previous'writer, it" wias necessary to select some other. i In intention at least, we are equal to Solomon, since our object is to teach folks ' How to get on in the Worldand without acknowledging the authority of "the audacious' J. P,'Robinson, he,' (of the Biglow Papers), to the effect that ' they didn't know everything'done in Judee,' it must be allowed that during • the many centuries which have intervened since the days of the wisest of kings, the ocean of life has a good deal altered, and that the mariner (notwithstanding thirty-six editions of Mr. Tuppcr's Proverbial Philosophy) needs a new chart to steer by. Many an old inlet has been silted up, many a new one found; islands of promise have sunk, and others risen ; rocks against which the ancient gallies split have no existence, while others present themselves jagged and perilous as ever; some, again, though standing,- have so changed their shape, that they are no longer recognisable, while everywhere beneath the treacherous surface lurk new dangers, not seldom without even a breaking wave to mark them. MONET. In Accordance with the taste of the time, we place this subject first.: The acquisition of money is of great, but pot of paramount importance. You may, in City phrase, be a very ' warm' man, and yet have purchased that flattering title by the sacrifice of all that is worth living for —Love, Friendship, Health, and all the finer capabilities of pleasure: You may be ' good for one hundred thousand pounds,' and yet, in the judgment of all whose opinion is worth having, be a wretched bankrupt. ' A beast,' in the expressive language of the frank and impulsive, you also do in reality resemble: that sort of beast, such as a deer (although it is probable you are not 1 BO picturesque), which, while alive, is useless, but when dead will cut up remarkably fine. It is not a pleasant thing to be looked upon as venison ; something that will some day afford a slice apiece to ati immense number, of ungrateful relatives, my thrifty friend (for you are just the sort of a fellow to die intestate), but in the meantime is a herdabandoned. quarrefaome, bad old buck, with whom (although anything but amorous) it seems always the amorous 'season. True, few persons venture to inform you of this unpleasant fact, but you yourself well know that when you are not shunned, you are fewoedupon; that your humours are borne with not from that precious love, no ' jjlum* fcan buy, that is blind to faults, but from the greed that speculates upon your dying hour. Nay, it may happen that some expectant heir, whom you have worked out of all patieiicej may turn like the trodden worm, and tell you for once the truth. There was once a baronet of tnv acquaintance, whpse title was bestowed upon him I think, by George IV. (if he had made him a gentleman as well as a baronet I should have believed in the Divine Right of kings), a gross, rude, ignorant man, fort whose money grew and grew like a snow-ball (except that it never .melted), and it was all his own, bo£h to liold and leave behind him. Now,, this man had a certain slave, his nephew, who bore with bis black looks, his biting words, hislcfuel caprices, as long as Jacob- toiled for Leah, expecting to get Rachel Seven -years of. bondage, and at the end of theui his reward—Sir Plutus, shaking his own fat sidea with piocking laughter, ttadfe l»im r ihe ; confidant of his approaohing marriage. The wretched young man, driven by these tidings to despair, and writhing tinder the immediate lash, of his uncV.s sporn, -determined—like some criminal condemned to die- upon the morrow, who pups en prince—to enjoy himself for one brief quarter of an hour,"come what might. So he told Sir Plutus wAa^Aa thought of - him, without softening a.single jidjective, or picking out delicate Bjtionym8 for his nouns. Heliogabalus (for the baronet was a great eater), always accustomed to dainty dishes, and a total stranger to plain food of this sort, literally choked with indignation, fell into a fit upon tno spot and died. Sir SScattercash, (the nephew and one of the last occupants' by the by, of the King's Bench Prison) used always to speak of this incident (which gave him ten thousand a year) with pathetic regret; ' I might have saved myself seven years of slavery—for my uncle was always of that full habit—by telling the truth at once:' Surely no man would wish to be a Sir Plutus. ' Getting on in the worjd,' notwithstanding there is a growing opinion to the contrary, is not a convertible phrase for. ' getting money.' I know a man who began life with fifteen thousand pounds, and who, notwithstanding that he well knows how 1 * money breeds,' IINS How but twelve thousand. • I once heard a practical acquaintance of hia remark Upon this circumstance :' , Then you have actually gone back in the world !' to which he only replied:' Yes,' with a pleasant smile. Now, that smile, as I happen to know, meant something as follows. He had repaired the broken fortunes of two brothers.- He had; acted for three wards as their man of business, putting out their little money to the best of his advantage; if the scheme prospered,' they reaped all the advantage; if it failed, he paid the losses. His relatives, numerous and poor, looked up to him for counsel (ah, how different from that advice gratis which has become a byword!), as to a wise and liberal father. Upon. the road of life, he had given scores of fellow-passengers a helping-hand, so that they remembered the day on which they had met their unknown friend, and blessed it. All who know Kim honour him, especially those—and here is the crucible—of his own household. He sees (we may humbly say, although these maxims are meant but for temporal use) the Golden Gates always open s before him, and his angel Waiting there, crown in hand, to meet him. Do not suppose, therefore, that that diminution of his original property was only to be represented by minus. That very smile of his—the being able to smile, I mean—was worth (although it would have been a waste of words to have tried to persuade his practical acquaintance of the fact) far more than three thousand pounds. He has not gone back in the world/ notwithstanding that pecuniary deficiency ; he has got on so far, and yet so stnoothly and well, that he is well-nigh to Heaven. It is by no means argued by the abive narration that a man should strip himself of his means in order to help others. If you have two coats—that is, 'an overcoat—it is well to give one away, provided that the recipient is deserving of it; but if you have but one, I by no means recommend your reducing yourself to your shirt-sleeves. If you entertain so unselfish an impulse, it is probable, that you are better fitted to wear a coat—to occupy a position, that is, of superior usefulness—than the man who has none. Money is power; and while you have it, you may exercise a wise benevolence ; but if you pftrt with it, in the lump, to others, it may be used by no means to the public advantage. At the same time, in giving, give largely; not mere driblets, which, like the slender draught that makes the drinker the more thirsty, only transform the needy in habitual beggars. But it may here be said:' Spending is easy, Mr. Preacher; tell us how to get money.' Well, that is easy enough too. If you really have your heart, or what you call your heart, resolutely fixed oh money-getting I know nothing easier; for that masterpassion destroy sail other passions (as 'well as the virtues). He who craves for money for money's sake will stint, and spare, and screw, and think nothing of the inconveniences to which he submits'himself; he has no other temptations who studies to be a rich man ; the attention of his mind is never taken off by such trivial matters as friendship, pity, love, or the pleasures of literature and learning;.so that, Booner or later, he is perfectly certain to succeed, and always does so,; I have never known a single exception. Whether the golden fruit thus obtained iB not found to be filled with ashes after all, is quite another matter: Thereare, however, so mauy idle people in the world, and so many more merely indolent and procrastinating, that every man, whatever his.station, may be prosperous if only he be dilligent, and do his duty. There is no necessity for that Thrift, which, in its common acception, means something more: than; Prudence: Prudent; of course, we .must be - It is absolutely essential that we do not run into debt, or, what is almost as bad and more common, drift into it, no matter by what slow degrees. Sacrifice nothing to appearances. If the friendship of those people, who respect us only for what we have, is not worth winning (and it is not), why struggle.to .seem to have? Carriages and horses, man-servants and fine clothes, no, nor even the giving of dinnerparties, never yet made a true friend, although they have attracted many acquaintances ; and the loss of them never loBt us one who was worth keeping. To the unhappy persons who push and strive, in order to mix with those iu a higher-position than themselves, for no other reason than because It is higher—who plot and intrigue to get asked to the tables (even the sugper-tableB) of folk of title, I have not A word to say, even supposing they can afford tho expense; how much less, then, if they c&rinot; afford it. I suppose myself to be addressing reasonable beings. On your own part, however, always bfi hospitable. No one is so poor but that he can be that. The Arab, who has only his blade bread to offer, u proverbial for hospitality. And what you have to give, give equally. Don't ask the rector to dinner and. the curate to tea upon the same evening.; It is quite fashionable to do so, I am aware; but then"tashion,' unless in little matters, such SB the shape of a hat or a bonnet, is a bad guide, and (between ourselves) a very selfish and vulgar hussy. Ifyou are ever seized with a generous instinct, and is no doubt of the fitness of its object, give way to it at once. Don't take a few hours to think about it—'a night to sleep over it—and so forth. The shock of such ah^ impulse never occurs twice with the same- force ; the best time for doing a good action is very 'often the only one—namely, the present. * The recollection of it, especially if it has been attended with some self-denial, is a. joy-for ever, and worth treble the cost. The pleasant word, too, should accompany the deed, for as God loves a cheerful giver, so man appreciates a gracious one. Aid do not be too solicitous about receiving gratitude in return, for that is the behaviour of the mere patron, who invests his money to be repaid in instalments of servility. I am not preaching morality, but comfort: Iu telling you HJW to get on in the World, my lass-experienced friend, I am telling you how to get'the most enjoy inent and the least annoyance out of it; how to be truly happy at the smallest possible expense; and if my advice happens to tally with religion and morality,' do not be so illiberal as to despise it upon that account. However much you may dislike sermons, yoii cannot, 1 d6 assure you, listen to them with more impatience than I do myself. The philosophers who tell us to be Poor are as foolish (though scarcely more so) as the applaudera of the Self-made, who would havd alt men be Rich. The true wisdom lies in the prayer of Agar, which was for neither riches'nor poverty. Oue wishes that there 'was more in.the Scripture concerning this advocate of the golden mean—almost the only, what one calls, ' moderate man' of his epoch. Even now, his ideas are little' understood, or find a crude and even vicious expression in ' the Tules' of trades' unions. To possess enough, without stripping for the Btrife of competition, and to see others 'possess without envy, has both philosophy and common sense at the bottom of it, notwithstanding that its principles are made the-.stalking-horse of Idleness and Mediocrity. We often hear of the 'fatal competence' of a few hundreds a year—how it indisposes its possessor to exertion, and leads him to fold his hands, or at most, to whittle. ' But the fact is, that such an individual would do nothing if he were ten times as rich, and would certainly never acquire even the 'competence' if he were poor.: Whereas, to another sort of person, a small, but assured income is an incalculable advantage. It secures the Thinker from narrow cares, and sets him free to benefit bis kind, besides doing away with that wretched waste of power involved in his toiling for mere sixpences. The sting of poverty is as superfluous to a man of genius as -the spur to a thoroughbred. Side by side with the ' fatal competence' runs another social error; the principle that every young man, should be brought up to and even practice somo profession. Now, the object of joining any profession is, commonly, the getting money out of it, and, in the rich man's case, this is labouring for what he does not require. I do not say that it is robbing others, because a rich man's success—the triumph of an amateur over professionals—is so rare, that the examples of it may be disregarded; if it were otherwise, however, I do not hesitate to say that such competition would be shameful. • But it is not to get money,' contends the territorial magnate, or merchant-prince, ' that I place my eldest son in a profession. It is to keep him out of idleness, which is the root of all evil.' As if there was no sort of Work to be done save wearing a wig or a "sword! and, in particular, as if there was not a special sort of work for this young man to do—a special training, moreover, requisite for one in whose hands the welfare of so many will one day be placed. Political Economy, Social Justice (which includes the great Labour question, the Dwellings and Education of the Poor, and many other almost as weighty matters), and above all, Moral Responsibility—souie just understanding of these things in a young man of vast expectations,, will be of far more consequence to those dependant on him than his having passed a few years -in a cavalry regiment, or even eatenhis terms and trifled in a pleader's chambers. The Lawyer, the Parson, the Physician, do not begin to practise their trades without some elementary knowledge of them; yet the man who is called to be a Landowner, or Employer of Labour—with duties graver than all the rest—has, it seems, nothing to learn. Like Dogberry's reading and writing, their performance is expected to come to him by nature, and the consequence is, he is but too often like Dogberry in other respccfcs. Once more, to revert to Expenditure, I need not tell you, if you are a father, and have to pay his bills, to repress in your child the tendency to be lavish with monoy that iB not his own, or to be mischievous, extraxagant or wasteful. But, on the other hand, rebuke the earliest indications of meanness. A prudent child; a thrifty boy; a sordid man—these are too often life's stages. Now, there is nothing a liberal soul so loathes as a covetous one; a laid may be beautiful, studious, and agreeable, but he will never' get on in the world' (except in that wretched sense to which I have already referred) if he is stingy: no gentleman can be his friend; no woman can really love him. He may be as brave a soldier as ever drew a sword, but, like Marlborough, men will know him for a sneak, and despite him; and unfortunately, no man can help disclosing his weakness in this respect; it crops up everywhere, notwithstanding his utmost endeavours efforts to -repress it; it is as patent leaving out one's h'a. Of course, there should be a great difference in the liberalities of a family man and of a bachelor. If a man has no children of his own, nor any near relatives in need of bifi money, he is not only justified, but wall advised in spending his full income. If it is the interest of capital, more need not be expected of him than to leave that capital, unimpaired, to his distant heirs; if it is money gained by his own exertions, it is hard^ indeed, if some far-off cousin ohonld grudge him the enjoyment of it. On the other hand, a married man who spends all his income without putting anything by for his children—that is, supposing they are not otherwise provided for—is preparing for himself a day of bitter regret, and for them an evil time indee'd,.''They will not thank him for the Unnecessary comforts, the lavish plenty of their childhood. Comparison will only make their future lot more hard to hear. Yet many a man has felt genuine pity for the friendless governess or snubbed ' companion,' who makes no effort to pneseryp his own beloved offspring from the sslf-Bame fate. This may be owing to downright selfishness—unwillingness to curb his own evpenses; or to that love which loves-not wisely, but too well, and forbids him to curtail his children's pleasures, or toj impress upon them an unpleasant truth ; but more usually it is the result of indolence, dislike to change, or of procrastination. It is this last vice that 'causes scores of men to die intestate, Or, in other words; to leave a legacy of grievous wrong. A YANKEE ADVOCATE.—The following specimen of a spread-feagle lawyers' eloquence needs no comment:—*' Gentlemen of the jury, the Scriptures saith, " Thou shalb not kill!' Now. if you hang my client you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man; but is that any reason why you should , do so? No such thing, gentlemen; yob may bring the prisoner in guilty; the hangman may do his duty; but that will not exonerate you.- No such thing. In that ease you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon-his brow to-day ? Who, freemen—who in this land of liberty and light P Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie-knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumeB of cigarcases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate client and the scaly aligators of remorse will gallop through the iuternal principal animal viscera, until the spinal vertebra of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentleman, beware of committing! Beware, I Bay, of meddling with the eternal prerogative! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking time-piece of Time's theoretical transmigration, to do uo murder! I adjure you, for the love you have for the esculent and condimental gusto of our native pumpkin to do no murder! I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country—I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder! And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you—if you over expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain buffalo—and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whit tled down to indiBtinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country." The. prisoner was acquitted. ' Too MUCH FOB HIM.—Old Sam Houston, of Texas, used to make it a point to stop at Cairo, sometimes for three or four, days, on his way to and from Washington. He usually employed his time in fishing from the stern guards of a wharf boat. On one occasion of this kind he had a " set to" with a Cairo youth, which will bear telling. The youth, like himself, was fishing, Houston on the wharf boat, and the boy on a wood boat moored just below. At the interesting juncture of a " bite" at the boy's bait Houston threw out his lino, which became hopelessly entangled with that of the boy. There was a pause. Neither seemed to have a word fit for the occasion. At last Houston spoke, " Sonny, go elsewhere and fish, and then we'll avoid tangling alliances." " You old short coat," retorted this bud of promise, " go elsewhere yourself and fish." " I apprehend that you are a very saucy boy," replied the senator, " for whom there is by no moans enough rods in pickle." " Now, look hero, old Skeeziks," cried the boy, fully agitated, " I don't want to quarrel with you nor nobody like you. Your name is Sam Dawson, and you live in Texas, and, like everybody elee, you stole a boss, and had to go there. And now you are putting on a big sbino, you old thief, and calling yourself Sam Houston!" Saying which, this very amiable creature gave a «udden lurch, and pulled the honourable gentleman's rod from his hands into the river. Houston, in detailing the " set to," did it in a style decidedly characteristic. Concluding the story, he said, "Ihave met man in debate at the bar, on the stump, and upon the floors of Congress, but never was I so completely discomfited. The boy had decidedly the better of me, and from his very looks, I determined that, when he said I stole a a 'boss,' in his heart of heirt he believid it. M. DE BISMABCE.—The popular belief in Germany attributes to M. De Bismarck the characteristic trait of all risky gamblers, and has it that during the whole of the Bohemian campaign ne carried a^ loaded pistol in his pocket. It goes so far as t:> assert that there was a moment at Sadowa —the short but agonising' moment that elapsed between the- all but complete 1 repulse of Prince Frederic Charles and .the arrival of the succouring legions ofthe Prince of Prussia—when the despairing player had brought the pistol to his forehead, and almost missed the seal of immortality soon to be impressM upon its bold and broad dimensions by%bo only deity recognised in our age— TUB EIRNAESS OF AUSTEIA AND THE YIE- ONRIA CroAits.—An interesting anecdote is related of the Empress of Austria, which iH worth recording. At a recfent visit to the industrial exehition at ' Heibzing, near Vienna, Hor Majesty evinced a great iuterest iu the tobacco department. After having carefully inspected the various sorts of leaves and tlfe manufacture of cigars, Hfer Majesty suddenly ! stopped,- and addressing Horr Grutsch, : said, " Do you know what would interest me most to see ? '± should like to become acquainted with ,the Manufacture of ' Virginia' cigars, and with the leaves that are used for them.". The Empress's wish was instantly complied -with. She examined carefully 1 'the lBaveB,«and attentively watched the mating; of aicigar of them. After thfe was finished the Empress in thanking her attendants, said, " Now gentlemen,: I will tell you why I took such a great interest in the * Virginias'—the Emperor always smokes this sort." THE VALUE OE OFFICIAL STATEMENTS.— On October 6th, 1865, took place at Biarritz the famous interview between Napoleon and Bismarck, which, it is now known, settled the war between PrusBia and Austria. Three months afterwards, on January 22nd, 1866,, in the speech from the Throne the Emperor assured the French Chambers that there was no prospect anywhere of peace being disturbed! Again, ou the fith April of the same year, a Prussian note informed the Austrian Government that nothing was iurther from the intentions of HiB Majesty -the King of Prussia than an offensive altitude towards Austria. Three days later His Majesty signed a treaty of alliance, offensive and defensive, with Italy againBt Austria. SOLD.—A few weeks since a gentleman mounted upon a skeleton of a horse met anothet - who was riding a superb ' animal upon one of the bridges in Paris which cross the Seine. The gentleman laughed at the poor beast, when his rider offered to bet him a thousand fcancs that he could not do with his horse what he could'do with his poor beaBt. The bet was accepted. The poor man lifted his horse upon the parapet and shoved him into the river. —Chamber's Jour- ? —Ame/icaii paper. success'.—Revue das Deux Monies. 