LITERATURE. LUDIBBIA LTTM* In Mr. Courthope we have at last arrived at a genuine new poet, who draws his inspiration from a spring of his own, and is not an echo of one or the other of the two great living masters. It is true that this spriug is of the mildest and softest of rills, that it bubbles up with no great force of water, and makes no great head of passion, of fire, or of imagina tion. Yet Mr. Courthope is. after his kind, a true poet, and that kind is one which has grown to be rare in these days of compressed thought and crystallised expression. Where others aspire to clothe their meaning in the darkest and thickest words, Mr. Courthope is content to be simple, translucent, and in telligible. He does not pack his ideas ; together as though they were conundrums, and his object were to puzzle his reader. He lets us into his mystery at a glance, and lays his wares open for universal inspection. Leaving the field of serious and lofty verse to others, he has dedicated his muse to the cultivation of a kind of poetry which he terms the " allegorical bur lesque," of which the art has almost dis appeared from the lower world. The models which he has had before his eyes have been Aristophanes, Ariosto, Pope, and the lesser humorous poets of Italy. His aim, he tells us in his preface, has been " to reproduce to the best of my ability, in the epic style, the allegorical spirit which pervades the dramas of Aristophanes, and it appeared to me that the best way of obtaining such a result was by uniting the classical method of Pope to the manner of the Italians." Protesting that there is nothing inharmonious in what appears at first sight to be a violent association, Mr. Court hope quotes the examples of Chaucer, Spenser, and Byron, who all drew their models from Italy, as justification for himself. For the trae burlesque, which is somethingas far as possible removed from that which is'popnlarly known as such, there needs indeed no apology. From the time when men first commenced to write, the art of humorously heightening, through the fancy, trivial scenes and incidents, of giving them a fictitious dignity, of representing meh things either not existing in, or exhibited in a manner contrary to, the general order of nature, must have been cultivated and ap preciated. Mr. Courthope designates the method by which these results are produced in poetry by the name of paradox, bnt Barely that'is a misnomer. Paradox, strictly speak ing, applies only to dialectics, and not to poetfy. A paradox involves a logical con tradiction, and has nothing to do with tire I works of the fancy. The " Bape of the Lock,'' for instance, is certainly not a paradox, al though it is a burlesque of the purest order. Irony, hnmonr, wit, a felicity in apprehending gimilihnflp« in things diverse, and diversities in things apparently similar, these are among the chief elements of a trae burlesque, and it is not necessary that they should be found in a paradox. Mr. Courthope is happier in his instances than in his definitions, and pleasanter in his verse than in his prose. He has given us in this poem a very fair example of a kind of writing which, although for a long time it has wanted cultivators, can never be out of fashion. Under the title of Ludibria Lunm, \ we have a playful satire on the theme of the "Bights of Woman," in idea closely ap proaching to Tennyson's " Princess," but as far removed as possible from the Laureate's poem in its mode of execution. Taking a hint from Ariosto, who in one of the cantos of the Orlando Furitm, has described the moon as the receptacle of all human follies, and «laqj the refuge of the heathen gods, driven from i the earth by the progress of human science, ! Mr. Courthope has built up, in delicate and graceful verse, what he calls his " allegorical burlesque." The introductory stanzas may . serve as a guide to the scheme of the poet's work " Of wondrous worlds and women's wan" [An unfortunate collection of w*eto begin with] " 1 sing—how sbe, by progress driven. Baited high revolt, and when (be ban Of nature and old nee were riven, Bhe mounted to the Moon and Stirs, And dared the ailent Lords of Heaven. Do thou, wbo didst behold these Apollo, sound them on my strings. For when, by change of sun and shade, H»d toperfoction brought Frie Tracie, When none by weight or measure cheated ; Whfea each distinction, rank, add grade Was gon^and not a sewer was fetid; WhtnCapital waa friends with Labour, Aid Hire himself each loved bis neighbour; When Qatbol los (and mine forsooth l) Were starved with Hurting from church tapers; When Fancy, Liberty, and Ybuth Weroeobooled byQointo; when farthing papers Had fathoened every virtuous truth mltfifl wpoMi); When War and Murder were merestorias, And younger »onswere«U«rown Tories; When i And poetsiived like theold grasshopper; When Isirsof men talgravity FpaorfM Ml laugtogaaimproper;* Woman idone of toped wigbts, Tijopgh perfect, still had nought bnt Bights." Meanwhile the exiled gods in the moon would have^ad but adult time of it, were it hot tot the human follies which asoended thither "For Thought, that is of BOeUoe bom, * Beturn tolta ownoountryoraves, And torn man's brain set free, forlorn Flits wsnrt wring over hills and waves; Yet toeHhet in the quiet corn Finds leftttd no, nor in the grave*, YhsairWithlifeteemsaUatune;' At last it seeks the airlese moon. r thilfwiugldWords IntlmUresioftbsirm«ster;, ^h^Si^lkbtalMSmjs f&ster; ithamendu Our planet, these endure sttiaHlwtotdiMBi or the Wmofthe Women and fbui. awTsbmpifast Burlesque." By W. 1. Court £p£ LtodonT sSth, Elder, ttd Oo. 18W. At last an idea mounts up which the gods - treat at first with uncommon hilarity, until.{ they discover its gravity. It is .the idea of Cornelia, & famous champion of the " strong* I minded"—a hind of compound of Lydia Becher, Bessie Rayner Parteoa, Mrs. Jacob Bright, and Mr. Mill, who conceives a project for leading a Colony of women to the moon< in search of new modes of existence, freed from the tyranny of man. As a preliminary to the carrying out of this grand scheme, Cornelia founds a Woman's College, for the teaching of all the lunar arts, especially the process of " Moon-Flying"— * Hither, to teach us arts, shall ootne Professors from Lagado rare, Who soar through spiritland with Home, Or Zadkiel's almanacks prepare; Laws of perpetual motion some Shall show us, some the circle square, Close space in two straight lines, and strive To prove that two and two make five. Here, too, from physics we must learn To make our bodies light as dreams; Here frame a code of morals stern, Such as the lnuar world beseems. Truth's naked self we shall discern In systems, tuid such soaring schemes As by the merry Greeks were sung, And are performtd by 11 rig ham young. Then when, in abstract problems versed. We've learned onr senses to perplex. We'll mount at onoe arid dare the wont; For if good Fortune save our necks, Two worthy ends we gain—the fiat, Destruction to the hated Bex, Their wives heing gone; for ours a fame Beyond gnat Orontea's * name." The ladies approve of Cornelia's project-, with only one exception—Celia, who suggests that they should take up men with them to the moon:— " ' Though wise the plan,' she said,' and soon To be performed, in part yon stray. For if no men into the moon We take, we too must die as they. A mortal husband for no boon Would Celia honour or obey ; Tet sure the woman's but a fool Who would not wish for things to rule. Besides, who knows what spectral host The moon may breed, to life and pone 6worn foes, Cock-Horee, Hobgoblin, Ghost, Chimera, Atomy, or worse Than ever brain of childhood crossed, Or lived in legend of a none ? Say, can we hope to keep the peace Without patrols and male police T " Celia is out-voted, however, and put down by Sibylla, one of the foremost of the female re* volters, who suggests that though on earth— "Noacianoe shows How singly to prolong existence; The moon fresh methods may disclose. As for those beasts that at this diaumna You fear,—all colonists have foes; Have we not Truth, Tracts, Steam-Bods, Pistons? Doubt you with these our mighty era Hay civilise the wont chimera? " At the instance of Sibylla, they make high sacrifice of all womanly things—band-boxes, love-letters, pu^-dogs, swell the pyre, while one a solemn commutation frames;— ■ Caretd be she who deigns to use The needle; who no Franchise claims; Who has no faith in Brad Church views, Or of our holy priests makes japes; Who think all women once were apea. Cursfed be she by all the Nine, Who swears an oath by Venus' doves; Who Bends or gets a valentine; Who wins at Ascot bet of gloves; Who payano vows at Progress'shrine, Or votive thimble hangs in Love's; Cursed be she who looks on men. And all hut Celia arid'Amen I'" Meanwhile the gods in the moon, terrified at the prospect of this invasion, after solemn council, resolve to send down Cupid to the earth, armed in all his panoply, to encounter Cornelia and her crew of rebels. There are j some very pretty lines descriptive of the little . god's descent and arrival within Cornelia's domain:— j " Here o'er the grass the immortal Boy Went dancing through the dew and flowers; It makes his bosom move with joy To feel the young light-hearted Hours, That by green bush and bankside toy On earth's deep bosom fresh with showers, The leaves new-born, and everything Wistful awhile in Hope and Spring. Soon, while the darkening leavea are stirred By sleepy linnets in the willows, And scarce s human sound is heard, His head upon his arm he pillows, And soothed by one melodious bird, Forgetting all nis peocadiUoee, And all his arts and oonuaels deep, And bow and arrows—falls asleep." The troop of women pass him by unheeded, all but Celia, bent on their studies " But Celia, all alone and free, Behind this company had strayed in A labyrinth of sweet reverie, Because her soul was heavy laden With knowledge; on a sudden she Came on the sleeping god. The maiden £ prang back, and felt her bosom's kernel Pierced through with soft desires maternal. One arm out of his sleeve was cast, 'And his loose quiver's scarlet thread ' Across his snowy bosom pissed ; His cap lay by bis early head. Celia stooped down and taught him flat, Thai with a thousand klasea.aped - Among her. sisterhood to bring ... Bight of this new and strange plaything. Love, thus aroused,-winked, stared, then laughed. And atill in Oe<ia's bosom, drew - HJs silken string, while abaft on shift He shot like »un beams; but the omtr, Who now too late perceived his craft, Fled past as Dryads o'er the dew; Mixed pleasure, pain,aodfear thmr feeL And wounds they ecaraly care to heaL"' Cornelia comes to the rescue, and snatching1 up the .boy, places him on her knee, and gives him a sound birching. Cupid goes back, di shevelled and draggled, with crippled wihgs < and broken bow. Venqs then takes qp&e; causeofhorboy, and by aid of Mom us sends a dream bf lpve toearthWb|chenters tjmbrgin of Amadis, an anregenerate youth, who knows nothing of. female rights, and has long cherished a love for Celia. Heentors the Female College in woman's attire, and is enabled to j tn^t, Celifc Their disoourSo is told frr channing vame, of dor bite specimen, containing the myth of anboast, With red the peony mb * Orontea, tbe Que* of the Cretin A marges, in Ariosto, And rose and Uly for bis cheek; Bat peony,- roue, lily lost The wind and wave kept eilea&e; meek, No murmur o'er the liiil side orousd, ' jBaah ia Me tdtigue, earth, air, and deep,' Seemed to nay, VHuBhl *tu Love asleep!'" The disguised Amadis is betrayed at last by thje blowing off of his chignon, and amidst great confusion and dismay in the college, is brought up with Celia for judgment. Cotne lid and her female army, fired with indigna tion <at , the. gods who have devised this scandal, take up arms against the inhabitants of the Moon, and there is fierce battle in the Empyrean. The women, strong in the arts of Science, are proving more than a match for the gods, and are already exulting over their victory, when Venns comes to the aid of the ira mortals with her enchanted shield of .Vanity, to which the women are irresistibly drawn. They are drawn away from space to space, and from deep to deep, until they fall into perdition; and so are the gods and Love avenged in those who dared to dispute their dominion. 