NEWS. OF THE ^EEK The mailL passengers by the contract packet were Messrs. T. Elder and :'1\ Graves for Marseilles, and- Mr. C. DeKyschkan for Ceylon. Major 'Warburton has entered upon: his duties as Colonel-Commandant of the Volunteer 2?6rce. He held a con sultation .with some of the officer? during the week to-elicifa their opinions as to £lif? tvaiifR finri^fAolincra r\f tYiu tvian ' Mr. Petersvrald has decided on not -accepting the euperintendanee of . the ' Dry Creek Stockade. This situation is ; apparently in bad odory The final result of the legislative Council elections is now known. Alto 'gether there were 4,355 good voting. ?papers,.and lJ3:in formal. Eor purposes of reference, we append' the- completed -state of the poll.:— Barrow. ' ? 3,085 ?; Milne ? ?;608 Dunn: ? 2,579; Baker ? 2,561 English ... ? 2,503 Stow ? ... 2,168 Murray ? 1,8BQ. Coglin ? 1^39 ; Qaedechena ? 1,065 ? Raphael ? 966 Mellor ? 842 'Wright .. .. .. 678 Homershamt.. .. ... 358 J.ue racer troop ship towed up to the Port on Sunday morning, and- the'' band played a number of airs whilst the vessel was being moored. In the after noon Mr. E, D, Boss paid a visit to 'the ship ; but tne. disembarkation was post poned until inexl day. On Monday at an early hour the vessel was berthed at the Maclaren Wharf, and no time was lost in landing the troops and their baggage. The majority of the soldiers fell in on the wharf, and marched to the Bailway Station amidst the strains of the band. On arrival -in town- they marched to the Barracks; where tempos lary accommodation will' be found for them, until the departure of the 5.0th .Regiment render available the ordinary quarter^ The tender of the Goolwa steam-tug has been accepted by the Government for the conveyance of the detachment of the 50th Regiment on board the Himalaya, which vessel arrived; off' the Semaphore on Monday night during the thunderstorm. The Himalaya is 3,453 tons and 700 horse-power, being the largest vessel which has- ever visited Australian waters ; and as late as 1860 said to be the next sized ship to tho Great Eastern in the world. The whole of the- embarkation waB completed, on Wednesday night. Tho troop-ship Himalaya sailed- on Thursday with the troops. - out, different writers taking all sorts- of viewd1 of' the1 same facts. But althoughr comment is as rife as ever no new- facts hare come to light. Adelaide Punch has an amusing cartoon, illustrative of the £ o; i-. of the affair. News boy meets old gentleman in the street, and' holding up paper J/ojuiiur — ''Spressat Journal! Convent case!!' WuBser nor ever.! !!' An amusing little contretemps occurred to Sir James' FerguBson- during, liia shooting excursion1 'down south.' Being habited in a: shooting jacket and appro priate- accoutrements, his incognito- was complete, and when he presented himself 'onhis' return- journey at tb.e dbor-of an 'hotel, it being' Sunday, he was refused admittance there.and- was ordered round to the backi He quietly complied; aud having changed his costume, attended church,. and then recommenced hie return journey to Adelaide.- It was- not dis covered till after, liis^ departure who was ; the visitor. ; The' lastr number' or Adelaide Punch -contains an ' In Memoriam' upon itself. Being insufficiently supported j Punoh consigns Toby to public sympathy and resolves* quietly to give up the- ghost. Thus runs his epitaph : — ' In laenioriam. Adelaide Punch. Bora1 5th' December, 186S, Died: April Foil's Day; 1809; Strangers, be kind to- Toby! 'Life's a jest;. all things show. it; I thought so once, aud now I know it.' ' . The tender of Messrs. G. & R. Willk for I^ie aboriginies, at £610 IO4; 4d., has been1 accepted- by the Government,— Register. We understand' that the1 special auditors appointed by the Corporation to examine the- accounts sent in their report on Thursday. The defalcations of the late Town Clerk considerably exceed' the amount last published. — Express. 