ST. JAMES'S CHURCH, TOOWOOMBA. the corncr-stono of tbo new church will bo laid by His Excellency tho Governor, attended 'by his- suite and tbo Bishop, this afternoon at two p.m. ' Should tho weather be favour able, a lurge attendance may bo expected, as nut oolv is tbo occasion nn mismcimtia nno fnr tho 'members of tho Church of Eagland, but the day happens also to bo tlio birthday of His Excellency, when overy attention and mark of respect should he paid him. The Governor and Bishop will lcavo tho Royal Hotel a littlo'hefuro two 'p.m. ; and, on arriving at tho stone, an Address from tho Clergy and tho Churchwardens will bo pre sented- to him, to whioli ho will give a reply. Tho choir will then sing two verses of tho 100th Psalm ; and tho Bishop will commence tho special service. A document, setting forth tho proceedings of tlio day, will be duly Bigncd by tlio Governor and Bishop and others present, and placed with other papers and doeumeuts in a glass bottle, aud 'finally deposited lii a'cavity of the stono prepared to rcceivo it. Then, tlio lime' being prepared, and all things ready, tho stono will bo lowered in threo successive falls of twclvo inulics to its bod. When placed in proper position, tho Governor, assisted by tho architect, will test it with tho level nod plumb rulo, and, giving threo distinct knocks with the trowel, will pronounce- tho stono to ho level, upright, aud truly laid, adding — "In the faith of Jesus Christ; wo placo this corner-stone, in'- the uamo of tho Father, tlio Son, and tho Holy Ghost. —Amen."- Tlio Bishop will thon read the concluding part of tho service, and a plato being' placotl On tho stone, tlio offerings of all present- will be invited, during which tlio choir will sing 'the hymn—" Christ is. mado tho suro foundation." The Bishop will then pronouneo tho Bene diction and dismiss tho assembly. Tho cliurob, as now proposed to ho built, will bo of briok with stono dressings to the doors and .windows. Tho plan is cruciform, consisting of a cbuncol with apsiJol termina tion, two trsusopts and novo, with open tim bered roof surmounted by a boll, turrot, and spirp. ::Tho accommodation providod will, giro sittings for 470 . persons, - and tho contract prico is fourteen hundred pounds. Mr. Suter, of Brisbane, is tliq. architect;' and Mr. Godsall, of Toowoomba, tho builder. _ Report op Patients in Toowoomba Hos- pital for tbo wook ending April 30, 18G9: Males, Feaialcs. In hospital last report ... 21 3 Sinco admittcd... , ... 3 2 Discharged' 2 1 Remaining in: Hospital' ... 22 4 Receiving out-door medical relief, 7 adults. Dr. Callan will Tie 'tho visiting surgoon for noxt week. . Ills Excellency tho Governor add suito, accom panied by (lie Hon. Ai Hodgson' fColdnial Secre tary), came up by train, lnst;ovemng>:nt half.past fix o'clock, half an hour earlier tlm'n. expected. Owing to some unaccountnblo mistiiku 'us td tho time .nf. bis. (arrival,- iniiny iVero ' disappointed iu receiving him. Mii. -1Jam.ow, the renowned 'humourist, ' has hecn performing at the Theatre Royal, lluthven- street. His execution on the gridiron, the nphon- icon, the piccolo, and the, balmy seen) to bo as inimitable 'as ever, ilis Excellency' the Governor is expected to linuonr Mr. Bjiriour bv his attend- unco this evening; and wo wislriuih n' popular caterer for, public umuseincnt every success. On .the 1 o first evenings of Mr. Barlow's appearance, lie had good bouses; but, last night; .wo were nston- ished to see such .a meagre atteudauco for so good an actor. . Air examination into tlio accounts of tho Supreme Couri'l.fiiccs has led to tho dismissal of M r . Gilbert Wright. Tlio amount of thoiiefnlca- uiius in iucau, unices is only partially Known, nut tliey nre very serious.— Yesterday's Courier. Tin: annual ten-mooting in connection .with tho Ipswich Congregational Church 'took place in tiio School of Arts on Tuesday evening. Tho lmll was very tastefully decorated,' nnrl nboot GuO porsous sat down to: tables spreiid with thcusunl profusion of dolieacios.nud adorned with numerous bouquets of choice flowers. The' ladies who so kindly pre sided at their several tables did tlio honours with cxti;emo graeiousness, and several gentlemen of strictly projior haliits (reverends not excepted) wore thus tempted to go rather deeply into their ."cups.,' At the word given, tho. tables disap peared, nnd the intoiicetuul. feast cointucuced will, sacred music, ably rendered by several members of the choir of St. Raul's, Mr. Blow accompanying on the harmonium. . Various selections of sacred music wore ably given during tho courso of tho proceedings, 'iho public meeting commenced Willi dovotion.il exercises, after which Dr. Chul. i nor ttus voted to tho chair, and made a few pre liminary then culled on' Mr. \\\ httchcad to address tho meeting. Mr. White head congratulated tho congregation on hnving at hist secured the services of a pnstor, nnd said the building of n new church was a most important matter, aud tho necessity of it was evidcut to every ono- Soiuo years ago a movement was made in that direction, and some niouey was collected for the purpose; nnd of that sum their was a balance in hand of ;about £30. Ho felt great pleasure iu beiug able to announco that a generous friend had promised £5UO to. wards tbo fuuu. (Sensatiou aud applause.) Several reverend gentlemen then addressed the meeting, after which votes of thanks to the ladies who had supplied tho tea, &c.;, to tho choir for their services, and to tbo chairman, wore then passed, and proceedings terminated with the doxologynnd thebencdictico.— Qiwuifand ZVihm. Tiie Cotton Crop (says tho Itedlmnlc oorroepondent of tho Queensland Times) v y seonis to bo gathering itself together ugaiu.' v'—'r"' It got a severe handling from tho boll-worm, of which I noticed two colours, the grey and the green. When very young, they attacked the small pods just after tho blossom fell, and as thoy advanced in growth they fed their way into tho largo pods, which I have no doubt thoy found to he a very cool aud nourishing diet. Apart from tbo satisfaction, though, of seeing animals fill themselves heartily, thcro was littlo to gratify ono in noting their pro gress Tho black caterpillars did not attack tho pod, though after perishing the grass, it drilled tho cotton leaves. Had it not boon fur \ this visitation (t can't call it mi evil, qs I nut , rll. not in the secret of their, mission), and tho \ soaking rains, we should havo kopt tho Ips- wich gins pretty lively. One of our enUr« prising farmers in this neighbourhood— Bar- rnm, of the Ucdbank. storo, on tho Brisbano road — has started' very successfully a horse power gin of about eigbtccn saws— a small arrangement certain!, but, a very pood nnd useful one, as it turns him out a clean balos daily, and, beiug slowly worked, tbo fibre is beautifully preserved. If tho weather settle?, I believe the avcrago yield about hero will-bo from 150 to 200 clcau pounds pqr acre. the Police Office, Ipswich, on Wednesday. - . K Sixty-seven country lots woro offered at tho upset prico of 15s. and 20s. peracro. Onlvv three found purchasers, two at the upset prici£ and one at a considerable advanco. Tho fol- lowing were tho lots' sold No. 0, parishof Mutdupilly, near Warrijl Crook, 90 acres, 15s., George Thorn; No. 40, parish of Laidlcy, near Laidloy Creek, 20 acres, 15s., J. G.- Cooper, jun. ; No. 67, parish of Moggill, oil , tho Brisbane Kivcr, 10 ocre3, £12 per acre, , Thomas T. Mnkcpeaco.— ( 1 Queensland Times.' When in Dublin, Gcorgo Francis Train telegraphed as follows to tho ' New York N Hcruld ' — u Gladstono quaila. I am released with an autograph request from tho Queen brought to mo by Earl Sponccr, in full Lord 1 . Lieutenant's uniform, to sccu'o Amoricu'd forgiveness for tbo, Alabama outrages. Princo - Alfred offers to accept tbo crown of Indepon- " " dent Ireland, with Train for Prime Minister. f Remembor tbo answer of indignant Franco to tho proposed Regency of the Duchess of I. 2- Orleans: 'It is too late!' Fiat Justitin. Dclauda est Britannia. K. Pluribus Erin. ';> Train go Bragb ! I return by tho Austral . 'A' asian. Havo ordered the hotels in Omaha to J be sot on fire. Tho blazo will beacon Ireland | to liberty, England to her doom, America to bo tho Empiro of the World. ' Mens sunn in I corporo Bano.' Turkish Baths. Toll tho i-j truth. No Tobacco. No Whisky. Never | say die. I still livo." The same playful 4 humourist announocs the murder of Mr. £ Baker in the terms : " Tho agrarian war in Tipporary. Another landlord shot."- Jfc Telegrams from the Courier. Rockiiampton, April 28.— Mr. Halligon, a gold buyer, left Morintsb for llockbnmpton on $ Sunday last, with 150 ozs of gold iu his pos« session, and has not been beard of since. Tbo Gold Commissioner nnd police went in scorch of him yoBterday, -and returned at night un- successful. The police went out again to«day. JF A private party of fifty persons is being or- w ganised to scoor tho country. fj Sydney, April 28.— Tlio Bank of Now \ / South Wales has declared a dividend of 15 I per ocot. Tho New South- Wales Assurance , Company has declared ii dividend of 10 per I cent. | \-- Melbourne, April 28.— Tho Assembly 9 havo issued warrants for tlio oppclircnsion of I Mossrs.'Glass and.Qunrtormiin; in connection I" with' tbo Jato bribery of members case. S _ Maryborough, April 29.: — Tlio escort nr- ! j rived -from Gyinpio to-day, with 3054 ounces \ J of pold. ''VI Rookhampion, April 29,— Tlio polico liovo V boon out for two days scarohing for Mr. Ilni- 'ii ligan, tho gold buyer, who left Morinish for i'j Rockiiampton on Sundny last, with 150 ozs. "1 of gold. Ho was seen on Sunday night, about A ten miles from llockhumptou, by two .men who A work at Morinish, 'anil who answered all ques- tions put to them by tho polico ou tlio subject. -is It is expected that there has boon foul play, 3JI k 'nrgo .pnr ty started out from Rockiiampton VI this morning to ussist tho polico in searching for' tlio missing ifinn. Tliey have found his hat, whip, and part of -Lis coat near a big 'I scrub, ton miles from towu. Tho search is still going on. . -Melbourne, April 29.— Messrs. Glass and Quartormau havo been adjudged to ho guilty . ' of contempt, and aro likely to ho heavily fined ' !1 nnd imprisoned. Tho delegates to tho Roman 'Afi Catholic Synod havo left for Sydney. 'II Sydney, April 29. — Tlio wool sales havo -rg been postponed until Monday. Tho harquo " M Seringa, from this port to Shanghai, lias been wrecked noar the Equator, - Tho crew wero | saved. The Chinaman, Yip Fuug, has Icon 1 sentenced to death at Bathurst. i'j bandwick autumn meeting. " -f' Tho races to day wero well attended. Tho V results of the different ovouts wero as follow « 1 lying Handicap of 5 sovereigns each, ' /, with 50 sovereigns added, for nil horses; J "' . inilo. Mr. Gibbon's Deception and Mia -A Fisher's Blondin ran a dead heat for this rnco '3 Maiden Plate of 200 sovereigns, for all 'i maiden horses (including winners of two years' stakes, under n penalty of winning onco 3 lbs., ? twico or moro 5 lbs.), nt tlio time of ontrance ; ' 1 4 mile — second horse, 10 -sovereigns from tlio Club— was won by Air. Tait's Earl, carry. ? ing 8 st. 4 lbs., Air. Wilson's Gasworks, 8 st. ' i/ 2 lbs., second. ' Produce Stakes, 10 sovereigns each, 1>. ft., i with 220 sovereigns subscribed hy tlio owners of the sires, and 100 suvereigus from tho A J I- : C. for 2 years, 8 st. 4 lbs. (no allowanco to l4.' fillies or geldings) ; 1 mile, Tlio second horso % 10, nnd third 5 per cent, on the gross nniount of tho prize, to bo deducted therefrom. I'lu. . tranco closed with 38 subscribers. Air. John if Lee's b.c. Paradise, l.y Kingston— Marchioness. $ first, ' Sydney Cup, valuo 150 sovereigns, and is -Y Sovereigns added to a liandicap sweep- 1 stake of 20 sovereigns each ; 8 forfeit for all fl horses ; two miles ; second horse 50 sovereigns I froni tho prize. Weights on t lie 21st De- a comber A winner of any handicap there , I after 3 lbs , of two or more, 5 lbs. extra. En- I tries closed with 41 subscribers. Air. Tail's I Barb, o yrs ,10 st. 8 lbs., 1 ; Mr. Do Mos.ro's W> J T ril-l' -gf 7c' 9 lbK' 2 i SIr' leitre's W f iim n uifiler, G yrs., lOst. 2 lis., 3. This 1 was the finest race ever seen in Austrian. I jixteen horses started, and ten came in nt the 1 finish almost together, Barb winning by a neck. I 