Aftee another year of varied experience, only one day before the anniversary of O'Fabbell's murderous attempt on bis, life, PsruteE Alfred has once more set foot on the shores of Port Jackson. If anything more were needed to prove his thorough confidence in the people of New South Wales, and his contempt for the rumors, assiduously kept alive by political busybodies, of a widely ramified plot, it has been most ef fectually done by selecting this special season wherein to renew his acquaint ance with Sydney and her inhabitants. The return of the royal visitor is signal ised alike by that punctuality which is ' the courtesy of kings,' and a graceful consideration for the wounded feelings of Heb Majesty's loyal Australian sub jects, which cannot fail of producing lasting effects, and help to draw closer the tie that binds these dependencies to the mother country. From the published programme of the Prince's tour round the world there ap pears to be no intention of his again visiting Queensland. We do not make the statement in a captious or repining spirit, but that ride to Jondaryan has evidently lost us His Royal Highness' good opinion for ever. Henceforth Queensland will be associated in his memory with that dismal bivouac on furling Downs, with ' undemonstra Bre' welcomes at Brisbane and other southern villages, and with the ghost of ?r.ti». tuifeisteji, because not fit to be ?tastedy)all-8upper ; and we must resign ourselyes to the necessity of doing ^thout slay royal visits for the future. This melancholy conviction need not deter us from sending the Queen's son a hearty cheer of welcome, loud and earnest enough to pierce the intervening space tliat separates us from, the place of his present abode. If we cannot afford receptions in keeping -with, the rank of so illustrious a visitor, we can at least join, a la distance, in the joyous enthusiasm of those wK^ can. 3 Pkincb Alkeed's next destination is New Zealand. The Sydney papers shadow forth the hope that his presence there may bring about the solution of the Maori difficulty, and lead to a com plete reconciliation of the natives with the Anglo-Saxon invaders of their coun try. From some mysterious hints lately dropped by Matuateba, the Maori King, it would almost appear that negotiations are pending between Sir Geobge Bowen and himself for placing the mutual re lations of the two races on a more defi nite and satisfactory footing than here tofore, by recognising, within certain limits, the sovereignly of Matuateba over his own people, and assigning to }iin- a fair share of the interior territory (fit a domain. Whatever foundation there may be for such an assumption, we fear that the establishment of a *' pale' — for it is this what the plan in question amounts to — will only have the effect of setting off in sharper con trast the national and social differences that exist between the two races who areat present contending for the mastery over the Northern Island, and thus em bittering the feelings of mutual dislike at present existing between them. It may be desirable to secure at least the semblance of peace by arranging for a cessation of hostilities on the occasion of the Pence's visit, which it would be somewhat awkward to have signalised by fresh native raids on cattle and pro perty, or, perhaps, another massacre of unoffending settlers. It would no doubt suit Sir Geobge Bowen's purpose admi rably to stand forth in the character of a great pacificator on an occasion so pregnant with possibilities of reward in the shape of distinctions flowing tram. the Fountain of honor, on the appropri ate recommendation of a much- travelled scion of royalty. But however satisfac tory Sir George's diplomatic overtures may turn out to himself, we apprehend that they will not suffice to create more than a very brief interval of the desired halcyon quietness on the Northern Island. The Maoris are constitutionally a turbulent and jealous race, and the* recognition of their chief as an ' allied power' would be a concession pregnant with hints as to their own unim paired strength, and the temporising indecision of the invading foe. They are too well schooled in the principles and motives that guide our conduct, towards them, and too»far advanced in the arts of diplomacy and intrigue to allow of their being employeds as the Mexicans were by Cobtez, to subjugate, control, and pacificate one another. Any recognition of Matuatera as their 'sovereign would^ practically amount to an admission of their belligerent rights, and would only serve to increase' their arrogance and self-confidence. Even at the present moment, wWn their pros pects are certainly none of the brightest, they aim at nothing less than the com plete expulsion of the Pakeha from their shores. Their grievance is too vital and deeply-seated to be healed by any salve that it is in our power to apply, whether it consists in a league with the Maori King, or in the creation of a fic titious enthusiasm by the arrival of the Galatea. When the speeches have all been ?made, the fireworks have all exploded, the Prince has gone on board again, and the white stream of vapor on the hori zon is the last remaining token of his visit ; the bare insuperable fact will still remain ; that the Maori tribes were cheated out of their patrimony by the one-sided and iniquitous treaty of Wai tangi, and that they are gradually but surely being dispossessed of all its fairest portions by the law of the strongest. No amount of civilized casuistry will enable them to forget this, nor to dis continue their practical protest against the loss of their status as a people. Our most sanguine anticipations fail to dis cover any escape for the Northern Island from another half century of internecine warfare. But such glpjomy considera tions must not be suffered to alloy the festive spirit which has been rekindled in the Australian Colonies by the Duke of Edinburgh's second visit. His is the gladsome and sunny time of life when all things seem possible, and to will benevolently is to half achieve. It will not be his faultr If 'New Zealand does not emerge, at wast for a time, from the dreary depth of confusion and bloodshed in which it has so long been plunged; and it is not his fault if through the injudicious rapacity of the earner colonists, an inveterate antago nism of races has sprung up, which even his beneficent presence may be power less permanently to allay. 