NEWS AND NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. XVIII. Tuesday, April 27. I HAVE read somowhoro of nu Amoricau oditor who, having got into difficulties, had to annouuee that in futuro his nowapapor would only bo publishod Bomi- occasionally. On n simi- lar plan of arrangement, it would appear, a cor tain publication called The Ghost-presumed to be tho organ of Mr. Martin, Mr. Parkos, and Mr. Piddington, but not noarly so romarkablo for brilliancy as for spite-comos out in Sydnoy, at uucortain times, and without promonition, liko all ghoats I suppose. By tho woy, whilo roforring to this publication, which no doubt most of your roadors havo soon, but which BOino havo not, I would call attontion to tho novolty, in" thoao colonies, of tho cartoons, which aro otchod aftor tho stylo of thoso in tho London Tomahawk. Tho butt of tho caricaturist soems to bo Mr. William Macloay, who, in last numbor, in tho oharactor of Caliban, is conducting Hart and Dignam, to tho piping of Ariel, to tho spot whore Robert- son, as Ariel, is announcing their coming to Mr. Cowper, who appears as Prospero. Tho infer- ence is obvious j but after Mr. Cowpor's lato publio declaration, it seoms senrcoly probablo that ho will again ontor political Hfo. To como back, however, to tho point of departure I waa about to say that my communications nro ns much semi-occasional as tho isaacs of the American journal, or tho oppoorouccs of The Ghost. I am sorry onongh for this, but it cannot bo holped, and so hero wo go again into tho businoss beforo us. When I was in Brisbane last, and gazed with consternation and ano upon that tremondous sword which the Usher of tho Black Rod car riod-not an ordinary " choeso-toastor," but a cut and thrust glaivo apparently-I littlo thought that it would over bo used against that amiable and poacoful citizen, our mutual friond, Dr. Hobbs. The account of his arrest by the formidable functionary alluded to j his apparaît terror of the black bolo at first, and his subse- quent recantation of apology and defiauco of the Uslior, havo all boon publishod and commontcd upon boro ; and I think that tho three sconoa -"Tho Denouncement," by Mr. Douglas; " Tho Arrest," by Black Rod ¡ and " Tho De- fiance, hy Dr. Hobbs, aftor tho maniior of Ajax dofying tho lightning, withSirMourico O'connell, ofcourso, as JupitcrTonoiiB, would formoxcollont subjects for historical pictures to adorn tho walls of your Logislativo Council. But tho business out of which all thiahubbubooaroso waa tho most extraordinary part of tho wholo adair. That a gentleman of Sir Maurico O'Coimoll's experience-a connoxion, if I miatako not, of tho groat Irish Liberal-should seek to limit in any way tho powov by which tho representa- tivo of tho Sovorcign, acting undor tho advico of Ministers responsible to Parliament, might bo enabled to bovo tho country from tho domina- tion of a hatoful oligarchy, was indood sur- prising. Tho proposal was a grand mistake, and I am very glad that it was rojootcd. I hold, for my port, that tho nomination of a IIoubo of legislators for life, taken of itself, is an utter abomination, un justitlablo by anything but a reference to tho foudal ages ¡ but, accompanied by tho power of checking tyranny by tho appointment of ad- ditional mombers, under responsible advico, it maj' bo mado a most useful institution, and it is hero gradually winning for itself rospoot. and confidence As to all tho talk about tho "swamping" that took placo hero at tho in - Btanco of Mr. Robertson, in tho yoar 1801, gentlemen who mako so much of that do not fairly consider, or do not fuirly put, tho whola fucts of tho cuse. I know all about it, for I was in tho secret of tho political movemontB of tho time, and was in tho Council Ohambor when what lina been called " tho disruption of tho oligarchy" took place. And raro fun it was to seo tho queer mustor of now " Lords" entering tho Chamber to bo sworn, and poor old Sir W. Burton hurrying out of tho Presidential chair, whilo Captain Towns shouted, with voico na stentorian ns if ho wero dispatching a boat's crow in search of a whale, " Follow your leader." I own it would havo beon no joko but for tho peculiar circumatancoB of tho caso. Tho fact is that tho Legislativo Council waa i» articulo mortis, and expired a fow days after, as it would havo done also if tho new members had been sworn in. This fact mado all the moro rcpro honsiblc tho obatinato resistance of a fow old Tories to what was known to bo tho dcBiro of ninc.teiitliB of tho peoplo in tho colony ¡ and of courao thoy had to yiold aftor all. I am no Republican, but for that vory rouaou I should like to soo liberality and moderation excrcisod by every ?' Uppor Houbo" under British insti- tutions ; for any man must bo as blind as a mole not to seo the signs of tho times, and that ono fabo Btop of a Berious oharactor would imperil tho oxistenco of oven tho British Hoiibc of Lords. Most of its mombers seo this thom solves, and many of tho best of thom, instood of standing up for obsolete claims, aro doing their beat to mako themselves accoptablo to the people, lest tho storm should oomo in their day. Sir Robert Mackonzio and his family loft Syd- ney last Saturday afternoon, in tho Rangatira, for Melbourno, en route to England. Tho scono was a striking, and in somo rcspoctB a touching ono ¡ for although Sir Robort never shono as a politician, his personal worth en- deared him to all who knew him, and for my part I had known bim for about flvo-and tweuty years. A vory largo numbor of tho friends of tho family asaomblcd on tho poop of tho Btcamor, and whon tho timo carno for casting looso, thoro was a regular BCromblo for last faro wells, which woro nflocting as rogarded somo of the ladioB. As tho Bteamor moved off bIio wos greeted with threo hearty cheors, and tho Monds all remained on tho wharf whilo the vessel swung up the harbor, and, slowly coming round, Btcamctf away down the Btream. During tho wholo of this timo tho waving of hatB and handkerchief» was incosssnt, and kept up moat vigorously by tho ladies, who loant ovor tho Blup'e side until the Rangatira passed out of sight. Wo hove nows by telegram to-day of her safo arrival at .Molbourno. The Great Britain tails for Liverpool on Tuoiday noxt, May 4. You will see from tho papers that tho wrotoh To Koott has boon athis murdoring work again, having attacked a pah defended by friondly natives, whom ho induced to surrender undor promiso of quarter, and thon alaughtorod. Threo Europeans, with their ohildron, wero also murdorod. I am very much inclinod to think that whon the news of all those butchorioB rcaohos England thoro will bo o roaction in publio opinion, and a strong advocacy of tho Bonding of Indian troops to the rcBouo. It is horrible to think of tho valuable lives that aro boing lost. In connootion with this, I havo lately Beon a photograph portrait of the unfortunate Major Von TompBky, who was shot from ambush and afterwards mutilated, some timo ugo, by tho kindred ilond Titokowaru, and it is impossible for onyono to look upon tho couutenonco of that man without being fully convinced that ho was, ob repre- sented, a hero. A friond of mino, who has himBelf boon a aoldier and a valiant ofllcor, know Von Tompaky in Moxico, and is _ always most enthusiastic about him. " With his sword in his hand," he says, " ho nevor know what fear was." What a pity and a shame it is that such mon should fall iu a miacrablo and igncmiuious conflict like that with tho Now Zealand cannibals. Tho last telogram from Molbouruo with Now Zealand nows says that tho Duko of Edinburgh was at Wellington, and was to proceed " to Melbourne " on tho 18th April. This is of courso a mistake, and most likely Nelson is moant. I cannot, however, avoid mentioning a strange rumor that moots ono on all sidos, to tho efl'ect that the Prince is roally coining back hero bo foro proceeding on his voyage I can find no foundation whatovor for tho rumor, and do not bcliovo a bit of it ; but mention it because it is so general. Wo havo got a new " Mare," as His Worship of Paddington not long ago called himsolf; but timo alono Dan show whether wo havo benofittod by the bargain. I almost begin to think that " Maros " aro obsoleto. Mr. Charles Mooro having resigned and gono homo, Mr. Ronny has beon elocted in his place. There were several candidates, but none of very notable Biiporiority. The news of the Carpentaria gold-fields is exciting some attontion here, but there is a great want of accurate information, and the Brisbane papers aro eagerly searched for further particulars. 