THE PASTORAL. LETTER of John Bede, by the Grace of God and Favor of the Holy Apostolic See, Arch bishop of Sydney to the Faithful, Clergy and Laity, of the Archdiocese, at the COMMENCEMENT OF THE LENT OF THE YEAR 1SR9. Sed habeo adversum te, quod charitatem tuam priinam reliquisti. Memor esfco itaque unde ex cideris, et age ptenitentiatn, et prima opera fac. — Apocalyp : c. 2. vv. 4r-5. But 1 have somewhat against thee, that thou hast left thy first charity. Be mindful, there fore, from whence tliou arb fallen, and do penance and do the first works. Dearly .beloved, — we are cnuureu in uuu first disciples of our Lord Jesus Christ ; we in herit their faith ; we inherit the Sacraments which were instituted in their days, and by which their souls'.were fed ; we inherit asacred communion of their good works ; we inherit their example ; we inherit their triumph and interces sion in heaven. But we are in deed and heart their true children ; we are in our day, in our circumstances, what they were iu theirs, com pared to degenerate Jews, who were descendants of Abraham in carnal line, but void of the faith which was their true inheritance? Have »ve maintained the vigour and glow of their charity, „„ v.o,rQ ii7a f-i!1»n frnm ih. an that the beloved Evangelist might address to us the words which God our Saviour bade him write to the Church at Ephesus, 'this 1 have against thee, that thou hast left thy first charity ?' Dearly Beloved, it is to search out an answer for these questions that I propose to your con sideration some main features in the lives of those early Christians, our fathers in the faith, our friends and helpers in the presence of God. From the answer we shall derive consolation and encouragement, or warning and salutary shame and correcting guidance, as the case may be. Perhaps we shall find iu the study of all these things, and we shall certainly be employing our thoughts on a subject salutary and appropriate for the sacred season of Lent, a time of recollec tion and scrutiny, of penitence and holy resolve. Tim ovamnlfi of the earlv Christians, the Primitive Church, is -often cited, often talked abont ; buu its true significance is often mis juderstood ; its proper force evaded in a way that is only too sadly characteristic of human perversity and weakness. Sometimes the Primi tive Church is imagined as a teacher distinct from.'in opposition to, the living church of the day, as if our gracious Lord's promise of His presence, within her teaching and ruling, could ever fail. This, of course, is an error into which no Catholic can be plunged ; it cuts between root aad branch, and the branch so separated is no longer part of the tree. But there is another error which evades the force of the example held up by the lives of the early Christians, and in truth by the lives of the Saints generally. It is the hasty conclusion that their lives and habits are admirable indeed, but not imitable, because their circumstances, the state of the world in their day, may be regarded as exceptional and peculiar. And this error, though not so imme diately deadly as the former, is indefinitely mis chievous, and robs Catholics of a treasure. It is an interpretation, true possibly in letter, but most certainly false in spirit ; one that reduces, to a vision of ' dry bones,' a form of heavenly beauty and vigorous life. That old world of the first Christians had in it much that, God be thanked, is passed away, we trust for ever ; although even this is not quite certain, so strangely do old forms of corruption, both moral and intellectual, rise again, with slight differ ences of costume, but with substantial £a-neness of essence. But the likenesses between the old world and the present, if you look to the sub stance of things and not to their forms, are far more weighty than their differences. Look to the eternal opposition between good and evil— between God and Satan ; look to the end for which man was created, and to his responsibility in losing or securing that end ; lot k at the con sequences of original Bin in depriving mind t and heart, and in enfeebling his will ; look at the Wo cities, as St. Augusth-e , calls theai, God's Church with its con tinuovs organized supernatural life from the beginning on oao side, aad a* the eywgogue oi Satan on the other; wiiu as uuuyiug subtle enmity in so many forms— look at these things, which make up the true meaning of human life, , | and you will find little of all that is admirable ' ! in life and habits of first Christian, or of other j saint, which is not also imitable, if you honestly j seek to apply in your own circumstances tbe spirit of the thing, and do not stop short at the letter. And now, Dearly Beloved, with this view, which at once recommends itself as reasonable and practical — with this view of what is essen tial and permanent, consider, I pray you, the | spirit and acts of the early followers of our Lord, 1 and compare with them your own. Where you I find them alike, take consolation and hope, I thanking God who has given to you such grace ; 1 and where you find them unlike, either by I defect or contrariety, humble yourself before the 1 face of God and iu your own conceit ; take into I your hearts with loving penitence the words of 1 tender reproach written by your Lord to that- |,' ancient church at Ephesus : -'Thou ha«tt f patience, and hast borne for my name, and hast ' j not failed ; but this I have against thee — thou hast left thy first charity; be mindful thef ore - from whence thou art fallen, and do penance, , an4 do the first works.' ! Take then, Dearly Beloved Children in Jesus j Christ, for your meditation and amendment, in this season of hope and amendment, these three ' points in the character of His early and close j foUowers, —their conduct in respect of Christian j doctrine, th;r mutual charity, their constant i p ayer. Take these three points, and see if we have not . circumstances exactly parallel to theirs, though they be not literally and extern- : ally identical. Imitators, in a filial and gener- ; ous spirit, we may be; copiers, in a servile, \ unkindred, temper, we ought not to be. j There are a few simple, rich, words of Sacred j Scripture, that will give you sufficient guidance. ! In the Acts of the Apostles it is written : 'They were persevering in the doctrine of the Apostles, and in the communication of the break ing of bread, and in prayers.' And in another place, ' Great grace was in them all, for neither was there any one among them that wanted.' 'Persevering iu the doctrine of the Apoities.' Here is the principle of dogma as opposed to mere sentiment and opinion ; the doctrine of tradition aud authority, as opposed to perpetual change and individual investigation. The doctrine of the Apostles, that is, the truth, the sole truth, exclusive and intolerant of error and heresy, not from want of charity, but by reason of its divine charity ; not Irotn arrogance and obstinacy of any human will, but from its conformity with the will and essence of the Eternal God, who revealed it ; exclusive and in tolerant of error by the simple fact of its exist ence, as a light is exclusive of darkness. And this certain possession of the truth, what an inestimable treasure and happiness it must have been to those nrst followers ot our JLord ! All the heathen world, full of talent, full of learn ing, but ignorant of any certain truth, was tossed, and worn, and disgusted, by endless contradictory speculations on all questions that are ©f real importance to humanity, and lay parctically rotting in vice and selfishness. Even where fragments of the truth showed themselves they were recognised with little certainty, and only as the beautiful, and per haps plausible, conjectures of some human genius. Truth could not live amongst men witflout a teacher, and teacher, except in one despised nation, there was none. 'The whole head is sick, and the whole heart is sad.' Yes, head and heart of humanity were filled with sickness and sadness. Aud all this misery was summed up in the hopele3s, care less question of Pilate, 'What is truth? Wearisoineness and wickedness, wearisomeness and wickedness, might have been written upon all results of human thought aud human actioD. Might have been written, until the ' Sun of justice arose, and health in his wings.' Then the truth was manifest ; then the Truth was in carnate, then it had an articulate utteranGe9 which has never ceased, which shall resound on this earth 'all day 3, even to the consummation of the world,'' And, still further wonder, the ignorant and simple received it, if they were ' men of good will ;' and the learned and noble could receive it only as they became also ' men of good will.' Peter spoke in the name of all such when he answered, 'Lord to whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life.'' And still that same Peter in his successors clings to Christ, because He only has the words of eternal life. There needs little modification, Dearly Be loved, to make this an exact representation of our own circumstances. Those early Christians lived surrounded by the chaos of doubt and dis pute that enveloped the mighty heathen world j. we are encompassed by the doubts and discus sions of infidels and sectaries. Our duty, our safety, are like theirs to ' persevere in the doc trine of the Apostles.' It is getting plainer every day, for the number of those who do not even profess to follow 'the doctrine of the Apostles' is almost daily increasing. We hear . more numerous voices repeating, that dogma i& a needless, is a dangerous, is a troublesome thing ; that it need not be taught, that it shall, not be taught ; and:if men are kind, and benevo lent, and just, and intelligent, and learned, it matters little when or how they learn and practise Christian truth. Practically, iffi their measures that is, many say this,, who do not say it in words, and they are the more dangerous perhaps, because they do not say it in open honest words. Of such be* ware, Dearly Beloved. Here you see is a case where, in somewhat different circumstances, your safety, and your trial indeed, lie precisely in your imitating the spirit of those early Chra* tian8 in persevering as they did ' in the doctrine of the Apostles.' Many will now say te you» as the heathens said a like thing to them* 'what is dogma,' what is doctrine if only yoffi Have brotherly love ? , And do yon reply as the first Christiana did, ' nay, bat vre will persevere in fcbc doctrine in order that we may bare ?ggg-- I . ?? . ?? oj;; brotherly love; so have we received onr faith, .?I - - land to hayo we never seen true abiding brotherly v love, which had not its root, and growth, in rtb.»t apostolic doctrine, which we have re ';!' waved from above.' The ApoBtles, by , - ? whom you have been taught, have preached .?to yott a Gospel 'not according to . man, for neither did they receive it ' from man, nor did they learn it, but by the \- revelation of Jesus Christ.' It is therefore i' that, aa not an angel from heaven preaching ji another gospel than that which they had re , . .: ceived was to be endured by those first Cbris tians ; as they were not to be moved by signs V and lying wonders, so are you, after their ex '?? ample, to stand firm with holy constancy against r- the short-lived and ever-changing difficulties ? .which a godless physical science also is from ': time to time professing to find against the teach - u 'ing of revelation. Not that science is of neces ' sity godless ; it may render good service in its ; due place and subordination ; it may enlarge our ; conceptions of the infinite majesty and wisdom . ? of God ; it. may, in its true progress, and in 1 Christian hands, correct the misconceptions * which itself had in its crude beginnings originated j and add unexpected evidences of the divinity of . the reliqion which some hoped it had successfully . assailed. True science is in itself,' like every gift of God, an undoubted good. It is pure gold, fit, and designed for the illustration of Christi \- anity in the first place, for the service of the : sanctuary. And they that use it otherwise, use gold indeed ; but they make of it a golden calf, and worship the idol of their own hands. Again, Dearly Beloved, consider what was the ' mutual charity of the early Christians ; how it was manifested ; how it was sustained ; and you will find that in slightly different circumstances and mode, we may, and in very truth are called upon to, show forth our community of spirit by similar deeds. We read again in the Sacred Scriptures of the New Testament. 'And all they that believed were together, and had all thiags common. They sold their possessions and goods, and divided them to all, according as -every cae had need.' Now there is certainly in 'this something that may justly be accounted as local and occasional. The number of Christians jvas as yet comparatively small, and, surrounded as they were by a bitterly hostile population, Jewish aud Gentile, a community of resources .was called for, that would be neither necessary aor desirable when Christianity had become the profession of whole communities, lu religious bodies alone, bound by vow to the counsels of perfection, do we now witness, or expect, this sacrifice of all self-interest and communion in worldly possession. Bat surely, Dearly Beloved, the spirit? of that self-abnegation must be ours, the preparedness to manifest it, should a neces sity, as Christian faith and charity reckon neces sity, arise in our days. And not only should we cultivate a preparedness for the last effort of love, but the actual exercise of that princely spirit is 'invited by the Providence of God when soever, and in whatever degree the interests of the faith and the charity of Christ require it. 'Well then, see1 how much smaller than you may have thought is the difference between our own times and those of the early Christians. They w.ere persecuted by bodily suffering and Iocs of life.' It is not quite so with us, but there is: a persecution towards which the pre sent course of the world is tending with hasty stop3 — a persecution that involves Iosb of liberty of conscience, and unjust forfeiture of property. It is enough to specify the laws of some secular governments in respect of, acts of religious communications, in respect of marriage, in respect of education. We may be ealled'upon to bear double charges for the sup port of our pool, of our sick, for the education of . our youth. Or, worse still, absolute eontiol over- education may be attempted in the name of the state, and the sacred rights of Christian freemen over the training of their own children may be ignored as completely as they have ever been in the case of negro slaves.' Do not be cajoled by the words liberality and enlighten ment. Liberals are the bitterest of all persecu tors when their projects are withstood, and most of all when they are withstood in the name of Christian principle and dognza. Old heathen Rome tolerated alL sorts of gods and abomina tions with the moat amiaMe liberality, but she persecuted Christians, because they held that there is one right, one truth. We are not so far aa some may think from a substantial repetition of such times, and 1 know ho remedy so practi cal -as that, spirit of mutual charity which we ought to inherit from our earliest fathers iu the faith. And how did they Bustain that spirit? Primarily by assiduity at the Holy Sacrifice, by a frequent communion, by realising in their thoughts and habits the great fact, that Chris tians are one body in Christ ; aud mediately, by a holy frugality in, personal expenditure, by simplicity of dress and food, by abstaining from pomp and costly amusements. And in this matter. Dearly Beloved, there is, I fear, much to Lament and amend amongst us. There seems to bo a growing appetite for public amusements not favourable, to say the least, to the recollec tion and self-control of Christians. There ia a reckless and fantastic expenditure in drees, which does not become Christian women, and which sometimea, I am told, in places of. public reflortj and ' in private Bocial life, displays itself in fashions of garment that, are repugnant to natural modesty, to say nothing of the instincts of Christian grace. All honour and thanks to those who use station and influence to discountenance such a miserable defect of good taste 'and thoughtfulnesa. I am loth to, be obliged to acknowledge the necessity for speaking of such things, but so it is that an *nchristian excess of peraonal luxary^and. pain« fal modes of dress Boem to hare invaded the world in these days.' At thfr ^ery centre of Cthrutendom not very long, ago, the ministers ef 'the Holy Father himeelf doplored and condemned jiaese things. Let§me roeaind yon too that they iarolre evus so offaofiivo. ia the «yes of God aa to tare merited rdbako is ttw tacrod records of in ?0red: Scrisfcuw. . 14 fa St. PasI who speaks, ,' I will therefore that men pray in every place, lifting up pure hands, without anger and strife. In like manner women in decent apparel, adorn ing themselves with modesty and sobriety, and not with plaited hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array, but, as it becometh women profes^ng piety, with good works.' The third point in the lives of early Chris tians, Dearly Beloved, which is both admirable' and imitable, is their constancy in prayer. You have just heard St. Paul speak of it, and of the church at Jerusalum in the book of the Acts of the Apostles you may read : — 'They were, per severing in the doctrine of the A postles, and in the communication of the breaking of bread, and in prayers.' Assiduity in prayer, and especially at the breaking of bread, that is, at the Holy Sacrifice, was the golden bond that kept every thing in its place. Steadfastness in apostolic doctrine was maintained by it ; the humility, and simplicity, and frugality, that alone enabled them to meet the claims of Christian charity, were cherished by this constant prayer. It was the life of their lives. Our signings with the cross, our frequent benedictions of persons and things, the manifold daily office of the church, are all legacies which we have inherited from our fathers in the faith. I- must leave you to examine each for himself whether we may not be, and ought, not all to be, in our daily life more like these early Christians ; whether failure of good will is not as much in the matter as change of circumstance. Only I will call to your mind that in one grand subject of prayer, the well being of the church, our necessity ia as great as theirs ever was. The (Ecumenical Council that is approaching will be of \in speakable interest to the church and the world, and that Catholic will be unworthy of his name, who does not pray earnestly and frequently, that the Lord of the church, may bless, with the plenitude of His presence and guidance, her councils and her decisions. It has pleased the infinite graciousness of our good God to require the hearty cooperation of His people in His work for their own salvation, and prayer is the form of co-operation in which all, at all times, may be (and it is a wonderful mj'stery of goodness) His fellow- workers. 1 exhort you then by the example of the early Christians, 1 require you, at the wish, and in the name of ths Holy Father, Pope Pius, in the name of your privilege itself— in the name of our Saviour whose blood has given such efficacy to Chris tian prayer, 1 implore you to pray fervently, frequently, perseveringly, that the goodness and compassion of God may be by this CEcumenioal Council manifested throughout the world. At the very beginning, Herod 'took Peter arid cast him into prison, delivering him to four tiles of soldiers. Peter, therefore, was kept in prison, but prayer was made, without ceasing, by the Church to God for him.' Well, dear friends and children Herod still lives on this earth, and his soldiers who keep Peter in prison, and pre vent his mission and himself from free course, secret and from being truly known, in the world, are — infidel philosophers, secret societies, godless statesmen, and worst of all, Catholics of half heart hidiBg their faith in cowardice and human respect, Catholics professing with lips, but, in fact, of base and scandalous lives. Let us pray that Peter may be again rescued. Dearly Beloved, the chastisements of God are calling upon us every where, but temporal cala oxaties are His voice of mercy to.. those who will listen, and this holy season is especially the time for hearkening to what God will say to us, and looking out what He would have us do. Let us keep still and calm by the use of prayer and self-denial, that our hearts may be pure, and our minds quick to apprehend what His Holy Spirit shall say, for He has something to say to each one of us. And now is His time, ' Now is the acceptable time, now ia the day of salvation.' It was when St. Paul was struck to the ground that he uttered that cry which is the voice of all true conversion to God, ' Lord what wilt Thou have me to do ?' And so must it be with all. If you are prostrate in affliction, let your own will rest sweetly in the will of God, 2-nd say to Him what St. Paul said. If you are in pros perity, humble yourself at the view of a life so far below the height of your calling and privilege ; rou3e yourself by the prayers ; warm yourself by the alms deeds and other werks and thoughts of fraternal charity, that at this time the dis cipline of the Church proposes to you, and bo through an earnest Lent you will pass, as Christian men should pass, to a joyful Easter here and herealter. And, if you will do me also a kindness, I as't it of you in the words of an Apostle, 'If there be any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of charity, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels of commiseration, fulfil ye my joy, that you be of one mind, having the same charity, being of one accord, agreeing in sentiment. Let nothing be done through strife, nor by vain-glory, but in humility let each esteem others better than himself, each one, not considering the things that are his own; but those that are other men's. For let this miud be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus.' May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen. \+ JOHN BEDE, . ArcubiShop of Sydnet. Feast of the Purification of- ; TheB. V. Mary, 1869. : THB FOLLOWING ARE THE REOUIiATIONS AND DISPENSATIONS FOR THE LENT OF THK PRE SENT YEAR, 1869. The general law of the Church, which ordaina abstinence from flesh meat during the entire Lent, ia so far dispensed with that the faithful are i, allowed to use it on Sandays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, excepting Ember Saturday aad the four last days of Lonfc. On fehttjMonday, however, of Ember Week;»' and ot Holy Week, the use of fleah saeafc Ib peruwkted. On all days, except Saadaya, the permission of fleah meat is for dinner only. Of fasting days a collation may be I&fcen; in t&o; BAonsiisg and evetM&g.; -'& ©mall quantity el ttifti, cad $* fetov, sap to «m& m& re spect to the latter, the dispensation is granted in behalf of those who feel unable to take bread in sufficient quantity without its aid. Eggs are allowed on all days at dinner, except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. Cheese and butter are also allowed on all days at dinner. In lieu of butter, lard or dripping is permitted, ex cept of course on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. The period during which the paschal duty of annual confession and communion is to be ful filled begins on the first Sunday of Lent, and ends on Trinity Sunday inclusive. We earnestly entreat all the faithful to be preseut each day during Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, if they have the opportunity and means. We recommend masters of families and parents to assemble, each day, their household or children for prayer and spiritual instruction. A part of the Rosary, of the Psalter of Jesus, oir the Litanies of Jesus, with the Penitential Psalms, may be recited ou these occasions in addition to the ordinary prayers. His Grace trusts that, in localities where it can be done without inconvenience, the Reverend the Clergy will exhort the faithful to attend public service in the Church on stated days in the week. Persons engaged in laborious occupations, in delicate health, or so circumstanced that fasting would be injurious to them, are exempt from the law. In all rases of doubt, recourse for dis pensation must be had to the priest. When by reason of distance, or of other serious obstacle, application to the priest cannot be made, each one will decide in hia owh ease according to the dictate of conscience. —By order of his Grace the Archbishop, S. J. A. SHEEHY, V.G. 