TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. I [PBOII OTTO OOBnBSrONDENU,] ' MELBOURNE. Tuesday. A fatal ease of emolí-pos baa ocourrcd, tho viotim boing a man named Glover, in tba employment of Mesare. M'Oullooh and Go., tho camera. A waterman and a pioture dealer havo boen drowned at Queenscliffe, whilst bathing;. Tho certifícale of Captain Bird, of the barque William Cowies, has been suspended fortwolvo months, for drunkenness. Tho steamship Hero has sailed. TESTIIIOHIAL so Ms. H. PAnsES.-A publie meeting was Held last night, in the Temperance Hall, for tho purpose of making arrangements for presonting Henry Parkos, Esq., M £ A., with a testimonial, in (recogni- tion of his publio services. Tho hall and gallery of tho hall were crowded to ozcoss. Aldorman Maoiatosh occupied the ohair, and upon tho platform wsro Br. Muller, Alderman Murphy, Messrs. Criohton, Hayes, Graham, Roseby, Wearne, Fowler, M'Farlane, Leslie, and loverai other gentlemen. Tho Chairman oponed the meeting by reading tho advertisement convening it He said that in consenting to take tho chair that evening, he had not dreamt of tho responsibility attaohing to tbs post, and of which the numorous attendance convinced him. He happened to be an Alderman representing that portion of tho city, and he knew of no other reason that ho had been selected to occupy that position. That was a mooting con- vened" for tho atttondance of friends and admirers of Mr. Parkes (applause), and ho hoped that the gentle- men who would address thom would bo cautious in speaking of Mr. Parkes-not to do so in a manner which would be likely to breed discord. It would be very unwise to do so on such an occasion, and ho trusted . they would be cautious in their remarks. (Hear, hoar ) For his own part, ho looked upon his position at the meeting as an official one. Ho had known Mr. Parkes for many y oars, and he knew ho had been instrumental in promoting many measures which had been productive of groat and lasting benefits to the colony. In particular, ho might refer to the prevention of a renewal of transportation to tao colony, which Mr. Parkes had been instrumental in preventing ; also, Mr. Parkos' support of Robert Lowe, Esq , whoso career in Parliament had been productive st so many benefits to tho community ; and also, Mr. FarkeB' opposition to tho Nominee Qovornmont, which had existed at tho time when he was commencing his political career, and which had beon scoutod from tho colony. Mr. Parkes had always exerted himself in behalf of an extension of tho fran- chise, and had effected much in furtherance of this object. He had supported vote by ballot and universal suffrage, find had promoted tho system of free solcation. He considered that tho colony was more indobted to him than to any other person for tha passing of tho Public Schools Act (Immenso appluuse.) He had laboured in ovory way to benefit tho working o lasses. No doubt somo of bis notions had' not mot with tho approval of overy soction of tho com- munity, but that mooting was not tho place to discuss a question of that kind. Ho trusted that none of the speakers would make anv roforenco to political matters.-AHcrman.Murphy said that he had not bad a very lengthened notice of tho meeting ; but even if he had to Rot out of his bed to po to a meeting convened to do honour to Mr. Parkes ho would do BC. (Thunders of applause.) He had known Mr. Parkes, politically, twenty-seven years; although he had not the honour of his private acquaintance ; and ho had believed ia him'whan ha first made his acquaintance, and he believed in him now. (Immense applause ) The chairman had told them soma of tho benefits whish Mr. Parkes had conferred upon tho com- munity. (A voice: Say something about the ghost !") (Hero a great commotion ensued and desires in vory many quarters were expressed that tho interrupter might be maltreated ) Ho did not mind eucn inter- ruptions as that. They would neither hurt them nor their cause. This was not a political or > parlizan meeting, but ono convened for tho recognition of Mr. Parkes s services, which had boon such as overy ono in the colony had bonoQted by. (Applause.) Ho moved tho following resolution with a very gr at deal of pleasure:-"That this meeting, in recognition of the vjluable cervices of Henry Parkes. Esq, and moro especially with regard to the Public Schools Act, desir« to present him-" Hero a porson in tho body of tho hall suggested a recognition of Mr. Parkcs's services after a fashion which caused n tremendous uproar, and ovontually tho interpolator was ejected violently from tho building. After order had been restored, Aldorman Murphy procoeded with the resolution: - "That this mooting, in recognition of tho valuable BO'vbes of Henry Parkes, Esq., and moro especially with regard to tho Publia Schools Act, dosiie to present him with aa estate, to bo vested in the bands of I trustees, for himself and family's benefit; and for that purpose subscription lists bo issued " Mr. ParkeB had been a poor financier; in fact, ho had neglcctod financial matters to a very groat extent. Ho had devoted so much attention to tho welfare of the colony that he had neglected hij own business. Ho considered that this nroporty which it was proposed to invest for Mr Parkes' benefit and that of his family, would bu a go d thing for hie children to look forward to, so ns to show in the futuro the estimation in which their honoured father had been he d by tho public. (Applauee.) Ho thought tho meeting was composedof the right sort of mon for tho achievement of tho object in view, for whatever tho working classes "took in hand thoy accomplished. (Applause ) Individually thoy might not ho ablo to contributo much to the fund to be raised, but lot overy peieon ther« remember tho saying of the Scotah fiihwife, that " Every littlo moke* a muoklo." (Groat applause )-Mr. John DaviB seconded tho reeolution. He said that Mr. Parkes was a gentleman who had fought tho battlo of tho working Casses in tho causo of liberty and freedom. Ha bad devoted his talents in tho causa of oducation ; and at tho outlay of considerable . spense aod ti-o impairment ta a great extent of his bodily health, ho had conferred innumerable benefits upon tho colony. (Applause) Ho asked th» mooting if they wore not proud of Mr. Parker, and if they did not consider that he had effected a lasting good to them and theirs. (Applause.) Mr. Parkes had been instrumental in putting dow'n bushranging. He believed that, thanks to tho Public Schools Aat, bush ranging would, in ton yoars tims, havo bocomo a thing of tho past. (Applause.) Mr, Parkes had done so much for this colony, that ha belioved his name j would livj in tho annals of history ; and bo trusted tho whole country would bo solicited to toko part in tho present movement. (Apt hmso.) Mr. Rosoby briefly addressed the meeting in support of tho resolution. He said he had novor attended any meeting in his life with groattr zeal or heartiness than ho attended that meeting (Applause) They had como thors that night to do something in recog- nition of tho eerviocs of ono of tho ablest men in New South Wales-(great applauso)-and ono who had sprung from the working classes. Ho intondod to support the objects of the mooting to tho utmost of h¡8 powor. He would hoad tho subioriiition list with £10, and ho truBtod that as many persons as possihlo would como forward after tho mooting and join tho subscription - A person now carno forward, and mounting the plat- form, conferrod briofly with tho Ohairmop. Con- siderable apprehension appeared to exist in tho minds of many present that ne was about to address tho moating in opposition to tho resolution proposed, and loud outcries arose that suoh a proceeding must not bs suffered. The pcrcon in question, honorer, did not address tho mooting, and dnsconded from his apparently undue elevation,-Ths Chairman thoa put the resolut on, wh oh was carried by a majority of tho ontire meeting, against two diBsentionts. - Mr, Josoph Wearne then proposed:-''That in furtherance of tho foregoing losolution subscriptions bo forwarded to tho various banks, publia o fíleos, ¿co., throughout tho country."-Mr. Leslio seaonded the motion, whioh was put to tho mooting, and carried unanimously. Tho meeting closed with a voto of thanks to tho chairman, and tbreo cheers for her Majesty, tho Governor, and Mr. Henry ParkcB. Aftor tho mooting had terminated subscriptions woro recoivod. Tne SOAU IK SHEEP ACT-Tho Gazetto of last night contains a proclamation, under tho hand and seal of his Excellency tho Governor, setting forth thur, ?whereas tho disoaso called " Scab in Sheep," is not known to exist in Queensland, his Excellenoy theroby suspends the provisions of sections '15, 40, ana 4.8 of tho said Aot with rcspoot to sheop intro- duced from tho said colony of Queensland, fr tho Eoriod of six months. Tho recent proclamation, pro ¡biting Queensland sheep from crossing the nortborn border, is therefore rovoked, 