THE WEEK'S NEWS. CAPrAiN DonGtAS.—It will be seen from our report of the Marine Board proceedings that Captain Douglas has resigned the position be has long held of President of the Marine Board. This is due to a notification sent him by the Government that be must devote his whole time to the duties of Collector of Customs. Asylum fob Inebhiates.—In connection with the letters of Dr. Wylde and Dr. Maurau and our own article upon the above subject, we extract the following remarks by Dr. laycocb, medical professor at Edinburgh University. They occur in a paper headed "Suggestions for rendering medico-mental science available to the better ad ministration of justice, and the more effectual pre vention of lunacy, vice, and crime." and are pub lished ia the Lancet of t-'eptember 26:—"The vice of irresistible drunkenness is an apt illustration of the transitional form of incapacity and irresponsi bility in which physiological and pathological conditions combine. Nothing is more certain than the fact that a man having attained adult age, with all the responsibilities of a husband, father, and citizen, becomes an incorrigible drunkard, and quite incapable from bodily causes of performing his duties. He is too ofteu a brutal ruffian, commonly a prodigal and a fool; yet the law of England does not provide for an enquiry into his capability of self-control, except in so far as to whether he be insane or not. Pending the solution of this insoluble question, he breeds drunkards to the third and fourth generation, ruins his family, and too often it is only bodily weakness, suicide, raving insanity, or an early death from disease which saves him from the gallows. Surely common sense, Christian ethics, and medical science are agreed here—that it is a question of capability for the performance of duty with which society haB to deal, and not a meta physical question as to insanity. Probably in practice such a method of dealing with these cases would prove the most efficient check on the vice itself/' Settlement in the South-east.—After all that has been said respecting the exodus from this colony of numerous well-to-do farmers as a result of inability to procure new lands on reasonable terms, it 1b extremely encouraging to find that a reaction appears to be taking place in favour of South Australia, now that there is a fair prospect of our land laws being made more liberal and favourable to-men of small means. We learn, on the authority of a respectable Victorian farmer now on a visit here, and who is practically acquaic id with the land regulations of has colony, that himself and not a few others who are holding Crown lands in the Muntham district at the present time nave it in contemplation to remote into this district after the new South Australian Laud Act is in force and'it is seen whether any rear induce ments are offered- to bond, fide settlers. If this does not necessarily imply a degree of defective ness in the Victorian Land Act, it unquestionably speaks volumes for the highly eligible character of the South-East for the purposes of agricultural occupation; and it is most earnestly to be Imped that our rulers -will see the desirability of so work' ing the new Act as to favour the realization-of these prospective- and very satisfactory results-. From Albury. also; very discouraging accounts ate to band. In o$e reliable case we are informed" tfliat a former resident of Mount Gambier purposes returning here on the expiry of a lease which lie now holds.—Mount Sambier Standard. "Utilizing" Wed. Houses.—Mr. King, of Burthong, N.S. W„ has a new way of disposing of the wild horses that are to be founi on his run. The favourite watering-places are "trapped." This "trap" consists of a dam; tank, or waterhole, securely fenced around, and having two swinging gates. The one allows a- mob of horses to enter to drink, and when they do so-the gate is closed by one or two men, who are "planted" a short dis tance away. The second; gate opens into a large stockyard, where the "trapped" horses are kept while the same operation ia- repeated on the next mob, and so the work is carried on both night and dayw By this mode as many- as-100 horses to 150 horse3- are yarded during a- night. The branded horses are returned to their owners or impouuded; | the- unbranded ones are shot and skinned—the skins-selling at 4s. each and the hair at Is. fid. per j lb.-, in Sydney. Mr. King, in conjunction with Mossrs. Hume and Bowen, neighbouring squatters, has within the last 12 moatiis shot over 1,500 horses so caught. Establishment op a Bushman's Home.—A preliminary meeting of persons interested in the establishment of a home for bushmen was held on Wednesday afternoon, December 30, at White's ArlHtratioieBoom, King William-street. A number of gentlemen, chiefly interestedan pastoral pursuits were present, and the matter was taken up very warmly. A report will be found elsewhere. Midnight Missions.—An article in a New York magazine, which has its lessons for much smaller cities, and would, unfortunately, in some particulars be applicable in the meridian of j Adelaide, says—"One-fifth of. the girls who walk our streets at night are linden 16 years of age; and many of them are mere children, not yet 14, and some of them not yet 13 years old. And matters are growing worse ail the time. The teudency iu every department of vice and crime is youthwards. Thieves, burglars, pickpockets, as well as daughters of shame, average many years younger no w than they di&a; quarterof a century ago,.and so do drunkards." "The influx of decent people into the Water-street dens has given the girls courage to assert their ; liberty, and they are becoming less manageable ; than heretofore by their keepers. Many of the up- towu wanderers are also looking for release from their thraldom to sin as they never have lacked for it before. Early memories, long dead, are recalled to life—memories of family worship and ewcet religious instruction; for a large majority of these girls were once Sabbath school scholars, anil many of them are j daughters of Christian, parents. Numbers of i them were formerly. Sabbath- school teachers and members of Christian Churches. The some painful facts have been revealed by the labours of the Midnight Mission in London. Of j 4v0 rescued from the streets and dens of vice in London by that mission, nearly every one had; been a Sabbath-school scholar or teacher, and their aggregate attendance at Sabbath-school amounted to 1,263,years—an average of over thsee years to each girl. The whole country seems to be awaking to the importance of the subject. It is I beginning to be understood that, so long as any-. | body's daughter is neglected, nobody's daughter is safe. The Churches are holding prayer meetings for the especial purpose of invoking divine aid in this work. Offers of assistance are coming in fiom many unexpected quarters. But the work is a gigantic one, and must necessarily be a slow one. The salvation of these girls is a hard problem. The material difficulties are great. They must have shelter,and clothing, and food; they mast have , employment, both mental and phj-sical; they must j have human sympathy and elevated companion ship." A Diminutive Tidal Wave.—At about half past 5 on Thursday morning, the 24th inst., the men working on the night core at the Smelting Works in this town (says the Wallaroa Times), were somewhat alarmed by hearing a peculiar, rushing, roaring sound, coming directly from the ocean. On going outside the works to asceitain the cause they noticed a tidal wave coming in the bay. It broke on the beach, and precipitated itself some 30 yards further than the water pre viously reached, when it retired, and all was again calm. We have heard of no volcanic or other dis turbances to cause this remarkable phenomenon, but there can scarcely be a doubt that it resembled in kind tli"Ugh not in degree the tidal wave experienced on the southern and eastern coasts of this continent, which was occasioned by the fearful earthquake in South America. Presentation.—We had an opportunity on Wednesday afternoon, December SO, of inspecting at the establishment of Mr. H. Steiner, jeweller. Bundle-street, a silver tea and coffee service for presentation to Mrs. Bell, late of the North Adelaide Educational Institution. Mrs. Bell is | leaving the colony by the South Australian, and j her late pupils and friends are taking occasion in j this manner to evince in an appropriate way their i respect and esteem for her. The articles, which j are wholly of silver, consist of two salvers, a -tea | and coffee pot, sugar basin, and milk-jug. The i smaller of the salvers is of colonial make, and > weighs £0 ounces, the other articles weighing col- J lectively 86 ounces. They bear the following in- j script-ion:—" Presented to Mrs. J. M. Bell, by her I pupils and friends, in affectionate appreciation of | her goodness and ability, on leaving South Aus- ] tralia for Scotland. Adelaide, South Australia, December 30,1868." The ai ticles, which are well ] worth examination, can be seen to-day at Mr. Steiner's shop. The Cibcus.—There was a middling attendance on Wednesday evening, and the performances were pleasingly varied, there being a little of all sorts, with a sufficient amount in the aggregate, though the proceedings closed earlier than usual. The afterpiece was certainly an improvement upon those presented on- other evenings; the fun was great, and caused in a thoioughly unobjectionable manner. The exhibition of buckjumping by the trained horse Ducrow was a treat in itself worthy of a visit, and the difficulty in inculcating the art must have been as great as it would be to eradicate the dangerous habit from a liorse given to that vice of Australian weeds. The Moonta and Sea Bifple.—A rumour wa current in Adelaide on Wednesday, December 30, that the Moonta had been obliged to put back. So far as we can learn, that report is utterly without foundation. 1A telegram to the following effect was received by the Government from the Presi dent of the Marine Board;—The Flinders left Troubridge at 6 last night. She did not see the Moonta, which must have had fine fair winds since she left on Sunday. By this timeshe should be GOO or 700 mites on her way. With regard to the Se Bipple, a telegram was received in Adelaide on Wednesday, notifying that she had not sailed the previous day, but that the agent had stated his intention of clearing and sailing on that day (Wednesday).] The Volunteebs.—Information has been sent to the officers commanding companies that no drills are to be held until further notice. This action is consequent upon the non-passing of the Estimates for the Volunteer Department. South Australian Gold.—The shop-window of Mr. E. Sawtell, jeweller, Bundle- street, was besieged by hundreds of .persons on Thursday,: December 31. anxious to obtain a glance at the 1,155023. of South Australian gold, belonging to the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. Anticipatory of the crush and possible interruption of traffic in this, busy quarter of the : city, two policemen bad been judiciously stationed : on the spot to preserve order. The precious metal was displayed in a large glass case, the 1,000 ozs. of Barossa gold having been separated from the 155 ozs. from Jupiter Creek. The peculiar charac teristics of the two kinds of metal were very prominently brought into view when thus con trasted, the Barossa gold being much cleaner and finer than its southern rival. Some very pretty nuggets were shown, which were procured at both gold-fields. Owing to many diggers keeping back their gold, and quantities having been distributed among so many purchasers, not even an approxi mate estimate can be formed as to the total yield of either locality. The fact, however, of so large a quantity having been purchased by one Bank is a safe indication of the extent and payable iiess of these deposits, and it is a satis factory answer to the doubts which were once expressed as to the profitable nature of South Australian gold-fields. The comparative desertion of Barossa and Jupiter Creek at the present time, because of harvesting requirements and the scarcity of water at the former place, has some what lessened public expectation; but interest in both is stiU felt to a very great extent, as the nu merous visits to Mr. Sawtell's shop on Thursday testified. Many old and leading colonists, visited the establishment during the day, and were grati fied at viewing the proof afforded of the success of this South Australian industry. The lot of Barossa gold will be sent to London by the Bank in the Glen Osmond, which will sail on or about January 12, instead of by the South Australian and Orient, as we stated on Thursday. That from Jupiter it is intended shall be sent to Melbourne. It is expected that, as the pmehases by this Bank have averaged nearly 140 ozs. per week, it will be practicable to dispatch nearly 1,200 ozs. of Barossa gold by the Glen Osmond. The purchases by the English, Scottish, and Aus tralian Chartered Bank have now extended over a period of four years, gold having been bought during that time by the accountant, Mr. Stratford (who we understand has had considerable expe rience in this department in Victoria) from diggers at Echunga, Balhannah, Onkaparinga Biver. Gumeracha, aad,. more recently Japiter Creek and Barossa. She total sum paid is this tray during the last three months amounts,-we learn, to about £4,7001 On the 18th July last 205 ozs. 2 dwts. from the fields discovered before Jupiter and Barossa were sent away by the Bank to Melbourne. It is anticipated that on harvesting operations becoming more slack and water plentiful digging will be re sumed on a much- more extensive scale than hitherto. We have seen a cheque received for about 16 ozs. of gold bought by Mr. Sawtell from a digger, and resold to- the Bank—the seller, who brought a sample, which has been pronounced beautiful by those who- examined it, refused to state where it was obtained, intimated that it was from a locality near, but not a known diggings, and admitted that he with-others had done pretty well, but desired to get a " leetle" more before divulging. The parcel appears to be reef gold, or from near one, and the probability is that it comes from a part of the Humbug-Scrub further in than where other diggers have yet been. This, however, is merely a surmise, though- based on likelihood. In addition to the information already given re specting gold purchases, it may be stated that during December the Bank- purchased in all 525 ounces, or an average of 131 ounces weekly. The Northern Station Fires.—The same fire which we mentioned as having consumed feed on the- Wirrabara Kan last week broke oat again on Christmas Day, and extended-north ward down the Wild Dog Creek Run, belonging also to Messrs. Tinline & Murray. The overseer and hands from i Mr. J. H. Angas's Willowie^ Station turned out and-assisted in extinguishing it. After a conside rable amount of exertion they- succeeded in extin guishing it near the boundary. No sooner had that been effected than they discovered that a fire was raging beyond Bangor, on Mr. J. H. Angas's run. The party immediately rode over, and, joined by th9 settlers on the survey,, worked at it till a late hour at night, leaving it- apparently safe. On Saturday morning, at 11 o'clock, another fire broke out in Messrs. Grant & Stokes' paddock near. Haverhill, about three miles from Melrose. Mr. Angas's men were quickly- on the spot, and ultimately succeeded in getting it put out. On Sunday morning, about 2 o'clock,. the overseer at Willowie awoke, and perceived a bright flashing light in his room. He immediately sprung out of bed,, and on going out discovered that the store j situated near the dwelling- house was on fire. He ' rang the alarm bell to summon the men, and I rushed into the office to secure the books and papers, which, with the assistance of the men on I arrival, he was enabled to do; also saving the office desks and furniture. Before this was i accomplished, however, the roof was in a blase and falling in, so that nothing else aould be rescued from the flames. The tore with all its contents, were destroyed,, to the supposed value of £400 or-£500—all uninsured. The overseer was the last person in the store about 9 a.m. on Saturday evening, when all was-safe. The storekeeper had his hand rather severely burnt in saving the books, &c.;, but no other per son was injured. There is no evidence to show how the fire originated. "While the fire was raging at Bangor two men were removing a burning post in the line of fence, and whilst in the act a flash of lightning struck the iron wire, giving them a shock, but not seriously injuring them. The Goolwa Fire.—The subjoined additional particulars of the fire at Goolwa are supplied by our local correspondent. He says-—" Shortly before 4 o'clock in the afternoon of Christmas Day the inhabitants of Goolwa were alarmed by a fire, which appeared at a distance to be at the rear of the Goolwa Hotel. Police-trooper Moriarty immediately went to the scene of the conflagration, when he found the stables at the back of Mr. McCarthy's office and Mr. Chrystal's saddler's shop in flames. As many of the inhabitants as were at home were speedily got together, and set to work with a will to extinguish the flames, which appeared to threaten the whole of the block of build ings comprising Mr. T. Goode's spacious stores, the Goolwa Hotel, Messrs. McCarthy's offices, Chrystal's saddler's, and Field Brothers' butchers' shops. Fortunately the wind aided the efforts made, for it veered round and blew the flames away from the buildings threatened. It was, how ever, with great difficulty that Mr. Chrystal's shop was saved, it being built of weatherboards. Police-trooper Moriarty, seeing the great danger which threatened the place, with assistance broke in the shop-door, and succeeded in getting out all the stock-in-trade, books, &c.; The back of the store had caught fire before they had well cleared the place. Owing to a plentiful supply of water from the tanks in the neighbourhood, the fire was eventually got under, the destruction of two stables, some fencing, and the back of Mr. Chrystal's store being the prin cipal damage. An enquiry into the origin of the fire took place at Glover's Hotel on Monday, December 28, before Mr. B. F. Laurie, S.M., and a respectable Jury; Mr. S. Hake Foreman. From the evidence it appeared that the fire had been caused by some little children playing with matches. Nine of the Jurors were of this opinion, and returned a verdict accordingly; the other three dissented from this view, thinking that there was not sufficient evidence to lead to such a conclusion. Kapunda AT THE Close OF 1S6S.—In its retro spect of the year the Kapunda Herald says of local affairs:—"In our own township there is not much to note in the way of new buildings—this being a natural result of the stagnation of trade. True, we have at length got an old building transformed into a new Post-Office; but it is not yet open to public use, although the old premises had been purchased before the commencement of the past year. In the way of water supply, the area of the dam has been enlarged, and conside rable further improvements are likely to be shortly effected in conjunction with the Government. Ere the close of another year we may hope to see a considerable improvement in the lighting of the town, a Gas Company having been formed, which has already commenced operations, and the plant for which is now on its way out, it being confi dently anticipated that the works will be in full operation during the coming winter. In educa tional matters there has been no great change. There is a slight increase in the number of private schools in the town; but the Institute has not received the support it should command. In ecclesiastical matters there has been but little change. The Episcopalians have considerably enlarged their place of worship. No change in the. pastorate of any of the churches has taken place with the exception of tbe Roman Cathol. js— from amongst whose clergy death has snatched one or two victims, whose places have since been filled up—and the Baptist denomination, whose* former pastor (the Rev. Mr. Claxton) left them early in the year for Victoria. His successor has just been appointed in the person of the Rev. Mr. Hay, who has been officiating at Mount Gambler for the past two and a half years. We see much that we have reason to be thankful for—much on which to congratulate ourselves; and turning to the future there is much that is bright ..and promising to cheer one on the way—many indica tions of material and social prosperity, which should render our labours cheerful and hopefuL" Fbom Coppeb to Gold.—We (Kapunda 'He rald) are glad to leam that many of the former tributers at the Kapunda Mine, who on their dis charge therefrom determined to give the Yatta Diggings a trial, have succeeded in making fair wages;in many instances far more than they were at the mine. Mr. Moyle informs uaof one party which cleared about 43 per week per piau, Strange Accident at Strath axbyn.—A rather singular accident happened onDecember30 in a .paddock of Mr. King's, at Strathalbyh. Mr. C. Bobertson had brought his machine on the ground to thrash the wheat, and shortly after the start was made, all hands requisite being in attendance, the machine , for a very ehort time seemed to work stiffly, and before the : horses could be polled upan explosion took place accompanied by a. noise resembling the discharge from a small cannon. Several pieces of the ironwork were twisted into various shapes and thrown high into -the air, and some of the woodwork was rent and dispersed. Strange to say no one was hurt; but Mr. Bobertson. who acted as feeder, had a very narrow escape. The owner is quite at a lot i to account for the cailse of the accident. The Detective Force.—The Government have under consideration the question of. farther re trenchment, by wiping out the detective police force, but have not yet arrived at a positive'- deci sion, though the probability is that as a separate body it will cease shortly. Official documents which have been published showed that the Com; missioner of Police strongly favours the retention i of the force. Pabty ok Board the Geek Osmond.—Captain Angel, of the ship Glen Osmond, entertained a number of ladies and gentlemen on board his ; handsome vessel on Wednesday evening. The poop and part of the main" deck were entirely covered in with sails and awnings, and the former i tastefully decorated with Sags mid coloured lamps. Schroder's Band was engaged, and dancing was kept up till the small hours, with the exception of an interval towards midnight, during which an adjournment was made to the saloon. A very recherche supper was then provided, Mr. J. .Lavin being the caterer, and full justice was done to the worthy captain's hospitality. Before resuming the dance, the health of Captain Angel was drunk and appropriately responded to. Accident at Glenelg.— On Tuesday morning, December 29i an accident happened af the jetty, Glenelg, to a little boy. 10 years of age, son of Mr. W. K. Thomas, It appears that hie was at the bottom of one of the flights of eteps leading into the water, near the end of the jetty, pulling shells from the posts, and while careless!y looking another way tried to go down further; but the step was missing, and be was precipitated into the water. The Bev. H. M. Pollitt. who wm rtn f.ltA jetty at the time, immediately pulled off his coat and boots, plunged ia, and brought the boy safely to shore, thus probably saving his life by his promptitude and bravery, Reveb News.—A letter to us from Went worth,, dated December 21, reports the Prince Alfred as having sailed for Milang at 2 fi.m. that day, with 70 bales wooL The river was falling, and it was thought would probably dose the river trade for the season in two or three weeks. Thb: Bush Missionabv " William." —At a recent temperance meeting- held at Kapunda in the Baptist Chapel, Mr. John Williams, the total abstinence lecturer, speaking of " William," the well-known bush missionary,, is reported to have said that be'' had travelled 3,000miles in 16 months and had travelled over 2,000 miles a year for some years on total abstinence principles; indeed, he went further* and did not dnnk- tea or coSt'e, but only water and milk, when ho could get it; he would not even accept a lift in-a cart or dray, or travel on horseback; but performed his journeys on foot with a staff in his hand. Ho thought it would be a tough job'to find a man who-liked a little drop who could do-that." Military Changes.—A New Zealand paper says:—"A rumour lately prevailed in military circles in Wellington that the 73rd-Regiment, from China, would, for the purpose of recruiting their health, relieve the 2nd battalion of the 18th Regi ment, now stationed in this colony. The Welling ton Advertiser^ however, sayB that the home authorities have not, up to the latest date, the slightest intention of leaving any troops in the colony; and the United Service Gazette of the 5th September, in giving the settled distributions of the army, has the following:—"2nd. battalion, 18th, New Zealand. This battalion will shortly be re moved to Australia, and will he stationed at Sydney, Adelaide,- and Brisbane.'" Poet August a. B a tt.way.—At the last meeting of the Central Railway Committee in Portland Mr. Henty in the chair—the Western Times says: —"The Secretary, acknowledged receipt of the South AustralianAct for construction of the line towards Port Augusta. Resolved,, that copies be circulated through the local papers, and that the Commissioner of Railways be again.written to with reference to the Engineer promised to be sent to examine the line." School Examination, Bbomptsn.—The annual examination of Mrs. Aslon's school took place on Wednesday, December 23. There was a good attendance of scholars, parents, and friends. The Rev, S. L. Harris was Chairman, and Messrs! VVhinh'airi and Moore acted as examine The infant school was first examined, and the children acquitted themselves welL The senior pupils were then tested in. reading, spelling, arithmetic,, geography, and. history, the result: being satisfac tory. A sacred drama was recited by four, and several pieces were sung. The prizes were distri buted by the Chairman in appropriate terms. Mrs. Aston was presented with a handsome photo graphic album by the senior pupils as a token of respect on her relinquishing her scholastic duties, aud the infant scholars presented Miss Aston with a smelling-bottle. Votes of thanks were carried; by acclamation. Seasonable Publications.—We are in receipt of a handy-sized Australian annual, issued in Mel bourne by Mr. W. H, Williams, containing tales, sketches, poems, and funimeats, well got up and illustrated. It is readable aud entertaining.—A neat presentation almanac, printed in several colours, prepared by Mr. D. Gall as an advertising, medium, has also come to hand, and will no doubt be appreciated by all recipients. Nabeow Escape.—Last evening (says the Ka punda Herald of December 31) Mr. Joseph Gurr's dweliing-house had a narrow escape of being, burnt down. It appears that the girl had been ironing during the afternoon, and, as is too commonly the practice, had hung the clothes across- a horse placed in front of the fire, leaving them there. From some cause (probably a spark from the fire> they became ignited, and blazed furiously. The alarm, was given by the girl, and fortunately Mr. (Juet's man was at hand, who succeeded in ex tinguishing the flames with a few buckets of water; but not before the whole of the clothes were consumed. The kitchen being an under ground one, it was most fortunate that the fire was discovered so soon, otherwise nothing could have saved the upper floor from taking fire, in which case the house would have been doomed. Railway Tbaffic.—The traffic on the Stuih Australian Railways for the week ended December 19 wasPoit line—Passengers, 5,795; fares, £252 10s. 7d.; goods, £208 2s. 2d. North line— Passen gers, 1.S07; fares. £388 8s. 10d.; goods, £1,1383s. 9d. Total. £1,9S7 5s. 4d. Railway Tbaffic.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended December 26 was:—Port Line—Passengers, 9,342; fares, £357 lis. 2d.; goods, £146 16s. Id. North Line—Pas sengers. 3.257; fares, £617 lis. SiL; goods, £723 2s. 4d. Total, £1,875 Is. 3d. Comical Modern Superstition. — We (Kapunda Herald) are informed on good authority that J. M., a shepherd in the employ of a squatting firm on the Gilbert, having been troubled with erysipelas in the leg, consulted, several (unqualified) medical practitioners with- out obtaining relief, and placed himself under the care of a Mrs. O'B., a person whose wonderful cures have rendered her somewhat notorious. She having exhausted her natural resources without success had recourse to the supernatural, and informed J. M that the only means of cure remaining was to get the leg rubbed by a man who had had seven sons, at the same time pointing out that such a one was to be found in the neighbour hood of Kapunda. Will it be believed that the unfortunate man got a neighbour to drive him a distance of about twelve miles to the residence of the father biessed with a lucky number of sons, for the purpose of requesting the exercise of his magical power! The announcement of the pur port of the visit evoked considerable laughter from the astonished head of the family, but anxious to humour the sick man be complied with his request. The affected limb having been rubbed in the orthodox manner, J. M. went on his way home rejoicing. In conclusion, we regret to say that the supernatural means employed have proved just as ineffective as the other, poor M's leg being still as bad as ever. Chapel Anniversary.—On December 20 and 25 the anniversary services of the Bible Christian Chapel, Auburn, were held. On Sunday sermons were preached—in the morning and evening by the Rev. W. Richards (Gawler), and afternoon by the Rev. J. S. Wayland (Saddleworth). On Christmas Day a tea meeting, held in the Town Hall, was well patronised, there being 300 or 400 persons present. At the public meeting, held in the chapel, Mr. P. Badcock presided. The Rev. J. Rock read the financial statement, from which it appeared that the debt had been reduced £50 during the year. The total receipts had been £209 0s. 6d.; disburse ments, £219 18s. 5d. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Day, Richards, Lang, and Rock. The choir enlivened the meeting by singing several anthems. Proceeds of anniversary services, about £100. The Theatre Royal.—The entertainment pre sented at the Theatre Royal on Thursday night deserved to be much better patronised. The per formers—vocal, instrumental, gymnastic, comic, and operatic—went through the varied programme with wonderful spirit The exploits of the St. Leon Brothers on the horizontal bar, and of Mr. St. Leon with the globe, were especially clever; and many other parts in a very comprehensive bill were admirably gone through. The burlesque opera of "LaSonmunbula*' is vastly provocative of laughter, and the entertainment is a thoroughly enjoyable one of ita Wui Ttttt VotitJNTEEB DEPABTitEOT.—We believe no« tices have been sent to various officers iu the Vo lunteer Staff Office that their services are to be dispensed with at the end of the year. This step has been taken in accordance with the policy of the Government, expressed in a recommendation in a message from His Excellency to the House of Assembly. We understand the names of the officers who are to be struck off are—lieutenant Slater, Drill-Sergeant O'Carroll, and Buttman Richard McNulty. In the Armoury Staff the re ductions proposed are—Sergeant Downie (Store keeper and Armourer), and two subordinates in the office—Hoskins and Olifant. Railway Accident.—As the 2.30 train was passing the second level crossing from the Bowden Station it came into collision with a horse and cart belonging to a hawker of vegetables, named Batty. The cart was smashed to pieces, and the horse thrown violently into the ditch, but it quickly regained its legs, and made good use of them, being apparently unhurt. Mr. Batty was also thrown down and stunned by the shock, but soon recovered. The buffer of the engine likewise received some damage, and to those who wit nessed the occurrence it appeared almost miraculous that no more serious mischief was done. The Rev. C. W. Evan.—We are informed that it is the intention of the Bev. C. W. Evan to pro ceed to England by the St. Vincent, which is advertised to sail about the end of January. The Vest Bev. Dean Eabeell.—It was an nounced some time ago that the Dean of Ade laide, who has ministered at Trinity for 23 years, was becanse of the failing state of his health, under medical advice, about to pay a visit to England with a view to recruit, and we have now to announce that he sailed per Aldinga to Mel bourne ou Tuesday, accompanied by Mrs. Eairell. As was very natural, his congregation at Trinity Church desired to meet him prior to the intended separation, and accordingly on Monday evening, December 28, a social reunion took place in the schoolroom, when there was a large attendance, which would have been even greater had not the holidays led many attendants out of town. The Bishop presided, and gracefully and touch ingly referred to the Dean's long residence among them and his intended departure for a lime in pursuit of health. His Lordship was followed by Captain Hart, M.P., Mr. S. Tomkinson, and the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, who briefly alluded to the circumstances under which they had met, and expressed hopes for his speedy recovery and in creased usefulness on his return. Mr. Main (senior Churchwarden) feelingly read the subjoined parting address:— "Reverend and Dear Sir—On the eve of your departure from amongst us we cannot refrain from expressing our heartfelt sympathy with you in your severe sufferings, and our sincere hope that the voyage you contemplate may again restore you to your wonted health. " We cannot look back on your lonR and faithful services amongst us without feeling deeply thankful to our Heavenly Father that we have been privi leged to enjoy your ministrations for so lengthened a period. Your name and labours are so inti mately woven in all the associations connected with Trinity Church that we feel, in parting with you, we are for a time losing one of the pillars of the Church; and yet, remembering how manfully you have borne the * heat and burden of the day,' our feelings of deep regret and sadness at parting with you are relieved by the hope that you may gain renewed health and strength in the genial climes you purpose visiting. " We have assembled together this evening to wish you, in old-fashioned phrase, a hearty 'Good by;' to assure. you that, though eeas roll between us, and the distance that separates us may be great, our prayers will ascend to the throne of grace that God in His infinite mercy may watch over, and guard, and bless you, and restore you tons again. " Farewell." In reply, the Dean, in a few words, spoke of his past connection with his congregation, referred to what had been the leading truths he had taughti the chief lessons he had sought to inculcate. In concluding, he intimated that although he in tended leaving by the Aldinga on Tuesday for Melbourne, with the purpose of thence going to Tasmania, and from there to England, he had re solved that if he could sufficiently reinvigorate himself in the bracing climate of Tasmania, he would remain there for a time, and then return to South Australia without going to Great Britain. Arrangements had been made for the conduct of affairs in his absence, inasmuch as the services would be confided to his curate, the Bev. R. Reid, and the Rev. W. W. Ewbank, in whom he and his people had full confidence, because of their ability and past faithfulness. Citt Pastorates.—The departure of the Rev. the Deau of Adelaide in search of health adds another to the somewhat numerous list of city pastors ef several denominations at present, from one cause or another, out of harness, whose pulpits are, however, being efficiently supplied. The list now embracesChurch of England.—Trinity—In cumbent, Rev. DeanFarrell, left for Tasmania; to he supplied by the Revs. Richardson Reid (curate) and W. W. Ewbank. St. Paul's—Incumbent, Rev. Canon Russell, now in England; occupied at pre sent by the Revs. G. Dove and IL Qowilt. Congre gationalist.— North Adelaide—Pastor, Rev. J. Jefleris, in England, but shortly expected; various ministers of different bodies, with some laymen, assist-in supplying. Stow Church—Rev. C. W. Evan, on the eve of leaving for England, to be absent twelve months; leading Congregational ministers in Victoria and New South Wales, with some in South Australia, are to officiate, and occa sionally laymen. Presbyterian.—Chalmers Church, late minister. Rev. J. Gardner, resigned and re moved to Tasmania; the pulpit is being filled by Presbyterian ministers, assisted by others, pending the appointment of a successor. Flinders-street— Bev. J. Lyali, absent in Tasmania for three months; several ministers are preaching alter nately. Methodist New Connexion—Minister, Rev. J. Maughan, will he laid aside for a few weeks from the effects of an accident; upon bis colleague, the Rev. Mr. Merriman, will devolve the extra duties. Fire at Goolwa.—On Christmas Day a fire at Goolwa destroyed a large amount of property, com prising the greater portion of wooden premises, stabling, and sheds occupied by and belonging to Messrs. C. McCarthy (surveyoi) and Field, together with a variety of articles and a quantity of hay. Mr. McCarthy had a very valuable collection of birds in an aviary consumed, and his xnaps and papers were thrown iuto confusion. Some valuable securities and other papers in an iron safe are, however, believed to be quite secure. Mr. J. Chrystal, saddler, also sustained considerable loss, as his Ehop has suffered severely, and the stock is materially damaged. Mr. McCarthy was in Ade laide at the time, and Mr. Chrystal at the Murray mouth. The property of the former is uninsured; hut that of the latter and Mr. Field is partly covered, it is understood, by a policy in the Equitable. Duelling on the Darling.—A report lias reached us of a duel, said to have been fought with pistols at early dawn in a lonely nook of the river bank. One of the combatants is stated to have re ceived a slight flesli wound in the arm, but other wise both were scatheless, and it was supposed that a quarrel overnight was thus made up. So much for advancing civilization! Quotations of Wheat and Flour at Clare.— Mr. Kimber, of Clare Mill, desires to contradict the statement of a correspondent whose letter, dated December 21, appeared in the Register of the 24th, and we willingly insert that gentleman's reply. He says:—"The lowest price yet offered this season for good wheat has been 3s. Id. per bushel, and flour has not been higher than 2fls. per bag for old for many weeks past. New is now 18s. per bag." He adds that "such statements are only sent to 6erve some purpose—either to puff a friend or spite an opponent," and considers that while he is advertising to give the highest price for wheat farmers might "take these statements for truth, without calling to enquire what price am giving." The Damage to the Eangatira.—We under stand that the claim made upon the Government by the owners of the Rangatira for damage done to the screw two months ago lias been allowed. The amount involved is trifling. The Ai.itanda Mine.—Wc understand that 400 ounces of silver from the Almanda Mine was re ceived at the Company's office, in Adelaide, on Monday last. Remission of Sentence.—Hia Excellency has been pleased to remit the sentence of W. Lennon, a boy, who it will be remembered was at the last Criminal Sittings sentenced to three months' im prisonment for perjury. His liberation took place two or three days ago. The Sea Ripple.—The Sea Ripple, purchased for the use of the Northern Territory party, was to have sailed from Melbourne on Tuesday, December 29, but so far as we know no intimation of its actual departure has been received. The Lands Titles Office.—The following ap pointments have been made in the Lands Titles Office:—W. F. Burrowes to take the place of W. Stow, resigned; O. W. Fesenmeyer to take the place of W. F. Burrowes, promoted; J. B. Fenn, formerly cadet, to be clerk of the 5th class; and R. Bectson to be cadet. Boat Accident at Poet Victor.—On Satur day (26th), a boat containing two men, Wigler and Davis, was capsized aboutbalf a mile east of Victor Harbour Jetty. James Macdonald, a boatman, on being informed of the accident, took the Harbour-Master's dingey, and, with another hand, pulled to the scene, and took the two men off and towed their boat to shore. The men had been in the water nearly an hour, were almost exhausted, and they could not have held on much longer when rescued. One of the men, while struggling, ost a valuable watch. Mb. T. P. Hill.—Mr. T. P. Hill, well and favourably known in Adelaide as an elocutionist, oratorical lecturer, and author of several educa tional works, has just arrived from Melbourne, .and will shortly appear before the public. To his former subjects he has lately added what he terms " Brain Printing, or the art of photographing ideas upon the memory by association of resemblance.' In this, if we may judge by the notices in the Sydney papers, he seems to have been singulariy successful. The Sydney Morning Herald says of him in March last that " at the close of his lecture he proved the truth and'practical utility of his art by a variety of very curious and extraordinary feats, which afforded great amusement and created much astonishment;" and again "a truly marvellous j facility was displayed by him as he read j off with the mind's eye brain-printed facts j of a most difficult and comnlieated cha racter." The Sydney Evening Hews of March 23 mentions Mr. Hill's engagement by the Council of Education to give lectures to the teachers and pupil-teachers of the public schools j Of these upwards of 300 attended, and the effect of his lectures appears to have been something won. j derful. "As a proof of what could be accom plished by a proper appeal to the reflective faculties i of the mind, Mr. Hill on Thursday chalked a long 1 list of arbitrary words on the blackboard; and I after reading them over slowly once they were J wiped out, and immediately reproduced by the | audience. No notes were taken. On calling for i the whole of the list on Saturday they were at once forthcoming without hesitation or mistake. The power of the association method which Mr. Hill takes is so strong that his hearers are able to cor rect him if he makes the slightest trip." The Sydney Empire of March 28 says:— "The manner in which Mr. Hill handled his subject, and the wonderful rapidity with which he answered ques tions involving great power of memory, struck the audience with surprise, and elicited hearty and well-deserved rounds of applause.'' We shall look forward with much interest to the delivery in Ade laide of Mr. Hill's lectures, which we hope may prove both attractive and useful. Abt Union Prizes.—We had an opportunity of seeing on Tuesday the £90 prize won by the Very Eev. 0. Smyth in the Scottish Art Union drawing, called "The Alarm." It is a large-sized picture, possibly of some incident in Scottish history, re presenting apparently a Highland chief and lady in a wild heathery country, where they seem to have been camping, for the embers of a fi e are to be noticed close under the rock behind which they : are sheltered. Over the hills in the background is a companion or guide, who has just discovered a source of alarm in the distance^ to the object of which he is pointing as he runs to join the others. The female is looking in the direction indicated with anxiety, though evidently with full confidence in her protector, resting her hand upon his shoulder, while he, evidently some mis chief having been expected, has his sword in his right hand, and his other upon his shield which he has just reached from the ground. Behind them is an old canny Scotchman, with his hands upon his musket peering into the distance, and ready for action as soon as occasion arises. The stvleof the work is characterized with great freedom of touch, and the principal portions of the scene are brought out with much clearness and power. The two centre figures are exquisitely painted, both as regards the dress and the features themselves, standing out as they do wonderfully lifelike, while the background, though plain and simple, is skilfully arranged, so as to heighten the general effect, and at the same j time convey a vivid idea of the roughness of the j country On the whole the picture, which is by Maedonald, will form a valuable acquisition to our colonial specimens of art. It is to be hoped it, as ' well as the prizes we noticed a few days ago, may 6ome day be made available to the public for in spection at one of our Arts Exhibitions. Another prize in the same Society consists of a pariau statuette of " Penelephon the Beggar Girl"—a very nice little work, standing about 18 inches high. Accident to Kev. J. Maughan.—On Monday, December 28, the Eev. James Maughan and a number of persons connected with his chureh started at about half-past 9 in the mormng from Franklin-street, and proceeded in one of Cobb and Co.'s omnibuses to Water .Gully, near Anstey's Hill, for picnicing. It was intended that the party should on their return visit the chapel at Hope Valley, where a tea meeting was to be held, and Mr. Maughan was to deliver his lecture on "Beef steaks and Apple Dumplings." A pleasant day was spent, and the return was commenced about 4 o'clock. The party were proceeding down the Gully-road when one of the horses refused to answer the rein, and by its I struggles tipped the vehicle over the edge on to a tree growing just underneath. Mr. Maughan, expecting the vehicle to turn right over, jumped to save himself, and lighted on the rocks beneath, spraining both ancles very severely. At the time there were six ladies inside, and Mr" Maughan, Mr. Merrimau, and another gentleman outside, a portion of the party having gone on before. The driver, we are informed, is exonerated from all blame, he being a thoroughly trustworthy man. The accident was caused by the absence of a break on the vehicle, the man being thus unable 1 to stop it. Mr. Maughan was the only person who j sustained any injury, and we are informed that I his ancles in all probability will not be sufficiently strong to enable him to walk for about six weeks. At the time of the accident Mr. Newman and several other residents gave their assistance in righting the omnibus, and Mr. Maughan was con veyed to town and attended by Dr. WbittelJ. Valedictory Meeting at Robert-street : Chapel, Hinditaesh.—A correspondent ha j supplied the following:—" A tea meeting was held i in the Robert-street Chapel, Hiudmaisb, on the evening of Monday, December 2S, in order to give 1 the members and friends an opportunity of ; bidding farewell to Mr. S. Kidner, who is about to i visit England for the purpose of recruiting his ; health, which recently lias been much impaired ■' Mr. Kidner, for several years past, has zealously i laboured in the cause of Christ at Hindmarsh ami i Crafers without fee or reward, and the esteem in ! which he is held was evidenced by the lar^e 1 attendance, visitors being present from Aim* : Plains, Two Wells, Crafers. and otherAt i the conclusion of the tea a public meeting was held under the presidency of Mr. Thomas Ma^arey who, m his opening address, warmly eulogized the ' character of Mr Kidner. Mr. Thomas Porter ' then, in warm and feeling terms, presented to Mr ■ Kidner. on behalf of the Church, an illustrated I Bible, as a memento of the high esteem in ! wluch lie is held by the members. Mr ■ Kidner, who was evidently much effected ' thanked them for the kindness disolayed - towards him, and m the course of his reblv re. i marked that this was the third instance in whiVh n i copy of the Word of God had been receuUy pre. ' sented to him, the Church at Crafers aud the ! jlouds Mfiu s Association having proviouslv he- I stowed upon him a similar gift. Such manifesta tions of then: love towards bun were, he assured them, sincerely reciprocated. Messrs. John Laurie. T. J. Gore, Judd, H. S. Earl, and P Santo each testified to the Christian zeal ho-ni tahty and open-handed generosity of Mr. Kidner i the latter gentleman humorously remackinc that 1 be was sure, from practical experience, that Mr Kidner oil his arrival in England would find him self farther from home than ever he was in his life The meeting, which was characterized by much warmth of feeling and Christian love, concluded as it commenced, with singing and prayer " A Singular Verdict.—The following curious I verdict was returned by a Jury in an inquest, lately i held near Sandhurst, on the body of Thomas ' O'Keefe, a beerhouse-keeper, who, the Jury found ! had "drowned himself while in a state of insanity ■ through drink, aud from ill-usage from Irs wife ' Mary O'Keefe." A letter written by deceased i shortly before his death explains this "ill-u«age " as the following extracts will show:-" Axe Creek 5th Novemoer, 1858.—Mr. O'Rourke—It is with heartfelt sorrow that I have to leave this stnteiren' rif mv cmpiaai mloiiiirvn of my suicidal intention. Before you seeThiflDr • shall be no more. I am forced to this by the ill i treatment of my lady wife. In fhefirst place f left the police, and was persuaded by her and h<-r to sell my cows and buy this unfortunate shanty. I was led by women to mv grief I had cows, and wanted to increase, but rav JadV would cry when she would be wanted to make the butter up. bo now from that time I could not real tm r bought the Axcdaic Hotel for £-255, for which sum ' I could make a living for 10 years. NowtmS j grievances In the first place, Mary Crohan-'I shan t call her by her married name, for she is not worth it—if lam from the house whatever fellow is m they can pall her about without a rebuff I For the last 12 months I had to wash my own i shirts, &c.;, and patch them, as Mary had the mastering all through. She would hide the bread, meat, tea, and sugar, in order that I should not, have any. On the 3rd November, 'fis. T went S Mr. O'Rourke s in order to have some ^ttte branded, but when I returned, as I did not bring a bag of flour, I was called all the -— and wretches that could be laid hold on by tongue. Now Mr O'Rourke. I leave you my sole executor to my estate. Dispose of it to the best advantage for the children (three). . . What I have stated herein are not one-tenth of my sorrowful state, but 1 pity the poor fellow that she will entrap By the short detail I have given you of my ladr it is only a brief sketch. It would take a ream of paper to state her ill-conduct and inconstancy to me which the surrounding neighbours can prove, also her children of this, and if tbey don't lie they will tell the truth. . . . . So I will leave the rest to be conjectured how I have lived for the last 18 months.—Thos. O'Keefee." Rare Shrub.—A very rare and remarkable shrub is at present in flower in the Borough Council Reserve. Mr. Davis, the Town Clerk frays the Casllemaine Daily JITews). calls it the Grevillese robnsta, and says he knows but of one other plant in the colony. It is of a deep amber colour, and from the immense number of stamens it resembles at a distance a large centipede just escaped from a cask-of yellow ochre. But the most curious feature in it is that the flower itself carries a beautiful syrup, which looks and tastes like fine treacle or molasses. The Northern Territory Expedition.—The Moonta, having been previously towed to the North Arm. and thence to opposite the Sema phore, sailed down the Gulf on 'Sunday, the 27th, at 5 a.m.; but, as will be seen from our shipping reporter's notice, it was towards evening before the breeze freshened and enabled her to get well away from tbeland. When the tug left, all on board were in good health and in ex cellent spirits. The Surveyor-General remained on board during the whole of the time between the vessel leaving the wharf and getting clear off. Whilst the Moonta lay at anchor, an immense number of visitors from the City and Port went on board, and found the men settling down to their new duties. The party have been divided into watches, and all requisite instructions have been issued by Mr. Goyder, whose abilities as a disci plinarian are sufficiently well known. One pas I senger has come to grief—a working bullock, which had lain down, having been trod to death by its fellows, and then consigned to a watery grave. There is room for some slight congratulation [ apparently in the fact that the members iff this expedition are cordial and united, and express the fullest confidence in their leader, their sentiments on this point having keen constantly and without | hesit dion stated by officers and men. Volunteer Select Committee.—The Select Committee on the Volunteer Force, which com menced its sittings on September 8. finished taking : evidence on Thursday, December 24. About 70 witnesses have been examined, and several of these twice and three times over. The Committee will lay their report before Parliament on its reassembling. Fire at Werrabbarra Station, Mount Re markable.—A bush fire broke out at 5 a.m. on the morning of the 24th, in the direction of Wild Dog Creek, on Wirrabbarra Eun. The police at Melrose and a number of settlers proceeded to the locality; and from various sources we learn that feed for 17,490 sheep, chiefly in enclosed paddocks, was burnt. It appears that the fire was not con fined to the run named, but spread into others near. Accident at Melrose.—A little boy about seven years old, son of Mr. Thomas Marshall, storekeeper, Mount Remarkable, met with a severe accident on the 22nd. He was climbing a tree, and when about 14 feet from the ground lost bis hold and fell, breaking his leg near the thigh. It is con jectured that in falling the poor little fellow caught his chin against a projecting branch, as some of his teeth were knocked out, and his chin much grazed. The patient is, however, doing as well as can be expected. Aquatics. — The establishment of the South Australian Club-House at the Port by Mr. Buck nail, and the introduction of a light class of pulling boats, has proved an incentive to aquatic sports, and on Monday, the 28th, the following races took place: — First Race—Scullers.—Three boats started, and the prize was won by H. Bing; the umpire award ing second place to Eenrick on account of his having been fouled by Me ad, who came in second. Second Bace—Pair Oar Gigs.—There were two entries—Blakey and Mead against Miller and Bing. This was a splendid race, especially towards the finish, when the boats were almost neck and neck, Blakey and Mead winning by a bare half length. Third Bace—Pair Oar Gigs.—This was a similar race to the former, and was contested by Bright and Kenrick against W. Miller and Wakeham. This was a capital race throughout, and was won by Miller and Wakeham by only quarter of a length. Mr. B. Main kindly acted as umpire during the races. Bowden Day Schools.—On Friday, December 18, the annual examination of Mr. and Mrs. Lawton's school was held. About 50 parents and friends were present The Bev. G. YV. Patchell presided. On the walls were exhibited specimens of ornamental writing, drawings, &c.;, the work of the boys; also, plain and fancy needlework by the girls. The children were examined in the various subjects required by the Board of Education, and were ready with replieB. A number of recitations were given, and several selected school songs were sung. Master G. Parfitt presided at the harmo nium. The Chairman, with the Rev. S. L. Harris, J.P., Messrs. H. Hunwick, D.C., J. Pickering, and Harry, expressed themselves gratified, and said tbat great praise was due for the proficiency attained. The Rational Anthem being* sung, the pupils withdrew to Mrs. Lawton's schoolroom, and partook of a good tea. Coroner's Inquest.—Mr. E. Ingleby, S.M., held an inquest at the Family Hotel, Norwood, on Saturday, December 26, on the body of a child named Charles James Palmer, aged one year and seven months, which met with its death that morning by falling into a well. A Jury of 13 was empannelled; Mr. M. Burman was chosen Fore man. From the evidence it appeared that at about half-past 9 o'clock ou Saturday morning Mrs. Palmer missed the deceased. In her search for it she noticed the covering over a well on the premises to be missing. On looking down she saw the child's hat. Assistance was rendered by neighbours, and the deceased was brought up out of the well, but life was apparently extinct. Bemedies were applied, and the services of Dr. Benson procured, but without any signs of re turning animation presentiugthemselves. The well, which contained about three and a half feet of water, was30feet deep, and was usually keptcovered. The deceased was the son of Mr. C. J. Palmer, formerly an omnibus conductor, but who has sailed by the Moonta with Mr. Goyder's expedition The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental Death," Dr. Jackson, the Assistant Colonial Sur geon.—The Mount G-ambicr Standard gives some additional items of information respecting Dr. Peel's successor. It says:—" This gentleman, who has lately been appointed as Assistant Colonial Surgeou at Mount Gambler, entered as a student at the Condon Hospital in 1S5S, since which time he has been exclusively engaged in hospital practice. He also matriculated at the University of London in 1859, took the degree of M.B. in 1863. and finaliy that of M.D. in 1866. He also passed the examination for the M.1CG.S., England, in 1S61. He has held the appointment of House Surgeon at the London Hospital for six months, and subsequently that of .Resident Physician for one year. It was during the tenure of the last office that the late severe cholera epidemic broke out, the brunt of which was borne by the London Hospital. For bis success on this occasion Dr. Jackson received a flattering testimonial from the Hospital Committee, with an accompanying cheque for 10D guineas. Besides all subjects re lating to general medicine and surgery. Dr. Jackson has devoted not less than five years to the study of ophthalmic surgery, both at the Moorfields Eye Hospital and at the Eye Hospitals of Vienna and Berlin. Dr. Jackson has only last month taken the M.D. (ad cundcm ) at the Melbourne Univer sity. The above particulars have been commu nicated to us by Dr. Moore, the Colonial Surgeon. We understand that Dr. Jackson will return to Melbourne to complete his arrangements for leaving, and that he hopes to be at Mount Gambier early in the new year." Yoeke's Peninsula Mining Notes.—The men : at work at the costeeuiug pits on the Parrara Company's property have cut a lode presenting precisely similar appearances to the Parramatta lode. As the sections were taken out and opera- ! tions directed with a view to this result, there can be little doubt that so far the Company must he satisfied with the correctness of its calculations.— We regret to learn that the Yorke's Peninsula Mining Company, to which belongs the mines known as the Kuriila and the Duryea, intends t-o suspend operations, at least for a time. For some time past the workings at the Kuriila have been unprofitable, and it was contemplated to sink the shaft another 10 fathoms in order to test the value of the lode at th it depth. This idea is abandoned for the present, and as soon as the workings are cleared thoroughly operations will cease. There are now about 65 tons of ore on the floors, which are being bagged preparatory to being sent away. Ciptain Anthony will take charge of the Yelta Mine, the capfaincy of which was rendered vacant by Captain Kitto tendering his resignation.— Wallaroo Times. Heavy Bainfall at Franklin Harbour.— Our (Wallaroo Times) Franklin Harbour cor respondent writes under date of December 11, 1SCS:—"A violent and terrific thunderstorm burst over the district, accompanied with an immense rainfall, yesterday afternoon, and the rain con tinued thus heavily to descend for fully half an hour. Every flat was literally deluged, and you I may easily imagine all this flow of water tending ' downwards to one uniform level, what a body there must have been collected in some of the creeks. Bushes and shrubs of various kinds, and even trees, which were permitted to grow in the creeks for many years past, have been swept away with the force of the current. ■ I never had seen the creeks in my neighbourhood anything like so high. I believe that we were in the centre of the storm, and witnessed its greatest force, but to what distance it may have extended I cannot as yet say." Major-General Grant, the President Elect. —The following characteristic letter from the pen of the President elect of the United States was written while he was occupying head-quarters at Nashville. Major-General Grant was a warm admirer of the professional abilities of Miss Avonia Jones, who asked him for an autograph letter to accompany his portrait, which she was transmitting by the next post to a friend in Mel bourne, as a memento of the civil war. He made answer thus:—"Nashville, Tennessee, February 18\. 1S64. Your request of an autograph letter from me received an affirmative answer. But what shall 1 write about without a subject? I might tell you of the pleasure with which I witnessed your part in three different plays, but I am affraid (sic J you would find me so poor a critique (sic) on the drama that such a letter would subject me to your pity. Suffice it to say then if the managers of the new theatre should he so fortunate as to secure your services for another engagement, I will visit it frequently, and try io become more appreciative. With great respect, your obedient servant, U. S. Grant, Major General U.S. A." SxEBBtKG's Cmcus. — On Monday evening; December 23, ere was a large attendance at this place of amusement tbe pit and stalls being quite filled. The performance concluded with an after piece of a rather queer character. Sm James Feegdsson's Family.—In answer to enquiries, we may state that we do not know the precise ages of Sir James and Lady Edith Fergusson's two daughters; but we believe that the elder (Susan Georgians) is about eight and the second (Edith Helen) between six and seven years old. The son (Charles) was horn January 17, 1885\. The family name of the late Marquis of Dalhousie, Lady Edith's father, was Bamsay. Sm James Fergosson a Freemason.—"In the person of His Excellency the new Governor of South Australia (Sir James Fergosson, Bart.) the brethren in that distant colony (says the Free masons' Magazine) will have an accomplished and enthusiastic Freemason. Sir James was made in the Apollo University Lodge, Oxford; is an affiliated member of Mother Kilwinning, and was its B.W.M., and as each Frov. G.M. of Ayrshire during five consecutive years; and is at present W.M. of the Marquis of Dalhousie Lodge, London, Ho. 1159. He is also a member of the Oxford fioyal Arch Chapter, and of the CffiQr de lion Encampment of Knights Templars, Oxford." The Press and the Gawi.ee Corporation —We observe, with some astonishment, from our report of the Gawler Corporation proceedings, that no accommodation is reserved for the reporters of ] the public Press, aud that those gentlemen have to take notes under circumstances of great discomfort. We do not like to speak very strongly on the sub ject, as we can hardly suppose that any deliberate intention exists to commit an act of discourtesy; but we shall hope to hear that the omission is rectified, and a disposition shown to encourage that publicity which the ratepayers have a right to demand. Ordination Service.—On Sunday, December 27, an ordination service was held at Christchurch by His Lordship the Bishop, when the Bev. Charles W. Morse, B.A, was ordained deacon. Morning prayer was held at 9 a.m., and the ordination service at 11, when the candidate was presented by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat. The Litany was said by the Bishop, and the Bev. Canon Parr conducted the Communion Service. His Lordship preached a sermon appropriate to the occasion from the words—"But Jesus said unto him, Follow me"—Matthew viiL 22. Mr. Morse will be stationed at Yankalilla, acting as deacon under the Bev. E. T. Howell, of Port Elliot. Society of Arts.—Saturday and Monday were "free days" to the public at the Society of Arts. There was a large attendance on Saturday and on Monday. About 600 persons visited the exhibition. The Theatre Royal.—Mr. Lazar has succeeded in getting together a company for the holidays. It is miscellaneous in its character, and its accom plishments include, in the language of the bills, minstrelsy, gymnastics, and the ballet. In the dearth of dramatic talent, which causes com plaint in colonies more addicted to the histrionic than South Australia, we must rest content with what can be had, and really the three classes of performers succeed in presenting an excellent entertainment. The Christy chorus, if not a large one, includes some good voices, and the jokes of Bones and Tony are above the ayerage. We have not yet become sufficiently acquainted with the peculiar abilities of the singers to be able to comment on them individually, but many of the choruses rendered by them are delightful. A second part of the programme includes a melange musical, terpsichorean, and acrobatic. Master Augustus has made himself amaziugly expert in the management of his globe rolante. Be trips about on it as if it was a pair of pumps, makes it spin along the stage and roll up narrow boards with astonishing ease. N. LaFeuillade's imitation of Scotch airs on the violin is a treat. Theinstru ment seems to be thoroughly under the musician's control, and his representation of the bagpipes would be passed as highly creditable by any wearers of a kilt. Mr. G. Loyal and a small boy go through the swinging bamboo trick which brought the Japanese such celebrity, and in the operation almost too much daring is exhibited. Tony's "Babylon's a Falling" is a piece well fitted to provoke an encore, and on both Saturday and Monday nights it has been thus honoured. A similar reception has been given to the "Blue Bells of Scotland" with variations, performed upon a unique wooden instrument by Mr. W. Howson. The St. Leon Troupe's great hit is a series of what are termed "classical groupings." They consist of balancing and other athletic feats executed in admirable style. A ballet concludes the evening's diversion, which to say the least of it has variety enough to suit a multitude of tastes. The atten dances have been good and the applause abundant. Christmas Treat at Hindmarsh.—The annual dinner given by Mr. G. F. Angas to the poor and aged of Hindmarsh, Bowden, &c.;, on Christmas Day, was provided, as usual, at the Land of Pro mise. and was partaken of by about 50 persons. After dinner " The Health of the Queen and the Royal Family," "The Founder of the Feast," "The ChairmaD," and "The Vice-Chairman" were drunk in succession. The chair was occupied by Mr. H. Hussey, and the vice-chair by Mr. T. Harkuess, the Scripture Reader labouring in the district. The whole party seemed greatly to enjoy the entertainment, and appeared grateful for the kind consideration which had prompted it. Government Holidays.—We understand that Saturday (to-day) is to be a holiday for the Govern ment servants as well as Friday (New Year's Day). This will give three full days, including Sunday. The Family of Sir James Fergusson,—From our shipping column it will be seen that the Duke of Sutherland, with the new Governor's family and other members of the household, has arrived. On the day of the vessel's arrival the butler came on shore at once, and found that arrangements had been made for the recep tion of Sir James Fergusson's three children, whose arrival in an excellent state of health is gratifying. Accompanied by two nurses, they landed from the vessel on the morning of Christ mas Day, Captain Douglas seeing to their comfort and convenience. Conveyances being in waiting, the party proceeded to Government House, where they will reside for the present, and probably visit the seaside aud Government Farm, i AUSTRALIAN Salt Beef.—That colonial salted provisions for ships' use can be had here in all respects superior to the home brands was convin cingly proved by inspection of a cask of mess beef ou board the ship Red Jacket yesterday. Before proceeding to India, in January last. Captain Pope, the late commander of the Red Jacket, shipped a large quantity of salted beef from Messrs. Elworthy and Dobbin, of Sandridge. This beef had been constantly used on board, and had been highly spoken of; and on the return of the vessel to port the firm expressed a wish to ascertain, from actual observation, how the article which they had supplied had stood the test of the voyage to India and Abyssinia and back again to Melbourne. The beef when put on board ship had been about six months cured, and when exposed to view yesterday had been nearly a year aud a half in the cask. Apart from its inherent quality the beef was cer tainly in sound and excellent condition, aud showed that great care had been exercised in the curing and the packing of it. The perfection arrived at with regard to the beef in question was the result of carefully selecting the stock, studying the weather at the time of slaughtering and salting, using only the best quality of salt, and baring the casks of unexceptionable material and workmanship. Samples of the beef are to bs reserved for further inspection on the arrival of the ship in London.—Argus, Dec. 19. Etbathalbyn and Mtddleton Railway.— Referring to the progress of this line, the Southern Argus says" On Saturday last we had the oppor tunity of taking a run along it. Leaving Middleton on an ordinary 'lorry,' we (a party of five) reached the Black Swamp Bridge, eight miles, in an hour. The roadway was very rough for the horse, being broken limestone, and not yet blinded. The first thing to notice was the perfect smoothness with which our lorry (without springs) ran along, not the slightest jar the whole way. This evenness at the j miction of the rails is secured by the use of the celebrated fishplates, and certainly, though delay is to be deplored, the line is the better for them. To whoever laid out the line and arranged the levels great praise is due. There are no long or steep inclines, 1 in 64 being the heaviest gradient. This is on an incline going into Middleton. For about six miles from our starting place the line ascends, and the gradual ascent is so judiciously i managed that the pqwer of the horse has to be increased but very little in the upward progress This is done by having long distances of level between short but easy inclines. The arrange ment of the curves also calls for special commenda tion. They are rather long sweeps than curves, ana where they are anything near sharp they have been so carefully 'nursed' and humoured that such an event as running off the line is next to an impossibility. The pattern of the rails is a great improvement upon those now in use between Port Elliot and victor Harbour, being higher in the standard and having a greater bearing surface. Arrived at the Black Swamp Bridge one cannot help being struck with its suitability for the work it has to do, and. on inspection, the structure sbowB for itself that it was no niggardly contractor who put such a finish to the smallest details. We were pleased to find that the contractor, Mr. Macgeorge. had reached beyond the bridge and was pushing on with an earnestness that will make certain of his being at the Finniss Station by the end of the year, or before. He had 75 men employed, and as they were all working in a small radius, the place looks a hive of industry. At the Finniss Station Mr. Redman has nearly finished the stables. At Middleton Mr. Sara has made good progress with his, contract for the stables there. We are now satisfied that under the active superintendence of the Resident Engineer and the attention to detail shown by the Clerk of Works, the result will dc one of the finest lines of z&ilwny; nm<3e in the colony—a real credit to the office of the Engineer-in-Chief—and though some may urge its costliness against it. time may yet show this first cost to he in the end trae economy," Chbistmas Day. —Christmas, as usual, passe | off very. quietly. The day was observed as a dose holiday, and the streets of the city were almost entirely deserted, the lovely weather after the intense heat of the. earlier part of the week inducing great numbers of persons to vidt the seaside, the hills, and the Port. The Botanic Garden attracted several thousands of the citizens during the afternoon, whilst Gienelg was thronged, although there was no special attraction at that place, the number of visitors increasing more par ticularly towards evening. Many private picnic parties went' out of town, the hills at M&giU;, Mitcham, ' and Brownliill Creek being the favourite places of resort. There was not any unusual attraction for pleasure-seekers at the Port, hut, notwithstanding, a conside-1 rable number found their way thither either i by road or rail, and both sailing and pulling boats | were liberally patronised. The Moonta, lying at J the North Arm, was visited by several of the friends of the party comprising the Northern I Territory Expedition. Amidst the enjoyment of j Christmas by the general public, the inmates of I the Hospital, Lunatic Asylum, and the destitute poor were not forgotten. At these institutions the usual Christmas cheer was liberally dispensed, the j poor in the Destitute Asylum being supplied with a cask of ale by Messrs. Syme & Sison, and an abundance of fruit by Mrs. WigzelL The soldiers were regaled with a substantial dinner at the j Barracks by their officers, and the prisoners at the ! Adelaide Gaol were also treated to a variation from the ordinary bill of fare. Gun Accident.—An unfortunate accident from the use of firearms occurred on Christmas Day to a young man named Mark Sanders, sou of Mr. Sanders, bootmaker, of Adelaide, whilst going on board the Moonta. As the boat was going along side he proceeded to lift the sail, and in doing so a gun which was lying beneath fell and discharged its contents, one of.the fingers of his right hand being partly shot ofl", and the charge lodging in his side. Dr. Peel promptly put off from the Moonta and rendered assistance, and the sufferer was immediately brought back to the Port in one of Mr. Sucknall's boats, and Dr. Gething directed his removal to the Hospital without delay. On enquiry at the Hospital last night we were informed that several grains of shot liad been extracted from his side, but that the in j ury received was not of a serious nature. Continuation of Sales of South-eastern Land.—Both the Mount Gambier papers strongly urge the discontinuance of sales of land in the district until the drainage system is more com plete and the provisions of the new Land Bill are in force. The Watch writesAmong the Crown lands advertised for sale in the Government Gazette is a large number of sections in the Hun dred of Mingbool, and it has not unreasonably excited much surprise here that this should have been the case. The Hundred of Mingbool adjoins the cultivated land, and it has been always regarded as a natural outlet for the farmer when the time came for its being alienated from the Crown. But it wa3 hoped that its sale would be postponed until the new Land Bill was in force, and in now forcing it into the market the Government are defeating the wishes of the com munity, and helping to uphold the land monopoly which so unfortunately hedges Moiint Gambier m. We understand a memorial is to be got up and dispatched to the Government, praying that the Mingbool land may be withdrawn till after the passing of the new Land Bill; and we hope the Government will seethe propriety of conceding the point. The settling of a few dozen families on the land in question would have a far more beneficial result than the immediate netting of a few thousands in hard cash.*' The Standard, says—"Several gentlemen, who have for years interested themselves in the sub- : stantial progress of this district, have called upon us to urge a strong remonstrance against the suicidal policy pursued by the Government in con tinuing to bring forward iand in the South-Last for sale whilst the drainage works are only par tially carried out. The land on Mingbool Bun, which if sold at present will fall into the hands of land-jobbers only, will greatly improve in value by the drainage operations, and by that time our farming population will be bettpr prepared to enter the market." A corre spondent of the latter adds:—' On the 14th instant, and on the 21st of next month, a large quantity of the land in this district will again be given away to monopolists. The land to be sacri ficed is near Narracoorte. This is in direct opposi tion to the wishes expressed by all parties in the House. Not an acre can be bought by farmers at the present time, as it is of no value to them until the inland district is opened up. Every man in the Sou!h-Eastern District must know tins; 51),000 to 60,000 acres have gone already this year into the hands of the squatters." The Fine Abts.—We (Border Watch) have had a visit from Captain Hancock, travelling student of the Eoyal Academy, London, who is making tour through the Australias, with the view of placing upon canvas such views as he may think worthy of enriching the gallery of the Institute, and completing his curriculum. We were favoured with an inspection of the paintings of the re nowned caves upon the plains, one of the small and the other of the larger entrance, and with two other views of the falls of the Upper and Lower Warm on. We use tne word pamtiugs" ad visedly, for Captain Hancock, finding that water colours will not give nor hold the tints in every case, resorts to oils. The paintings are truthful and artistic, betokening a ripe scholar, of whom the Academy may be proud. Duigan, the Bushbanger. — The jFederal Standard writes:—"On Wednesday the redoubt able bushrauger Duigan passed through Chiltern en route for Albury. At the very name of bush ranger our hair began to bristle. We loaded the family musket, and repaired to the Star Hotel, where his highness and suite were doing their beer. We expected to see a tall, dark, sinister-, truculent fellow, half horse, half alligator, hung round with empty revolvers, and looking as if he had just dined c J a baby. We saw instead, a short, slim, p:ile-faced young man, who might have been anything from a tailor's apprentice to a junior Treasury clerk. The fatal top was off the thumb, and the fatal handcuffs ou the hands, but in other respects he left the impression that he would be more at home at the end of a beer engine than at the end of a revolver. When we remember the cloud of flying policemen that enveloped the great Montgomery to protect him a the horrible Duigan, we scarcely believe that from I such things can be, and 'overcome us like a sum mer cloud without our special wonder.' Why, if the young man were boiled he would scarcely serve as a luncheon far a New Zsalander." Schools at Mount Gambier.—The Second In spector of Schools, Mr. Dewhirst, has completed his duties iu Mount Gambier and its vicinity. Fifteen schools were visited by bim, in which the total of scholars present amounted to 512, the total on the books being 708. This we (Mount Gambier Standard) are informed is a considerable advance upon the numbers in attendance and on the rolls when he visited the locality in December last. The examination of the masters and mistresses which we understood was in contemplation, has not taken place, owing to there not being sufficient time left for completing it prior to the Christmas recess; but it will be carried out on the next visit of the Inspector, which will be paid at no very distant date, cf which the teachers will be duly informed, that they may be prepared for the ordeal. A Gold Digger's Ghost.—The St. Arnaud Mercury (Victoria) gives currency to a story that on Messrs. Easson & Perry's Hopeful Reef the men have refused to work by night, owing to the ghost-like sounds which are beard proceeding from all parts of the claim. A noise as of some person scraping a shovel with iron has been frequency heard, and no cause for it can be ascertained. Singular and Fatal Accident.—The Armi dale correspondent of the Tamwortk Examiner writes:—"I have just been informed of a fatal accident which happened to one of our colonial youths, a son of the late Mr. Thomas Galleagos, farmer. The uufortunate lad was riding into Armidale on Sunday last, in company with another, when they needs must have a race, in the heat of which deceased is reported to have at tempted to leap his horse over a cow then lying quietly in his road. The cow, however, rose be neath the horse, and threw it upon its rider to the ground. The lad survived the accident until Mon day noon, when death terminated his brief career.' Accident to Machinery at Duffield and Co.'s Union Mill, Gawler.—On Saturday the driving wheel of Messrs. Duffield & Co.'s Union Mill was shattered into a number of pieces. One of tbe cogs, having beceme worn, broke, and a general break-up of the whole wheel quickly followed. This accident will involve the delay in the working of the mill of a fortnight or three weeks, as it is thought the damage cannot be repaired in less time". It is an unfortunate circumstance following so closely as it does upon the burning of Messrs. Duffield & Co.'s other milL Even a fortnight's delay at this season is a very great hindrance to business. Melbourne Practical Jokers.—Those whose business or nocturnal habits led them to the top of Collins-street at an early hour yes terday morning had alittle amusement pro vided for them which was not set down in any "bill for the day." Over the door of the Treasury there appeared in the earliest day light a huge pair of spectacles. Why they were so placed, and what they were supposed to indicate m connection with the building thus selected for ! ornamentation, mast be left to conjecture. A similar symbol, however, was soon afterwards missed from the door of theestablishmentof Messrs. Kasnar& Moss, opticians, Collins-street, for which it was reclaimed: but who were the simpletons who effected tbe temporary transfer has not been re ported. The Insolvent Court was also found exteriorly to represent a pawn-shop, the "Lom bard coat of arms" being shown over its hospitable entrance. It was thought by the officers of the Court that a pawnbroker in the neighbourhood had, volens aut nolens, lent his decorative symbol to the Court faqade. On the matter being referred to the Chief Commissioner, he declined the "two to one" business, and ordered that the intrusive trio of golden halls should be removed. This i having been done, the Insolvent Court resumed ! its former aspect of a place where money was not lent.—Argus, i I Proposed Colonial Sxandikg Armv.—A gen ' tleman, who has had many years' experience as a settler and a Magistrate in different Australian colonies writes to us as follows: -"It is quite clear \- that ia event of war the Imperial forces will he withdrawn from the colonies—perhaps even in peace. The enormous cost of our penal establish ments is becoming a serious matter also. I have a suggestion to offer which might not materially diminish that cost, but would be more useful in various ways. You are aware that not half century since minor offences were commuted for military service in the West Indies. Wiry not revive this custom, with a slight deviation, and form a 'Colonial Convict Brigade' for military purposes, to be composed of short- sentenced prisoners, &c.; \- The officers required might be one major (commanding), one captain, and an adjutant. To fill such posts many a retired officer would be content. The subalterns under some other designa tion, tobe furnished out of the force itself, as a reward of merit, and be a good training-school for our juvenile offenders, who are seldom under 15 or 16 years of age. Let the barracks and station be on Kangaroo Island, accessible easily by the steamers, if the men were required elsewhere, and isolated from the centres of vice and depravity. I hope this suggestion may be of use, and hand it to you for as much as it is worthwhile the Parliament is still sitting." Accidents. — On Wednesday morning, De cember 30, as a young man named Charles < Hebberman, in the employ of Mr. T. Wallis, of KeDtTown, was in the act of pouring out a cup of coffee at breakfast, the handle of the coffeepot broke, causing the boiling contents to spill over Ms legs and. the lower part of his body. He was seriously scalded, and was taken as soon as pos sible to the Hospital. — On the morning o I Christmas Day a severe accident occurred at Native 1 Valley, four miles from Nairne, to a boy aged 12, 1 named Thomas Kains, in the employ of his uncle, I Mr. John Kains, farmer. He was on horseback I rounding up a mob of horses, when one of them j kicked out, breaking his leg. He was admitted to ! the Hospital, where, on enquiry on Wednesday j evening, we learned he was progressing favourably. Another Farmers' Pest.—Harvest operations near Wellington are progressing speedily and satis factorily, although there are great complaints of the native companions getting far more than their share of the farmers' grain crops. Two or three hundred of these large voracious birds—by no means an extraordinary assemblage of unwelcome visitors—may be seen amongst the ripening corn, for wMch they seem to have a strong predilection. Northern Weather.—A letter from Moo looloo, dated' December 26, says—" There was a slight shower of rain here the day before yesterday, but not sufficient to do any good. None fell over to the east, Wirrialpa way."—From Port Augusta, on December 28, our correspondent writes:— "Since my last we have had some remarkable weather. Tuesday and Wednesday were intensely hot, thermometer standing at 100° in the shade; and on Thursday morning the wind chopped round from the southward, ana blew great guns—dust, so thick that you couid not see a yard before you, penetrated every crevice; but about 3 p.m. we had a light thunderstorm with a little, rain, which laidtne dust for a short time; but it is as bad as ever now."—Our Blinman letter of De cember 24 says—" The weather during the early part of the week was very hot; but on Thursday a thunderstorm passed over, a little rain falling at Blinman, but considerably more a little to the eastward. At Angorichina one-sixth of an Inch fell. The temperature is again tolerably com fortable."—From Teetulpa, on the 28th, Mr. Hiles writes—" We had some very hot weather last week. On Wednesday the thermometer stood at 100° inside of 18-inch stone walls. The thermometer was hanging against a par tition-wall, three feet inside of the.cuter wall, and out of the hot winds. On Thursday it rose to 102° in the same place; but since that we have had a nice change with southerly winds, and the glass now stands at 80° at noon, 28th instant." Elsewhere we give information as to slight rain fall at Lake Hope. Opening Services of the New Union Baptist Chapel, Norwood— On Sunday, December 27, the new Union Baptist Chapel at Norwood Was opened. Sermons were preached—in the morning, by the Kev. W. L. Binks; in the afternoon, by the Bev. J. 6. Wright; and in the evening, by the pastor, the Bev. £L Guinness. On Monday after noon a public tea was held in the above place, which was largely attended. In the evening a public meeting was held. Mr. E. T. Smith, Mayor of Norwood and Kensington, occupied the chair. Addresses were delivered by the Eevs.J.G. Wright, J. H. Williams, H. Guinness, and Messrs. Fearce, Newell, and Hughes. Several recitations were given with very good effect by Masters Whitridge, Hales, Shaw, Richards, and Wald, and a dialogue by Allen and Scott. Selections of music were sung by the choir, wMch very agreeably filled up the time between the addresses and recitations. Col lections were made at each of the services on Sunday, also on Monday nigbt, amounting alto gether to nearly £20. The proceedings terminated about 10 o'clock. Primitive Methodist chapel, Beverley.— Oa Sunday, December 27, the Beeond anniversary of this chapel was celebrated, when the Rev. S. L. Harris, of Hindmarsh, preached an excellent sermon in the afternoon, and the Rev. J. Phillips officiated with acceptance in the evening. On Monday, the 28th, the tea meeting was nume rously attended, and the public meeting was pre sided over by Mr. 6. Burdon, of Islington. The report, read by Mr. W. Copley, showed the income for the year to be £2713s. 7d., and the expenditure £29 Os. 5d. The Rev, T. Braithwate spoke on the duty of Divine worship, the Rev. J. Phillips on the necessity for a Divine revelation, and the Rev. S. L. Harris gave a long and interesting address on the progress which various Churches had made since his arrival, nearly £0 years ago. Mr. B. Gould presided at the harmonium, and a choir from Bowden sang several beautiful pieces. The collections amounted to £18. The present debt is £200; and during the year an effort will be made to reduce it. St. Maby's Dominican Convent School.—On Wednesday afternoon a very interesting ceremony took place at the Convent of the Dominican nuns, Franklin-street, the occasion being the laying of the loundation-stone of the additions about to be mads to the Convent by His Lordship Right Rev. Dr. SheiL More than 60 of the school children, dressed in white, and singing a hymn, met the Bishop at the Convent gate, and marched in pro cession to the stone. They were followed by the nuns and the clergy, the Bishop robed in his canonicals bringing up the rear. His Lordship having recited the prayers nsual on such occa-: sions, and having blessed the stone, the Vicar General read a copy of the paper deposited beneath, which was to the following effect:— "The foundation-stone of St. Mary's Domi nican Convent Schools, Franklin-street, was laid on the 30th of December, 1868, by the Bight Rev. Dr. Sheil, Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by the Very Rev. J, Smyth, V.G., the Ven. Archdeacon Russell, Very Rev. C. A. Rey nolds, Rev. J. Murphy, Rev. M. Kennedy, Rev. J. Carden, and Rev. J. Polk. The Sisters of the Community of St. Mary's Convent are:—S. Mary Teresa. S. Mary Catherine, S. Mary Patrick, S. Mary de Sales, S. Mary Thomas, S. Mary Baptist. S. Mary Stephana. There was a large concourse of Catholics present, although no public notice of the auspicious event had been previously given. The good Sisters were literally besieged hy the little ones when the ceremony was over, offering their congratulations and wondering why no opportunity was afforded them o* placing their offerings on the stone itself. The Bishop and clergy retired soon after, and the crowd went away highly delighted with what they had heard and seen.—Communi cated. Cricket Match.—A cricket match was played at Gawler on Monday, December 2S, between eleven of the Prince Albert Cricket Club and eleven cricketers of Gawler. Mr. W. Churchman acted as Captain, and Mr. G. Eatker as Umpire for the former; and Mr. Perryman as Captain, and Mr. H. B. Bright, sen., as Umpire, for the latter. The batting of Messrs. Churchman and Field for the Prince Alberts was much admired, especially of the former; and the batting of Messrs. Perry man. H. B. Bright, and H. Paine for the Cricketers, were very good. The bowling and fielding of both sides were very fair. The Cricketers having won the toss, sent their opponents to the wickets, who retired for the following score Peince Albert Club. First Innings. Second Innings. ! J. Mansom, b. Perryman 4 b. Ferryman ... 0 I H. Field, b. Perryman ... 7 c. Perryman, b. Palmer 9 W. Churchman,b.Palmer 9 c. H. E. Bright, 1 A. FergusoD, c. and b. b. Harris 81 Palmer 1 b. Eoe 10 J. Clark, b. Harris 2 b. Perryman ... 2 C. Simmonds, b. Harris.. 0 hit wicket 7 W. Simmons, b. Perry man ... 5 b. Perryman ... 3 W. Robertson, c. and b. Perryman 0 not out 10 G. Smith, b. Harris ... 0 b. Perryman ... 1 B. Harris, b. Harris ... 4 b. T. Bright 4 S. Wade, not out 6 b. Paine 6 Byes, &c; 10 •Total 38 Total .143 Grand total J 81. Cricketers of Gawler. First Innings. Second Innings. F. Harris, b. Churchman 8 s. Mansom 0 T. Bright, c. and b. Churchman 7 b. Churchman ... G. Palmer, b. Churchman 0 not out J. Martin, b. Mansom ... 5 c. Clark, b. i Churchman ... 1 Perryman, b. Churchman 2 run ont 20 Roe, b. Mansom 3 b. Churchman ... 0 H. E. Bright, b. Church- I man 1 b. Mansom ,32 H. Paine, b. Churchman 1 Lb.w., b. Church man 17 C. Annells, h. Mansom... 11 b. Mansom 1 J". Livesay, c. and b. Mansom 15 .b. Churchman ... 1 T. Woods, not out 5 run ont " 4 j Byes, &c; 11 Byes, &e.; 13 ] Total 69 Total 97 Grand total, 160. Majority for Prince Alberts, 15. Complimentary Dinner to Mb. T.P. Hill— On Wednesday evening, Mr.' X. P. Hill, formerly i» the Registration Office, who has recently arrived on a visit from Melbourne, was entertained tor a., number of the members of the Civil Service at dinner at the Civil Service Club. The health off1 Mr. Hill wan proposed in very appropriate term* by the Chairman, who took occasion to allude to the valuable services rendered some yeais ago by Mr. Hill in connection with the Saturday half holiday now enjoyed by all the public officers. Mr. Hill returned thanks, and expressed his satisfac tion at the way he bad been received by bis former confreres in the Civil Service of Sonth Australia. Railway Goods Tariff.—On Wednesday, De cember 30, a meeting, convened by Mr. A. F. Christen, of merchants, millers, and others Inte rested in the transit of goods by rail to Port Ade laide, was held at the Hotel Europe, to consider the best means which might lead to an alteration ■■ of the present carriage tariff, especially as regarded the rebate of Is. per ton. Fourteen gentlemen were present, and Mr. T. Graves presided. In referring to the object of the meeting, he said a number of persons having little experience in business matters scarcely knew how to go about obtaining the rebate, and advantage being taken of that, they suffered a loss in consequence. To obviate that it was wished that the railway autho rities should fix a certain charge for the convey ance of goods, to be collected on delivery, without having any rebate, each person to send his goods to the stations, or, if not, it would be a question, between him and the railway goods contractor. Mr. Christen remarked that great inconvenience and unpleasantness having been felt respecting tire rebate, he wrote to Mr. Mais on the subject so far back as July, 1867, and be replied that per sons were entitled to demand immediate payment of the rebate, and had their own remedy if they did not receive it at once. After that he wa3 enabled to obtain the rebate by deducting the amountfrom the rail waybills and obtaining a receipt for it; but a month or two ago he was told that m future the rebate would only be allowed on the pro duction of vouchers which every gosds clerk had instructions to give to parties cartiug their own goods, whether they wanted them or not. He then, wrote to his customers informing them of this new regulation, but Mr. L. Heweti, of Salisbury, who sent a parcel of wheat to that station to be for warded to Adelaide, on demanding vouchers, was positively refused them unless he paid the full car riage there. On this, he (sir. Christen) wrote again to Mr. Mais, asking that to avoiddifficulty the rebate might be done away with altogether, and the contractor left to charge for extra work in cartage. In reply, Mr. Miis stated that the rebate could not be demanded until the freight was paid, and directed attention to the foot note to the scale of charges. The latter part of this was that rebate should not be allowed ou any fractional part of a ton. Now he considered that as merchants had to pay the charges on the full quantity they should therefore be allowed rebate on the same. He pro posed—"That the present railway regulations as regards the transit of produce to Adelaide and Pbrb Adelaide are unsatisfactory, and therefore require an alteration." Mr. C. L. Meyer seconded. Mr. li. Hewett stated that he was charged for every load of wheat he sent to the railway, not for toe lump quantity. Mr. Marchant mentioned that he had sent 10 tons of flour to the Adelaide Station, but as each load only contained 2,000 lbs. instead of the full ton of 2,240 he was not allowed rebate on any of it. Mr. A S. Clark referred to the irregu larities of the present system.and proposed—" That in order to prevent any further misunderstanding as regards the rebate of Is. per ton between the goods contractor and the parties for or to whom he carries goods on the line of railway, it is expedient to reduce the rates of the goods traffic ofxFebruary 3,1868, to the extent of Is. per ton on all goods sent from any station to town or Port, thereby doing awav with the rebate altogether, the con tractor to be allowed to charge an extra shilling, per ton on ail goods carted by him to the stations. Air. R. Main seconded. Air. Hewett had heard that the contractor was hound to cart wheat from places a mile from the station. He did not do se at Salisbury. He should be very glad to get his wheat carted for Is. a ton. The resolution was carried. Air. T. Robin thought it was never con templated when the regulations were framed that persons should have to pay freight for their goods before they were delivered, which was quite the contrary to the ordinary mercantile custom. He considered, too, that Mr. Kounsevell had no grounds to refuse Mr. Marchant the rebate as he bad done, and that Air. Marcbant had a good case against him. He proposed—"That this meeting is of opinion that the goods con tractor is not entitled to ask payment for the carriage of any goods until they have arrived at their destination." Air. Hewett seconded. Carried Mr. Verco should not have complained of the regulation respecting the rebate had it not been used by Mr. Rounsevell to throw obstacles in the way of farmers and consignees. He endorsed the opinions which had been expressed in the resolu tions, aDd proposed—"That a deputation be ap pointed to wait on the Commissioner of Public Work6tourge the desirability of bringing theaboTe resolutions into effect, such deputation to consist of Alessrs. Graves, Clark, Main, Hewett, Christen, Verco, and Marchant." The resolution was passed, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated the meeting. Lake Hope Asm Cooper's Creek.—We again present our monthly letter from that " starting point of civilization" occupied by the advanced1 guard of Lutheran missionaries to the aborigines in the Far North. It will be seen that some, though very little, rain has fallen in that parcbect region, where undoubtedly heroic self-denial moat be a much-required and oft-exhibited requisite. The letter is dated Hermanusburgb, Kilialpa ninna, December 21" At last I have the pleasure of reporting that we have been favoured with a little rain. On last Wednesday, at 1 o'clock p.m., it began, and lasted about au hour and a half, the sky having been cloudy several days before. It was not sufficient to do the country any good; but still it was a great relief to see rain once more after 10 months. The rain seems to have been stronger to the east and south. After this the weather has set in very hot, and the claypans in our neighbour hood arc perfectly dry again. This weather seems to have its bad influence, not only upon the health of white men, bat upon the blacks too, there being at present many of them verv ill with dvsentery. One death occurred through it about a fortnight ago, and the blacks are in great fear that more will fellow. Nothing has been heard about the flood, and the water of our Lake (now the only orb in this part of Cooper's Creek that stiU keeps water) is going back rapidly. It is impossible to say how long it will stand, but certainly not very long should this weather continue. About a week ago two of the Moravian missionaries from Koppera mana left their station, their Committee in Mel bourne having given up the mission amongst the aborigines of Cooper's Creek, and the two mis sionaries, Mr. Kramer and Mr. Meissel, will pro bably be employed at mission stations in Victoria. I cannot say if or how long Mr. Walder, the third of the number, will continue the work here. The be haviour of the blacks here is remarkably good. They are evidently getting more confidence in us. What renders missionwork amongst them very difficult is the difference in their languages, there beiug not less than seven different ones spoken by them. Each of these dialects has its representa tives here now. They understand each other very well, each speaking in his own tongue; but not many of them are able to answer in a strange language." Incendiarism at a Fab North Station.—At Blinman, on December 24, before Mr. H. C. Swan, S.M., Joseph Wills, stockowncr, of Appeal- * hans, who had been remanded ou bail, appeared to answer the information of Thomas Richard Davies, station manager, of Orraparinna, with having, on December IS unlawfully, feloniously, and maliciously set fire to certain dwelling-houses, viz., the out-station hut of Bonalinna and the out station hut of Anaeroppa, the property of Messrs. Oleeson, Dean, and King. The act of setting fire was not attempted to be disproved, as the accused had deliberately taken a person to the place in order that he might give evidence as to the act. A considerable amount of evidence was taken, and tbe prisoner was committed for trial at tbe next sittings of the Supreme Court. Hail was allowed; tbe accused £100 and two sureties £50 each. Attempted Suicide at Wellington. —On Wed nesday, December 23, the wife of a respectable newly-located settler on the plains near Wellington cut her throat in a shocking manner. The reason for the rash act appears incomprehensible, as there does not seem to have been the slightest motive for it. It is probable, however, that the over powering heat of tbe day had temporarily affected the poor creature's nerves, more especially as she was located in an iron hut, which in such hot weather would be something like residing in the close vicinity of afiery furnace. O wiug to the skilfu treatment by Dr. Herbert, who was telegraphed for from Strathalbyn as soon as possible, hopes are entertained of her eventual recovery. The early recurrence of excessive hot weather would, how ever, it is feared, prove fatal, as she is still in a precarious state, Ftrf. at Blinmau.—On December 24 Mr. Swan; - S.M., held an inquest en a fire that had occurred the previous day at the Blinman Mine Township The day on which the fire occurred bad been exces sively hot, and during the afternoon a strong. north-east wind was blowing, carrying before it a heavy cloud of dust, which appeared to collect and pass through the township with a whirlwind, taking in its course some fire from where cooking had been carried on. The fire alighted on the thatch of a large- sized building used as a boarding and lodging house, occupied by Martin Heimich, and so rapidly did the fire gain the ascendant that very few things were saved. The fire was confined . to the one building, although Messrs. Cobb and Co.'s stables and several other erections were not - beyond the reach of danger. All available assis tance was quickly at the scene, and every effort wan made to stay the progress of the dames. The Jury were of opinion that the fire had originated acci dentally, and expressed an opinion that greater precautions should be used with fires outside the houses. Mb. FT. L. Galbbaith.—We understand that the Government have decided upon revoking the commission of Mr. BL L. Galbraith as Second Inspector of Sheep. Tbe three months' leave of absence, it will be remembered, expires at the end. o tbe year. Violent Assault-oik a Trooper.—A. distur bance took place on Christmas evening attheSloyal Oak Inn, Clarendon. Airs. Walton, the landlady, had called the police-trooper to assist in clearing her house, when a violent assault was committed on him by William Hawkes, an old snau, and his three sons (Andrew, James, and Thomas). Thomas, helped by the others, beat him about the head in a merciless manner, and tore his clothes off. They also tried to break his bade across the rail in .front of the house, and otherwise ill-used him, for which they had to pay JE23 on Tuesday at the Court. They came in a body, apparently in tending to cany out their malicious designs, as the assault was apparently premeditated. The Races.—The second day's races were an im provement on the first. The weather was pleasant, and there was a fair attendance. The Shorts went to Mr. Adcock's Lottery, Mr. Harvey's Ada second; the Jockey Club Handicap to Mr. Gilbert's Lapdog, Mr. Adcock's Corsair second; the Steeple chase to Mr. Mullins's Lightfoot, Hon. J. Baker's Monk second. The Forced Handicap was a walk over for Mr. Baker's Corsair. The entries for the Beatens and Selling Stakes will be taken at the Globe this morning at 10. " Bearing" the Wheat Mabket.—The Mel. bourne Age of the 28th ult, in its "Agricultural Beport," says:—"One of our Melbourne contempo raries has, as usual at the approach of harvest, re sorted to its congenial work of bearing the market, in order to facilitate the schemes of speculators, by enabling them to purchase the coming crop at a nominal price. That accomplished, the process of bulling the market would he commenced. Last year the same thing was attempted, and unsuc cessfully, because the results of the harvest would not justify the projected and prophesied decline in price. On the present occasion the price of wheat will be determined as before, not by anything that may emanate from our contemporary, but in accordance with the law of supply and demand. As the newly-settled agricultural areas are sure to furnish some good yields of wheat, prices will probably not range high; but, high or low, it is not the province of the journalist to play the game of a class that has ever proved strong enough to t ake its own part," Settlement of Fijl—1The Argus publishes the following extract from a letter, dated Levuka, Ovalau, Fiji, 30th November last, received in Melbourne a few days ago:—"lam pleased to know that the Polynesian Company is progressing favourably. The second Company, the Planters' Association, will be popular in Fiji, for it advances an important interest as yet but little entered into here, but about which much has been thought and said amongst our planters, and much anxiety has been expressed that the original Polynesian Com pany should engage in—that is, the manufacture of sugar and spirits. TheEewa District particularly is well adapted for the growth of cane better than for the growth of Sea Island cotton: and the short staple cotton has now become so reduced in price that many will be glad to abandon their cotton fields, and turn to the culture of sugarcane as soon as they can be assured that a 'plant' will be erected within their district, or at Suva, affording a market, I shall take some pains to disseminate immediately the prospect of their wishes being gratified. The opposition to the Company has been essentially a 'shopkeepers'' opposition. The 'Bewa raid' was a signal failure. Not one native was hurt, and not more tlianone-fouith of the col lection of huts destroyed. To the exertions of Thakombau, who was ignored in the assault, and the want of persistent animosity in the Fijian character, may be attributed the gratifying fact that all the settlers have returned to their planta tions, and peace is again restored. Thakombau would willingly have done double as much for half the powder expended. Levuka and Totoga now present a very respectable appearance from the sea front, and new buildings are constantly going up, adding to our commercial importance." The Cedabs of Queensland.—A sight of unusual interest, says the Maryborough (Queens land) Chronicle, is afforded by a monster raft of splendid cedar, from the Upper Mary, nearly a thousand feet in length, which is now lying in the river alongside, and for some distaace above the timber-yard of Messrs. Cooper & Jones, the purchasers. The value of this immense mass of highly-prized material is between two and three thousand pounds, and most of it has taken Mr. Denman. the original owner, two years to fell and collect from a point 180 miles distant from the head of regular navigation. It will give some idea of the toil to be encountered in piloting down so huge a pile of timber when we state that some of the logs are upwards of six feet in diameter, while few run less than a yard, and that these bulky masses were for the distance above indicated entirely dependent on a chance freshet for their transportation. Mr. Denman, who has some claim to be considered the originator of the gold discovery at Gvtnpie, as the first to put the actual discoverer (Mr. Nash) on to the spot, is now about to retire from the pursuit of his long and not unprofitable labours in opening up the cedar trade on our noble river. It is to be hoped that the opening thus afforded to a man of enter prise and moderate capital will not long remain neglected. Mr. Denman informs us that there is plenty of cedar of equal size and quality to that inspected by us existing on the banks of the Upper Mary, and it would be a pity that a trade so eminently conducive to the prosperity of any seaDort town capable of commanding it should be suffered to fall into abeyance. "Punch and Judy" Lost in the Bush.—The Pleasant Creek (Victoria) Ifeics reports a rather unpleasant adventure which lately befel a man, his wife, and a young girl. A married couple were the proprietors of a Punch and Judy Show. They left Hamilton to come to Pleasant Creek, carrying with them the implements of their profession and pro visions for four days. They were joined before starting by a young girl as a domestic servant. After making enquiries as to the nearest read, they were directed to cross the Grampians near a point known as Hall's Gap, but here they lost their way and were wandering about for 14 days. On the 14th day the man made his way to Roberts's hut on Levinsrton Run, having been obliged to leave his female companions in the bush, as they were too exhausted to proceed with him. Pro visions were here obtained, and every haste was made to relieve the poor women, who could not have held out much longer. A Letter from: Carlyle—The fol lowing letter, written by Carlyle to a youthful correspondent many years ago, has recently been published:—"Chelsea, 17th November, 1S50.—Ap parently you are a young man of unusual, perhaps of extreme sensibility, and placed at present in the unfortunate position of having nothing to do. Vague reverie, chaotic meditations, the fruitless effort to sound the unfathomable, is the natural result for you. .Such a form of character indicates the probability of superior capabilities to work in this world; but is also, unless guided towards work, the inevitable prophecy of much suffering, disappointment, and failure in your course of life. Understand always that the end of man is an action, not a thought. Endeavour incessantly with all the strength that is in you to ascertain what—there where you are, there as you are—you can do in this world, and upon that bend your whole faculties, regarding all reveries, feelings, singular thoughts, moods, &c.;, as worth nothing whatever, except as they bear on that, and will help ymi towards that. Your thoughts, moods, &c.;, will thus in part legitimate themselves, and become fruitful possessions for you; in part fall away as illegitimate, and die out of the way, and your goal will become clearer to you every step you courageously advance towards it. No man ever understood this universe; each man may under stand what good and manful work it lies with him to accomplish there. 'Cheer up, there's gear to win you never saw!' So says the old song, and I can say no more to yon.—Yours, with many good wishes, T. Oablyle." Josh Billings on Autographs.—We never furnish ortograffs in less quantities than by the packig. It is a bizness grate men have got into; but it don't strike us as being profitable or amusing. We furnished a very dear friend with our ortograffi for ninty days, and it got into the hands of the Banks, and it kost us 275 dollars tew Set it back. We went out of the bizness then, and ave not hankered for it since. A Russian State Prisoner.—M. Adrooli, a Russian writer who was exiled some years ago to Siberia, is now contributing to the " Kevue Moderne," under the title of " Souvenirs de Siberia," his recollections not only of Siberian, but also of Russian life. In the number of the "Revue" he tells a story, the end of which belongs to the present reign, the beginning to the reign of Paul, of whose period it is strikingly characteristic. The Emperor's favourite was at that time a young French actress, of whom he was madly jealous. One evening at a ball he noticed that a young man named Labanoff was payiDg her a great deal of attention. He did not lose his temper, but at the end of the ball gave orders that Labanoff should be arrested and thrown into the citadel. He only intended to keep him there a few days " to make him more serious," after which he proposed to re primand him and to appoint him to an olfiee which had been solicited for him. Labanoff, however, was forgotten. "At the death of Nicholas, Ah:x*na-^ II., then full of magnanimity, liberated all the prisoners in the citadel, without exception. In a vaulted tomb, in which it was impossible to stand upright, and which was not more than two yards lone, an old man was found, almost bent double, and incapable of answering when he was spoken to. This was Labanoff*. The Emperor Paul bad been succeeded liy the Emperor Alexander I., and after wards by the Emperor Nicholas; be had been in the dungeon more than fifty years. When he was taken out he could not bear the light, and by a strange phenomenon his movements bad become automatic. He could hardly bold himself up, and he had become so accustomed to move about within the limits of his narrow cell that he could not take more than two steps forward without turniuH round, as though he had struck against a wall, and taking two steps backwards, and so on alternately. He lived only a week after his libera ion." Efficacy of Onions.—A writer says:— " We are troubled often with severe coughs, the result of coldB of long standing, which may turn to consumption or premature death. Hard coughs cause sleepless nights by constant irritation of the throat, and a strong effort to throw off offensive matter from the lungs. The remedy proposed has often been tried, and is simply to take into the stomach before retiring for the night a piece' of raw onion, after chewing. This esculent in an uncooked state is very heating, and collects the water from the lungs and throat, causing im mediate relief to the patient.1' - \- Washington Chronicle. 