;-'? : MR. GLADSTONE AT WIGAN. .?-'?'?.'. ?' Letter II. '!? irp0 tlie Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) vr : Sib,— In again referring to the speech of Mr. ''Gladstone taken from the Times, October 24th, ' .1 find the following: —Referring to the treat ' meht, the: Rev. John Robert Green, incumbent ? of kilderton, diocese of Armagh, received at the hands of the Orangemen, Mr. Gladstone says: — ' I want to know if there is not something to. be said for these men. When they see that the ? laws are violated, when the wealthy few are set up to remind them of wealth and civil superi ority, do not things of this kind excuse or K' _„„„„«*? tr.* nvnpeiprlincrs sufih as I have detailed. and are we not in some degreee responsible for exhibitions and manifestations of this kind so long as we continue to maintain the system of ; ascendancy and the Established Church in Ire Viand? (Hear, hear.) But I must give you ' another proof of the manner in which the Irish .'' Church tends to mitigate religions animosities. Gentlemen, I am now about to quote words used in the debate in the House of Lords of the ' session just expired, and used, according to re port in the public journals, and, therefore, 1 presume substantially correct, by a person- of the ^highest eminence, the present primate of Ireland. : He was discussing the Bill called thejSuspensory 'Bill, which, as you are aware, was passed by the '.' House of Commons during the last Session, but ,iwhich did not succeed in passing the House of c Lords. Now this is the view of a prelate at the XieaCL OI ulltJ .men V^JULUl^ii, tvuvo^uuivo c*u.u. vrxii/ot/ .effort; we are told, is to mitigate religious ani 'r.mosity, and TJmust say, in justice to him, being, 1 believe, also a good and a kind, as well as an ?): 'earnest man ; but this is his view of the condi tion -of Ireland, and of the Protestants and '''Roman Catholics of Ireland respectively :— \- ' Don't imagine if you overthrow the Irish Estab ;. .lished Church there will not be, as there was in ^earlier days, a very extensive emigration of Pro {'jtestants, comprising many of the best, the r soundest, the most loyal, and the most industri l ous of her Majesty's Irish subjects. You will 'put before the Irish Protestants the choice be i- tween apostacy and expatriation, and every man t among them who has money or position when he :'sebs his Church go will leave the eountry. (A laugh.) If you do that you will find Ireland so difficult to manage that you will have to depend on the gibbet and the sword.' (Cries of ,''' shame.') Now, gentlemen, you have heard -these words with astonishment. 1 look upon ,'!them as the too direct and legitimate fruit, not ,of personal intemperance — for 1 don't believe the vispeaker is personally intemperate — but of a bad r', and an inveterate system which has been main L.tainedup to the present day, and which you, to /, aether with the rest of- the electors, have now to ^determine upon, either that you will still main . ,tain it, or that you will bring it to the ground.' ;'t;Tp Englishmen, sir, such arguments as these put forward by the Protestant primate- of Ire ;i land, ( might sound strange, but the strangest o tithing to: any one who knew the .history of Ire viand would be, not to be surprised at ? England -j-r,esorting to tne sworu ana, giuuec,in praer to Jewish, not to govern the Irish people as a Na1 ?, itiori! ; but if they were to be told that the govern eminent, 6f England intended ruling ; Ireland by. -j.ftther- means than the sword and the gibbet!; n'therT; indeed would there be great reason for -iilrishmen to:feel surprised, anil great cause for o-rthem'tajbp thankful. ' ::, :. , / j -.'A: fMr.' Gladstone ,then(gpes ion, to state, that it xidiasFbeep 8a$, tbiafc.yqu , never , could satisfy th|e ?jj-IriBfipeo^lejithaif.th^yin'vent One demand after 9'ianot|ieiv and jthat any; concession made to them ddoalyimaltesithem keeaertp; agitate for the next. Y'lWEbiBris tfue to a grefrt extents the Irish people. -oSgitate- more keenly for; what ,they thought afcill ' oJremained dueltQ^tatn^ancTL ask of any of ypu who jaight happen to be a creditor -what you would, do 'if you had a solvent debtor, and if your solvent debtor having full means to pay ; you the whole of your just claims, attempted to put it off from time to time by 2s. or 3s. in the pound. You might take the first 3s. if you could do no better, but you would very soon demand another, and when you had got six, perhaps you would try to have ten, and when you had ten you would begin to think of fifteen. You would say, it is want of will ; and that is what Ireland has a right to say to England, and Ireland is entitled in my judgment, to ask of England, not 5s., nor 10s., nor 15s., but 20s., in the pound. ' (Loud oheers. ) Well done Gladstone, if you mean it, you have stated what every true-hearted Irishman believes. Irishmen believe that anything they receive from England they have no occasion to thank her for, they are only getting back by instalments what is their just and legal right ; they are only receiving by a very slow and. tiresome process that which has been unfairly taken from them, and when they receive twenty shillings in the pound with interest added ; then, but not until then, will they be satisfied. Mr. Gladstone in closing one of the most extraordinary and powerful speeches I may say I have ever read, more especially coming from sd great .a statesman as Mr. Gladstone undoubtedly is, said :— However I might regret my own defective power, I feel satisfied that you will be well supplied with adequate opportunities and means of judging the right; and gentlemen, it is needful that you should, for you have a great responsibility before you. (Hear, hear). The Duke of Wellington, in 1829, glanced at Civil War, and said : ' You must take the policy recommended, or else as honest men and courageous men, you must be prepared to face the consequences.' I have only to point to the actual state of Ireland, to show that in Ireland you have been obliged to put an end to personal freedom, and that the liberty of the people depends upon the will of the Executive Government, instead of the firm foundation of the law. You may judge from that, and I trust you will judge, whether there is or is not a necessity for dealing boldly and resolutely with the case of Ireland, be it by the present Government, or be it by any other. It is clear the Church of Ireland offers to us a great question, but even that question is but one of a group of questions. There is the Church of Ire land, there is the land of Ireland, there is the education of Ireland ; there are many sub jects, all of which depend upon one greater than them all ; they are all so many branches fvom one trunk, and that trunk is the tree of what is called Protestant ascendancy. (Cheers). Gentlemen, 1 look, for one, to this Protestant people to put down Protestant ascendancy, which pretends to seek its objects by doing homage to religious truth, and in stead of consecrating politics, desecrates religion. (Loud cheers). It is upon that system and con nected with it the Orange system, that we are banded together to make war. So long as that system subsists our covenant endures for the prosecution of that purpose, for which we seek your assistance ; and because, although, as I said early in these remarks, we have paid instal ments to Ireland, the mass of the people would not be worthy to be free if they were satisfied with instalments, or if they could be content with anything less than justice, (cheers) we therefore aim at the destruction of that system of ascendancy which though it has been crippled and curtailed by former measures, yet still must be allowed to exist. It is still there like a tree of noxious growth, lifting its head to heaven, and darkening and poisoning the land so far as its shadow can extend ; it is still there gentle men, and now at length, the day has come, when, as we hope, the axe has been laid to the root of that tree, and it hods and quivers from its top to its base. It wants, gentlemen, one stroke more, the stroke of these elections. (Loud cheers). It will then, once for all, totter to its fall, and on the day when it falls the heart of Ireland will leap for joy, and the mind and conscience of England and Scotland will repose with thankful satisfaction upon the idea that something has been done towards the discharge of national duty, and towards deepening and widening the foundations of public strength, security and peace.' (Great cheering). I wonder what will be thought of Mr. Glad stone after this by the ' Kiama Ghost' and ' Alter Ego' mob ? I imagine Gladstone will be dubbed a rebel of the deepest and blackest stamp. By this time it is all over respecting the sweeping away of the Established Church, but the shouting. If the Orangemen were swept away with it, there would be two, crying evils abolished in Ireland, and the. hands of England would be strengthened, she might re move three-fourths of the army at present in Ireland. — lam, &c-; , . PATRICK SHAMROCK. : January 6, 1869. Held OveIr. — The utiforaeen' absbrbtion of' our space, by the Maitland, subscription list compells us: to again hold over some correspon dences, as we are, unfortunately, not able to; temporarily lengthen the columns of the Free man. Among those fated to omission are' Ca-: tholic Education^' 'The Rathcormac Massacre,,' Darling River Correspondent (whichiwe regret extremely) and other minor matters. r Hand Ball. —This game is now getting very - popular in; Sydney and everj, Saturday the Alley on the Strawberry Hills ia -filled .with playerd. . Mr. Nprifcontp whom the Ball,.Alley belongs has' made arrangements for several matches to comV ,off this Saturday afternoon1; and, with 4the view, i of \ adding, ito ;tjxe jfunds fpjr rebuilding, the .pro cathedral, jhb will charge one' shilling admission. ' Weiiave.nb1 jioubta kurge autata^'tf ilie admir. era 6f the manly cgamewiU-J^mble W^y7^) witness the play. ? ' . i ? '',' ??? . ?'?? ? 