ant) (Criminal Courts. LOCAL COURTS. THIS DAY. ADELAIDE: WEDNESDAY, JANUABY 13. L Before Mr. H. E. Downer, S.M.] LIMITED JURISDICTION (CIVIL). Seven unsatisfied judgments were disposed of. OKOZLER V. ADAMS.—Judgment. Judgment was further adjourned for a fortnight, a suggestion being thrown out that a fresh action could be brought, so that more conclusive evidence might be adduced. WESTCOMBE V. ScHDLrrz (Interpleader).—Mr. J. W. Downer for the claimant, and Mr. Bundey for the execution creditor. ThiB was an action to recover a cab belonging to the claimant, but seized by the execution creditor under judgment he obtained in the case of Schulitz v. Young. Judgment for the claimant. LUBIKU V. BOLINGBBOKE.—For £19 19s. for illegal arrest. Mr. J. W. Downer for the plaintiff, and Mr. Ingleby for the defendant. The plaintiff, the City luspector. brought this action for the purpose of testing the powers of a police-constable. His .^OQ, a mere child, deposed to having burnt a blue non-explosive light on the evening of the 5ch November last. The defendant, a police constable, arrested him on a charge of letting off fireworks, and notwithstanding the child told him who he was, brought him to the station- house, when he was let out on bail. He was taken the next morning before the Police Magistrate and discharged. There was no dispute respecting the facts, His Honor being asked to decide upon the question as to whether under the Police Act a constable could arrest a person when he possessed information as to the residence and profession of the person whom he takes into custody, or whether he should lay an information against him simply. Mr. Ingleby, in reply, remarked that it was a most important point, and if decided against the police it would make a great alteration in their mode of carrying out the provisions of the Police Act. Judgment reserved. POBT ADELAIDE: TUESDAY, JANUABY 12. [Before Mr. G. W. tiawkes, S.M., the Mayor, and J. Formby, J.P.] PUDNEY V. WITHY.—Action for defamation of character; damages, £30. Mr. Edmunds for plain tifl; Mr. Dempster for defendant. The evidence tended to 6how that certain injurious expressions had been made use of by the defendant against the plaintiff, who is Secretary to the Band of Hope Union, relative to a sum of money held in trust by plaintiff for the Lodge, and hence the occasion of the action. Verdict for plaintiff; damages la GUMEBACHA: THUBSDAY, JANUABY?. f Before Messrs. Edward Castle, S.M., and Samuel Randell, J.P. | CRIMINAL. Timothy Quin, of Holland's Creek, charged by Ellen French, widow, of the same place, with trespassing on aud passing through a paddock belonging to her on December 30 and 31, pleaded not guilty. Mr. Vardy for complainant. Ellen French, sworn, said—I rent p .rt of Section 6175 from Mr. Hood. On December 30 defendant and his wife came to my place. Defendant was driving his dray and bullocks. His wife took my fence down. I said, "You must not take the fence down, and you must not come back this way." Defendant said, "I will come back this way." Mrs. Quin said, "Drive on and take no notice of her; we will come back in spite of her." On December 31 defendant again came back to the fence. 1 went out when I heard him coming with my daughter. I had an extra post put in the fence. Defendant asked if I had put the post to stop him. I said, " Yes." He then replied that he would pull the fence up, and caught hold ? £ n ^ h ^ t ^ ^ ° e P H eUd T 0f ! I caught the other end. Tc^mpsett and his son then came up when defendant let go the rail and threatened me for stopping him. I have allowed defendant to pass through a I time or two because he was my neighbour. Per-' nutted him to cart his hay through my paddock ; some time ago on condition that he carted my hay • without charge. Mr Vardy called George Tompsett Henry Tompsett, and Mary French, who gave 1 confirmatory evidence. The Court fined defendant IQ counsel's fee, £lls.-in all, -r, , „ 1 GREIG V. HANNAFOBD.-Frederick Hannalord, | of Cudlee Creek, land agent, charged with assaulting Alexander Greig, of Kenton Valley, farmer, on November 23, at the Talunga District Council Chamber, pleaded not guilty. Mr. Vardy for defendant. Alexander Greig, sworn, said—I am a ratepayer of Talunga District. I went to a meeting of the Council on November 23 to see the cash-' book. Told the Clerk previously that I would attend on that day for such purpose. After being in the room for some time, the Chairman (Mr. S. Randell) said it was 3 o'clock^ the Council were going to open tendeis, and I must leave the room. I replied that I was not a tenderer, and refused to go out. Mr. Hannaford said, "If you will not leave the room we will put you out." I said, " You had better not try." Mr. Phillis then said, "You are not so strong but we five can put you out" The Chairman observed that the Council had passed a resolution excluding the public when tenders were being opened. I replied that they had no authority to pass such a resolution; that it should be by a Sy-law, confirmed by the Governor, and published in the Gazette. Mr. Dunn then said that the Council had obtained an opinion on the subject I replied that they had lately spent too much money in.legal opinions. Some one then said. "Greig won't leave the room." Defendant then laid hold of my arm, saying. " We will put him out." He dragged me from mjr chair to the middle of the room, and pulled me violently towards the door. I caught defendant's left arm to keep myself from falling. He stretched himself up before me, looking very big, and in a most imperative tone j ordered me to let go his arm. Mr. Phillis and Mr. I itandell put their hands on my back, and pushed me to the door, and defendant went out dragging m e after him. Mr. Vardy addressed the Court, i and called Samuel RandelL who said-I am Chair- ™ ar » o f the Talunga District Council. On November 23 all the Councillors were present. Mr. Greig i came in and took a chair near the door of the Council-room. The public are admitted after the minutes are read, and correspondence attended to. i At 3 p.m the tenders (if there are any) are opened. Before opening the tenders on this occasion, I addressed Mr. Greig, and requested him to withdraw till the tenders were considered. He refused to leave the room. I said it will not be lawful for me to open the tenders while anj srranger is present. Some desultory conversation then took I Place, substantially the same as stited by Mr. Greig. One of the Council said, "Shall we pi t : him out. I replied, " Wait a minute," and left y ent t0 Mr - Greig, and said to him, ! Will you leave the room quietlv." He said, "Mo, ; I will not. 1 said, "There is then no alternative but to put you out." Air. flannaford then took , Mr. Greig by the arm to lead him out, I when he resisted. All the Council then sur- • rounded him and assisted in pushing him out. I Ihe Council meetings have been frequently | annoyed and disturbed by Mr. Greig. 1 have seen him present on former occasions when tenders were being opened. 1 suffered it under protest, as I was not then aware that 1 had power to exclude hi-j from the room. The evidence of the other Councillors and the District Clerk was connrmatory. Mr. Vardy addressed the Court at length; and complainant having replied, the Court dismissed the information, with costs of Court, two witnesses, and counsel's fee—in all, £2 2s. William. Butch, of Mount Pleasant, charged with rei using to pay John Gregory, a boy in his employ, wages amounting to £13 2s., pleaded not guilty. Mr. Vardy for complainant Defendant produced evidence to show that complainant had received various sums on account, and had been provided with clothes. After hearing lengtbv evidence on both sides, the Court ma le an order for fee—in aU £5*63 ed* 8 includinK £l " Is-counsel's POLICE v. TiDY.-Defendant, a publican at Milbrook, was charged with neglecting to have his lamp lighted after sunset. Information allowed to be withdrawn on payment of 10s. costs. POLICE V. J. HUTTON AND T. HUTTON.—Defendants pleaded guilty. It appealing from the statement of police that they had been cautioned, the C9urt inflicted a penalty of £1 each with costs—in all £1 10s. POLICE V. TONKIN.—The information was withdrawn on payment of costs, 10s. POLICE V. ZIMMEBMAN.—The information was withdrawn on payment of costs, 10s. I Before Messrs. J. B. RandelL J.P., and William Lillecrapp.] POLICE v. MUIB.—Defendant pleaded guilty to harge of using abusive and insulting language towards Police-trooper Tasey. Fined Is. and costs —in all lis. POLICE V. MUIB—Defendant pleaded guilty to a charge of riotous conduct and disturbing the police. Fined Is. and cos's—in all lis. POLICE'COURTS. . THIS DAY, ADELAIDE: WEDNESDAY, JANUABY 13. I Before Mr. S. Beddome. P.M.I Several drunkards were fined 5s. Alfred King, charged with using indecent language m Curne-street on January 12, was fined 10s. David Ferguson, charged on the information of IJaniel Ray witu indecent exposure in Georgestreet, Norwood, on January 5. pleaded not guilty. The charge was proved by two witnesses, and defendant was fiued £2, and costB, 14s. Alice O Connell, charged hy James Cooney with assaulting his daughter at Thebartonon January 5, p eaded not guilty. Mr. Robinson for the complainant. It appeared that Cooney'spigs trespassed on Mrs. O'ConneU's property, and the litile girl going to fetch them out defendant hurried her off the premises with a little more force than was necessary. As there was blame attached to the other side, His Worship inflicted on defendant the small fine of 5s. DEATH OF THE KING OF SIAM.—The Mauritius Commercial Gazette of November 28 says: - " The H.LF.M.'s steamer Belligneuse, bearing the flagof Rear-Admiral Penhoat, and under the command of Captain Duroch, arrived this morning from Singapore on her way to France. She puts in here for coals. By her we have papers from Singapore to the 4th November. On the 17th October, at Singapore, the steamer Vine arrived from Bangkok, bringing news of the death of the King of Siam. His Majesty Prabat Somdetch Pra Chom Klau died a little past 9 o'clock on the night of the 1st instant. His eldest son, H.R.H. Prince Chulalongkorn, succeeds him by election, under the title of Prabat Stomdetch Pra Paramindr Maha Chulalongkorn Kale Klou Chou-Tu-Hua. A second King has also been elected, viz., H.R H. l ' r , i , DC . e T, Kroin « Mui1 Pawarwijarjau, commonly called Prince George Washington, under the title of Krom Pra Racha Wang Bowwawu Bowara bahtau Mongkou. Some apprehensions of a revolution were entertained, which have turned out to be without any foundation. From the China papers we also learn that a serious difference had arisen between His late Majesty and Mr. Alabaster, H.B.M. s Consul, which made the latter go so far as to haul down his flag, but no liable particulars are given. A .BATCH OF NEW PBOVEBBS.—The viper will stand upon the tip of his tail to make himself agreeable in good company.—The crane stands upon one leg, in heavenly meditation; but ?iJ._ ttle while is , looking sharply after his fish.— When the eyes and the lips lie, look to the hands and the feet.—The prudent man (literally the man who has eyes in the back of his head) cares more whom he is with than even what he does.—Four fishes smelt at the bait and turned their tail to it; one fish came by and swallowed it. (The advantage of a council.)—Before the journey is over the dog has run twice the distance. (Applied to a man who does not go directly to the point; but wanders hither and thither like a dog.)-Make the four salutations to a friend every day. (This alludes to the four bows that were made to foreign ambassadors by all who met them: and the proverb means this: Keep up always the highest forms of courtesy with your friends.) — Jealousy kisses its left hand, because ihe right hand caught the fish. — The man you hate cannot carry his food to his mouth but you hate him more for his way of doing BO.-The ghosts of snails get into their shells (money) by night, and go, for company, where there are most shells (i.e., monev makes money).—Eukee! Eukee! Eukeel but, wife, the salt fish will do. C Eukee" is a solemn word addressed to the gods; and the proverb alludes to the hypocrite, who addresses the gods fervently, but sacrifices to them only salt fish.)—The tears of a chief cause sore eyes to all other chiefs.—The water sends you back (reflects you), so do all men and women.—Better be quite blind than see one side only of everything.—If you will do the thing that has not been done before, first hide all the stones that are in the streets of the city.—To a tiger his claws; to the serpent her venom; to the eagle his talons; to the rat his teeth; and to men and women calumny. The good God gives weapons to alL—The Sheviri cursed the rain; but the patient rain went on raining, and the earth became green.—Say it often; men, as well as parrots, will say it too. If you slay your adversary, are you sure you have done him any harm?-The ants march in one line, and overrun kingdoms. (An argument for unity and order.)—The eclio says nothing of itself; so, the people.—The clever lizird leaves its tail in your hand. (This was a favourite saying of the King when he was urging compromises on his CounciUoK.)—A lie lasts for aday, butit may be the day.-When you want to sell the blunt hatchet be the firstto sav that it is blunt-How wiae the ci e ver men would be if they could understand the foolish !-AU make the four bows to Srdav (Meaning, I suppose, that all must submit to whit we call now "the logic of facts.")-One wise man knew the secret way into the city; but^ll Sfi "Why should we followone S " - T h e S had a fr.end before he was Kingf-Only th® ouitf deaf hear praises always rf themsetfes-I? thl ; 8pider barked like a doV. woidd he catch flies?- He who looks down gathers BheUs(i.e. money); he who looks up sighs for stars, but chey do not come to him.—The tiger that you look at will not cive you the death-stroke.—A wise man said a word too much; that word was the word of a foul.—Whilp the lightning lasted two bad men were friends— " RealmafC in Macmillarts MaaaHne ! J-vj _ „ ' ' N ,° m 11 wlU ever Jear f regard you as his n . e . ,ld P u make yourself too cheap to him. Goliath is said to have been very much astonished when David's pebble hit him. aa «ueh a tuing never entered his head before. When you have spoken the word, it reigns over you. but while it is not yet spoken you reign over it.- Arabic Proverb. The success of a schoolmaster depends mainly upon his force • , of character, the success of a P° l l ec „ S """a'? "P°a his force and ripeness of in t ® llect_ ' p ' 0^SS0r See!e V- 1 feMOKY CHIMNEYS. —To know the cause o f » smoky chimney is half its cure la most cue* it m a V be ascertained without difficulty, and a Terr 8i m P le remedy will be efficaciouB. Where the draueht 18 sl D gg' lbh >t may be accelerated by introducing a>ii air immedla t ' 1 >' iu froot of the tire. Say, for example Uiro u 8 h hole in the * hearthstone, about six or eight lncb e ? d;am°ter. covered by a ventilator, a-dpio ed irom c.udersand aehes by the fender. Genera !y B P eakin &\- the al / from undernea-h the fl or will ba sufficient; Uu if not,a greater -apply can be obtained by constnicting en air- drain, communicating with a f external air. Thm plan has «,<> ' ^ I C ^ S r ^ ^ 