THEATRE "ROYAL, This place of amusement was crowded to excess in every part last evening on the occasion of a complimentary benefit, by the members of the G.V.B, Club of amateur histrionists, to the talented comedienne Mrs. .Alfred Phillips. The performances consisted of Colman's admired comedy of the " Poor Gentleman," and a new and original burlesque extravaganza, written by a gentleman of Hobart Town, expressly for this occasion, entitled " King Billy— the Last of his Race." The first piece served to show the great ability of the beneficiare, who sustained very cleverly the robe of Miss Lucretia McTabb ; Mr. Phillips playing Sir Robert Bramble, and Hans Phillips, Stephen Barrow by, the other characters being sustained by the G.V B. Club, with the exception of that of Miss Emily Worthington, which was represented by Miss Harward. The piece went with remarkable smoothness, considering the short time which has been allowed the amateurs for its preparation. The characters of Ollapod, Frederick Bramble, Sir Charles Bramble, and Humphrey Dobbins especially, being all that could be desired, not disparaging those whose characters were not so prominent. The burlesque opened at the bar of the Telegraph Hotel, where King Billy (Mr. Phillips) and his lubra, Lalla Rookh (Mrs. Phillips) are discovered drinking with the crew of the whaling barque Runnymede, just paid off. The make-up of these characters was remarkably good. Whilst King Billy is drinking, Dr. Scalpel (who is described in the programme as the Champion Shutter of Tasmania, having beaten his opponent by a Head) and Bokell (also described as Trunk maker in ordinary to Humbug Hospital) are seen prowling about, each watching with evident satisfaction the effect Billy's numerous potations are producing, and each expressing his intention of possessing himself of the body when they had done their work upon him. The second scene is laid at the Hospital, where Dr. Scalpel is seen to emerge with Billy's head in his hat, under the weight of which he staggers across the stage. The discovery of the abstraction of the head is made by Jemmy Dismal, an undertaker, between whom, Lalla, Mr Thunderer, (editor of the Daily Crusher), and a printer's devil, a capital scene ensues, fairly convulsing the house with laughter. The last scene is St. David's Churchyard, where one Jack Woodcock—proprietor of the united happy family of dingoes, kangaroos, and native eats—is seen driving a wheelbarrow, in which is a sack supposed to contain Billy's body. Bokell creeprinto the place to search for a hospital bottle which has been left behind, and whilst so engaged Sealpel makes his appearance, not knowing that he has been forestalled ; but, on hearing a sneeze, he hides behind a tombstone, as Bokell had done previously. Accidentally, both their heads are raised simultaneously, and each discovers the other, A mutual recrimination follows, until one suggests that, after all, it is merely a case of "pot calling the kettle black,'" and they fraternise. A shrill coo-ey from Lalla, who has been watching them, is answered from below, all the characters rush in, and, amidst blue fire and sepulchral music,, King Billy rises, attired in a white dress and cap, and carrying a white skeleton umbrella, annihilates Scalpel and Bokell, embraces Lalla, and all join in an amusing medley of nursery rhymes, and amidst which the curtain falls. It is by no means an easy matter to describe a piece the success of which is dependent to so great an extent on what is technically termed " business," nor is it fair to criticise the literary merits of what is, as a matter of course, a mere sketch. Suffice it to say, the characters were capitally made up, and the audience was convulsed with laughter from first to last, and the announcement that the piece would be repeated on Wednesay next was received with loud applause. It requires no little tact in a local burlesque to avoid personalities calculated to offend, but we were unable to detect anything that was not purely legitimate to give due effect to the piece. A hearty langh over, it is calculated to soften down much of the bitter feeling which recent events have engendered, and with t.Viin end in view we heartily recommend the piece to public support. We should not omit to mention that every visitor was presented with a copy of a prologue to the burlesque, also written by a gentleman of Hobart Town; it was as follows :— PROLOGUE. [Presented to the Patrons of the Theatre Royal, Hobart Town, May 24, 1869, on the occasion of a Complimentary Benefit given to Mrs Alfred Phillips by the Members of the G.V.B. Club.] (By a Local Author.) Some fifty years ago, or more,— It matters not,—on Tasman's shore, When Darkies ranged the Forest free, And 'possums frolicked on each tree ;— When simple laws, by Nature made, Without expense this people sway'd ; Then honest Truth (exposed to flies.) Dispens'd with clothes as useless toys, And Nature leigned supreme, but dull, When Dingo had bis stomach full • The White Men came, made this their home, Each Darky hastened to his tomb ! And now the Last is dead and gone ! Put on thy cap Mount Wellington! " Bowkell" may from his duty fly, And honest " Prop" be taught to lie,— Great "Scalpel's" name may be forgot,— And Franklin Island, go to pot! The Ministry may lose their power, — The Town be deluged by a shower,— The Farmer may forget his sheep,— The Orphan School, for children weep,— The Salmon may to England swim, (At least what has been seen of them) ! King Billy's reigu is now supreme, While headless trunks with horror scream, In each lone cell, and on the wall, Of our Colonial Hospital! In fact, these scenes when once display'd Put Macbeth's troubles in the shade. Your patience, friends, and kind attention, I humbly ask; pray let me mention, — The Ghost of Lanney shall appear, While you our labours deign to cheer. 