PUBLISHED EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. , SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1869, ELECTORAL REFORM". THE proposed Electoral Reform engages less attention than it Ought, and we are somewhat surprised at the apathy of the publio in the matter. It eannot be s^id that the question is not an important one, for with it must be intimately mixed up alterations in the Constitution Aot; and the Electoral Bill now beforo the Assem bly .is only the precursor of a Constitution Aot Amendment Bill. The Government measure is not ,e«rtfjihly arery radical one; still it embodies changes on whioh it might he expected the publio would have something to say. For instance, it is proposed to create two new constituen cies, and to add six members to Parlia. merit-two to the Council and four to the Assembly jt hefour Assembly members to be given to the two most populous con stituencies, while all the othora are left intact. The public. < we fancy, might very judiciously enquire into the details of the proposed change. We, in the Southeast, have perhaps no cause to complain so far as it will affect the dis trict, for itwijl double dur Parliamentary strength. Still we may question the wisdom of the measure. Numerically sfc>eakiug, w,e are, perhaps, not entitled., as some of the members havo taken oaro to tell us, to more' than three members, but considering the importancc^and value of the district we might not unreasonably claim six ; and taking a short look a head we might urge that in a few years hence we will, even numerically, be entitled to the larger number. Is it worth while to impress these views on the Legislature, or should we trust to a triennial electoral reform with our triennial election of members P But the proposed reform is very partial in its operatic. The two largest con stituencies are to be split up ana consti tuted four, but all the remaining inequali ties of the present representation are to be left asi they are. Stanley, with its 2,880 electors; Light with its 2,077} Mount Backer with its 1,974 ; and East and "West Adelaide with their 1,800 a piece, are to be left on the same footing as Yatala with 722; Sturt with 907; Noarlunga with 942; Encounter Bay with 940 r;and West Torreris with 3,058. Can a measuro that proposes to perpetuate these inequalities be accepted as a reason able attempt at reform P We should think not. If a reform is begun in the constituencies it should go through them all, of course with a due regard to geographical boundaries and interests. It is absurd .to leave the question where the Government Bill has. vinceare-'for tlie Council, 15,600} ancPfor the Assembly^ 28,000,representation being at the rate of about one member for each house for every 800 electors. This is surely ample representation. Then why increase the number P It is sufficiently hard now to pick 54 representatives fitted for the honorable position of guiding the destinies of the colony ; it will bp all the harder if they are increased in number. Why, then, should we add fresh burdens on the community, and increase the chances of greater muddling in public affairs. We have already enough of wooden heads, and more than enough of the cantankerous element. Why not leave well alone P -If we had iriore the! probability is we should have a larger share of the bad elements of tiur present! representation. At the. present moment the number of gentlemen to choose repre sputatives from, with talents, means, aud time to devote to the service, are few and far between. If we had to look out more wo must inevitably fall back upon men ,who> have their own ends to gain, while nominally serving the public. We would, therefore, urge that the elec toral districts be remodelled without an increase in the representation. We should rather see three mombers allotted to the South-East w ithout an increase, than four through the increase; and we believe we speak the mind of the South-East when we say so. \- The mode of electing the members for the Council is eminently unsatisfactory to the country districts. 3?hey have no controlling voice in the elections for the Council, all that tliey can do is to make a selection f rom the Adelaide favorites. The idea of their-put ting forward a candidate i9 so out of the question that we beliove no one without an Adelaide repu tation has evh*' been put forward, neither could he with the ghost of a chance. This should not be, und we should like to See the colony divided into say nine dis tricts for the return of members to the Legislative Council. We have no fear "of any had results from such a concession but rather a benefit. The Council ought to be as muoh.a representative body as the Assemblyv At the present time it is not. It represents metropol itan interests almost exclusively. It has not yet per haps beeu any 'positive loss that Ruoh has been the ease-but who knows how soon it may be P * . Jeshurun may wax fat and kick, but where is the country's remedy? 