Review. The Little PraAjer-hooh: Intended cMafiy for Beginners in Devo tion. Palmer, London. The Ritualists (or rather Ilomanisers) confess that the one grand end for which they arc laboiuing, is the return of our Church to its pro Reformation state. Their organ, the C'hwch Times, veiy heartily denounces the Reformation as ' an un-mitigatcd disaster.' Dr. Littledale, with the truth! ul and .charitable tone of his party, says : — ' The self-styled Reformers - - - aimed at rivalling Nebuchad nezzar, who burnt ;Solomon'-s noble structure - - - at imitating' Bel&hazzer;,' who turned the hallowed vessels into instruments of drunken revelry - - - at surpassing Antiochus Epiphanes, who set up the abomination of desolation in the Holy Place. 'No .wonder they dared not reproduce the Pontifical. iJUvery page-would have borne testimony against th.eixw)i-spealiableivicltedness' ' The 'wickedness'' musfbe'viery great indeed, when it is ' iin-spealtalle' -by Dr. Little dale, for it is well known that he is not particular -when dealing .with things and persons connected with Protestantism. On -such occasions he~ se£ins to consider disregard .of the ninth' commandment' a very trivial sin. . He and !Mb -party 'have charitably resolved that *hey 'will endeavour, .'Show-ever feebly, 4o 'remedy part -of- the'. eVrMoing ' -'of j those un.-speak.ably wicked men, ' But the great difficulty in their way is our scriptural Book of Common Prayer, which must either be altered or superseded. They find that it is singularly and lamentably deficient in the nature and number of its Offices ; they proclaim its deficiencies and unsuitableness to their purpose ; and they demand for it ' Catholic Revision.' Dr. Little dale says : — -l We are sensible that the Common Prayer-book can be regarded only as a minimum, and that a veiy scant one. There arc some truths, part of the common heritage of Christendom, which it dilutes, others which it obscures, others again which it entirely passes over. The traces of the spoilers' violence arc too plainly visible ,in defacement and mutilation to escape remark, and fresh maiming is more than it could survive.' Of the. Communion Office he says : — ' It is impossible to behold it in its present condition, and compare it with the glorious rite of Sarum, or with even Edward the VI.'s First Book, without being bowed down with shame, grief, and indignation at the enormous wrong- doing which was perpetrated, and the apathy with which it has so long been disregarded.' Some of our readers may meed to' be informed that the ' glorious rite of Sarum' is none other than the Mass-book, which was cast out at the ' Glorious Reformation.' The Office for the Visitation of the Sick, ' as it stands, is a body without a soul. It is only a framework to receive the rite of Unction.' Not a bad description. A Protestant body lacliintj a Popish soul. A framework which has never yet received the delusive doctrine of Extreme Unction. Looking at the Office for the Burial of the Dead, ' he sees no ex-' press prayers for the dead in it.' Nowhere can he find rules laid down for ' the mode of hearing Confession and administering Absolution.' He is greatly scandalised that the Church has provided . ' no form, of consecration of chrism and holy oil for various rites ;' ,and he threatens the bishops that if the providing a form be much longer .delayed, it will certainly come in somehow. ' Somehow ' is the principle which governs all the movements of the party. It means anyhow ; against law, bishops, churchwardens, people. Clearly the Romaniscrs are most unhappily situated. They are ' bowed down with shame, grief, and indignation,' that they cannot find any Romanism within the covers of' our Prayer-book. No Transubstantiation — no Prayers for .the Dead — no Extreme Unction — ,no system of Confession and Absolution — no Consecrated Chj'ism and Holy Oils. It may appear to them that we are very hard-hearted when .we say, we have no part in their ' grief and indignation;' that on the contrary, what gives them profound sorrow gives us ? inexpressible joy. We thank them sincerely for the diligent search ?they have made through oiu1 'beautiful house',' and for their testimony — reluctantly given — that the ' blasphemous fables and dangerous deceits ' of Rome have no place within our walls. Most of our readers will doubtless consider that 'men who have made such a search, and borne such testimony against themselves, ought to be ' bowed down with shame ' — for a more shameful position than theirs it is difficult to imagine. ' In principle and- practice Romanists, and .determined to Romanise our Protestant Church ' somehow, could any position be more dishonourable 1 The Little Prayer-look under notice is part of the system of work ing the ' somehow.' It is an effort ' feebly ' made to ' remedy part, of the evil-doing' of the framcrs of our Church Services. It is ' intended chieily ' for ' beginners 'r in Romanism, and has been corrected and revised by 'Three Priests' — certainly not three (Presbyters. Those of our readers who are acquainted with the books of ' devotion ' in the hands of members of the Church of Rome, would have great difficulty in seeing any difference between them and the ' Little Prayer-look.' It is designed for private use, and also as a directory — in faith and practice — in connection with our .Church Services. By it we are instructed to ' cross ' ourselves before we rise in the morning — after we have dressed— before meat — after meat — before iwc go to bed — when we enter church — when we leave church — during ?the Communion Service — and at other times, too numerous to mention. We notice one deficiency. There is no direction given as to how the sign of the cross is to be made, and we take the liberty of supplying it. In private, and when safe to do so in public, kneel perfectly erect, and with the fore-finger and thumb of the right hand touch the (forehead, and say, 'In the 'name of the Father;' then in the same manner touch the left shoulder, and say, ' And of the Son;' then in [the same manner touch the right shoulder, and say, ' And of the Holy nGhost.' This ' bodily exercise ' is deemed of great importance, for by it the performer turns himself into the image pf a cross for the time being ; and notwithstanding the declaration of St. Paul that such ,an exercise ' profiteth little ,' the Romanisers teach that , it ' profiteth ' much. It is an' act 'of religion within the reach of all, even the most stupid, most lazy, and most abandoned. The murderous brigands of Italy are most scrupulous in their attention to this ' act of religion,' and find that it quiets their guilty consciences. It is indispensable to ' beginners in devotion.' The classification of sins and virtues is that of Rome. Sin is ' venial ' and ' mortal.' ' Faith, Hope, and Charity ' (Love) arc 'theological virtues.' To 'pray for the dead' is one of the seven spiritual works of mercy. The Apostle's Creed is one of the private prayers to be used in the mornings, as is the custom with Romanists. If there is any '.time to spare ' - -, - ' some verses of the Holy Scriptures or any other holy book ' may be read. The book pf God— the only holy Ioo7t—is of very little importance : it or any other book may be read ? to the extent of ' some verses ' if there is any time pp '.spare.' S.ome of the prayers puzzle us— this '-noon-day' pm amongst .others: — 'As we have known the incarnation of ',Thy Son Jesus Christ by the message of .an ,angel,' so, .by His .cross and passion, we may be brought unto' the glory of his resurrection.' What can this mean? The following confession reminds us of something to be 'found ^elsewhere : — 'I confess to' Almighty God, before all Jthe company of heaven, that . I have .sinned very much in thought, word,' and cleecTfTby 'my 'fault, any own fault, my very great fault (here strike the Ireast three times), Wherefore I beseech the Lord our God to pity me, and that all the company of heaven may pray to the Lord our God for me.' We are not aware that 'all the company of heaven' know what is transpiring on earth. Our Church has nowhere told us that creatures in heaven are endowed with the attributes of the Creator — that they are all- seeing and all-knoovioig. Perhaps our Church has not so spoken because she cannot so openly contradict reason and the Word of God. She very clearly teaches us to address all our petitions to our Father in heaven through the 'owe Mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus.' The confession given above puts aside the 'one Mediator,' and substitutes mediators many — 'all the company of heaven.' Our'.' Advocate with the Father 'is passed by; our 'great High-Priest - - - Jesus, the Son of God,' who is 'touched with the feeling of our infirmities, who was in all points tempted like as we are,' and who beseeches us to ' come boldly unto the throne of grace, thab we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need,' is supposed to be less interested in the souls He gave His life to save, or less, willing to help them in their necessity, than ' all the company of heaven !' In passing, we may remark that we prefer the original mode of striking ' three times.' We have no liking for bad imitations of good things, and therefore suggest that the next edition contain this direction—' Here strike the breast, or shoulders, or back, at least three times with a ovTiip; and in proportion to the ? greatness ' of the fault, lay on.'' Any well-read or ordinarily well- read Komanist will bear us out that the latter is the best method and the original one. Unsophisticated persons may possibly object to the thing itself, and, like us, look ixpon the ' here strike the breast mirce vimes, as sometnrng ince a stage direction. To any ' beginner in devotion' in search of a system of religion made easy, we commend the Little Prayer-hook, Does he desire to practice self-denial ovithout denial, let him take this direc tion to his comfort : — ' At your meals it is a good practice to deny yourself some little morsel, even if it be only a eriionb, for the love of Jesus.' Does he desire a method of private prayer that shall be at once short and efficacious 1 Let him take this to his great relief : — 'If you are not too tired - - - read a short portion of Holy Scripture or some devotional book.' 'If you feel sleepy at your prayers, say them as well as you can, and you will please God.' Does lie think it right to spend some time in thoughtful considera tion of the things of God 1 Let him give attention to the following : I —Meditation 'is the highest manner of praying. - - - Try every ! day as long as you live to spend five or ten minutes, or half or a quarter of an hour in meditation, according as you are able.' In ?this highest of air exercises - - .-. 'any part, of the Holy Scrip tures or the Writings of the Saints may be used.' ' Mve minutes' is not much to give to the words of God our Father, but it is sadly too much to give to the writings of most of the saints. They are properly divided into 'clean' and 'unclean,' and we know many of the latter to whom we would not. give 'five minutes' for a re ward of five pounds, desiring as we do to avoid thoughts of the worst forms of pollution and lying. : In the next ! edition, the 'Three Priests' might give a list of 'the Writings of the Saints' which may safely be read instead of the writings of the Evangelists and Apostles. ..?-? ; ; : ' , ?-..'. . Persons who are anxious to know how to behave in church, and to understand our very plainly .expressed services, must take the little book and be guided by it, the great difference between it and the Prayer-book notwithstanding. 'When you enter the church, before you go to your place low reverently to the Holy Altar, for it is the Throne of Christ, and the most sacred part of ? the church ; then kneel down, make the sign of the cross, and say— In the name of the Father,' &c.; 'When your prayers, or the service, is finished, make the sign of the cross, &c.; \- - - Boov reverently to the Altar before you leave the church.' If you remain as a spectator at the administration of the Lord's Supper, or, as tlje little book says, 'Assist at the Holy. Sacrifice, but do not communicate' (assist at the 'Communion,' but take no part in the ' Conimunion !'), ' when the Priest comes in, kneel down and. continue kneeling till the Gospel.' 'At the offertory, kneel and continue kneeling dwing all the rest of the service' (intended as a continued ' act of adoration' to Christ present in the bread and wine). ' When ; the Priest offers the bread and wme on the Altar, you may pray thus : — Receive, O Eternal Father, this offering, which is now only bread and wine, but will soon by a miracle of Thy grace become the Tome Body and Blood of Thine only Son,' &c.; 'At the words, This is My Body, This is My Blood, you must believe that the bread and wine become the Heal Body and Blood with the Soul and Godhead of Jesus Christ ; bow down your heart and body in deepest adoration when the Priest says these awful words, and worship your Saviour then verily and indeed present on His Altar, and say — 'Hail, True Body 1 born of Mary, Spotless Virgin's virgin birth,' &c.; At the Communion of the Priest and people, say — ' Soul of Christ; hallow me - - - Body of Christ, save me - - - Blood of Christ, inebriate one' If there is time, you may use the Litany of the Most Holy Name of Jesus — about ei ghty lines of as ' vainrepetitions' ' as ever were written, or ever uttered at the most advanced 'revi- valist' meeting ; and they are followed by the ' Litany of the Most Holy Sacrament,' which is shorter, but not better in composition or character. We give three consecutive lines as a sample of the whole :— ' Corn of the elect (I) Have mercy upon us. Wine whose fruit is virgins (!) Have, &o.; Bread of fatness and royal dainties : Have, &c.;' The 'Three Priests' are evidently highly gifted men ; ordinary per sons could never have discovered such appropriate titles for the Lord of life and glory. Their disciples, avIio monopolise all the intellect of the Church, and who are the very essence of refinement in thought, feeling, and expression, no doubt understand and admire what shocks such poor creatures as we are. There are two or three more Litanies, but we pass them by, to introduce our readers to the Con fessional. The questions foi1 self-examination prior to Confession, exhibit most °urious conceptions of the nature and spirituality of the divine law. 'Have I said my prayers regularly— gone to church as often as I could — stayed away from the Holy Sacrifice on purpose— behaved badly at the Sacrament, or at all in church?' are questions on the 'Second Commandment,' headed in the little book, ' Thow. slialtowt onake to thyself any graven image.' In the ' Fifth Commandment ' the Priest is put side by side with father and mother, and the examiner is to ask himself whether he has disobeyed either one or the other on the ' slyP ' Have I been greedy— drunk too much— eaten meat on Friday or Fast- days— been idle or slothful at my prayers— or lain in bed too long in the morning 1 ' are questions ? on the ' Seventh C'omonaoulment' Whosoever has done any one of these things has broken the commandment which says — 'Thou shalt not commit Adultery.' If this be true, who is there amongst us that can lift up his head and refrain from crying out, ' Unclean! unclean ! ' How subtile the intellect, and how spiritual the mind, that could so discover and examine ! How forcibly are we reminded of our blessed* Lord's words—' If the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness.' None but men who prefer. the light of candles to the light of noon-day, and therewith mock the light of heaven, and who forsake the writings of inspired Prophets and Apostles for 'the writings of the Saints,' could believe and teach that to 'eat meat on a Friday ' is an act of ' Adultery' ? ? A prayer before confession has these words— ' As at the words of Thine Angel the chains fell off from the feet of St. Peter - - - so grant that at the words of the Priest the chains of my sins may be loosed, and all my offences pardoned.' The manner of confession is to ' Kneel down by your ghostly father, make the sign of the cross, and say - - - Pray, father, give me your blessing, for I have sinned.' 'I confess to Almighty God, before all the Company .of Heaven, aoid to you ony father ' Sec: Sec. ; striking the breastjfollows. I ' most humbly ask pardon of my God, and2-enaoice, and absolution of you my ghostly father.' ' Listen carefully to all the Priest says to you, be sure to remember the penance he gives you, and receive the Absolution thaukfully.' After confession pray thus: — 'How can I thank Thee enough, 0 Jesus, Friend of sinners, for having thus by the ministry of Thy Church taken away all my sins,' &c.; The Priest is placed side by side with the 'Almighty God,' just as 'Ail the Company of Heaven,' 'the Holy Angels and all the Saints,' are placed before Him who ' ever liveth to make intercession for us.' Commu nicants are reminded that ' at the confession and Absolution - - - by the words of the Po'iest, God cleanses your soulfrorn any lesser fault you may have committed since Sacramental confession.' The manner of receiving the bread and wine is thus detailed: — ' Kneel upright at the Altar; and when the Priest comes to you, hold the palm of the right hand open and your left crossed under it; be careful to receive . into your mouth all, even the smallest Portion, of the Most Holy Sacrament, since one Crumb' or Drop of it is worth more than all the world itself.' 'When you get back to your place, use no words of prayer for a minute or two, but kneel with eyes closed, hands clasped, and bended head, with all your mind fixed on'the thought that God and Man is ovithin your- soul and body.' Here is a very naked exhibition of transubstantiation. We are grieved to say that the above manner of receiving the Lord's Supper, and form of belief, are not un- known in this part of the world. Our yoting people are being taught as the Little Po-ayeo'-l/ook teaches, and not as our Church teaches. Confirmees arc prepared thus for their first communion. We have seen with deep sorrow of soul the crossed hands, and the breadlaid thereon, to set forth the belief that therecipient holds in his hand the crucified Saviour. We have seen with pain the efforts made to swallow Christ whole and entire — without breaking the bread. We have seen the crossed hand pressed firmly on the mouth to prevent any 'portion,' even the smallest ' crumb,' being carried . out by respiration ; and the ' adoring' posture maintained as directed. We have lived to see this in the Church of England, and; in this diocese of Melbourne. When so placed, we have felt with new and additional force the simple, beautiful, and scriptural words of ad ministration provided by the Church :— ' Take and eat this in oe oneonbranee that Christ died for thee, and feed on Him in thy heao't, by faith, with thanksgiving ;' and our hearts have warmed to the memory of those through whose instrumentality our God, and the ? God of our fathers, gave our Church and nation deliverance from the darkness, corruptions, and slavery of Rome, and wrought out _ for us the ' Glorious Eeformation.' We have noticed the book sufficiently to show its character and its aim, but we might pursue the subject to advantage did our space permit. We might direct attention to the prominence given to 'prayers for the dead ;' to the intercession of the Virgin Mary, saints, and angels ; to the manner in which confirmees are prepared — ' 0 Holy Ghost, I firmly believe that I am about to receive Thee in the Sacrament of Confirmation,' &c;, may be taken as an indication of what that preparation includes. There are in the book above seventy pages, and we hesitate not to say that sixty of those pages are covered with rank Romanism. 