LATEST NEWS. PWEY CORRESPONDENCE. Sydney, Thursday night. The Herald this merni i g appeared with a leader on the newspaper postage t*x and concludes by saying "Bat admitting tie imperfections of journalism, and that it may sometime i circulate error insteadjpf truth, and poi'on, in lieu ot wholesome nammen', the question is whether, on the whole, tbe benefit; is not largely predominant; so predominant as to mate the newspaper a valnab'e educational agency, and that w> valuable, as to render it poluto to assist in its diffusion " Now I am not choosing this father strange introduction to my letter because I don't kgrels with grandmamma, as there can be n0 question ¡about the predominance of the ben<fit, but beoiuse, I am of bpinioa that with the fxfcensicm of the circulai ion of newspapers proprietaries won'd find themselves eomr.elIed io speak'tbe truth and prepare nutritions food for their pupils. " Of th(s oharaoter 1 hope my communications yill ever be found At tbe Central Criminal Court, the three lads will to morrow be arraigned for tba manslaughter of the lad with whom oneof their number fought so fatally in Hyde park some three weeks since. Jo civil aotions, that of Hassall versos Rodd, for libel, will soon exoite no little attention I overheard a con- , 'versation the other day, between the Hon. (soon to he) Sir Terence Aubrey Murray and another gentleman, in whioh Sir Terence stated that another vote of censure would shortly be attempted in tbe Assembly arisiogoutof thacourse adopted by the Hon. Mr. Josepbson, which gen- tleman, it appears from the late debate, made pnblio someinformatioi famished by Mr. Bodd. M.L.4., to the ex-govemment, on whioh Mr. Hassall alleges his suspension from the magistracy took plaoe Tue vote of censure, if such be attempted, would be based, we most v presume, upon the exporé of information supp'ied by Mr. Bodd to Mr. Joaephson's predecessors ia office, with the promise of its being kept secret. §tfcj»ffle» Martin on the other band, I understand, firmly maintains that tbe supersedes« Issued sgafnst Mr. Has- se)! fas solely g onnded ppon admissions msde by that gent'f stan himself. -£lUSo is to bespent next month for the accommodation ef 'Hie Roval Highness Prinoe Alfred. It is a" somewhat carions f«et that tbe anniversary of bra" attempted assassination inste»d of being iswembexed this year by Aew South Welshmen with feel« |ngs of a painful natue, is not likely to be remembered at all, for upon that day he is, if allis well, to arrive once more in the waters of Fort Jackson, when doubtless the oity will present a gay and festive scene. The preparations for the annual interoolonial cricket match with the Victorian eleven are now being rapidly made. The grand-stand and fencing are in oourseof ereotion, and the last three days of next week will doubtlesB see a well oontested match played between the representatives of the two colonies. The- good ship Sobraon has once more started on a homeward voyage in magnificent trim ; she was towed to sea this afternoon. The inooming and last of the Hoe of the Panama Mail steamers may be expected to arrive about Saturday or Sunday. The Rakaia will then be overhauled and laid on for London. In Melbourne the Cape route is exoiting great atten- tion, and a prospectas of a company bas been before the pu bl io of that oity for some weeks, well supported by good names, the object of which is the monthly conveyance of mails via tbe Cape of Good Hope. Parliament is to be asked to oonsider the matter. A oase of fatal snake-bite occurred at VanoluBe to-day, to a woman named Hall, the wife of a gardener employed upon the estate. In collecting Borne firewood the reptile bit her. Mr. Fisher, the agent for the estate, applied Mr. Halford's remedy of iojeotion of ammonia, bnt with- out suooess. It is snpposed that before assistance oonld be rendered the poison had fatally entered the system, and no remedies oould have been effectually applied. No inquest will be held. The weather has been exoessively warm to-day. At tbe moonlight review in 'the domain this evening there was a very large master of volunteer». Our good old city is fast patting ont young shoota. Butt's famous Metropolitan Botel, in Pitt-street, ia no more ; heaps of old timber, mortar, briokbats, and half demolished walls, are now all that remain of it, and shortly the new offices of the City Bank will be erected in their room, fhe site, immediately opposite the new post-office, must be familiar to many of yonr readers. The demolition of Mr. Tbame's premises is being com- pleted, and soon new stores will appear in tbeir stead. 1 think the honours conferred on the Dons. James Martin, Terenos Anbrey Murray, Charles Cowper, and Mr. Darvall were little expected, and on the part of the pu bl io meet with no little disapproval. 1 wonder what par- ticular qualification Mr. Martin has that in bia short career shonld have secured him his title. Why should poor Mr. Parkes and his ghost have been forgotten I wonder : but I only tonob upon the subjeot to say that I am informed that one of the favourites will find some difficulty io pay- ing the fees required before he can call the title bis own. These fees, I am told, amonnt to something like £100. The reference of the Uidium Bill to a oommittee baa for a time quieted the excitement got np npon this count. The New South Wales Exhibition is now conversed upon almost as a thing to be. I see tbe Consul of Chille ad veri ¡sea that at the "Etposioion National" to be beld at Santiago, in April, 1870, oolonial produots and manufactures will be eagerly reoeived. The Consul is ant horised to pay all oharges for shipment and freight. The »publication of the correspondence which appears in to-day's Herald, npon the social condition of Fiji, would mnob interest your readers on acoount of the extensive trade which is bo rapidly springing np between this oolony and these islands generally. Those Victorian schemers who attempted to secure enormous tracts on the island, from the ohief called king, will nut, it seems, be supported or counten- anced in any way by tbe Imp'erial Government. " A wonderfol woman " has been suddenly withdrawn from the boards at the Prince of Wales. Some little de- ficiencies in one of tha actresses' performances induced the popular oomedian, J. Bartlett, to say " 1 won't play " He is " Not a bad jndge," either, for he hag substituted that pieoe for tbe rejeoted one. Io the Legislative Assembly this afternoon there wa* a numerous muster of members, some little excitement existing relative to the tate ot tbe motion of amendment of Mr. Luoas on the motion of going ioto supply, " for the immediate dissolution of the House, and the re-elec- tion of a new one without delay ; and the granting three month»' supply to facilitate this action." The message reoeived from the Governor recommend- ing provision to be made out of the Consolidated Reve- nue for the expenses of tbe varions departments and ser- vice's for the colony, for the month of Febrnary, passed the committee, and the second reading is fixed for to- morrow (Friday.) The resumption of the Committee of Ways and Meena took Mr. Lucas somewhat by snrprise. He happened to leave the chamber some few mientes previously, and consequently lost the opportunity of making bia motion of amendment, to the very apparent amusement and gratification of some honorable members ob the Govern- ment benobes. It is, I am informed, the intention of the bon. member to give fresh notice. A resolution affirming consideration in oommittee of the whole, of the propriety of introducing a bill to con- tinue and amend the oattle disease prevention Act, passed the oommittee. A resolution for the consideration of the propriety of introdnoing a Bill to oontinue and amend the Diseases in Sheep Act of 1866, waj similarly dealt with. The dis- cussion of both these resolutions waa somewhat lengthy. Tbe estimate for the construction and maintenance of subordinate roads was carried, after several motions of reduotion. lhatfor minor bridges and roads was like- wise passed. The estimate for the Bellinger was vigorously opposed, the omianion of the item was negatived by 22 to 14, and the motion of Mr. Burns for the reduotion of the smooit by £500 hy a similar majority. The estimate passed without amendment. '1 he Estimate for Necropolis and Cemetries psssed tbe Committee without amendment. Mr. Farnell stating in course of the discussion upon these items that ha believed that the Burials Begulation Bill, which will come on for second reading to-morrow, would prevent tbe objeotions, strongly put forward by several members, to the present system.-Dr. Lang ex- plained at some length the practice with regard to burial ground« in his native land.-Mr. J. Stewart pointed out the great objeotion to the carriage by railway, as the oost was bejODd the means of the poor olasses. The passing of these items occupied nearly si? hours. Tbe estimates for aborigines and miscellaneous ser vioes passed ; and at 10-15 the item for compensation of John Burnley was under disonssion, and when I left the gallery the reduction of tbe amount by the Government to £U75 had just been oarried. Ou Estimates lor department nnder Secretary for Poblio Works, Mr. Sutherland stated that the salary of Mr. Rae, of the Railways, wonld ba considered by the Government, and raised, if snob a oom se should be deemed advisable^_^^^^ 