INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. 1 NEW SOUTH WALES. We have files, of New South Wales papers to - the 17th inot. A special correspondent of ; the Sydney . Jsferald, deapatohed to the highly- ; eulogised Trunkey Creek . gold-fields, reports '? thereupon in a manner whioh will disillusionise not a few, we sngpect. This is a telegraphic epitome of what ho Bays: — ' I liave just re turned from Trunkey Creek, where I saw, all. the reefs— of which the live on Crooked Tree .Greek are the chief. The Etone looks' very well, but nothing specially astonishing.; indeed it is not so good looking us the top stone at Emu Creek. Tho best claims will go perhaps fron\ three to four ounces to ther ton. The country Lai a decidedly auriferous ,' look. Crooked Tree Creek runs into Trunkey , Creek, and alluvial gold ib found in both, with good surfacing. Similar reefs, a'l showing gold . in the atone, on cap, on riJgea, are to lie found ; in all directions within a circuit of twenty miles. There is very little work doing* only : eome four or five parties having opened out their reefs or claims. All the country in taken up along the line of reefs for ten miles, in five, ten, twenty, and even fifty acre leases; men. come on to the ground, find it all tuken up, and having nothing to do, go away again. Specula tion is likely to destroy a very valuable gold field, 'an thirty or forty persons arrive every day, and the same number jeave or go oapect 1 ing. The alluvial ground ia even takon up on lease.' A too vl journal, the Mercury, thus refers to : traces of the earthquake in the Hunter River Aiatrict. ranorted some time aero, but not then generally believed in : — *? It will be remem bered that soon after the earthquake of last year it was reported to us, 'and published nt the time, that some peculiar evidences of its power remained in the gullies of the . mountains about the Patorson. 0-tr infor mant of laBt year, Mr: C. R. Middle ton, who desires by the publication of his name to support the veracity of his statement, now tells us that within two miles of the Puteraon township,' among the mountains, hundreds and even thousands of tons of stone have been thrown down, rent asunder, and otherwise : marked by the progress of some mighty convul sions. Mr Middleton Bays the scone is well worth a visit, and professes himself willing to act as a guide- : to any gentlemen who may be carious to inapeot what, from the description given of it, mast be a most remarkable instance of explosive power. ''???-? ; The Bdlhurst Times narrates an adventure nearly resulting in a serious termination, whioh happened lately to Mr Peter Rotton and Dr. Pechey, who were on a visit to the Fiji Islands. ' These gentlemen, it ia said, moved by a spirit of adventure, oroBsed over one dav to an unin habited island in a small boat. They were ao oompanied by an aboriginal of this colony, and tho island was situated some miles from the main land. Upon arriving at their destination, ' they secured their boat, and proceeded inland to 'examine the interior of the island. When, they had finished their observations, they re turned to the shore, and found that their boat1 bad been completely broken to pieces by the aarf. This plaoed them in a very critirial posi tion, as their only chance of escape lay in the possibility of some vossel pausing the place of their captivity. For five days they had to subsist on nothing else but yams. Daring this time they hoisted their olothes oh poles as signals of distress, to attract the attention of any ship that might happen to pass. On the fifth day this dovico suoceeded, and they were iregcnod from tho island just in time to save Dr. Pechey, who had aimoat succumbed to ex dastion.' The Polynesian Kidnapping.— The Com mission appoiuted by his Excellenoy the Govornor, with the advioo of tho Executive Counoil, to inquire into and report upon cer tain cases of alleged kidnapping of natives of the Loyalty Islands in tho years 1867-8, and generally to inquire and report on the probable results of PJy noaian immigration, met in Sydney last week at the office of the Chief Secretary. Tho members present were: — Mr S'. Bennett, Mr W.B. Dalley, Mr J--hn Fairfax, MrF. Mitchell, Mr T. S. Mort, Mr C. Rolleslon, Mr C. Smith, and the Rev. Dr. Lang. : Mr 0. Rolleston pro sided. Thn business was initiated, but the Cora missien being of Royal appointment, its pro ceedings were conducted with oloaed doors, and the proas were not admitted. . ' A Desperate Case op Cattle Stealing — The Yass Courier reports that a cosj of cattle stca'ing ol the description technically known as 'death by the ronud swnmp ' occurred laRt Wfiek at Pud man — 'the ec- ne of many a similar offunco. The present one is if anything worse than any that has preceded it, as one of the delinquent*, not content with stealing, waB nearly adding mnrder to his crime. An old: man, named' M'Goon.wlio haa sorae cattle on the Pndmin, in'SJed a beaat, and snepecting ! what had become of it, went tn- Mrs Faller'u : place, which is no great distance ? from liiu own, and there discovered a man who goes by thoname vi Black Harry, nni who had been living with him, in the act, assisted by, : Mrs Fuller, of hoisting up on the gallows the carcase of the missing beast. Oa seeing M'Goon, Mrs Fuller called out to Black Harry, who is something more to the woman than mere butcher, to shoot tho ? -, upon which Harry discharged a shot from a gun at old : M'Gooniw'ho of' conrae retreated with all.po1 B1U1O e&peuiiiuu.; iui3 !? uurr, uowevf r, iui lowed hiiri with an axe, ii.tcn ling, as she said, to do for the old wretch. MGoon succeeded ia getting away safely, and went into Burrowa, where he prooured a warrant { -r Black llarry mill tho woman, both of whom were arrested. Tho man has been committed to t ke his irial, and the woman remanded. Ghosts in Rurbangong, — Tho following is from the Burravgong Argus; it reads rsraftrkatly ' sensational,' but is treated of seriously by the journalist : — ' Ia these en lightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts nmkhig their appearance, bat the following statement of what has be fallen three respectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The tbrei men referred to are splitting posts and rails for fanning at a place ai-oat four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, 'when they .were much startled l-v seeing in the bush near their but a white object about the size of a oat, but of n- particular form. This extraordinary looking object suddenly, before their eyts, cprang up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called ont toil;, but could get no reply, strn ok it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm, still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one waking up during the night he was much snrprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out thry siw the spectre, but no one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this nor the former occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes, from a mero nothing (,» ,a height of eight feet, quite dumb founded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unoarth'y looking animal, somewhat resembling a dopy, with a long chain attached to it, ; This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noiae, either by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (wile was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the ehot took no tfftjct upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have ro Inrnod. for thev heard the rattlint? of n ohnin and a noise like what a dog woulJ make when licking a plate. Upon looking oatsido, they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard ai if the plate was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last these men oatne into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the, door of the hnthai been pulled down and its contents brought outside and left there. Two put of the three men are w.'ll known to us, and we feel confl.lent that what we have stated may be, relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting thete quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards felled a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance.' They must be very cre dulous people in Burrangong. The Sydney Herald is very naturally jubilant over the fact that, 'by the outgoing mail,, the Messrs Flavelle Brothers and Roberts are transmitting to London a parcel of diamonds found in New South Wales — twenty stones weighing nine carats ; being, it is believed, the first shipment of any consequence of diamonds from Svdney to England.' Tbis is very good, yet it fades before what, we are informed, has been done by Mr Crisp on behalf of the Aus tralian Diamond Mine Company. We are in formed that Mr Crisp sent no less than 115 diamonds by the mail to the Victorian Agent General, Mr Verdon. These otonea are to bo cut and returned to the colony. We are as sured that they were obtained from the pro perty whioh is now that of tho A'lstriliim Diamond Mines Company. We observe that there is a new company — the Goloonda Dia mond, Go'd and Tin Mining Company — now in the field, thoir grouad, at Dry Crook, near Mantfield, being praised by the local paper as likely to yield Bplendid results. DIGGING FOE DIAMONDS. The Western Post thus refers to: 'the Mudgee Diamond Mine ' : — ' Suoh is the high-sounding titlo assigned to about a mile of frontage to the Cadgegong River, in the neighborhood of Two-mile . Fiat, by tele graphic agents and other?, who oeein im pressed with awe at the prospect of tho de velopment of untold traaeure in the locali'y referred to. Of the existence of diamonds, in this neighborhood a considiiiablo number of persons have suddenly recollected they were aware tan years ago. In 1859, we are tald, it was known that diamonds could be found near here, together with other pneious stones of minor value. The search after them, howover, appears not to have been proseouted with ar-y great zoa', from tho fact that thero wero no npplianoes for tho purpose; and from tho general ignorance Jof- the tests applied by lapi daries to obtain tho'valuo' of the jtswelp7'U was considered not unlikely that the moat valuable might not ' be detected without considerable : trouble in getting a Bciontifio teat applied. Gold miners gauerally saved a few, which staod the test of tue file, but usually more out of curiosity than anything else, an*1, as a rale, very little was thonght about the mater. Some few months ago, Messrs Crisp and Hunt ware iu.'ucod to prosecute ttio search for gems ia the neighborhood of Two mile Flat, and ? although the inac'iiiicv em ployed wa'j. riot so perfect in Mr C.'isp'a case us in Mr Hunt's, the latter having the ad vantage of a very perfect machin', a descrip tion of which we recently gnvp, a very valuable collection of precious stone-, including dia monds, rubipp, sapphirep, eniciraidfi, ametbytt , topaz, and others of! Iobs notr, Were found in payable quantities, anil eo far encouraged the prospectors tl at a company was formed of the ;tw6 jarties of prospeotorc,: aud a lease taken of a portion of the bed of the Cudgegonv E'ver as above alluded to, which gave promise of yielding a remunerative profit for working.' The Mwlgee. Liberal tajB on this sulijeot: — ' Th6 Hera'd aoouaee us of being oblivious to the wealth of our district. We preen mo this charge is made because we do not choose to exaggera'e our diamond streams for the benefit of a few grasp . ing land jobbers in Melbourne. Wo have not puffed itp our diamond-producing district, because at present the^e is nothing that will warrant euch a course. Tt»e people of Melbourne are already in a state of fevrir hca-, and we are not going to ndd fuel to the fire by false repre sentation!*. .There is nodenyiug that diamonds ? and ' precious stonos are to he found in our dis trict, hut nothing? to jnptify £56,000 companies being formed. If the MulboarueHes chcaso to invest their' money ia diamonds or afcy sort of bubble company, let them do it ; we only hopo they may get a dividend. If we took xliaren we should be agreeably surprised at receiving any.' 