THE BYRON SCANDAL. It has of late years become a rather trite remark that history tends not only to repeat, but quite as often to recon struct itself. So plainly perceptible is tins latter tendency, if it may not be called almost a laAv, that one is tempted to ask, Avith the first Napoleon, " What is history but a fable agreed upon?" Under this singular tendency, heroes haATe become brigands; A'illains, models of virtue and genius ; Avorshipped favourites ave re-appeared as demireps, and those upon whose memory infamy had thrown her last pebble have been exalted into the queens and heroines of their age. Nota ble instances of these metamorphoses, to a greater or less extent, have been Richard the Third, Alary Queen of Scots, and Lucrezia Borgia. The latest addition to the list— in this instance the black list — is Lord Byron. If the story, for the concoction and dissemination of which it is to he regretted that three women are chiefly responsible, be true, eAen the doubtful, Corsair-like splendour which has hitherto loomed about the ghost of the author of " Childe Harold" will be rudely dissipated, and will be succeeded by a cloud of Stygian darkness whose thick infbld- ings neither the lovers of his genius nor those who have pitied and condemned the sorroAvs and errors of the man will be able to lift. There is something naturally re pugnant to all generous minds in such a prospect, and one is not surprised to hear of the revulsion and indignation which Mrs. Beecher Stowe's not over-feminine — or should it be said thoroughly femi nine ? — scandal has provoked from a large portion of the literary and reading world. In the absence of fuller materials wherewith to form an opinion than have yet been supplied to the public, one can do little more than avow a share in the deep disgust which has been excited, and a belief that the tale will never be sub stantiated. Still, those who are best acquainted with Byron's poetry, a better index of the man's heart and brain than all his letters and diaries put together, will not be slow, even in default of fur ther evidence, to reject with scorn the foul blot which the innate scandal-loving ; X- — r — r- — ri and scandal-manufacturing propensities of certain minds have sought to impress upon his memory. If, in the whole com- , pass of the poet's works, there are por tions which evidently came from his' inmost affections, they are the stanzas inscribed " To Augusta." These will be found in the complete collection of his r works immediately following thfe lines written on the endorsement of the deed of separation from Lady Byron, in the April of 1816. These four lines may not be inaptly quoted here, Bince, had Lord Byron's separation from bis wife been owing to the cause insinuated by Mrs. Beecher StoAve, it is hardly credible, nay, it is incredible, to believe he could have had the effrontery to pen, much less to preserve for publication, such an off-hand effusion. The lines are : — " A year ago, you swore, fond she ! ' To love, to honour,' and bo forth : Such was the vow you pledged to me. And here's exactly what 'tis worth." Whereas such a sentiment is perfectly intelligible on the ground that Lady Byron had not forgiven any ordinary in fidelity on the part of her husband. But the various stanzas to " AugUBta," among the most beautiful which the poet ever wrote, and to which one naturally turns with some anxiety, under the new light, by. AAThich we have been favoured with in structions to read them, contain passages which to most minds will cany unde signed evidence of his innocence, In the first " Stanzas" which appear to throw light upon those passages in his life, when, as he himself confesses, .he had little doubt Lady Byron thought him mad, and Avhich Avere written about the same time, or shortly afterwards, we have, among others, the following lines : — " When fortune changed — and lore fled far, And hatred's eh alts flew thick and fast, Thou wert the solitary star Which rose and set not to the last," And again — " And when the cloud upon us came, Whi&h; strove to blacken o'er thy ray— Then purer spread its gentle flame, And dashed the darkness ail-away." What is this but the outpouring of love and gratitude to a sister Avhose sympathy at the time of trial to which allusion is made probably, or really, did preserve the poet's mind from giving way? At the same time these passages appear to suggest that folly or malignity had even then ven tured to surround the manifestation of that sympathy with an air of suspicion, if not of the vilest calumny. The next pas sage -which we shall quote is from the second copy of verses or stanzas to " Augusta, ' and which are dated 24th July, 1816:— " Though human, thou didst not deceive me, Though woman, thou didst not forpake, Though loved, thou forborest to grieve me, ' Though slandered, tliou never couldfit shake j Thougli trusted, thou didst not disclaim me. Though parted, it was not to fly, Though watchful, 'twas not to drfume me, Nor, mute, that the world might belie." There is a kind of revelation of secrets in these lines, exactly of the secrets which, of all others, a sister might be supposed to share in at such a time, and which malign influences would naturally seek to distort on the other tide. If, now, the reader choose to turn to the celebrated lines known as the "Sketch," and to mark the motto which precedes them, perhaps some new light maybe thrown upon this terrible crisis in Byron's life. They are dated Alarch, 1816. It is im possible not to believe that these Stygian verses Avere dictated by no ordinary- emotions. Were they in part those excited by the slander on Augusta ? From this point of view read the last six lines, especially these tAvo : — " But for the love I bore, and still mutt bear To her, thy malice from all ties would tear." There could be no special reason .for his forbearance on .the score of. Lady- Byron's name or feelings, since these might have been supposed tolerably well known and in every tobhth, bqt for every imaginable reason he would forbear for the sake of a beloved sister. The last poem to which we refer is the " Epistle to Augusta," the ch&rtn; of Vhich as a poem can never pass away, even we should think for those who may have the misfortune to be poisoned by Mrs. Stowe's latest contribution to litera ture. We shall quote only two lines, the first two, and leave to the reader the pleasure of turning to the poem, and , then of drawing his own conclusion as to this most hateful calumny on the memory both of the poet and of the sister who could inspire an addrefiB so ex quisite: — _ . "My aittor'! tny «wet litter 1 ifankme 4 Dearer and purer were, it- should be thine. 