SPIRITUALISM IN AMERICA. No. III. All over the Union the lecturers on Spiri- tualism are actively engaged elucidating its principles, organising branch societies, and establishing children's Lyceums.. Tho names and addresses of 216 of these missionaries are given in The Banner of Light of the 27th February last. Reports of the deliverances of the more popular speakers appear from time to time in its columns, and from these we learn the influence which the all-powerful American " platform" is bringing to bear in favour of the movement. From a copy of the same journal of May 30,1888, we make an excerpt from a lecture delivered by the Hon. Warren Chase in tho Mercantile-hall, Boston, on Sunday afternoon, May 10, The lecturer claimed for tho doctrines of Spiri- tualism a scientific basis. After rapidly sketching tho progress of natural science from tho infancy of mankind, ho proceeded : " But there had also been another sphere in which tho human mind ever laboured earnestly-that of religion, Man, by nature, was a religious being ; not by experience, not by revelation, but by nature was he led to the examination of his interior needs-just as by nature he was an active being, a thinking being. But in this field Science had made no progress. Although the colleges might label some of their theologic mystifications "Science," yet in tho whole Christian system, there was no such thing as science to be found. Its speculative philosophy was like tho astronomic theories of earlier ages, which were exploded by the system of Copernicus, as demonstrated by Galileo. With its vague utterances it strove to inculcate a hope of something after death—something on tho other side of tho dark river ; but every evi- dence of the truth of continued existence of conscious life beyond this, every demon- stration of an intellect exerted on our earth after tho material body had crumbled into its original dust, was wholly and totally repu diated by it. If such demonstrations occurred under certain conditions inside the pale of the church, they were looked on as direct in- terpositions of Divine Providence, vouch- safed to tho children of mortality for special ends ; if outside, they were regarded as the work of incarnate evil. But in either case they were held to be miraculous, trans- cending all natural law, and having no con- nexion whatever with Science. " In tho whole Christian religion, as taught by its varied and opposing sects, there was a studied effort to keep Science out of tho church. Never in any department had Re ligion condescended to allow tho power of Science to add its demonstrations to her truth. This direct and absolute denial and rejection of Science in religious matters had kept men theorising and evolving ideas and plans, which had increased to such an extent as to comprise some 500 or 600 differing doctrines, supported by organised bodies of believers, besides as many thousand individual opinions, all claiming to be within the pale of Christendom. When any new religious idea was presented, or a new creed started, its followers hastened to fortify themselves behind the Bible ; to prove tho truth of their assertions by texts and varied passages, whereunto they had attached a different meaning from their fellows in the old systems. Ask any of them for a de- monstration of their faith, and they would turn immediately to that book, on which they all rested, and as there was no higher authority recognised to which tho disputants could appeal, no question of creedal difference could be settled, and no point was proven by them, not even the first one, in which they professed to agree—that of a continued, con- scious existence after death. " So long as Religion was held away from Science there was no chance for a settlement of these vexed questions. Theories would in- crease, till, in time, a religion should arise based on science, which should transcend and confute them all. This was the mission of Spiritualism. Uniting Science and Religion, it demonstrated its own truth clearly to every reasoning mind. Its work was to explode the old system of blind faith, and give a knowledge of Divine fruition. Now what had it done? It had demonstrated the fact of tho existence of bodies, impondorable and invisible—contain ing within themselves intelligence to guide their uses and actions—which bodies were daily in our very midst, possessing the powers of language and thought we did, though be- tween us and them rolled the waves of a mystic change. All along tho past the Christian religion has asked us to believe this —to have faith that we shall rise triumphant in the final hour ; now we have it clearly de- monstrated to us that these beings exist, and as they ' live, we shall live also !' No longer need the Spiritualist hope for tho realisation of this belief—he has the ' evidence of things not seen.' "It was true that while Theology ruled the colleges, academies, and free schools of the land in the interest of tho church, this great truth would be barred, in a measure, from the minds of her votaries ; but, outside, know- ledge ruled supreme—there were teachers and speakers labouring every day ; there were phenomenal demonstrations going on, to establish those facts which tho Christian church could not overthrow. Suppose the colleges did refuse to acknowledge the truth now, what then ! They refused to take in geology or astronomy, and repelled the science of anatomy, till they were all firmly estab- lished in the great heart of humanity outside. Yet not one of these sciences had made so rapid an advance as Spiritualism. This fact all who had commenced with it had lived to see—in barely 20 or 25 years, in spite of the combined opposition of church organisations, it had increased in numbers, till to-day it mus- tered a larger force than that contained in the ranks of any religions denomination in tho country ; and not one of them could show greater intelligence among its believers." The foregoing may be taken as affording a fair specimen of the tone adopted by the various lecturers on this important subject. The audiences they address appear to take the foundational assumptions of Spiritualism, as proved by past experience, for the speakers treat them, apparently without opposition, as undoubted facts. One lecturer, addressing a largo audience in tho Music-hall, Boston, on Sunday, January 17,1SG9, is reported to have observed : " We do not propose to discuss, in this lec- ture, tho question of spirit—whether spirits can or do communicate. The proofs have been given to tho world for the last 20 years, and we claim that it is so clearly established that we will not insult your reason by an attempted demonstration. As well might tho astronomers of to- day feel called upon to prove the truth of tho Copernican system, or tho geologist deem it necessary to substantiate tho fact of the existence of the earth. But we do claim that Spiritualism is a science, and that there is to be deduced from it an absolute system of mental philosophy, as capable of being taught and understood as chemistry or geology. And we also claim that those who have made it a matter of study should ho entitled to credit in the de- gree in which they have investigated, while no weight should be attached to the state- ments of impostors and charlatans. As a science, Spiritualism cannot be denied. The secret of its success, tho methods of its opera tion, tho vast resources which are brought to bear upon it, are as wide as tho field of human existence and experience." As was to be expected, during tho years it has been progressing, spiritualism has met in the United States with vehement opposition and criticism. Works have been published by writers of considerable repute, attempting to refute its philosophy, and occasionally tra veiling mediums have been detected in the practice of imposture and trickery. The fact, however, which arrests our attention is, that, spite of searching investigation, and severe criticism, spiritualism is advancing with evi- dent rapidity, and bids fair, before the lapse of many years, to become tho dominant be- lief of tho country. Tho bold prophecies of its developers, uttered and laughed at years ago, seem now to be hopeful of fulfilment. In tho last chapter of Davis's Philosophy of Spiritual Intercourse, we find a passage pur- porting to be prophetic of tho fate of existing theologies, which is worth quoting, for two reasons-first, because of the insight it affords into an oft-discussed historical secret ; and, secondly, as showing the overmastering influence predicated on behalf of the now religion : "Actuated by tho profoundest conviction of duty, theological architects have con- structed, from a combination of right and wrong materials, a vast doctrinal labyrinth, and now, so far from being in the simple truth, they scorn irretrievably lost in the mysterious windings of this amazing ímmen- sity. Centuries ago, and about the retiring of the period of deification, when fathers chieftains, kings, and other superiors were feared and worshipped by inforiorst the opi- nion was conscientiously entertained and promulgated that the patriarchs were super naturally endowed and commissioned to con- vey requests to and receive communications from tho great Jehovah. \- " That uninterrupted intercourse with the Doity might bo secured and pre- served, pyramids were founded embodying the sacredness of the catacomb, tho mo- nument, and the tabernacle. Many gene- rations of incessant toil were required for ' their consummation. And ' the de- motion, the sanctimonious solemnity, the honest conviction of duty, and the purity of motive, whicb characterised, prompted, and nerved each person to labour for the accom plisbment of the holy end, have nowhere a parallel. The materials employed were of quantity sufficient for the construction of a beautiful city ; the amount of labour be- stowed would, properly organised and applied, liave .gardenised a wilderness ; and the mass of wealth appropriated and consumed, might have enriched a nation, and alleviated the ?wants i and gladdened the hearts of thou- sands. * " "For a succession of conturies after their completion, the pyramids were sacredised monasteries, consecrated to the exclusive use of deified priests and revered patriarchs. And the supposition universally prevailing, that these men received unmeasured know- ledge from mysterious sources, the untaught individual voluntarily imposed upon himself arbitrary ceremonies, gloomy incarcerations, and sanguinary inflictions. "But timo marched on, and the scene was changed. The experience of ages, tradi- tionally preserved, demonstrated the in utility and unrealness of long- fostered con- victions. And multitudes, emboldened by familiarity with the sacerdotal orders, and no longer confounded or amazed by their pre- tensions unestablished and unredeemed, boldly interrogated those long-supposed founts for religious illumination. But no voice was heard. The holy retirements were searched, and naught but lifeless bodies em lalmed and interred, and a melancholy de- solation, were visible to the seeker after truth, m the place where alone it was once believed to exist. And now they stand in desolate grandeur, untenanted by priest -or prophet, useless except as marks of hu- manity's growth, and unadmired except by tho intelligent antiquarian, who gathers therefrom lessons of Oriental architecture and food for his excited imagination. "And yet the Egyptian Pyramids are not destitute of an interior signification. Al- though once the dormitories of heliopolesian prophecies, they are now evidences that error is essentially mortal and self-destructive. They briefly represent the history of the supernatural pyramids which, composed of mythology and theology, received their last addition and attained their greatest magni- tude when dawned the 19th century. And in them, too, is uttered the fearful prophecy, which will be fully verified in the corre- sponding abandonment of all long-established theological superstructures, whose angular projections wound the sensibilities of every harmonious and well-balanced mind ! "A voluntary departure of their present sacerdotal inhabitants is not in the least anticipated, for these have an entailed right to occupy their mysterious apartments ; but that tho people will demand spiritual light and knowledge not in their possession, and that they will silently escape, and leave their systems desolate, is of all things the most absolutely certain. And as tho ancient Egyptian pyramids have no place in the sacred affections, and are only objects of wonder in the present age, even so will modern systems of theology lose their in- fluence upon the mind, and be known only as monuments indicating tho death and burial-place of imperfect forms of thought, to tho intelligent interrogator in future genera- tions." It would surely be unwise to shut our eyes longer to the existence of a system of theological philosophy which puts forward these amazing pretensions. Whether tho philosophy of tho spiritualists be based on hallucination or on real revela- tion, it is almost equally interesting to us to know what sort of an after-life they antici- pate for themselves and the world. What sort of a place is the " Summer Land " where the spirits dwell, when not engaged in their labour of elevating the aspirations and as- sisting the noble endeavours of the best among mankind ? The second sphere, as the first super-mundane abiding place is termed, is painted as a spiritualised earth. All that is loveable, artistic, and beautiful in this world is there, transfigured, sublimated, and refined. Life is as real there as here; in- dividual identity as complete ; social en- joyment as precious, but a thousand times moro intense. Everything which the educated intellect sighs for vainly on earth, is abundantly supplied in the Summer Land, which tho good spirit trained to noble deeds and holy aspirations enters as a heritage of happiness, This is how Theodore Parker, one of the most earnest religious teachers of this century, is said through the mediumship of his friend Dr. Willis, to describe his awakening in the spirit world : "What a beautiful day it was when my spirit, freed from a suffering body, stood re- vealed in its strength and individual life ! I know no feeling of earth that can express in fulness that senso of interior satisfaction. I was. I nm. I shall be. Yes, for ever. I live. God is. My very soul seemed palpable unto me. I felt its divine thiobs ot joy. "I stood ina lovely valley. Sloping on all sides towards it were undulating hills, ver- dant, and crowned with trees. Something such a spot I had seen in an engraving of one of Turner's pictures ; but no picture could represent the whole view my eye hold. In the distance I beheld villas and terraced gardens. Near me was a stream of crystal water¡ and tender flowers were growing and beautiful shrubs. The air about me was like a dewy summer's morning when the Howers give their most delicate fragrance to the coming sunbeams, and win their life by gifts of sweetness. I knew that a few hours be- fore I was conscious of a faint suffocating sense as if life were languishing, and that I lay in a room that to my closing external senses seemed cold and dark, with only one loving band giasping mino ; and yet now I .was free and exultant in life and vigour. With that consciousness came a desire to move. What ecstacy of motion was this that made my will operative, so that I know no effoit save that of desire ? I moved up the valley to a spot where I had seen children at play. It was then I discovered that something bo side my own will had led mo hither ; for there was a feeling that some one bad called me. It was such a senso as in my childhood days I had felt when my mother bade me come that sho might put her hand upon mo and smooth my hair and win a kiss, The same sense of restful love was with rae. In my heart I was a child again, and my wish was to feel myself encucled in that same tender caio, and to know myself the recipient of the same loving thoughts, With that wish I moved forward to a vine covered grotto, and behold—who? Could it, indeed, bo that loving being I had known so long ago-my mother? She had no touch of ago upon her. Her body was as lithe and beautiful as those of the maidens who danced over tho gravo of Adonis But my heart dared not go out to this being ; it held itself back in doubt. I watched the faco. A smile as tender as a young mother gives her first-born passed over it. A hand moved out iii beckon- ing wish, and fiom it seemed to flow an attractive power. In a moment I rested my bead upon her shoulders, and wept; yes, wept tears refreshing and restful. I lenew no doubt or fears henceforth. " I lived, and I was with the being I had so longed to see. All else must surely be right and best in the end." To those who make tho most of their op- portunities of spiritual advancement on earth tho opening of tho after-life is thus described as tho'.beginning of ineffable happiness,-the commencement of an eternal career of de- velopment through sphere above sphere of in- creasing harmony and glory. For the unpre- pared spirit, howevor, there is a long period of probation and suffering to pass before it is possible for it to feel the divine influence whicb leads to happiness and peace. It is the constant effort of the highor spirits to assist in the development of their baser brethren, both upon the earth and in tho second sphere All the alleged spirit revela- tions agree on this point. Some of thom supply details of considerable minuteness regarding tho treatment of dopraved natures, and from one of these undoubtedly unique communica- tions we cnll the following : "The Prison House of tho Depraved! The Hell of tho Spirit-World ! What is it? Are there chains and darkness, flaming fires, and tormenting devils? Does the sun never shine through tho dark atmosphere of the place of torment prepared for the wicked by the justice of tho loving Father ? I conned these questions over and over in my mind, both before and after I became a spirit, froo to search for the abodes of the condemned, beforo I was fully" instructed as to tho ulti- mate destiny of all mankind, and tho ways of God toward erring men. I reflected, often, upon this text of Scripture : ' He maketh his sun to riso on tho ovil and on the good, and sendeth rain upon the just and tbo unjust.' I reflected that in oarth-lifo the flowers blooiii, the dow-drops glitter, tho birds warble, and the brooks murmur for the wicked the same as for the good j and I could see wisdom na well as benevolence in this, as I reflected that good gifts awaken tho finer sentiments of the spirit, whereas curses provoke all that is evil in man's nature to more active exercise. " I scanned the glowing, lovely landscapes of the spirit-land, and my spirit uttered songs of gratitude and praise to the .Divino Giver of such good gifts ; and I knew in my inmost spirit that I should find no spot in this lovoly sphere where living spirits dwelt, whare thero was not beauty-such divino harmony as might awaken such sentiments as I expe- rienced. There is no vengeance in God's nature, thought I, and his justice prompts to tho uso of tho best, tho most merciful means to insure man's redemption from depravity. I was allowed to settle tho quostion as to the ex- istence of a real, local hell, in my own mind to ray own satisfaction, beforo my toachors in- structed me upon the subject. I gathered from " their instructions many hints that wero very useful tome in coming to the conclusion that the hell which individuals found was in their own natures, rather than in the sphere as a place different from othor places. " Tho time at length arrived when I was prepared to visit tho first circle, in quest of knowledge in respect to tho condition of the lowest class of mankind that enter the spirit world. I visited a temple in this circle at first ; the place of resort of all grades of indi- viduals of the circle. It was a gorgeous pile. Its glittering domes and towers sparkled in the lovely light of the spiritual atmosphere, and created such emotions in tho mind as always result from tho sight of the most brilliantly beautiful objects that can bo presented to tho vision. Tho first view of such a templo would natu- rally excite strong emotions in the mind of any individual, however low in the scale of being. In my own mind, the first thought awakened by this sight was -it is sought to arouse tho dormant feelings of the people who congregate hero, by presenting to them this i dazzling vision of beauty. I entered the temple, and gazed upon the glittering roof, where diamonds and precious stones of every name commingled their rich rays to dazzle the sight, and I was assured that the mind that could withstand the effect of tho outf ide .and inside view of this templo without being deeply exercised, was indeed seared, or by nature incapable of feeling. My observations proved to me that very few entered the temple who wero not, in a degree, overcome by the scene presented within. It was a vast struc- ture, composed of numerous courts and apart- ments for tbo various uses it was to servo. Nothing of beauty and harmony was lacking in this temple, devoted to the ipstruction of the lowest class of humanity of the section where it was situated." It wa9 for the use of a com- munity composed entirely of individuals of the first circle. The teachers who conere gatcd there to instruct were of neighbouring communities of the second and third circles. " With what emotions did I gazo upon tho crowd of people in that temple ! They were all dark hued ; their magnetism being deeply tinted with tho dark colours-sure evidence of depravity. Some woro careless, stupid, beastly ; others wero thoughtful, but had tho tiger in their nature, and raged inwardly, like tigers caged. No outward restraint was put upon them ; but they felt tho power of invisible teachers, who threw their psycholo- gical power over them to restrain them within proper bounds while in the public assembly. Who in earth-lifo has hardly yet dreamed of the uso of this great power in Nature? More potent than bolts and bars, it is the power which restrains unrecognised, guides unseen, to tho moro peaceful paths of righteousness, the slaves of vice. " I visited the homes of wretches steeped in crime, and acquainted myself with their ex- periences, through themselves and teachers. I marked that their homes wero invariably surrounded with exquisite scenery, and adomed in a style that could not fail to be attractive to any that could appreciate beauty and harmony of arrangement. I knew that higher circles had the oversight of this, and devised the surroundings of these people, that they might have all the aids which could possibly bo afforded thom to promote their advancement. Notwitlistanding this beauty, all the devisements of benevolence exhibited in these homes. I found that within them vice was reaping its just reward, and being overcome by the means of imposed tortures of mind inflicted upon individuals by the psychological power of their helpers, as well as by the means of reading the past over and over again as memory spread beforo the mind the open book of life, and would not that it be closed. "'I have suffered the tortures of the damned,' said one to me whose powers of mind made it possible for his teachers to has- ten his development by means of imposed suffering. ' In imagination, I have traversed arid deseits, gloomy forests and dismal swamps ; I have climbed rugged mountains for a gleam of sunshine which might, per- chance, greet me from the summit and help to thaw tho ice that was Ireezing my spirit. I have encountered deadly miasms while tra veising dismal swamps, which would rise up like demons before me, and encompass me like the deadly vapours of tho Upas, threaten- ing to destroy me at once. If death could have come to my release at such moments— yes, everlasting death, I should have rejoiced. Such experiences are like dreams or visions, and I dread thoir occurrence as I would dread the knout. I am sometimes in doubt as to what purpose is to be served by these expe- riences ; but there are seasons when I am sure they are working for my good.' This man had been 'steeped in iniquity' from tho period of early manhood till death in middlo age. His parents were not of a class that bequeathed noble natures to their children, although they stood well in society. This man had intellect sufficient to have placed him high in tho third circle, at his entrance into spirit-life, had it not been that this intellect was beclouded with depravity—an inherited depravity, and which could only be eradi- : cated by suffering ; either intensely for a shorter season, or more moderately for a longer onp. The ghosts of his former crimes haunted him as memory recalled them, and as they were painted upon his imagination in vivid colours by the over-present power, which was, by turns, his tormentor and comforter. " I visited the home of a harlot, recently added to the community from earth- lifo. Sho was in the home of a relativo who had beou of her own crade, but was emerging from hor lowest condition, having become capable of appreciating her surroundings in somo degree. Had I been ignorant of tho fact that spirits do not-dio, I should have believed that the pitiable object I saw in this home was dying. She was reclining upon a couch, with atten- dants busily engaged about her impelling into bor system magnetic fluids, in tho endea- vour to restore consciousness ; to awaken the donnant energies of her whole nature. Sho was as ono in a deathly stupor. Hor vocation in earth-lifo had so vitiated her nature that tho substaneo composing hor spiritual body was so raro that the body could not porform its natural functions with sufficient power or energy to permit the mind to net through it so that consciousness could result. Sho had been in this condition for several weeks, and months must pass before full consciousnos3 would be restored. Hers was the condition of all of her class on being born into the spiritual state. Thought I, it is a terrible com- pensation for the degradation imposed upon the whole nature by such a life. "I visited a male debauchee, and learned that tho penalty of lewdness is visited alike upon male and female. Unerring justice, as exhibited by nature, points the shaft alike to tho seducer and his victim when tho crime of perverting the natural functions of the human system is punished; but there is a deadly shaft—a poisoned arrow, that stings the vital nature of him who has betrayed trusting innocence, and lured to the sure path of folly his helpless victim. This shaft is for him alone. "Tho mental degradation of this class is outgrown by suffering, like that of every other class. Regeneration comes by repentance, and individual effort stimulated by repent- ance. Tho sufferings inflicted upon the low aro just according as their natures can bear, and are only for aiding them into the path of repentance and regeneration. Ven- geance prompts not one single experience. It is not the prerogative of those of tho' second sphere who are the appointed agents to assist this class into tho path of progress, to appoint the punishments of men ; but nature has so arranged that crime punishes itself; or in other words, that the rcmorso of conscience that can be aroused in tho mind of tho criminal, is tho 'means of eradicating from his nature the seeds of depravity, whose fruit was crime, and whose nature it is to continue to germinate and bring forth such fruit until they are eradicated. Benevolent teachers weep over the sufferings of their wards ; yet stern ne- cessity is laid upon them to help them, and they will not flinch. Tho surgeon may weep , as no contemplates tho sufferings ho inflicts as his blade cuts into the vital flesh of some victim of disease or accident ; yet he stays not his operations because he inflicts pain ; ho only hastens them to tho extent his patient can bear, that tho latter may be the sooner re- lieved. As the surgeon's knife is not the real cause of the suffering endured, but the disease or accident, so it is the nature of the depraved which causes their sufferings, be they ever so severe." This gives an idea, as put forth on spirit authority, of the nature of the after life for tho wicked and worldly-minded. For the rege- nerated spirit there seems to be no bounds to the means of happiness and elevation. We are told "People crawling about upon a physical planet, with no wings to propel them swiitly through tho atmosphere, with no power to overcome the gravity of their physical bodies, winch enchains them to the surface, can scarcely realise that it is possible for spirits to ' fly on wings of light' from sphere to sphere, from sun to sun of the vast systems of the universe, after they aro educated into tho method of doing this. With electric spoed they travel, because their bodies are magnetic substance, and aro propelled by magnetic forces which are regulated by will-power, as the motions of the physical body are regulated by, the will. The creeping worm that emerges from its grosser state and soars joyously through the air, fluttering above every flower, appro- priating its fragrance, attempting vast heights, and scorning tho grovelling condition which was tho cradle of its existence, typifies man in his physical and spiritual states. He comes forth a worm. He creeps over the physical surface for a season, and then, like the winged insect, he emerges from his prison a free spirit, and soars, at length, whithersoever ho will. None may set bounds to the ultimate power of a spirit, or limit tho scope of its am- bition. It ventures through deeps on deeps of unexplored oceans of knowledge, and still sees beyond deeps on deeps, fathomloss, im- measurable. It soais through heights on heights of celestial wisdom, and sees beyond heights on heights, stretching to the very seat of the Infinite, and yet it ventures on, for ever soaring." Our space will not permit of our giving further illustrations of tho nature of the aftoi-life as taught by the spiritual scribes. Thoso who desire fuller information on the subject will experience little difficulty in obtaining it, as many volumes have been devoted to this phase of the new philosophy. We have striven to supply a conception of the higher developments of American spiritualism, and although the attempt has necessarily been ciudo and imperfect, are not without hopo that it will have enlightened many minds respecting the character of a truly remark- able movement. It will, and we conceive ought to be, recognised that spiritualism, whatever may bo thought of tho marvellous hypotheses upon which its philosophy rests, is . calculated to exercise on mankind an elevat- ing and not a debasing influence. Admitting, for illustration's sake, its astounding premises, that it is the mission of that modern miracle worker—magnetism—to bridge over the gulf that has separated the mundane from the spiritual spheres, and that this junction is to be regarded as natural, not supernatural, its further teachings partake of the very essence of Christian morality. Its schomo of ethics is, in fact, naked, uncreedal Christianity. It culls from all religions of the past and present their best and loveliest principles, and seeks to bring them into harmony with the latest developments of science. It is this which doubtless has caused it to fascinate so many noble intellects among our Ame- rican brethren, It is this which makes it possess a charm for minds like those of Ed- monds, Dexter, Longfellow, Gray, Bushneil, Chase, Hare, and Willis, in the United States ; and Howitt, Lytton, Chambers, and De Morgan, in England. The union of science and religion has been tho desideratum of philosophers for centuries. Their anta- gonism has produced bigots of unreason on tho one hand and bigots of materialism on the other. It is hardly surprising, therefore, that the advent of a philosophy professing to harmonise the two should have been exten- sively welcomed, spite of the fact of its being . based on pretensions so diametrically opposed to the genius of actuality which is supposed to be tho ruling characteristic of the nine- teenth century. 