THE AFRICAN GOLD-FIELDS. (From the Ti animal Aigm, Feb. 2nd.) Mr. Wood, a trader, accompanied by Mr. John, I arrived in town from the interior yesterday morning. He states that he was at the Tate diggings on the 18th Inst., at which time there were but two diggers at work, Messrs. Davonhill and Corbitt ; three other diggers, whom he calls the Greytown party, joined on the following day, having hut just arrived. The Port Elizabeth party were digging two holes about four feet deep and about three feet in diameter ; the work performed by them during the whole of the time they had been there he himself could have done in a single day without any assistance. Kuru man had not joined the tribe ; parties, as is the custom of the natives, had been sent in all directions to search for him. Twenty-one men belonging to the Glasgow and Limpopo Company, under the leadership of Dr. Coverly, arrived at Potchefstroom last Sunday morning, the 31st ult. They are accompanied by six experienced miners, who call themselves the Australian and New Zealand Company, having been engaged in mining for a series of years in those colonies as well as in California. Coward's waggon train (five waggons) has also arrived, with six digger? as passengers. Mr. de Villiers arrived in town from the Victoria, S. A., Gold-fields on Saturday morning, the 23rd silt., and brought with him some very fine samples of gold-bearing quartz, as also a small quantity of alluvial gold. Mr. de Villiers left the gold-fields on the 20th December, at which time the Port Elizabeth party of Fourteen under Chapman, and Messrs. Davonhill and Corbitt, were the only persons at work. Eight days this side the Tate, he met about sixty diggers, among whom were the Queenstown party, proceeding on their way to the gold-fields. It is Mr. de Villiers's opinion that where he had been at work, the alluvial diggings would not pay, but that the quartz there found, with proper machinery to crush, would. It is, however, of importance to state that the Martabolo at present will not allow the _ diggers to pass beyond the Ramakoban to the richer parts of the southern gold-field, for which it would appear they will treat only with the British Government, The commission, if once on the spot, would soon settle this and other questions of importance (From the Natal Mercury, Feb. 23.) A small piece of quartz from the Latin, which I to the naked eye presented not the slightest auriferous indication, has been assayed and gave at the rate of nearly an ounce of gold to the ton. THE SEARCH FOR GOLD The following is the report of Mr. Parsons on the operations in the county of Alexandra :-" Pietermaritzburg, February 17th, 1869. Sir,-I have the honour to send you a report of the operations under- taken by me in search of gold in Alexandra county. As you are aware, the first speck of gold was found in one of the gravel bars of the Umtwalumi. Finding these bars did not contain the precious metal in remunerative quantities, and from the fact of the gold being water-worn, light, and only found on the surface, I concluded that it must have been brought down from some older deposit that the river had recently invaded. This conclusion was borne out by my finding in the Little Umgeni (a tributary of the Unitwalurai) an old auriferous deposit of boulders and gravel, consisting of quartz, granite, and porphyry, cemented with iron-rust. It was at the board of the river I first tried the wash, and obtained gold in small quantity. I then tried further down the flat, and got a 'prospect' sufficient to induce me to bring water for two miles, with the intention of working the deposit. - In this a Californian miner, of many years' mining experience, fully concurred, knowing that if we made it pay but little, it would be quite sufficient to cause the country to be extensively prospected. by two months the ditch was finished, and I then found the place that promised so well was only a small patch the tunnel had cut through ; so, finding the gravel around would not pay more than Is. a day, I deserted it. Thinking there might be an inner lead, I had shafts sunk a few yards apart, cutting the flat at right angles with the river, but did not find the gold in greater quantity. I after wards sank a shaft in a small gully about two miles higher up the river, where, from a hole in bed-rock, containing about half a bucketful of gravel and mud, I obtained two grains weight of gold. I then tried the hill above the gully, and after sinking about three foot through the soil and sand, I found a hard iron content containing angular pieces of quartz in this I at once got the colour, but below, although there was a bed of very water-worn quartz pebbles, I could not obtain a speck of gold. The last thing I did was to trace the gold inland as far as the source of the Umzumbi, perhaps forty miles from the sea. I could always find the colour, but in every case the gold continued to presents water worn appearance The geological formation is essentially primitive ; all the metamorphic rocks (especially slate) being found flanking the main granite range, then rocks on the coast side are broken through, and mingled in a very confusing manner, by a quartzose granite inclining to gross, which, in a decomposed state, forms the bedrock on which the auriferous gravel is found. There is every probability of gold being found in paying quantity, for not only is the geological formation identical with the auriferous regions of Brazil, but Mr. Sutherland (lately arrived in the Bulla Rose), a miner of nineteen years' experience in California and Australia, informed me he has worked, with good results, on the same grounds as that described by me to him in Nevada county (California), the Braidwood district (New South Wales), and the Ovens district (Victoria) I met many of the newly-arrived diggers in Dtic bar, and from the specimens seen, and the description I gave them of the country, they were unanimous in their opinion that it was most probable gold would eventually be discovered there in payable quantity I have, etc., GEO. ROUT. PARSONS. lion. T. Shepstone, Esq., Secretary for Native Affairs, Pietermaritzburg." (From the Mount Alexander Mail, April 5th.) A correspondent, who lately left this district for the new African gold- fields, writes : " NATAL, DECEMBER 10TH, 1868. " I arrived here on the 12th inst. At Mauritius three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately escaped. We were detained a few days in consequence, but it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that nearly all the reports we had heard regarding the gold- fields were lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by fourteen men for twelve months, during which time they have only knocked out some 3oz. of gold. Distance certainly lends enchantment to the view, for few bore appear to know anything about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz from which he said he could get 60oz. to the ton, which I am sure would not produce a pennyweight. . I think the fellow must be tracked, for Rio allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely-looking stone who failed to discover the ghost of a spook, nor could we find | the colour on any of the lot he had. If over a fellow deserved Lynching he certainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that an English prospecting party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distance up country quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 miles. No chance of wagging it bore. It will cost £40 per man for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, _ provisions, (fee, consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with them. in for a penny in for a pound ; we are come so far and are bent on seeing a little of the country, but whatever you do stay where you are I till you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again I say, stay where you are. You remember flour t Hope rush, or Mount Hoax, as it was called. There is a good deal of " ditto" about this affair, something not quite " the pure merino." By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but " it wouldn't wash." The Kaffirs work for next to nothing, 12s. per month, and two feeds of sweet potatoes per day and as for living being so very cheap, yon can live as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing I have seen as yet 3d. for thirty peaches, and the same amount for ten melons. ... I will write as soon as ever I can get a chance of doing so. I wish I was back at Guildford again ; catch me coming on a wild goose chase again, that's all." 