??; ~' , Cafott §to^; ? «. ? « ? ? : ' : Saint Francis' Temperance Society. — On Monday evening last, a lecture in connection with the above society was delivered by the Very Rev. Dean Lynch, V. F., of Armidale, in \- St. Francis' schoolroom. The attendance waa numerous. The chair was occupied by the President of the Society, the Rev. Father Sheridan, and near him were the following clergymen :- Rev. T. McCarthy, P. Newman, M. J. Dwyer, E. Athy, J. Garvey, and P. TPif.znatrick. The Reverend chairman in intro ducing the lecturer, said it afforded him much pleasure, for Dean. Lynch was known by reputa tion both by old and young, and had labored for 30 years in the cause of total abstinence which they all had so much at heart. With his cha racteristic kindness he had come forward to give them the benefit of his experience. Their society was only called into existence on the 29fch, of last June, the festival of Saints Peter and Paul, and it had now 1388 numbers on its roll book. They also had a benefit society, with a juvenile guild for young persons between the ages of 9 and 16, both of which were doing much good. Their meetings were held every Monday evening, and it was their intention to have a course of lectures during the winter season, and he had now much pleasure in introducing to them Dean Lynch who would give them the inaugural address. The very Rev. Dean Lynch on rising was received with cheers. He commenced by stating that he was not going to deliver a studied lecture, for he felt he could not urge any reasons in favour of his subject, that had not already been advanced by others. Experi ence was the best lesson which he could bring to bear, and having had a very large experience of the beneficial results arising from temperance, he would say a few homely words to them upon the subject. He would view it in a moral social and political point of view. In the year 1S3S he was placed by his ecclesiastical superiors in charge of the Maitland district, a place where in \- those days no one much cared about taking up his residence. It was then steeped in habits of intemperance for the people of Maitland were great drunkards. For three years with the ardor of a young priest he labored with his con frere, now no more, and at length in a happy hour he determined to establish a total abstin ence society. On the 15th August, 1851 the movement was inaugurated, and as he found that example was a most cogent preacher he com menced by being the first to take the pledge. An intimate friend of his who had tried very hard to dissuade him from taking this extreme course, was himself at last converted, and he also, with 50 others, became total abstainers. For twenty years he had continued to advocate the system, and he found the habits of his people completely altered. Their society embraced persons of all religions — it made no distinction in this respect, and hundreds owed their health and prosperity to having become members of the Total Absti nence Society. The benefits arising were felt i in a moral, social, and political point of view. Politics, when tending to ameliorate the condi tion of the people, deserve every support. We are told that a slave should not be entrusted with the franchise, because he had no mind of his own, being obliged to do the bidding of bis master ; so the drunkard was the slave of intem perance, and we know too well that the unfortu nate wretch who was addicted to this vice would not hesitate to sell his vote for drink. Such .men should not have the privilege of the fran chise. On the eontraiy, habits of sobriety en gendered habits of thought, and the thinking man 'would weigh well before recording his vote. Mo rality will also follow sobriety and induce re spect for some religiou. The priest studies to make his own people religious, but the Apostle ' of temperance will receive all who come to offer ; -at the shrine of sobriety. Morality will next ! I induce habits of religion, for a drunkard cares ! j for no religion. He might be told that a man i being a total abstainer did not make him neces I sarily moral, but sobriety engenders thinking, ] I and this must lead to good events. After reli- j 8 fiion, temperance is most effectual in making a j I man moral, virtuous, and happy. The reverend j I lecturer acknowledged that it was a difficult, j I task to reclaim the drunkard, but in proof of its j I possibility, he related an anecdote about a man j 1 who used to remain every night in the public- j I house til it waB time close, when he was turned j I out. One night he was allowed to remain, when j I a ghost appeared to him, and stating that he had ?v been dead some time, having killed himself with |: drink, the poor fellow was so frightened that he I reformed. It is unnecessary to state that the I ghost was no other than a friend of his I who had adopted this expedient to cure E him of his drunken habits. In advocat E ing this system they had to deal with |j prejudices and encounter many difficulties, so ? that those who devote themselves to make their ? fellow-men temperate, are deserving the thanks B of the community. When the great apostle of ? temperance Father Mathew was spoken to as to B the difficulties to be encountered, he replied that B he had weighed the matter well, and that, if he R only saved one soul he would be amply repaid. H Their president had completely identified himself, Eg with the cause which, spread religion, and which m took the young by the ha»d, and instilled into' B thsir minds habits of sobriety. Hs hoped Le ? would live to see the fruib of his labours, for ? seed sown upon good soil must bear fruit ; the ? mustard seed. would become the large tree, and' B the district; would : derive -the benefits of the B movement. The object of total abstinence was! B to reclaim the drunkards, but he took a pride B, that in the long list of total abstainers, were m those who had sacrificed their little desires for the public good. The d) nuKant feels a confi dence in seeing around him those who had never fallen.^ Total abstinence when carried out in its integrity lies at the basis of religion and morality, it raises its professors in the social scale. In the district of Maitland there are many children now in affluence, which they owe to their parents hav ing' taken the pledge from him and kept it, while otheis given to habits of intemperance have lost all they possessed, and either died in the poor house or in the streets. The Very Ptev. lecturer concluded his most interesting lecture by en treating his hearers to cling to the principles of total abstinence and never to violate charity. By kind and gentle advice let each be the expo nent of the doctrines which he believes. He had given to Australia his best years, and his best energies, and he believed there was a good future in store for this country, and nothing would bring this about sooner than habits of temperance among the people. On resuming his seat. Dean Lynch was loudly cheered. On' the motion of Father Newman, seconded by Father Garvey, a vote of thanks was accorded to the Very Rev. Lecturer. In returning thanks Dean Lynch alluded to benefit societies which are so useful, and which are sure to succeed when they are connected with the temperance move ment, for sobriety engendered habits of saving. A number of those in the hall next presented themselves, and had the pledge administered to them. . ? . Courageous Rescue. — On last Sunday week, in the forenoon, as the congregation were quitting St. James' Church, after morning ser vice, a cabman driving at a furious rate rounded the corner from College-street, and dashed right into the midst of the people. Of course it was impossible that he could drive through- the throng without injuring somebody, and ac cordingly he had not proceeded very far before his vehicle came right against Mrs. Muller, wife of the eminent physician of that name. ? The lady was flung to the ground with terrific violence, the wheels of the cab were already on her body, and she was threatened with instant death, when Constable John ITeneberry, who. luckily for Mrs. Muller, happened to be in the viciuity, vushed forward. He seized by the spokes the wheel, which pressed on the uufortu nate lady, and by main strength lified it right off her, although there were two gentlemen in the cab as well as the driver outside, and kept it up until Mrs. Muller was recovered from her perilous position. The rapidity with which the thing was done, as well as the muscular power exhibited, called forth loud praises from all who witnessed them. On Monday last, the offending cabman was brought before the court and fined £10, or in default thereof six months' imprison ment, a penalty not at all too severe for his guilty recklessness. The evidence of Mr. Hunt, J. P., went to show that Constable Hene berry undoubtedly saved the lady's life, for had he been a second later, or endowed with less strength, the wheel would have gone over Mrs. Muller's head, and crushed the last spark of life out of her. The Bench were unanimous in their commendations of the policeman's spirited conduct, and they requested Inspector Rsed to convey to Captain M'Lerie their request, that any promotion or reward within his power should be conferred on Constable John Hene-' berry. In this judicious recommendation we feel confident the whole Sydney public will join heartily, and it will afford them great satis faction to learn that a fitting reward has been bestowed on the man who so truly earned it., We hear from time to time great complaints of the laziness and inefficiency of some. of. our police officers, and it is desirable that these faults should be punished when discovered ; but it is far more important that promptitude and; courage, such as Constable Heneberry displayed on last Sunday week, should be recognized and rewarded by the proper authorities. If this be done our guardians of the peace will Bee that distinction and promotion wait upon courage and activity, and their efficiency will be stimu lated in exact proportion to the recompense be stowed on them by the authorities. St. Joseph's Building Society. — We have to remind the members of this society that a sale of the right of advance will take place on | Thursday next, at the society's rooms. '?'?-? , St. 'Vincent's Hospital. — Our readers I will notice from an advertisement in our present | issue, that a tea party and musical soireo will ; take place on Tuesday evening in aid of the [ above institution. From the programme, we I have every reason to suppose that the evening i will be a pleasant one for those who visit the j Masonic Hall. On this occasion Mr. Barry | O'Neill, with the concurrence of Mr. W. Dind, ! will sing some of his best songs, and we are sure ! this readiness to assist the funds of St. Vincent's I Hospital will be appreciated. The Catholic Association; — Tlie meeting of this society was held. on.. Thursday evening, in Sb. Mary's Seminary, the Very Rev. the Vicar- General in the chair. ? The minutes of the previous meeting having been confirmed, the following sums of money were paid in : —From St. Mary's, £21 12s. ;St. Benedict's, £20 ; Sacred Heart, £14 3s. Gd. ? St. Patricks, £7 16s. 5d. ; from Queanbeyan, £5 ; Newtown, £2 103. ; Paddington, £1 lOs. ; Concord; £4 ; Parramatba, £4 0s. 9d. ; Armidale; \ £4; St. John's, Kent- street, £2 17a. 3d..; and from Mr. Shakeshaft, of the Hawkesbury, £2. Several applications for assistance to schools., were placed before the meeting, and when the requirements had been complied with they [were granted, i A. number of abstracts for salaries and other .expenses were ordered to be paid. The meeting then adjourned. ' . ' '';'.'' ? When is a lawyer most like a don ic.ey ? ' When j 'drawing a conveyance. ?. ?'?: -. i ? . ??) ! General Sheridan's commissary, say?. . ?an ! American paper, feeds his Indian^ prisoners .t-u 'roast horse and dog fricasse.' r- ' ? ' 't ?) The ' bee .cholera' is raging -in Clinton' county ?Ohio. One gentleman at New Burliag'ton haB lost ?thirty out of eighty hives. , O!-r ;;iJ, -,x ;I ?? 