m;-''; ;. ;.-r''!];;lTALY.;-] ''-;-^K.;r- ^ 'LETTERS. ,! APOSTOIJiC ?' '(JF^&tm; ^ 1' !JHOLYi FATHER POPEi P-IUS'I3t. TQifinJ,; 'N ' ALL ??? PROTEST AN'T^ A.'ND^OTHER'7 ot b ^.NON-CATHOL^ECS;^ -!'''« i)'-i':-li-/s yl«;rov'.-i-iv; ? ri'v';;,Ylpu all know; ? already that lhayiii&'r Been,? ° ! 'raiiie'd, a,lthpugh'r'unde'serving,!;tb;iliis ?'Chairi'll^f '^ ;^lf|-^eter, and, consequently; t charge^ ? -vvitK ; '/? -; ''; ) j'the supreniei ! goverriment '/of ; the; ? Universal'/ - ! ' M ! ' ?' ',' 'Ghurchj/an'^ -Nvith the trust coriiriiitted-'touS' ?'''!';'?' ] 'by,!.Christ ?bur''LordiHimself, and we'deeijiit ' li'!')!1' ''fit to ball 'around us our 'Veherk1jl'e;'Bretlireaj1' !; v- ' ' ' ' ?' ^he'b'isjipps .of 'the whole; wPrld.;1 aiid-;.tb as-' '('?'? ^ '}'--? 'se'mble them' for the ; GEciimeriibal1 'Cpiincil '' .''/-'i {''? ;)v,hich is to' be celebrated next ye'al1; 'in tif(l$v ? - ? . (u ' '- r 'tliai:,:in concert with our Ve'n ierab'leVBr'6thre'B!,''-'!if!'i ''^ ,wip 'are 'called ;tP'a part ot'onr^s^licitWe'/'1''1 -?'??'?.! are 'opportune '??and- ' necessary,- ;f 'both.'1 - to ^{-- I'f;'y dispel the1' ?darkness/ '?6f:--'-ftnen!'-maiiy;-n-'. ^''; :pestil;entLali^«)0iT- rtrsil'l^MdIf .^:a¥e('! -; dtiily^ '^ 7;loM ? gaining stfengfeli a'tid spr'e admgV.gvfery wh6re;' ^ '?''??'' tb' ' the great --l§d- of ' '.'s'bitlsj^arf a'ls'P # 'f ^ ' ' '? build up' afid'ni^gnify^^mo^g^thte^hifetiM-'f'l '™ uatipns entM^{;gd'-'tb'[oilr -Wat^htaiif^ ri$&S;(M-v;A rreigu of true faith, of justice, and oPmSf&b; ,'('?/: Mate of^Obai'1- ^We frelje faU#^onfitfi%^ffld5gQ ™1r „ ously links our venerable brethren to us and to the Apostolic See, for at ever^ period of our supreme Pontificate they have invariably given the most conspicuous proofs of their fidelity love and reverence towards our selves, and towards the See, and therefore We confidently trust that as in past ages other General Councils have done, so, in the present age, the (Ecumenical Council which We have convened will, by the inspiration of !?%? . Divine grace, produce abundant and joyful . ' result for the greater glory of God and the '-' '?', everlasting salvation of men. Therefore, sustained by this hope, excited and urged on by the charity of Our Lord Jesus Christ, who gave up his life for the salvation of the whole human race, we can not refrain on this occasion of the future Council from addressing our Apostolic and paternal words to all those who, though they recognize the same Jesus Christ as their Re deemer, and boast the name of Christians, Still do not profess the true faith # of Christ, and do not share the communion of the Catholic Church. And this we do in order that with all zeal and affection, we may ad monish, exhort, and entreat them seriously to consider and examine whether they are treading the path traced by Christ our Lord and which leads to eternal salvation. No one can deny or doubt that Jesus Christ himself , in order to apply the fruits ofjiis redemption to all generations of mankind, built on Peter his one only Churck on earth, that is to say, His One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, and gave, it all power necessary in order that the deposit of the Faith should be preserved inviolate and in its integrity, in order that the same Faith, should be taught to all peoples, to all races, and to all nations, in order that all men might become by taptism members of his mystical body, and that the new life of grace, without Ayhich no one cap ever deserve and obtain eternal life, might be preserved and peifected in them ; in or der that the Church, which is His mysti cal body, might in His own nature always remain stable and unmoved until the consummation of the world, and might Supply all his children with all the means of j Salvation. Now, whoever will carefully -. consider and reflect on the condition of the Various and conflicting religious societies separated from the Catholic Church, which, j from our Lord Jesus Christ and His Apostles, j has unremittingly exercised through its j lawful pastors, and still exercises the Divine j power given to it by Our Lord, will be j obliged to admit that none of these societies, j nor all of them together, can of themselves j Constitute and be that one Catholic Church which Christ Our Lord built, founded and Called into being ; nor can ever be called a . member, or a part of that Church, since they are visibly separated from Catholic Unity. For, as these societies want that living autho rity instituted by God, which teaches men, above all, the things of Faith and moral dis cipline, and directs and rules them in all those things which appertain to eternal sal- j Vation, they have continuously changed in j their doctrines, and thus mutability and in stability in these societies know no cessation. Everyone perfectly understands, everyone ? Sees clearly and manifestly that this is [ Utterly opposed to the Church established - by Christ our Lord, in which truth must always continue stable, and subject to no change, as a deposit given to that Church to be preserved in its integrity, and for the Custody of which the presence and help of the Holy Ghost have been promised to the Church in perpetuity, everybody Knows that from these conflicts of doctrines and Opinions social schisms arise from which in . numerable communions and sects take their . birth, and spread more widely, clay by day, to the great injury both of the Church and State. m _ i In truth, whoever recognises religion as the foundation of human society, must per- j ceive, and confess with what force this divi- ' sionand discrepancy of conflicting principles ; and religious societies acts upon civil so- 1 ciety, and with whafc violence this negation i of the authority established by God to go- ' Vern the opinions of the human mind, and , to direct the actions of men, both in private and in social life, has excited, promoted, and ; maintained those ^deplorable commotions \ and revolutions by which almost all nations are grievously agitated and afflicted. Therefore, let all those who do not possess the unity and truth of the Catholic Church (St. August, ep. lxi. al. ccxxiii.) embrace the Opportunity of this Council, in which the ! Catholic Church, to which their forefathers belonged, gives a new proof of its radical Unity and its invicible vitality. Let them satisfy tie wants of their own hearts, and( Strive to extricate themselves from a condi-' tion in which they cannot be secure con cerning their own salvation. And let them not cease to offer fervent prayers to the Lord of mercy, that he may throw down the Wall of separation, dispel the mists of error and guide them back to the bosom of the Holy Mother Church, in which their fathers found the salutary pastures of life, and in which alone the teachings of Jesus Christ M6 preserved and handed down in their in tegrity, and the mysteries of heavenly grace are dispensed. For ourselves, as Christ our Lord ha3 con fidod to W th« charge of His supreme Apos tolic Ministry, and as we are therefore bound to fulfill most zealously all the duties of a good Shepherd, and to include all mankind in our fatherly affection, we address these letters to all Christians separated from us, entreating and exhorting them again and again to hasten their return to the fold of Christ. For we desire from our soul their salvation in Jesus Christ, and we dread hav ing one day to render an account to Him, our Judge, if, as much as in us lies, we do not show forth and afford to them the way to obtain eternal salvation. In all our prayers, supplicating and giving thanks, we cease not, day or night, humbly and strenu ously to implore the eternal Shepherd of souls to give them abundance of heavenly lights and graces. And since, artnongn unworthy, we are ±iis Vicar upon earth, we long most ardently with outstretched arms for the return to the Catholic Church of our erring children that we may lovingly welcome them to the home of their Heavenly Father, and enrich them with his inexhaustible treasures. For, on their desire to return to truth, and com munion with the Catholic Church, mainly depends not only the salvation of the indi viduals, but of a Christian society, and the whole world will not enjoy true peace until there be one fold, and one shepherd. Given at Home, at St. Peter's, on the 13th day of September, 1868. In the twenty third year of our Pontificate. 