LEGAL INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT. Old Court. — Nisi Pnics Sittings. — Satur- day, Gth March. (Before the Chief Justice and a Special Jury ef Twelve.) ALEXANDER V. JONES. Third Day. This case was resumed from the previous day, Mr Fellows, Mr C. A. Smyth, and Mr Kerferd, appearing for plaintiff; Mr Michie, Q.C., Mr Higinbotham, Mr J. Dunne, and Mr H. Williams for defendant. Charles Edwin Jones, the defendant, being called, stated that he saw tho plaintiff on tno iztu jeoDruary, iouf, oui on uau uu conversation with him on that day or previously. Ho was pointed out on that day to witness in Collins-street. Witness said he did not want to see Alexander, and if he wanted witness he must come to him. Alex ander afterwards went over to the Parlia ment House, and they went into a room. Ho said he was afraid witness would not gat a hearing at the meeting, aud he wished to help him ; that Mr Murray Smith would be on the platform with him. Witness said ho talked like a ioc). uouniioo U Jj? could not ';♦ a hear ing, Mr Murray Smith could not help Kim. It was not true as Alexander had said that he wished to get up opposition meet ings. The statement that he (witness) said he had so much inflaence with the working daises that ho could raise the meeting! (vna false. Mr Alexander's statements about money, or about all other matters, where they differed from his (witness's), were false. Mr Alexander once called at his (witness's) house, in Young-street. He left Gore-street in Jtuio, 1867. Mr Alexander certainly nover, to his personal knowledge, entered his house in Gore-street. Mr Alexander had often sent in bis card ia the House to him, but us ho found that Alexander merely wished to proffer him ad vice as to the lino of conduct he should adopt in the House, ho declined at last to go out in reply to his notes. When Alexander called he asked witness to give some information or evidence respecting the Police Court proceed ings againBt Mr Wheeler, then momber for Creswick. On 7tU February, 1868, he wont again to witness's houso and said he had beon re quested by his party to call and see if he would take charge of the general election, and if he would, money would be no object. Witness told him that the views of his party and himself were altogether dissi milar, and they could not work together. Spoke to Mr Randell on the evening of tho day after tho budget speech had been delivered — the 5th February. They walked home together from tho House, or rather ho walked home with witness. He agreed with witness in denouncing the tariff, and mentioned several instances in which the tariff would operate injuriously on some local industries. He particularised the duty on piece goods. Witness said he meant to oppose the tariff. Novor re membered walking with Raudoll in Bourko street to Elizabeth- street, as be had said, or ever having such conversation as he said had taken place. He had not at any time asked Mr Randoll if tho Free Trade party had any money. Might have said that Mr Lang ton was not the man for tho business of elec tioneering. On tho 5th February Mr Randoll offered to Bubsoribe £5 for an agitation for political purposes. Had not at any time made the remarks which Mr Rindell said ho had about Mr M'Cnlloch being unprincipled, or about Brodie either. Randell never said wit ness could rely on having £100 and that he only interested himself as a man of business in Collingvrood. Rindell did not call ot hia houso on the 1st February. Witness might some time have spoken angrily of Mr Francis, but he did not do so on tho 1st Feb ruary. It was absolutely uutrue that he had any such book as Rmdell had said, containing debtor and creditor account of members of Parliament. The witness, on tho 13th Feb ruary, the day before the meeting, wrote to Mr Randell a letter. That was tho one which had been reforred to about the Pascal lamb. It was on the 5th that Raadell had promised him £5. Mr Jenner was askod to preside at tho meeting in St. George's Hall, but he would not. Somewhere about that time he wrote a second letter to Mr Randell which was about some samples which Mr Rondell had offured to get for him for his speech on the tariff question. Randell never called on him in consequence of the second letter. The samples were furnished, but not in time for the speech, and witness afterwards used them in committee. Did once rida in a cab in Colling woad with Mr Randoll. He then referred apo logetically to the £5, to which witness replied ' all right ; all right.' Believed he (witness) also spoke somewhat angrily against Mr Jenner for hot taking the chair at the St George's Hall meeting. Never heard the expression about tho bristling Sootoh hillock, or anything like it, until Randell made it before the Parliamentary Committee. (A great number of the remarks made in evidence by Mr Randoll wore read to witness by Mr Higinbotham, who asked if they were true, and ho denied them in every material point. Besides the lettors published there was an understanding that Randell's costa were to bo paid, but the record was to be with drawn, and tho plea of justification was to remain. The statement that he received mo ney from Alexander was false. He never re ceived money from him on any acoount what ever. Was willing to obtain his bank pass book for the jury, or a copy of it, or any information about his account from the 9th February to the 20th. He had asked for the pass book, but could not get it at the hank. Mr Alexander was never at any houso of his when Mr Long more was there. Cross-examined by Mr Fellows : Recollected being prosecuted for perjury at the police ^ourt in 1861 or in 1862. The defence waa firs;, that be neper made any such defence on oath, and next on any oocaaion. The charge was dismissed. Roes obtained a verdict againt witness for a libel in The Age. Ho would not have had a verdict against him if he had remembered that it was his leaving the Railway department, and not the town-clerkship, that was so discreditable to him. Knew a person named Nash. Did not owo him any money. Nash was in his employ, and he never owed him any money he had not paid. Might have made tho mistake of pntting the name of Nash instead of ' self' to a cheque. If Nash had such n cheque, he could not account for it without something to refresh his memory. Supposingbo had such n oheque, witness would pay it. (A letter of Mr Robort Bennett, formerly Mayor of Melbourne, pub lished in a Melbourne paper of the 13th November, 1861, was here read). Did not prosocute Mr Bennett for the libel because he hoard that he was not worth powder and shot. He, however, challenged Ben nett to an inquiry, which went on not withstanding Bennett shirked it, and it re sulted unanimously in his favor. Was not then more in want of monoy than tailors usu ally are. Borrowed two eums of £100 each about that time at 2C per cent. Had borrowed money as higji as 40 per ceut. Gave security for the Ionn3 ho had mentioned. Paid £80 of the money borrowed and forfeited the se curity. He assumed it was all paid off, because the persons who sued him for what they called the balance, withdrew the record. Mr Fellows was then witness's couniel. (Laughter.) His defence was that they kept tho cloth which was tho seenrity bo long as to render it valueless through being moth-eaten, &a; . , and also that tho pawnbroker's license w»s ante dated. Did not at the time know that Fischell, who managed the pawnbroking business, was cheat ing the directors of tho company. Was not aware that the directors did not know of his having borrowed tho money. Hi) carried on bnBiness until May, 1861. Some of the creditors were not paid in full. One of his creditors bought the others out, and ho paid him ia full, and 10 per cent., together with the amount he paid to ethers, and 10 per cent, on that. Paid that creditor in the latter end of 1804. The creditor bought the estate be fore May, 186-i. At the end of 1804 he offered himself as n candidate for Ballarat Eist. His constituents paid hU expenses. Did not, to the beat of his belief, then receive £40 for election expenses from fcn Orange Ssciety. Had received money f--,r political purposes — £400 a year at one time. He had also re ceived £50 once Jvom his constituents. Did not remombar receiving any money on behalf of any other candidate at an election. Remembered the election at Muldon. Then got £50 to pay Lieut. AmsincVs deposit at the Maldon elec tion. Did not receive £20 from Mr Amsinck. Tho action Randell v. Jones was settled for f250. It wns to bave been settled for £150, but when Mr Kyte died advantage was taken of it, and the price was made £250. Did sot get £200 from Mr Butters to vote on the bill to quiet titles. Knew it hud been whispered that he had received the money, but it waa altogether false. He voted for the second reading of the bill, and moved an amendment on it, in committee, where it died. Nover wrote o letter in which he asked for money from soft goods honses. Would again swear he never had such a book as had been mentioned about mem bers of Parliament. Had a scrap book in which ho pasted remarkable speeches. Tho speeches were mostly hia own. (Great laughter.) It could easily be produced, if it was wanted. The sacrifice the Pascal larrib wa» ready for was to be howled down at the meeting at St. George's Hall, and the money mentioned in tho letter was tho £5 Randell had promised and which he wished to obtain to prevent his having to pay all the expenses. He promised the £5 towards holding tho meeting in St. George's Hall. RvudeH was interested along with him, because he said he would rather have a thorough protectionist tariff than the one propounded. Ho would use Mr Ruidellas far as he wonld go his way. He did not then want such a ' dose'' of protection aa Rindell said in a letter that he wanted. Nover made ._? gtntctnent to Randell about the Jew being kM Was reaSy to joiu Bi* ** freetraders if they were in earnest about their prdiuooiOna respecting what they would be willing to give as prolection. He believed tho letters to Rin dell had not been destroyed, and did not believe now that they had. Was quite con vinced that they were still in existence. Could not asoribe any reason why all the witnesses had conepired against him. Tne surveyors who made the measurement of the height of his window were incorrect; it was aix feet from the glass to tho footpath. He never stated that a person looking out of the window conld not bo seen by perBonB in the street. He might, perhaps, sometimes, have opened a door if the servant had not done so. The servant mado a wrong statement when she said ho often did so himself. Peterson was wrong in his dates, aud wherever his state ments differed from witness's it was wrong. To Mr Higinbotham : Mr Randell oftan took part in penny readings, and wit ness thought ho had given recitations from ' The Merobant of Venice.' Had heard that Raudell had played the ghost in 'Hamlet.' (Laaghter.) To Mr Fellowa : Never heard of the charge about the £G0 before the meeting on Soldier's-hill. Could not remember whether he heard of it at a committee meeting previous to tho Soldiers'-hill meeting, but he thought ho had not. To Mr Higinbothatn ; First hoard of the ramor about his receiving £200 to vot6 for tho Quieting of Titles Bill from Mr Casey, whe said ho had heard of it from Mr Francis. Mr Francis cd\ not wish to be dragged into the matter, and would not be dragged into it, so witness said to Mr Casey, ' See Butters, and ask him yourself abont it.' Casey said afterwards that he had seen Batters, who said it was a (adjective) lie ; that ho never said anything ot the kind, and Williams had made the statement against him because he (Williams) was not elected mayor jast before the Princo cama. He (witness) would swear he never received a shilling from any person in respect of the Quieting of Titles Bill. Mr Kyte died on the morning of the day before the trial of Randell and JoneB was to hava come off. Did not at the Mal don election reoeive £50 on his own account respecting the election. In regard to pledging the goods to the Mont de Piete, ef which Fischel wag the manager, he stated that it was Fischel who used a wrong name instead of witness. It was at his wish the Parliamentary committee was appointed, but he did not move for it, because in that case he -pould have been the chairman of it. Ho gave more than a cor responding quantity of goods to the Mont de Pieto for the money they advanced, and he pleaded that to the action. He got a verdict on the political question of the Rees v. Jones trial. John Sutton, clerk in the Bank of Austra lasia, produced an extract of C.E.Jones and Oo.'s account, showing a credit balance on 31st January, 1867, ol £8 19s 2d. There was on February 13, oash paid iu, £45 8j lOd ; total, £51 8«. A pay slip was dated 13th February, and set forth that £35 was paid in on that day in notes, as well as a chequo for £10 8i 10J. Mr Jones, in answer to Mr Higinbotham, said that the £10 8 j 101 mentioned on the pay slip was got from the Ballarat Post. Did not know how ho got the £35 in notes, but thought he must have got it from persons in Ballarat, as ne knew he was up there about that time to get some money. There was a ohequo for £25 mentioned in the acoount as drawn on the 14th February, but if the cheque could be produced, it would be ahown that it was given on tho previous week. A Juror : Before the case proceeds further, may I ask Mr Randell a question ? The Chief Justice : Certainly. Mr J. W. Randell then went into tho wit ness box. Juror ; Did you understand from Mr Jones, in plain understandable English, that he received this £60 from |Mr Alexander? Mr Randoll : My sale object in stopping the car was to ask him. Mr Jones replied that he had received the £60, but more was required. He said, the Jow waa kind, and should borrow more from somo wealthy Tubal of his tribe. (The witnosa continued excitedly) : I never promised him £5 ; and never promised him, I solemnly swear, any money whatever of my own. Solomon Mirls was tMen called, and stated tbat he had known Alexander since December, 1861, and from what he knew of him, would not believe him on his oath. To Mr Fellows : I am in tho locomotive department ot thoViatorian Railways, and have boon there aince I oame to the colony. The Commissioner does not interfere in any way with my department. Richard Jones, a sarveyor, was then ex amined, and stated tbat ho had measured the height of the front window in the houso at Gore-street, and found it aix feet high from the footpath. Witness had not been promised an appointment in the Government service. He was formerly in the Roads and Bridges Office, but had to leave with twenty-two or twenty three others at the time of the reductions. ThiB concluded the evidence on defendant's behalf. Mr MicUie applied that the speechea and charge might be taken on Monday, but his Honor thought it bettor to finish the case this sittiDg. Mr Fellows submitted that ho was entitled to demand the defendant's bank ledger, with the accounts for February, 1867. He be lieved it was in court. Mr Michie Baid he had concluded hia case, and he thought it moat irregular for Mr Follows to make such an ap plication. Mr Fellows parsisted in doing so, but was overruled by hia Honor. Messrs Michie and Fallows then addressed the jury, after which, The Chief Justice, in summing up, remarked that tho action originally contained several counts, but before tho trial they had been nar rowod down, so that one iasae alone remained to bo de.terminad — Did Mr Jones receive £60 at hia iiouse in Gore- street from Me Alexander on the 9th February, 1867 ? The jury were constrained to notice political questions at the outset, but afterwards they should dismiss them altogether from their minda. The casa was one in which there occurred an unusual conflict of testimony, for not only was there a contradiction bfatween Mr Jones and Mr Alexander, but each of them supported his evidenco by the testimony of othor parties. In the first place the jury would, he thought, be satisfied that a sum of monev had been collected in cheques to be handed to Mr Alexander for political purposes just before the time of the alleged payment to Mr Jones. It was also probable that the jury wonld concur in believing that those cheques were cashed by Roaen thal, who delivered the monny to Aloxander. Now, to examine for a moment how the cheques came iuto existence, since this question would involve the credibility of Mr J. W. Bmdell, one of the plaintiff's most important witnesses. Mr Rtndoll Btated that he had met Mr Jones, who, being then in opposition to the Government, expressed his conviction tbat It ho bnd money he could ocst them. Mr Jones admitted that he had applied to Mr Randell personally for £a towards tht expenses of a meeting at St. George's Hill, bnt denied having asked for a sum to be supplied by the Free Trade League. Boforo examining tho conflicting evidence on the point, ho might make a few observations upon the nature of tho contract between Messrs Rmddl and Jones for pecuniary assistance to be given to the latter by the former, a political opponent. Both parties agreed that there had been such a contract, though the particular instince brought forward by each was denied by tbo other. He must confess that sach compact? did not present themselves in so serious a light to his mind as they did to the mind of many persons. In the case now under notice the proposal of a certain tariff Had been tbo cause of bringing two parties diametrically opposed to act in concert. The free-traders and the ultra-protectionists were both oppssed to tho tariff. Oae side considered any tariff, however light, to be necessarily an evil ; the other, that a tariff, to bo of utility, must bo thoroughly protectionist. The free-traders be lieved that Buoh an extreme measure would dis gnat the country, and therefore they coalesced with its partisans to carry it out. All might be fair and aboveboard between them. Each party knew tho other's object, and eachknew that tho other was trying to ontwit it. They worked to the same end, but anticipated very different results from its attainment. He would not be inclined to hold either party to blame for tho com bination. But now to examine the oiroum stancea of tho particular combinatian which had to be considered arasng the events which led up to the present action. Mr Randell spoke of a sum of £100 or so, as having beou promised by himsolf to Jones, if ho could obtain it from hia free-trade friends. Ho said that after his promise he was in3ii«^'n'al in obtaining proffers of support to the extent of iflO, which STiulS X?ST6 to be collected by an agent of the Free Trade League. Mr Randall farther stated that sub sequently, having ascertained the money had beon collected and paid to Mr Mobbb Alexander Alexander for transference {o Mr Jones, he met that gentleman on the road to Colling wood, asked if ho had tbo monoy, and re ceived a reply in the affirmative, Mr Jonea adding that ' the Jew was kind, but must borrow more money from some wealthy Tnbal of his tribe,' as the earn he had in hnud was insufficient. Mr Randell had also informed the jury that ho received two letters from Mr Jones, asking for the money afterwards obtained, ono of the letters containing the expression 'tho Pascal lamb is ready for sacrifice, but in these degenerate days tho mint sauce iB wanted.' JameB Randell, a brother of the witness jast alluded to, stated that be burned these letters along with others belonging to his brother, as worth less ; and Mrs Raudell, wife of J. W. Randell, declared that she had read the letters just after her husband received them. Mr Jones alleged that he had only been promised £5 by Randell from his private purse, but never re oeivod it. Tho expression of tho Pasoal lamb, ho stated, referred to himsalf as likely to be ' howled down' at the St. George's Hall mooting, and the allusion to the money being required had reference to tho ?urn of £5, which Randell had promised to furnish him with. These cross statements must be left for the jury to daoide upon. But whother they credited Randell'a account as to tho reason for obtaining the cheques or not, there remained the fact that Alexander re ceived them, and this brought them at oncoto the great question, did he pay tho money to Mr JoneB ? The question was altogether one of credibility, and consequently every un favorable antecedent against tho parties and their witnesses had beon freely rakod up. He must Bay that neither side had been behind hand in this particular. Aud very propor it was that when a body of men 'were callod upon to give a fiaal adjudication of so momontouB a character, thoy should have every fact before them, not only those bearing directly upon the case, but also those which would tend, if proved, to impair the value of evidenoe. Many charges and countor-chargea referring to the past had been made. It was not for him ta remark as to whether they had been proved. With respect to Mr Alexander's conduct in this case, ho had to remark that it was oharaoteriaed by a caution hardly indicative of a thoroughly ingenaous mind. Mr Alexander appeared to have beon anxious that there should be a witness at each stage of the transaction. It was not likely that he had met Aaronson altogether accidentally on his way to Mr Jones's heuse. The most probable conclusion seemed to be that Aaronson had been selootod as a witness on the occasion, and it must be said that such a manufacturing of evidence was not calculated to benefit tho plaintiff's caao. But, after all, of whit use waa Aaronson ? He failed to corroborate Alexander's evidence in the essential point, the delivery of tho money, and indeed it was difficult to perceive what advantage the plaintiff gained by calling him, for there was a serious discrepancy between their evidence as lo what actually took place within Aaronson'a view. Alexander said that Mr Jones oame out of the door, followed by Mr Longmore, and that Mr Longmoro shook hands with him and left, and afterwards he accompanied Mr Jones inside. All [this wai detailed in so circumstantial a style by Alexander as to make it surprising that Aaronson could remember nothing about it. He was, in fact, positive that Mr Longmore did not oome out and ahako hands with Mr Alexander, and that Mr Longmore did not leave the house after M* Alexander en tered. Counsel for tho plaintiff had mentionod this discrepancy, as showing that Alexander and Aaronson did not act in concert, for had they done so would they not havo agreed upon a consistent atory ? It was frequently urged with justice in a court of law that minor dis crepancies went to confirm an opinion that wit nesses wore not acting in concert. Still it would not do to apply this principle in every case of a discrepancy. Ono of the chief ends of cross-examination was to betray witnesses into contradictions which might destroy or damage tho noatly con atruoted fabric of a ' case.' Something waa almost sure to be overlooked in a concocted story, and very frequently it was found that the fabricators had failed to consider what would ordinarily present itself aa one of the very first things to bo agreed upon. Such caBes resembled the common oiroumstanco in our criminal courts of a prisoner asking, when oalled upoa to plead, whether it was likely that he could have oom mitted tho crime in the manner oharged againBt him. How often did they hear prisoners in the dock, when called upon to say why the awful sontenoe of death should not be paseed upon them, endeavor to impreasnpon the oonrt that they could not have committed the crime upon which they stood convicted, because they had such opportunities of doing it more secrotly or csncBalingits consequences more effectually ? Bat tho question was, not how they might have done it, but how they did it ; fop criminals, like othor men, often acted foolishly and in explicably. Therefore, the most palpable evi dence tbat men might bave acted in a different manner with more advantage to themselvig did not prove that they must iu evitably have aated in that manner. Of couroe, the firat suggestion tbat wonld pre sent itself in this cage waa to inquiro what Mr Longmore said on the point. Did ho remember seeing Mr Alexander at Mr Jones's house on that day, and shaking bands with him ? Mr Longmore said he did not recollect it. Now there waa a wide distinction between a man saying positively that such and such an occur rence did not take place in his presence, and saying that he did not recollect it. Unfortunately, Mr Longmore could not speak positively, but still he stated that hn did not believe he met Mr Alexander, and added that he thought he muBt have recollected it had he seen him, as he would havo been surprised. Tho jury must take into consideration all the probabilities on this most important part of the caae. Then there was the evidence of Edwin Wilson, who stated that he had seen on the 9th February two men re sembling 'Alexander and Aaronson apparently seeking some place in the neighborhood of Mr Jones's house. He had just come from thence himself, and went towards them in order to give them any information they might require. In answer to their inquiry he directed them to the house, and looked to see whether they went in, aa he had been told himself that Mr Jones was sot at home. Tho mau who would answer Aoronson's descrip tion did not go to the house, but turned away in the opposite direction, while the other, assumed to be Alexander, went to the home, and after making an inquiry at the door, left directly, having seemingly received the same answer as the witness, that Mr JoneB was not at home. Both Alexander and Aaronsen denied that they had ever met Wilson. He (the Chief Jufelisc) thought that he had now reviewed the varionB points at issue, and he left the case wilh tho jnry as one of the gravest importance, involving the clmractcrs of tho parties concerned. The jury retired at ten minutes to six o'clock, and after some deliberation requested to know whether a qualified verdict could bo taken. Hi8 Honor replied that it would not, and thoy tberenpon resumed their consulta tion. In reply to a message sent at ten o'clock they declared that they could not agree, but they were detained for nearly two hours raoro, in accordance with the uaual practice by which a jury ia compelled to consult for aix hours at least after their retirement. At ten minntes to twelve the judge's associate at tended in court to tako their verdict, bnt tho foreman expressed his assurance that there waa not the ' remotest poaaibilily of an agree ment.' In compliance with his Honor's in structions in such a case, they were then dis charged, and the court adjourned until Mon day. 