OLLA PODRIDA. J OAHDIDATORIAI FUNNIMBHTS.-So far aa they hsn gonn the election! havo been quiot onough ; but then, .has been a good deal of fun, se could hardly help berni the oaee when candidates and their frionde hare don! isuch a terrible quantity of talking. Tho speeches harsj been long-most of them much too long for all that's Í them ; for the aspirants for legislativo honors havo bee demonstrating to a marvel how little necessity they hara for taking a Military Band with thom in their travel«! They aro about as good at blowing thoir own trumpet! Ss2 ever could havo beon expected, eron in this rather w'^jS| country. I think we've got through the wont of it byjr this time j all tho principal trim pe tors having eibausteaa their little subject; and the gentlemen who are still ba.fl fore tho country are only second-raters in tho spoeob|j making line ; with one or two exceptions. This is rathe!* a good thing in its way ; for I really don't know whsli would becomo of us if they were all " Davide"« or "Parkeaes." East Sydney Election would reaalt| differently, if it had to bo done or er agata; to-morrow. This is my opinion; but whether or no, botb| divisions of Sydney wera lost to the Ministerial aide, brr reason of the better working of the Opposition Com<| mittees. There's no doubt at all about tins. I isw it¿ everywhere; and nothing but the wonderful and wslB rcgulatod activity of tho Opposition Committees got| Speer in ahead of Campbell in West, or caused Bucbania* to be returned in the Êaat. jj The "finefeeling" (oh ! Jehosaphat !) of Parkei lilli been rewarded st Kiama ; and the great Political Charla-« tan of the day has succeeded in having two aeats givenjf him. Ho told the Kiama people it wns of no coniequenosg whether they oleoted him or not ; which wai true eno"gh ¡S and that ho"" had done Ilia duty," which, I think, ¡»"71 problematical. Those infatuated peoplo are the onljS ones after nil, who havo boen carried away by 'hua " Uno feeling " humbug. Whether wo feMf low him on his lecturing tour to England and back igain»§ or from Charles Gavan, Duffy to The Ghost at Kiama,! títere is something at every etep that sends all ides ola " Ano feeling" to tho winds ; and very ready of beliefs must bo the elector who can swallow all the clsp- tripr with which tho celebrated (Indar of maree' noola wilUttuv him, if ho can. What on earth could that eccentrio ex-Minlitew Byrnes, want to talk about his Railway management forra Why bless us and sa»o ua, tho old gentleman must ha'i| taken leavo of his aonsos. I recnlloot suoh a crowd o'fl difTeront things that all told against hie ministration! when ut tho top of tho troo, that I should have expcoledff liim to sing as small as possible on tho subject. Truly u| it said that an old fool is tho worst foot of all ; and sa| jqunl truism is it that wo (»'.e. ox-Ministers) "aro fearfull/l ind wonderfully mado." During all tho electioneering thor« hi» beenyup to oo'i [ haven't board ? ward about th« Llaamied i. unto S0t,l VÍOIHTIIWII m kAihTr«««n««lbutju,1t '»* P'*Mnl ,,îera1,. . r"r? trtunity for Hie irado lo Imvo a fling at tho hoad and SO all their evils. Dr Wilaon has gone to. hil OOH I ?,.nti at Singleton ; and ns oven in that small town f «ara moro than a dozoti Publicans, paying nbnut s vear for license foes, not to speak ot tho Oua I , duli", I think that Putiick'a Plains may, with tfairness, make their lulu member try Iiis cold water f* ,nd his amended Licensing Aot somowhore olso. S'oirliculsr weakness, "J. B." IIOB never been an taint to tho Commons Houee t and judging from the "".Inion in wliieh he is held by his first constituency, fiould not seem over to havo been wonderfully useful. » B 0f the Gold Fields South think about as much little of the heavy Doctor, as tho Northumbrians do '¡J-Buchanan. Neither oonstituonoy seem very proud Jj ,¡"g first introduced their particular shining light i Pirlismaut. Indeed I don't wonder. And none Jiscindidstca naT0 mUoh said about tho inefficiency jAi ballot, ns carried out among us of Now South Jj I jo wonder at this ( for there is no doubt about í «hole working of this sytem, being as rotten ns a 1, Dead men toll no tales ¡ and it's quite impossible 'rtaballot is carried out, to prevent peoplo hoing por iitid by hundreds, aa indoed theyr aro, on every pos- ais otemion. lîvory one knows it ¡ but no ono Bays Pffwondcrful pen has been at work again ; and j Iibsecro that Mr Greville, in his nomination spoeoh, iineJ for >t groat potenoy in the miners' cause. I jfadtnire consistency ; and ao I give Mr Greville groat lin for bis. ile commenced his onslaught on tho ¡jitituenoy by attaching himself to literati of the time ; Jibe keeps up the conceit nobly, throwing in a careful lira «bout tho powerful " pen" whenever and where ",rthe smslleat chance or opportunity oFers itself, so M it can equoexe tho three magic letters in edgoways hbitrte after all, that Braidwood wouldn't have Mr tonie at tho price j but thoro aro yet Borne places not pttd for which he has time lo bo proposed. HMII'ÓÍ has gone up to Singleton, leaving the Northern jjld .gelds to take caro of themselves; and if ho can't lotJohn Bowie and make him "lave that" I shall iii electioneering powers aro nothing out of the | ¿tnoD, though he had pretty good experience, and witto know how to make the best of a good rod well l ia'1 ¿lid, euoh ss he has aohanoeof of using against the | Jil "i(rcure " Medico." As I did before on ono oooaaion liúlareto remark, tho groat "cabbagor" had some diffl rJljto hawk himselfjinto a situation fire years ago; and jlshid his deserts he'd have to go into privato life, or ntthihonour of a "travelling fellowship" oonferrod ¿rn ran Mm thia timo. Tho good peoplo of P. P. ought to )3 es» their appreciation of tho renowned Lands Apostle it*| bike «ame way that Wost Sydnoy recompensed the lancing ability'of the colonial Gladstone Thoro nover ni s more convincing verdict than poor old " Jeff" wu» ¿.íubjectoflast weak. Plenty of law ! Plenty of law! ¿'alliegreat commodity offering at t he proaent elec- ts; and the Western Gold-fields aro blessed ¿'iba candidature of Mr Redman. All tho Gold ¡¿ÍI, Weit as well as South, are well acquainted with ^pleader in polioo courts j and, from the earliest days Jiijiidra and Razorbook to the present time, ho has ¡¿i himself out to learn perfectly all tho ins and outa of ¿elegislation witn which the diggora have been troatod. ¡il land evatem, specially the aoquiremont of auriferous fcii it a cheap rate, Mr Rodman hus made his particu fcitudy ¡ and Ivis great succoss in taking advantage of a flouring quirka and quibbles in that somowhat oqaslly acting measure is guarantee sufficient of his iHtvto administer tho Gold-fields laws, and cure mis rjiagtment. Rere Mr Redman might ehino, for lie « talk "long and loud " upon this os well at a variety Mer topics ; and while he takes tho viva voce part of ii entertainment in the oounoils of Lord Bolmoro, the ?an" of tho Greville will miud the heavy business, ci ita owner do himBelf the pleasure "of calling or bH ttöxg" I'"> T0I7 6,ad t0 6eB t,lnt ^r Cowper ia sure it teat, and that my friend David will have to sit fa three years at any roto vii-a-vis with ¿1 disagreeable defunct corpus he wont out g| bia way to V talk funny " about at til Kilt Sydney declaration. If Honorable Charles fan't make it hot . for- the young barrister, Mire he's done with him, say I know nothing about lib things. And so, while Liverpool Plains sends Mr ßiper into the House, Hartley, will wipe out the other * tho East Sydney ?? stain by electing Mr t election times people aro very apt (and offàally candidates) to say things they didn't ought to, ud to do things ditto ; and the present eleotions have fcmiihed no exception to - the general rule. Doctor ling the venerable didn't sueceed gigantically in his Eg st tbs reporters touching his "intelligent countrymen ¡rn Scotland and the North of Ireland ;" and "David" cut bare been glad when he found himself in a position toiSin" up W. B. D. by lettng that too clover and well puted up opponent havo tho last word. Both David and ¿¡Doctor were dragged into making those faux pas by Btir overweening self- esteem and excessive penchant for nilin» speeches. Tho week has beon disastrous to both pdil ; but " tho Confederates" have, had tho worst of the ruUtj aa I learn by tho defeat of Mr Burns at The Euler, and Mr Greville at Braidwood; the former tog an absoluto gain. How on earth West Macquarie aie to return Wobb, in the place of Driror, puzzles rae Hidyi but I must confess I was prepared for the defeat of tba Postmaster, at Edon. Tho West Macquarie aon bit WM very exoiting; and so has been that tor Tho Iwkeibury, which will ouhninato to-day, in (I think) Mr Minion being treated to the turnips. A drop of now M there will do nobody any harm.' It's Neale for Hutley, if tho people hare any taste; and the wotoh «fd at Lirerpool Plains should bo Cowper J Tho Gold Field» have had one " Rodd," and if they want to take s his placo a " rod" they can choose Baker, who was di great gun of Mr Dalgleish at the last general election, ita years ago. Qr. M. Stephen is quite the best of tho »ir who have been nominated for the far off golden land. Hiring (hus gone through all the news that have readied se up to the timo of writing (L'hursday night), you must liaatiißed with no more at present from yours truly rr/ZD0g. Or/a SxEEsr.-With the harbor full of gold hoe, who auld bestow s thought on anything beyond tho Flyi 'g ijuidroa. It was a grand sight, their entry between (he Inda on Sunday, under any quantity of canvas ; but ulurtunately tho unfavorable wind prevented tho p'an bid down for Monday being carriod out, and tho ships lid to come up the harbor under steam, and this detrao lid comiderably from tho tout ensemble of their entree. However, tho waters of all our bays wore covered with I tain and sailing boats, among which latter werooon WHOM, the yachts of our two Sydnoy squadrons ; and tbcrowda of people who turned out to witness tho sight a the naval procession, wore something enormous. Sidney was allin the Domain and in the harbor, on that Hsodsyafternoon ; and tho country had sent down a wi fair addition to oor strongtb, by train, from the «stiern and western alationa within reach for a day's Wura I and ao, wo'vo sinoo then had meetings j and the um co-operates with the peoplo, ond thc people with lu Mayor j and aomo peoplo go in for feeding tho officers Bijandaome the men; tho lattor I think ought to bo «».j for, after all tho hero-worship and oook-od hat taine» wo've had hero in tho last two years, thero Boeras tai dinger of our forgetting toe are all common people »I. I like "Old Wardle's" idea well, ao far as a good wnitaai feed goos, which could be givon well to tho Mori ol the oquadron, without impoverishing very fiitoilly either tho Colonial Treasury or that of tho r^J Municipality ; but although, I don't go in for Sf Wilson's othioB, I should reoommend that tho Roo dealt out in moderation. Aftor all, though, good VH wouldn't have the same unpleasant efibot upon «tk, as what ho is treated to in many houses he petita; »nd so tho quolity might allow of a little Quantity being sorved out. I think tho " Ohriatmos «ra bunncss might bo satisfactorily carried out. Unco-sore wo have a chanooof a colonial Whittington. »'Kenny having boon a second timo elected Mayor of T great city. Bo only had about half of tho last eivio jarin tho chair, and so it is well to give him another wmofoEcoj partioularlv as he eeems to like it, and wraeeinot his brother aldermen.- Wo must have some Moment to commemorate his second year in the chair, ?,f''°wp do llis fll'8t. rm ßlud 11,0 pun'iomoot igliiifforeliip «onvonod, wouldn't have tho "Ball." «pienuiseverso muoh better; and the ball idea only erk! d i pooplo feel in sticking to gold lace ond f ii ' Pe°pl" can enjoy tho picnic, for every .' prion who goes in purgatory to the ball, just for the ?»ot (honing off an expensive dress j and my own ?'«J u that although it gonerally falls to tho rioh men «minage ,uoh thing,, thoy "j^,,. Bomof,mel, lot tho leas iZ .m '!"' wor'd'B goods bo considered. In tho ZT". °" ,hii Bal1 and Piunio quotion, I was glad to b hi? ,'nund8on*° ranged on tho side of a cheap «"lui ni fresco display; rathor than a dearly bought .j ,'?8"i « orowdod and over heated ball room, cal KZ °"r j, '? rob ,ho oll0Dl18 of ^eir ro"" »"d tho Stin, il ,eir Kold' Mr E' S- HiU terned against ntsni ik ? c°mmo>* "'«'»1 but guvo no voryoogont reason hr i» ? J. were t0° ma"V of them. Rathr-r a novel iW. ng. Rnd ^'if'ty 1 oh I If our millionaire TOieei wers here, doubtless they'd be of a difforont Siai.1n mmd 1 ,ad 1 can qui'" underatond that Sir U n rt UorP,rvroutd8ivoa thousand pounda to ontor *? We,»']ori of the Squadron, with os much pleasure ïiT.Ï?j i ,do h?.Dour nnd "»»»'yt0 » Pr'"Be °f blood. P'foWf " ». in all common fiofh flirt." Our great politician* are going abroad and allowing i what Nsw South Walei ia oapable of sending to do her ! honour outside her own limits. Victoria and Queens- land will be full of wit and humour from this out ¡ and wit coupled with law, both of the most extensive stamp. Our Southern sister has just oalled Mr E. M. Ifiecii to lier Bir ? and, " surely to gracious !" Mr Milford is elected to repreaont tho people of Rockhampton in Parliament. I sincerely congratulate the Melbourne people on thoir luck ; for, though they havo had soma experience of a Mioliio's talents mid cloquonoe, though their Bar is graoed by a gentleman who years ago poa aosaed tho woll-oarnod titlo of" THE Wim CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES," I cnn assure thom they havo never füllen aoroaa tho never-ending puns that are discoursed, as a regular matter of course, by the Mnrtin-cum-Parkes Sol. Qen. Oh ! he's wonderfully refreshing. Whon thoy toko a few more lu wy curs into the Queensland Ministry "swely to gracious'." they'll wnnt Mr Milford. I'm quito glad ho's found n hauen at last. Mu ny a limo and off I havo had to give praise to the Firo Brigades of Syduey, for thoir activity, as well as ifs useful diroction ¡ and among tho most courageous and energetic members I have often noticed Mr Carob, tho superintendent of Number 2. Not that I'm making any invidious distinction horein ; for no mun hos done, or still continues to do moro in preventing and putting out Urea for the Sydney citizens than my good old friend Androw Torning, to whom as a stalwart, aotive, and clovor fireman, let mo hero give all honor. When I read of tho fire in King-street last week, I thought of the burn- ing of tho Prince of Wulea Opera House years ago, when puor Clarke was killed. " The Prince" must have had a very narrow escape, this last time ; and we naturally look at the thoughtfulness of Mr Comb, who happened to have a hydrant and hose at hand. But for that, there is no saying what might have been tho consequence, or whore the fire would havo been stopped. One may say, Mr Gamb was lucky to have the lioso and hydrant nt lund ; but 1 say he was thoughtful, and that for bia forethought ho desorves great praise. When we read such paragraphs as tho ono I speak of we are too apt to think lightly of what a calamity has .been averted j and how much those who did avert it aro worthy of reward. " Our Street" didn't como out strong in electioneering ; at any rate the Ministerial side didn't ; and I never .saw two contests moro completely thrown away than were those in the two division ; of the great metropolitan oity., The head men of the committee took anybody that choso to volunteer in as a mate ; without referenee to fitness in any way ; and these volunteors, who on the presont occasion, were «oí individually equal to three pressed mon, seemed to think theirwholeduty was to drive oh" from tho Committee Booms, list in hand, in a chariot j 'ind then driving back again. I didn't think elections were won in that style ; and it turned out they were not. With audi mismanagement, it was more lubk than cun- ning, getting the Premier in. However, I suppose I've no right to talk about such things. . . .. I'm sadly afraid I shall have to make a raid against some ol tho omnibus conductors, before long. I've given them ull sorts of warning; and I shall, waste no more time on them ; but tho next thing they'll find will be a aoraplitint right away ot head-quarters. '. While the elections are occupying BO much or everybody's timo and attention, your readers will hardly expect to hear of many great events non-political happoning in "Our Street." I have little to toll you of; but I dare say you will havo remarked that tho grand outrance pillars in front of thu new Town Hall aro in a etate of considerable forwardness ; and you may liko myself have been struck with tho strange conceit of building a flno entrance, before thero'e any Town Hall to have an entrance ; and when there aresundry misgivings as to whether thero ever will be. Mind you, I think its all right; but I'm not everybody. . Nothing is dono yet with that oxtremely ugly George- - street wall of tho Polico Court ; but that's no nows to you, neither is it that next week we shall have Christ- mas- which I hope to you will bo a merry one. . If, as [ trust, thero be moro plums in your editorial "duff" than you can manage, you oan do what Xenophon says Cyrus used to do when he had an extra good feed-send a slice by ono of tho delivery vans in Our Street to FHONT PB Uotrp. ? 