CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE. THE SECOND PBOVINCIAL COUNCIL OF AUSTRALIA. Ono of the chief ceremonies of the Church, and the most important which can take place without the presence of the reigning Pontiff, was celebrated on Sunday last, when the first session of the second Provincial Council of Australia was opened at St. Patrick's Cathedral. The first Council was npened in Sydney on the 8th September, 1844, when there were only three bishops altogether in the entire of Australasia. Tbese were His. Grace the the Eight Rev. Dr Adelaide, and the Right Bishop of Hobart Town, the three of whom, with a few other dignitaries of the infant Church of Australia, composed that Couucil. There could have been out little pomp of circumstance at its opening ceremonies, and yet what important fruits have resulted from it! Though the first time upon which any united episcopal action was taken, according to the canons of the Church, for the better guidance of its local affairs, in the very successful consequences that have followed we have the most satisfactory aud encouraging evidence of the great advantages to be derived from those deliberations which we ore assured are guided by the Holy Spirit. Even those whose experience of these colonies does not go back to the date of the first Council of the Catholic Church in the Southern Hemisphere, have not failed to observe the rapid -progress it has been making in numbers, in organisation, and in influence; but its most partial friends might reasonably have doubted that it had in less than a quarter of a century attained such an advanced position as was indicated on Sunday last. The splendid cathedral in which the Council was opened, erected as it is on ground which but a few years past was not recovered from the Australian wilds, is itself a grand monument of Catholic faith. In its majestic size, in its grand and beautiful in- ternal proportions, it revives in the memory the faith of bygone ages, when the temples of the living God were raised by the richest offerings of Christendom, and a people universally Catholic Jeid their choicest gifts on the altar. But noble as the Cathedral is, and proud of it as Catholics may justly be, it was after all but an accessory to the momentous purpose for which it was employed. The nonessentials to the ceremony, imposing and grand though they were, could not add to its intrinsic spiritual importance. This consisted of the sanctified means employed for protecting and extending God's Holy Church upon eartli. In the 'exercise of their highest functions by the. pastors of the Church under the commands,. of its Divine Founder, and also under a consciousness that their enlightenment proceeded from the Holy Spirit, consisted. the distinctions between those proceedings and a mere human effort for temporal purposes. But, for several good reasons, there are prescriptive and written forms to be observed in the exercise of all spiritual functions. As most consistent with the unity of faith in the Church there is uniformity in its practices. This, indeed, is, one of the characteristics by which it is distinguished, aud by which it may be known wherever established. And besides this uniformity, there is the laudable desire to conduct all its offices with such care and attention, and even grandeur, as befit services rendered to its Divine Master. The affections of man's heart, his intelligence, his gifts, his wealth, and whatsoever belongs to him, are referred to the Dispenser of all good in the beautiful and captivating theory of Catholic worship. And that theory accords •with the moat elevated and most tender sentiments of the -heart, whilst it bears the strictest test of the most rigid logic. Therefore it is that wo find the chief ceremonies of the Catholic Church conducted with all possible splendour and magnificence. Such asccticisin as it approves of is not in outward form, but in the interior life. Its abnegation is confined to what concerns the individual. It is converted into liberality and joy in the service of God,.which,, being above every other service, should be conducted with surpassing devotion and splendour. This principle was observed on Sunday last, as those who were not present at the ceremonies will gather from our description of them. Since our early announcement of the Council some months past Catholics have been looking forward to it with much interest and eager anticipations. Since a particular Sunday was iixe4 for it, they have been counting the passing days with impatience for that red letter one in the calendar. And.when it came thev were early-astir. Long before the appointed hour there were crowds outside the*portals of the Cathedral, waiting for ad- mission, and shortly after the western or chief entrance Kad been opened the, nave was filled a long way back from the altaiv. The large area of this part of the CJhurch had' been fully furnished with scats, and yet everyone of them was occupied .for some considerable time before the services commenced. Bat notwithstanding the rapidity with > which the Church filled, the utmost decorum was observed by the people hurriedly " securing " seats. Several of the Catholic Young Men's Society, distinguished by their blue scarfs, acted as stewards, .and under the direction of Father Isaac Moore, S.J., succeeded in preserving perfect order as the congregation entered and assumed their seats. Shortly after ten o'clock, when every part of the spacious Cathedral was densely crowded, and there was a vast assemblage of well-dressed people outside, the large entrance in the western elevation was thrown open. The Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops, and the clergymen of various degrees who were to take part in the Council, or only in the ceremonies, having vested in the private chapel of the Bishop of the diocese, moved in solemn procession to the chief entrance of the Church, which they entered in the following order:— The Thurifer with Thurible. Cross-bearer with Acolytes. Sanctuary Attendants. The Clergy of the various Dioceses vested according to their rank. The Suffragan Bishops. The Metropolitan. The Bishops moved in the procession not in the order of seniority, but, according to custom, the juniors leading. The order observed was: Itis Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Bede Folding, Metropolitan of Australia, Archbishop of Sydney, and Assistant at the Pontifical Throne. The Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn. The Right Rev. Dr. Lawrence Shicl, Bishop of Adelaide. The Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland. The Right Rev. Dr. Mathcw Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst. The Right Rev. Dr. James Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane. The Right Rev. Dr. James Alipius, Goold, Bishop of Melbourne. The Right Rev. Dr. Daniel Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Tow. Attending on the Metropolitan were his deacons of the throne—the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, of Sydney, and Dean Moore, of Ballarat; and their private chaplains were in immediate attendance on the Suffragan bishops. Next followed the Very Reverends Dr.- Sheehy, Vicar-general of Sydney; Dr. Fitzpatrick, Vicar-General of Melbourne; Dr. Smyth, Vicar- General of Adelaide; Dr. Dunno, Vicar-General of Hobart Town ; and Dr. M'Alroy, Vicar-General of Goulburn; the Venerable Archdeacon Russell, of Adelaide ; the Venerable Archdeacon Downing, of Geelong; Dean Moore, of Ballarat; Dean Lynch, of Armidale; Dean Fitzgibbon, of Adelaide; and Dean Slattery, of Warrnambool; Dr. J. J. Bleasdale, of Melbourne, Secretary to the Council; Dr. Bersanti, Secretary to the Archbishop; Dr. Backhaus, of Sandhurst; Dr. Forrest, of Sydney ; Dr. Caui, of Brisbane ; Very Rev. J. Dal ton, S.J., Melbourne; Rev. W. Kelly, S.J.; the Rev. Julian Woods, of Adelaide ; the Rev. D. J. D'Arcy, Batliurst; the Rev. P. O'Mcara, and the Rev. T. M'Carthy, Sydney. The Rev. Drs. Backhaus and Bersanti acted as cantors, and the Rev. Fathers V. Collet.ti and J. P. O'Sullivan as masters of the ceremonies. As the procession entered the church, the cantors intoned the litanies of the Blessed Virgin, all responding, and as it slowly moved up the centre of the church the effect was very grand and imposing. Arrived at the Higli Altar the suffragan bishops and clergy made the usual genuflexions and bowed one to another, and the Metropolitan having knelt for a moment at the foot of the altar, he was accompanied by his attendants to the throne, where some necessary changes were made in his vestments as the officiating high priest of the Mass. At the Pontifical High Mass the Rev. G. V. Barry, of St. Francis, acted as deacon; the Rev.' J. Corbett, of St. Mary's, St. .Kilda, as sub-deacon; the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, and the Very Rev. Dean Moore, as deacons of the throne ; end the Very Rev. Dr. Sheehy, as assistant priest; the Rev. V. Colletti (private chaplain to the Metropolitan), and the Rev. J. P. O'Sullivan (chaplain to His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne), as masters of the ceremonies. A choir of nearly one hundred vocal and instrumental performers, 1 including several professionals of very high repute, performed Haydn's Imperial ass with grand effect. The Pontifical High Mass concluded, the Metropolitan, vested in cope, put ipcense into the thurible, and the procession, reiormed in the order iu whieh it had entered, issued from the front entrance of the cathedral, and turning to the right moved round the church, and then re- eiitered by tliesiirae door: During the progress of the procession the hymn Ave Marts StMa, the 80th, 88th, 83rd r , and 132nd psalms were sung. Upon returning to the High Altar the usual genuflexions and salutations were made, and after the Metropolitan had offered his homage there, the deacon turned towards the Fathers of.the Synod and intoned the « Orate." The Metropolitan kneelingtlien intoned the authem Exaudi no* Domme, at the end of which all resumed their seats, while the 07 th Psalm was being sung. The positions occupied at this stage of the other fathers of the Council, and the assistant priests, we shall endeavour to describe. Enthroned on the right of the altar midway in the breadth of the sanctuary was His Grace the Metropolitan, with Archdeacon Rigney and Dean Moore on his right and left, as assistants at the throne. In front of the altar, on the right and left and half turned towards it, were the thrones of the suffragan Bishops, erected on raised ground covered with crimson cloth. On those at the right hand side sat the Bishop of Hobart Town, with the Rev. Joseph Sheehy as his at- tendant ; the Bishop of Brisbane, with the Rev. J. McCarthy in attendance; and the Bishop of Maitland, with Pere Garavel waiting on him. On the thrones to the left were the Bishop of Melbourne, with the Rev. J. P. O'Sullivan as his assistant; the Bishop of Bathurst, with Dr. Forrest attending, the Bishop of Adelaide with the Rev. B. Reynolds attending him, and the Bishop of Goulburn with the Very Rev. M. M'Alroy attending as his assistant. Sitting on the right-hand side of the altar and close up to it was the Rev. G. V. Barry, the deacon at the High Mass, and on the left-hand side in the same position was the Rev. J. Corbett, sub-deacon at the Mass. Outside the deacon sat the V.icar- Generals, Dr. Fitzpatrick of Melbourne,Very Rev. J. Smyth of Adelaide, Dr. Dunne of Hobart Town, and the Very Rev. M. M'Alroy of Goulburn; nad behind these ecclesiastics Archdeacon Downing of Geelong, Archdeacon Russell of Adelaide, and Dean Lynch of Armidale, occupied places. In the corresponding position at the opposite side of the altar, were Dean Slattery* of Warrnambool, Dean Fitzgibbon of Adelaide, the Rev. J. Dalton, S.J., Dr. Bleasdale, Dr. Cani, Dr. Bersanti, Dr. Backhaus, Rev. J. E. T. Woods, Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., and Rev. D. J. D'Arcy. At the end of the 67th Psalm all stood up, the anthem Ex audi nna Doniine was repeated, and the Metropolitan then sang the prayer Adswmim Domine Saucte Spiritus, and also the Omnipotenn as follows :— "Oh! Almighty and Eternal God, who, by Thy mercy, hast, in a special manner, gathered us together under Thy protection in this place, may the Paraclete who proceeds from Thee, illumine, we beseech Thee, our minds, and lead them, as Thy Son has promised, to all truth ; and may He strengthen us all iu Thy faith and charity, so that, being aroused to a deeper sense of duty by the temporal Synod, we may more vigorously advance eternal happiness. Through the same Je6us Christ, 'l'by Son, our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Thee in the Unity of the same Holy Spirit, world without end. R. Amen." At the conclusion of these prayers all knelt down, and the cantors sang the Litany of the Saints to ut omnibus fidelibus, when the Metropolitan rose with his ministers, and having turned towards the Synod, blessed the session, saying ut luinc prcsentem Spwdwm. After this he knelt till the Litany was finished, and then sang—of course in Latin—the following prayer :— "Grant to Thy Church, we beseech Thee, oh, most merciful God, that being gathered together in the Holy Spirit, She may worthily serve Thee with untroubled aud devoted mind. Through the same Jesus Christ, Thy Son, our Loid, who liveth and reigneth with Thee in the unity of the same Holy Spirit, world without end. Ji. Amen, A portion of the „9tk chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke was then sung by the deacons, after which the Archbishop intoned the Veni Creator, all standing after the first verse. The Archbishop then ascended the altar, and there seated addressed the Synod in a Latin discourse. This being done, the suffragan bishops advanced to the foot of the altar, and all who took a canonical part in the Synod, kneeling, recited the profession of Faith of Pius IV., of which the following is English translation:— " T, N.N., with a firm faith believe and profess all and every one of those things which are contained in that Creed which the holy Boman Church maketh use of, viz.: I believe iu one God; the Father Almighty, maker of heaven and earth, of all things visible and invisible. And iu one Lord .Jesus Christ, the only begotten Son of God, and born of the Father before all ages. God of God ; light of light; true God of true God; begotten, not made; consubstantial to the Father, by whom all things were made. Who for us men, and for our salvation, came down from heaven, and was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary, and was made man. He was crucified also for us, under Pontius Pilate, suffered, and wa6 buried; and the third day he rose again according to the Scriptures. Aud He ascended into heaven, sitteth at the light hand of the Father, Arid He is to come again with glory to judge the living- and the dea-i; of whose kingdom there shall be no end. And in the Holy Ghost, the Lord and giver of life, who proceedeth from the Father and the Son; who, together with the Father and the Son, is adored aud glorified; who spake by the prophets. And (I believe in) Ono, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church. 1 confess one baptism for the remission of 'sins :" aud I look for the resurrection of the dead, and the life of the world to come. Am«n. " I most steadfastly admit, and embrace apostolical and ecclesiastical Traditions, and all other observances and constitutions of the same Church. *' I also admit the holy Scriptures, according to that sense which our holy Mother the Church has held, and does hold, to whom it belongs to judge of the true sen6e and interpretation of the Scriptures: neither will I ever take and « pret them otherwise, than according ta» unanimous consent of the Fathers. "I also profess that there are truly andperly seven Sacraments of the new law, ]nglit* by Jesus Christ our Lord, and necessary for siilvation of mankind, though not all for,., one: to wit, Baptism, Confirmation, Buc^ I'enance, Extreme Unction, Order,and Mainland that they confer grace; and that, of ti- Baptism, Confirmation, and Order, can Dot iterated without sacrilege, I also receive,'. admit the received and approved ceremoni* the Catholic Church, nsed in the solemn! ist.ration of all the aforesaid sacraments, " I embrace and receive all and every oti the things which have been defined and J clared in the holy council of Trent, concern"- Original sin arut justification. " I profess, likewise, that in the Mass then offered to God a true, proper, and propitijtsacrifice for the living and the dead. And tb in the most holy sacrament of the Euchir there is truly, really, and substantially tbe t and BLOOD, together with the SOUL and MN, of our Lord Jesus Christ; aud that therein a conversion of the whole substance of the br into the body, and of tbe whole substanceoft' wine into tbe blood; which conversion i Catholic Church calls Transuistantiation. I« confess, that under cither hind alone, Christ received whole and entire, and a true sacrams- " I constantly hold, that there is a Purgab And that the souls therein detained are he!-" by the suffrages of the faithful. ' " Likewise, that the Saints, reigning toget 1 with Christ, are to be honoured and invocst; and that they offer prayers to God for us,»> that their Relics are to be had in veneration, " I most firmly assert, that the Christ, of the Mother of God, ever Virgin, r also of the other Saints, ought to be hadsretained, and that due honour and veneration to be given them. " I also affirm, that the power of Jndulp, was left by Christ in the Church, and that»' use of them is most wholesome to Ckriiti people. " I acknowledge the Holy, Catholic, Jposlcl Roman Church for the mother and mistress all churches; and I promise true obedience' the Bishop of Rome, successor to St. Pe! Prince of the apostles, and Vicar of Jesus Cliri " I likewise undoubtedly receive and prof all other things delivered, defined, and decks" by the snored canons and general councils,« particularly by the holy council of Trent. A: I condemn, reject, and anathematize all thto contrary thereto, and all heresies which t Church has condemned, rejected, and anathe atized. " This true Catholic faith, without which i can be saved, and which I now freely pro and truly hold, I promise, vow, and swear m: constantly to hold, and to profess the San! whole and entire, with God's assistance, to tt end of my life; and to take care, to the lest: my power, that it Shall be held, taught, at preached by those over whom I shall has authority, or with tbe care of whom I shall i charged by virtue of my office. " So help me God, and his holy evangel." This was the most solemn part of ceremony. After the Metropolitan had himsel sworn to preserve inviolate the faith of Holy Roman Catholic Church the suffrage bishops kneeling iu succession at his feet,eacl> of them with the right haud resting on tlr Gospel, repeated the same oath. AndHS th mitred group immediately in front of the alt» were thus solemnly engaged the other Fathersi the Synod, kneeling in their different positioi aud bent reverently before the altar, were r 1 silently repeating their vows to be steadi to the Faith in all tilings. There was in t tableau a grandeur and an awe-inspirin! solemnity such as is to be witnessed and fct in the Catholic Church alone. It had all tit antiquity of ages, without any of the defecJ or changes produced by time, to invest it mil solemnity and magnificence; and all the accessories were calculated to inspire the witnesses to this profession of the old and changeless Faith with feelings of the deepest reverwM and devotion. There was a medieval granta iu the scene, aud in its surroundings, sucin it is not the lot of many men to witness mi life time. , , The indiction of the second Session ^ tie Council, which was to be opened on Wednesday, was then made, and after the' Metropolitan had given the Pontifical blessin? retired in the same order iu which they nan entered. 