THURSDAY, DECEMBER 9,1869. -.-«a MB. EAQAB bad the privilege of " the las! word " upon the hustings on Tuesday, and ia seeking to turn that advantage to aocounl exhibited in a superlative degjee tho ohsrao to-isiio whioh has distinguished the spe'echos of the party with whioh he is aoting-thc unscrupulous re-assertion of fallaoios that have boen again and again confuted. He seoras tc have boon encouraged by tho sight of several thousand people to assure himself thal maDy of them had not heard or attendod te the explanations given of tho oit-repeated and oft-answered charges whioh he and hie friends had got together against thu Govern- ment. We should not trouble our ronden with any referonoe to suoh a disingennoui and unworthy produotion, but thal we fear there may bo some truth in the assumption that among thc cleo tors there wero more than a fow who were unprepared to detoot the groundlecsnesE of Mr. EAQAR'S assertions. At all events, when misrepresentations are audaciously re- peated, after they have beon publicly exposed, it is necossary to repeat tho oorrootion. Mr. PARKES had so much contempt for tho under- standing of tho eleotors of East Sydney BE *o reiterate in thoir hearing his absurd theory about tho moribund oondition of the Parliament; and obtained, on that giound apparently, their sanotion for the conduot ol his party in refusing fair play for the polioy of the -Government. There was, indeed, somo oonaistenoy in Mr. EAQAB, after having beon member of a Government that met Par- liament without any policy at all,. finding fault wt h tho proaent Ministry for giving, in tho Governor's speeob, a full exposition of their polioy. But nothing can exouso tho repetition of statements that have been pub- licly shown to be unfounded. Mr. EAQAB had the hardihood to desoribe tho effeot of the new regulations with regard to tho insana BB compelling tho relatives of lunatics to take obarge of them, and thereby to'esposo their families to outbreaks of' violent madness whioh they havo no moans of restraining. Mr. EAQAR must have known, what all may soe in the published regulations, that it is optional with tho relatives of insano persons whether they will reoeive them under their own care, none boing obliged to do BO; and that in no oaae can patients bo taken from the asylum without a oertifioato from' the Super- intendent that they may bo safely left to tho oara of thoir friends. The ohange is all on tho sido of mer.y, as well as eoonomy. In tho case of the poor, a small woekly sum is allowed to thoso who take oharge of the insane ; and whon euoh a oharge is willingly undertaken by relatives or friends, it may well bo concluded that the patient will be moro comfortable; while the additional room afforded in the orowded aBjlumB will be no small boon to thoso who remain there. Yet, having, as he boasted, " the last word," Mr. EAQAR took advantage of that opportunity to reiterate what ho must-have known was a false oharge of cruelty to lunatioj. With equal disrogard of truth ho spoke of the new regulations for the Benevolent Asylums, as a sohemo for taming out the maimed, the halt, and the blind, to starve in tho streets, i hore is not a word in the regulation to justify soo h a desorlption. It is proposed' to give theso who are ablo to eapport them- selves in part an opportunity of doing so, by affording them a trifling sum woekly to sup- plement their .wages, instead of supporting them altogether in idleness- It is humiliating to find one of oar public men seeking to catch tho votes of those who were unacquainted with the facts by snob, an outrage on truth. But his ardour/ in the work of deoeiying tho people oarried the speaker so far that ho may be supposed to have opened their eyoa to tho true value of his assortions. Forgetting, apparently, that | the bills for reduuing tho salaries of future Governors, of Ministers of tho CrowB, and., bf Judges, bad beoomo tho 'sub- ject of general discussion, Mr. EAOAB had the folly to declare from the hust- ings that in tho proposed retrenchment " all the large salaries wero left untouched." This really seems as if ho wish td to give the people an assurance that all his wild statements' were, buf ia ' good-natured faroe. And this explanation of his conduct is.oonfirmed by his .affected lamentation over the unfortunate boys who wore to bo taken from " this noble harbour," and from all opportunities of learning useful arts, to bo. shut up " between1 four, stone wallb'' at Port Maoquario in unprofitable oaptivity. And this lugubrious representation was founded on the plan proposed by Mr. ROBERTSON for removing some' boys from the Vernon to the rioh land in the neighbourhood pf Port Mao- quario, whoro he thought thoy might be irainod to agricultural pursuits. Nono has boen louder than Mr. EAQAR'S lato colleague, Mr. PABKBS, , in maintain'ng the . sound prlnoiplo of eoonomy-that the number of the publio: servants should bo redaood, and not the salariea of those who do tboir work well-that al', whoso services are not required should be dismissed-and that those who are retained should be fully omployed and woll remunero ted.' 'But Mr. EAQAB, in the namo of oh ari ty, denounoes the oraolty of dis- missing poor ;mon from tho employment on whioh they depended for support. For the parposo of exoiting against tho ' Ministry a projudieo that might'enduro till the oleotion for .Wost Sydney ÍB over, Mr. EÀQAB laid down a rnie that would rondor suoh retrench- ment as the leading men of all-parties have advooated altogether impossible. Ho'epoko of it as an offenoe on tho part of the Govern- ment 1 to diBmisa mon from tho publio j servioo ; as if it wore tho duty , of tho administration,', to make provision for persons whoBe aorvioca are not roquirod and for their familioB-as if tho departments in tho Civil Servioo were to bo so many asylums for tho needy. To con oludo appropriately tho serias of wilful ' mis- representations by which he sought to deooivo the eleotors, he assured them that the great isBuo to be now decided was whether onr oivil and religious liborty should bo pre- served. Not ashamed to cry,, !', wolf '' jo ' the last, ¡though theiaots of ovory'iäay'S/progrosB' in the elootion demonstrate tho-wickedness ? and absurdity of the ory, Mr. if AQAR .wound, up with 'a txagio appeal to the¡, eleotors, as "blooding siroa," to hand down tho battlo.of, froodom to thoir BOUB 1 Instead of enjoying and using, as men, tho freedom our fathers hare won- fop. us in roo-her times, be would have as summon up, in tho midst of a passing election, the ghost of along vaLqaished tyranny-and, worst of all,. to endeavour to fasten on our fellow oitizons tho guilt of seeking to ira poe o upon us the fetters ot religious despotism. Mr. ROBERTSON ohallonged, ilia opponents to point out tho members of the Popiph conspiracy; bat thia Mr. EAQAB would not pretend to do. It was enough for his purpose if ho oould exoite a .vague alarm and indignation-if ho could only persuade the majority of cleotora to assume .that Protestant liberties would be in danger unless tho nominees of tho assooiation whioh had put him forward were returned to Parlia- ment. When suoh misrepresentations as those reiterated by Mr. EAQAB wore thrust upon the eloctors of East Sydney, by oandidates who had suddenly entered tho field almost at tho last hour before tho oleotion, thoy seem to havo boon startled into a momentary for- getfulness of what was due to themselves and to the great publie interests entrusted to their bands ; for they committed thoso interests to tho keeping of men who gained their oonfidenoo merely by tho combined and unhesitating utterance of a false alarm. Tho eleotors of West Sydney have had time ' enough to oonsidor the weight of the accusa- tions whioh Mr. PARKES and Mr. BUCHANAN levelled at the Ministry whom they dosiro to displace. Above all, they know how to esti- mate the truth of tho assertion that Mr. ROBERTSON, Mr. FORSTER, Mr. SUTHERLAND, Mr. SAMUEL, and their Bupportors aro ready to saorifioe the Publio Sohools Act to the prejudioes of tho Ko m an Catholics, and to hand over this aolony to the POPS, unless suoh men as Mr. BUCHANAN are raised to power to defend us. If Protestant liberty ia in peril, it can only bo preserved by men of truth. Falsa aoousera oan but injure any cause to which, they attaob them- selves. The fair spirit of Mr. WEARNE'S remarks at the hustings rendered still moro remarkable thc gross unfairness of oandidates "with whom ho has allowed himself to bo asBOoiated- And his candid admissions as to . the excellence of the policy of tbo Ministry, furnish reason for the expectation that he will bo a firm supporter of that polioy, unless he surrenders his judgment to those politicians under whose auspices, un- fortunately for his own reputation, ho has oomp forward. Those who vote for Mr. WEARNE will, if consistent with themselves, vote also for Mr. ROBERTSON, whose polioy ho EO fully approved ; and not for Messrs. EAOAR and WINDEYER, to whose avowed sentiments and reoont proceedings in Parlia- ment what Mr. WEARNE said, whether so intended or not, was a sovore rebuke. 