" TrHE STORY OF VICTORIA AcCoitM- , ( t BONI.. ; \- LVitloria Accoraraboni was born of n noblo but !im-i 'poverlshod family at Agnbio in the Ducby of Urbino. Tlio old- chroniolers are rapturous i in their praiso-' bf lier beauty,' grace, and exceeding charm of manner.: . Not only, her porson most lovely, but her .mind're-, 'fie'ctod'allj.tho. virtues of a modest, 'innocent, ','andi winning ,youlhV ,-Sho-. oxorcised an irresistible , in-: fluenco .oyer, all who saw lior, and many were the' offers of marriago sbo refused. At length! a 'sditor: appeared whese cpnncctipns.with theRoman ecclosias-' tical 'liristpcrdby. risnderod him most acceptable in . the' eyes of , the Aecoramboni. They greeted, liim with joy, and gnvo him Vittoria for his brido. Folico Peretti was the namo of the successful suitor. His mother, 1 Camilla, was sister to Felice, Cardinal of Montalto, afterwards Popo Sixtus V. The Peretti were of humble ' origin." The Cardinal himself bad tended swine as a boy in liis nutivo village of Fermo ; but.supported byan! invincible belief in bis own des tinies, mid gifted' with "a powerful intellect andde-! termined character, he bad-passed through all grades \- of-tho-Franciscan order to its Generalship ; had re ceived' tho bishoprics of Fermo hndSt. Agatha ;' arid lastly, in the:'year'1570; had nssumod the title/of Cardinal Montalto. . Ho' was now ' on the higliway to 'the Papaty, amassing money by incessant ;oaro, studying tho. humours of surrounding, factions, and 'by mixing ' but little . in the, intrigues of the' Papal opurt, .winning for/ himself the reputatibn .'of an in-; offensive old man! Thus he; hoped to .creep into, the throno.-, nor were his exportation frustrated/in.l585 he was olooted Pope,- tho parties of the Medici and; thei Farnesi, agreeing to -aceept' him ait a'stop-gap and a compromise. ;When once firmly seated on StJPeter's chair, ho showed himself in his .true colaurs— an im; placable 'ddministrator of HOTCrost justice, a. rigorous 'econbmist, an1 iconoclastic ' foe of paganism.' His stubborn 'genius ' combined' the 'strange '.elements of force, narrowness,' reforming ability, and /contracted prejudices. J Jt'was the nepliew then, of this man, wli'o had abandoned bis own name in compliment to the Cardi nal his unole,' that; Vittoria -Gorombona , married For a short tinio they lived hdppilyitogetber.li'Vit; toria proved all!t that cbu|d'be/ wished. /She scoured the favour of her, powerful unole-in-'law,1 wbootod oii' tlie'bbarms 'pf'liis' engaging hieeo', and wiflri lior mother and- lier brothers she lived quiptly in Rome notorious for iier/ wil'and virtue no less than- for her beauty. ' Of her four brothers Otinvio was in orders; and .through the,' interest of Montalto, hud .obtained the .see 'pf.Fo'sso'uib'rpnii ; of Giulio we hear'little : Flai'ninio. shared, bis. sister's, fortunes,.' and perished with her at the end : Marcoilo was an outlaw for liis crimes, and: lived outside the walls among tho -ban; I dit.3. Such was the family- which -gathered -round I Folico PoroUi's house in Itomo. - " '" / .' But niattors did not long romain so. ; Vittorin's mother ,was, ambitions, and the bsautifal ybung wife/ howevor'falr to look upon, gracious in ivbrd/and gen tle in address, was yet capable of executing in. cold blood the most revolting crimes. A prince of the house of Orsini, Paolo Giordano, Duke of Bracoiano; enslaved by bor hoauty, made her proposals of love ; but' Vittoria . and her mother would not entertain his illioib suit. Prudent nnd nmqitio'us, they refused bid offers/ unless ho promisod to.mnke Vittoria his' wife: -Felice, it is trno,. was in the way/ but if Braccinno bnlyiprbmised to < placo: the ducal coronet 'upon' Vit-j toria's licad, thatlittlo mattermightbe easily arranged; Now Bracoiano was a widower ; ho had been-married to Isabella do' Medici, sister of tlio Grand Duko Francesco and tbe Cardinal Ferdinando. Suspicion of aduUorjr'hnd'fallon on Isabella, and hor liusband,' with tho full concurrence , of. her brothers, had qniotly disposed of hor, w bother by poison, or thd haltor, or tlio knife, , wb douot hear. ,.- At any rate, it was well-known ''that 'the 'Duke' of Bracoiano had murdered.liis .wife, and no one/thought; the worse of him ; for, st'rangb to say in those days'of abandonod vice iind/intricate'villany, eortain points , of honour ' wbrb'maihtaindd'with scrupulous fidelity. Tho sus-i picion of ii. wife's qdultory to ..tbo.most savago and brutal husband.: was onougli to. justify bis semi-judi-j oial vengeanco, and the dishonour she - bad-, brought upon his house - was shared by her brethren) so that they-Btood by, consenting toher death/ Isabella left .obo son, Virginio; to her husband, who' became the beir of Braooiano's dukedom. It shows' tiie'sa'vdgp nature, of- tbp: times that a, "man who bad murdered liis wife, the daughter of tho , mbs/ powerful bouse in Italy, for a point , of honour, should seek a socond wile in a woman who . was ready to kill berown bus; band in order -to secure liis band. : Irresistible pasi sions govornod tho Italians of that day,' and small at- tention wiis paid -to' bloodshed. ' ' , i ' -. ; / 'But; -meantime, bow should- poor Folico bei entrap ped P'Thoy. caught him. in. a snaro of peculiar atrocity, by working -on tbe- kindly feolings whicll his loveifor Vittoria had oausod him .to oxtc'n'd'.to all the Ooromboni. Marcoilo, tho outlaw, was her fa4 vourito brother, and" Mafeello, at. that timo, lay in hiding, and undor tlio suspicion of some more than ordinary criinofbeyond the walls of Romo. Lato ono evoning, while the Peretti family wore retiring to bed, and Felice liimsolf was preparing for. repose after a laborious day, a messongor from Marcello arrived, enlroatiCg him to repair as hastily aud secretly as possibie.to Monte Cavallo. - Marcello bad somo affairs of the igreatost importance to communicate, and bogged his doarly-luvcd brother-in-law not to fail him at a griovous pinch. To attiro.hiraself for the expedition- was tlio work of an instant. Felico showed himself most eager to set forth and help Vit- toria'a Marcello. It wob in vain that liis wifo and her mother reminded liim. of the darkness of the night, tho loneliness of Monto Cavallo, its ruinous palaces and, robbor-hauuted caves. In vain tlioy bogged liim to defer liis visit till tlie morniug, or, at least,1 to talco witb'bim a body of armod followors. Ho rofusod their advico, and laughed at tlieir fears. Perhaps, tbby did not press too warmly, and perhaps tlio toars Vittoria shed for her lord's safety were mingled with inoro touching lamentations over lior brothor's unknown :dangor. Anyhow, Folico wont forth and never returned. His body was found on Mohto Cavallo, stabbod through and through, with out a traco that could idontify liis murderers. Sus picion foil of Vittoria aud lier kindred and the Duke of Bracoiano i. nor was this dissipatod by the Corom- boni taking refuge in tho quarter of tho Orsini, whero Duko. Bracciano harboured thorn. A Cardinal's no- phow, ovon in thoso troublous times, was not killed without somo noise being miulo about tho matter. Accordingly1; Popo Gregory began to tako measures for discovering tho authors of tho crimo. Strange to say, howovor, tho Cardinal Montalto, notwithsl end ing tho groat lovo ho boro bis nophow, entroatod Gregory to let tho investigation drop. His ex traordinary moderation and sclf- oontrol, on this oc casion, woro notiood : it was thought that tlio man who could so tamoly submit to bis nephew's murder, and suspend tbo vory arm of justico when already raisod for vengeance; would provo a mild arid indulgent , rulor. At tho timo, .it was boliovod the Cardinal owed bis olovation to the Papal oliair in a groat measure to this timely and judioious apathy. Meanwhile, Brnaolano married Vittoria. Bat when Sixtus asconded the throne, tho firot thing ho did was to vow revenge against the murderers of Felipe, aud to extenq\nqt« the bandits from his ter- ritory. His strenuous polioy forcod Bracciano to fly: with tho Ooromboni family from Romo. Thoro was' no resisting tho enorgotio justico and tho thirst for, vengeanco whioh this stern old Popo — deemed: falsely .tho most mild and pitiful of dotards— had dis-' played. The Duko and Duchess reached Padua in safety where thoy bire'd 'a splondid palace. At Venice also, and Salo on the Lago di Garda, thoy provided tbemselveB with fit dwellings for their princely state and their large retinues, intending to divide their time between the pleasures which tlio capital of luxury afforded and tho simpler enjpymout of tho Italian lakes. Bat "la gioja del profani o un fumo passuggier." Paolo Giordano Orsini, Duke of iBraopinno, .died suddenly at Salo on tlip. lOth Np-i vembor, 1585, leaving the young and beautiful bub guilty. Vittoria helpless among enemies. What was the cause of liis death 1 History does not give a clear and.certain answer. The Duke had iudeed suffered. from a disease called lupus on acoonnt of its consuming and voracious destrnotivencss. But ihevwas'a Btroilg , man, in Ahe prinio of life: . The' Popo hated him and had 'vowed his death, and' poisons 'were ill whys at -hand' in- Italy at that, day.' It is well known 'how 'Sixtus exterminated a' 'whole band of robbers by driving mules ladon with poisoned meats' into their neighbourhodd j rior can 'we doubt him capable of cutting off 'his deadly foo by means more sure and subtle than disease. ' Any- how. Bracciano died suddenly, leaving largo Bums of. money, jewels, goods, and houseB to bis wife Vit toria, whom indeed he seems to have loved dearly. His princedom and the honours of the Duchy oi' Bracciano; .he. bequeathed , to yirginio, : bis son -by Isabella' do Medici. Vittoria, with her brothers . Marcello and Flamjnio repaired at once to Padua/ : where they - were, met by Prince Lnigi : 'Orsini' the -dead mau's relative/ High words ensued between the widow arid the 'prince'. " He disputed Brhcciano's' willaiulstrovotowreathor jointuro from Vittoria She;', however/ was sripporte'd- by heg brothers. Then on the uighfc/.of Sunday, Pecember23, forty men' disguued- 'inbla'ok and-' fantastically - tricked out. with wild devices to . inspire horror, entered Vit-j toria's ; palapo.- ;; Through the .long galleries and loggie 'chambers bung. witb arras they spread! stealthily;,, trapped "ittpria and Fiaminio,- and slew1 .them;botb : Marcello iniinnged to psoape. , It is re-: slated- .that: Vittoria was killed with.-oircumstarioes' : of pebuliar cruelty ; tbo murderer pierced1 her left . side with a stiletto and' worked > the weapon about' aiking' her if he bad touched ber heart./ / , All Pad ua. at once, was . up in nrins. Messengers were dispatched , to , Venice, , in order, that the miuis-; ters of justice might bo sent to, apprehend so great a crimiual as Prince Lugi. . No one seems to -have reflected on the crimes of Vittnria, or to bavo looked upon ber deatb as a just retribution for a'husbaud's murder. On the coutrary, they only thought about her' youth and: beauty/and cursed - tbe .vidian who ,hiid cropped -tbisjflower, of surpassing, loveliness.' Her wouderfnl dead body, pale yet sweet to look .upon, its goldon.hair surrounded with the circlet of :her ..dukedom;-, and its splendid /limbs arrayed-in :satin;awas laid oat in- the chapel of - the Eremitani. There : tbe people came to look "at her. -The grim -gaunt frescoes ' of Mantegria watched- hor day and 'night'1 as'1 she' layl:st'retched upon her bier; 'solemn :audc'ilffi;varid but -for pallor, beautiful, as in life.1 'Rage ''/was '/.in'". ,tbe ' lierirts' "of . the PaduaDS ptnlibiu '/fanieViiHi, says tlie bbfou|cle, ..when they ;hehrid tbe gracious lady, stiff in .death.- . Gathering :in, knots . around -the-.oandolabra. placed; beside the corpse, tbey vowed, vengeance against .the Oratui. To fly to arms and storm his palace was the first .impulse..- ifiut .they did not find bim unprepared ; aud engines, culverins, and fire- brarids'-'wers directed to. the piilacei doors' arid Barricade's/" At last, be yielded' arid- was brought for trial' 'to tho- co'urt. "The Prince Lugi," says the chronicle, "walked attired in : bro wn, b is p . lignardat . his aide/ and his cloak kiiirig elegantly on hiaJarmi : The" poigriard being taken from hiiri, ;he 'leaned upon a balcony and began' to vtrim .his nails, with a pair of little aoissors wbieb.be .found there.'.', On. St. StephenV .day , .folio wing , he ; was strangled in prison, \ and , hiri ibqdy'laid out .iri/stote ill/the Cathedral of jPadua.' . A'fter|tbat, thoy carried it to - Venice. That .was a' bioody Gbristmas. . Thirteen of bis followers were ibung;.,uext day. ...Two were, quartered . while; ;still living, one of these named Paganello, who had; slniri I Vittoria, haying bis left, 'side, probed, with, his own cruel/dagger. Nineteen were h,ung after, a, few 'day a pthers;were imprisoned; .some were sent. to. the gal- , leys; ;Sov,en receiyed, their liberty. Thus.euded this 1 terrible: affair, wbiicU made a.noiso.ttirottario'us/ttvQ 1 leoKtU' ami. breadtU oi Xta\y bL-:-:iu3e br Victoria's die- ceoaing.' betfrity - arid 'Jier oruol dentu. — Cornhill .Magazine/, J-'; -"J '//- ' , H" -I 'l /; -t ) - -- :/ An Abyssinian Fnast.— The ; Abyssinians are not partial to water. Thoy have a stroug though sour beer/ which tbey make from the dagousba grain/, ..Their, favourite drink is le/ (in Tigre called nieese), a harsh but' stimulating liquor, produced 'by fermentation: out of honey/ Honey in this , country is exceedingly plentiful and exceedingly good.,. aud it is chioUy- valued as. tbe raw material of tej. 1 The profusion, of .food and drink . at tbo tables ; of the chiefs and. the large number, of followers and daily guests. whom tbey eutertaia reminded, Mr Plowdeu ;of the. customs,. of; our . Saxou ..ancestors ; ,and the -resemblanco between the two, lie, tells, us, .does not stop at this. " The gates are .open in the evening to all who, .demand food and shelter in .the name ol friendship and' religion ; rich, and poor, are seated . nt one tablo ; in , ' the . bouse of a great.iubief publio singers chant, tho, legends of their. .heroes, or 'receive guerdon for reciting impromptu stanzas in. praise of tbeir host, and his, 'guests ; nor does ; the freqpent in toxication j , weaken /the. likeness." Besides the numerous, feast days appointed /by .'the Churob; almost every , event of .life affords an excuse for ex cessive eating, and drinking there are great feasts at every wedding ; arid at a certain time after the burial of a relative oven . the poorest people are ex pected ,t'o hold. a, feast (which .'often lasts for days); and to furnish to their friends without stint, tlio 'li'mitedlist of Abyssinian delicacies. The priests and (jdfibes ericourage these baequets; / arid! indeed almost live upon them; — often foremost in tbe revel drinking to intoxication, leading in the song aud dance, without' losing self-respect or- compromising tke(r- snored ..character, .The materials :of . a grand banqut are simple.:, a good supply, of cakes made of toff wheat or' or dagousha meal;' the finest sortri being put uppermost in tlie basket , so as to fall "to the share, of .the rihief guests, who are 'srirved first; an abiiudau'ee of' raw beef ; and/after ;the eating is ovor/toj ad libitum. The cow, several' species of the'gazolle or antelope, and in some distriuts the spay ed goat, ' are the only animals /whioh are eaten raw, ' and tbey are always eater raw ; but for the broamlo, or raw-beef feast, it may be said tba't the coiv alone is in demand. The animal is slaughtered with some ceremony, being thrown down with its head to tho east, and having its throat, cat in the name of the Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost;; it is flayed almost before the death-straggle is over, and ns fast as the skin is drawn away busy hands cut off tbe eligible bits, which are instantly served. to tbe gue9ts while still warm and quivering.' The'gueat supplied with a strip of beef, holding ono end of it iu'liis mouth tho other in his left hand, cuts bits off with bis sbotel (a curved kuike not unliko a siokle), or attentive servants cram him with large morsels as fast as, or faster than, he can swallow them. All are supplied with the most careful hospitality, and all eat with voraoity until appetito is fairly exhausted. Then, ami not till then, it is allowable to drink, and the drinking goes on until the greater number are helplessly intoxicated. One who scorns to have made himself quite at home in Abyssinia says that tbe raw beef is "far tenderer than tbo most tender joint that has been hung a week in England';" and certainly neither tho rawness nor tbe the quantity taken seems te do much barm, unless tlie former be responsible for tbe prevalence of tapeworm. The mode of killing uow practised is much less oruel than that dosoribea by Bruce as customary at the date of liis visit to Abyssinia. - Bruce's story about tbe " live steak," which on one occasion he saw cut ont of a cow, had not a siriaU share' in arousing in credulity about, his descriptions ; but Mr Mansfield Parkyns .bolieves it.to be true,./ He tells lis that he repoa'tedly heard that it is not uncominou among the Gallas, when on a journey, .to out steaks out of a oow, and then, covering the wound with the hide, to lay on a plaster of mud— exactly .Bruoo's state ment ; and also that the same - thing is oooitfionally dono by' Abyssinians'.— Chambers's Miscellany, i A soldier, being nsked if 'lie. mot with nmoh hospitality when in Ireland, replied, thut lie whs in. the hospital /nearly all the time he, was there. . " ' /'; I Why is autumn an appropriate time for /reaping grain F — Bocauao that is the period fOr the fall of the (y)ear. .' ' 7" ' . While most, porsons are /in advariao of tbo age, an old maid generally . manages,:; to keop ton . years bqhindy ' . . . .";t '/; z r 