(Jorwspondqrm. - " Every matt has' a right to a spirit of pre ference. No man has a right to a spirit of exclusion, leave that to unhappy Popery."— Mabsh. The above definition of Religious Liberty in the choioe of Church Govern ment is from the pen of one of the most influential men, the associate of Simeon, Wilberforce, Chalmers, Arnold, &c.; &c.; In perusing the life of this valuable Divine, we have be in struck witn the combination of ardent love, with christian firmness and clearness of perception on many questions of daily imp ortance, The Doctor held several large livings from time to tima, where, from his charity, hospitality, and usefulness, tie was highly popular, and . a leading per sonage in almost all of the religious and other useful societies of the day. An anecdote or two will show his influence upon the people. In one instance the Hank at Colchester was pressed for pay ment in coin, and the run was so great that the stability of the bank was en dangered. The Bankers applied to Dr. Marsh, who, after a little consideration, made up a large amount of money he had in his possession entrusted to him drew a cheque on his bank in London for the amount, and forthwith proceeded through the crowd, with his bags in his hand. The cry was " O, Sir, don't put your money in the bank, the bunk is just breaking." " I am not at all afraid ; I shall find it all right when I want it." The crowd fell back from the doorway and only a few men remained. To these he said, " Here is your money," handing the gold from the bag. " No, Sir, that is yours." ' Take it, I will be repaid " Confidence was restored, and the bank was saved On one occasion a monster meeting of radicals and chartists was held at the Town Hall, Birmingham, at the pass'ng of the Reform Bill. Num bers of the rough and ready class were present to put down the speakers. Mr, Marsh was confined to his room by a sore throat, aud could not speak. In the ex- igency of the moment a fly was sent for him to urge his presence. Ho started, gained an entrance upon the stage. The moment he appeared the angry counten ances were suddenly changed, and the hall rang with shouts- " Here's Millennial Marsh, hear him, he is good." Order was imii cdiately restored, and pointing to his throat, and obtaining an interpreter, he asked in bis name for fair play to the speakers. Silence prevailed, and the meeting proceeded without inter ruption. These two occurrences stamp the character of the man, benevolent but firm. In the day of the passing of the Emancipation Bill, Mr. Marsh took a prominent part ; he expressed himself freely in opposition to that measure, and, with Captain Goidon, R.N., Armstrong 'Irvin, and others, in these controversies, his motto being—" Let us attack princi ples! not persons — measures not men." In preaching the funeral sermon of his daughter lie declared he would sooner follow his child to the grave than see her becomb a member of the Church of Rome. He considered that' the Ministry, in yiuld- lug 10 mo importunity of the Roman Ca- tholics, had acted a!cowardly part, fearing the separation of Ireland ; and states that the dilemma of the Roman Ca tholics was I obvious—" they are good subjects of the ! British Constitution and would not act contrary to it, but they or their successors may he called upon in conscience to do ! that in obedience to. their Church , for her benefit, which would interfere with: the British Constitution ; then they must be .either heretics or rebels, and the fear of .English Protestants is that they may choose the latter." "The opinions of all Catholics is nothing— the opinions of Universities is nothing, it must be deplo- matio — it must be from the Court of Rome. Political power should never be trusted to those who are pledged to render a higher obedience to a foreign prince than to our Sovereign, nor any degree be be stowed of Ecclesiastical equality upon a Church wlios: priests are the sworn vassals of that prince." His belief was that after the Emancipation Bill the Papal power would steadily rise in England, de claring that, the Church of Rome is now the same as in the days of Mary, she will not be satisfied with supremacy without withdrawing toleration. He then descri bes the numbers burnt in the days of Mary — 1 archbislion. 4 hi-hnna. 21 nlnrrrvinen. 18 gentlemen, 84 tradesmen, 100 bus- ban linen, 55 women, 4 children, and quotes a note from the Romish Testament to show the persecuting spirit of Rome — " All men, be they heretics or other malefact jrs— he they punished and sup pressed without disturbance or hazird (so we see bow quietly this is to be done) of the public good; < hey may and ought to be by public authority, either spiritual or temporal, o be chastised or executed." No man was more opposed to penal laws tban D#. Marsh. While as to Ritualism he says — " they put tradition in the place of scripture ; the priesthood in the place of Christ, and the sacraments in place of the Holy Sp'rit." Wc have quoted rather largely from the opinions of this earnest and Cat holic man. Catholic, wc mean, to all the other authn- dox Christian bodies, having enjoyed the fellowship of Dr. Chalmers, Guiney and Pry, the Quakers, and many others, in order to introduce his opinions upon cer tain ordinances of the Epi-copal Church in which ho was consulted from time to time, respecting the theory of Baptismal regeneration, as a necessary accompani ment of Baptism. " It is the foundation," he says, "of that sacramental system which has led so many into the Church of Rome ; therefore, it could never be held with safety. Thereby the priest arrogates a power which only belongs to the spirit of God, who as the wind bloweth where it listetb, waiting, not for men, nor tarrieth for the sons of men The ungodly lives of so many baptised was strongly atraiust the whole theory of gram being of neces sity imparted in the sacrament of Bap tism. His final views upon this question towards the close of his long life of eighty-nine years, was that " Baptism was never designed to be the agent in regener ation, but the sign and seal ; it was never intended that a minister, when he pleased; could regenerate a soul. The Lord said, ' go ye, teach a disciple, and then Baptise-' Our Church will not receive into communion, until by Baptism a confession of faith is made ; but a pro fession of faith, if sincere, implies rege neration before Baptism. The Church cannot pronounce a soul regenerate till faith has been confessed The 27th article, declares not that, faith is given by the act of Baptism ; but that it is con- prayer. The Church r.ot being fully firmed, and grace increased in answer to satisfied, adopts confirmation, that the party, when of age, may confess faith be fore being admitted to the Lord's Supper. Finally, except a man . be. born of water, that is, Baptism, lie cannot be .received as a member of the Church of Christ on earth ; if be be not Baptised of the spirit, he cannot enter the Church of Christ: in Heaven. ; The Baptism of infants is to be -main tained — 1st., from analogy, circumcisions of infants under the Jewish covenant, wliy notadmittcd into the Christian covenant by Baptism. 2ndly. By inference, house holds are supposed to have; contained in fants, while households were Baptised, some of which, .naturally contained in fants.' Srdly. Antiquity, from the most ancient dates, it appears to have been the custom of the Church, by divine command. that , infants were dedicated to God by a Sacramental- rite which is called a sign, a seal of; the Covenant; but- the- Abrahamic Covenant is nothing more or less than what we call the Covenant, of Grace, as asserted in Romans, chapter iv., and Galatians, chapter . iii. , thus we are bound to dedicate our children. There shall be no more shedding of blood since the Redeemer has .shed his blood— -there fore, .the sacramental sign is now by water.'"— Marsh. 'j Without entering into the subject of Infant Baptism, it is clear that Dr. Marsh, and all of the same school, do not believe or sanction Baptismal regeneration in Baptism. We consider that much of this belief arises from the supposition that the third chapter of Jolm relates to Baptism whereas as the Christian Baptism in form was not established until after our Saviour's resurrection, in name of Father, Son, and # Holy Ghost, our Saviour could not have re-: proved Nicodemus of ignorance " of these things" as a master of Israel. The igno- \- ranee of Nicodemus was that the Prophets taught the necessity of "a new heart," that they used the symbol of water to re present it, and that when our Lord adverted to this question by Baying, " y u must be born again," Nicodemus, although a mas ter of Israel, was ignorant of the teaching of the prophets. Our Saviour varies the symbols, first water, then wind, as if to illuminate the teacher's mind. The Rev. Rev. Thomas Scott did not consider the conversation between our Saviour and Nicodemus had any reference to Christian Baptism, which was not instituted then- no more than our Saviour's statements in John, chapter vi., has reference to the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Neither of these chapters can have any reference to institutions not then ordained. On the subject of adult Baptism, the Church of England, in her article (not Edward the VI.'s article) her Homilies and her Catechism is very distinct in teaching that there must be the pre requisite in Baptism of faith. What is required of persons to be baptized ? re pentance and faith. So, the Homiles say " a sacrament is a visible sign of an in ward and visible grace that the grace exists within, and that the sacrament is nothing more than an outward sign — "faith is a necessary instru ment of all those holy ceremonies: Such is the power of the Holy Ghost to regenerate men."— Homily Whit Sunday. Then the prayer of adult Baptism say — " That God will favourably receive these persons — truly repenting and coming unto Him in faith. Baptism re- presenteth unto us our profession." Such as be baptised must remember that repentence and faith preceded "the external sign." — Bishop Hooper. Much' more may be quoted to show that there is no warranty either in Scripture, in the cases quoted — the Gaoler— the. Eunuch — Lydia, &c.; — nor in the Articles ; or the Homilies of the Church of England for Baptismal Regeneration in adults. Respecting the question of Infant Bap tism, it is rather strange that there is no Homily of -the Church on the sub ject of Baptism, and all the Article says, is, " The Baptism of young children is in any wise to be retained as agreeable with - the Institution of Christ." Wc have here no explicit Scriptural authority set before us; nor is the proof that infants, who can have neither faith nor repent ence, were baptised under the Christian dispensation, very express. That house holds do exist without children is very certain. There is not any individual ex ample, nor any very clear commandment, as under the Jewi-h dispensation for Circumcision For lufant Baptism theres - something inferential (Acts,- chap, ii.), but not absolute ; nay, the Apo»tle says, "Circumcision or un circumcision ' is nothing but a new creature." Neither did Paul, save in a few cases, or Our Saviour baptise. Children wore dedicated to Christ (Luke, xviji. 15-16.), but that was not Baptism. The Church of Eng land, in her Catechism, puts the question: Why are childreu baptised, when, by- reason of their tender age, they! cannot perform them — i.e., faith and reperUancd ,? Because they promise both by their sureties, which promise, when they come of age, themselves are bound to perforin. This is no doubt a clumsy way of meeting a difficulty. Dr. - Marsh , says, the language is ambiguous, and it' would bo well if altered " ' This, we believe, "was added in the days of ' Charles 'II., when much Popish leaven was insinuated into, the Church., . However, ,ii is certain tliit even in Jrifant Baptism ' the Church preserves 'the 'iea. of 'the 'pre-fequiaite of' faith ; for the sponsors . are asked if they believe in these doctrine's before the child is1 baptised. Then the minister and conqregalion, for tho mihia- ! ter is not recognised alone, offer up prayer that the new man may be raised up !in the child, that all things belonging to th'e Spirit may live and grow im him, and prays that God may regard the "supplica- tians of -the" congregation'.: - ' Under tie supposition that, tlie.-e prayers of the Con gregation, arc offered up in1 faitli, the/Child is declared to be received into th e'co'ngre- gaiionbi Christ's flock— the child1 before was without the Church is now brought within to enjoy 'certain benefits. (Re mans iii. o The - objectionable ! part comes in the thanksgiving prayer which assumes a great deal — r" that the child is regenerate with Thy Holy Spirit, that he is Thine by adoption, that he is dead unto sin, &c.;" Yet even here there is a condition implied, for the -expressions are not' positive — "..grant" ' mag crucify," " mag also be partakers of his resurrection," "So that finally," &c.; -The . thanksgiving is not founded upon any ministerial power, but on the united supplication of the congregation, on the many promises given to the prayer of faith where one or two are -agreed. If there be1 no faith there is really no efficacious prayer, and the whole proceeding is sin ; for whatsoever is not of faith is- sin. The' defence -for using such terms as "adop tion," "kingdom of heaven," "my peo ple,'' " the children of the law," is that these. -terms- arc used by the prophets and apostles in an. ecclesiastical sense ; that since"; the Fall the world is divided ' into professed worshippers of Godand' Pagans Mahommedans,' &c.;, which latter are with out the kingdom of, heaven in this world, and .Christ's visible Church on earth. ;So it was with the Jews — " Children whom God;liad brought up and nourished, yet they were worse, than : the ass or ox,1' '.'(they were wicked," " forgotten of God," "about, to perish," &o.; — Iraiah, Daniel, . Amos, &c.; So the Apostle speaks of churches sanctified in . Christ Jesus, calls them- saints, , yet rebukes thdm as departs ing ifrom. the, faith, &c.; " All," says Zwingie, " who are baptised put on Christ in the judgment of the Church, but not in-tiie sight of Grod." ,, The, -parable of the Ten Virgins, the W,ise and the foolish, portrays the Church until, the harvest . comes to separate the wheat-and the tares. . It is evident however, on an examina tion of the article, the Homilies and the prayers of the Church of England, with tjhe exception of this instance of the phraseology in the thanksgiving prayer of.infaut Baptism ; that the doctrine of the Church of England is qpposed to Baptism, (which it calls a sign or seal of -the pro fession,) being the agent of regeneration ; that- faith and repentance are pre- requesitcs, and that in this one instance it is neither: the vote nor the operation of the minister that is looked to, but tho united prayers of the congregation. The Creeds, the Sacraments, reading the Psalms, &c.;, all is founded upon the principle, that the minister and the Con gregation combine in the service. We firmly believe in Baptism as a Di vine ordinance,' but as to the question of infant Baptism' of immersion or sprinkl ing, we are willing to leave as an open question. While as to the doctrine of regeneration, i"you must beborn again," we believe to bo essential, and that the agency by which this is effected, is the Holy Spirit ; sometimes through prayer, some times by preaching by the word of God, I. Peter, i c. 23 v. — and often through peculiar providences, &c.;, &c.;, but that Baptism and regeneration are not identi cal. ' This question agitated the Church of England in the days of Bishop Broughton. Two pamphlets were published in reply to the Bishop, and the Rev. Mr. Miller, by R. Sadlier, 1821 ; but probably both aire out of nrint. Now the obiect was to show, that both these Divines were like Nicodemus. Masters of Israel did not know these things, did not in fact under stand their own articles and Homilies ; that the Church of England does not teach the efficacy of Baptismal regeneration, but declares to be a sign and seal of things signified. That many, who have -alike faith with Abraham and were within the covenant of grace, have died without being Baptised; having probably as in this colony no means of receiving the rite, yet were in a state of salvation, see Romans, iv. c., but then if saved, they must have been born again. The rite of circumcision or uncircumcision availeth nothing. In conclusion; many take a super ficial view of the Church of En gland's prayer-book, and found .unon some isolated exnression a charge of Popish dogmatism; but perhaps when her articles, homilies, &o.;, _are compared and examined, admitting .for the imperfection of a human composi tion, there is no church protests more strongly against Romanism than she does.; ..While in the compilation her liturgy John Knox, :Peter Martyr; who held the" divinity chair in Oxford, Bucer, at Cambridge; Ochinus and Tagius, who had cahonries in English cathedrals; also, Calvin were more less consulted upon many portions of the prayers and articles. It is generally said, that John Knox formed1 the 17th Article. While with many of the Evangelical \- party,- we wish to see something revised in the book of Common Prayer, and with ' Harris on union, we wish to see the re strictions to the use of extemporary prayer abolished ; yet we regard the Book of Common Prayer as having accom-' plished a great thing, in giving prayer to the people in the vulgar tongue, as being suitable to a time when many of the clergy Were ignorant, as- setting forth the fundamental doctrines of the Bible, as containing the deepest confessions of sin, and the highest ascriptions of praise, as a composition ; pure in language, rich in spirituality, and comprehensive in thought, which, with all the changes of times, and idioms, -has' few equals, while the book contains a' very large portion of the Scriptures. We 'believe, that the things which have raised much prejudice against it, have been the coersive laws of the Five Mile Act — the Act of Uniformity, &c.f; which the Prayer Book is unjustly associated with, " for there is not in her articles homilies and liturgy, a single sentence that .disfranchises other Protestant Churches."— Harris. For our own part, while we would be sorry to see the Book cast out, admitting its faults, we, never theless, can worship with it, or without it, and are , not ashamed to unite with Roland Hill, or D'Aubigne, or other ex cellent men, who frequently used the Com mon Book of Prayer. ... . -S. . ; 