Ptj grtml Mtotefapfw* BY GODFREY HOBAET. A Tale of Sooth Australia# PART SIXTH. ( Concluded.) I could hardly sleep that night, through thinking of the coming morrow—the elements , too, seemed conspiring to augment my wake fulness, for the rain came down in torrents with an accompaniment of hail and thunder. The patter patter on the roof was incessant, while the water gurgled and rumbled through the water-spouts and drippingly rang into my weary brain, "He will die! He will die! He will die!" over and over, till at last I slumbered. When I woke and looked out through the damp misty window-panes I saw that a heavy steady rain had set in, which promised to continue through the day. Such a day has, generally speaking, a most depressing influence on my spirits, which this morning vented itself in im patience and fretful wonderment as to when the slowly "moving time would pass away and 2 o'clock come. I did not feel inclined to do anything—I tried to read—-to play—to write—and occupy the time with all the little trifles which amuse and employ 'women but after a few minutes of effort I found my thoughts wandering away from the page, or the music, or the pen dropping from my fingers, and my eyes always looking through the rain to the front gate where the pony chaise was to appear. It was no use. I could not content myself, I limped^ about through the house even to the kitchen, annoying my maid by petulant interferences. I lay down, thinking perhaps a doze would quiet me and rid me of some of the time that intervened before 2 o'clock would come; and, sitting down to dinner uneasy and fidgety, fancied that surely the morning had been a drearisome, long day, and that another day would dawn at 2 o'clock! Half-past 1 at last, thank God! and I hasted to dress myself suitably for the drenching wet—dawdling as long as possible and employing every conceivable device of delay so that 1 should have to wait no more for 2 o'clock. Just tying on my bonnet when the chaise drove up! the boy sitting | on the small box in front of the water-tight hood, carefully enveloped in a mass of bags and mackintosh — horse streaming and smoking—the hot breath from his nostrils streaming out through the dense air, giving the animal the appearance of being some ingenious locomotive invention propelled by caloric. I got in, assisted by Ann, who thoughtfully placed my crutches on the seat beside me. "Whereto, Marin?" asked Mr. Stevens's boy. "The Hospital," I answered, apparently much to his astonishment and disgust. No doubt he wondered however his master could I deign to lend the chaise and driver to a person whose friends were inmates of the Hospital. We went along through the blinding rain which poured down so heavily indeed that I should not have felt surprised if the horse, conveyance, driver, and passenger had been washed away and found drowned in some creek next morning. The afternoon was dark—the trees started suddenly out of the prevailing indistinctness like goblins waiting to astonish the passer-by, and I felt quite relieved when we emerged from the sloppery regions of Kent Town and gained the broad Botanic-road which seemed to protest firmly against myfancyof heingfound drowned. The fountain in the Botanic Garden was plashing away in a damp, defiant manner—the sound of its falling volume of water giving me a chilly and uncomfortable feeL A few minutes later Mr. Stevens's boy pulled up the horse, and quickly came round to assist me in leaving the chaise. Looking up, I saw we had gone past a neat lodge, along the trimly-edged walk, and were at a stand still rather to the left of a long two-storied building which I knew was the Adelaide Hospital. Being a regulation visiting day (though why patients' friends should not be admitted every day 1 cannot conceive) there were several other conveyances about, and I heard the groans of one poor victim of the fiend Accident, as some attendants carried him inside with his shattered legs resting upon a rude stretcher of bai-e planks. I was soon standing under the porch amid a crowd of outdoor patients, male and female, who were waiting for medicines, which were dispensed by the proper official at a kind of pigeon-hole, greatly resembling the ticket window at a railway station, or the places where one purchases stamps and receives unsatisfactory replies to eager questions at a post-office. I turned to tell Mr. Stevens's boy that as most likely I should remain some time at ±he Hospital he had better drive away and come later for me; and then stopping a female who was hurrying by, with bare arms and a general appearance of undress I produced the scrap of paper which the nurse's mes senger had given me, and asked to see "Christopher Peetray, No, 315, "Victoria Ward." She immediately volunteered her guidance and started off in a hurry, hut hearing my crutches clumping over the boards slackened her pace and preceded me through several lengthy passages, where busy nurses hurried to and fro, and visitors like myself impeded the way—at last halting before a double door the upper panels of which had been taken out and panes of glass substituted. Over the doorway was painted in blaek letters "Victoria Ward;" and looking within I could see two rows of iron bedsteads each of which was occupied by some poor invalid who either slept quietly, or tried to read, or sat up and watched the nurses bustling about, or the convalescents slowly crawling up and down the ward. "This is the Victoria Ward, Ma'am," in timated my conductress, "where the patient as is named on the paper may be seen—you can go straight on, Ma'am, and the nurse will show you the bed where the patient is—I don't belong to this ward myself," and away she went. It would be useless indeed to attempt a j description of the feelings which moved me as I turned the door-handle and entered the Victoria Ward. All my old predictive in stincts at work suggested that something far beyond any ordinary occurence would mark this visit—an intense interest, greater than mere curiosity, burned within me as to how these involuntary portents would be ful filled. Au ineffable tenderness and pity also pervaded every thought and sensation—my poor friend Christopher! my dear friend Christopher! my friend Christopher! was all I could conceive. How was he? what was he? what resembled he? A little sharp featured nurse met me on my entrance,-and after I asked her to direct ine to Christopher Peetray, No. 315, she said— "Oh! you are Miss Aekworth, I suppose —the lady he asked me to send for ?" I said yes, that Christopher Peetray was an old friend of mine—a friend in whom I felt great interest—that had I known pre viously of his coming to the Hospital, I should have been to see him before. "He was only admitted two days ago, Ma'am, and yesterday morning the doctors held a consultation and considered his case quite hopeless, and hardly expected him to last through the night. It was then, Ma'am, after hearing what the doctor told him, and feeling he couldn't live much longer, that he made so hold as to send for you. For you see, Ma'am, his folks, as I believe, being but poor working people, and living some distance away, can't come and see him often —they were liere with him when he came, but won't be able to see him again before to morrow. He is going fast, Ma'am—in fact I was afraid he would die before you came, and I've hardly left him during the day—I doubt if he'll hold out much longer!" She was, as I said before, a sharp-featured little woman, but her face wore such a nice expression and her eyes beamed with so | much real sympathy as she spoke to me j of my poor friend, that my heart quite j warmed to her and I thanked her for the j kindly interest she had taken in the patient. ! She led the way through the files of bed- j steads, past a small wooden house, which I found afterwards was a lavatory, and turning to the left showed me an iron bedstead, ' I similar in every respect to the Test, placed in a recess near a -window, and upon which lay the stall form of the patient I had come to see. The nurse went ahead quickly and then returned— "He's just hist asleep, Ma'am 1 she said, " the first sleep he's had since he came here that you can call a sleep; and he is so quiet and gentle, poor man ! with a wretched cough which' seems to shake the heart out of him." A-small dog was coiled up upon the end of the bed, which jumped off wagging its tail when 1 came up, and evidently claimed recognition as an old acquaintance, then immediately resumed its post—only the rough, ugly dog Schneider I once gave Mrs. Janus, yet a true and most faithful friend. "The little dog would come, Ma'am, al though it's against the rules—we tried to take him away and send him back in the cart as brought the patient—but the dog howled quite pitiful-like, and the patient begged hard that the dog might be allowed to stay with him—so the doctor hadn't the heart to refuse the favour, and the dog has stopped where you see him ever since." " If you will be good enough to move that chair to his bedside," I told the nurse, "I will wait till he awakens—and thank you for the trouble." The chair was brought and placed fronting the window so that when I sat down the bed was between the window and myself with the other patients at my back. When last I saw Christopher Peetray he seemed to me the perfection of lusty man hood, big> vigorous, and handsome, without a blemish—without a fear in the roll of his cheery voice—the smile on his sunorownea cheek, and the happy sparkle of his eye. Bat what did the sullen, persistent rays which obstinately forced their way between the rain-drops and through the wetted glass —what was it—who was it that these rays of light lighted ? Whose long, grizzled locks were those which spread over the pillow ? whose was the bony arm and emaciated hand that rested on the counterpane? whose was the wrinkled, shrunken, macerated face —the hollow cheeks—the pointed chin—the attenuated, grisly throat—mver all of which moreover hovered a hideous, greenish tint, showing that the weary spirit belonged only for a while to this thing we call Life? Not my friend Christopher's! This en feebled, dying old man could not be my burly, honest, strong friend Christopher ? Yes! My Friend Christopher! TTis breathing was thick and heavy—drawn apparently against some internal obstacle which gave each respiration the sound of a faint moan. The light from the window fell over his cadaverous features and um lentingly displayed the ravages his great sorrow had made. Me lay on his back with the tired eyelids closed, and slumbering peacefully as one who has no further cares to trouble can only sleep. Presently his face changed from its look of dull repose— a beautiful smile gradually came, and his lips moved as if he were conversing with some one in the Dreamland. I sat and watched him and wondered—if the theory certain learned men entertain that in dreams our soul leaves its earthly covering be true— where the spirit of my friend Christopher had wandered, what it saw, and who it talked with! I noticed that over his head was hung a ticket, which told his name and number, age, date of admission, and religious denomination. On the upper part of the bedstead im mediately above his head, a strong cross piece was placed, and suspended therefrom a rope, with a smaller cross-piece lashed to its lower end, which enabled the patient to alter his position or raise himself with but little exertion. Everything about the ward was scrupulously clean—the nurses attentive, civil, and obliging as could be expected; but yet I question whether any of the un fortunate inmates, by any exercise of the will or imagination, could convey to them selves the idea that the spacious, airy Vic toria Ward, with all its comforts and con veniences, bore any soothing resemblance or was at all comparable to home, even though that home might he distinguished by meagre ness and poverty. The place was coloured blue about half-way up the walls, which were here and there decorated with well known prints and engravings—but, never theless, a peculiar look of bareness charac terized the Ward—an absence in short of the domesticity and trifling details found in every labourer's cabin—insignificant in them selves, perhaps, yet making a difference, decided and unmistakable. Poor Christopher! poor Friend! to die thus so far away from home, comparatively alone, with no distinctive individuality among his neighbours, the curable and incurable diseased; to be buried possibly the next day by the Government undertaker, driven to the cemetery in a Government coffin, placed in a Government hearse, and chargeable to Her Majesty the Queen, among a lot of sun dries, at nineteen shillings per head. The thought of his loneliness made me very sad, and I almost wished myself the possessor of some stupendous power, mighty enough to erase the past year from time, and restore things as they had been. The smile was still on Christopher's face when a horrible fit of coughing taking possession of him, racked his weak, emaciated frame, and seemed from the spasmodic twitches of Ms month to cause intense suffer ing. The nurse, evidently prepared for this, was by his side in a moment with a cordial ready, wMch, as he woke, she gave him. She partly supported him on her arm in a sitting posture as he drank with great effort and difficulty, and directly afterwards, unable to continue in any position but a recumbent one, be sank back exhausted upon the pillow, with bis eyes closed, silently fighting the great agony. Poor Schneider left his place and tried ! to comfort lfis master by licking one of the 1 clenched extended hands, as Christopher remained thus for a few moments, and then opening Ms eyes saw me for the first time. A bright, happy look glowed on his face wMch made him seem like the ghost of the Christopher of old times, and brought again to me the vision of that sunshiny afternoon, so near, and yet so far away. "Oh Miss Ackworth, Ma'am!" he said, "it's like your kindness to come and see me. God bless you for it. Schneider you see, poor fellow, he's the only one on'em here, he won't let us he parted, yet," as the dog went hack and crouched on the bed. Our hands were clasped, and the grasp of my friend, who was so soon to die, still, even in its weakness, retained some of the characteristic vigour and heartiness for wMch Christopher Peetray had been so famous. A voice so utterly unlike the common voice of mankind, so changed to a distant, uneartMy whisper, which now sank as to be almost unintelligible and then rose to a hard yet smothered sound—not a whisper, and yet by no means a voice—such a sound as I never heard before and pray God I may never hear again from any brother or sister of humanity. I bent over him, for his strength was fast failing even then, and violent paroxysms of coughing often stifled his words and tortured his body. I saw that Nature had well-nigh given way—that he was now npon the uncertain border- land, where the veriest threads of life but stayed his departure for the fairer country, and I knew that no to morrow's earthly sun would throw its rays over the sunken lineaments and wasted form of my Friend Christopher. "My poor, lonely Friend I" it is all I can say, all I can feel. "God bless you, Ma'am! for bein' here! with such a poor, dyin' man; I know the anchor's weighed and I'm sailin' for another port"—he had not" forgotten all his old sailor talk—"how soon, or how long, the good Lord only knows; in His mercy not long, I hops—not long!" He seemed quite resigned and even happy, his grateful eyes gave me thanks for the poor kindnesses done him and his. I said, "How happy you have made me, my dear Friend Christopher, words could not express. That I have been enabled through God's mercy— that I have had the privilege—of anyway helping you, is a source of joy almost unknown to me before I knew you. Is there anything I can do for you which you would like done, anything which would make this leaving life the easier for you, Christopher ? Tell me, I would beg yon, and it shall be done if lean do it." "Yes, Ma'am!" he replied; "IknoWdaad j felt you would, I was sure ot it, aud that's j why I made hold enough to ask you to come ; and see me." . I deprecated his referring to the assistance < givenby me his unworthy fellow- mortal; then he told me many things of his wife and him self, which the reader has found in their proper places, and he continued, "May God one more favour I venture to ask, and beg pardon for bein' so troublesome. I couldn't abear to be buried, along with the paupers, I couldn't die so happy if I know'd I should have to be drove to the cemetery in a Gov'ment coffin. And it isn't—no it isn't for the name of pauper, God knows it isn't for (hat, what would that matter? it's the bein' away so far from those I love. Bein'Jmried, as you may say, quite separate." I understood him perfectly and drew closer to his side to catch what he would next say, for the horrible whisper got thicker and more indistinct, as if all strength were quickly fleeting. '' Miss Ack worth, Ma'am," he went on, "I am so sorry to have been so useless- like and such a burden to everybody lately, how sorry, God alone knows, but my heart was broke. I died when she died, died afore she died, and was a-dyin' with her all that dreadful night," and again he shut his eyes as if to keep away some horror of his memory, " I couldn't abear to be a-lyin' inaGov'ment coffin so far away from my dear, darlin' Mary, I couldn't bear it. Mother and the j girls came with me, but, poor things, what ever can they do? Miss Ackworth J bein' \ quite unable to pay or do anythin' at all for it, I ask you, most humbly, if you will see me buried along with Mary and the Boy?" He turned his eyes eagerly upon me as he asked this last favour, as if, after all, the boon was so precious he could not be quite sure either of my will or power to do this for him. " I promise it my dear Friend!" I said, "as our Father above sees and hears us both, I promise that you shall be buried with Mary and the Boy." " Say it again, if you please. Miss Ack worth," and I repeated my promise. "Thank God—my good God—for his kindness, I can | die now quite happy. It's off my mind what has worrited me dreadful to think of." He lay quite exhausted, and yet with a brighter look than I had yet seen. " Do not talk to me if you cannot hear it, I Christopher. I will wait till you are stronger," and I wiped his parched lips with j my handkerchief. Here the nurse came up and again gave him a cordial which rallied and improved him for the time, but we both saw that a great i change had taken place—a change for the better, oh yes ! it must be for the better. "I shall go for the house doctor, Ma'am," she said, "if you'll stop here, I think the patient is dying," and she left me, moving quickly and noislessly away. Christopher motioned me to come nearer and I bent over him while the laboured breathing grew fainter and fainter, and his words, when he talked, were uttered with the greatest diffi culty and hardly to be heard. "Miss Ackworfcli! lie said feebly, "I dreamt I saw Mary just now. Slie was all in white, my dearest lass! and looked bright and happy just as she did that—that— mornia'. She had the Boy by her, and every thin' seemed bright and pleasant-like near her, and she smiled, just as she used to, and said ' Come, Chris, ^dear! come ! I have been waitin' for you so long.' I'm goin' to her, a-goin', fast." He paused and fell back on the pillow and then his eyes gleamed with unnatural light, : and a"beautiful, joyous look of peace and con tentment irradiated his face, then after a long silence he spoke again— '' Mary'll know me! yes, Mary! yes my darlin'! fm a-cominJ, d'rectly, Mary!" 1 At this moment the sun shone through a rift in the rain-cloud clearly and strong into the Victoria Ward and bathed the weary head in a glow of sunshine. The doctor hurried up, followed by the ' nurse, my Friend Christopher turned his glazing eyes upon me while a sweet smile played round his mouth. " Mary" his lips tried to say, then his gaze became a glassy stare, the smile faded, the head dropped, and all was over. The sunshine was hidden again. " He's dying!" said the nurse, pityingly. "He is dead!" the doctor corrected her. And so my Friend Christopher passed away. Died of a broken heart I proclaim to the world, died of a broken heart I take all to witness, died of a broken heart if ever any man died of a broken heart—if never any man died of a broken heart before. And he, the broken-hearted, was now with Him the healer of broken hearts. It is perhaps almost unnecessary to tell the reader that Christopher Peetray's last wish was sacredly respected, and he sleeps his last sleep near Mary and the Boy. Jimmy White and Ellen Jarvis were married some time ago—but Jimmy took to i drinking, and Ellen has become in con sequence a scolding slattern. Mr. Jarvis and Susie are getting still more useless to the poor mother, who is but a slave to their weakness and selfishness. Ho j doubt if they had chosen to help her it would have prevented their giving up the old house j and garden and hiring a smaller place. \ Schneider was given to Ellen, but be has never become attached to Ms new home, he does not seem to feel settled, and some times he pays me a visit and thrusts his shaggy head into my hand and looks wistfully up in my face with his deep affectionate eyes, and then quietly goes away again. 1 Mrs. Jarvis herself still calls as heretofore, but life lias ceased to have any enjoyment for her, she is always wearied, and wretched, and woe-begone. She sometimes tells me how cheerless everything seems, bow badly they are all getting along, and always con cludes by saying— '' Oh, Ma'am ! it would be so different if Christopher was here." Ah! if Christopher were here. But never again till we meet in a higher, a holier, a better land, shall I see My Friend Christopher. Fixis. 