AN EPISODE ON THE BALACLAVA CHARGE. . (From the London Scotsman.) The following purports to be an account, narrated by himself of the share taken by a John Paj'ne, alias " Butcher Jack'' of the 17ih Lancers, in the doings of.that glorious yet mournful day: " Well, you see, it was in the autumn of 1854 that the English and Frcnch armies ?were lying lovingly enough together in front of Sebastopol, that nut which took them such a time to crack. Our cavalry j had a camp of their own upon the hill side near Cadikoi, and the old ' Death's-head and Cross-bones,' to which I belonged, were there among the rest, forming part of the Light Brigade. We had a seperate commissary of our own, and handy men .were told off from the various corps to act as butchers. " I never was backward when there was any work to do, and when some fellows ?were moping helplessly in the tents, or goin^sick to hospital, every morning I ?was Knocking about as jolly as a sandboy, doing a job^here and one there, and always contriving to get more or less tipsy before nightfall. If you can drop across any of the; old-Crimean Light Brigade, just you ask them if they re member ' Butcher Jack,' of the Lancers, and see what the answer will be. I was as well known in the brigade as old Cardi gan himself, and in my rough, and tumble way got to be quite a popular character. Indeed, if it had not been for my inordi nate fondness for the drink, I might have got promotion over and oyer again. But I used to find my way shoulder-high into the guard-tent pretty regularly once a week, and more than once saved the skin of my back by being known as a willing useful fellow when, sober. 14One 4 slaughtering day' at the com missary we had killed, flayed, and cut up our number of beasts, and there was a lot of rum knocking about, fcr the Commisary Guard knew how to get at the grog, and were free enough with it among the butchers, for the sake of a nice tender steak. Paddy Heffernan, of the Royals, and I managed to get as drunk as lords before " we found time for a wash, and one of the Commissary officers came' across us while in this state, and clapped us in the guard-tent before we could say 'knife.' One place was as good as another to us, so we lay there contented enough all night, taking an occasional tot of a bottle which Paddy managed to smuggle into the tent where we were confined. It was getting on for morning before we dropped off into a heavy drunken sleej), out of which the Condnjan'deriin-Ghief himself would have had a hard job to have aroused us.' We must have had a long snooze, for it was broad daylight before we were awakened by the thundering of 'a tremendous can nonade close by, making the very tent poles quiver again. I still felt deucedly muzzy, for Commissary rum, as you would know if ever "you get . tight on it, is hard stuff to get sober off, yet I managed to pull myself together enough to know where I was, and could give a shrewd guess what all the row was. I sat up with the inten tion of hearing more about it from some of the guard,-but to my surprise.there was J not :a soul-in the tent but Paddy and my self and there was not even a sentry iipon I the door. So we both got up on end and had a stretch, and then walked coolly out of the guard-tent, only to find the camp utterly deserted, not a man being appa rently left in it. Turning into our tent, we sat down, and over a refresher out oi the inexhaustible rum bottle, we tried, in a boozy sort of way, to argue out the posi tion. From where, the camp was we could not see what was going on down in the valley by reason ofa low ridge which in tercepted the view, but we could tell it must be pretty warm -work . from the hot and continuous firing which was being kept up. At last says I to Paddy, 4 Why should we be out of the fun ?' Let's go up to the sick-horse lines and see if there be anything left there fit to put one-leg in front of another.' 'Agreed/ cries he, heartily enough, so I got hold ofa butcher's axe for a weapon, and he a sword and,.-half drunk as we were, and just in the condition we had left off killing the night before, we started off for the sick horses. But. it' was no go for a moment here, for there were but two brutes left, and one of them had a leg like a pillar letter box, while the other.was dovyn on the side, and did not look much, like risin°f again. Determined hot to be beaten, we started off oh foot,; and making our way round by the rear of the staff, who were on the edge of the little ridge, we dodged down into the valley Justin the rear of Uie position of the heavy cavalry " Fill the pot again, governor, and I may as well tell you it was Balaclava morning, and the heavies: had already charged the Cossacks, and emptied a good many saddles Russian horses were galloping about rider less and Paddy and myself parted company to give chase to a couple of these. With some: trouble I capture J my one, a tidy little iron grey nag, which 1 judged from the saddle and accoutrements must have been, an officer's charger. It was easy to see from the state of the saddle that the farmer rider had been desperately wonnded and the reins too were bloodier than a dainty man would have liked, but I was noways squeamish; and mounted the little horse in a twinkling. The moment I had got my seat: I galloped up to the Heavy Brigade, and formed up coolly on the flank of the old Royals. They laughed at me as if I had been a clown in a pantomime, and I had not been in position a couple of minutes when up came Johnny Lee, their adjutant, on his old bay mare, at a tearing gallop, and roared to'me to 1 Go to h- out of that.' There's no mistake, I was not much credit to them. T was bareheaded, and my hair was. like a birchbroom in a fit. I Was minus a coat, with my shirt sleeves turned tip to my shoulder, and my shirt, face, and bare hairy arms were all splashed and barked with blood, which I had picked up at the butchering the day before, and had never wiped off. A pair of long greasy jack-boots came up to the thigh, and in stead of a sword I had the axe over my shoulder at the slope as regimental as you please. The Russian must have ridden very short, for my knees were up to my nose in his stirrip, and so you may imagine that, taking me ail in all, I was rather a hot looking member, especially if you re member that I was fully half seas over. " The heavies were m position to support the Light Brigade, which had just got the word to advance. So, when the adjutant of the Royals ordered me off, I looked straight before me, and saw the Light bobs going out to the front at an easy trot, and on the right of the front rank I caught sight of the plumes in the lance hats of my own corps, the old seventeenth, My mind was made up on. the instant. Ramming my spurlcss heels into the ribs of the little Russian horse, I started off in pursuit of the Light Urigade as fast as I could make him go, with shouts of laughter from the heavies, and chased unsuccessfully by a couple of officers of the Greys, who tried to stop me lor decency's sake. As the light boba wore only advanced at a trot I wasn t long before I ranged up alongside their right flank, and there was old Hosey, -as we used to call Cardigan, well out to the front, and in front of him again was young Nolan of the 15th, with hTs sword down at the 'right engage' although we were a long way off any enemy. Just as I came up in line with the flank - sergeant of the front rank, who looked sideways at me as if I had been a ghost, Cardigan turned round in his saddle to say a wofd' to the field trumpeter riding at his heels, and then with a wave of his sword went off at score out to the front. In anothef second all the trumpets of the brigade sounded the ' charge,' and sitting down on our saddles and setting our teeth hard, off we went pell-mell across the valley as hard as ever horse could lay foot to the ground. Presently we got within range of the Russian battery which was playing right into our teeth, and I saw Solan, who was a long way out to the front, galloping as if for a wager, toss up his arm", and with a wild shriek fall from his horse. On still, we went, faster and faster as our horses got excited and warmed to their work, heedless of the torrent of shot that came tearing through us, and stopping for ever many a bold rider. As for myself, what with drink in me, and the wild excitement of a headlong charge, I went stark mad, and sent the plucky Russian horse ahead at a pace which kept me in line with the very fore most. Nearer and nearer we came to the dreadful battery, which kept vomiting death on us like a volcano, till I seemed to feel on my cheek the hot air from the cannon's mouth. At last we were on it. llalf-a-dozen of us leaped in among the guns at once, and I with one blow of my axeb rained aRussianjust as he was clam ping the linstock to the touch-hole of his piece. With another I split open the head^ of an officer who was trying to rally the artillery detachment in the rear, and then what of us were left went smack through the stragglers, cutting and slashing like fiends, right straight at the column of covalry drawn up behind the battery. What happened then, say you ? I can't tell you much more than this, that they were round us like a swarm of bees, and we, not more seemingly than a couple of . dozen of us to the fore, were hacking and hewing away our hardest, each individual man the centre of a separate melee. I know I never troubled about guards my self, but kept whirling the axe about me, every now and then bringing it down to some purpose, and ever as it fell the Hus kies gave ground a bit, only to crush denser round me a minute after. Still, nothing seemed to touch me. They dursn't come to close quarters -with the sword, for the axe had a devil of a long reach, and they dursn't use pistols, for they were too thick themselves. I'm hanged, if I don't think I should have been there till now, had I not chanced to hear above the din a trumpet from some where far in "the rear sound " Threes about." Hound I wheeled, still thrashing about me like a windmill, slap through the heart of the battery again, knocking over an artilleryman or two as I passed and presently overtook a small batch of men of various regiments, who under Colonel Sewell, of the' 8th, were trying to retreat in some kind of order. I was as sober as a bishop by this time, take my word for it, and I joined them right cheer fully, but the chances of getting back again to our own side of the valley looked very blue. The Russian cavalry were hard on our heels, and we suffered sorely from the devilish battery in our rear, which kept pelting into the thick of us, without much discriminatiotf beuveen fiiend and foe. The guns on those forts on our left, out of which the cowardly Turks had sheaked, and which had been pounced upon by the Russians, were not doing us much good neither, I assure * you, and it was all the world like being between the devil and the deep sea.^ Soon what little forma tion we had got was knocked to pieces, and then the word was ' Every man for himself, and God help the hindmost.' A young fellow of the 11th Hussars and myself hung together for a while, both of us try ing to make the most of our blown and jaded horses, but at last down he went, his horse shot under him and himself wounded; As the lad's' biishby rolled off, when his head touched the ground, he gave a look up at me which went to my heart, rough as it was. God pity him, he was little more than a boy, and I had a mother myself once. I was out of my saddle in a twink ling, and had him across the holsters and, myself in the seat again only just in time, for the Cossacks were down upon us like so many'l/wolves. Oh ! he was a* good plucked one'was that little Russian horse*, right gamely did he struggle with the double load on his back, and hurrah, here were the heavies at last, and we are safe. As I was riding to the rear, to give the wounded man' up to the doctor, I passed close under the staff, who were on the brow of the hill above me, but there was no notice taken of that I perceived. I rode up to our own camp, and by-and-bye a sergeant came and made a prisoner of me for the crime of breaking out of the guard tent when confined thereto- agserious military offence, I can tell you. I wasn't shot for it though, for next day I was brought in front ef Lucari, who was in conmand of the cavalry, and who told me that although he had a good mind to try me by court-martial, as, he said, I certainly deserved, he would let me off this time in consideration of the use I had made of the liberty I had taken, and perhaps he would do more for me if I kept sober. And that's how, Sir, I came by this little medal, which is Britain's re ward for distinguished conduct in the field. Thank you, Sir, l'H be sure to drink your health.*' 