[?] Catholic— Father WilliamB left Yass on Wednesday for Deniliquin, which mission he will in future have oharge of. The (Ecumenical Council, — The Southern Argua says : — The following extracts from a letter received by a gentleman of Yass from his brother at Rome, who is a clergyman, and one of the chaplains of the Council, has been kindly handed to us for publication : — ' Rome, Janu ary 12, 1870. My dear ? , I am here now nearly two months. I have met the four Aus tralian Bishops. I found your good bishop all you said about him, saintly, straightforward and warm-hearted. It is impossible even to give j you a faint idea of the grandeur of the opening of the Council. Imagine the effect of nearly nine hnndred mitred fathers dressed in the gorgeous robee of their high office, from every tribe, from every clime, from every people on the face of the earth, with the Vicar of Christ at their head. Here and there 'mid the throng of mitred heads of tho Western Rita rise the crown or tiara of some patriarch or bishop of the East, robed in the magnificent costume for which the Eastern Church was so remarkable in its palmiest days. The whole scene formed a coup d'ceil which filled with wonder and venera tion every eye that beheld it. How it recalled to our minds the days of the early Church, when the Holy Ghost defended on the first Pope (St. Peter) and the Apostles sitting around him, and when were gathered together to hear the divine wisdom that fell from his lips — ' Parthians, . and Modes, and Ekmites, and in habitants of Mesopotamia, Judca and Cap padocea, Pontus and Asia, Phrygia and Pam phillia, Egypt, and the parts of Syria about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews also and proselytes, Cretes and Arabians ; we hear them speak in our own tongues the wonderful works of God.' I Bhall never forget the thrill which ran through me when the Holy Father, raising his venerable hands to heaven, while the whole assemoly ieil down oerore mm, invoeea tne blessing of God on the whole Church, urba et oria, on the city, and the world. ..... Do not belie ce a eiagle word of the newspaper reports you see. The CouBcil is alrsady a great success, and there is no division amongst the fathers. However, nothing whatsoever is known of what takes place within the Council, nor will be known till the whole is published with the »aaction of the entire Council iteelf. You will easily understand that if fchia rule was not strictly carried out every question which is to be brought before the Council would be pre judged and decided ouls of doors by the erring voices of prejudice and party- spirit before it could be even brought under the calm judgment nt fr.ho ass^mhifid fathers. We have here repre sentatives of the pr»sa of Europe and America of every shade of opinion, and it would be amusing, only for its uniruthfulness, with what perverse ingenuity they furnish daily and weekly reports of the proceedings within the Couneil. Their information is msdo up of eafe goaaip and mere conjecture, and thay pretend to know thingB which are totally unknown to us, and some of which will never even b« brought before the Council at alL The moat of thec« reports are got up to suit the English Protestant palate, and it is extraordinary with what avidity they — that otherwise a clear- headed people— swallow such nonsense. The groat intelleotual element amongst the English- speaking prelates is mostly rish, or of Irish descent. Some of the latter from America have greatly distinguished thorn selves. All the Australian bishops at the Council speak of you? friend (Dr. M'Alroy) in the highest terms, and coafirm all you have written about him. I will write again by the next mail.' A Militia Cavalry Corps —The Western Post observes on tho above subject -.—Why not utilise what is how running to waste ? We have the material for furnishing this colony with as dashing and effective a naouatad yaomanry as ever existed in any country. Throughout the colony men would join the various loeal corps, and a spirit of emulation would be evoked which it would be impossible to produee in a foot regiment. Sydney has her artillery and rifle men ; she would ba none the worse, in case of need, for the reinforcemeBt of a few troops of horse, armed with earbines. The mere fact of finding a military occupation suited to the taste of the majority should Jiave weight ; discipline produces nerve and steadiness. A cavalry soldier, if employed on foot, is fa* saperior to a recruit, simply because the training he ban un dergone. Not the least recommendation of thiB plan, would be its cheapness. In New Zealand, in the Auckland proviee, more than oae troop of volunteer cavalry exists, which never coat the public one peuny ; every expense being defrayed by the ti oopers thetpsel ves . In this colony there should be no difficulty ia raising companies in many district*, and brigading them when a favorable opportunity offered . The Denominational School, Yass.— ? We understand tkat Mr. Pembrowke, teacher of St. Clement's Church of England school at Ya«a, who has been under BUBpeneion for some weeks has been dismissed by the council of education for improperly keeping the returns connected with the school, especially tho returns of the at tendance of pupils. Mrs. Shannon of St. Augus tine's Roman Catholic school hAS attained a clas sification in accordance with the scale of the coun cil of education. GoulbtWR Herald. Body Found.— The dead body of Mr. Daniel Lenane, of Richlands, drowned while crowing the Woilondilly, at the Old Township, on Tuesday last, was found this morning at the further end of tho long reach below Stewart's garden. Dr. Waugh held as inquest on tke body to-day, and a verdiot of accidental death by drowning was returned. Tlie report bbat doeeased had £60 on hia person when he wa3 unfortunately drowned i% a mistake, no greater sum than 5s., his son has said, being on him at the time of the ac cident. GOULBURN MKAT-PeKSEEVINO COMPANY. — Ne are in receipt of a report from the directory of this company, and an introductory letter from the secretary. The proprietary is very strong and influential, numbering 201. The Melbourne meat preserving company in the past half. year cleared a profit of £9000 on a capital of £35,000, which is rather more than 50 per cent. The first half year of their existence after commenc ing operations they cleared at and after the rate of 30 per cent. Greater profits may be antici pated from the establishment of the Goulburn company, as the climate and position are super ior to that enjoved by the Melbourne company, and the buildings here cost a mere nominal ren tal. Squatters and graziers will find the local company a profitable investment, as in addition to large profits, an absorbing market will be open for the sale of cattle and sheep. The directors report states :— By reason of the inquiries con tinually being received from gentlemen desirous of becoming shareholders, as well as from those already interested in the Goulburn meat- preserv- ing company, as to the prospects and present condition of the company, it was considered desirable that a concise report should be pub lished, illustrating the progress already made j this has accordingly been done, and the direc tors now beg to submit the same for the ad vantage of those for whom it was prepared. It being found requisite to repair and alter the pre mises rented by the company, specifications of the work to be effected were prepared, and tenders at once called, and the directors have much pleasure in announcing that the necessary . outlay will be very moderate indeed, being con siderably less than was at first anticipated. Your attention is specially directed to the fa vourable comparison which can be instituted between the economical position of the Goulburn company as compared with the expenditure of the Melbourne company, for whilst the former ? holds the whole of its premises and large grazing paddocks at a gross rental of £410, the Mel bourne company expended £23,037 8s. lOd, en premises, experiments, machinery, and plant ere getting fairly to work. The Melbourne com pany aho pays a yearly rental of ±.17UU tor its paddocks, land being very valuable in and about Melbourne. The coat of the machinery, plant and alterations entered into by the Goulbura company will not exceed £2500, which at 10 per cent, per annum is equal to £250 of yearly in terest. A suitable site has been chosen for the erection of the slaughter- house, a plan has been prepared and tenders called, and the building will be erected with all possible dispatch. A time contract for the necessary machinery has been entered into with an engineer of great ex perience in the manufacture and erection of meat-preserving works. — Southern Argus. Gun Accident. — A person named Whybrow or Whyburn residing on the flat near the Mao quarie, has been in the habit of keeping a gua loaded with shot to shoot birds and other unin vited visitors in his garden ; and when he doe3 not otherwise discharge the gun he withdraws the shot and discharges the powder. On Satur day afternoon lkst he drew the charge of shot from tho gun and being satisfied that it was all abstracted, be called out to his son, who was playing marbles near ' look out Bill' and, pre senting the gun, fired. An alarm was at once raised that the boy was shot, and the father in a state of great alarm ran to him, and found him suffering from a gunshot wound immediately above his left ear. The father at once proceeded with the boy to Dr. Machattie, who on examina tion ascertained that the slight wound oh the head was produced by one grain of shot having penetrated the skin. Af ber probing the wound the docter said thijfa no danger was to be appre hended. We shoSSKi think that this will he a lessen to the father not to play at shooting again. — Bathurst Free Press. 