WESLEYAN CHURCH EXTENSION AND SUSTENTATION SOCIETY. THE annual meeting of the Wesleyan Church Extension and Sustentation Society, which on Wednesday last week was postponed on account of the inclemency of the weather, was held last night in the York-street church. The weather was but little, if at all, more propitious than it was last week, but the attendance was perhaps somewhat more numerous. The Rev. GEORGE HURST, President of Conference, opened the meeting with devotional services, after which, on the motion of the Rev. H. H, GAUD), Mr. John Dawson was appointed to preside. On the platform, besides the President of Conference (Mr. Hurst), and the Chairman of be District (Mr. Gaud), were the Revs. B. Chapman, R. Sellors, F. T. Brentnall, W. Kelynack, W. Clark, F. W. Wind W. M. Bennett, Dr. Moffat, Mr. E, Vickery, and several other gentlemen. The CHAIRMAN, in his opening address, laid before the meeting the objects aimed at by (his society, the success which has followed its operations, and the necessity for increased liberality which that success has imposed upon the members of the Wesleyan branch of the universal Church. 'This year, after payment of the ordinary and necessary charges upon the fund, the committee had but a little over £1500 for distribution, while the applications for id amounted to over £3000. They had added a further sum of £700 to the loan fund, which is now a floating mass of £7000, and from which, since its establishment, not IBBS then £11,000 has been lent, without interest, for the relief of chapel and other trusts, which moneys, coming back year by year, with such naming additions as circutn+la«ce!i may favour, will go on increasing in amount and us ful- ness lijEg alter the present generation shall have passed away. The Rev. B, CHAPMAN then read the following': - The seventh report of the Wesleyan Methodist Church Sustentation spen Extension Society for New South Wales. The income of this Society from all sources for the year ending September 30. 1869, Is £5970 18s 10d., and is larger than that of several preceding years. On the mm above stated. £1107 6s. 8d. has been raised by the voluntary contributions of our friends throughout the colony. The aub the. increase in the amount of income: is not very large, as: ibvcooiinittronre (gratified to find that it is due to an improvement in the mhtcripiior-s from the majority of the circuits in New South Wales, and they trust, therefore, that they are winriintiiltoi'neîiilge the expectation of necessary!-" by year;. By the Divine his sins upon our Church. assist ore Ute d. Minutes, slim chic s, fine homes are wanted in a'" society is urgently appeals into fur material and every TVI this our evangelistic efforts may not thinnish, but that-Th . ' stimulus and encouragement may be afforded to Christian '5? > biSicuur diligence m S nciet»'. operations, only a lively year (he > ioe.Cj,""rff0 no constituency to ,,t:.'h"^ as a hire car? Vnr ... the funding -h" I "J""' f3l> Australia loioiDoiraiii conference circuits, call it in (his. run.,. of the committee that. a? regular annual increase as., I "66 small in amount, may be warning! by greater eiiliRcncc I" W1 ¡nginfrimntionresptciitig the society', operations in a careful canvassing of every circuit. 1 . number of circuits entering the can legitimately appeal for help; stating assistance rendered by the funds of "the Hill--"'' -Pa" various interests of our Church, strengthens its ciSn'í'.i'í6 hearty support of the Methodist people-. " ' year The number of Church" members in this colony, accord them in returns made to the last Ctii.fereiice, is 5114, will;,'-, v.. ? shewing an increase of 14 -The committee rejoices .'.",', ' city. and in the spiritual life of which it is hoped to ?? r 'a, a token. ¿ > i < \- - . "" '- ---'Is Three intuitional ministers have been appointed by .<,<. r" ference to important fields of labour in New south Wal n e?" Fiqucnoc of which greater demands will he made me as society's funds. One is sent to strengthen our staff engine portant city of Newcastle. There is in that city and its cause" a large and promising field of Christian usefulness; noel (-'C., G" ino embarrassment of the circuit arising chiefly out of J.f of whelming debt upon the church, an additional ra.D,fê-",vruî! long ago have been placed upon the ground. Atlencf'o bvS liberal and generous idea of this society, that made it "a debt in in the process of Speedy removal. so it has become "": unable to appoint a second minister, and it is fervently certain, measure of 111 issue in great spiritual good. ' '"m lil the last year's report this paragraph, occurs: see cm matter would like to plant a minister at Port Course near Bathurst district, and at Deniliquin, in the Goulburn } 'she's but at present they have not the means " That with a 35 V.!? realised. A minister is now stationed at Fort Bourke, weeks will have the opportunity of preaching the gospel uses a J. IS not named. . ' "u One has also been sent to Deniliquin. This oppoin'P'ni has been hastened, and, we believe, properly to, by the form, in. a society here last year, by the Welling of Girt upon lessen labours of a member of our Church, who removed to-day from Victoria. Theory of the few McthoeliBis In that far off-- --i' in "come over and help us has been responded to, and a further s now settled among them, These brethren will, we are more have the sympathy of our Church, as well as our prices tea' they be abundantly useful in the conversion of souls. " Requests in behalf of other promising localities, the: ri austere might be sent, had to be postponed for the prcEtDt, na the Conference had not the men available. The committee re. Lamsey earnest prayer to the Lord of the harvest that he well set forth labourers into his harvest." In the meantime we green pelled to seek herefrom England. Three ministers hue bits tent for, and the expense incurred in bringing them to the widow will be borne by this society. In each district in the colony there are some circa'.:? Attewell yet are unable to sustain their ministers entirely visitor: c distance. travel the following amounts in aid have been g: rare, » be elltttlbiiteo among the most are cessions circuits by uc news. clol district meeting».:-Sydney district; £275; Beauty once JUST ; Maitland ditto, £201) and Goulburn elmo, £100, To SM in the settlement of married ministers, for furnishing : Ei'auin, £100 ; Berrima, £70; UllMcîira7n second grant, £5); M fui terfield, £60. i< A, B's licenses rindering'nsBlStancc in the settlement of ron <\':t in various parts of the colony where they are required, :; :s iv, in the province of this society could, according to its means Sa the erection of churches, schools, and mwUlcrV houses, and to the liquidation of áebtrimuining'un line Church property. The following grants to churches have'beenmnde, largely: Gerringong,. Kiama Circuit, £30 ; Bald Hills, Mudgee Ore i-" set and vase, £150 ; towards the debt at Tempe, £20, of coal i of that £40 be raised ; Waverley, £50 ; Newcastle, special am: sor ditional upon the accomplishment of a plan to entirely by is the church of debt, £500.' The committee are gratified to be able to report that insects ? able increase of church accommodation has been provided times the past year. The church at Surry Hills has been engaged! at < cotton £2350. Churches have been built at the following- places namely. Sackville Reach, cost £300; Regentville, say. His name, £230; Fairfield, £2; town Utxbnm, £53 ; ry. lawn, £350; New Lambton, £103; Bark Creek:, £37 ; yVollnab'.il»; Wallabadah. £135-, FernMount, Bellinger. River, £60 ; City ding-dong, £50 ; Blackman's Point, £50 ; Moree, £130 ; i'- From, £300 Bomb Gundagai, £100 ; ex Canberra, £35. Scn-jQitcoas have been built at Waverley at a cost of £700. It is articled strike regulations applicable to the above cans have been offered, and, if so, thcdcbircmaining stills under one-third! of centre cost. ,. .. - In addition to the above erections a house has been jumped' at Morpeth for the minister's residence, towards when 1/5 has been granted, and the erection of a parsonage has Various - pleaded Binglfon, the cent of vi h this State. towards ah that additional grant of £75 MB been made. The committee regard the possession of parsonages seen a debt as of very great importance to our progress is em n, UBd thce-octtty Is, by its rules, conditionally pledged M J te liberal aid fixed sid in their erection. These rules of it, m5 believed, dead) stimulated and encouraged caucus 1 * ? is cancelled, and it is much to be desired that our ii tents a on various circuits will determine to me in ilienucHis 01 the oiHcd aid, and, as soon as possible, secure a residence for the r I n I the, free from debt. by means of the loan fund further assistance has been to a jnr rendered in order to the liquidation of debt upon our cor u and property. Loans are under offer to the trustees of Wesley Cher a, Cop pendula, of 100th, to Beresford in SIMS years, Durva.»iwcijriii, £10, to be returned in four years, Oriente church and parsonage, £150, to be paid back in iUc'jears, Wavcr'tv, vindication team, making the entire loan area, to be repaid in seven years, and was castle church, £1000, to be refunded In seven years is their loans arrangements are made to pay our debt to its ..-OJC; 0! £1632 in sty can years The loan fund has already rendered good service to outer rich. The first sum which was lent mas in the year still, -I see that period to 18011 no less an amount than 1774 rai seen women in different times, without interest, thus has ng r br- evens and husbanding the resources of twenty-six. Uiifei t trees-. in various parts of the colony. If generously supper ii iii wisely administered, the fund will prove to be a great, b E- T, B yiBiBtocome The committee art 1 id to have been i t, from the needs of the Society for the panther, conduction 1 re 10 he capital of this land." In concluding their report of the society's work during the past year, the committee earnestly have no white man disputing degree the prayerful sympathy and the liberal support. of the people generally, but especially of all adherents of our Church, It is undoubted that the Methodist Church occupies a: 'li , into . mont a very important position among the evangelistic asides of this land, This position of usefulness and responsibility is no doubt primarily due to the blessing of God upon her faithful ministration of the Gospel and to be wise and suitable- Church. i organisation, but it is certain that very much is due nhn to our financial economy, by which the debts of our people sr. combined and concentrated so as to contribute " to preach ..:. splendid holiness throughout the land," And the spiritual necessities of the colony are such that her agencies cannot by any means be spared. There is abundance of work for all the Ca relies, far more indeed than all united can soon overtaken. The needs of our city and larger towns are gmt and pressing; those of the country are -;:'.:e as urgent. The recent land policy of the colony has concerns "left to scatter the people more w lately abroad, and thus to increase our work. It it for the Churches to provide needful religious order ' notices. And their wisest course is to be up and doing, and cut to allow the work to get into arrears. The Methodist Church is called upon to take her share of the responsibility. Pt" ass not done all the can. There is yet in Methodism a power of work of wealth and of prayer, which has not been developed, is: using all we can," to end forTh able and willing labourers into One Lord's harvest, co vee may assist in saving souls from death. let i us help to spread the Gospel of our salvation into the remotest parts of the colony, till the knowledge of Our Lord SEIBOTH: 1 the land, as the waters cover the sea." \- Thorley. H; H. GAUD) moved,-" That the i ar.r.ow read be adopted and printed; and that this racehorse offers) its thanks to Almighty God for the success with: wheats has crowned the efforts of the Wesleyan Church in this colony during the past year, as seen in the erection of churches, the occupancy of new stations, the employment of additional ministers, to, the increase of members; and it earnestly prays that, in order to greater usefulness, she may be favoured with a more abundant outpouring of the Holy Ghost." The motion was seconded by the Rev. F. W. AV.iKi); who having been labouring in the districts of Bathurst Orange, and Mudgee, and in the Western Gold-field;, spoke of the success which has followed the labours of the society's missionaries in those parts. The motion was carried unanimously. The Rev. P. T. BHEM'XALL, of Windsor, moved, C! ' this meeting willingly recognises the very valuable ¡>'!8t" race which this society has already been enabled t interest in the establishment and maintenance of the ordinance on? the Wesleyan Church in this colony and in view of the urgent spiritual wants, both of city and country¿jselges itself to a steady and generous support of its fund The motion was seconded by the Rev. W. M. l>">'"E'rT> of Windsor. Both speakers cited circuits in what 'they have laboured, as instances of the great advances of fl ferred upon the Wesleyan Church by the assign this society has been enabled to afford, and the renown was unanimously adopted. On thcmoiicnof the Rev. thoPiiESiDENTof conference, seconded by the Rev. li, SELLOHS, the cordial thanks of the meeting were presented to the executive afiloT c3m" , mittees, and the officers of the society, and to be collector?, ( for their valuable services during the past year- A vote of thanks was passed to," and was variably a more lodged by, the chairman. The meeting AS then terminated by turning a doxology, and the benedict pronouncedly the Prebideutof Conference. l., ,-,,,.,I..M.I 