THE SKETCHER. A CRUISE AMONGST THE SOUTH SEA ISLANDS Some years back a cruise in a colonial whaler meant two or more years of hard life, dangerous work, poor pay, and poorer living. Still there were exceptions to the rule, and the voyage of the Waterwitch in 1859 was one. I was a member of her crew; and, although too young at the time to receive any very vivid impressions of what I saw, I still remember what a new life it opened up to me. A man leaving bustling, noisy, crowded centres of civilisation, and sailing to the South Sea Islands, is not always prepared for the novel world he is introduced to. After weeks of association with a large, lonesome, primitive wilderness of sea, he finds himself amongst paradises, where the features of nature remain as they were in the "morning of the world." There he meets with everything almost as it was in the beginning of days: there he finds society existing under its old primeval conditions, and there, if he happens to be a dreamer, he might possibly conjure up a fancy that he had strayed from the Present into that far away Past, when the earth was as a superb poem—one full of freshness, sweetness, and light. The Waterwitch started from Sydney early in the year mentioned, and sighted Norfolk Island about a fortnight afterwards. There we put in with a view to the purchase of sweet potatoes, which are cultivated by the residents on a somewhat large scale. The island lies due east of Australia, a little to the north of the point where the Richmond River empties into the sea, and about a day's sail southward and westward from the vol- canic mass known as Wallace's Island. It is in the form of a long but not lofty ridge, sloping gradually on two sides to the sea, but present ing, at the other two ends, precipitous descents, with even more uncompromising features than those at Wilson's Promontory. Although in a semi-tropical climate, it is probably the only tract of land south of the equator where the grass attains the cool rich greenness of that growing in English meadows. Its Flora is something sui generis. The "stock" tree, as most readers know, is the beautiful pine that takes its name from the island, but it is almost rivalled in symmetry by many of its local brethren. To sum up, the surface of Norfolk Island is like that of a "well- ordered" English park, with these differences, that the trees of the former possess a more subdued loveliness, and are laid out by nature herself after a more regular fashion. It never appears to have had aboriginal inhabitants. At the end of last century, it was formed into a station for English convictsof the worst class, and it continued to be so down to the year 1856, when transportation to it ceased. At that date, the settlement was broken up, and shortly afterwards, the island was given over by the Government of New South Wales to the interesting descendants of the "Bounty" mutineers. At the time of their transfer from Pitcairn to Norfolk Island, they, the descendants, numbered about 150 souls; but when we called, two years afterwards, George Adams, the patriarch of the race, informed us that the population had greatly increased. As may be surmised, they are "tillers of the ground," though the latter is so fertile that it does not need much tilling. The men as a rule are tall, fine-look- ing fellows, with a Spanish cast of skin; and the beauty of the women is enough tp make a susceptible heart ache for months after seeing it. They speak English with a precision that might be copied with great advantage by many English people themselves. It is pretty well known that they are of the Christian faith, though the vigorous code of morals adhered to by them may not be so familiar. Drunkenness is unknown amongst them; and a thief or a swearer, when detected, is immediately banished from the island. Emi- grants of an eligible class have always re- ceived a hearty welcome at their hands; in- deed, within the last few years they adver- tised, through the medium of the New South Wales Government, for a specified number of unmarried mechanics, and to each of these they offered 10 acres of land, together with a wife to be selected from the daughters of the island—a rather novel, but doubtless most effective, way of doing business. So much for this lovely little colony and its inha- bitants. A day later we passed Wallace's Island, a rugged block of volcanic rock without in- habitants and almost destitute of vegetation. Off here we captured our first whale. Five months followed, during which we cruised to and fro within the limits of the "Three Kings Whaling Ground," an area of sea lying directly north of New Zealand, but as a considerable distance from the nearest point of land, At the end of the time we "bouted ship," "slipt into the summer of the world," steering for that glorious group known as the New Hebrides. Of all the South Sea Islands,i the New Hebrides are the most beautiful; but at the same time, the aborigines, as a rule, are far more degraded and savage than any of their neighbours. Certainly the efforts of zealous missionaries have brought about a better state of things in at least two of the group; but Tanna, Erromanga, and Esprit del Santo, the largest and most important of them, remain as they were. In Anietum, or Annatum, the natives are singularly under the control of the different European clergy- men stationed there; but at Tanna, the queen of the lot, missionaries are "tabooed" altogether. This island is remarkable for its magnificent volcano; for the hot springs abounding at the bases of the mountain; and for the picturesque little harbour known as Port Resolution. The latter was discovered and entered by Captain Cook during his last voyage. The Tannese, in common with the aborigines of the adjacent islands, are of the Papuan type. They are divided into about half a dozen tribes; and these are almost perpetually at war with one another. A battle which took place during our stay between the rival factions of Deloya and Alkanna had the effect of inspiring a poetical member of our crew with the following elegy. It is anent the grief of a chieftain's daughter over his dead body. As it is probably the first and only set of verses ever written in Tanna, it is offered as a literary curiosity:-- She knelt by the dead in her passionate grief, Beneath a weird forest of Tanna; She kissed the stern brow of her father and chief, And cursed the dark race of Alkanna. With faces as wild as the clouds in the rain The sons of Kerrara came down to the plain, And spoke to the mourner, and buried the slain. Oh! the glory that died with Deloya. "Wahina," they whispered, "Alkanna lies low, And the ghost of thy sire hath been gladdened, For the men of his people have fought with the foe Till the rivers of Warra are reddened." She lifted her eyes to the glimmering hill, Then spake with a voice like a musical rill, "The time is too short—can I sojourn here still?" Oh! the youth that was sad for Deloya. "Wahina, why linger," Annatanam said, "When the tent of a chieftain is lonely? There are others who grieve for the light that has fled, And one who waits here for you only!" "Go, leave me," she cried, "I would fain be alone; I must stay where the trees and the wild waters moan; For my heart is as cold as a wave-beaten stone." Oh! the beauty that mourned for Deloya. "Wahina, why weep o'er a handful of dust When the souls of the brave are approaching? Oh, look to the fires that are lit for the just And the mighty who sleep in Arrochin!" But she turned from the glare of the flame-smitten sea, And a cry like a whirlwind came over the lea— "Away to the mountains and leave her with me!" Oh! the heart that was broke for Deloya! Arrochin is the name applied to their heaven, which they believe lies somewhere beyond the sunset. The evil spirit of their mythology resides in the volcano; and as in the case of the Maoris, it is to the demon only that prayers are offered. They argue that the good Spirit, who lives under the sea, and who will one day come up and quench the burning mountain with his breath, does not need supplications, he being always kind. In point of civilisation these people are far below the Malay type; their huts are built after the rudest fashion; their canoes are merely hollowed logs. The women are in- variably dirty and ugly, and the men are not much better. The latter are incorrigible liars and thieves. As to the island, its beauty is almost unrivalled; and it is far and away the most fertile of the group. Here you can get a boatload of cocoanuts for a set of fishing tackle; and yams, taro, sweet potatoes, sugar-cane, mummy apples, pigs; fowls, &c.;, may be had at rates of barter whose cheap- ness would puzzle the head off of—say a stall- keeper at the Eastern Market. On and in the vicinity of the equator, several degrees to the eastward of the New Hebrides, lie the Kingsmill Islands, an archi- pelago of coral formation. These are inhabi- ted by one of the most intelligent races in the South Seas. The men are fine strapping fel- lows of Malay origin; and the beauty of the women is quite equal to that of their sisters of the famous Marquesan Islands. The members of both sexes are as agile in the water as a fish; indeed, we took one fellow away with us who was an overmatch at close fight for any shark extant. For in- stance, on one occasion, during a calm, he observed a sea- turtle floating lazily on our beam, and a gigantic "sea-lawyer" in the distance making for it. Now, as from a Kanaka point of view sea-turtles are valu- able both on account of themselves and the roof they live under, "Tarbucket" deter- mined to "have it out" with his approaching sharkship. Accordingly, armed with a jack knife and deaf to dissuasion, he jumped over board, and the combat straightway began. But as the slow and awkward tactics of a shark in attacking an enemy are pretty well known, it may he presumed that the strong and skil- ful human swimmer in the present case soon had the odds fairly on his side. The poor turtle in the meantime had no option appa- rently but to look on. The contest, however, was of short duration. The Kanaka having contrived, by a series of swift, and clever lunges from beneath, to disembowel his enemy, the latter made off, and the passive turtle tell into the hands of the victor. The Kingsmills are much flatter and poorer than the most of their southern neighbours. Some of them are not to be seen at a distance of 8 miles, but Ocean and Pleasant Islands, the most northern members of the cluster, are very much more elevated. The first named is the site of a cave said to be the largest in the world. The entrance is hardly capa- cious enough to admit a man; but the size of the first hall, I have heard, is something marvellous. It is estimated to be a mile in length, about a furlong in breadth, and from four to five hundred feet in height. Pleasant Island is, as its name signifies, a place that would suit your most luxurious lotus-eater. Tennyson's ideal description in Enoch Arden fits it exactly. The natives, by the way, are "sons of Anak," averaging in height between six and seven feet, and being pro- portionably broad. They, like the rest of their brethren in the group, live principally on cocoanuts, ground nuts, poultry, and fish. The stern look in the eye of the editor reminds me that I am overrinning the space allotted to me; and I must therefore bring this sketch for the present to a close. After our departure from the Kingsmill grou, we visited Tahiti, Rorotonga, the "Navigators," Sunday Island; then, running to the south, we touched at the Auckland Group, the "Bishop and Clerk," Campbell's Island; and finally, in latitude 72, we found ourselves in dangerous proximity to the Antarctic continent— "That white South Land AIone with God and silence in the cold." Of these places, perhaps I may be allowed to write at some convenient future period. 