BY "KELP." CHAPTER XIV. MARY, who we left in a fainting-con dition on a doorstep, came to herself and , consciousness in a room of res pectable appearance, in which were two men and a woman beside herself, who was with womanly tenderness ad ministering restoratives to her-and on Mary exhibiting signs of consciousness she immediately waived the men out of the room, who obeyed her dictates and she was left alone with Mary, who', poor girl, having relieved her over charged feelings in a flood of tears, told her pitiful story, or rather the more salient incidents of it, and in re turn for her confidence asked where she was ? The woman assured her she was with" at least a friend, a woman, who would protect her. That woman was the lost, degraded Mrs. Melville;! but she inwardly vowed to stand by the unprotected .girl, and she kept her word! . " , ,V' "", Abedwas improvised for, Mary, and she was got to rest-and after a night of unrest and distioi'bed mind was found considerably ill, .Svith all* the'symptoms of..|brain fever; with; deliriunij .and/jail the distressing effect's of" that sad ?afflic tion'.1' 'A medical,' man^vais' called; in andipresciibed; for her; and-Mrs. Mel? ville tended-!' her. with: the' care^the affection of a sister. :-StrahgC; anomaly: that,one,.wHo. had, as .'.it'.^yere, severed all ties that bound her.to the society-of the1 good a!nd^igbt:minded's^ preserve' one (redeeming .. characteristic ? sympathy for one -in; distress.^;.v Surely: this one bright trait shall weigh against much1 evil at the laSra^untT-^Poor Mary, during her, light-headed .^periods had often call on "Nethersole'.'ito: save her'from the impending horrors which her; disturbed; '.brain, ^threatened1'.'Her with; at. another time she held imag inary conversations " with -her1 dead mother, or babbled 'of .happier^ days long past. Fpr.spm'e weeks tnesfevef raged upon and;consumed! her,;still Her disinterested :;riurse;;''faithfully per formed ilier!:self-imposeci; duty,, and was rewarded. by Mary's:; awakening calm, but .weak . still-the 1 return of -intelr iigence in tlie eye, and 'in, the general expression, told.that; the,fever'had;,left Her-r^the .medical^ man . oiv. seeing; her confirmed''. this, and 'prescribing care and a mote liberal reg;imen he declared Her convalescent. ? ???'??.< r . i '? As soon as'Mary was able<! to-sit up,' the womanly; curiosity :of' Nellie drove: tor.'to'..try. and find out ;who Mary had referred to in'her delirium.» "She had known a: MrJ:Netliers(6te' and; she was, of: course^' l.an^pus^^'knpw; if ? they were identical-a ( few questions: were sufficient,' and Nellie'was soon in . pos sessipn'.pf so much'.aslour, readers al ready know.. . Ji -. '-?U'-May JI;" said Maryy " now asky in return for my confidence, to' whom. I am indebted for, so -much kindness,? and how IJ can' ever; repay you} and Mrs.' I really do not know your name beydricl Nellie ? " ?.> " Never mind that, my dear,''? kindly responfle'd'^'JIfelliej" "'.you will know Eonip/'d^y,.aiidi it is not advisable;that yoii shoilld " know at:'present; and-1 orilty'thaiik '.Gpd. that'I'liave, been able to aoa some" good ' for' all'' the ...wrong;,of which I.have, been .guilty," and here poor Nellie fell into a-yery passion? of tears..Mary whisperecl some'calming remarks.,to her, and it|was understood betweeh' them that the subject should vnpt .be referred to, till. Nellie sawfit .to teliiher who she was, &c.; . *, .( During the time that Mary lay ill;iii' Collingwood, on a dark, cloudy bight, some half-dozen men shoved off, in a superannuated ship's boat from the' old Queen's Wharf and headed'down the Yarra--it was clear that they wish ed to escape observation as much as possible! as > they maintained a. strict silence, and merely paddled sufficiently to,', get into the influence of the tide, and then dropped noiselessly down till past the shipping moored on the mar gin of, the river,"' and when well pa&t; they commenced to pull vigorously down to the mouth of the river. : At a little latter hour a boat.manned.by four men: apparently .watermen, put oft' from the bit of pier'M'ork atiLiardet's Beach or.Sandridge and'directed their course towards the red beacon at'thc mouth' of i.tlie ; Yarra,- wherecthey layi on: their oars, as if to wait for some other party; the bells on board the various ship3 told that it was half-past';seven,'and the people in the boat; from. Sandridge, of whom Melville.was one;'.;and'seem ed to , exercise a degree of command, became imjiatient.at.the,non-arrival of the cxpected party. " Perhaps the\old boat wont liold: .water," suggested one. , .:Perhaps . so me; - o 11 ' u i n ? s ? go n e v an d got'pinched' for suflun," ventured' the Old Bloke. , _, _ , , , , " Hold your infernal noise,will you," growled Melville, .''.there's something coming-down now, l ean hear*the sound i of' their oars-pull in .quietly, under the beacon-it mnght ,be .theopolice boat, though it is not very likely.-'Now who's gofc.the matches ?-pull1- threeior four oft together in a hat',"'.*. The' boat, which was . by'this time within a . couple-of,- hundred: yards, of them, returned ?; the signal'-light; and the two .boats..were..soon-alongside .of each , other, and ithe - two deaders:con versing in an^under tone.. < ?' vl'\ Thompson, the chicken, who was in charge of.the;boat from.the -riveiy in? formed the . rest ' that "he , had made it right about arms, and that they need be "under no apprehension oil the score of being shot whatever dse come.of it;! Melville offered a-few-: remarks and instructions,^ associated with- a ^threat, that if any one hung. back in the.stir rups ;?lie. Melville would be " there " for his- benefit.-. . lie-then impressed uponj them the necessity of f silence and order,' the two boats to take-divergent courses, one- keeping the Williamstown shore aboard, and ...the. other heading for Liardet's j Beach, with an .uiidcr staiiding -that they would describe a curbed course] which would cause them to meet at. a point about a mile from Gellibrahil's^Lighthoiise;'1 . < The " jSTelsoii " brig, Captain Tres sletree,.bound'.for Adelaide, which was ?t9 sail in the morning,-lay? at -asiugle anchor off; Sahdridge, "Captain : Tres sletree, like;; alB sea captains; had as usual some little ; matters to. attend; to which kept hihrashore;>and Mr. Hall, the mate', a.smartofficer, had just come oil declc hearing " eight bells " struck; and. havingfseen the anchor,-watch set had ((gain gSne below to finish the very interesting novel on which he was then engaged. ; r-tT ,-y* - Steward;''lie said, mix me a drop of br'andy^and water. ? What-are-you looking so pale.at, mail-arc you-not well?" The steward-made some-excuse and got away, and in icomiug back with the grog managed to spill it over the table. ;",AVhy, what in Heaven's name is the matter with the mail ? I'm not a ghost, am I? Go up and see what that boat wants that's just come along side." , iw The''steward darted.on; deckbut did not return. , Hearing footsteps and- a sound of voices on deck Mr.. Hall laid down his book; and with some anathema) on "the illtiined' visitors,1 went up-the companion way, and.. in the, darkness made out some .half-dozen .people ,on i dock: .. . .' ? ; "? I "'Martinson! ,Bill! "he hailed the watch on deck-neither, answered, by, t reason that they had been seized and gagged. ,, " /. . "Gentlemen," said Mr. Ilall, some what divining that there was mischief afloat/" I do not.know to what happy accident, to attribute the honor of a visit at this unexpected period, and I should be much gratified , to learn , thr i pressing business that! exigences . this late hour.-" Mr. HalL.was much given to - lengthy phrases. and grand iloquent expressions, and' always:gave i his; orders in a courtly," three-volume i kind of style except when in a.hurry, i at which times he vwas i somewhat less select iin his language,' and more; loose in'his quotations. -.Melville, as the ..spokesman.':of«. the party; said theyhad orders'-to seize the ship and all on bo.vid,; " just at this -'moment the: second ..boat pulled alongside, and her ;cre\\\^supplemented the ffanc:. already on board. "Well, gentlemen, I have to express my sincere regret' that,:in .thet-ahsence of > mynsuperior. officer, 1- may:say;as commander1' of-the brig " Nelson," I cannot feel,it consistent to comply,: with' your demands unless you show me legal i authority for resigning -my trust; 1 ivill, however, retire to the cabin -and consult Y'.ittel, a; great .authority on maritime affairs, as: to what:the:course ofi a- chief-officer. in :chargeof*;a. ship should be.under the- circumstances."1 '? " He then dived below, and seizeclfrom thearms-rack a two revolvers,' and-in> a second1 represented himself at' the com panion way, and laying, theifshooting irons on the skylight, within .-.reach:.of his hand,,he resumed the-parley. . v ; |,.r " !? am obliged to inform you;'gen tlemen, that- exorcising what 1 believe is a sound discretion! shall see you all ? situated.'before.I -give, up the "(?Nelson1to.:.you :or imy other party in'the1 absence of Captain Tressletrce f as.long as my belt wears, a.shot or my guns; carry, steel,', as the. poet says-so; lcgal'or not legal, come on,' and damn ed(be lie who first cries hold ! enough!' in:the meantime that nian that advances one.step dies," and .he cocked .one, of the revolvers.-' ? 1 ? . ? . -i - " You.:may save yourself::all" this trojible, Mr. Mate," said Melville, "we did . not 'risk.our necks' for nothing your.iarms are of no avail,.they.are not capped.!'''" The experienced' touch " of i Hall on the nipple told that, this was i but too true. * ""We don't .want, to harm-you-resistance |;is'' 110' account; i your men are all confined in the fore castle.-,. .We,,are.come.to fetch 20,000 ounces'of gold consigned to Adelaide; which,-contained in.thirteen boxes, is now in your lazarctte-we do not .wish to offer you any violence, we only want you in the:.'cabin;with us.to sec fair', play--come on, boys,'' he added, we< have .no .;time. to lose;" -and^a rush 'was - made upon Hall1 who - had only time to catch the Chicken an ugly, wipe - on; the head with ,a .pistol; and 'to'give-another a fluslvhit withhis disengaged fist, when he was bundled headlong,. ;,with hall'-a-dozen others; into the cabin,' and was soon put under restraint with; as much avoidance ; of violence as possible-the lazaretto was then opened, 'and .under some warm objurgations from' the captive unate; mingled with some melodramatic scraps more or less applicable to;liis case; the boxes of metal were f:cjt uickly handed up and'passed over into-the boats. .." We will, if y?u please, Mr. Mate, now drink your, health, and-a successful: voyage'to the""Nelson.''---Steward-! ? ' You need not call the c trembling 'coward/ who :forsoolc his master -' he won't come - within a bower cable's length of me again-help yourselves' -the bottle's in the pantry-you?ve ihade yourselves pretty, much at home already, so you need not stand on . cere mony now." ! 1 . The glass having been','circulated, measures . were. taken i to > confine,';-Mr. Hall' for a' timej'and these "had^been but^'just completed -when ' the 'news was . passed thati-a boat .was . coming off from -the shore; and the two crews pre cipitately shoved off, keeping the "Nel son " between themselves and the com ing, boat until well out of sight, when the boats' heads were put for the Red Bluffj and in about an hour a landing was effected, the . plunder got on shore and partly planted in the bush, the rest beings distributee^,; .amongstthe party, who then each took different ways to reach the Lock-the boats be ing'1 pushed off were' left'to' sweep'up with- the flood towards iSandridgei where they,were, diriy. found the. .next morning. The boat seen coming off from tHc shore1'1 contained Captain 'Tressletree and a couple of .passengers, vand; on getting on board the tale told itself; and the absence of the steward, who had decamped 'with "the" robbers, fur nished fa* clue!. t o.u how /the matter had been arranged. Mr. Hall was quickly released from his .bonds, thc cre«; also were ?'relieved' from' the 'forecastle ia which1 they -'had ;been.J; battered ' down . the; police: exhibited, extraordinary, eti; ci g), but the "Nelson " gold was lound no moie. ' ' r i ii(To bo continued.) i'1 . ) 