CANNONBAR. (From a correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch.) March nearly over—still raining. We have had pouring, steady, drizzling rain; in fact, all sorts during this month. A most lovely season, rather too lovely in my opinion. I have no doubt the Mara and Lower Bogan people are now satisfied, and are not afraid of a drought. On the 4th we had a most terrific thunder- storm—"The heavens were telling, &c.;" Richardson Bros. had 95 sheep struck dead in one yard, by lightning, out of a shepherded flock—the only one—all the others being turned loose into paddocks. This is the sort of weather one appreciates fencing; no shepherds to knock the sheep about through we and mud. 8000 sheep, belonging to Towns and Co., passed for Melbourne a few days ago. Sheep down this way disgustingly fat. About three years ago, a Chinaman, shepherd- ing on the Bogan, cut his throat, having taken the precaution to stow away a good meal first. It was a nasty, cold, wet morning in May, when Se-ma-Cronang (or whatever his name was) turned over his swag, destroyed some valuable papers, examined his razor, polished off a hearty breakfast, and walked in from the kitchen to the house, thinking, I have no doubt, that it would be a greater honour to per- form this feat (which one so seldom sees done) before the master, instead of the cook. The celestial remarked that "he was very cold," and was told to "go into the kitchen and warm himself." He replied, "I'll show you," and pulling out a razor (which, owing to the dark- ness of the room, looked like a piece of black tape), turned coolly round, compressed his lips, and made a long incision, severing the carotid artery, and which failing, continued hacking away. Se-ma-Cronang's spirit had fled before the body had touched the ground—merely a slight quiver of the lips. John had "thanked the world." Three hours afterwards he was buried. Since then his perturbed spirit has been seen twice, making night hideous, but only seen by those who believe in ghosts. However, it appears that his bones were not to rest in that spot. A month ago, four Chinamen called, bor- rowed a spade, dug up the remains of poor John, drank brandy, burnt lights round the grave to appease the soul, laid the bones most carefully on a clean cloth, and started for China, not wishing to leave the remains of one who had sacrificed himself to some great idol in a Chris- tian country. Chinamen are a strange people, but pares cum paribus, &c.; I hear that a clergyman intends to pay us a visit. It's a long time since one called. It's to be hoped he will do some good, as some people down here are desperately wicked. Certainly it is hard to put your hand in your pocket and fork-out-a note for the Church for half-an-hour's prayers about twice in twelve months. Mail late, owing to rain. Our new contractor will have a hard time of it. Jones and Beresford still hand on—weather makes no difference to them. Jones smiles in all sorts of weather, and dashes his buggy across creeks and rivers by means of pine logs or wire —not to be licked. Cannonbar quiet. Not quite so much going on about "Brown's Town," and the "Post Office." It's a deadly-lively sort of place—three public-houses and a court-house. The publics support the court-house, but goodness knows where the money comes from to support the publics. I thing the population live more or less on the great squatter—the father of Can- nonbar. March 31. 