Contractors in Parliament.— Mr. Bright intends making careful provision that persons having a suspicion of an interest in Government ? contracts other than as members of a Company -hall be excluded from a seat in Parliament. To effect this object, ho has given notice of the - following clause to be inserted in the Electoral i Bill, as forming one of the disqualifications of \--iudklatesfor legislative honours : — 'Any person who shall, directly or indirectly, himself, or by any person whatsoever in trust for him, or for - his use or benefit, or on his account, undertake, execute, hold, or enjoy in the whole or in part, or be concerned or interested in, or parti- . ?-?ipate or claim, or be entitled to participate | in the profit of any contract or agreement, j \ for or on account of the public service, shall ^?c incapable of being elected or of sitting j ? i-r voting as a member of the Legislative i ' Council or House of Assembly during the time I be shall execute, hold, or enjoy anysuch contract, ! ; \--r any part or share thereof, or 'any benefit or emolument arising from the same : Provided « always tliat nothing herein contained shall I 1 r.vteud to any contract or agreement made, ' entered into, or accepted by any incorporated Company or any trading Compah}', consisting ] \--f more than six persons, where such contract ; -hall be made, entered into, or accepted for the , general benefit of such incorporated or trading Company as to any lease, licence for occupation, ' -a!e or purchaso of any land, or to any agreement 1 forsuch lease, sale, or purchase, or for the oecupa- \ fion of such land, or for any easement therein, , -.r for the loan of money, of to any security for ( the payment of money only: Provided also that if any person being a member of such , Legislative Council or House of Assembly shall ] (?nter into any such contract or agreement, or . having entered into it shall continue to hold it, , hi* seat shall thereupon become vacant.' j THE MYSTIC Numbers.— On Tuesday even- ] ing, January 4, the Itev. S. Cozens concluded ' his lecturo on '666' in the Norwood Union ' Baptist Chapel. There was a fair attendance, ! .Hid Mr. D. Fisher, M.P, presided. The lecture was largely Baxtcrian, as may be gathered from the following summary. Sonic had said that - Louis Napoleon was the man of sin. He was a - srreat mystery, and the most impassible being in i ihe world. They could see him adjusting his i 1 0 fingers over the 1 0 kingdoms of the apocalyptic I i'arth, and exclaiming in triumph— 'See this j -.Teat Babylon which I have built.' There were i exactly 10* crowned heads as guests of Napoleon ' .it the International Banquet at Paris, audit that I .v.is not a prophetic coincidence it was suggestive i to students of prophecy. While kings were I u'athering round tiie throne of France, priests, ? bishops, :ind cardinals of Rome were congregating j ;.t the Vatican. It was possible that as the i first Napoleon created kings, so the third - N'apoleou might create the ten toes — the I -lecem- regal kingdom out of the universal i .diarchy of tho coming revolution. Napoleon - ivas an unwavering believer in fate, and liad - .in unskaken confidence in the accomplishment I «f the high decrees of Heaven concerning \ himself. That he was seen by John in Patmos i in political panorama the lecturer considered as clear as the light, and that he was destined to ] -!o a great work a thousand tongues boro \ witness. He seemed to be morally adapted ] lor the horrors of Armageddon. Napoleon III., ' like his uncle, was never crowned by the Pope. ( By the last mail news was received of the ] Kmperor having S0.000 troops in ami around j I'aris were they to protect his person or ? jiromote peace on earth. u The King of j Habvlon stood at the parting of the vray.' ( .Mystical Babylon was Rome; Napoleon, , :ind not the 'Pope, was now the political ; ruler of Rome and her destinies. Napoleon had been standing for years at the parting of ? tho way between the King of Italy and the Pope \--f Rome. Some «iid that Louis by descent was an Arab. The Pope was to have crowned him, . the day was fixed, but His Holiness never came: hence the Emperor of to-day was as much the self-imposed Monarch of the French as his \mclc. He passed from the Republic to the t hrono through a sea of innocent blood, the voice of which cried to Heaven for vengeance. JIc was virtually King of Rome, and there was every prospect of his being acknowledged King ?of Israel. A French anthor derived the name Napoleon from the Greek verbs apoleo, apolcon, ?signifying to kill or exterminate; and the Greek prefix N or Ne, one of the greater affirmatives, equivalent to veritable. Hence it followed that Napoleon signified the veritable ex terminator. The lion of the thicket, speak ing with the mouth of a lamb, in reply to the address of 53 foreign Commissioners of the Paris Exhibition, said:— 'Like you, we shall ever remember with pleasure this great inter national festival. As representatives of the principle of labour in ail parts of the universe, you have been able to acquire the conviction that all civilized nations no-.v tend to form a single family.' It i.- worth considering that as Napoleon is the name of a Roman saint it can be taken by a future Pope. There are not a few who believe that a Napoleon will bo Pope ns well as Emperor. A great step towards this end was taken when Prince Lucien Bonaparte was created a Cardinal with great splendour, indeed with exceptional honours, and had , been spoken of as the successor of j Pio Nino when his troubled reign shall j be closed by death. Who that saw the fallen i Emperor pacing like a shackled tiger tho prison ground of St. Helena could have con jectured the restoration of his dynasty? If the present Emperor was the restored head, then dreadfully important events were to happen, and might be said to already cast their shadows before. In the history of 'modern times there were few examples of men who had passed j through greater changes than the present I Emperor. Bora in a palace, for a while the j heir- presumptive of the greatest monarchy in Europe, he was thrown headlong from his high estate, and condemned in obscurity and exile- to associate with sons of farmers and tradesmen. Napoleon the Great's zenith was when ho j placed his senior brother Joseph on the j throne of Spain, and from that point might be dated the decline of the first dynasty. After glancing at battles in which Napoleon Bonaparte was engaged, and of his fall, the lecturer referred briefly to Francis Charles Joseph Napoleon, the son of Napoleon the First and Marie Louise. After the abdication an attempt was made to proclaim him Emperor, but it was abandoned. He died .shortly after attaining his 21st year of consumption. Charles Louis Napoleon was the third son of Louis Bonaparte, King of Holland. After enduring many vicissitudes, and being compelled to fly to America, and then back again to France, he went to England and lived the life of a fashionable lounger, and wrote his ' Napoleonic Ideas.' tie returned to France, was imprisoned for shooting a soldier, but escaped to London. In 13-18 he was permitted to return, and was chosen Deputy of a province, and sub sequently President of the Republic for three Years. 'In 1851, when the three years were drawing to a close, he dissolved the National Assembly. By an overruling providence, the lecturer 'considered, he had chosen to be desig nated by the very name which fulfilled the requirements of prophecy. Had he been called Charles Bonaparte, who could have found a clue to the numeral names? His I^atin name Louis (Ludovicus) contained exactly the mystic num bers 606. More marvellous was the coincidence that the two names Louis Napoleon in Greek characters also amounted to tK5(5. Thus his names separately, and his names conjointly, i-ava the number of the apocalyptic beast. At intervals the choir gave excellent selections of music*. AX EXODC5. — On Wednesday afternoon, the Railway Station was a scene of unwonted bustle for a quarter of an hour previous to the depar ture of the 1.40 train. The ticket-issuer's window was besieged with applicants, and an unusually- long train rapidly filled up beneath. It contained passengers for four outgoing ves sels which departed about the «ame time. One was' the Rangatira (with the branch mail for the Sound), the second was the \atala, and the others were two of the Melbourne steamers tbe Penola and Coorong. About 3 o clock the Eleanor tug, which had been engaged Ho convey tho Yatala's passengers and their friends jm board, left the wharf, and after a pleasant tap .down the river arrived alongside this handsome ?i- Orient Uuer. Safely tranaerred on board,' the company spent an hour or more ra the earn ment of Captain Legoe's hospitality; and about 7 o'clock the Eleanor started up. the row with her return passengers, having given threo times three for the Yatala, and fl3 many for her excel lent skipper. Nor.THEUX Weather. — There was at Booborowie a terrific thunderstorm on Monday, January 3.. «t 4 a.m., attended with heavy rain, which Hooded tho country to a greater degree than has been known before, except by very aid inhabitants. Farmers, it is feared, have ?uffere 1, their wheat not being: under cover yet. From Bimbmvrio we learn that no heavy rain has Fallen there for some time.' We have been Furauhed with thermometer readings taken from , sne placed under a verandah, and sheltered From the hot wind. It reached 1123 on Decem ber 13, next day 115°,. and on the 15th US3. , From Blinman, on January 3, our letter says: — j :t At intervals the weather has been very hot, j md there was distant thunder and lightning I last evening.' From Port Port Augusta, on January 3, our correspondent writes: — 'The j iveather has been changeable; the latter part of the week thundery, and this morning we had a ?hunderstorm, commencing at 7.15 a.m. and astitig for about 50 minutes, with tho quantity )f rain by gaago -S20. The night has been fearfully hot and close, with lightning all round ;he horizon.' Blixm.vx Races.— The raco meeting of the jast week at Blinman passed off more succcss iilly than had been anticipated, doubts having irisen in consequence of slight feelings of jealousy between the owners of Playboy and Bolero. The comparative merits of these ;wo appear to have been fully settled n favor of Bolero ; stil1, but for the per iistency of Gipsy to dodge her rider, and at her nvn pleasure to run in a direction contrary to tiis wishes and to the rules of racing, it looked is though Bolero would have found a compeer ;otesthismetal. Possibly the lady of wandering propensities may require another gallop in com wny with Bolero to decide the question. The meetings were on threo days, and terminated vithout any serious accident. Several awkward i ipills occurred, but tenderness consequent on , ;oming too suddenly in contact with mother ! sarth is about the extent of the casualties. [ Particulars of the events shall be given shortly. New Glass Pi- m p.— We had an opportunity m Wednesday of inspecting a glass pump ro :ently imported to order by Messrs. R. Dodgson md Son, of Leigh - street, who inform is that for seven years they have ieen trying to get one of this description, md that this, which was manufactured n London, is the first of the kind ever nade. It is designed for tho use of wine growers, and in its construction metal has been ised as little as possible, the only metallic ; lortions being the outside case, which* i3 of iron, md the brass bolts which connect the various -arts. The glass barrel of four inches diameter s three-quarters of an inch in thickness, and is semented into the case. The valve-balls are flass, the piston-rod of lignum vitro, and the re nainder of the pump is of carved ebonite, the ibject being to prevent the liquor coming in :outact with metal in any way. It is fitted with juttapercha suction and delivering pipe, with langes of the same material, and altogether the uveutiou is likely to prove very useful. Williams's Australian Annual.— We have ?eceived from Mr. W. A. Cawthoruo a copy of his interesting publication. It is edited by rlenry Kendall, and published by W. H. kVilliams, Elizabeth- street, Melbourne. The :ompiler has contrived to compress within 80 mges of letter-press a very good variety of nteresting readable matter in prose and verse. There are ghost stories, tales of love and ?omauce, music, lots of ' Christmas chaff,' conundrums, puns, enigmas, and other amusing nems, together with five or six pictorial illus :rations — tragic, comic, anil sentimental. It is just the sort of publication for reading by a family party assembled at Christmas around tho family hearth. The ATTKJirTKD Suicide.— On enquiry we earnt that Jacobs, who cut his throat at tho London Inn on the 4th instant, was progressing well. Well Accident. — At Mount Gambier a little girl, from tho lid falling in, dropped down :i well 90 feet deep. Her father followed down the rope and saved her, without her having sustained any serious injury. East-End Market.— A meeting of friends and supporters of the East-End Market, held on Wednesday evening at the York Hotel, was numerously attended. Mr. G. F. Hussoy pre sided, and several resolutions were unanimously carried, the principal being that a petition, signed by citizens and the public generally, should be presented immediately to Parliament to prevent any arbitrary and obnoxious interfe rence with the market. EaRLV Closing. — On Tuesday evening, 4th Januuary, a meeting of drapers' assistants of Port Adelaide was held to consider a movement in favour of early closing. There was a nume rous attendance, and a deputation was formed to wait upon tho employers respectfully requesting them to close their respective establishments at an earlier hour than at present, viz., 9 o'clock p.m. The meeting adjourned to receive the report of the result. Blixmajj Mail.— On January 2 the mail was 10 hours later than expected, owing to some misunderstanding in altering the route, the horses and coach not having reached Pckina from Melrose. Forestry. — An advertisement in another column intimates to Court Perseverance and Foresters generally the intention of the District Officers and others to pay a special visit to Court Adolaide on Thursday evening. Adelatdk Meat-Pukservixg Company.— The first annual general meeting of the sliareholdors in this Company was held at their office, Register -Chambers, on Monday, January 3. Present — Eighteen persons, and the Hon. A. B. Murray in the chair. The fol lowing was the report from the Directors : —'The sufficiency and convenience of the works and plant have now been well tested, and tho Directors have pleasure in expressing generally their satisfaction with the conduct of their Manager, Mr. Shand, and their full confidence in his skill as a curer of meat. Whilst the operations of the Company have been on a sufficient scale to provo these things, the Directors are confident that the cost of the manufacture will be considerably reduced so soon as their operations are conducted on a larger scale, and the various depart ments have been so organized as to economize labour as far as consistent with efficiency. The Directors have already made experimental shipments of meat to London, Cape Town, and Calcutta. They have tested the tins from time to time, so as to satisfy themselves of quality and condition, and they confidently expect that their manufacture will be equal to the best brands of preserved meat in any part of the world. To extend tho operations of the Com pany it is important that the capit.il should be increased. Of the 10,000 shares into which the Company is divided, 5,921 are already allotcd, and 4,079 arc as yet unapplied for. Many of those interested in squatting property have not yet taken any shares in this enterprise ; and the Directors, now that the success of tho under taking is assured, call upon stockholders who have not as yet jeined the Company to contribute to the advancement of an enterprise from which they in common with others derive an imme diate pecuniary advantage.' Mr. J. Scott moved, and Mr. Dean seconded— '-'That the report and balance-sheet, which were taken as read, be adopted.' Mr. Shand, the Manager, in reply to questions, said the last week the works were in operation six men had soldered 7,000 tins of meat. They had preserved 375 sheep per day; but he estimated that with the new thermometers he could deal with 500, which would yield a ton of tallow. The Chairman remarked, in reply to Mr. A. S. Clark, that they only had about a month's work to put against *the preliminary expenses. The Directors were perfectly satisfied that if they could buy sheep at the rate they had hitherto bought them at when the works were in full operation, the Company would show a very good profit. The report and balance-sheet were then adopted. Messrs. R. B. Smith, T. Giles, and W. L. Marchant, the retiring Directors, were re elected. Three hundred uew shares were taken up. It was stated that the reason why tho works had been stopped was that the fenly ther mometer they had at the works got broken, and no other could be ^procured.- Mr. Shtod.had, howevef , been to. iSIelboarrie cahd obtained two; and more were expected from thence and England. Tho works would recommence opera tions the next day. After a resolution had been passed in reference to an alteration of th articles of *ss.ociation| the meeting closed. THE LATE LORD DERBY. For nearly five ccntnrie3 have the Stanleys challenged criticism with their proud motto of ' Stun changer.'' For more than five centuries have they been in possession of the ancestral seat at which the late Earl expired — Knowslcy. Thciv original surname which they brought with them from Normandy v»-as 'De Aldithlcy.' This they retained, however, for only two generations after tho Conquest. Adam de Aldithloy, tho grand son of tho. original Norman, married into the family of the Stanleys of Stafford, in honour of whose ancient Saxon lineage' he assumed their surname. Six generations more bring us at the close of the fourteenth century to the founder of the present line, Sir John Stanley, who was Treasurer of the House hold to Henry IV., and Lord- Lieutenant of Ireland to Henry V. By royal grant he acquired the extensive family estates in Ireland, aud by marriage the now classic estate of Knowsley, whose former owners were the Lathams of Lancaster. He was made a Knight of the Garter, but admission to the Peerage was reserved for his son Thomas, who became the first Lord Stanley. His wife, Joan, a daughter of the house of Ardunel, had nobler blood in her veins than even the Stanleys or the Aldithlcys. She was directly descended through the Bohnus from Edward the First. The second Baron Stanley, also a Thomas, was the Rupert of another kind of debate than that in which Edward f 'eofirey Stanley won his spurs on the Reform BUI. By his first marriage he became brother-in-law to the stout Earl of Warwick, who figured as kingmaker during the Wars of the Roses. By his second hu became father-in-law to Henry, Earl of Richmond, whom on Bosworth Field he helped to crown as Henry the Seventh. His own share in the spolia oplma of the day were high office under the Crown, and the Earldom which has since dignified fourteen genera tions of his descendants. Ho died in 1504, Constable of England. In the civit- wara of the seventeenth century the Stanleys were less fortunate but not less distinguished than they had been in the :- Wars of tha Roses. Jamca, the seventh JEari, perished in a vain effort to prevent the repetition of BosWorth Field at Worcester. The Parliamentary army took him prisoner while endeavouring to rally the royal forces, and he expiated his bootless loyalty on a scaffold at Bolton. He might hare been a famous personage but for the more romantic fame Df his Countess— that Duke of Thouar's daughter who defended Latham House so gallantly against an army of two thousand Roundheads. By her the chivalry of the Montmorencies and the Imperial blood of Alexius Comnenus^ were introduced among the Stanleys. But they did not long adorn the Earldom, which in 1736, on the decease of the tenth Eavl without issue, diverted to a younger branch. The secoml Earl (1504) had had a younger brother James, who was now represented by a Sir Edward Stanley of Bickerstaffe. His mother was the daughter of a commoner — Mr. Patten, M.P. for Preston, which after wards became a family borough, and re mained so till the Radicals wrested it from the late Earl. The blood of the Eastern Emperor Alexius Comnenus having diverged into a northern channel— the Atholl clan — the Stanleys had to reinvigorate themselves at other high sources. Edward, the twelfth Earl, grandfather of the deceased, displayed ?1 sublime catholicity of taste in matrimony. His first wife he selected'from the Hamil ton-Brandon line — ail offshoot of the Stuarts. His second was Eliza Parran, the celebrated actreaa. It was the Hamilton connection, however, that deter mined the succession. Both marriages produced corresponding issue — a son and two daughters. The eldest son, Edward Smith, who came to the title in 179S, found more congenial employment in science than in politics. His patronage of botany and 200logy gained for him the President's chair in two of the principal Societies of the day— the Linnrean and the Zoological. The noble savant married his cousin, a clergyman's daughter, and their first-born (Edward Geoffrey) was but a few months old when the present century began. He had barely passed his majority when, in 1S21, he entered the House of Commons for the close borough of Stockbridge. The late Earl was destined to restore the political lustre of his house, which bad been dimmed by the tragic end of James Stanley at Bolton. Family traits are said by physiologists to disappear sometimes for several generations, and suddenly to revive again. The political creed of the old Stanleys had thus been in abeyance for a century and a half prior to the late Earl's birth. In the time of the Stuarts the family had been red-hot royalists, but the accession of the younger branch introduced an infusion of Whiggery. Sfcockbridge was a blue and buff borough when young Mr. Stanley dropped into it forty-eight years ago. All the time he sat for Stockbridge, and for a good many years afterwards, Mr. Stanley himself was faithful to the blue and buff. But it is remarkable that as he rose in the Legislature, and as his intellect ripened, tho old royalist blood grew stronger in him. When he saw the Radicals laying siege to the Constitution he remembered James Stanley, who had fought at Worcester, and died on the scaffold at Bolton. When Orator Hunt attacked his own seat at Preston, may he not have invoked the spirit of the famous Countess who defended Latham House against the Cromwellians? The longer that Earl Derby lived in his own age the less he seemed to belong to it. While the world was drifting onward into a misty future, he drifted backward into a chivalrous past. The Rupert of debate was essentially a seventeenth century man. He derived his fiery zeal from the field of Worcester. lie may have inherited his hauteur from the Lady of Montmorency. From her also he may have drawn tho fatality which, in his later years, always associated him with a losing cause. The late Earl's career divides itself into three stages —Whig, Peelifce, and Tory. The first terminated in 1S34, at his secession from the Grey Ministry, and consequently lasted thirteen years. The second was brought to an equally violent conclusion in 1S45, when he split with Sir llobert Peel on the repeal of the Corn Laws. The middle passage occupied only eleven years, and left nearly a quarter of a century for undiluted Toryism. It is con ceivable that the violence of His Lordship's later opinions was due more to exasperation than to real conviction. In his youth he had been exasperated by personal anta gonism with one of thestrongest Radical bodies in England. In his old age, he may have been further exasperated by the success of the measures he had sacrificed so much to oppose. When he broke up Earl Grey's Cabinet on the Irish Church question, he was already well advanced toward the goal of Ministerial smbition. In less than eight years he had risen from an Under Secretaryship to the head ot the Colsuial Office. He then held a partfolio, which the progress of events was every day rendering more important and con spicuous. Ten years later he resumed his official career where it had been broken off. In 1S44, under the auspices of Sir Robert Peel, he returned to the Colonial Ollicc. The Conservative reaction was then at the flood, and only the simplest exercise of common sense was needed to establish the Conserva tives permanently on the ruins of a shattered Whiggism. Just this critical moment Lord Derby chose for perpetrating 3the suicidal blunder of his life. In rallying the squires round the doomed standard of the Corn Laws he for e\\-er separated himself from further sympathy with the nation. He pronounced the political divorce of Toryism from a pro gressive State. Biit still fortunate, even in his infatuation, he twice returned to office, though never to power. With characteristic persistency he began again in 1851 where he had left off in ISM— with hostility to free trade. The Liberals forced him to appeal to the country on his Quixotic design to revive, protection. The country repudiated ' both' ' himself and hia policy. His first administration now stands in English history as an anachronism. His second in 1859 is little more than a legis lative'; blank. His third and last was a triumph for the Raiicraiisoi which all his life he had been scorning. The venerable Stanley who swallowed John,Bright's Radical potion in 1867 had far more to be ashamed of than the youthful Stanley who was beaten by Orator Hunt in 1830. Both Stanleys unquestionably abhorred Radicalism, and they had good cause for it. Notwith standing all their chivalry it conquered them at last. The Redistribution of Magistrates.— The Government have resumed the task entered upon last session of rearranging tho magisterial districts. In furtherance of this design, they have given notice of removal to Messrs. Marshal MacDermott, S.M., and Mr. Henry James Smith, S.M., who will cease to hold office after tho 1st February next. The former has filled a plncc on the Local Court Bench since early in June, 1859, and the latter since March, 1SG1. Their removal will necessitate some rearrangement of southern districts, and it is expected that either Mr. Peake or Mr. Daslnvooil will receive marching orders. Mr. Baker intends taking action in the Assembly to amend the Attorney-General's Local Court policy by reinstating several Local Courts that havo been disestablished. Ho calculates that an expenditure of some £300 can kocpatleasb half a dozen of them in being. Australian Federation.— The Assembly lias expressed its undiminished faith in tllO propriety of a Federal Union of tho Aus tralian Colonies. The subject wa3_ LOn Wednesday introduced by Mr. Uarr in an. excellent speech, which touched slightly on one or two of tho many points that can bo urged in. favour of federation. It would have been almost the same had ho intro duced the motion with a string of the veriest platitudes. The House regarded tho question as one of merely abstract moment. There could not have been much less interest evinced had the point for discussion been the necessity of guarding against tho effects of a second deluge. During tho discussion there was seldom much more than a quorum present, and those who spoke had only themselves and one or two patient members for listeners. Of courso the Government had to declare their policy, and the Treasurer was] their spokesman ; but his address failed to convey the impression that he was really anxious to bring pro tracted negotiations for even a commercial union between the colonies to an issue. There was no one inclined to exhibit sufficient interest to oppose the resolutions, which were accordingly carried as they stood, although a feeble attempt was made to exclude New Zealand from the prospective Zollverein. Once more, then, the Govern ment have been instructed to open up com munications with tho neighbouring Govern ments, but from their half-hearted approval of the policy affirmed the renewed negotia tions may be expected to be well-nigh still born. The time has arrived for something more practical than suggestions convoyed in mildly-toned despatches. It is pusillani mous to imagine that nothing can be done because it is difficult to inspire a common feeling of anxiety for union amongst all the provinces. If Mr. Hughes devotes a portion of the time comprised in his new lease of office in stimulating the neighbouring Go vernments to action he Mill deserve well of the country. Tho reputation of more than one colonial statesman may be made by the successful carrying out of an object which all the provinces profess to ho 'exceedingly desirable.' Electoral Districts Bill.— The Go vernment have laid before the Assembly the second part of a disintegrated Bill to provide for the election of members to servo in the Parliament of South Australia. This confines itself to a definition of the elec toral districts, and such provisions as arc necessary to bestow forty members upon the Assembly in lieu of thirty-six. The 3rd clause enacts that for tho purpose of electing members of the Legislative Council the province shall form one electoral district; but it gives no inkling of a change in the number of members of the Council, unless the subsequent requirement that the district shall bo divided into twenty electoral divisions can be regarded in that light. So far as the Assembly is concerned, there is a distinct clause increasing tho number of its members by four. This is a plain amendment upon the Constitution Act, without an intimation in the title that such an amendment is designed. That Act (No. 2 of 1855-6) contemplated an alteration in the membership of the two Houses, as it only made provision that they should 'for the present' consist of eighteen and thirty six members respectively. Whether the new Bill will bring about the desired increase without an alteration of the Constitution Act the Attorney- General Mill no doubt be asked to explain ; but in any case it will 1x5 convenient with as little delay as possible to assimilate the letter press of that Act to the new electoral law should it find its way on to the Statute book. Ss far as the schedule is concerned it is a slavish reprint of that annexed to the former Bill. It makes no attempt to abolish the glaring anomalies pointed out in the course of recent debates as existing in regard to districts untouched by the draftsman of the first Bill. No attempt is made to set at rest the discordant local elements in Mount Barker; to quiet the appeal of Mr. Bright for more representa tion on behalf of the populous division he represents; to distribute the districts with some respect to the number of inhabitants in each. The schedule restricts itself to the limited but important alterations effected by its predecessor. It creates a new district of Wallaroo and a new district of Albert, but otherwise leaves the com plaints of inequality unredresscd. If there is one Bill above another which in the scuffle of hurrying towards recess is likely to come to an untimely end it is the one providing for the election of members to serve in the Parliament. It is unfortunate that it should bo so, for it ia a measure urgently called for. IsQt'KST at Pont Adelaide.— Mr. O. \Y. Hawkcs, S.M., held an inquest at the Court House, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday, January f-, upon the body of Frederick Davis, a seaman belonging to the Yatala, found drowned the* previous day. John Rowland deposed to having found the bod}*, which came to the surface of the water upon his hauling a rope attached l- his barge. John Hine3 and Charlos Audor.-o», seamen of the Yatala, deposed to having seen deceased in tho forecastle ahout 3.30 on Sunday morning, when he appeared to he suffering from tho effects of drink. He was missed at Ci o'clock, and information given immediately. The Jury returned a verdict of accidentally drowned. Accident.— On Wednesday afternoon, Jan. 5. an accident occurred to Harry Ilealey, eight years old, who was playing with others in Charles-street, Norwood, and jumped from ;i shed, six or seven feet high, rather heavily. This broke his right lpg just below the knoV. Dr. Scott was immediately sent for, and he ordered the little fellow's removal to tho Hos pital, where he is now progressing favourably . We are informed that tho boy's log was broken in the same place some time ago,; , MuxsnreiB. Compact.— At the extraordinary general meeting of tho Murninnic Bismuth and Copper-Mining and Patent Smelting Com pany on January 5 no business was transactc'l, as there was not a quorum. It therefore stawl* adjourned until 2 p.m. to-day, In pursuance o[ elause 10 of the deed of settlement. H 