THE RITUALISTS ON INVOCAT OF SAINTS AND ANGF" _ Shipley lias TnE notorious 0$-fc publishing sent forth, from tlu an Jltv0action of house of the LinggjjQjpjjgji from Greek, Saints and sources, ' for the use English, an£f 'the' Church of England.' of meropfr this astounding work is The, ft out, some kind of a conscience, nfte may sec from his lone preface, writ- l Jen mainly for tlie purpose of showing that though' the Church of England lias authoritatively condemned the dogma of tho Invocation of Saints and Angels here proclaimed, yet it is open for Mr. Shipley to believe in sucli a dogma, and to uphold it, in opposition to the Church of which he is an ordained member. He tells us that ' the popular objection to the Invoca tion of Saints, as held and practised by the Church (?), is founded on a mistaken interpretation of the Twenty-second Article, which asserts that the Romish doctrine concerning Invocation of Saints i3 repugnant to tho Word of God, and is a fond theory vainly invented, and grouuded upon no warranty of Scripture.' It is curiously contended 'that the Church of England docs not condemn Invocation of Saints and Angels as a general or Catholic dogma, but only condemns the Romish doctrine on this point. Our reply is, firstly, that Mr. Shipley's inter pretation of the teaching of the Church of England on this point is erroneous and illogical, as wo shall prove ; and in the second place, wo. shall show that such a plea, even were it true, cannot avail in his case, because of the substantial identity of the doctrine he teaches with tho doctrine as taught by Rome ; so that if, as lie asserts, the Article condemns only the Romish form of the doctrine, it will also condemn Mr. Shipley for holding a doctrine, which is practically and essen tially identical with that of Rome. . Mr. Shipley's interpretation of the twenty-second Article is based on a nom natural sense. Once allow such a licence of interpretation, as, for instance, in the Ten Commandments, the very moral law, and what results would follow ? We are told by God ' not to bear false witness against our neighbour,' but on Mr. Ship ley's very slippery principle of evasion we may lay the stress on the word against in the Divine prohibition, and actually justify ourselves by telling the world, as well as our conscience, that we may 'bear false witness ;' but then it must not be against our neighbour, but for him. Just as Mr. Shipley tells us that we mny accept tlve doctrine of Invocation, of Saints and Angels, but not, ' the Romish ' doctrine. After all, probably, Mr. Shipley and the Romanists are only self-consistent here, if, as we believe they see no harm at nil in bearing any amount of false witness on behalf of what they call ' the Catholic Church.' In the next place, we proceed to show that, admitting Mr. Shipley's own inter pretation of the Article to bo correct, even in this case he is, on his own show ing, condemned by our Church for hold- dug' substantially "the Romish doctrine of Invocation of Saints and Angels." Now wh>t are the sources from which this Manual of Sacred Worship for " the use of members of the Church of Eng land" is chiefly composed? It come3 maiuly from the authorized manuals of modern Popery, or tho missals of medie val Popery. It is Romish in its origin ,' as well as Romish in its doctrines ; and yet Mr. Shipley has the. conscience to tell us that the Church of England only con demns the Romish doctrine of Invocation of Saints and Angels. Here wo ha.vo the translation of the " Paradisus,'" of " the Cceleste Palmetum," of the Latin Roinish Prayers of Angels, Archangels, the Blessed Virgin, from the Romish litur gies, from the Paris Missal, from the Mozarabic Breviary, and Sarum Enchc- iridion. Then we have Hymns to the Saints from Rev. F. W. Faber and other perverts to Rome. Will Mr. Shipley have the effrontery to tell us that these also are not Romish, though breathing the very atmosphere- of Papal Rome, and written by its most devoted sons, for whose honesty we have a far higher regard than we can have for the honesty of the man who by implication tells tho that, .as. a faithful son of.th<va."-.®£;. England, he abhors the Worship of Rome, and then ' a book not on!r teemin" irf1 lhat dootnne, hut even?' jjiaijjjleomposed from the authoritative uals of Rome, and of its perverts front ar Church. Could self-deceit advance a e single step beyond this ? Will it be credited that in this Manual? for the use of the members of the Churclr of England we have, besides other prayerir- to the Virgin Mary, a Litany of nearly twenty pages, chiefly borrowed from' Romish sources, in which Mary is invoked 03 Blessed Mary, Mother of God, ere?' Virgin, to " drive away from tho soul all- sadness and grief, and to bestow the re flection needful to fulfil the Divine plea-- sure." Now, if there is one being more than another invoked in this Manual of Devotion for members of tlie Church of England it is not God the Father, nor God the Son, nor God the Holy Ghost, but the " Mother of G-odJ" directly or indi rectly. Is this Romish, or is it not ? la this the teaching cf tho Church of Eng land, or is it not? Can Mr. Shipley shelter himself, as he attempts to do, un der the plea that it is "Catholic" doc trine? Aye — but where is such Catho lic doctrine held, where taught, and where' deGncd? We press the question home, and demand an answer to tho recurring question, What Church teaches the doe- t;ine hero taught by, Mr. Shipley? Is it not the Church of Rome, which his own? professed Church condemns ? Now let the candid, honest Churcbmarr take up tho Encyclical Letter of the Pope, published in 1S4D, and see if he can find anything like Mr. Shipley's doctrine inr the following passage : — " The Blessed Virgin," says the PofC, "being consti tuted between Christ and His Church,, hath ever delivered Christian people from calamities of all sorts. The whole of our" confidence is placed in the most holy Vir gin, since God has placed in Mary the fulness of all good, that accordingly we- may know that if there is any hope in us,, if any grace, if any salvation, it redounds to us from lier, because such is Ilis will,, who hath willed that we should have everything through Mary." Now, as Mr, Shipley thinks with tho Pope, that " we should have everything through Mary," we arc not at all left to wonder at the" length and tho earnestness of his prayers" and supplicuion to Mary; but we cannot nevertheless, erase to wonder at the un- - bounded audacity and dishonesty of a mam who gives himself up to "Romish" prayers- to saints and angels, and professes to be lieve in a Church which condemns such; " Romish" prayers, and who teaches in- almost every page of this Manual of De votion for members of the Church of England, the doctrine — wo repeat it, the- Romish doctrine — of the Invocation of Saints and Angels, which he acknow ledges by implication - the Church of . England has denounced and disowned in her Twenty-second Articlo. Cardinal Cullen, in his last Pastoral, evidently thinks as Mr. Orby Shipley on the ne cessity of invoking Mary, as may be seem- by the following extract Finally, tho ' Cardinal -Archbishop recom mends all the faithful to, add, each day during ' the coming , y oar, throe, Hail Marys to their" family prayers, begging of God, through, tlur intei'cession of the Holy-Virgin, to bring back all those Svho are ' in error to the paths of truth, and to bless the labours of the approach-- ing General Council, so that all nlay be one ' body and one fold, under one shepherd,- uniteif' in the bonds of faith and charity, according to- tho supplication of Our Lord "after the: Last Supper. Itccollect that prayer is always most efficacious, and tlirit our' Divine .Lord will not,, reject our petitions -if they bo presented to,'. Him by Ilis lIoly'Mothor. Therefore,' let us; make' the days of tlic.tiiduum', and the coming . year, " a period of prayer, mindful of. tho words of Christ: " If you ask tho Father anything' in : my name, He will, give it you." (John- xvi.28) " " ,- If Mr. Shipley' had one spark of honour or one gleam of honesty to give- light to his religious principles, he would at once follow the honest step3 of. sucli men as Faber arid Newman, Manning and' Oakley, believing as he believes, and separated as he is in no moral or re ligious sentiment from those perverts, ex cept in those of consistency and honesty. . We have by no means exhausted the worst features of this work, and shall, - accordingly, again notice it in our next- issue. — Rock. Cai'taix Nagi.f, the noted Fenian leader committed suicide on the morning of August loth, by leaping fiom an attic window into the; street. — New York, limes. Mits.a Bf.oo.MEn has abandrncd her so nu masculine style of wardrobe. The hlocm is off that rye, the blossom lias ripened, nhd the ft-nit found to he bitter and unwholesome: 