THE BIRMINGHAM IRISH AND ENGLISH ASSOCIATION. The following explanatory address has been issued by this recently-organised body : — 'The object of this Association is to es tablish a, union between Irishmen resident in Birmingham and the district and their Euglish brethren, with the view of mutually advancing the common and peculiar interests of both nations. As it owes its origin to a series of meetings held at the public offices to discuss the Irish question, its first atten tion will be directed to matters affecting the political and social state of Ireland, especially on the following subjects, viz. ; — . ' 1. The , Land Bill.— Believing that this measure , will fail to restore peace and social harmony in Ireland, because it makes no provision for the most dependent and necessitous portion of the population, this Association will direct public attention to the advisability of allotting the Church and other public lands to the labouring '-lasses on such terms as shall enable the holders to repay the State in twenty-five years. The Irish Church lands will be at the disposal of the State next year. They comprise ??glebe- lauds' in .many ; parishes and hundreds of thousands of acres -,n«'»w: held by bishops and deans. If thei friends of freedom are not watchful and determined, -this land may pass into the hands of , lords and gentry who have too much already. It must be secured to the . people ! Iii the same way ' extensive crown and waste lands. might be transferred !t6 the labourers;1 'Thousands- of families 'would 'thus -be -settled on the land that bore them, instead of .emigrating.,: . ''IL iT-HE- GpERCioisv Bill.— -This . Associ ation will ai o,t: cease 'to denounce the measure miscalled! ' The Peace Preservation Act ;' regretting that a; government calling itself Liberal should have yielded to Tory clamour ' so far as to give power to magistrates to im prison men, and to the Lord Lieutenant to i break up printing offices, on the, mere sus picion of sedition, without any trial- by jury. The expression of public opinion on the ini quity of this unconstitutional act may lead to its repeal before its specified term, or shame the executive into permitting it to remain a dead letter on the statute book. 'ILL The Political Prisoners. — Con- sidering it a disgrace that political prisoners should exist in. a land so proud of its-liberty, and believing that just and beneficent laws will be more efficacious than penalties in winning back the confidence of a people estranged by centuries of persecution and wrong, this Association will labour to induce the government to throw open the prison doors to all political prisoners. ' IV. Land and Liberty for England. — The Association directs; its attention to Ireland first and specially, only because the exigencies of ihat country most pressingly ;demaridit j'b'ut it will not fail to direct the ?same attention /to questions affecting the toonditioiiHof lEngland.-, . If measures can be carried out next year in Ireland that will facilitate the acquisition of church land by the labouring classes, the same principle would soon be applied on a larger scale., for ;the benefit of the people in England and Wales. Already there ore signs of social ! perturbation in this country. Change^ is brooding over the land, and the new political life consequent on the extension of legislative freedom is yearning for more equality and more light. The day is not far distant when caste, distinctions and monopolies in Church and State will have to be modified in accor dance with the social necessities and growing intelligence of the age. The working classes are disappointed that nothing has been done for them. They hoped for a fair trade or a portion of land ; but pauperism is increasing. Multitudes are leaving Ireland for want of land, and are lowering the price of labour in England. Dock-yard workmen are dis charged, while thousands of idlers, such as princes, lords, lawyers, and generals, are still allowed to plunder the people. The political parties, Whig, Tory, and sham Liberal are still playing into each other's hands at a na tion's cost. The people— not party— must rule ! While inviting all friends of freedom and justice to become members, this Associa tion pledges itself to use all right means to promote the social and national interests of the people, both of England and Ireland. No money subscription is required for mem bership. ' Signed on behalf of the Associa tion, Arthur O'Neill, Chairman. Hugh Heinrick, Hon. Sec. Newhall St. Class-Room, May 31st, 1870. To any simple-minded Protestant, who may be. inclined to indulge in unwary exul tation over this very doubtful prize, we re commend the perusal of the following de claration made only a few months ago by Mr. Ffoulkes, when reprimanded by his Grace the Archbishop of Westminster :— Having learnt from my bishop that a pamphlet lately published by me, entitled 'The Church's Creed or the Crown's Creed,' has been examined, and pronounced by him to be heretical, I desire hereby to submit myself to that judgment, and to express my sorrow that I should in anything have erred from the holy Catholic and apostolic faith. Although I trust I have not intentionally erred from the truth, nor wilfully opposed myself to the divine authority of the Church, nevertheless, I am well aware how easily I may have done so. 1 therefore hereby, and without reserve, retract all and everything that I have written, there or elsewhere, which is contrary to what the Church has defined as of faith. Having learnt also from him that scandal, offence, and pain has been given by my writings, and especially by the pamphlet: above-named, to the faithful, and that the same pamphlet has been used by those that are separate from the Catholic and Roman Church, as an excuse or argumerit*for not submitting to its divine authority, I here desire to explain myself categorically on two points in particular, the most likely to have caused such results' of any that occur to me, from not having been brought out as pro minently there as they might have been, but on which it never was. my intention that my meaning should be ambiguous. i. vvnatever l may oi may nob aave neen called upon to profess fourteen years ago myself, I nevertheless believe, and believe heartily, in the inerrancy, by perpetual assistance cf the Holy Ghost in all ages, of the one Catholic Church in communion with the Pope, and of which the Pope is head by divine right, 'in fidei ac rnorurn discipline tradencla,' as the Catechism of the Couucil of Trent teaches, And, 2, as regards matter of fact, my own personal investigations enable me to affirm the verdict of history to be, that the See of Rome, a^ such, has-been preserved in all ages from up holding or embracing heresy. I say this more particularly with reference to the doc trine of the procession of the Holy Ghost, on which I fear my meaning may have been misapprehended. ! ? Therefore, negatively, should I have ever seemed to say or imply the contrary to what I have just affirmed, or else to say or imply that the true Church has ever ceased, or can ever cease, to be one visibly, or that the See of Rome was not constituted its centre of union upon earth, so that communion with the one should be the indispensable condi tion of participating in the unity of the other, — I hereby declare my heartfelt sorrow at having, in any of my writings, so expressed myself on these points as to have offended any or misled any by seeming to say or imply in language injurious to the Holy See, what I never meant to assert, and hereby repu diate. (The Roman Index, &3., pp. 34, 35.) The Derby Day.— Nearly all the morn ing papers coutain copious reports. of 'Wed- nesday's Derby, besides having leaders on the unexpected defeat of Macgregor. The. 'Times' says Kingcraft won amid the loud est and most prolonged cheering it ^ver heard at. Epsom. Macgregor was beaten when he began to. descend the hill, where his upright posture .told against him. Mr-; Gladstone was in the Jockey Club starid, his face, which was never seen on a race coursl before, exciting' as 'much aiitentton-as'royaltj* The ' Daily News' says the prophets were — — i li ? Hill— mw— ? ?m-.m IP ? ???». I ii ? i ? —??hJ-^^^^—WW unanimous, but wrong. The winning liorse may metaphorically be said to have had his foot upon his native heath, but his name was not Macgregor. It congratulates Lord Falmouth, and condoles with Mr. Merry, and the many to whom Lord Falmouth's colours and Mr. Merry's were symbols oi joy and woe. But the Derby is a thing of yesterday. To-morrow the Oaks— from sport to sport, they hurry us. Never, says the ' Post,' was the glorious uncertainty of racing more fully, exemplified than in the Derby run on Wed-, nesday, but one thing is certain, the success of no owner could be more gratifying than, that of Lord Falmouth. His horses are felt to run. on their own merits ; hence his suc cess will be an unquestionable gratification' to the public. The ' Telegraph' endeavours to draw a moral from what it calls the dis graceful overthrow of Macgregor. It hopes that this unplaced animal, against whom the bookmakers at last refused to back the field :it any odds, will cause some few, who are not inextricably entangled, to pause and ask themselves whether the pursuit of horse-: racing,' though it may reasonably be held a. diversion, is worthy to be made the business, of a life. The new Refuge at Leeds for Ca tholic Girls. — We beg to call the atten tion of our readers to a document to which we alluded last week, and which we print elsewhere at 'length. It is an appeal on be half of the great work of providing means for the completion of the new Refuge at Leeds for the Catholic girls in the work houses of Yorkshire, under the care of the Rev. Mother and Sisters of the Oblates of Mary, and is contained in a Pastoral from the Bishop of Beverley, lately promulgated by the Vicar-General of that diocese. We cannot, by any words of ours, add to the im pressive statements of the Bishop or of Dr. Render, as to the urgent need of providing at once for the spiritual ne'eds of children who, by no fault of their own, are placed in a position where, without some vigorous, effort on our part, they must inevitably lose their faith. Not long ago it was the duty of a correspondent of this journal, to examine, separately, about a dozen girls who had been rescued from a workhouse as to the chance they had of maintaining their faith agaiiist the hostile influences made to bear upon them there. The testimony was the same in all cases: that they were compelled to at tend Protestant services and learn Protes tant catechisms ;_ forbidden to say their own, prayers, or make the sign of the, Cross ; and that if any had the cqurage, to persevere,, they were not only often beaten, overworked or deprived of food, but' exposed to the taunts and obloquy of all their companions. Few children have the courage of the martyrs. ' Should we have it ourselves under such ? circumstances? Yet, some few are found.' The '.Workhouse Tale/, published by the Catholic Truth Society, is no fiction, but a simple ; narrative of tacts. , .'It is from treatment such as this, then, resulting al-' most invariably iri 'Ios3. ; of faith, that we earnestly desire to rescue our. Catholic children ; and we therefore gladly give greater prominence* ?? than usual to this, ap peal on their behalf, which we feel sure must touch all Jrue . Catholic hearts.. . '.,'.-' Death of Mr. Mark Lemon. ^--' Punch' has of late years beea singularly unfortunate in the losses1 which 'it has- had 'to 'sustain. ?First Thackeray, and not very long aftei him John Leech was called away, and on Sunday ,died Mark Lemon1,' its editqr, and. conductor from the beginning till now— 'a period' want ing only a few months to make up nineand twenty years. 