bEWG AST LE. fFBOH OUB COEEBiPOKDSSr.1 Tuesday Morning. Suicide of Mr. Thomas Ddluxg.— The inquiry Into the death of the late Mr, Thomas Pulling nu concluded yesterday afternoon. The only evidence, in addition to that which I foi warded yesteiday, was the testimony of Dr. Augustus Wells, which was as follows :— Dr. Augustus Wells deposed : I am a duly qualified medical practitioner, practising, in the city of. Newcastle. I knew the deceased Tbomas Dulling, now lying at the Rall m.T Hotel, having ai tended him for the last week, dtring which time lie has bem suffering from mental excitement. 1 Uve this day seen the deceased, and have made a poet mortem examination. I found his skull fractured In two places, one of which I know was done in August last, when I was attending him. The other was a recent one. There were no other marks of consequence, except contusions and bruises. 1 am of opinion the recent fracture of the skull was done previous to his being in the water. Upon examining the brain, I found a quantity of effused dark blood, evidently from the rupture of a bloodvessel ; also tbe marks from the pressure of the old indented fracture, which, in my opinion, has been the cause of the low, melancholy state in which the deceased has been for some time past. I know the deceased has been drinking lately. In August last I taw him fracture his skull by running his head against a wall. He bas mentioned that he was determined to do away with himself. My opinion is that the recent fracture would not rause death directly, and that death mutt have been caused by drowning. Mr. .-cott found as his verdict, that the deceased, Thomas Pulling, was found drowned in a water-hole it Tlirosby's Creek, and that he came there by his own act whilst labouring un'icr a fit ot delirium. A subscription list has opened on behalf of tbe widow and orphans, who are left totally unprovided for by this sad occurrence. It is probable that a tolerably large sum will be raited. The weather ia still very unsettled, and rain hat fallen ?lace daylight this morning. Accidents.— A miner named Qninn met' with a dreadful icddent at the A. A. Company's Colliery on Friday last It occurred whilst the unfortunate man was engaged 4n getting coal The poor tellow. I regret to say, lias broken one of his legs, dislocated a thigh, and received a severe bruise in the cheat He is being attended by tbe colliery doctor (Dr. Wells) ; but I am afraid tbe cise is of such a nature that medical skill will sot be of much avail. I need hardly add, Dr. Wells is unremitting in liis attention to the unfortunate sufferer. Another accilent occurred at tbe Commonage on Saturday last, wbereby as infant, named Helen Willmi.t, came by its death at tbe hands of its own mother. The child, It appears, was overlaid by its mother, and died ef suffocation. A verdict, In accordance with the evidence, was returned. It is reported here, this morning, tbftt tbe flood water at Haitland are till subsiding slowiy. The river, I hear, is now down some four or five feet. New Poblic School.— An application has been for warded to the Council of Education for the establish ment of a publio school at Bergalia. .Solemnization of Mabmages.— The undermen tioned officiating minister has been registered for the celebration of marriages : Presbyterian Church of New South Wales^the Rev. William M'Kenzie, M.A., Qneanbeyan. Attempted Suicide. — William Hale', a patient in Deniliquin, suffering from disease of the heart, escaped (says the Pastoral Times) from Deniliquin hospital on Tuesday night last. He was found by a constable near t- the police paddock, in the neighbourhood of the hospital ; he had with him a bottle of gin and a razor, with which instrument he had inflicted a wound in his throat He was brought back to the hospital, and the *emid was sewed up by Mr. Noyes, the surgeon. Hale is watched by constables while the wound is healing, *hen he will be brought before the magistrates to give ?a Kcount of his acts. Mb. Gooch's Concebt.— On Monday evening last, ™- popular vocalist was honored with a very numerous attendance at his benefit, held in the ball of the School of Arts. He was assisted by the St. James ^noir. Misses Lea and James, and Messrs. J. Z. Jones, W. Smith, William Gooch, and Master Willie Thomp son. The accompaniments were by Mrs. CaldwelL The ™t partof the programme oonsistod of sacred music ; tie second of miscellaneous selections. Mr. H. Gooch possesses a deep bass voice, with plenty of compass, »wch was heard to advantage in Weiss ' O ! Salutaris, Hostia.' The duett from the Creation, by Miss James Md llr. Gooch, deserved all the applause which it received. Master Willie Thompson took the audience ?T surprise with his solo on the cornet, from rLom bardi. The entertainment was brought to a close shortly Mkr 10, by a duett ' Love and War,' between the ?wneficiar and Mr. W. Smith. Second Sight.— The following pu-ticulars of ghost teeing, or optical delusion, were related to the Northern j-jiyiM one day last week, by one of tho chief actors in 5? scene' ana *he narrator appears to be perfectly sat isfied of the actual occurrence. It appears that the watchman, who takes under his especial supervision the William-Btreet blocks, Rockhampton, hadhisatten «°n arrested about 12 o'clock at night, while on. his Mat by the sight of a man dressed in black, carrying a euild's coffin on his shou.ders, with which he entered the cottage of a man whose chili was lying dangerously '!? The watchman surprised that a burial was contem plated at that unusual hour, followed the coffin-bearer mto tbe house, and seeing no other occupants, save the »an and his sick child, asked him why he chose that «°iSLfor the interment, to which he made the reply of Why my child is. not dead, thank God !' But, said «ne watchman, ' Didn't I 6ec you bring in a coffin a !?ILm»iutesago?' 'No, certainly not,' was the reply. ?u. ™en- * certainly followed you into the house with one, I can swear.' However, the man persisted 'J his denial—' that he had not been out of the house « au, and had been watching Mb child the whole even ''E, and never left it for a moment.' Upon which the watchman left, perfectly satisfied he had seen a ghost, *nd behoves so stdlL One strange feature in the matter js that the child died the following night. Our con J™^jy thinks this bangs the story of 'Fisher's 