MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Smrtx? Brans'-NESTS.-Tho habits of birds often suggest the idea that they must be in posses. sion of reasoning powers in addition to their instincts. Dr. Buchanan, in a letter to the Rev. Mr. Brown, of Calcutta, 18th of October, 1800, says--" I write this at the bottom of the lofty mountain called Cape Comorin, whoso rooky head seems to overhang its base. The birds which build the pendulous nests are very numerous. At night, each of their little habita tions is lighted up. The sagacious bird fastens a bit of clay to the top of thonest, and then picks up a firefly and sticks it upon the clay, to illuminate the dwelling, which consists of two rooms. Someo times there are three or fodr fies, and the blaze of light in the little cell dazzles the eyes of the bats, which often kill the young of these birds." Tets W?ttce MA~.-The white man, caring for neither frost nor fire, so long as le can win good food for his mouth, fit clothing for his back, appears to be a master in every sone, able to endure all climates, to undertake all labours, to overcome all trials; casting note into the Bay of Fondy, cradling gold in the Sacramento valleys, raining dates and lemons in Florida, trapping beavers in Oregon, ruais. ing herds of kino in Texas, spinning throads in nlassachusetts, clearing wood in Kansas, smelting iron in Pennsylvania, talking buncombe in Columbia, writing leaders in Now York. He is the man of plastic genius, of enduring claracter, equally at Lome among the palm trees and the penes ; in every latitudo the guide, the employer, and the king of all. -Dbon'o "No? e dterica." Ax ApvRcaN PorTNTATs.-At the first glance he appeared to be about nineteen or twenty years old, but I wais told that his real ago was thirty. In figure he was tall and well-made, though he looked small sitting. He has large eyes, a straight, well*shaped nose, with rather strongly*developed nostrils, and a broad, high forehead. His face is intelligont. looking, and might have boon handsome, were it not for the thick lips and receding chin peculiar to the negro type; but lhe has a gentle, calm expression, and, though lie stammers a little, he has a soft, low voice, very pleasant to listen to. His skin is of a reddish-bronze colour. He was dressed in a long floating boubou of blue " rom " (a kind of cotton stuff) over a " turkey" of the finest white cotton. in the front of his boubou ho had a vast pocket or " guiba," as it is called there. He wore a cap of blue "roum," and hold a rosary in his hand, telling his beads in a low voice in the intervals of converesa tion. He had an Arabie book open before him, and his sandals and sword lay beside him on the goat. akin.-Cassell's llustrated Travels. OuCrous Sweclest ToADuTmOnS.-Some of the traditions which attend all the events of life are worth lqnoting. In certain parts of Sw6den, when the bride comes home from church, her mother moots her at the houso-door, and slips a piece of sugar or a coffee bean into her mouth, which is supposed to have the effect of toaching her 'economy. There is a popular boliof that a woman will always have a dislaste for the first thing that she onts after marriago; and therofore it is thought right to sot her against such expensive luxuries as coffee and sugar. It hardly needed a ghost from a grave ora popular superstition to toll us that, "if several couples are married at the same time, ill Inoek will attend one or other of them," for it would be strange if amongst many families all were to be favoured.. In one case ill luck meets with a compensation. We are told that children born on Sunday do not live long ; but if they do survive tihey will be able to discover ghosts, and to destroy dragons that keep watolh over hidden treasures. Themoment a child is born, its parents hurry it off to be baptised. thinking Satan has power over it till the eoremony ie performed. Our author himself bears witness to the xistooenco of this superstition. He was once taking shelter for the night at a cottage, in the depths of wild forests, during the coldest part of ties winter. I)uring the night a child was born in the cottage, and two or three hlours after was carried off to a clergy. eran's house, several miles away, the thermomoter bring far below zero.-Peasant Lifein Swedesn. W?Oe was se P? - My eyes (at ilt Lord Mayor's banquot) were mostly drawn to a young lady who sat nearly opposite me, across the table. She was, I snppose, dark, and yet not dark, but rather seemed to be of pure white marble, yet not whit a; but the purest and inest complexion, without a shade of colour in it, yet anything but sallow or sickly. Her hair was a wondreful deep raven black, black as night, black as death; not raven-black, for that has a shiny gloss, and hers bud not, but it was hair never to be painted nor described-wonderful hair, Jewish hair. Her nose had a beautiful outline. though I could soe that it was Jewish too; and that, and all her features, were so floi that sculpture seemed a despicable art beside her, and certainly my pen is good for nothing. If any likeness could be given, however, it must be by sculpture, not paint ing. She was slender and youthful, and yet had a stately and cold, though soft and womanly grace; and, looking at her, I saw what were the wives of the old patriarchs in their maiden or early-married days -when Jydith was, for, womanly as sleo looked, I doubt not slhe could have slain a man in a just cause -what Bathslhoba was, only she seemed to have no siln in her; perhaps what Eve was, though one could hardly think her weak enough to eat the apple. , Whether owing to distinctnoss of race, my sense that she was a Jewess, or whatever else, I felt a sort of repgnaneoo, simultaneously with my perception that she was an admirable ereaturo.-Passages froms the English Noto.Books of Nathaniei Hawthorne. CuNDEt SooN PREACHING. - The merit of [ceshub's preaching does not lie in the direction which has been followed by the chief religious guides of our own country of late years. The comparisons between him and them, which some of his hearers have instituted, have therefore been altogether unjust. On his first addressing a London congregation it would appear that many persons flocked to hear him, expecting himto deal with the special doubts and diffioulties of English speculative theology with greater knowledge and deeper insight than the pro foundest thinkers who have made such subjects the study of their lives amid all the advantago of the most rarefied philosophical atmosphere in Europe. Such an antleipation was quite on a par with that of Voltaire and his comrades, who expected to find in the Zend-Avesta a philosophy and theology which should put Plato to shame and maho the Gospel seem poor I For a man, yet young, to have made the stu ponduous ascension out of rank idolatry and poly theism into the light of a pure and holy theism; steering clear of the superstitions in his path, and yet grasping at every spiritual lesson of the prophets of all lands-this is assuredly an aschlevement enough for the honour of one soul. To expect Kfeshub Chunder to have had leisure or power also to master thie difficulties of modern metaphysical theology, or Biblical criticism, or European coolesiastical history, is simply absurd. His greatness lics in quite a dif ferent direction from that of our teachers and thinkers, whose powers would probably prove com. paratively useless to do the Indian reformer's proper work in his own land. It is not in the region of the intellect (albeit his intellectual abilities are every way respectable), but in the realm of the religions sentiment itself that Keshub is so highly gifted; it is as one who speaks out of the fulness of clear faith in things unseen, that he utters words of power which sway the hearts of his conuntrymen, and touch even our own, when we consent to forget for a moment our controversies and philosophies.-In ., Casselt's Maaziue." SCEoNES IN a MxARKT IN WYrSToEI APRlcA. The market-place of Yamina is a large squanro, with small sheds, built of wood or matting, all round it these are roofed in a manner which offootually keeps out sun and rain. The dealers sit on mate inside, one, two, or sometimes throe in each shop, and have their goods spread out, or hung up before theme goods of the most varied description-salt, glass beads, stuffs, paper, sulphur, flints, copper and silver rings for toes and fingers, and for the nose; bolts and fillets, or bhead-.hands, made of fine bead-work I native. wove cotton goods of every quality, from the coarseat to the finest; cotton drawers, bonbons, and bernona of all kinds. In one corner of the square was the barber's shop, and we found the barber just engaged in shaving the head of a child, who was strapped on its mother's back. Ho used no soap, nothing but water, and sharpened his ranor --of Sierra Leone make-in the fire. Very dexteronuslyhe handledthem too, for he did not even saratch the child, though it was struggling violently the whole tmhne, and uttering piercing soreams. Leaving the barber, we oamo to tho'women, who?o oocupotion it i to mead and ro.bottom the araokod and woro.ont ?labo?hos. Further on was a salt.doalor, engaged in breaking op his salt, with an adzo, into very minuto pleces, and arranging it in little heaps with an iron spoon ea native manufacture., The hops viond in size and in prioo, from five to two hundred oowrios.' H woa most neat and motlhodical in his work, and soerpa lonely oareful of the loest grain, that none should be waotod. A blook of salt woo worth ot that time 200,000 oowreos, just the price of a slavo,.-0oamesli Illustratel Tavelrs.' Row Tan Law TnOzars MARnDan WomIN.. I ran out to the police-court, hard by. My money had not only bought the furnituro-it had kept the house goingas wall; paying the toxos which the Queen and the Parliament ask for among other things. I now went to the magistrate to see what the Queen and the Parliament, in return for the taxes, would do for me. "Is your furnituro settled on yourself f" ho says, when I told him what had happened. I didn't understand what he meant. He turned to some per. son who was sitting on the beanh with him. "This is a hard nase," he says. "Poor people in this oun. dition of lifo don'tb oven know what a marriage settlement moans. And, if thoy did, how many of them could afford to pay the lawyer's ohargosi" Upon that he turned to me. "Yours is a cOmmon case," he said. "In the present state of the law I can do nothing foryon." It was 'imposasiblo toboliero that. Common or not, I put my case to him over again. "I have bought the furniture with my own money, sir," I says. " Its mine, honestly come by, with the bill and receipt to prove:it. They are taking it away from mo by force, to sell it against my will. Don't toll mo that's the law. This is a Christian country. It can't bo." " My good creature," says he, "you are a married woman. The law doesn't allow a married woman to call anything her own unless she has previonsly (with a lawyer's help) maden bargain to that offebt with her husband, before marrying him. You have made no bargain. Your husband has a right to sell your furniture if he likes. I am sorry for you I can't hinder him." I was obstinate about it. " Please to answer me thi, sir,". I says. " I have been told by wiser heads than mine that we all pay our taxes to keep the Quooeen and the Parliament going ; and that the Queen and the Parliament make laws to protect us, in return. I have paid my taxes. Why, if you please, is there no law to protect me in roturn P "I can't enter into that," says heo. " I mnst take the law as I find it; and so must you. I sea a mark thereon the side of your face Has your husband been beating you n? If he has, summon him hero. I can punish him for that. " How can you punish him, sir P" says I. "I can eoee him," says ho; "or I can send him to prison." "As to the fine," says I, "ho can pay that out of the money he gets by selling my furniture. As to the prison, while he's in it, what's to become of me, with my money spent by him, and my posses. aions gone; and when he's out of it, what's to become of me again, with a husband whom I have boon the means of punishing, and who comes home to his wife, knowing it P It's bad enough as it is, Air," says I. "There's more that's bruised in me titan what shows n my face. I wish you good morn ing."-" MAn and WVife," in " Cassell's Maalfaine." 