THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1870. PROCEEDINGS US PARLIAMENT. EDNESDAY, FEBUARY 16. In the House of Assembly— The Speaker was congratulated on having had the honor of knighthood conferred upon him. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL stated that the Governor had been advised to dissolve the House, which he intended doing as soon as the business would permit; thereupon a debate en sued, which was adjourned till next day. The House adjourned at 6 o'clock. The Governor has correctly estimated the opinion of the colony. His decree of "dissolution is an emphatically popular measure ; and not only is it popular, it is also constitutional and patriotic The Register a day or two ago stated that it would be most valuable if the electors could be informed of the -views of His Excellency, as they would be readily in clined to follow the leadings of a states man who looked at things from an im perial point of view, and not from the pettifogging position of local politicians. Well, we have that view. The Governor has no confidence in the present Parlia ment ; he says so plainly, and he is right in what he says. There never was a Parliament leas worthy of the confi dence of the Governor, or of the colony; and in decreeing the dissolution of such a House of Incapablea His Excellency only gives one "more proof to those he has already given that he understands the duties of his high position, and is prepared to carry them out. The statement made by the Attorney- General that the Governor would dis solve Parliament fell like a thunderclap upon the poor deluded dupes of the un readable Begister. They were taken all aback. They had invested largely in new hats and other stakes, and were per fectly dumbfoundered when the fact was made known to them that Sir James Fer gusson had no confidence in the present Parliament. For our own part we never supposed that the Governor had, or could have, the slightest particle of confidence in them. The Governor was perfectly aware that the only bond of union amongst the Opposition was—struggle for office; and he has therefore well and wisely determined to disband the merce naries, and to appeal to the loyalty of the colony for a new Parliament. This is the Governor's own decision—a decision free from bias, free from party influence; and the country will endorse it. Nothing more worthy of His Excellency's position has yet been done, or could be done. The debate in the Assembly on Wed nesday was a remarkable one. Mr. Rey nolds distinguished himself beyond his ordinary wont. He quarrelled with the Ministry, he blackguarded the Advertiser, he abused the Governor, and he finally committed suicide by openly proclaiming that he would not stand again for East Adelaide. Poor East Adelaide! We dare say East Adelaide will manage to survive the defection of the Hon. Thos. Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds knows perfectly well that he would not have the ghost of a chance of being returned again for that district; and we may go further and say, that if Mr. Reynolds does not take more care, he will find there is not a district in the colony that will submit to be cursed with his erratic and damaging advocacy^ There are other points in Mr. Reynolds's speech which afford ground for comment; bnt we will hold them over. Suffice it that Mr. Reynolds dares not stand again for East Adelaide, and that no other dis trict wants Mr. Reynolds. In the course of the discussion it was put forward that the only question upon which an appeal to the country could be made, was—"shall the five gentlemen who now occupy the Treasury benches continue to sit thereon?" This is a miserable trick. No such issue will be put to the country. Mr. Reynolds may put it, Mr. Bright may put it, Mr. GUyde may put it, bnt the electors will laugh it to scorn. Possibly the Register may put it; but the electors will still laugh it to scorn. The country does not care one pin who are the Ministers of the day. What the electors want are useful measures; sound legislation; a good Laud Bill; an unproved tariff. These, and other useful measures are required by the colony, and whoever * will introduce and carry such measures— whether this Government or any other Government—they will have the support of the country. Who is Bagot, or Bright, or Baker; or Colton, or Cottrell, or Carr ? The electors care not one straw about them individually. They will vote for the men who will in troduce the best policy; for the men who will bring forward the wisest measures. If the present Government can do this they will stand; if they cannot they will fall. And quite right too. " Measures, not men," must now be the policy of the country. His Excellency Ass taken a bold and manly stand, and we know he will carry the whole force of public opinion with him. " v The ludicrous resistance made by cer tain gentlemen to a dissolution of Par liament only betrays their individual consciousness of the insecurity of then own seats. Many of them will have to bid a long farewell to their legislative honors. The Register says all those who voted against the Government on Tues day will be re-elected. Will they be? We shall have an opportunity of refresh ing the memory of our contemporary by-and-bye. Meanwhile, we venture an opposite prediction. The truth is, the Registet has misled and ruined its in fatuated dupes ; but we will forgive the offence, because we can say with the Irish Jury—" Sarved them right." 