OPENING OF THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. Tim (Ecumenical Council aa-us opened on De cember 8. Amid the ringing of the hells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in the city and salvoes of artillery from tho Castle of Sun Aiu'elo and Mount Avoitline, the procession formed in tho Upper Atrium of the Vatican, descended the Scale Ruegia, and passed through the Loavoi- Atrium into tlio Cathedral. Regular and secular clergy wero ranged on either side, and the procession consisted of six Archbishop- Princes, forty-nine Cardinals, eleven Patri- archs, six hundred and eighty Archbishops uiul Bishops, tAventy-eight Abbots, and tAventy-nino Generals of religions orders. In nil about eight hundred ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, Avho aa-us cariiod into the Cathedral ill the o\s tutorial chair. His Holiness first knelt some time before, the Sacrament, and the as semble then took their places in the Council- hall in seven roAvs. A Per mass had been chanted hv Cardinal Palrizi, the Archbishop of Tconium pronounced tho inaugural dis course. The Pope, Avho appeared to he ill tho enjoyment of excellent health, then gavo his benediction, tlio ceremony being carried out in exact accordance with the State programme. The tribunes of the Council-hall avoi-o occupied hv the sovereigns and princes present in Rome, the members of the diplomatic body, Generals Dumont and Kunzler, and tho Roman and foreign nobility. The Council-hall presented a most splendid and imposing appearance. After giving the benediction the Pope received the homage of the members of the Council. The appointed prayers folloAved, and the 'Pope three times iiiAoked the aid ot the Holy Ghost for the Council, a hymn to tho Holy Ghost being sung by the choristers. Persons not members of the assembly then rpiitted the hull. The prelates upproA-ed the decree opening tho Council, the To Dettm folloAved, and tho cere- mony terminated. The Empress of Austria aa-us 'present in the gallery set apart for foreign Sovereigns. The Aveutlior aa-us very had. On. December '.) the Pope read to the members assembled a short homily, in which he said that it had given him gieat pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the appointed day, and to see the bishops assembled in "reater numbers than ever. They had come to teach all men the voice of God, and to judge with the Pope under the auspices of the Holy Spirit on the ei rors of human science. The Church was stronger than Heaven itself; and iioav Avas the time to consider Avhat remedies were efficacious against the present oa'ils. Tho bishops should strive Avith him to secure peaceful iiess ill the monasteries, order in tho Church, and discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, tho Virgin, and the Holy Angels. Tho fourth sitting of the General Congregation was to he held on December 23. After tho election of the committee appointed to consider the questions relating to religious orders, tho assembly will probably enter upon the discus sion of certain proposals regarding dogmas of faith. Duelling is among the subjects an nounced for discussion by the (Ecumenical Council. The debate Avill lie opened by tho Bishop of Privas. Among other matters of speculation connected with the Roman Catholic Council it has become a question, not merely what these reverend seigniors Avill say (if thoy are to say anything), but Iioav they will say it. Latin, of course, is supposed to he the official tongue, but at a little rehearsal licit I (lie other dav they came to signal grief at once on the question of concocting the address to his Holiness in ansAver — more parlamcntieo — to his speech from the Chair, for it Avas found that all the Latin aA'ailuhlc did not suffice for a common conversation. A few American bishops proposed to substitute French, and things Aveut on smoothly for a few minutes in the tongue of tlm I lallicans, when the Bishop of Reggio protested against the profanation. Matters of the (ffiurrh eould only he treated ill Latin, he said, the Vulgate being Avrilten in that liolv tongue, and some one even suggested Christ, aud i I is Apostles as having spoken that tongue. And so the Latin debate aims resumed hv the lew avIio had mastered the language to a speakahlo degree. The others sat in silence, but Avhen it eamc to signing the address they did sign it all like men. Tin.- fnlloAving arc the names ol' those who lot m the committee on Anglican Orders in the Vatican Council: — Cardinals Reisarch and Citllen, the Archbishop of Baltimore, with Drs. Maiming and Ulla- thoriie. Had Dr. NeAvinan been in Rome, lie aa'ould have been asked to act as their secretary. The Tinas' correspondent gives us, in tho folluAvine- description, an admirable idea of tlio varied cnaracu-risties ol i.no ci-oavil attending ou the proceedings : — " Ofeoursu London, Avith its three millions, can get up a larger, multitude of men, on a good many occasions ; but it could not he anything liko so strange, so motlcA', so picturesque, and so surprising. Imagine all tho figures in all the pictures of churches, countries, cities, villages, by all tho Italian and all tho Dutch artists, Avalking out ol their frames, just as they are, and you havo tho ci-OAvd in vrhich I have been Avaiidoring liko a mole in a sunbeam. 1 nm living in . company with Raphael, Titian, Paul Veronese, and also Turners; for I have never seen more beautiful dresses, never moro quaint, never more savage and uncouth." Describing tho service, he says : — " Strange as it may seem to Eugliah Protestant ears, tho sorvico Avas incessantly going on at all tho altars in tlio church ; congregations avoi-o nssomblod at thotn, bolls avoi-o ringing, and responses chanted, and every noAV and then there avus a procession, Avith hell and candle, from ono part of tho church to another. In the very midst of sightseers, occupying ovoryAvhero tho most commanding positions, from tlio slightest to tho most dangerous elevation, priests avoi-o celebrating mass, as if tiioy Avero alone in tho vast solitudes of tho old basilicas hero. I must add that every ten minutes tho Avot-d of command avus givon in no gentle a-oico to somo body of soldiers, to clear uu aA'cnuc, push back a croAvd, or mako somo iioav combination. This they had sometimes to do in tho face of strong remonstrances. Loavoi- doAvn tho navo I hear tho thieves avoi-o plying their trade, Avith concerted attempts at disorder." 