PENOLA PASTORAL, AGRICULTURAL, AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY'S ANNUAL SHOW. This was held, as advertised, on Thursday, August 25, when the weather was all that could be desired by the most fastidious. The attendance was estimated at about 700 persons. The display of grain, root crops, dairy produce, flowers and plants, vegetables, harness, &.C., was in the commodious institute building recently erected, and the exhibits were credit able to all concerned. The Judges were early in attendance, aud their decisions gave general satisfaction. At 1 p.m. subscribers and their families were admitted to a private view prior to the admission of the general public at "2 o'clock. The spectators were proud of the success of the Exhibition, and the capacious Hall was filled to overflowing with the beauty and fashion of the district. Farming imple ments were on the plot of ground known as the Market-square, situated in the centre of the township, ami tlio horses, cattle, and sheep were located in a paddock adjoining: the Institute, and these classes were excellent in varieties and quality. The"shearing took placc on the ground at the rear of the Institute, and a large crowd of eager spectators was soon collected to witness the operation. Seven experts commenced clipping, each encouraged by the kind remarks of friends. The novelty of the scene to the general public, the large concourse of visitors, and the Penola Baud discoursing sweet music made truly an ex hilarating scene; while in the Market-square many a noble steed was displaying its paces to an admiring crowd, and hurdles were erected for testing the jtinipiug capabilities of not a few daring equestrian steeds. The sheep were unanimously asserted to be the best ever exhibited in the South-East, and man}' experienced squatters declared they had never seen a better collection of exhibits as a whole-indeed such was the opinion of even the unsuccessful competitors, and all seemed determined to be satisfied with anything and everything they witnessed. The visitors from Mount Gambier were par ticularly numerous and influential. Many experienced agriculturists expressed great satisfaction at the capital quality of the grain, and were loud in their praise -of all they saw, prognosticating the future greatness of this par ticular central district when the iron horse shall arrive snorting from Oasterton, picking up in its onward progress tourists from Penola bound for Itivoli Hay. They specially eulogized the inhabitants for their spirited and united action when any good work is to be performed, all seeming to work with a will, having for their motto, " In union is strength.''. But all things earthly must end, aud as the day waned aud old Sol was veering westwards, the visitors thought of home. A final inspec tion was made, good-S ty uttered, and lads and lassies hurried away. Subjoined is inc list of awards:- 1 Houses. ! I Judges-Mc>srs. C. <.. Doughty, J.P., Jas. , Gardiner, J. liunter, ami W. Wade. DUAl'tJUT .STOCK. Class 1-Draught entire, over three years oM, colonial cr imported, first prize, silver niedi! and i'5 ."s., A. J. Eda-ards's Benmore; 2nd, I certificate framed ami ~2<., J. Davis's Yonng i Agronomer. One otlier entry. Extra prize, silver cup, value £1010s., for the best colt or lilly of Benmore's stock of the j season 1SGH, presented 1 >y Mr. A. -3. Edwards, i Alex. McGrit-e's iilly. Only entry. j llust draught mare over -j yeai-s old, colonial ».>r imported, first prize, silver medal, J. Robertson's Fanner's (jlorv; 2nd, certificate, Ronald McDonald's, .3.1*., mare. One other . entry. j Draught colt, under 3 years old, first prize, i silver medal, A. J. Edwards's Young Benmore. i Only entry. ] Draught lillv, under 3 years old, prize, certi | ficate and i-'l is., Alex. McG rise's filly, by Ben l more. Only entry. BI.OOD STOCK. Thoroughbred stallion of any age, three entries, first prize, silver medal, J. Seymour's Soubadour: 2nd. certificate. Simpson & Ralston's two-year-old colt. Thoroughbred mare, any age, five entries, first prize, silver medal, John Rouertsou's Lady of the Lake; 2nd, oertilic3te, John Robertson s Star of the East. HACKNEYS, Jcc. Hack vp to 14 stone and above, five entries, first prize, silver medal, 11. M. Ronald's Grey Jack; 2iul, certificate, John Robertson's Prince. Hack up to 12 stone, eight entries, first prize, £1 Is.jGeorgeKiddocb'sDonald: 2nd, certificate, A. J. Edwards's Charlie. Carriage horses, three entries, first prize, silver medal, John Riddoeh's greys; 2nd, certificate, li. M. Ronald's Grey Jack and Rocket. Light harness horses, three entries, first prize, silver medal. John Robertson's Fanny and Bessy; 2nd, certificate, J. Gardiner's Ghost and Shadow. Single Limess hor.se, four entries, prize, certi ficate and £] 3s., J. D. Sutherland's Charley. Pony under 32 hands, three entries, prize, certificate, and 10s. Lid., Simpson & llalston's Pony by King Codger. liest shod hackney, six entries, prize, certi ficate and i'l Is., J. A. Watts. Best shod draught h.cse, two entries, prizu, certificate and i'l Is., Donald McKay. The last tv. o iivir.e.-s were awarded to shoeiug smiths. CATTI.K. Judges-Messrs. Gardiner, McCarthy, :uid Tiiley. Bull, any breed or age, one entry, prize, silver medal, John Iliddoeh, J.P. Cow (in milk), any breed or age, three entries, first prize, silver medal, Ronald McDonald, J.P.; 2nd, certificate and ills., Charles Drake. Two fat oxen showing most symmetry, fat, a«<l weight, one eutry, prize, silver medal, Alexander Kerr. Team of etght working bullocks, one entry, prize, i'l Is., Simpson & Ralston. SHEEP. Judges-Messrs. Robert Ralston, S. Koene, ami Todd. Two Merino ram.-, any age, 13 entries, first pri/e. silver media, James Gardiner; 2nd, cer tificate and ill 2-s., John Rol>crtson; 3rd, cer tificate, John Kiddoch. Two Mcriuo ewes, any age, l'i entries, first prize, silver medal, J. Gardiner; 2nd, certificate and A'2 2s., J. Robertson: 3rd, certificate, J. Robertson. Two two-toothed Merino rams, six entries, lirsl pri;'.e, silver medal, J. Gardiner; 2ud, cer tificate and £2 2s., J. Robertson: 3rd, certificate, J. Robertson. Two two-toothed Mcrii:<~, owes, 13 entries, first prize, silvc-r medal, Jas. Gardiner; 2u<i, certificate and i'2 2s., John Robertson; 3rd, certificate, J. Robertson. Five wethers as fat sheep, silver medal, Wm. Robertson. Merino rani any age, gold medal, James ! Gardiner. j Merino ewe juiy age, gold medal, William Robertson. KXTltA I'lUZKS. Pen 10 Merino nuns, three entries, silver cup, value £10 l<Js., William Robertson. Pen 10 Merino ewes, four entries, silver cup, value £10 lUs., William Robertson. SHKAI:IJ>«. Judges-Messrs. G. Riddocli, A. Mc El-.varus, and John McDonald. Silver medal for best sheep shorn 011 the | ground, seven entries, James Ellis. 1MC1S. Judges-Messrs. \V. Britt, R. Ralston, and J as. Uinpherston. Boar, any age or breed, prize £1 Is., John Riduoch, J.P., only entry. Sow, any age or breed, four entries, first prize, £1 Is., John Riddifli. J.P.: find, certificate, Alex. Kerr. ' Fat pig, price £1 Is., Alex. Kerr. _ , TOVWBY. Judges-Messrs. Brewster, E. H. Derrintrton, J.P., and A.W. McGregor, J.P. Turkeys^ best cock and pair of hens, one kind, two entries, prize, 10s. 6d., Mrs. Donald Me&rdiur.; Fowls, beet cock and pur hens, one kind, three entries, first prize, 10s. 6d.. J. Riddoch : 2nd, certificate, J. Riddoch. Geese; best gander and pair geese, two entries, first prize, 10s. 6d. J. Riddoch., Ducks, best drake and pair ducks, three entries, first prize, 10s. 6d., Mrs. McArthur: 2nd, certificate, Thomas McDonald. GRAIN. Judges-Messrs. A. P. Barrett, J.P., H. Rabone, and Jas._Umpherston, J. P. Wheat, eight entries, first prize, silver cup (value £10 10s.) ^presented by Mr. Wendt and £1010s. from Society's funds, John and Thomas McDonald, 66$ lbs.; 2nd. certificate and £1 Is., Ronald McDonald, J.P., 664 lbs. Oats, two entnes, prize, silver medal, J. Ralston (crown by Simpson and Ralston). Special prize, silver cup, value £7 7s., for best sample of wheat grown in South-Eastern District, eight entries, J. Riddoch, 65J lbs. FLOUR. Judges-Messrs. A. F. Barrett, J. P., H. Rittman, and Jas. Umpberston, J.P. Flour, shown by miller, prize, silver medal, two entries, Penota Mill, it was remarked that tlic inhabitants of the district should bo proud that tlie excellent soil produced such capital gram from which millers could manufacture Hour of so superior a character. ROOT CItOrs'KOK KODDEK. Judges-Messrs. Brewster, J. McDonald, and J. Ralston. . Hoot crops for cattle, two entries, prize, silver medal, R. McClure. Mangold wurtzel, two entries, prize, 10s. (Id., T. A. Wells. Beet, two entries, prize, 10s. (id., J. Riddoch. Carrots, three entries, prize, 10s. 0d., T. A. Wells. Special prize for potatoes grown within 20 miles of Penola, one entry, silver medal, R. McClure. UAiiEV troduck, &e.; Judges-Messrs. C. Aubrey, J. McDonald, A. McKeand, and S. McKcnzic. Five pounds fresh butter, five entries, 1st prize, silver medal, Ronald McDonald; 2nd, certificate and £1 Is., Mrs. I). McArthur. Jar salt butter, two entries, prize, silver medal, Mrs. D. McArthur. Two colonial cheeses, not less than 11 lbs each, three entries, first prize, silver medal, Robert Tucker; 2nd, certificate and £1 Is.. Ii. McDonald. Tiro colonial liams, two entries, prize, £1 Is., J. Kiddoeh. Two Hitclies colonial bacon, oue cntrv. liri/e. £1 Is., J. Riddoch. Hen eggs, four entries, prize, 10s. 6d., It. McDonald. Duck eggs, three entries, prize, 10s. (3d., Mrs. D. McArthur. James and jellies, mado by exhibitor, two entries, prize, 10s. (id., J. Riddoch. Two loaves bread, home made, sis entries, prize, il'l Is., Matthew Clarke. The exhibits in the produce department were ' varied, numerous, and excellent. Stoncyfeil colonial wine, exhibited by their South-Extern agent, Mr. J. J. Craue, well worthy of note-tliree red (No. 1 best), one white. i-ADIES* rmzEs fon FLOWERS. Judges-Messrs. Brewster, E. II. Derrincton. and A. W. McGregor, J.P. Collection plants in pots, prize, handsome cardcase, Miss Riddoch. Only entry. Bouquet, prize, silver bouquet-holder, Miss Jessie lliddoch. Two entries. FI.OWEBS. Anemones, one entry, prize, 3s. <id., W. Wilson. Hyacinths, one entry, prize, 3s. (3d., W. Jams, gardener for J. Riddoch. Pansies, one entry, prize, 3s. Od.', W. J arris. Crocuses, one entry, prize, 3s. (id., W. .Jams. Narcissus, two entries, prize, 3s. 6d., William W ilson. Hyacinths grown in pots, oue entry, prize, 3s. (xl., W. Jarris. Tansies, one entry, prize, 3s. (3d., W. Jarvis. Hand bouquet, not more than five inches diameter, one entry, prize, 3s. (id., W. Wilson. Collection of bulbous flowers, two entries, prize, 7s. (3d., W. Wilson. Collection cut flowers, exclusive of bulbous one entry, prize, 7s. fid., W. Wilson. Tabic bou.juet, one entry, prize, 3s. Gd., \V. Wilson. Best si:c plants in pots, one entry, prize, 7s. (3d., 51 rs. Riddoch. Extra exhibit of plants in pots by Mr. Brewster-A choice collection." VKCKTAIil.KS. Kidney potatoes, oue entry, prize, 3s. <jj., It. Tucker. Cabbages, two entries, 3s. (id., W. Wilson. Turnips, four entries, iirst prize, 2s. (3d., M. Clarke; second do., Is. od., R. Tucker. Carrots, two entries, prize, 2s. (id., R. Tucker. Best kept cottage garden not less than quarter of an acre, one entry, prize, silver me<ial, W. Wilson-" highly satisfactory." JJII'LKMKXTS, &C.; Judges-Messrs. T. Jlineklev, J.P.. ami A. Wliitford. General collection farm implements, one entry, prize, Society's silver medal, J. Ralston. General collection machinery for farming pur poses, two entries, prize, silver medal, W. Williams. Improved plough, three entries, prize,10s. (id., W. Williams. Cart, two entries, prize, 10s. (Id., D. McKay. Wagon, one entry, prize, 10s. <id., John Riddoch, J.P. HARNKSS. Judges-Messrs. C. G. Doughty and J. A. C. Hunter. Set cart harness for two, prize, certificate and 10s. (id., i[. Clarke. Only entry. Set buggy harness for two. six entries, prize, certificate and 10s. (3d., Grevc. Set plough harness for two, prize, certificate and 20s. 6d., Si. Clarke. Only entry. Single set buggy harness, three entries, prize, certificate and 10s. (id., J. Robertson. Riding saddle and bridle, seven entries, prise, certificate and 10s. (id., R. McDonald. KXTItA I'RIZKS. Best kept set harness, three entries, prize, £1 Is., James Gardiner. Best groomed pair horses,three entries, prize, i'l Is., J. Gardiner. BKEK. Judges-Messrs. A. J. Edwardsand W. Wade. Best barrel colonial beet, not less than 30 gallots, brewed in the South-Eastern District. Certificate and £1 Is., oue entry, Gocdecke au>l Sepligir-"An excellent brew." 3-"\Hri:iT.S XOT FOR fOM PETITION. Fair draught iiorses, draught colt, 12-stone hfi'jk, It. McClure & Son. Two cows for breed, K. McDonald, J.P, Four-wheeled buggy (new principle, a secret scat i, Thomas White, awarded honourable mention. Stripping-machine, winnowing >loM W. Wil liams. THE Di>->-Eit. Shortly alter 0 p.m. about 70 persons sat down to an excellent spread at tlie Prince of Wales Hotel, served in llost Edwards's superior manner, with viands rich and rare. Mr. John Riddoch, J.P., of Yallum Park, President of the Society, occupied the chair, and Mr. R. McClure the ?vice- chair. After the opening sentiments, His Excellency was honoured, the Chairman bearing testimony to the warm interest displayed in all subjects tending to advance the prosperity of the colony. "The Parliament," coupled with the late members, was given by the Vice-Chairman hi a neat, gene rous manner, advising patience before criticising too severely, and urging tliat the present repre sentatives should be allowed to slide a little before they were pulled up. lie highly eulo gized the conduct of the late members (Messrs. Riddoch and Umpherston), contending that, as representatives of the district, they had acted well, while the colony generally had their atten tion. Drunk enthusiastically. Mr. James Umpherston, J.P., responded, hintiug that he did not think a great deal of the present Parlia ment. From the way they were shaping he did not think the land question was well understood. H e had long lost hope of getting much good from Parliament. They gave the South-East as little as they could but promises. His late colleague liad served them faithfully, at much loss of time and in jney. The representatives retureud had i;o right to change their views uj>cn important subjects that thev had pledged themselves upon. The Chairman remaiked that Mr. Laurie's ideas on laud were very crude, aud it was wrong for a representative to pledge himself to a certain course. Good men should lie selected and con fidence _ reused in their judgment. From a requisition about a meeting of electors to con sider Mr. Laurie's views he had not much to fear. Constituents sometimes requested members to undertake tasks that would be difficult to perform, and incompatible with their duties. For instance, lie was once requested to insist that a certain criminal should be executed. He recom mended giving representativestime before judging them too harshly. Captaiu French proposed "The Clergy," when Father O'Connor re sponded. The indefatigable Acting Secretary, Mr. T. H. Acl.md, whose exertions and atten tion contributed much to success, read the report ofprices, fee., and Mr. T. Hinckley, J.P., gave " The Successful Competitors," pointing out the marked improvement upon the last Show, especially referring to the sheep as being the best the South-East had ever seen. Wheat was equally well represented, and generally So n til-Eastern resources had been well brought forward. This was warmly received. Mr. W. Wade returned thanks for Mr. W. Robertson; and Mr. James Gardiner, of Wando Vale, Victoria, responded, highly commending the exhibits of sheep as the best he had seen in any country district. Mr. John McDonald, as a prize- taker, responded, and said he had not anti cipated being successful, fearing lamer growers. Mr. G. Biddoch, J.P., proposed "The Judges," dilating briefly upon the satisfactory way the duties had been performed, although always an unsatisfactory position to occupy, from the im possibility to please all; for doubtless, however high abilities they might possess, if a duplicate set officiated, some slight difference of award might be given. Mr. Todd, on behalf of those who adjudicated on sheep, said the Judges had pleased themselves if they had not pleased exhibitors. Hie sheep were the best he had seen in the district, lie suggested encouraging Victorians to exhibit, remarking that the swamps of Victoria were detrimental to sheep. Mr. A. F. Barrett, J.P., on behalf of Grain Judges, said they had little difficulty in deciding as to the 10-guinca prize, but as to other samples great judgment was needed. Ho considered the Pcnola flour very good. Mr. Gardiner proposed "The Unsuccessful Competitors," the Chairman and Mr. John Robertson responding. The Hon. Secretary (Mr. W. F. Remington) gave " Kindred Societies," returning thanks to Mount Gambier, Colcraine, &c.;, for assistance, hoping to reciprocate. Mr. Dcrrington replied, dwelling upon the kind feeling existing between Mount Uambierand Pcnola; and Mr. Gardiner responded on behalf of his colony, he being the only Victorian exhibitor. Mr. Joseph Scott, humorously spoke for Apsley. Mr. J. 1). Sutherland pro posed "The Commercial, Pastoral, and Agri cultural Interests," briefly referring to the antagonistic feeling sometimes exhibited between squatters and farmers, tracing this to as early a period as that of Cain and Abel. A large portion of the district was not yet fitted for agriculture. Mr. Tilley spoke for the pastoral interest, having been under a cloud, and Mr. Umpherston con sidered that agriculture liad also been depressed, but hoped a better time was coming. Agricul ture should have greater facilities for its opera tion.*; each interest should assist the other, and easier access to markets were needed, as an outlet was required for produce. The encourage ment of manufactureswas also a duty incumbent upon legislators. The crain of that Show proved it had been well harvested, although it wanted weight. Wheat subjected to rain when being harvested would not weigh well. The Hon. Secretary replied for the commercial interest. Mr. Davidson, o£ Mount Gatnlder, ably gave " The Pcnola Pastoral, Horticultural, and Agri cultural Society." Drunk with honours. The Chairman, iu responding, spoke of the spirited manner in which the Vice-Chairman-the father of the Society-had always acted. The Society was but a few years old, and haul already developed itself wonderfully. He considered the exhibits very excellent. He had high hopes that next year the competi tion would be even better, although of the Eresent they had good reason to be proud. He ad never seen a show equal to it. They con sidered themselves highly honoured by the attendance of so many visitors from Mount Gambier, who materialy enhanced the success. The Vice-Chairman then toasted "The Visitors," and this having been cordially received, Messrs. Adam Smith, J.P., T. Hinckley, J.P., and Dr. Graham replied. For " The Ladies" the happy orator was Mr. Joseph Scott. Mr. Joseph Singleton gallantly replied, and humorously acknowledged the toast amid roars of laughter. The Vice proposed "The Chairman," as one well known, ready and willing to aid every good cause with time, money, and talent. Received with cheers, also for Mrs. Riddoch and the little ones. Sir. Riddoch cordially res-ponded, and gave " The Vice," to whom was largely due that day's success. After Mr. McClure tellingly responded, Mr. Charles Seymour gave " The Press," which was duly acknowledged, and thus closed the day's proceedings, as far as regarded the Pcnola Show of 1S70. 