PROMINENT TOPICS. CHRISTIAN CIVIL1ZGBS. THE Argus correspondent at Sydney, in his latest lucubration, states:— The new Solicitor-Genera), Mr. Salamons, is a Jew, and as the Treasurer, Mr. Samuel, belongs to the same persuasion, there might be some grumbling if there were two Jews and no Catholic )» the Cabinet. We have not yet arrived at that, pilch of Christian civilization which wi" admit of dispensing with inquiring into a man s religious opinions before his fitness lor political position is determined. Whose fault is it that Christian civilization goes ior nought in New South Wales ? Are the people of that colony, or we in this, to learn it from such shining exemplars as Parkes and Martin, or from the Sydney Morning Herald or the Argus f We trow not. When the acme of statesmanlike perfection in New Sioutli Wales is embodied in Parkes, Martin, and Buchanan, we may well feel proud that Catholic patriotism and energy have come to the rescue in that noble territory, and saved it from the ascendancy, of such a combination of political scoundrelism; for assuredly, three greater renegades or political knaves could not be found in all Australia. Parkes, the quondam liberal, the fierce assertcr of Ireland's riirlit to independence, and the abettor of young Ireland's physical force doctrines, is now flooding New South Wales with his vapid nonsense. exciting hostility to everything Irish; and. with another ghost of lviama, is gulling iiis infatuated dupes into a belief in his sincerity and pretended patriotism. When Sir James Martin was spurned in every constituency he sought to represent in New South Wales, he succeeded by tacking his course and representing himself as a Liberal and an Irish Catholic. He next allied himself with Parkes, and abetted that " Titus Oates" in his atrocious and infamous conspiracy against his benefactors, remaining dumb and approving, while Parkes was concocting his baseless and untruthful figments. The third partner in New South AVales " Christian civilization "— Mr. David Buchanan—having graduated in prison for desecrating the Christian religion by an act of public indecency, further made himself notorious by public harangues against the Queen and Prince Albert, and by his brutish conduct disgraced the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales. He forsooth, having so brilliant a character, with his nobile fratrum. (Parkes and Martin), are championed, and their various sins against the community are condoned by a press that affects to lead and to guide a wholesome administration of affairs in New South AVales. The Argus correspondent farther writes:— Never were the Roman Catholics stung into curb activity as by the ultra- ProteBtant victory •which sent Mr, Buohunan in for East Sydney. Tliey have worked with a will, not to say with a T.-ngeance. Mr. Buchanan's denunciatory harangue on the hustings has everywhere stung them to the quick, and their zeal was never more intense. Air. Robertson, vrlioin the first instance was surprised at his defeat, is now equally surprised !it hie subsequent SUCCCBB. He thought his cause lost after the ^pdney elections, but with the indomitable pluck which is one of bis good qualities, he shoved no sign of fear, and fought an uphill game with unfaltering energy. The Catholics are in /great force in the country districts, and thry have helped liiin with all their energy; and sumewhat to their own astonishment, as well as that of others, they have succeeded in putting nearly /twicc as many of their own number into Parliament us before. Not only have the electors shown favour to candidates .'who were Catholics, but they avenged themselves by relegating to, we hope, perpetual obscurity, Messrs. F.agar, Wilson, Stewart, Burns and Walker. Mr. William Forater, the present Minister of Lands, whose magnanimous conduct during Pal-lees's craze entities him to lasting gratitydtv.hasbefen reelected, and Mr. CowperacknowledgeB his re-election for the Live&Mtf; 'Plains in these terms:— *'' Not with such colleagues as these could I have co-operated, tven though urged by the strongest sense of duty; for my life,fa public one, as you all know, from a very -early age, has been marked by honest and consistent attachment to the Throne, strict adherence to the Protestant refprmed religion, and a love of the broadest principles of constitutional liberty. That Cfltluilics have supported with all their energy gentlemen like Messrs. Forster and Cowper, shows where" Christian civilization " findB true and steady friends. Thoee who on .platform, |fess, and pulpit create sue a infernal deities as liuchanan, Parkes, and Martin, and call upon all to fell down and "worship, are not to be epvisdi hut then they are ultra-Protestanta and "Christian civiKzers!" IT la at length determined irrarsTJsniAi, that JUp. BjTme, Treasurer, •VHftBSBS. andMr.Reeves, Mku^terof : f Public Works, are to retire •frcn office, owing to.^eifc^bein^-tiiuible to iinc caiistitaeacies to the legislative Assembly. J^^jgpohable t to Mr. laaghm^aiai^er for lie, as T^p^^'jBpceed > Mr. JLerfenl, mmberfbtthe i '^th^WifeStona^p- viuce, is to succeed Mr. Reeves in the office or Public Works. Those who have been blaming the Ministry for their aptitude in the old line of " How not to do it," will, if the above rumours be correct, believe that they can work when they make up their minds to it. THOUGH not usually concurring with Mr. Wrixon MB. WRIXON in his political views, we do AND HIS not fail to recognise in that CONSTITUENTS. gentleman admirable qualifications for political life. He must be included among the small number of our legislators who have sufficient education to fit them for respectably playing their chosen part, and with years aud experience he will gain stability of character, depth and breadth of view. His qualifications at present are faith, hope, aud charity, in a political sense; but wisdom and understanding will follow in good time. file honourable member for Belfast remains longer in the nonage of romance than most other gentlemen of equally good natural parts; but there are now almost every day signs that he is in the transition period, and that he will soon display a virility of intellect, and a soundness of understanding, of hich his fellow-colonists and his fellowcountrymen will have reason to be proud. Thus far his errors have been such as are excused by his inexperience, and he has escaped a fatal temptation to which some malignants of his faith exposed him. If it should seem at the opening of the next session of Parliament that his apprenticeship to political life has terminated, and that with more prudence and steadiness of purpose than he has heretofore exhibited, he is determined to act upon broad and liberal principles, offensive to no section of the community, the immature views of the past will be forgotten, and no one-will think of'charging him with inconsistency. In the latter days of the session Mr. Wrixon played well his part, aud we are glad to perceive that his constituents, ivlioiii he lately addressed, gave hiin a cordial reception. It is quite characteristic of tlic honourable gentleman that he inveighed strongly and indignantly against the growing corruption in our parliamentary institutions. What he said on this subject was to the point, and really instructive ; but we regret that, having justified his vote in connection with it, he did not make some reference to one or two of the more important measures the Ministry are to introduce upon the re-assembling of Parliament. This is the more surprising, as he gave his constituents to understand that we arc on the eve of a general election. But Mr. Wrixon, very probably, intends to take advantage of the next opportunity that may offer for conferring with them ou parliamentary questions of most interest. In the event of a general election, it would be an advantage to him that a geod understanding on debated points had been established between him and {hem. THE affliction' of spirit occasioned Dr. Perry by the ritu- DB. WERP.r alistic practices which: prevail AND TUB EiTtuusrs. amongst his clergymtfa, that right reverend gentlenan can no longer patiently endure. He mist have felt for a long time that his episcopalauthority was openly defied, and that if lr made no effort to enforce it he should consistently lay down thejiastoral staff. It was jknown thai altar lights, vestments, processions, and mute aids to religion in statuary or panting, were abominations to his traditionary instincts and Low Church principles, andtherefore it was both insubordination and f ontujnacy to copy Rome to that extent. I Very properly, Dr. Perry has at length comejo the Conclusion that a bishop without any iuthoiity to prevent innovations is a useless tjipugh aii ornamental piece of furniture, and thaj as fie (fid not contemplate a resignation of jissee ainl retirement from the world, its pomks and vjihities, he should make some effort tc have his authority respected. We must saf that Dr. Perry is right, though we. sympathize with the Ritualists. And the reverend gen- tleman will still be right, though the Eradiate should succeed in successfully resisting his authority. It is not fair for them to Jersist ia considering themselves members of acommunion which has been heretofore oppo&d; in aU its teachings and practices to the cl^ngea they are working. They regardthemlelvfis as reformers; but Dr. Perijris unqiieBti^mjr; right ip treating them as revolutionist^ who. are in rebellion against the constituted aiito*, rities. | They areagood, but jtffcer vmtfr people. They< wpmt the courage to gt*>nt &om; fiie communion to which they atfe dia - senterj, md to set up cur «stablishm^t 6f theirjbwnonindependent mighicallittbe way4iouii& and hey^t Pi tapti|ra to Jgdpn .... 'J*: " _ eaiicbatathfim jbutthey terminated. The sooner they take that step the better it will be for all parties. Dr. Perry does not want them; they are unfit for his company, and possibly after a brief stay at the Half-way-house they would more forward to Rome. This, certainly, is their destination as a body, though all of them may not be fortunate enough to arrive at it, and but few of them who are just now hanging ou to the Church of England, after forfeiting all right to be considered members of it. Their lights are improved, and if they will only trust to their guidance they will shortly be out of trouble. Dr. Perry is commencing with a Ritualist deacon before encountering a Ritualist priest. The .Rev. Rowland Hay ward, ofKew, is to be made the first example of; and for this we are sorry, for Mr. Hay ward is worthy the respect of every Christian. Dr. Perry has given him notice that he will not be ordained, and that he must resign his charge on the 31st March next. Poor gentleman ! he is a victim to the want of unionin the Communion to which he belonged. Educated in the Protestant College of St. Augustine, in England, whose pupils are all High Churchmen, he came under the jurisdiction of a Low Church Bishop, and hence the conflict that has arisen between them. How strong this testimony is in favour of the One, True, and Indivisible Church. THERE was one feature in the THE IBISH public celebrations of the late SOCIETIES holidays upon which we may most deservedly congratulate AND THE our countrymen, and to which HOLIDAYS. we now allude with unaffected pride. The formation of the Irish-Australian societies amongst them has already been followed by many advantages, not the least of which is that it has inspired them with a spirit of self respect, and practically-impressed them with the efficacy of co-operation for good purposes. We can remember no instance in which, at an Irish-Australian or Catholic Society's fete, the lawful limits of enjoyment was outstepped, or propriety in any respect violated ; and upon all occasions on which the members of these societies co-operated collectively with tjfose of other fraternities for any purpose whatever, their conduct has been marked by sobriety and self-respect in all particulars. Whether amusing themselves alone, or in company with the members of other societies, they haveexhibited some of the most admirable virtues of .free citizens, beingremarkable for the respectability of their appearance and the courteousness of their behaviour. During the late holidays they have upon their own impulse in some cases made their amusements contribute to charitable purposes, and in other cases they accepted with alacrity the invitation to join with their fellow-colonists in other societies for the same good object; and in all instances of the kind their conduct has been of a character to elicit the common dalions of the press. If to us alone it seemed that the IrifAi-AuBtralian societies at their open-air fetes merited complimentary notice, we should be silent on the subject, for we could scarcely pretend to he impartial judge in a matter of this kind, and we could bardl' expect to be regarded as such. But wit] the complimentary opinions of the press generally to justify the favourable opinions we entertain of our countrymen's conduct at thenpublic gatherings, it would be a, neglect of duty on our part to refrain from ejfpressini them. It is scarcely necessary for us to adi hat we haytobserved with much, pleasure the friendly and kindly feelings which -have revailed between Irishmen and colonists of ther nationalities, in each instance in which hey have assembled together &r; amusement nd purposes of charity*, Such feelings, we ave always contended, may he advantaeously cultivated without injury to that pirit of nationality which it is desirable should istinguish. every Irishman at home and broad. OHANGEISM HOT BECTABIANISM. " AM application was made, on Tuesday, 4th Januaiy, to the Minister of Lands, for a grant of land, in some part of East Collingwopd,. whereon to erect a Protestant, Hall. Mr. M'Kean objccted.to granting sites &r; purposes so purely sectarian. It was poiiited out to him that a grant of money hid been niade by the Assembly toww^.^^ostitotibii-at Abbotsford, that was notoiioualy sectarian in char?icter. In answer jto thls, sMr- M'Etean eferred to the djacuwipn, which '^j&V;&faeiv; pl^fin Parliament,; ip prder to jhbw'tjmtp pf tMJu4 Jb^'j^m-i^ilfe-.^tijf'' rr^ilnnnn <W Aki not be I— con-. t^y^heidepV': nati^jAJr, ppli&£on wa? - Ur-- heprOposedsite Ie wnhjt^d uMpBes,andforihe Mr. M'Kean, the Minister of Lands, hesitating to grant the land when the applicants were not representing Protestantism, but quite another ism—Orangeism. The names of Messrs. Page, McDonnell, Patterson, and Emerson, and their appearance at Orange festivities, must have been well known to Sir M'Kean. When the Orange Society holds' Us meetings openly, as the St. Patrick's and other societies do, its operations may be left to the discrimination of the public, and receive the support of Government and people according to its deserts. But while it has only one object, and that is hate and hostility to Catholics, every honourable mind must shudder at a coalition so diabolical. The reference made to Abbotsford was malignant and untrue; the doors of that institution are not closed against any erring female who seeks its refuge and protection. The Industrial and Reformatory Schools at Abbotsford are the source of immense moral and economical advantages to the country, and to have the aims and objects of such institutions mentioned in the same breath with Orangeism is as light to the darkness. Protestantism is not Orangeism, and this Mr. M'Kean well knows. 