THIS OULMENICAL COUNCIL. i from the letter a on the Ceneipsmhnt J the Tall Mall Gazette,) ROME, January I. The course of the Council so far has been ODO to the surprise of all parties. Until now, it has indeed been to the apparently distinct advantage of those who by (cromen acceptance are termed the Opposition ; but this advantage has been the result of procedure not contemplated beforehand, and of a turn in the deliberations for which the Biibcpp, as a body, were certainly not prepared. There is now disclosed a compact ecclesiastical opposition to the views prevailing in the Court of Rome. One fact will bring some the extent of the disappointment that must be at the moment vexing the hearts of the Jesuits Every day proves more find more (if proof be still wanting to convince some that the Civlltu Cattolica, in its statements about the Council, has been throughout the organ of direct Papal inspiration. The foroBhadowiuga of topics on which this assembly would have to announce have been fully confirmed by the official propositions submitted to the bishops. 'who Curtis, therefore, were in full possession of the Pope's mind on these matters when still secret for the rest of even the Sacerdotal world. It must then also be credited with having given expression to in anticipation confidently entertained in the same high quarter, when it predicted that by the end of the year the Council would have proclaimed by Stanton the blessed dogma of the Holy Father's per Royal infallibility. The year has come to its end, and the fathers, so far as they have at all spoken, have done so only in a (one extremely derogatory to any such supposed infallibility. One of them even ventured to designate cer um propositions submitted by the Pope for their appro Inlion as deserving only of oblivion, while the Austrian Bishops SlroEtmeyer, at the last sitting, boldly impugned (ho Pope's right to prescribe any such limitations no the action of the Fathers as are laid down by him in his ordinance The Bishop was immediately called to order by the Legato, and told that it was not competent for him to question any point on which the Pope had pronounced himself. For a couple of minutes the rebuked Bishop sat silent, and then, rising again, continued in powerful language to criticise what he presumed it could not be incompetent for him to deal with, the substance of the propositions before the Assembly. The Speech is re ported to have been singularly trenchant!, and the impression produced on the audience was general. The burst of bold speech, followed, as it was, by words more tempered, but also distinctly in the same sense from other Bishops) may be destined to bring things to a sudden crisis. The Pope has actually gone the length of formally inhibiting the Bishops from consultation and concert. Some days ago an order from the Vatican intimated to the Bishops that it was not lawful in Rome for them to assemble, as they have done, in something like national casinos. Thereupon Cardinal Fischer, the Archbishop of Vienna, and author of the now notorious Concordat, took it upon himself to deny this act of unprecedented arbitrariness, and to open his own rooms for the use of the German prelates who found themselves shut out from the locality where they had been in the habit of most ing under Cardinal Schwan-enburg's presidency. But now the Pope has gone a step further. The Opposition Bishops had formed a kind of directing Board with nine members three French, three German, and three English speaking Bishops. They are all of them eminent men indeed, their homes represent the flower of the Episcopate. By a most inexplicable stretch of authority, the Pope has forbidden these nine Bishops from having conference among them ROME, January 5. The Fathers of the Council assembled for the first time this year on the 3rd, when the Mass of the Holy Ghost was solemnised by Monsignor Barrie v Fernandez, Archbishop of Valencia. The oldest of the Cardinal Legates then pro noticed a funeral oration on the four Fathers who have died since the opening of the Council, and who are the Cardinals de Reinach and Pontin, Monsignor Manostyrsksi (Bishop of Przemysl), and Monsignor rrftsoolla (Bishop of Fogs). At the close of the oration the Secretary General announced the nomination of Cardinal de' Angelis to the port of Legate of the Pope in the Council, in the place of Cardinal de Reinach, of Cardinal Bilioto the presidency of the commission of dogma, and of Cardinal Catering to the presidency of the commission of ecclesiastical discipline. The secretory also proclaimed the names of the twenty four members of the commission on religious orders. The Council, after these formal proceedings, resumed the debate on rationalism, The tribune was occupied successively by four orators, who endeavoured to make themselves heard ; but the Official Journal, which has hitherto given an authorised list of the speakers, is silent as to their names. The increasing boldness of the Opposition has led (ho Pope to forbid this approach to publicity, and the Council is now to be shrouded in deeper mystery than ever. I have been able, however, to ascertain that the four speakers were Cardinal Trevisanato, Patriarch of Venice ; Monsignor Hasenc, Armenian Patriarch of Cilicia ; Mon- signor Manning, Archbishop of Westminster and Monsignor Gastaldi, Bishop of Palazzo, The Archbishop of Westminster' made an elaborate defence of the proposed decrees schemata decretum et canonum which was severely criticised by the other three bishops. Yesterday the Council held another meeting. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by the Archbishop of Westminster, and was no sooner concluded than the debate was again resumed. Of the eight bishops who carried on the discussion I am at present able to tell you the names of two only namely, Monsignor wrote, Bishop of Savannah, in America, and Monsignor Gaudolfi, Bishop of Civita Vecchia. The Bishop of Savannah spoke warmly against the schemata, " Before I became a bishop, he said, " I was a mariner ; before I learnt theology I was taught the exact sciences. As a man of the age and of progress, I protest against the doctrines of the Jesuits, which are not those of the Church of Jesus Christ. The Church should not, cannot, put science on the Index." These words will give you an idea of the struggle opening and daily expanding in the Council, and to which the mal- content bishops, particularly those of Germany and the United States, are at each meeting giving more and more vigour. Yet the partisans of the dogma of infallibility are blind to these signs, and will take no warning. Notwithstanding the statements which have appeared in different journals, you may be assured that the Vatican is determined to fight out the battle, and the dogma will soon be brought forward, i s i , j a ROME, January, 7. Yesterday the Council held its second public session, and, to meet the requirements of the occasion, the Hall was restored to its original condition, the Pope's throne and altar being placed where they first stood and the bishops' seats given their original range. Tpo Pope entered the Hall with the customary pomp and took his seat on the throne, when grand Mass was celebrated, in the presence of the assembled Fathers, by Cardinal Fatrizi, sub-dean of the Sacred College. Mass was followed by the chanting of the Litanies, and by the Pontifical benediction, in pronouncing of which the Holy Father made the sign of the cross six times, and concluded by intoning the "Veni Creator.", On resuming his seat on the throne, he was approached by the two promoters of the Council, Messrs. Bominlcia-ToBtl and Ralll, consistorial advocates, who asked permission for the Fathers to make the profession of faith inscribed by the Apostolic Constitution of the ides of November, 1544, in the Pontificate of Pius IV. The Pope sweated, and first recited the creed himself, when he pro wanted the book to Monsignor Valenziani, Bishop of Fabiano. The Bishop instantly proceeded to the tribune, and there read the creed in a loud voice, At the conclusion the Fathers successively left their seats, and knelt down before the Pope, laying their right hand on the open Gospel, ud pronouncing these words ; "Ego, N. K. ipondo,vovco.' et pure juice formulae percolator. do me Dens driver of bice Sancta DeiEvangelia." Each bishop also stated his name and the name of his diocese, finishing by kissing the book. The cardinals approached the Pope one by one, the bishops in twos, till this was found to occupy too much time, when the bishops advanced in fours. Still the ceremony of taking the oath consumed more than three hours. The promoters then stationed that the transaction should be recorded in the Official Acts;, and the apostolic prothonotary's, turning towards MonSigner Paced, the major dome, and Monsignor vicar, the grand chamberlain, said aloud, "Oonfloiemus TOWS tOBtibUB." The Pope terminated the sitting by intoning the" Te Deum;" and the fathers, who had assembled at 9 j clock in the morning, were released at half-past 2 in the afternoon. Two CensOR will told its next private sitting to-morrow, The fact of the public sitting having passed off without ice promulgation of a single decree has put the Opposition a high spirits. The sitting was not attended by the Empress of Austria nor by the King of Naples; and, putting aside the Prince of Hohenzollern, the royal tribune was occupied exclusively by the dethroned Italian princes NSW v 1LS?nsort8, ^ the diplomatic corps was present at the tribune appropriated to illustrious personages was Jews M h^w<"" guarded by the Knights of Malta and «?Ä8.£aSra' JJ h? sitting of to-morrow the Fathers witntaV head last commission, that of rebut rates In my last I was able to give the names of only two of the speakers in the adjourned debate in the Council. The .iVr.erB\0-?e.moï? m nurse than I supposed, were-Mon 5AV¿^le^araonLAr¿hmBho.P °! Sens; Monsignor Bneuo and Monsignor Jean Baptiste Greith, Bishop of attacked the schemata, and declared wholly against them ( uf^e-bola,n!8B "1916 opposition Bishops astonishes the Roman prelates, who, as the fierce words ring through the ball, hardly believe their own ears. «Boyouwuh my venerable brothers," cried the Archbishop of Halifax '" to know my opinion of the schemata ? Well, then, wish til these decrees to be buried in the depths of the earth and never to be mentioned again." The magnificent oration After Strossmayer tin not spare the Pope has left seminaries to Row" he was, not to tfii'"??» J"" í° é*0T' Hence " " necessary to invite the Holy Father to be present at all our discussions for if we we nothing without the Pope, the Pope in his hands Plant show tills pomtthatCardVnàl Make *»»?«»«'*.*. ,(«ja uoftardSîl di W M stated by public rumour), called Monsignor Strossmoyer 9 ^vA"0' Council a«embW0>ttu.7Zrnu,gat »V«ABí?í"ContiS,ne F? B P'iTOte congregation Affair 6 38- on £5 "Tamata decretum. After the uSSSÎSà thaT" (What of the CardinaÄatea .MíMcsatnatihe pope had appointed Cardinal fiSmrf president of the deputation of regular order. The debate was then resumed, but I have not yet learned the names of the speakers, and at this moment can only tell you there was another adjournment, which carries the discussion forward till next Mon 'ay, approaching the middle of January, the Council has now sat a month without having proved ft single decree, or Bottled an end point of the multitudinous question! to be brought under consideration, and there is no sign of a termination to the prompt debate. There are still many bishops to appoint, and up to the sitting of to-day none of the orators have been limited to time : but it is now proposed to make a standing order on this point, OF otherwise the debate may be protracted for months. The subject was mentioned yesterday in the Commission on Dogma at its first meeting at the Vatican, under the presidency of Cardinal Bible. A good deal of feeling was shown at the opposition evinced in the Council to the projects of decree?, particularly as regards the complaints of Monsignor Slroasmojor and Monsignor Gonouilhao and several members expressed a willingness to consider the objections and after the form of the decrees. Other members remarked that the Opposi- tion, while loud in protests, had not proposed an amendment. To this it was replied that The committee should take advantage of this omission, and itself bring forward an amendment; but the question was left undecided. The chiefs of the Opposition were instantly informed of the distribution of the memorandum on Infallibility, and before the day expired they sent round a memorandum opposing the dogma. But this document, though ably drawn up, is unsigned while that of the Infallibility bears forty signatures, which gives it a great advantage, and the circulation of the anonymous memorandum is regarded by the public as a false step. There is an absurd rumour here that the Opposition has cast its eye on Monsignor Dupnnloup as the successor to Pius IX,, in case of the FOLLOWS death during the sitting of the Council. Monsignor Dupnnloup, in the first place, is ineligible for the Papal chair, not being a Cardinal and in the next, he has never been thought of for it. At the same time, the Pope shows no sign of dying, being in better health than he has enjoyed for some years, though he has lost his vivacity, and become very reserved, in which point, indeed, he resembles Monsignor Duponloup, who now hardly opens his lips. Cardinal Mathieu is on the eve of returning here. He went to France, as I informed you at the time, on the business of his diocese, and, though very discontented, did not abandon his duties in the Council. Several Austrian and Hungarian bishops have asked the Pope for a similar leave of absence and as the Holy Father believes their presence in the Reichsrath will be serviceable to the Church, their request has been granted, ROME, January 10. The measures' adopted to surround the Council with greater secrecy are taking effect and up to this moment not a word has transpired respecting the sitting of the 8th, except that four bishops took part in the debate, and that one of these orators was Monsignor Dechampa, the Ultra- montane Archbishop of Malines. In the setting of this morning no less than nine bishops notified their intention to speak, but two of the number withdrew their names, probably because the other speakers anticipated what they had to say. The debate on rationalism was thus brought to a close, the various objections to the doctors, as well as the arguments in their favour, being referred to the Commission on Faith, which is to consider the whole subject and make a report to the assembly. The sitting of this morning concluded with another distribution of papers referring to projects bearing- on discipline. As the Fathers will require at least five or six days to examine those documents, the Council cannot meet again before Saturday, the 15th. Meanwhile, the Opposition may be considered as having triumphed in the late debate. The Commission on Dogma, yielding to the suggestions made by some of its members, as stated in my letter of yesterday, is taking into serious consideration the various protests, particularly those of Cardinal Rauachtr and Monsignor Tiztoni, and is giving the schemata an entirely new form. Whether this will be one to satisfy the Opposition, or whether there will be a renewal of the discussion, is yet to be seen ; but the composition of the commission does not inspire confidence. Cardinal Bills, the president, keeps up the Jesuit influence, and has given the poet of secretary to the Jesuit Father Franklin, priest of the Imperial palace of Vienna. Still, the concessions to the Opposition have greatly discouraged the Infallibility. The chiefs of the party now believe they can only succeed by acting promptly, while delay must tell in favour of moderation, and consequently of the Opposition. This has led the ultras to start a petition to the Supreme Commission de postulates, energetically demanding the pro- mulgation of the dogma of infallibility. The petition, which was circulated secretly and with great rapidity, has received the signatures of 450 bishops-in fact, of the whole retrograde party, so that we now know the exact strength of the majority. On the other hand, 300 Fathers are ranged in the Opposition, a body too powerful to be stamped out. But the Jesuits hope to effect this result, and every day they present the Pope with address, which members of their order transmit from all parts of the world preying the Holy Father, in the most fervent terms, to insist on the promulgation of Pontifical infallibility. Many of these addresses come from France. I near that the speeches delivered in the Council on the schemata decretcrum are being printed from the reporter's notes, and that the sheets will soon be distributed to the Fathers. The Archbishop of Paris has at last made a sign, by offering his saloons to the French Opposition for its private conferences. The English and Irish bishops have been preaching to English flocks at St. Andrea della Valle where the course includes sermons by the Rev. IBOOCT Becker ¡ Dr. Moriarty, Bishop of Kerry; Dr. M'Gill Bishop of Richmond ; Dr. Ullathorne, Bishop of Birmingham and Dr. Manning, Archbishop of Westminster, i in, ROME, January 12. 7 The" seven Fathers of the Council who continued the debate in the sitting of the 10th were-Monsignor Haynald, Archbishop of Colocza, in Hungary ; Monsignor Papp Szilaggy, Bishop of Grand-parade, in the same country ; Monsignor Ebedicau Chsjat, ChUdean Bishop of Amadia ! Monsignor Meignan, Bishop of Chalons: Monsignor Spilattoa, Bishop of Tricarioo ; Monsignor Micaleff, Bishop of Cotta di Costello ; Monsignor Salzano. Bishop of Tones in parties, The next convocation is convoked for Friday, the 14th, when the secretary will proclaim the twenty-four members of the Deputation on Oriental Kites and Missions. In anticipation of this event the missionary bishops, whose proceedings. and system will be under investigation, are holding meetings in the saloons of Cardinal Baroabo, prefect of the Propaganda, and drawing up new schemes of organisation". The termination of the debate on the schemata decyetontm in favour p the Opposition, without even an attempt at a division, has produced a salutary effect on the Deputation for Dogma; and at the meeting of yesterday Cardinal Bilio delivered a very conciliatory address, recommending the commission to apply itself zealously to putting the projects of decrees in a form that would obtain the unanimous assent of the Council. But the retrograde party show no sign of giving way on the question of infallibility. Up to this morning they have been unable to make a single addition to the 450 signatures attached to the petition to the Supreme Commission ; but the Spanish episcopate, besides joining in this movement, have got up a petition of their own, praying for the dogmatic definition of the dogma, and they have signed this memorial en masse. I may mention here that the Opposition protest against the regulations of the Council, prescribed in the brief " Multiplies Inter,'? has received little attention at the Vatican, owing to its having been signed by only twenty-five bishops. The number of signatures is a very important element in these appeals. The Council will hold a third public sitting either on the' day of the Chair of St. Peter, or towards Candlemas, when the Pope hopes to promulgate the decrees on Rationalism in the modified form they are now to take. The French and American bishops have presented to the Supreme Commission a memorial for the abolition of the regulations for maintaining secrecy in the Council, which they declare to be opposed to the spirit of the Gospel, and the teaching of Jesus Christ This appeal, however, like that against the brief " Multiplies Inter, is expected to receive no other answer than a smart reproof. The authorities are very austere to small movements, and the Pope yields nothing. I hear that the Holy Father has thought much of Cardinal Antonelli declaration that the dogma of infallibility cannot be separated from the question of the temporal power, and he has determined to try both issues. The question of the temporal power is to be brought forward in the course of the discussion on the separation of Church and State, I should hesitate to report this design if my information were not derived from a source which has never misled me. There is, I believe, no intention of actually erecting the principle of the temporal power into a dogma, but it will be placed in such position as to carry dogmatic authority. Otherwise, it is argued, the successor of an infallible Pope may renounce a sovereignty which is the basis of the Holy See. You have, no doubt, heard the canard about a newspaper correspondent stealing into the Council hall in the vest ments of an Oriental bishop, for the purpose of taking notes of the debates. It is a pity to spoil such a good story, but the only foundation for it is that a Neapolitan priest, of no good odour, was found concealed in the saloon der para ment with the cross of one of the bishops in his possession. He was taken into custody, and is now in the dungeons of the Inquisition. ROME, January 15. The question of infallibility continues to be the all engrossing topic here. The petition in favour of the dogma, which was drawn up by Monsignor Martin, Bishop of Paderborn, makes no advance on the 450 signatures ; yet the retrograde party are boasting that only twenty-five bishops now oppose the proclamation of the dogma. A day or two ago a bishop personally urged the Pope to forbid , the discussion of the subject, when the Holy Father asked 1 him Whether he spoke for himself or in the name of other « says' " ^ ePeah only for myself," replied the prelate, And can you wish," answered the Pope warmly, I C A. * would impose the opinion of two dozen Si , the Wrshops on the remaining 700 p " The Holy Father listened more calmly to the Bishop of Orleans, who, in a long interview, recently expressed his opinions to him on this and other questions in agitation, The Pope, however, was very guarded in his replies, and ?"*?% will be little influenced by the Bishop's counsels. I believe the principle of the temporal power is to be asserted in a canon, which will also recommend that the foreign occupation shall be perpetual and there are whispers of violent measures in preparation against Italy, such as a solemn excommunication by name of Victor Emmanuel and his Ministers, and even an interdict of the Italian kingdom. Whether the Pope can be driven to such lengths is doubtful, but his advisers are believers in the carriages: and hitherto he seems to have placed himself entirely in their hands,, ' ' ' £il$A¿<l*e'Hata *«"«Wttm of ecclesiastical discipline, when the Council is to discuss to-morroW embraces only two propositions. The first relates to the provincial council of bishops, to diocesan synods, and to vicar general and the second to vacant epiicopalseea, accepts late years, and to chapters. The principal Italian bishops are urging the Pope to reduce the number of religious sales. The Holy Father is not rproEid to this revision of the calendar, which is urgently desired by the Italian Government ; but he re- quires that a certain number of the bishops (-full address him a formal memorial on the subject, The Holy Father Uti'ed the Bishop of Foggin JUST before his death, and remained with him for some time, talking of the Church in Its cost of maintaining so many bishops is pressing heavily on the Pope, and for her contributions must come in for his exchequer will be exhausted, Yet at this moment General Kanzler is adding another troop to the Holy Father's regiment of dragoons, and clamouring for the in- dispensable funds. The Council of Ministers refuses to junction the outlay-not, however, on the ground of economy, but because General Kanzler made his application to the Minister of Finances into id of to the Council itself. Departmental etiquette is an Beneitivo at the Vatican are at Whitehall, and almost as obstructive. But General Kanzler intends to got over the difficulty by appealing to the Pope direct. _ , , ,, ROME, January 14. This morning at 9 o'clock the Council assembled at St. Peter's and after the celebration of the Mass of the Holy Ghost by the Archbishop of Florence, proceeded to elect the deputation for Oriental Rites and Apostolic Missions. The President Cardinal Legate then delivered an address to the Fathers, adverting to the publicity which had been given to King of the transactions in the Council admonish- ing them of the secrecy demanded by these solemn consulta- tions of the Church, and exhorting them to be careful for the future of any indiscretion in this reaped. His Eminence also spoke of the importance of time and recommended the Fathers to be as brief as possible in their remarks, not seeking to make speeches of display, but confining themselves to the delivery of opinions calculated to promote peace and order in the Church. At the conclusion of this address the Council! entered on the, discussion of the two projects of decrees relating to discipline, which are likely to be severely criticised. To-day speeches were' delivered by five bishops. among those who have inscribed their names to speak are oneignor Dorboy, Archbishop of Paris, and Monsignor Iiupankup. I am informed that the Archbishop of Paris has prepared a brilliant oration on the project relating to bishops, condemning it in-the . strongest terms. He has been heard to say that the project treats at great length of the duties of the bishops, but m" altogether silent respecting their privileges and rights".' ' 3'" 4' 5 6 The Vatican now asserts that (he phalanx ' arrayed on the side of authority has daunted the, ÇPPIriiHori»,. so that its members no longer dare to express their opinions openly, but have left the movement to a Commission, composed of the boldest and most violent of their number. ' It was this commission, they tell us, that drew up and signed the memorandum against infallibility. From the same quarter we learn that the Pope received the memorandum with derision, and wrote upon it the word "Negative." But I believe this statement to be as false as the first. ' The petition in favour of infallibility, however, has certainly gained ground, the signatures having increased to 500, which was originally stated to be the number of the majority. But the additional fifty is no doubt composed of the waverers, who waited to see how the balance would turn. The reactionists declare, indeed, that the petition bears 600 signatures ; ' but, though all the powers of the Vatican have been brought into play in its favour, only 500 bishops had signed up to this morning. The Bishop of Orleans is said to be satisfied with the assurances of the Pope on the subject. The Holy Father said he had convoked the Council from a belief that such a step was required by the state of the Church, and that he wished every bishop to express his opinions freely, and vote according to his conscience. After dismissing Monsignor Dupanloup, the Holy Father received another bishop, who is a member of his household and this prelate, on coming out, was asked if the Pope had spoken about Monsignor Dupanloup, ," He spoke of him plainly enough," answered the prelate, who belongs to the reactionary party : " he called him Judas," ' This story was reported both to the Pope and Monsignor Dupanloup, and greatly incensed the Holy Father, who declared the prelate had told a He and an officer was sent to tell him he must go and ask pardon of Monsignor Dupanloup before he appeared again at the Vatican. ROME, January 20. At the sitting of the Council this morning, after the celebration of the Mass of the Holy Ghost by the Archbishop of Milan, the secretary announced the names of the Fathers elected to the Deputation on Oriental Rites and Missions. The commission is composed largely of Eastern pi el tee, but includes Dr. Grant, Bishop of Southwark, and Dr. Lynch, Bishop of Toronto. As soon as the names were proclaimed, the two first projects on discipline were again brought under discussion, and led to an animated debate. The principal speaker was Monsignor Melchers, Archbishop of Cologne, who, in a long and eloquent speech, attacked every part of the proposi- tions. The Archbishop added force to the arguments used by Cardinals Schwartzenberg and Mathieu, and the primate of Hungary, in the sitting of the 14th, while his language was characterised by great moderation. The speech produced a deep impression on the Fathers, particularly when he reminded them how constantly the Holy See had encroached on the privileges of the bishops, who were now by these decrees to be deprived of the right of nominating their vicar-general. Five other bishops took part in the debate, and pronounced against the decrees. It is probable that great opposition will be excited also by the new projects of decrees which related, to the lives of the clergy; and 2, to the Little Catechism. The design of the last proposition is to prescribe one catechism for the whole Catholic Church. There is now a doubt whether the Council can hold its third public session on February 2, as intended. The Commission on Dogma finds it impossible to modify the schemata on Rationalism so as to satisfy the malcontent bishops, unless it ignores altogether the labours of the pre- parative committee; and in this is not done the presentation of the report must lead to a renewal, of the debate. The sole object of the proposed sitting of February 2 is to pro- mulgate the decrees, and these must first be brought again before the Council, and receive its sanction Some time ago the retrograding gave out that they would be supported by Monsignor Hefele, Bishop of Battenburg, who was to receive the Pope's hospitality at 'the Quirinal The Opposition, however, speak confidently of the steadiness of Monsignor Hefele, and, as he has just; arrived in Rome, we shall soon hear his opinions from his own lips. "i it i Very strict orders have been given at the telegraph office to transmit no despatches from the Gallican party or the Opposition. At St. Peter's the Swiss guards keep the public at a greater distance than ever from the Council hall, so that now it is not only impossible to hear the > voices of the speakers, but difficult even to catch the sound of the President Legates bell. As the retrograding persist in asserting that the petition in favour of infallibility has received 600 signatures, I have been at pains to learn from a high source at the Vatican the exact position of the question, and I believe the facts may be relied upon ; but the deductions must be regarded' as the partial conclusions of one who supports the dogma. The Supreme Commission has received tb,ree,postulata in favour of the definition of the dogma. The first post ' Mum, avoiding the term infallible, uses the words, ' "supreme cheque as errors immune auctoritas Supreme Pontificate." This petition is signed by 400 bishops. The second postulate is from the Neapolitan bishops', and is much more pronounced. The words used are, "Romanes Pontifex in. omnibus rebus sides of moran infallibility.'' The third postulate is from the Spanish bishops, who go far beyond the others, and adopt the dog as it was held by grand inquisitor in the age of Philip II. The three petitions give a total' of 500 signatures. None of the petitions has been signed by a member of the sacred College. The other abstainers are all the members of the Commission de Postulate and of the Deputation on Dogma, all the bishops and archbishops resident at Rome, and all the bishops and archbishops who, though favourable to the proclamation of the dogma, wish the question to be fairly discussed in the Council without pressure. According to this view, the dissentients do not exceed fifty, and, the proclamation of the dogma may be considered as certain. But, I repeat, my report comes from a partisan, though one who is well informed, and who states only what he believes. Nor can it be denied that many have joined the Infalliblists from a belief that the Pope is committed to the dogma, and that its rejection by the Council, after the subject has been so much agitated, would deal a heavy blew at his authority. The Empress of Austria has gone. ROME, January 21. The speakers at the meeting of the Council the day before yesterday wore Monsignor Spaccapietra, Archbishop of Smyrna; Monsignor Dorboy, Archbishop of Paris ; Monsignor Melchors, Archbishop of Cologne ; Monsignor Gandolfi, Bishop of Civita Vecchia ; Monsignor Pariatore, Bishop, of San, Marco; and) Monsignor Oharbonneaux, Bishop of Tasso in parishes. Both Monsignor Melchers and Monsignor Darboy delivered brilliant orations, and were listened to with marked I attention. Monsignor Darboy attacked the two decrees relating to bishops in their whole bearing, and denounced them as subversive of episcopal rights, and a new step in the policy of encroachment. Monsignor Melchers followed the same line of argument, but spoke with even more energy, taking the decrees point by point, and un- masking, in a bold and relentless manner, the designs of the Court of Rome, or, rather, of its present advisers, the Jesuits. This morning, after the celebration of the Mass of the Holy Ghost, according to the Maronite rite, by the Archbishop of Cyprus, the debate was renewed, and five more bishops delivered their opinions on the decrees. One of these orators was the Bishop of Orleans, who to-day made his first speech in the Council, and, on his appearance in the tribune, riveted all eyes. Monsignor Dupanloup did not disappoint the general expectation. He speaks Latin as fluently as French, and his fine clear voice made it almost as comprehensible. The speech was a vigorous defence of the rights of bishops, and og energetic a denunciation of the decree, which he placed in the same, light as Monsignor Melchers. I may remark here that, on the great question of the day in Rome the Bishop of Orleans has found an unexpected adversary, no other than an English Protestant, Mr. David Urquhart, This gentleman, whose name you have heard before, has stepped forward as the champion of infallibility, and an amusing correspondence has passed between him and Monsignor Dupanlonp. , Precautions continue to be taken to surround the Council with greater secrecy, although the retrograding deny that any of the proceedings have transpired. . But the exhorta- tion addressed to the Fathers by Cardinal de Angelis, in the congregation of the 14th, not only admitted, the truth of some of the reports, but implied that the information must have emanated from members of the (Council. Trio bit hops have just received a second exhortation to secrecy, intheahnpo of a month from the Secretary- General '1 hm monitors is Bali to be a copy of the one addressed to the FntbrrBOf the Council of Trtnttiy Monsignor Maesarelli, the secretary general of that assembly, so that there WJUU seem to have been correspondents, if not reporters, even in those days. The Council has now a very efficient staff of reporters of its own, and Cardinal Mathieu was as satisfied with their report of his speech in the congregation of the 14th that, on reading the proof, he remarked, "The steno- graphers of the French Senate could not have done better." At this morning's sitting of the Council SODIO farther projects of decrees were distributed to the Fathers. The Deputation for Dogma has at last come to a decision as to the form it will give to the revised chemists on Rationalism, and hopes are entertained of satisfying the Opposition and avoiding a second debate. . > 