AFTERNOON SITTING. At 3 o'clock, the members of Synod met at the Church Office. His Lordship the Bishop presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer. ELECTION COMMITTEE'S EEPOET. Mr. F. Wicksteed, Secretary, read the report of the Election Committee, as follows :— " The Election Committee placed on the table a Synodal Roll certified as correct. " Although the returns from the following Churches arc somewhat irregular, none of them faaviog having been niado within seven days of election, they recommend that the names of the SjTiocUraen shall remain on the Roll, on this occasion—Holy Trinity, Adelaide; All Saiut?, Hindmarsh ; St. Margaret's) WoodviUe ; St. Peter's, Glcnelg; St. James Blakiston; St. Thomas's, Bdhannah ; St Jade's, Port Elliot " They c >nnot, however, recommend the same couse with regard to Chriatchorcb, Mount Gambier; the election of Synodsmen of this Church being altogether irregular, having been made by the clergyman, and not by the congre gatiou. ** They have to report that the congrega tions of '• St. Barnabas, Clare. " Kmnianuel, Chingford; and " All Saints, Moonta, have elected Synodsmen, bat these Churches not being in Union with Synod, the gentlemen elected have not received tutnmonse?. The Secretary has written pointing out tbe neces sary steps to be taken to place them in Union. " R. B. Collet, Chairman." Mr. R. B. Collet roeved that the report be received, and the recommendations contained therein adopted. This was seconded and carried. SECBETABIES. nis Lordship appointed the Bcv. S. Green Clerical Secretary, and Mr. C. B. Young Lay | Secretary to the SynoA. ! STNODAL BOLL. I The roll was then called, and the usual delca ration signed, new members of Synod signing ' also tbe Synodal Compact. Synod was consti tuted thus:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide—Key. Bichardson Reid, Rev. VT. WT. Uwbauk, H. D. Holmes, S. Toms, W. A. Cawthorne. Christchorch, North Adelaide—Yen. Arch deacon Marryat, W. W. Blyth, James Bath, J. S. BellhoUSe, R, E. Minrliiii St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. J. Tollitt, Rev. F. XF. Marshall, W. Shakespeare. J. K. Haw thorne, "W. Bishop. St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Rev. the Dean, Bey. B. J. Poole, W. J. Fullarton, G. M. Turnbnll, J. Morgan, F. G. Smith. St Paul's, Port Adelaide—Rev. S. Green, Dr. Duncan, A. J. Edmunds. j St John's, Adelaide-Rev. D. J. H. Ibbet son, IV. S. Moore, T. H. Viney, J. Pritchard, J. E. Clinch. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Jas. Gray. All Saints', Hindmarsh—Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Dr. Forster. St. Margaret's, Woodville — Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Wm. Sykes. St Andrew's, Walkerville — Rev. Canon Dove, C. B. Young, J. W. BulJ. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins, J. Howell. E. W. Meredith. St Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Henry Read, N. Oldhair., L. W. Thrupp. St Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Mudie. J. H. Wiles, W. Pound. St Mary's, South- road—Rev. A. Honner, F. Barton. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. A. Hon ner, Frederic Wicksteed. St Peter's, Glenelg—R. B. Colley, N. Blyth. St Stephen's. Wfflunga—Rev. E. K. Miller, R. G. Jay. St Phillip and St James's Noarlnnga— Rev. E. K. Stiller. St James's, Blakiston—Rev. E. Browae, Br. Welf'. Christchorch, Monnt Barker—Rev. E. Browne, F. C. Smith. St Thomas's, Balhannab.—Rev. E. Browne, Thos. Pngh. St George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs, W. H. Lewis, T. O. Jones. Chriptchurch, Kapnnda—Rev. T. J. Smyth, Jas. Huggins, W. G. Goodchild. St Mary's, Kooringa—J. Winnall. St Jnde's, Tort Elliot—Dr. Carey. St. John.-s, Moont Pleasant—Rev. TV. A. Clay6eld, J. Bennett, sen. Chrisfccharcb. Tankalilla — Rev. C. W. Morse, J. Ucaihcote, H. Dutton. St Thomas's, Port Lincoln—G. W. Hawkes. St John's, Salisbury—Rev. W. Scott. Strathalbya Mission—Rev. C. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Kev. B, B. Webb. St. Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Farr. BEPOBT ON THE DIOCESE. His Lordship then read his annual report as follows: — *' During the past twelvemonths the diocese has had again to mourn the loss of clergymen deservedly held in the highest esteem and affec tion. Tho death of Dean Farrell, followed after no long interval by the sadden removal of Archdeacon Twopeny, disappointed at once our affectionate hope, and left as stunned by tbe additional sorrow of the later bereavement In the one case it seemed as if the father of the diocese was taken from us; one who had helped to lay the foundations of our Church, and had watched over evety stone added to the spiritual building; the other known far and wide, and esteemed wherever known, as the indefatigable missionary, thefaithfal pastor, the kindspiritual adviser, the w«ll-learned theologian, the liberal minded Churchman, the refined gentleman, the agreeable companion. It is tbe privilege of our Church to number many men of such varied accomplishments in the ranks oftbecleigy; and it is pleasing to find that his many claims to personal esteem and influence were very generally recognised throughout the colony. Sammoned in a moment from earthly cares and occupations, we may confidently hope that bis spirit was received with acceptance by tbe Master whom it was his delight to serve. Four congregations—Eiverttn, Auburn, Chinkford, and Belvidere —were at once bereaved of tbe pastor whom they loved. Amid their lamenta tions and tears bis honored remains were con signed to the cemetery at Riverton, and it ; remained for myself and clerical brethren, I by our personal "sympathy and minis terial labors to lessen their sense of deso lation. I thank my _ brethren for their ready co-operation in this labor of love. Three of these Churches—Riverton, Chink/ord, and Belvidere—have since been supplied by tbe Rev. James Houghton, under whose care tbe district, I doubt not, will prosper, and tbe spiritual wants of the growing town of Saddle worth be partially supplied. The church at' Auburn yet remains to be filled up, and with its populous agricultural neighborhood trill, I trust, become the centre of a distinct Parochial and Missionary cure. "Inaddition to the deaths above recorded, the clergy of the diocese have been diminished in number by the departure to England of the Revs. T. Field and J. Pollitt After the com pletion of their visit it is the intention of both, as far as I am informed, to rejoin us. The return of tbe Key. A. Russell and his ap pointment as successor to Dean Farrell was very welcome. His well-known energy and laborious • ness reassured our spirits, and enabled me hope fully to renew my endeavors to recruit the number of the clergy. Messrs. Taplin and Blarecbal were duly ordained deacons, and are serving efficiently, oue in the District of the Meadows, the other at St. Luke's. Tbe Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A., has been licensed as assis tant-curate to the Dean at St. Paul's ; and I am ia hopes of securing ere long the additional services of two more experienced clergymen for Auburn and for the Northern Mission, crippled so long by the effects of the disastrous drought and dlminshed numbers of our clergy. The aspect of the times, indeed, has not been such as to pls.ee beyond apprehension the competent sustenance of the thirty- eight who are now attached to the diocese. With that number of settled parish curates and two missionary ilineiant clergymen, I think sufficient pro vision would be at present made for tbe scattered members oE our Church. But it is a matter of unceasing anxiety, in these days especially, how to gather together a huge body of approved men for the work of tbe ministry, * giving no offence in anything, that it be not blamed.' Meanwhile, I must claim the patience, forbearance, and stedfasiness of lay churchmen ' not to forsake the assembling of themselves together, 1 but rather to pray for me and for themselves ' that the Lord of the harvest will send forth, more laborers into Etta harvest.' Time and deliberation are essential for due selection, and these conditions can only be secured by the appointment of sober-minded men as lay readers, who shall carry on the ser vices in the Church, so far as reading the Liturgy and approved sermons are concerned. Congregations temporarily are thus held to gether, fond? provided to meet any casual debt, or for the improvement of the church and its appurtenances. I have to thank many gentle men for their kind and efficient aid in this office. " New churches have been, opened at Port Victor and Unley, both dedicated under the name of St. Augustine. At the Meadows, St. George's is fast approaching completion, a handsome edifice of cat stone. At Strathalbyn the foundations of a church were laid by Lady Edith Ferguson, At Eden Valley and Mount Lofty regular services are held by approved lay readers, and steps have been taken to raise small churches at Myponga and Glenbum. Kangaroo Island has been visited, and services held at Eingscote, Ho* Bay, and Cygnet Ktver. This long neglected part of the colony has thas been brought within the «M*"""n''l reach of religious ordinances by the fiev. C. Hone. Under the circumstances in which the diocese was placed by deaths and absences of clergy, my own mission tours have been more frequent and extended than usual. Three times during the last seven months I have visited the Riverton District and Auburn; once tbe three Churches on Yorke's Peninsula ; and also Port WakefieM. Since then, Goolwa, Port Elliot, Victor Harbor, Strathalbyn, Meadows, Maccles field, and fichunga. Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodside, Kobe Town, Mount Gambier, and Peaola. In all these places I have found much encouragement, anil feel per' suaded that with a settled and competently' sustained ministry, a very real work of edification, would go ou among the members of tbe Church of England. The important subjects of the incorporation of Synod will be brought under your attention, the fixing boundaries of parishes, and the election of future Bishops. I think it due to the Bey. W. Clayfield to bear special testimony to the careful way in which his numerous candidates for Confirmation seem to have been prepared for that solemn rite. Forty-nine young people evidently much impressed with the responsi bility of the steps they were about to take, testified to the spiritual labor of the pastor by whom they were prepared; and that under the unfavorable circumstance of scattered and dis tant dwellings. The congregations also in all these cases were good, and all things pertaining to the Church in comely order. "Vacant cures still occupy my attention. Babe Town, Auburn, and Melrose. The Key. F. Slaney Poole has succeeded Hr. J. Houghton at MacDonnell Bay, Penola, and the school at Mount Gambier. He carried with him the regrets of his congregation ; but I believe in his present position he will find a larger sphere of usefulness. I also entertain a good hope that before long I shall be enabled to fill satisfac torily the cures of Eobe and Auburn. "Having draws up a series of questions in order to arrive at a full knowledge of parochial matters, and to put the rural clergy in the way of organising their people in parochial associations for their good, I am much disappointed in the great delay shown in making these returns to the Secretary of Synod. There is also an irregularity in making the returns of the election of Synods men within the proper time. This alone might vitiate any proceedings taken under the Dis ciplinary Regulations of the Synodal Compact. "Nor is each neglect in harmony with the spirit and letter of that compact. I, as Bishop, require the aid of the clergy in providing for the spiritual well-being of the members of our Church. Tbe Synod lends its aid—monetary and other —to them for the purpose; but unless the clergy observe and enforce the regulations, and proceedings subsidiary to them, they in fact break their solemn promise; and not only so. but they forfeit their chum to the advan tages which accrue to them from the Synod. I trust this notice will be sufficient, and that it will not become hereafter necessary to withhold monetary grants from those parishes which fail to make their returns in due time. I will now conclude by begging you to join with me in the prayer that during the ensuing year the congre gations of our Church may have rest, and, 'walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of tbe Holy Ghost, maybe multiplied.'" DATS AMD HOUBS OF MEETING. It was resolved that Synod meet on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, at 3 o'clock, except Wednesday, May 18, on which day Synod wOl meet at 2 o'clock. BEPOBT O? STANDING COMMTPIEE. " The following report, made by the Standing Committee, was read :— " The Standing Committee beg leave to sub mit to the Synod their annual report of the different matters referred to them by the last Synod, and those which have occupied their at tention during the past year. They also produce a statement of accounts duly audited. " L Stnodai. Expenses.—They are happy to be able to report that the amount received during the past year has been equal to the ex penditure; it must, however, be remembered that a portion of this has been provided for by the sale of furniture—a source of income which cannot be expected for the future. On the other hand, they expect that the printing and stationery accounts wOl be very mum less in the ensuing year ; they therefore recommend that the assessment for this year be the same as last. All the Churches where regular ser vice has been conducted hare paid the amount at which they were rated. "2. Endowment. —In compliance with authority received (see Minute 415), they con sulted with the Attorneys of the S. P. G. and the Board of Directors of the Church of Eng land Endowment Society, and arranged that the Attorneys should contribute £100, and that £100 standing to the credit of the St. Asaph Fond should be voted to supplement a vote of £800 by the Church of England Endowment Society to endow during the year three churches at £50 per *t"""", and to increase one from £40 to £50. " They regret, however, to say that only one church has availed itself of the opportunity (St. Mary's, Eooringa). They believe, how ever, that the amount necessary to raise the endowment to £50 per annum will be collected by St George's, Woodforde, on the return of the Incumbent, who is at present absent in Tasmania for the purpose of recruiting his health. They regret to state that the Endow ment Trustees report that a considerable sum remains on hand uninvested; and the com paratively low rate of interest received renders the demand on the Attorneys of the S. P. G., in fulfilment of their guarantee, very heavy. " The Trustees have, however, by.the liberality of the Attorneys of the S. P. G., bean enabled to pay 8 per cent, to those churches which have been more than ten years endowed, although the income can only be reckoned as 6§ per cent., and that subject to deductions. In connection with this subject, the Committee think it desirable that it should be known that previous to any church being endowed it is necessary that the title and trust deed should be in a satisfactory state. "3. Students nj Thkologt.—They have to report that the Attorneys of the S. P. G. have placed at the Bishop's disposal the sum of £100 or the year 1870, to be expended in contri buting to the maintenance of students in theology. "4. fc'CHEDUii O.—The Committee have to recommend that the following churches be placed in Schedule C, and that they receive iio further aid from Synod after June 30th, 1871, except in the shape of assistance towards en dowment:—St. Matthew's, Kensington; Christ church, Kapunda; St. James's, Blakiston. *5. The Ministrations ComarxEE'B Ke- FOBT.—The Standing Committee have not been in a position to give effect to the recommenda tions of this report. "Missionary Clergymen.—They are happy to be able to inform the Synod that, through the liberality of the late Mr. Thomgate, the Bishop has been put in possession of an income of £100 per annum, aad that the Attorneys of the S. P. G. have also placed at his disposal the sum of £200 for the year 1870 for Home Mis sionary purposes. "The following Progress Report of the Mis- sionary Committee was adopted on the 6th July, 1869:—1st That the districts in Sehednle Ybe recognised as missionary districts, each needing a missionary clergyman. 2nd. That the districts in Schedule Z be recognised as missionary districts, each attached to the , nearest clergyman able to undertake the charge, j 3rd. That when a missionary district in | Schedule V is desirous of obtaining the services of a missionary clergyman, and is willing to contribute for that purpose towards his stipend, assistance may be given to any extent not ex ceeding two-thirds of his stipend proposed, and subject to rearrangement at the end of three years 4th. That clergymen who, have one of the districts ia Schedule Z attached to their cure, and which they regu larly visit, should receive a forage allowance not exceeding £30 per annum. sth. That a sum not exceeding £3 3s. per week, or £2 2s. per week if travelling expenses are allowed, should be paid to any clergyman appointed by the Bishop to take occasional missionary duties. 6th. That the Attorneys of the S.P.G. be re quested to make such provision as they cm for enabling the above scheme to be carried out under the direction of the Bishop. Schedule V.—L, Melrose, Port Augusta, and the Blin man; 2, Lake Hamilton, Streaky Bay, and West Coast; 3, Banks of the Mnrr&y;, Welling ton, and The Lakes. Schedule Z.— i, Kangaroo Island; 2, Narracoorte and Penola; 3, Yorke's Peninsula; 4, MacDonnell Bty; 5. Myponga ; 6\. Port Wakefield; 7, Hoyle's Plains.—G. H. Fabb, Convenor." "7. Election op Bishops and General Stnod Committee.—This Committee have sent in a report to Synod, recommending the mode of procedure in case of a vacancy occurring in the See, which will accompany this report. "S. Clebgt Widow and Orphan Fosd.— They are happy to be able to state that the Guarantee Fund, calculated by the Actuary at £1,000, now amounts to £1,102 Bs. Cd., and probably a few more pounds may be collected; and that the amount received from the annual collections in churches, estimated to produce £500, is £558 03. Cl, with some further sums to come in. There are now five recipients of annuities of £30 each, one of which will cease in about four years, as the orphan receiving it is upwards of fourteen years of age. " On June 30th next this fund will have been established five years. It will then be the duty of the Standing Committee to prepare a special report of the state and prospects of the fund, with a view to regulate the amount of the annuities for the next period of five'years. They are happy to say that the whole of the funds (£2,400) are invested at a satisfactory rate of interest, with the etception of £120 recentlj received, now in the Savings Bank, which bears an interest probably of 5 per cent., which is the rate of interest calculated by the Actuary ou the whole amount of capital. " They think that the thanks of Synod are due to the Trustees, the Investment Com mittee, the Auditors, and especially tho Secre tary, for their gratuitous services for the last five years, by which means a considerable out lay has been saved. In the future some addi tional expenditure will probably be necessary in providing for some of these services, and the rate of interest ou investment hitherto received cannot possibly be expacted to be maintained. " The balance-sheet ot the fund to the 30th June, 1869, was published with the last report, aud a- progress account accompanies the pres :nt document. "9. Pabish Boundaries. — Serious diffi culties having arisen in defining these boun daries, they recommend that a discussion take place in Synod on the subject. "10. ISCOBPORATION OF SrNOD. — The Standing Committee recommend th*t imme diate steps be taken to incorporate Synod for the purpose of relieving various Trustees of their trusts and facilitating the general work of the Church. " 1L General Chorch and'Hoke Mission. The Committee regret that during the past year this fund has fallen off to the extent of upwards of £50 from the amount received the previous year (£ll9 45., against £170 94. 61.). This is a matter of very serious importance, as the diffi culty of supplementing the stipends of clergy at the present reduced rate of 75 percent, of the scale will be much increased, and the rate will probably have again to bo reduced to 50 per cent, in June next for the half-year then ex piring. It is much to be desired that the con tributions to this fund should be increased, as in times of depression there is the greatest diffi culty in maintaining the ordinances of tho Church in the agricultural district;. '' Schedule A. —The following Churches have been added to Schedule A during the past year: —Christchurch, YankaliUa; St. John's, Au burn ; Holy Evangelists', Goolwa; St. Augus tine's, Port Victor. " 12. Theological and Ecclesiastical Library.—The Committee have received tbe following minute from the Attorneys of the S. P. G.:—'lt was resolved that the £40 re mitted to Mr. Marryat, of London, be given to bind the books presented by the University of Oxford, on the distinct understanding, how ever, that such books are accessible at all times to any clergyman in the Diocese holding the Bishop's licence." The Attorneys have a'so contracted for suitable book- cases for the safe custody of these volumes. "13. The- Stnodal Compact, embracing the rules and regulations as modified and revised, has been engrossed, and is ready for signature by (he members of the Synod. "14. Statistical Ketdrns. —Your Com mittee regret to find th*t the grea'est negli gence occurs in sending in the satistical returns asked for by the Bishop. No lesa than 20 out of 67 churches have failed to send in the returns on the 3rd May, although they were requested to be scut in on or before the 20th April. The Coniaiittee cannot but consider this as a disre gard of the wishes of the Bishop, which ought not to bo apparent in any portion of the Dieie c. " 15. Certificates op Election op Stkods- MEN. —The Committee also regret to find that there has been great irregularity in making the requisite returns of the election of Synodsmen at the Easter Vestries. The? direct the par ticular attention of Synod to clause 9 of regula tions not fundamental, and would point out the great difficulties that might arise from any doubt or dispute as to the validity of the elec tion of members of Synod. " It. B. Collet, Chairman. " May 3, 1870." The accounts accompanying the above re port were taken as read. THEOLOGICAL LIBRARY COMMITTEE. The Committee of the Church of England Theological and Ecclesiastical Library was also read :— " The Committee have to report that the books collected by Dean Russell in England, and those granted by tbe University of Ox ford (allunded to in their last report), have safely arrived in the colony. As soon as tho book-case which has been ordered by the At torneys of the S. P. G. is erected, they will be properly catalogued and put into circulation. These books, added to those of the Bray Library, form a very valuable collection of standard theological works, and will enable the Committee to devote the greater part of their funds to the purchase of new and modern divinity. '•The Committee would express their thanks to the Attorneys of the S. I*. G. for their liberality in granting the sum of £40 for the binding of the books given by the University of Oxford, as well as for the use of the Church Office and book-case. "They would also call the attention of Synod to the condition on which the above mentioned grant of £40 was given by the At torneys—viz., that such bosks ate accessible >t all times to any clergyman in the Diocese holding the Bishop's licence. (Sea report of Standing Committee, paragraph 12.) "In conclusion, the Committes would ex press a hope that the work of forming a good Theological and Ecclesiastical Library, which has thus been successfully commenced, will meet with cordial and continued support of both the Clergy and Laity of the Diocese. " Charles MubwtaTj chairman.'' MELANESIA^ MISSION COMMITTEE. The report of this Committee was read as follows :— " The Committee have to report to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide tbe following facts :— '" L That the amount transmitted from this Diocese during the past year to the Bight Bey. Bishop Patteson is £250. "2. That meetings in aid of the Mission have been held in several parishes, but that the operations of the Association during the past year have been much obstructed by the distress prevailing throughout the colony in consequence of the deficient harvest of last season and the general commercial depression. "3. That, however, the call for exertion in behalf of the mission is more urgent than ever. The Committee heard with great regret that the missionary schooner, the Southern Cross, has been compelled to put into harbor for extensive repairs. On a survey it has been ascertained that dry rot has appeared and spread to an nlarming extent through the timbers of the schooner, rendering a great additional expen diture immediately necessary. With reference to this necessity. Bishop Patteson's secre tary says;—'lt is earnestly to be hoped that the contributions throughout Aus tralia and New Zealand this year will be liberal. A prompt transmission of any sums in the hands of the Treasurers will also be desirable, as the repairs have to be paid for almost immediately, and the funds in hand are barely sufficient to cany on with.' The Com mittee trust that this appeal maybe met by special donations. Without a seaworthy schooner the Bishop can do no good work in the islands. "Finally, the Committee desire to represent to the Church generally that, while local claims are urgent, it might yet be pessible, without prejudice to those claims, to do all that is needful for the Melanesian Mission if the work of collecting for it were begun early in the year, instead of being left to the last moment; and there seems some need for in sisting on tbe fact that a genuine concern for auch labors of Christian charity as lie far out i of our sight may not only afford a new and very blessed illustration of the life of faith, but react most healthfully on those good works which our clergy and laity are trying to main tain. The more we deny ourselves for the purpose of gathering in the scattered sheep of ■ Christ's flock we shall be the more fulfilling ike very mind of our Lord, and themore clearly treading in his footsteps. "We append a report which has been re ceived from the Mc3?T"*"'"'' Mission. " A. Bubsell, Secretary." ' ELECTION OF BISHOPS. The following report was read on this sub ject:— "The Committee, having considered the question of the election of future Bishops of tbi? diocese, which matter was referred to them in Minute 511 (1559), propose the follow ing regulations:— " L That oa the occurrence ef a vacancy id the office of Bishop, the Dean, or in his ab sence the senior member of the Chapter, shall assemble with all convenient speed the Stand ing Committee, who, voting by orders, shall draw up a list of persons eligible for the office, or shall suggest that the election of the Bishop pro hoc vice shall be delegated to some person, persons, or body. " 2. That, a call of Synod having been made, the votes, which shall be by ballot, shall be taken by orders. "3. That an absolute majority of the whole Synod, composed of a majority of clergymen entitled to vote, and of a. majority of tvs Synodsmen, shall determine the election or the coarse to be pursued. "4. That the voting shall be repeated, until such absolute majority shall be obtained^ pro vided that if no conclusion in the voting is ar rived at within three months, the election of the Bishop shall lapse pro hac vice to the Metro politan. " 5. That the voting shall be in person, and no proxies allowed. "6. That after any billot in which the re quired majority shall not be obtained, it shall be open to any member of Synod to make a nomi nation or to propose a course of procedure other than that upon which the ballot was last taken. " 7. That the Chairman shall report the re sult of the election to the Metropolitan. " 8. That the election having been duly made by the Synod should be confirmed by the Bishops of the province of Australia, as laid down in Report No. 2, in the Appointment of Bishops, p. 423 of the Annual Report of Synod, 1869. " CHARLES Mabbtax, Convener/ THE BISHOP'S DISSENT. " 1 dissent from this report, because:— "1, Contrary to the practice of the Uni versal Church, which has been, followe 1 by the American, Scotch, and Irish Churches, it would vest the nomination of candidates for the vacant See in a Standing Committee composed of Laymen and Clergymen, in the proportion of two to one; and because in this provision no sufficient guarantee is afforded for the inde pendent judgment of the Clergy (though voting by orders) on the election of their Bishop. The practice of the Catholic Church from the beginning having been for the Clergy to nominate and tho Laity to approve. "2. Because the Standing Committee, chosen principally for administrative purposes, is composed principally of urban and subur ban Clergy and Laity; and on the part of the Clergy, at least, it is no fair representation of the whole body for the general affairs of the Church. "3. Because the election of the BUhop, as pro posed, by an absolute majority of the Clergy and Irtity, voting by orders in Synod, admits the contingency of the largest possible dis sentient minority; and consequently the daog;r of dividing the diocese into two antago nistic parties. "4. Because the denial of voting by proxy to the rural Clergy, in a diocese so extensive, and with congregations so scattered as this of Adelaide, is practically to disfranchise a large Dumber of them, and give undue influence in the election to the town incumbents. "5. Because the proposed scheme seems likely to place the election of the Bishop prac tically in the hands of the Standing Committee, and confine the candidature to the clerical members of that body. "A. Adelaide. "May 16,1870." The Dean siid this report was inegularly directed by the last Synod to bo brought op to this Synod. He heM that a Synod only had power to appoint a Committee to report to itself. Ho hid no wish to tike exception to the reception of the report, but he simply wished to iaterpose this objection in order to prevent the course now being pursued passing into a precedent. ELECTION OP OFFICERS. The following return of attendances of the Standing Committee w*s read, viz., the Bishop 8 times, Keys. Canon Farr 7, J. Pollitt C, Archdeacon Marryat 5, T. Field 3, R. Reid 2, D. J. EL Ibbetson 0, Messrs. A. Spence 13, F. Wicksteed 13, R. B. Colfcy 10, L. W. Thrnpp 8\. C. B. Young 7, N. Blyth 5, N. Oldham 5, W. W. Blyth 5, Dr. Duncin 4, C. H. T. Connor 4, W. S. Douglas 2, G. W. llawkea 1, H, K. Hughes 0, and W. J. Fullarton 0. The election of officers was then proceeded with. Messrs. F. Burton, and EL Field were appointed scrutineers, aud they reported the following to be the result of the balloting :—Clergy—The Very Eev. the Dean, Yen. Archdeacon Mar ryat, Rev. Canon Dove, Eev. Canon Farr, fievs. R. Reid. H. Bead, and S. Green; Laity- Messrs. N. Blyth, R. B. Colley, F. Wicksteed, N. Oldham, C. B. Young, L. \Y. Thrupp, TV. W. Blyth, Dr. Duncan, G. W. Hawkes, S. Toms, W. J. Fullarton, J. Winnall, J. Bath, and G. M. Turnbull; Auditors—Messrs. B. B. Colley and G. IV. Hawkes; Treasurers— Messrs. G. M. Turnbull and H. Datton ; Secre tary—Mr. F. Wicksteed. DEVOTIONAL SERVICES. It was resolved that during the session of Synod service would be held at Trinity Church at a quarter-past 1 o'clock on Wednesday nest, and at a quarter-past 2 o'clock on the other days of meeting. ELECTION COMMITTEE. Mr. Thbdpp tuoved "That the Election Committee consist of the following members, viz.—The Yen. Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. N. BlyUi, B. B. Colley, C. B. Young, and the Rev. Richardson Keid, with power to arrange the Synodal roll, which shall not be disturbed except by appeal to Synod in due form." This was seconded by Mr. Fullarton and carried. NOTICES OP MOTION. Notices of motion were then received, and after this they were called on in their order. VOTE OP THANKS. Mr. Collet moved— '* That the thanks of Synod are due, and are hereby given to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report, which with the statistical returns when completed be printed with the report." Ho spoke highly of the Bishop's ad dress that day, which, he said, he was sure would be read with great care and attention by all members of the Church. Mr. Oldhah seconded the motion, stating that he was never more delighted than when listening to the Bishop's address that day. The motion was carried; and His Lordship expressed his grati fication at the terms in which his addiess had been referred to, and stated that he had fol lowed the golden maxim of speaking the truth in love. STANDING COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Mr. COLLET moved that the report of the Standing Committee be received and printed. Seconded by Mr. Thrupp and carried. BALANCE-SHEET. Mr. R. B. Collet moved and; Mr. C. B. Young seconded—" That the balance-sheet of the Trea surer with Synod for the year ending Easter, 1S"O, be received, adopted, and printed." Dr. Forsteb thought it very hasty that such a mo tion fchoald be made before members of Synod had seen the accounts. His Lordship said this circumstance arose from the late period at which the returns were sent in from the parishes, and he entreated the members pre sent to see that is future these returns were sent in earlier. The motion was carried. thanks. Mr. Collet moved, and Mr. N. Bltth seconded—"That the thanks of Synod bsgiven to the Attorneys of the S. P. G., the Trustee of the Allen Pastoral Aid Fund, the Committee of the Melanesian Mission, and the Treasurer of the Lacepede Bay Native Mission, for their statistical returns, and that they be received and printed with the report." Mr. Collet moved—"That the thanks of Synod are due to the Trustees, the Investment Committee, the Auditors, and especially to the Secretary of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, for their gratuitous services for the last five years." lh'« was seconded by Mr. W. J. Fullabton. Bis Loedshd? bore testimony to the great comfort which this fund had been instrumental in affording to persons who had been in bereavement and affliction. The fund had been very prosperous, and he hoped its prosperity would still bo continued. The motion was then carried. ASSESSMENT OF SYNODAL EXPENSES. Mr. Collet moved—"That the assessment of Synodal expenses be the same as hist year, with the addition of the Churches to Class 1 of All Saints', Moonta ; St. Augustine's, Unley; St. Augustine's, Streaky Bay ; and St. Augus tine's, Port Victor (£1)." Mr. N. Bltth seconded. His Le?Dsmp asked why St. Augustine's, Streaky Bay, was assessed, as that was a struggling Church out in the wilderness. The Rev. Mr. Webb moved that St. Augus tine's Church, Streaky Bay, be struck out of the list. Mr. Collet pointed out that it was only fair to make this assessment towards the support of the machinery by means of which the funds supplied to this CLurch were sent. The motion was carried, Mr. Wicksteed promising to collect the £1 for St. Augustine's, Streaky Bay. SCHEDULE C. On the motion of Mr. R, B. Colley the fol lowing Churches were oidered to be placed on Schedule O after June 30, 187 L, in compliance with the recommendation of the Standing Com mittee, viz., St. Matthew's, Kensington ;Christ church, Kapunda; and St. James's, Blakiston. Some discussion arose as to the condition of Christchurch, Kapunda, and St. James's Blakiston, Messrs. Huggins and Weld object ing to those churches being disturbed in the present arrangement; but Mr. Colley's propo sitions were affirmed. PARISH BOUNDARIES. Jr. Collet moved—"That the Lord Bishop be requested to take an early opportunity of bringing forward the question of parish boun daries, as recommended by the Standing Com mittee." Seconded by Mr. C. B. Young, and carried. THE SYNODAL BOLL. Mr. Collet moved—" That leave be given to bring in a measure to the effect that the Synodal roll—after it has been called and passed at the annual ni«.jjn g of Synod, and I signed by the Chairman—shall be conclusive . evidence of what lay members have a right to sit in Synod for that year." He said he did c this to prevent the roll being challenged at any f extraordinary call of Synod. Carried. The > Synod went into Committee to consider this . measure; and Mr. CoiXEr moved a motion in similar terms to that of his former proposition, i This was carried. Mr. Collet then moved .—" That this motion be a Synodal regulation [ not fundamental" INCORPORATION OF STOOD. I Mr. Collet moved —"That it is desirable , that Synod bo incorporated." He stated that a I i Urge number of Church funds and properties I , were in the hands of Trustees, who would be very willing to give them over to a properly , authorised body, such as an incorporated Synod ; would be. <Ie believed Synod should be incor porated. It had bcten in existence many years, i and it was not likely now to fall through. > Synod represented the whole body of the ; Church, and dispensed the Church property. !He believed if Synod was incorporated it would give it greater strength, and make all the funds more simple. Dr. Fousteb seconded the motion. Ub LORDSHIP stated that in 1861 Mr. Fenn's opinion was taken upon the subject of incorpo ration, aHil he gave an opinion favorable to such a step. Then steps were taken to obtain an Imperial measure, but the Duke of Newcastle referred them to the local Legislature, and that appeal was unsuccessful, as the local Parlia ment would not pass a Bill of Incorporation. Mr. A. J. Esmonds thought it undesirable that such a subject should be proceeded with that night, seeing the large number of new members present. Dr. Weld asked if the other colonies had an incorporation. / The Rev. Canon Fabr said he would point) out a few of the objections which had been taken to incorporation. The difficult? felt was, that the Synod was defined to consist of the Bishop, clergy, and laity. If there was no Bishop there would be no Synod, andthe Synod had not the power to continue the Bishop. The continuance of the Bishop depended on the Crown. If the Synod had thepower of electing their own Bishop, this difficulty would pass away, and then the Corporation would be a per fect Corporation. As long, however, as Synod had not the power of electing a Bishop, they would have no legal certainty of continuance. Another thing was that the action of the present Bishop would not bind La successors 7. A future Bishop might say he would not assent to the compact his predecessor had made. In view of this difficulty he did not think Synod would be a Corporation such as would be recognised by (he Courts. In order to place things in a proper state, it would be a wise step for the Synod to have the power of electing the Bishop. He saw a difficulty in the way of going under the pre sent Act, and he should be very loth to go to Parliament for a special Act. He had no doubt, however, as to the desirability of incorpora tion, Mr. A. J. Edmunds took objection, under the Standing Orders, to this question being pro ceeded with that night. The objection was overruled, and it was resolved that the debate he continued. After the adjournment the debate was re sumed. Mr. Thbcpp pointed out the exceptional position-of the Synod in not having the ap pointment of their Bishop in their own bands. He referred to the measure which it was at tempted to pass in the local Parliament, but which Parliament would not h Ip them over the difficulty. It was very evident, he said, that they could not obtain a special Act of In corporation, but there was an Act in existence under which any religious body might be incor porated. There wa?, however, the risk that any future Bishop might decline to agree to the compact entered into by his predecessor; and the question for Synod to consider was whether it was well to become incorporated with that risk. He thought it was well to do so, and he had little reason to doubt that any future Bishop would be appointed subject ta the Synodal compact, so that there was Dot much likelihood that there would be a bitch in that respect. He recommended them to incorporate Synod only, and not the Chuich of England. Besides this, he thought the incorporation of Synod would get over some of the technical difficulties in the Act. For all these and other reasons it was desirable that if they wanted incorporation they should incorporate Synod only. He thought it highly desirable to in corporate, in order that the Endowment and other Funds might be handed over to the in corporated Synod. He stated, in reply to Dr. Weld, that in Victoria the Church had a special Act of tue local Legislature ; but the Bishops in New Zetland had felt tho difficulty very keenly. His Lordship explained, with reference to the liish Church, which had been referred to by Mr. Thrupp, that the effect of Imperial legis lation on that subject was to hand over the national property of the establishment to a body organised with the assent of the Crown. Here, however, they never had any property of the Crown nor any benefices, and he believed if the qnestion were raised it would have been impossible for any one to move for a writ of scire facias to know whether these letters patent were not ijnprovidently issued. He believed they were so issued, and they would not be issued again. The simple exercise of the Crown in the appointment of the Bishop would be to permit the Archbishop of Canterbury to con secrate the individual selected for the office. He stated this from what he heard when in England, after being in communication with the best authorities on this subject. Ho there fore stated his belief that ihere was no danger that the Crown would interfere with their proceedings, because the Queen's supremacy wa? only over the Establishment, and there was no l£tablishment here. He admitted, how ever, that the question had never been decided by the Courts of Law. There was a practical objection also, and that was that every member of a Corporation was liable for a misuse of funds, and by this the Bishop would be liable to an action, although he had given up his power of veto in monetary matters. The motion was then put, and carried unani mously. DUTIES OF CHDSCBWAEDENS. Mr. F. WicKSTEeai moved—" That a Select Committee be appointed to frame rules de fining the duties of Churchwardens, and a form of acceptance of office (the adoption of these to be at the option of Vestries) to report, when prepared, to Synod, or, if out of session, to the Standing Committee, who shall have power to adopt, print, and circulate such report or such forms." Dr. Foster seconded the motion, which was carried, and Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Dove, Dr. Forster, and Messrs. Wick steed, and Thrnpp, were appointed the Com mittee. THE ELECTION OP BISHOPS. The Yen. Archdeacon Marryat'a motion for : the consideration of the report of the Com mittee on the Election of Bishops, was made .an Order of the Day for next day. THE THEOLOGICAL LIBBABT. The Very Eev. Dean Kdsseix moved that tb? report of the Theological and Ecclesiastical Library Committee be adopted. Abchdeacon Mabbtat seconded the motion, and took oc casion to refer to the valuable assistance given .in England by Dean Russell. The motion was > carried. ; st. Paul's, poet Adelaide. : Mr. A. J. Edmonds moved that the Vestry of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, be empowered so ito alter the trust deed as to enable them to let the unoccupied glebe lands on a lease of 99 yesrs. He stated that the object of the motion : was to enable the Vestry of St. Paul's to obtain i pecuniary benefits from a portion of the glebe : lands which at present was unoccupied and ' could not be made use of with benefit to the ' Church, a3 there was only a power to lease for '21 years. After a short conversation, the 1 further consideration of the matter was de ferred till next day to enable a formal applica : tion to be made to Synod from the Vestry. ' THE INCUMBENT OP WILLIAMSTOWK CHUBCH. i Dr. Forsteb asked who was officiating at 1 WiU'amstown Church, aud whether the clergy t man sa officiating held His Lordship's licence. • His Lordship replied that the Rev. R, W. > Webb was the Incumbent of that Church, and > as that gentleman was present at Synod be pre [ sumed that he had been duly licensed. Dr. 1 Fobster hardly thought that regular, after 3 what passed in Synod last year. His LOBD -3 ship—Yon are not in order. You must give notice of any further question. Dr. Fobsxbb — This is only on a par with everything your t Lordship has done. Whenever any one endea , vors (Order, order.) His LOBD3HIP—You f are ont of order now, but you can give notice ; of any further question. Dr. Fobsteb—Then \- 11l leave the room. (And he then left) I MISSIONABT COMMITTEE. The Bey. Canon Fabb moved-"That the t following members of Synod be appointed a . Missionary Committee to act with the Lord \- Bishop during the ensuing year, with the same ] f jtawers and duties as last year t —Archdeacon s Marryat, Bey. Cannon Farr, Messrs. C. B. b Young, and G. W. Haarkes." Carried. 1 PBIVATE MABRIAGE3. The Bey. S. Ghees asked whether Hu Lord -1 ship sent copies of his monitions respecting , marriage in private houses to clergymen arriving iv this didcess, and whether the returns therein enjoined were, to the best of His Lordship's \- belief, duly returned. The Bishop promised l to give a formal answer next day. b The Bey. S. Green moved—"That a Select j \- Committee be appointed to consider how far it \- is practicable to abolish payment for sittings in . churches in this diocese, aud to forward their f report to the Standing Committee." He argued s that churches were God's houses, and it was a \- wiong thing to charge people to enter their s Father's house. The question might be asked \- how should they support the clergy? but he \ believed a much better system could be adopted than by taking payment for sittings. At pre l "fit*? 0 poor P^Pl* were often repelled from f God s house by the charge made for sittings, \- and he strongly advocated the system of rottin \- taiy offerings. He Iwlieved if the Committee . 1 were appointed a bettir system could be pro posed. His Lordship pointed out that any clergyman could dispense with sittings if he j chose to do so. Dr. Weld, Messrs. S. Toms and B \V. BISHOP opposed the abolition of payment of 1 sittings. The Bey. Canon Dove spoke strongly 1 against the unchristian nature of the system, which he earnestly denounced. The Bey. E. K. Miller, the Dean, and Mr. Collet spoke in favor of the Committee of Enquiry. The motion was carried, and the following Committee was elected by ballot:—Dean Ens sell, Bey. S. Green, Canon Fair, Messrs. Hawkes and Colley, Canon Dove. Archdeacon Marryat, and Messrs. Young and Thrupp. ST. GEORGE'S, MACrtX. The Bey. S. Gbeen asked what arrangement had been made for the celebration of the Holy Communion at St. George's, Magill, during the absence of the Incumbent. His Lordship ex plained that the Rev. Mr. Neville had been away on sick leave for four months. Mr. Bath had undertaken to supply services there, but these were discontinued on Sunday last, the period for which Mr. Bath promised to act having expired. Mr. Neville had relied on re ceiving assistance from his brother clergymen, but circumstances had arisen which prevented them giving such help as they would otherwise have dont. THE ASSESSMENT FOB STNODAL EXPENSES. The Bey. S. Green asked whether the Standing Committee had found that the assess ment of Churches for Synodal expenses had the effect of separating Churches from communion with Synod. It was stated by His Lordship that n? instance was known in which the assis tance had had this effect. INDUCTION OF CLEBGVHEN. The Bey. K. W. Webb asked whether His Lordship bad been able to make any arrange ment for the induction of clergymen into their cures. His Lordship thought it would be very desirable to carry out Mr. Webb's idea, but the size of the diocese was so large that the ex pense incurred would be very great. MB. COLLET'S PAPEB AT GLEKELG. Mr. W. J. Follabton, for Mr. Oldham, moved that the paper read by Mr. Colley at the annual meeting of the Vestry of St. Peter's, Glenelg, be printed with the report of Synod. Carried. SHE HOLT COMMUNION. The Bey. B. W. Webb asked what provision His Lordship had made for the celebration of th« Holy Communion in parishes served by Deacons. His LORDSHIP replied that he was doing everything he could to afford his diocese missionary ministrations and the services of the Sanctuary. A number of other notices of motion were given, andafterthe?enedictionSynodadjourned shortly before 10 o'clock till next day at 2 o'clock. 