SYDNEY. March ll. Tht schooner " Janet Dickson," coal-laden, foundered to the north of Broken Bay. The floods are subsiding. Great damage has been done. Wool higher. THIS« «nu B0 communication by telegraph with Brisbane all day yesterday owing to stormy weather. A flErTflATIONAX piragraph appeared last sreeV about tbe watchman, in East- street, seeing a ghost. It was stated thut the watchman wai " perfectly satisfied he hod aeon a ghost, and believes so still." Ur. Darling, the watchman in question, his submitted the following fact«, which show clearly that there was no ghoBt at all on the night named, and that he has not been (airly treated by the otory-tellor. On the night referred to, or rather on the following morning, he did see a man with a oodla andee his arm. Darling informed the police, and the constable went with him to Ur. Tulley's fence, and in* quired if a person left his house with a coffin within the last twenty minutes. After inquiring after Mr. Tulley's child, who was ill, nod hear- ing that it was better, they lett. The groom at the Fitzroy Hotel had a child dead, and it was he who carried the coffin. He had received it late at night from tbe undertaker, and waa carry- ing it home, intending to bury his child in the morning. He haB giren tho following document to the watchman, which we publiih in vindica- tion of hie character from the insinuation of ghostly influence or spiritism of any kind, It is to be hoped that the Quay- lane ghost haring been thus effectually laid, no fresh horror will be discovered in that locality:-" This ia to cer- tify, that the Watchman employed on the southern blocki, did meet me, about three weeks back, at about half-past two o'clock in the morn ing, with a child's coffin under my arm. The statement made in the Argut-that I was dressed in blick, that the coffin wai on my Bhouldor, that the hour whoa the watchman met me was 12 o'clock, and that tho watchman fol- lowed mo into any house-ii false.-F. G HAD- DON, groom to the Fitzroy. Witness-James Liing." IN the Police Court yesterday, Jane Toole eharged her husband, James Toole, with having deserted her, aud applied to the Benoh for an order of maintenance. It appeared that de- fendant wanted his wife to accompany him to Clemton', and she would notgo with bim, stating as her reason that he had a second wife there. Tiio Bench declined to make an ordered. John Flynn was brought up on B charge of child desertion, preferred by Catherine Flanagan. Tho caso was part heard, and adjourned to this day. NtKH miners, named respectively Thomas Farenden, Frederick Holt, Frederick Jopion, Andrew Scott, Robert Holt, John Greenhalgh;, David Cant, Edward Wallis, and Mervin Wilton, were brought up on a charge of larceny, preferred by Adam Clarke and others. Mr, Rees R. Jones appeared for the complainants, and Mr. Milford for the prisoners. The prisoners, who are mine» at the Crocodile, were charged with removing quartz oontaining gold from on adjoining claim belonging to tho com« plainants. The BCDCII, after hearing the case, was of opinion that the charge of larceny was not sustained. The qucation involved was simply one of disputed property arising out of doubtful boundaries between the claims con- cerned. Prisoners were accordingly discharged. A charge of assault brought against David Cmt by John Watson, was adjourned till Wednesday. TnE Primitive-Methodist tea meeting which was advertised to take place this evening, has been postponed to this day week. A COURT for tho revision of the Electoral Rolls of the Rockhampton and Port Curtis dis- tricts will bo held in the Police Office, on the 12th of next month. WE were sorry to ese so few at Mr. Murray's conoert last night. There was a good selection of songs and pieoes, and Mr. Murray was ably assistod by a lady and gentleman, amateurs. Arras the regular business of the deputation had closed, on Saturday, a conversation followed in reference to the train'. Mr. Macalister ex- pressed himself in favour of excursion trains, saying they had succeeded very well in the South. It was suggested that the best day for excursion trains was Sunday, and he remarkod the Sunday trains were knocked off because they did not pay. It was urged that the people in the country were discouraged from eoming by the train;, in consequence of the inconvenient hours they started. On arriving in Rockhamp- ton, it was too late for the banks, and if they had any buainsss at the bankt they should wait a whole day, thus losing three days over what might be done in one. If Mr. Macalister^ argument-that the Sunday trains did not pay, and were therefore dropped-be carried out, all the trains ought to bs stopped and the line dosed. The line does not nt present oover its working expenses, and it never will until ex tended further. What is wanted is, that the fores and freights should be lowered to the rates oharged on the Southern lines, and that two trains a day ahonld start from both ends. This bit of railway is not worked at present with any expectation of making a proßt, and the public convenience Bhould be the first consideration. Drama the rain on Saturday there was a constant roll of thunder for nearly an hour. One of the claps was almost stunning, and the flash preceding it very close. A gum tree standing to the rear of Frank Humphreys' house, at the other side of ths river, was struck by the lightning, and large splinters driven into the earth all round it. At its foot was a tent in which an old min lives ; he was fortunately ab- sent during the height of the storm. The lightning entered tbe tent from the gum tree, and killed a little opossum belonging to him. The little creature was burnt up almost to a cinder. MB. O'SHAKBSV has a farm of 185 acres about ten miles from town, on the Dawson Rood. He bas only four sores as yet under cultivation. There is half-an-aore of young vines, and tho rsst is planted chiefly with fruit trees, orange and lemon, bananas, potatoes. Everything bas auoceeded very well with him, and he has no doubt of the capability of the soil, especially for the growth of fruit. There was a Horticultural Society formed here some time ago, but it appears to be defunot. It promised a show when the Governor visited Rockhampton, but it made no show when the time esme. We looked forward to the estab- lishment of the Society with some hope of ita doing good, and regret that it should bare been allowed to collapse. Not the least important of the functions of each Societies is the facility afforded by them of collecting reliable statistics of tbe agricultural produce of the distriot. We think the farmers should contribate what they oan to the general atook of information by send- ing particulars of their crops to the presa, and the press will bs but fulfilling one great objeot of its mission bv communicating to thepublio aoourate and reliable information on agricultural matters. The district around Rockhampton «rill soon be dotted with farms, and the pro- gress of agriculture, especially in regard to sugar-cane, will be watched with great anxiety. We trott that the Corporation viii loee no time in taking up the sanitary condition of the town, and Anding tone meant of reducing un eril which threatens to assume rast propor- tions. Persons coming in from the country are assailed with a rillaioosit compound of amelia to which our nerves are insensible through long use. The Corporation bare full authority under tho Municipalities Aot, to do what ie necessary for the preservation of the publio health. Now, there can he no doubt that the gaees evolved from the closets of the town-situated as they often are, so handy to the street-are oalculated to injure he il th. The soil of the town -will be- come one huge envelope of poisonous matter, which percolates freely by the agency of the late copious rains to a considerable depth, and which, when the rains are over, a hot sun will draw out in deadly and pestilential vapours. The Corporation can do Something to etop this. They can prevent tbeereotion of all eank closets, and compel all landlords to have olosets with moveable boxes fitted to them which can be re mored at stated times, and the contents of which can be completely deodorised by a little dry earth thrown on the soil. This would be the beginning of n right system, and it is high time to move in the matter. The use of earth olosets is now made compulsory in some Hooks in Brisbane. Themattercould.be removed by the Corporation oarts and by the daymen who are now employed " addling " about the town. Is it a foot that the town scavengers are allowed to throw night aoU into Alligator Creek F It ¡ was, ne thought, decided long ago that the river ehould not be polluted, and the Corporation muBt use great caution in allowing any offensive trades to be carried on within the municipal boundaries on the banks of the Fitsroy. Ko night coil should be allowed to be discharged into either creek or river ; nor, do we believe the Corporation allows such a mode of getting rid of night soil. The objections against the pre- sent locality for deposits of the kind are well giounded. A new aita mast be chosen, and tho Corporation would do well to order a large pit to be dug for the purpose. The matter could be utilised at a small cost. A MEET1NO of the Separation Committee is convened for to-morrow. It is to be boped that a quorum will be held. It is slow work getting Separation. It cannot be had by a hop-step and-jump. To eoliiove it pluck and perseverance ere wanted. Tho members of the Separation Committee who have neither qualification would serve the couse better by resigning at once, and let others carry on the work. IT is not easy to get at thc exact facts of the row al the Bonnie Doon Claim. We gare in our last a version, which, coming through an interested soutco, was rather coloured, anl we doubted its accuracy at the time. The follow- ing is from the other aide :-" Bonnie Doon again! Bough ami tumble for £60. The manager of the Perseverance Compmy (late Bonnie Doon) heading « party, stormed and took forcible possession of No. 2 Orr's Beef, better known as M'Kelligett and Hewett's claim, and on which a eliott of seventy feet had been sunk, and well timbered, by that party. Tho contest was short, and resulted in tho defeat of M'Kclligett's party, with only slight damage done to manager of Perseverance nose. It appears that Af'Eelligett's party were summoned to Rockhampton on information laid by this manager. During their absence the claim waa wrested from the two remaining miners. On the obtainment of this ground the Company's men get £20 each for their eight weeks' shepherding, which, acting as a spur to their energy, turned tho tide of battle, which, had it been otherwise, they would not have ob- tained i and, étrange, but no less true, all these men bad been working for several weeks past during the eight, in the Company's ground, so that upon what number of the Q-old Fields Regulations they baw their conduct it as yet o mystery. At all event« they obtain double waget-16s. Sd. per day." We were informed that Hayles brought eleven men on the ground, and Hewett's party wisely yielded to the force of numbers. Hayles, on going on Hewett's ground, wat asked his authority for coming there by Hewett. Hayles snatched ap a ahorel, and said that was his authority. He did not knock down Hewett. It was not likely. Hewett was standing at the end of a plank, which tilted up, and he and Hayles foll tjgnther. There was no blow etruck, we are told, by either, but Hewett ohoked off Hayles. Charley Evenett, who had been capsized by Hayles, damaged his face considerably. Hewett's party retired, and the other party remained in possession of all the ground. An application was made about a month ago to the Gold Com- missioner to compel tho Bonnie Doon Company pany to bail out the water in the shaft, as Hewett's party were working under the water line, and injured thereby. No action hos been taken in the matter as yet. Hewett's party applied yesterday to the Gold Commissioner ta fix s day to hear thc presont dispute. Accord- ing to what we hear at present, the ground jumped waa only two men's ground, and was oovered by threo miners' rights, which have been on the ground all through from the first day. Whether the four men fined last week had, or had not, proper miners' rights, does not affeot the validity of the jumping, if il be true that the ground wss fully covered by the othei miners' rights. There it a difficulty in settling disputes at this particular locality. Il is in the Broadsound district, and no magistrate hera can sit on the case eioept the Oold Commissioner. No time should be lost by that officer in going out and bearing the case, as it ÍB not expedient thal eightoen or tweoty men should be left much longer fermenting against each other, and, per haps, settling the mittler finally in,*, way thal would not be pleasant. 