ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH, NORWOOD. This building-, named after the founder of the Order of Jesuits, and situated at the corner of Qn®®n ^d William streete, Norwood, was opened and dedicated to divine service on Sunday morning, August 7, in presence of a luge con gregation. The church, which is in the Italian Btyle, consists of a chancel, nave, and north and south side chapels, the walls being of ffowi Osmond stone with cement dressings. 39ie principal entrance is by a porch at the west end <rf the building. This is flanked by two towers 63 feet in height to the top of the crosses, which form their fimals. The interior walls are covered with floated rough stucco, the pilasters, archi volts, cornices, &c.;, being in plaster of Paris; j the roof is open, and the timbers are stained and varnished ; the floor is formed of Mintaro slate. The chancel arch, which is semicircular, | is supported by two Tuscan columns, as are those of the side chapels, in each of which an s altar is fitted up with foliated capitals. At the I west end of the nave there is a gallery, carried on I semi-elliptical arches, supported by columns and ! pilasters. The chief dimensions are as follow Nave, 75 feet by 40; walls, 27 feet high to the springing of the roof ; area of the chancel. 25 feet by 22; side chapels, 11 by 7. The benches are open, of deal stained and varnished. Over the high altar is a life-size picture of St. Ignatius, referred to in another part of the paper* Oil the north side of the chancel there is a vestry, from which access is gained to the pulpit, which is let into the wall. The church about 380 sittings, Is very light, and has a pleasant interior appearance, fhe contract sum was £2,533, but t this amount did not include the cost of the vestry; and it appeared from a statement mnrio by the preacher in the morning that the total I ebt on the church and clergymen's residence 1 I was about £4,000. The architect was Mr. W. De Normanville, and the builder Mr. M. McMullen. I The ceremony of dedication was performed by the Venerable Archdeacon Russell, V.G., I who shortly after 11 o'clock, preceded by several of the clergy and a number of acolytes, made a I circuit of the exterior and interior of the build ing, chanting the Litany of the VUg-h Mass was then celebrated hy the Eev. C. A. Reynolds, Father Strele, R.J., officiating as deacon, Father Tappeiner as sub-deacon, and Father Bongaerts as master of the ceremonies. The musical portion of the services was Henry Farmer's celebrated Mass, rendered by a power ful choir with full orchestral accompaniment, conducted by Mr. Puttman. Considering that the choir without exception consisted of ama teurs, they cannot be too highly eulogized, as their performances would have been creditable to professionals. They were most efficiently assisted by the instrumentalists, and altogether the Mass was very effective. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Father j Horan, O.S.F., from Matthew xiii. 31 32: " The kingdom of Heaven is like to a grain ef mustard seed, which a man can take and sow in his field; it is indeed the least of all seeds; but when it is grown it is the largest of all herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and dwell m the branches thereof." By this parable, he said, Jesus described the origin, rise, and progress of the Christian Church. It was planted in Judea during fTis life, and after His death commenced to fling its branches over the world, so that people of all climes came to dwell therein; for now there was scarcely a habitable spot on the globe where the branches did not reach. It was in this feature of universality that they perceived its Divine origin. If it had been a worldly kingdom which Jesus wished to have established, he would have chosen men to bo his Apostles who from their status in society would havo commanded respect and obedience where - ever they went; but he passed by the great, the talented of Judea, the learned in the wisdom i of the schools; for he knew that if he had made I such a selection a wrong construction would have been put upon the formation of His Church. It would have been said that it was the powerful instrumentality and talent which he employed for its development that caused it to take root. But Jesus shut out the possibility of the slightest suggestion of this kind by employing a poor fisherman and eleven others, the weakest and obscumt individuals he could find in Judea to erect that Church, which being built upon a rock even the powers of hell could not prevail against it. He then referred to Jesus' promise to his Apostles, " to be with them all days, even to the consummation of the world," as the secret of the growth and vitality of the Catholic Church; for their enlightenment was not of themselves, but owing to His uninterrupted assistance. The sermon of Peter, when 5,000 were brought under the influence of the Gospel, was not the production of his own brain, but the breathing and teaching of the Holy Ghost. That tree planted 18 centuries ago was as ever green to-day as when it first sprouted out in the verdant land of Judea. Some of its rotten branches, it was true, had from time to time been lopped off, but the trunk still remained, and looked down in majesty at the many plants twining round its stem, and seeking to identify themselves with it. The rev. gentleman then spoke of one of the branches of this tree having reached this country, and said most of the congregation would remember the when there were only two or three Catholic priests in this colony, who in a short time fell victims to their arduous and superhuman labours; but each was soon replaced by another sometimes two; and now the parable of the mustard seed was exemplified by their having j in round numbers 30 priests and 40 churches, crowded on Sundays by Catholic people, and year after year laige numbers who had been under erroneous teaching came as "the birds of the air" to seek the comfort for their souls which they could not get cxcept in the "mustard tree"-the only true Church. Ho then spoke in high terms of the Jesuit Fathers, who had brought about the erection of the .Norwood Church, stating that on that and the residence there was a debt of £4,000. He con cluded by making a forcible appeal to the congregation for funds to help to liquidate this liability. In the evening there was another very large congregation. The appearance of the church by. gaslight, with its rich paintings, altar ap pointments, and decorations, together with the vestments^ of the priests and acolytes, had a very striking effect. Vespers were chanted by the Rev. J. N". Hinteroecker, S.J., assisted by the Rev. Fathers Strelo and Tappiener, S.J., and the Rev. T. Bongaerts, with antiphonal responses by the choir. Several compositions from the ecclesiastical music of Rossini and others were also performed with instrumental accompaniments in a manner seldom heard in connection with religious service. The Rnmict. Church claims to nave produced the finest sacred music in the world, and on Him occasion the selections were admirably performed. The Rev. Father WOODS preached an entirely extemporaneous discourse from Malachi i. 2 " From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same My name shall be great among the nations." "God," he said, "very frequently displayed His power and wisdom by bringing about most wonderful results by the smallest means. This was symbolized by the vision recorded in the Book of Daniel, in which the stone cutout of the mountain without hands smote the image and became itself a great mountain which filled the whole earth. ik> it was also with God's chosen people, when, after their deliverance from Egyptian bondage, they were brought to the brink of the Red Sea with their inveterate enemies bearing down upon them with irresistible fury. At that critical jtmcture a word spoken by Moses at the com mand of God divided the mighty waters, so that the people passed over dry shod, whilst the recoiling waves overwhelmed their anniniw,. ^ it was so when the Desire of all nations appeared upon earth. He was expected as a greatking, and a deliverer of His people from thesecuIarnJe of their oppressors; but the Man who appeared amongst them so poor, lowly, and despised, was rejected by the Jews, arrested, and condemned to death. Where were now the Iringdnm the greatness, and the glory?' The Church was again brought to the borders of the Red Sea, and »ts deliverance was effected by the very blooa which was shed upon the cross. Just at the when even the hopes of pi« disciples had died within them, and the foes of Christ were exclaiming, "He saveth others, himself he cannot wive," the Alan whom they biul oon denned as a malefactor woe opening * highway of holiness across that jreat chasm which had ml then separated mm fi 'in hi* God, Another illus tration of the greet c tote which God brought about by the use of a{ wently very inadequate meant occurred three o * four oentunee ago. At that time the corruption* which crept into the Church infected the nations to such an extent that almost every kind of heresy became rampant, and the ark of God seemed about to sink during the storms and tem pests that then swept over the face oE the doep. But in that hour of peri) God did not forsake His Church, although the force of heresy threatened to deceive, if it were pos sible, the very elect. A poor wounded eoldier lay at the point of death. But God was with him, uidtduring hi* sickness his heartwaatouchcd with tbo nobloit ecntiroenUthut could animate nhumoti being. On hia recovery he determined to devote hia future life to God. He then retired into solit ude, and having performed the meat wonder ful penances, he was led to the eujoymeut of the peace and happiness of one who was con scious of enjoying the forgiveness and favour of God. He then entered upon a new coarse of life. He was still a noldier, but he uo longer sought for glory iu conflict with the powers of this world; ho was now a soldier of the Cross, and the glory ho sought wus the glory of Goa Most High. lie referred to St. kiutiiM, who, in fiillilmentof his design, went to Home to seek th&coutiHol; of the Holy Futhor. While there ho gatnored round him ti little buml of like-minded heroic lovers of the truth, who were determined to unite with him in doing all they could for the glory of God. The Yicnr of Jesus I'hrixt au<i siicccmor of St. 1'otor saw Hint tlicra courageous inen were posno«<e<l of more than ordinary zeal, mid he could not but accept their services-. And thus by their moans tho Society wax founded which wiu» known by the muno of JCSUK; a naruo in wliicli they gloried, but which w:w regarded by their oticiuioK om u scandal and a reproach. Amongst those originator* of tho Onlcr ot Jesuit* wa* St. Francis Xavicr, who travelled to lutliu and took up hi* abode amongst tribes and people with WIhiho very Uueuages he w;w uu iic<|iiaiutcil. Yet with but one name iuid one weapon-tin! ii:itne and tlio Cross of Jesus ClillHt- -be cllected such marvellous changes amongst I In; heathen sis mado the world to ring wilh iicchimatiun, and millions to become ac ijUiiiiitcl with the name of Jc.sum. Tim rev. gentleman gave some further historical par ticulars respecting tin: labours of the .lenuitx, and maintained that the extraordinary success tlmt followed Wiis emiiii'Mly illustrative of his thesis, that, thegreatest of moral wonders arewften. effected l>y the liivinc Providence when tho means employed apjwar altogether inadequate !<. that i-inl. lie concluded by referring to tho difficulties wi:ich the Catholics had encountered in this colony, and to the gradual growth of tho (lunch, asstill further evidence tlmt the purposcK of (iod would be realized whatever miu'lit bo the obstacles to be overcome ; the day lieing near at hand when "from the rising of tho sun unto the guing down of the some 11-s nanio cliall lie jfroat among the nations." The amounts receive'I on entrance in tlio chinch and the collections mode within it .-uuoiiiitol to over X-UU. 