THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE AND THE REV. R. HAVWArin Tha following lottor appeared in tho Argus of yesterday, throwing more light on tho Hnyward con troversy:— Sir,— As tho Church Assembly- is now sittin", it appears to mo not unlikely tho abovo case may occupy a prominent position in its debates : will vnn therefore allow mo to give tho fullest information upon the Bubjcct ? Some 12 or 13 years since tho Rev. R. Hay ward presented himsolf a candidate for deacon's orders, and wai examined by tluf bishop'e chaplains in regular course. Tho examination onded, Mr Hay. ward was informed by tho learned chaplains tliat in one of ndswors tho tonoliing of tho Church of England was impugned. Mr Hayward replied that such was not tho oaso, as tho answer roforrod to wns almost verbatim from ona of tho homilies , of tho Church. This tho chaplain or chaplainB denied ; tho Book of Homilies was produced, and Mr Hayward was proved to be in the right.' " TliiB was the only thing that tho chaplains had to allege as a reason why Mr Hayward should not be prosentod to tbo bishop for ordinntion, and Mr nnyward having proved himself orthodox, ono Would liavo thought tliat ho would hnvo been at once admitted into dencon's orders. But, no ; two wliolo yoars wero allowed to elapse, and then Mr Hayward was sum« moned into tho presence of the bishop, to undorgo nn examination, this time nt tho hands of hi3 lord" ship himsolf. During this trying ordeal Mr Hay ward wns informod that ho had no warrant for using a certain expression. Ho justified himsolf by tolling his lordship tlmt tho expression complainod of was used in Howell's Catechism, a book _ sanctioned by. Convocation, Here, however, d difference of opinion existed ; tbo book was produced, the bisbop was shown to bo in tbo wrong, and Mr Hayward again in the right. Mr Hnyward wns ordained ac cordingly. ' So far (can I say ?) so good. , As the time approached for tho admission of tlio Rev. R. Hnyward into the holy order, of tlie priest hood, he was snmmoncd before tho bishop, and /was candidly told that lie would navcr bo ordained by him priest unless he would givo a solomn promise that he would never have reeourso to vostmonts. Mr Iloywnrd declined to giro nny such promiso, lolling tho bishop that he bad no right to make such nn unfounded demand, and that he (MrH.) preferred to bo an unfettered deacon to n fettered priest. Things were allowed to remain thus till within a short time since, when a paper of questions was sub mitted to Mr Ilay ward, and in due course the answers returned to Biehopscourt. I have seen the questions and answers, nnd maintain that they contain, in overy rcspsct, the dogmatic teaching of tho Church ofEng- latid; To mention orie'only, thnt ono which' is per haps most likely to startle lukewarm members of the Church. Q. — What is the office of a priest to tho Church of England ? A. — To forgivo nnd rotoin sins ; to bo a faithful "disponsorof the Word of God rind of .his holy saora- mcnts. I obnllengo any one, who will calmly try this doe- trine, whother or no it bo orthodox, by the test recommended so strongly in tho cbargo of the bishop, viz., " the articles of religion, the catechism, the book . of consecration of archbishops . and bishops, and ordaining of priests and deacons, and the various services and offices of the Book of Common Payer " — I challenge any one, I say, to pronounce any other verdict than that this is the teaching of the Church as laid down by tho Prayer book. For what says tbo ordination sendee on the subject ? " The receivers " of the order of priesthood " humbly kneeling upon their knees,!' the bishop says, "Ro- ccive ye the Holy Ghost for tbe office and work of a priest in the church of God, and now committed unto thee by tbe imposition of our hand: f' Whoso jios thou dost forgive, they riro forgiven"; nnd.wkoEo sins thou dost "retain j they are retained." " Arid So lliou a faithful dispenser of tbo Word rif God aud of His holy sacraments.' " This is the plain teaching of the Church r if It bo not so; every- time the bishop ordains a priest lie enacts a solemn mockery. Tbe replies to the other questions were given almost in tbo words of the Prayer- book — that test, ns I havo already observed, which tbe bishop declares influences bim in his selection of candidates for all orders of tbo ministry. . Now, Sir, I ask; bas bis lordsbip. calmly used that test in this case? Ilos ho not rather brought to bear ' bis own privato views on the matter, and de- \ cided by them-, rather, than, by tho. letter oftho ' Prayer-brick?'" 1" agree with you,' Sir) thnt it is.a shame that Mr Hayward should lie under tho impu tation of holding heterodox doctrine, nnd should be ejected from the dioccso " nt the pleasure " of, the -bishop, without being put upon liis trial, andaehanco given him of showing the. Church at largo whether he is unsound in doctrine or not.- These are tho plain lacts ot tuo case; - -.ANGLICANUS. 