CORRESPONDENCE. INFANT BAPTISM. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sir. — I .am sorry that I havo not boon nbio eitj.vag'io instruct or satisfy your two able correspondents, "Layman "nnd "Presbyterian." I certainly thought that I had oarnod somo merit iur l\vu gnou quoiiuos, or modesty nnd diligence — modesty in keoping my own opinions and argnmonts in tho back ground, while I put forward tho opinions of ronownod ntjd loading men of tho Chnrch of all agos, nnd diligonco in tho time and trouble tho investigation and collation of thoso opinions cost mo. But I Btipposo I must put up with my disappointment, and in order to instruct your correspondents, if they will permit mo, give you somo idea of what I believe as to baptism, mid why I believe it. And in doing this I know that I am rushing into great dangor, for ivhenovor any subject hns' beon a bnttlo Hold for any grent controversy thero nro always somo who, knowing only tho sound of tho terms used in tho controversy, nnd not under standing their moaning, aro very willing to call out heretic on ono side or another with very in sufficient knowledge of that which they sponk about. And sinco this question was tho subject df the great controversy nnd protracted stiit'bo- twoen Mr. Gorhnm and the Into Bishop of Exotor, it has boon used vory largely as a moans of attaching tho brand of heresy on difforont classes of thinkers on tho matter. Now, sir, with this profaco I can stato thnt my viow on tho matter is best condensed in the lnngungo of tho 25th articlo of my Church on sacraments : — " Sacra ments ordained of Christ bo not only budges or tokens of Christian men's profession, but rather thoy ho cortnin snro witnesses and effectual signs of graco and Gnd's good-wil! to wards tis, by tho which ha doth work invisibly in ns, and doth not only quickon, lint also strengthen and confirm our faith in him." This sooms to mo as wise nnd ns true a definition of whnt takes place in baptism as language can express. I firmly believe thnt grace is convoyed oven to tho infant in baptism. That not only is tho infant thoroby admitted into tho brotherhood of tho outward and visible Church, a groat blessing in itsolf, but further that God does in that rito bo- stow somo grace to enable the child nfterwards to grow up and live as a Christian in every sense of tho word. But nt tho sanio time I do not bo- liovo that tho infant then rocoives invincible grace — for, nlns, this graco isofton resisted, conquered, crushed, until at last no romnant of it nppe'nrsin the heart or life, and unless thoy aro ngnin brought into a state of repontnnce, their Inst state is worse than their first, nnd it would havo been better for them that thoy had never boon born. I confess nlso that I tako a higher view of baptism than either of your correspondents, and certainly than the Rev. J. Gibson, whoso application of tho term "interesting" to nn ordinanco nppointcd by our Lord Himself is to my mind, if not shock ing, nt least vory much misplaced. And this view I havo derived from tho Word of God. I find thoro that whonovor God appointed nn ordinance, he demanded that tho groatost respcet should bo pnid to it. Ho appointed circumcision, a surgical oporation nppnrnntly of no utility and of no signi ficance, and yet Ho doolnrod that whosoovor was not circumcised should bo out off. Gon. xvii. If "Layman " wants to know why this was dono, I would only nnswor him that I would not dnro to nttompt to bo a fellow-councillor with God, nnd would refer him again to Matt, xviii., 3, 4, as to the spirit with which wo ought to rocoivo nnd deal with any Divinely commandod ordinance. I would nlso point out to " Layman " tho oxtra- ordinnry nnd snggostivo incidont montionod in Exodus iv., 24, 25, as showing practically tlint circumcision could not under tho oklcovonant be nogloctod with impunity. Thoro woro thon nlso in tho wildornoss many othor ordinances ap parently useless, which God ordorod, not ono of which could ho noglocted without incurring tho Divine wrath, and tho ne.gloct of many of thom wns coupled with death. But thon Christ came, nnd having fulfilled the inw for us, thoso ordi nances bocamo unnecessary any longer, as thoy woro all fulfilled in liini ; but instead, Ho insti tuted two simple nnd solemn ones to bind together His people, nnd to keep Him over in thoir remombrnnce, nnd woo bo thoso who noglect or despise them. And now wo como to tho timos of tho Now Tostnmont, and whnt do I find but this, tlint on the day of I'ontocost, whon St. Peter's sorinon had convortod tho multitude, thoy criod out what to do.- St. Potor answered, " Repont and ho bnptisod every ono of yon, in tho nnmo of Josus Christ, for tho romission of sins, nnd yo shall recoivo the gift of tho Holy Ghost, for tho promise is unto you and to your children." Is thoro no significance oithor in tho fact that St. Peter did not exnmine thom ntnll ns to tho extent or grounds of their now-born suddon faith — in fact, wns silent on tho mattor ; or in tho fact that ho intinintely connocts thoso two things — remission of siiiR, nnd tho gift of tho Holy Ghost — with their bnptism. I como thon to St. Paul's travels, and in Acts xvi. I find n romarkablo prominonco givou to baptism. I find thero that immediately after Lydia's honrt wns opened, sho was bnptisod, ns if this wns tho first tiling tho npostio would do ; lint moro roniarkalile still, wo find St. Paul in tho prison at night, with an exceedingly smnll preparation and instruction, baptised not only tho gnolor who hnd professed his fnitli, but all his straightway. I vorily bcliove that tho force of this has not boon seen by thoso who would mnko light of Christ's own ordinance). I know, however, that thoro nro some who would say thnt I am slipping out of the question if I declino definitely to say exactly how much graco or of what ki ml is givon in baptism, nnd writers liko Layman, who can coolly sponk of such a man ns Calvin ns being in a fog, would no doubt think that thoy cnti measure God's grnco by tho foot rule or quartmensuro — that, however, I must confess I neither dare nttompt or could assume to do. Arid as regards tho baptism of infants nt all, in addition to much clso which can be said, wo find it in tho earliest records of tho onrliost days of the Church of Christ and tho onus pro - baiuli of showing whore it begnn nnd how (if not, as wo assort by tho Apnstlos) rosts with those who would attnek tho enstom of tho Universnl Church of nil time. If proof was wnnting of this wo havo tho custom of tho Wnldensos, who woro novor Romanisod, nnd of tho onrly Church of Britain beforo she was unfortunately Romanised. Not to wonry your readors though nnv longer, I will conclude by a quotation, which for its terso- ness and clenrnoss seems to bo to ndmirnbly to tho point : — " It may, thoreforo, please thom to considor that bnptiom is an nction in part moral, in partocclosiasticnl, and in part mystionl ; moral ns being tho duty which moil perform towards God ; eoclosiiisticnl, in thnt it bolongoth unto Clod's Church ns n public duty ; finally, mystical, if wo respoct what God doth thereby intend to work." — I romain, sir. vours. &c...; F. A. C. LILLINGSTON. 