COMPLIMENTARY DINNER TO 2IE. ARTHUR KING, J.P. A complimentary dinner was given by rate payer resident round Watervaleto the late Chair man cf the Upper Wakefield District Council, Mr. A. King, J.P.j on Thursday evening, August 11, in tL j Foresters Hall. There was a large atten dance, about CO being present, and the spread was well prepared by Sir. T. P. Da vies, of the Prince of Wales Ijotel. Several from Pine Creek and Skilly were present to show their respect for and to thank Mr. King for liis past exertions. Mr. J. S. Cole was Chairman, and Mr. Treloar Vice-Chairmau. The toast of the evening was proposed by the Chairman, who referred to their guest's many useful public efforts, and thanked him for the sendees he had rendered, not only as Chairman of tLe Council, but as the well-tried represen tative of that part of the district. This dinner was given more cspccially as an expression of approval and a recognition of duty fulfilled, coming from the ratepayers residing in that part of the district, ana expressed a hope that a dinner would still be given by the whole to mark their appreciation of six years' services as the Chairman. He concluded a very telling specch by proposing "The Guest of the even ing," which was drunk in bumpers, and followed by musical honours. Mr. King said he was very much gratified at their kindness especially as this was by his own immediate friends and neighbours. He thanked Mr. Cole for his eulogistic references. He had done his duty to the best of his ability. When he was first clccted the Council funds were in an embarrassed state, and there was no comparison in the amount spent now compared with what was disbursed six years ago. The first year he was Chairman, £8UOwas the actual expenditure; last year the amount reached £2,500. No District Council in the colony had paid so much or had the work done cither cheaper or better. The gross income for the six years was £11,000, of which J£9,000 had been expended on the roads, and no ratepayer could say that any money had been squandered. Some people said that he was a domineering man ; but he would give them one instance. He had always tried for a Is. rate, and had only succeeded once out of the sis years he had been in the Council. Then that he was arbitrary. A Councillor charged the former Council with squandering money, and he maintained that it was not fair to bring any charges against previous Councillors; but said he would call a meeting and let them have the statements made when others were present. That was what they called arbitrary conduct. He then spoke highly of an old Councillor, Mr. J. Ward, as a good representative. He had many reasons for giving up, and had beard that he should give way for another; as it was not wise to create two parties in the district he retired. Having been in office six years he could assure the ratepayers that no district was better served by the Councillors, and he would advise them not to be led away by anyone saying they had been in too long. It was only rushing away to get in the quick-sand. They ought always to stick to those who did their duty. When he went into the Council he was a new man, and was returned five times at the head of the poll, and should be again if it was required. His being returned last time as Auditor showed the feelings of the ratepayers of the district. He was also glad that Mr. Jas. Thomas was the Council Chairman, and was convinced he would make a good one. He thanked them heartily for their mark of esteem, and for the address presented to him on the day of the election at Auburn. It was somewhat of a struggle for him to give up, but they would find in him their hard-working servant in any capacity. On re suming his seat the speaker was warmly applauded. "The Parliament" was proposed by Mr. F. Treloar (coupled with the members for the District, Sir G. S. Kingston and Mr. Bright). " Upper Wakefield" was given by Sir. Robert Jones, and responded to by Mr. Thomas, the Council Chairman, who said he thought the present members would work well together. "The Pastoral and Agricultural Interests" were given in a telling speech by Mr. F. HcaAp, acknowledged by Mr. J. A. Lines. " The Town and Trade of Watervalo" followed, by Mr. Ward. Mr. Williamson, in reply, said the trade had gone out, but he was glad other things were not at a standstill, as improvements were going on, and he felt much gratified at meeting Mr. King as a guest at the first dinner in the new Hall. After *' The Press," introduced by Mr. Claridge, "Lady Edith Fergusson" was proposed by Mr. Kelsh, and humourously acknowledged by Mr. C. H. Richardson. Mr. Robert Jones suggested a toast of his own-" Mr. and Mrs. King, long may they live in the valley and slopes of Watervale." Honoured amid much chccring. Mr. James Jones said that the man who would not drink that he wished might meet a ghost on his way Mr.* King, in xeroanae, wbb grateful l5r &e; poetical imninw In Mich hfc hnmfl ami himaolf W haan coupled. The Chairman, Tioe-Chairman, Host and Hostess, ware honoured, ending one of tiie most pleasant gatherings ever held in W&tervale.; A party of amateurs rendered Mmral songs, duets, and glees, which greafly added totha harmony of the meeting. 