THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. Bolts and Bars. — A sort of martial law seems to have been proclaimed at tho land ' office, prompted, no doubt, by tlio volunteer proclivities of tho. responaibio. head of bliO (icpaririuuiiv. liut ujjiiiviiv wiui tatuui ing the public from crossing tlio threshhold of that stately pile of brick in La Trobc- strcot, except on certain days, tlio bead has put the official under look and key, no doubt with a view of making them stick at the enormous amount of accumulated hackwork. The clerks are looked in their rooms, and we arc informed by a gentleman who went up there to-day to speak with one of the officials that ho could not get in, and that the individual of whom he was in quest informed him through a window that ho could not get out. This is malting things doubly socuro with a vengeance, and it is to bo hoped that the amount of work that will be done will compensate the public for the inconvenienco caused them, and the civil ser vants for the loss of their liberty. A Sydney Politician. — By telegram the retirement of the Hon. John Robertson for a while from political life has been announced. This stop, we are informed, is rendered necessary through the heavy losses sustained by this gentleman in connection with squatting. After Mr. llobertson has relieved himself of his liabilities, he wili again come to the front, and take his part in the political melee. Railways in the West. — Tho people in tho Western District are not to bo altogether neglected in tho matter of railway accommo dation. Two parties are to he sent next week to survey a course for a railway between Colac and Hamilton. As between a survey and the turning of the first sod for a railway lino years generally elapse, tho ex pectations of the Western people will have to wait for some time yet. A Serious Charge. — A warrant has been issued against a Frenchman for a criminal assault, alleged to have keen committed on a littlo girl on New Year's Day. Tho delay that has occurred between tho alleged of fence and the issuing of the warrant has arisen from the unwillingness of the girl's father to 3wear an information, as he doubted the truth of his child's allegations. It is stated that a most curious state of things, speaking ill of our boasted morality, will lie brought to light. Payment of Railway Officials.— The following account of tho curious manner adopted in paying railway officials at tho Ballarat terminus is given by the Star , which wishes to draw the attention of the Minister of Railways to the fact. Mr. Elderton, tho paymaster, came up to pay the employes on the line ; but instead of paying them all alike, he adopted the fol lowing extraordinary manner of discharging theso liabilities : — To some of the men he paid a full two months, to others ho paid six weeks, and to the remainder he simply paid one month's sa'aries. When asked why they were paid in this different manner, Mr. Elderton excused himself on the ground that ho had forgotten some of the pay sheets. We do not intend to impttgn the veracity of this excuse ; but it seems very strange that a paymaster should have forgotten to bring the pay sheets with him when he came up to pay tho men, hut it is still more remarkable that he should have paid men salaries for six weeks, the usual practice, wo believe, being that tho men aro paid by the month. It is worth Mr. Longmore's while to inquire into these extraordinary proceed ings on the part of an employe in his de partment. ju-- uAdctii — (Troupe. — In a few days, wind aud weather being lavoraoie,- rate new opera troupe will effect a junction in Mel bourne for the commencement of tho new season. The mail steamer, with Mr. Lystor and soino of tho principal members of tho ka dueberc on Thursday next, and hear, by way of Adet-t?lc7Sl tfeti King George's Sound. The other chief mem bers of the company, who arc on hoard the Yorkshire, may bo expected about the same time. The Kent, which sailed only a fortnight before the Yorkshire, and is not reputed to ho quite as fast, has arrived ; and the George Thompson, which left riymoutk four days before the Yorkshire, has also come in. Communication with San Francisco is less regular, and therefore, it is less certain when Mr, Armes Beaumont and Mf- Kitts may put in an appearance, but a ship from California may arrive at any moment. In the meantime, it is satisfactory to know that the sale of season tickets is progressing satisfactorily. A. Decided Change. — For some days past workmen have been busy in removing the materials of four cottages at the comer of Russell-street and Flinders-lane, which, for many years past, have borne an equivocal character. The site has been secured for an office for the detective force, the erection of which will be commenced immediately. A jreatcr change for the better cenld scarcely jo conceived. The Alhambra.— The repairs of this fine steamer have been more extensive, wo learn, than was originally calculated upon. She has now been nearly three months under repair, and another month will elapse before she can go. to sea. Captain John M 'Lean, therefore, will make another round of the New Zealand ports before his favorite vessel is again ready for him. Disputed Maternity.— The dispute be tween a mother and daughter respecting a child aged seven, which was tried at the City Court yesterday and postponed until to-day, is in statu quo. Tho bench, on the case being called on to-day, stated that they had no jurisdiction. The matter, if further pursued, will have to come before a judge of the Supremo Court. Mrs. M'Carthy, the daughter, will have to apply for a writ of habeas to compel her mother to produce tho child, and to show cause why she should not deliver it up. . After Hours.— Tho proprietor of the Va rieties appeared at the District Court, to day, charged by Constable Flanagan with haying liis premises open after the time ap pointed by tho Act for the closing of fffick places. After the case was closed, the bye- laws purporting to regulate the closin" of places of amusement were put in. The de fendant's solicitor submitted that the bye- laws had been repealed, and the Bench seeming to take this view dismissed the case. Settled at Last.— The case of Anno Brennan, the woman who refused to move out of certain property situated in Avgyle- placc, and purchased by Mr. Henry, was settled this morning. Tlio woman consented to take £20, which had been paid to her soli citor by Mr. Henry, and which was handed over to her. She wished to have a further £20 for alleged damage to her furniture, but this was not agreed to. It appears that months ago Mr. Henry's solicitor offered Mrs. Brennan £15 to leave tho promises, which she, however, refused, saying at that time she wanted £30. An offer of the house was also made, in addition to tho £15, if she wished to: remove it, and this she also re fused. . Humbug. — AYo have received this week's number of Jlumbuy. Tho cartoon has refer ence to tho difference between Bishop Perry and the Rev. Mr. IIayward, and is well drawn ; but wc cannot congratulate the artist upon his likeness of Charles Mel bourne. : . _ Seamen Vantkd. — P ro.it difficulty con tinues to Jie experienced at Geclong, says the Advertiser, in inducing sailors to ship for England, the. few seafaring :m'en that arc to bo found out of employment declining to ship for so long a passage, and to a country where they know the rates for returning would he so much lower than those obtain able hero or in India. They aro willing enough to ship for India because they be lieve they will be able to come back again at tho same rate. This scarcity of seamen will account for the Nitn- rod still being in port, although her cargo was, wo believe, completed on Satur day last. Captain Puree hauled off from tho wharf yesterday in order to make sure of tlio men he has already on board, and will sail as soon as ever ho has got his complement. One great reason for seaman being so scarce is, that scores of them are up the country harvesting. It is generally supposed that Jack ashore is a clumsy mortal, hut it is doubtful whether, taking them as a whole, hotter harvest hands are tb bo found than the "toilers of the sea." Melbourne Crickf.t Ground. — The case of John Nathan, summoned for resisting a constable in tho discharge of his duty on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on the 8th inst., nnd for exciting other persons to resist the constable, was postponed until Tuesday next. It is stated that, during tho sports on Saturday last, one of tho men employed to keep the gates was endeavoring to put a young man out who had crossed the fence. Ho refused to go, and a constablo had to bo called to eject him. John Nathan, of La- trobc- street, told tho man' in question to go in again, saying that, if lie was looked itp, lie (Nathan) would bail him out. Nathan then asked in a loud tone, "What right had Coppin to charge half-a-crown to go into a place that belonged to tho public 1" It is stated that ho then' mado a rush at the gate, and was followed by others. The gate was forced opon, but the constable succeeded in shutting it before tiny persons got in. Several individuals got over tho fence, and Nathan incited the mob to such an extent that the inspector had to place troopers out side the ground to prevent the gate being broken. This case will no doubt test the right of levying money for entrance to the Cricket Reserve. Melbourne Punch. — This week's number of Punch is decidedly good. The cartoon, dedicated to the mayor anil council of Mel bourne, tells a forcibly true tale. The " History of a telegram," told iu eight tableaux, is excellent. The reading matter is up to the average, the verses showing that the ghost of pestilence ought to bo laid being of considerable merit. Death ok an Aboriginal Cricketer. — The Border Watch informs us that Tiger, one of the aboriginal cricketers who lately visited England, has paid tho debt of nature. Some months ago he caught a severe cold, which soon settled down into a galloping con sumption. Tiger was an active, powerful young fellow, nnd a son of the man whose re mains for many years formed an object of curiosity in tho Mosquito Plants Caves, and who was eventually exhibited in London as "the petrified blackfellow." Police Gazette Literature. — Samuel Houston was robbed on tho 1st inst. of a "bronze pockctbook," sewn with red silk, containing £9, and an £8 cheque. Amongst tho numerous articles stolon from William J. Reilly, of Melbourne, was a ' ' Tommy Dodd" hat. We shall next hear, no doubt, of an " Upin a Balloon" eoat. A man without a name is wanted for an attempted robbery from the dwelling of Margaret Jack, East Melbourne. The robber with "no name" caught a tartar, for tho. gentle Margaret struck him on the arm with an adze. Ho fled, exclaiming that he was maimed for life. A ball terrier dog has been stolen from Gardener's Creek road. The animal is de scribed as having, a faint yellow patch on one sitlo of face, cars fresh cut, and "no name .as yet." Mr. Christo- Ehor Smitliwick wishes he may get aek the following .valuablo property : — A red table cover with throe or four holes in the centre, a rent at corner, and a stain from ink and one from sperm candle; an old snaffle bridle, tho cheek strap wired to tho hit at one side ; a martingale repaired with iron, and a crupper roughly mended with Joseph Clanipett is wanted for de- serring his wife at Prahran. He was formerly a It. C. priest at Geelong, and is supposed to be in Richmond if he has not sailed for London. Alex. M'Naugliton makes inquiries about a dark brown pony horse stolen from St. Kilda. Tho two brushes on the tront tooth rul, bad off. ao.I tbo -1— striped. uniy Taylor, wit.lt a wooden leg, is wanted for stealing a bay colt, with a wither flat from fistula. Information is wanted respecting William Maroo, James Martin, and William Reilly, whose camp was attacked by tho bush lire at Tullivea, Dimboola, Wimmcra district. . The men are supposed to have fled from tlioir camp and perished in the flames, as no trace of them can be found. " All wore bush costume." Theatre Royal.— There was a ' good house at the Royal last evening, when the pantomime was received with the usual demonstrations of satisfaction. On Satur day next there will be a midday perform ance. The Duk'e of Edinburgh Theatre. — This place of amusement was not very well attended last evening. Tho farce of the "Mystery in No. 16," was well received. The acting of Miss Bentley and Messrs. Greville and Rogers, in the pantomime of "Jack Sheppard," wa3 much applauded. Weston's Opera House,— There was a good house yesterday. The musical part of the entertainment went off well. The farce of the " Dramatic Agency" elicited roars of laugh tor from the audience. Temple of Magic.— Mr. Heller's enter tainment drew a full house yesterday even ing. The various portions of the perform ance were eminently successful. 