ELECTORATE OF EAST SYDNEY. THE NOMINATION. THE nomination of a member to serve in the Legislative Assembly in the place of Mr. Parkes, resigned, took place at the hustings, Hyde Park, yesterday at noon There were about four hundred persons present at the commencement of the proceedings, but it is estimated that there were about fifteen hundred present at the close of The Rein mnc-o?fioeu (Mr. Archibald Thompson), read the writ, and bespoke for the candidates, together with their proposers and seconders, a quiet and patient a hearing. He then called upon the proposer of Mr W. R Campbell to address the doctors. The Rev. Dr. Lang stepped to the front of 'the hustings, and was greeted with cheers. He said that before Saturday last he had no expectation, and certainly no doses or intention, to take part in this election. When he was requested to do so, he declined, and he thought that he should hear no more of the subject until the close of the contest. But a gentleman who had recently retired from public life, just, as they all knew no had himself done, waited upon him on Saturday last, and requested him to do a little service for his successor he meant his old friend and political chief, Mr. Cowper, by nominating the gentleman whom he had the honour to propose as their member to-day William Robert Campbell, Esq, recently one of the members for Sydney Wear. (Cheers and derisive laughter.) He should no doubt, be told that Mr. Campbell was not a distinguished speaker, and that having been a member of the House during two sessions, Mr. Campbell said very little in either. He defied any man to have done otherwise than Mr. Campbell did. Why, the whole Sum and Substance of the oratory on both of these occasions, and over since his friend Mr. Parkes made the unfortunate step of throwing up his office as Colonial Secretary—doubtless with the expectation of re- claiming it very shortly thereafter (laughter, and cries of "So he will")—was personal vituperation. It was pretty much the same on that which we were used to hear in the old time in that part of the city of Sydney called the "Rocks—(laughter)—which was then tenanted by ticket-of- leave-men, and especially by ticket-of-leave women. (Laughter) The sum and substance of the oratory we were accustomed to hear in passing along the streets of the Rocks was, " You're a liar," coupled with a crimson epithet that he should not repeat (laughter) by way of compliment, or exaggeration, and to this charge the uniform reply was, You're another." (Laughter) From either side of the House there was nothing but vituperation, so that an honest man who had his sentiments to our had no possible chance. Whatever, therefore, Mr. Campbell might have been disposed to say, he was entirely precluded by the character of the oratory that had the as- tendency in the Assembly. He never in his life saving thing like the scenes which we passed through them and he was happy to find that another ASSembly of more reasonable men had been called into ex- istence men who, he trusted, would do honour to themselves and to the land whose interests they represented (Applause ) If Mr. Campbell had not been a speaker on the floor of the Assembly, he thought that he had been saying a great deal for himself at public meetings since, as well as at the two elections which he had been contest- ing. He should be told no doubt, that Mr. Campbell had been defeated on both those occasions a voice "And he will on thistles West Sydney and in Central Cumberland ; but they were all aware that he had been defeated on both of those occasions (to use the language of the racecourse by half-a-length. (Laughter ) Such a defeat was next door to a victory, and success might be expected on this occasion He was not here to oppose Dr. Wilson, with whom he had always been, and with whom he trusted that he should always be, on the best of terms TMr. Wilton Hear, hear J These political contests ought not to interfere with the relations of private f landship, for men would think differently in these cases, and they ought to be allowed by one another to differ. Mr Campbell was the only publicly announced came home on Saturday last, so far as he could hear. (Cries of "Oh, oh," la lighter, and a voice " You know better ') Mr Campbell had been attending two or three public in of rings, where he acquitted himself well, and was received with an h acceptance (Hear, hear, and laughter ). He trusted the score that Mr Campbell would be received in a similar sp of' this day, and meet with the success which his efforts dest road. He could not sit down without alluding to what happened at the general election for this district. He belli v d that a false name was then set before the public (Cr as of "no," and "j es") that the alleged test was born sea Protestantism and anli-Profestsntifui Now, as being one of the alleged onti-Frotcstants, he denied the charge altogether (Applause ) He trusted that he was, and always had been, as good a Protestant as Mr. Parkes, or Dr. Wilson, and even as his countryman Mr. David Buchanan (Laughter) He did not yield to any of the three in his desire to promote the practice and the principles of our common Protestantism and he denied in toto that the real question at the general election was between Protest auditor and and Protestantism, for he should not give the other word, which might, perhaps, offend polite ears (Laughter ) If there was any danger at that election, he thought that there surely could not be any now, for all his life long Mr. Cowper had been as consistent an advocate of our common Protestantism as any man in this country. (Cheers, dissent, and a voice-" Shame on you Doctor.") They would recollect that when a bill was introduced into the late Assembly that seemed to bear an and Protestant aspect, he, although supporting the Government of the day, announced that bill just as strongly as did Mr. Parkes. The question therefore was not between Protestantism and Romanism He saw no difference in the aspect of the House, in the two sides of which it consists in reference to this question As to the Public Schools Act being in danger from the predominance of the present Government, he believed that there was no danger whatever. He voted against Mr Cowper when Mr Cowper introduced his measure in connection with education-the Privy Council Bill, and Mr. Cowper was thrown out. But the Public Schools Act had now become the low of the land, and we were all obliged, whether we would or no to receive it and act upon it to the best of our ability. He believed that there was no intention whatever in any quarter of the Assembly to interfere with that Act. He could assure them, at all events, that Mr. Campbell would do nothing of the kind. Mr. Campbell would submit to the law as it was, and would do his best as a good vote), whether he spoke or not, on every question that came before the House to advance the interests of our common country. It was not necessary for him to trespass any further on their patience. (Cries of " Hear, hear," and " Go on.") He could not say that he was a young gentleman who never appeared on the stage before, for they would all be able to contradict him if he said anything so absurd. He trusted, however, that we were all of one opinion and of no desire to promote the interests of his noble country of which we were inhabitants. (Hear, hear.) He begged to recommend for their support in this election (A voice " Tom Garrett,' and daughter)- William Robert Campbell, Esq , recently one of the members for Sydney West. (Cheers ) Mr R. Stewart said that he felt much pleasure, in following Dr. Lang, as the seconder of the nomination of Mr. Campbell. (Hear hear, and a voice " How would you like to bury him r"') In the present contest they had to choose between two gentlemen well known. (A voice "One of them is, and we can only trust one ") He believed that both gentleman were to be trusted, and if the remark was meant to apply to their public character, the question could not arise with regard to either. They had before them a gentleman with all the advantages of longoxoonenco in his f w our, but the gentleman that he seconded had only been before them some twelve or eighteen months. (A voice "too long") He hoped that it might not be considered too long by the electors of East Sydney. (A voice " Send him to school.") He believes that it would be a credit to East Sydney to have Mr. Campbell for its representative on this occasion. (A voice "A voting machine, a man that can't speak.") He was a gentleman who had all the qualifications requisite for a legislator (Cries of '. oh, oh," and " hear hear ") He heard some gentleman say " send him to school," and he only wished that oil had as fair a share of Schooling to help them through the world as Mr. Campbell had, and then perhaps they would be better situated. [A voice " Cut it short "I As there were only six gentlemen to speak to-day, and as there were thirty at the last nomination, he would take the liberty of occupying one or two minutes of their time, but not more He thought that as his candidate was not so well known, a little more might be said in his favour Mr. Campbell came before them, to begin with, with all the prestige of a family name. (Laughter.) He repeated it, the name of his family was associated with the last of the colony, and was unequalled by any other in the colony (Hear, hear.) The name of the Campbells was identified with every thing good in the colony, and, as members of the Protestant Church, then and now forming the majority of this colony, they liberally supported it with their purse. [Voices "What has that to do with it" and we want a member."] Well, a member came before them, and it might be said that he was a defeated member, but it must not be forgotten that, comparatively unknown, Mr. Campbell was returned for West Sydney eighteen months ago. [A voice By whom r" By upwards of two thousand electors who sent him into the House to help to give the Government then in power fair play. Mr. Campbell did all that he was sent in to do (Laughter ) The opponents of the Government occupied all the time in talking, and it did not require their supporters to say anything. He thought that it was to Mr. Campbell's credit that he did not in ncceSEauh occupy the time He thought that those who had heard Mr Campbell at the late meeting and during the late elections, could not say that they had heard any one with whom Mr Campbell was not on equal forms, considering that he was now starting in public life. [A voice "Except Wilson ' ] He had not an opportunity of hearing Wilson [A voice " Come and hear him to- night.'] Mr. Wilson's long experience would give him great advantages, and it must not be forgotten that he had had the advantage of six years of official life. It was well paid for, and no doubt £1500 one ear was not a bad sum for occupying on easy seat [Voices " Sit down," and " That's enough He did not wish to occupy their time, but he jp many remarks were made against Mr Campbell, he thought that he could not do wrong to say his say in Mr. CnnnLcll s favour [A voice Stewart, they are only showing you "J He believed that the claims of Mr Campbell on this constituency were not surpassed by those of any other man Mr Campbell had been bom and brought up in this constituency, his family had spent twenty-five years in it, and Mr Campbell s interest in it was not sur- noFKd by any other man that could offer himself for the suffrages He thought that the constituency would make oiuibldleif they arrested a line with all the advan teeth of wealth and education. A. voice Aurt blain J Ave, end he thought with ob find a place of brains as the average of those who were sent into the Assembly (Laughter and cheers) Mr Campbell did not offer his services for pay-office would be an encumbrance to him - but he would honestly and independently perform the duties of their represen- tative noting between two parties contending for office Mr Stewart regretted that there were not cross benches in the present Assembly, as there had formerly been and expressed his belief in the capacity of hon. members, in connected with either of the parties contending for power, to form a Government. He then went on to say that he felt a great interest in this election on another point He had always been on friendly terms with Dr H union, but he differed from him on one point (Voices "Let the Doctor s TI i so does not suit your trade, < Hailom s Creek, " What about the Kiama ghost, are ] Dr Wilson was desirous of tampering with the land laws of this country, but he for one would not trust his views on that question When the land policy of the country was settled by the unanimous voice of the constituencies, this electorate sent two gentlemen of high standing into the retirement of pay to life for two years Would (boy now, after they had seen the good effect of that land law, allow it to be tampered with without the voice of the country out of doors being taken on the change ? He hoped not Upon this question Mr Campbell was likely to be most serviceable to the country, for he certainly represented the views of this constituency when it allowed Sir James Martin to be two years out of the House on account of his opposition to the land policy then propounded by Mr Robertson The Land Acts had given houses to twenty thousand persons [A voice 11 who are worse off Any gentleman who would tell him that they were worse off ought to go along Sussex street, where he would see the immense amount of produce which employed our ships, and which came from land brought under tillage by the present law Mr Campbell was a supporter of the present law, and would oppose any tampering with the land policy of the country, excepting man appeal to the electors [Cries of " Time, time ] He thought that this was a question in which they took great interest [Cries of "So we do, but we know all about it J Mr 'Vi iIbou would lock up the lands, and his policy was equal to repealing the land law He thought that in the present election Mr Campbell would recent of the support of a large portion of this constituent He had much pleasure in seconding his nomination (Cheers ) Mr. H HI i e, JP, (who was received with much cheering) said that as he had not got a Parliamentary career to tell them about his remarks would be very effort He came before them to propose a member for the important electorate of East Sydney The gentleman he had to propose was not an untried man, but one who had served them well He asked them to return Dr Wilson if for no other reason than for the way in which he had beautified a great portion of our city, for he believed that Dr Wilson s name was identified with all the improvements that had been carried out in Sydney for our comfort and convenience. [Cries of "No, no, and interruption] He know Sir Simmonds well, he was incapable of hearing the truth or telling it either (Laughter ) Dr. Wilson was a man who moved amongst us, and had always and to better the condition of the working population in every way in his power Although Dr Wilson might have some opponents in the course which he pursued, yet he believed that there was not one man in the community that would not give him credit for sincerity, and an honest and intelligent desire to do good He contented himself by proposing the Hon John Bowie 11 llson nB a fit and proper person to represent the elector late of East Sydney (Cheers and groans ) Mr W Alderton, J P , said that it gave him great pleasure to be enabled to second the nomination of Dr H Wilson He for one would be very glad to stick to the old names, such as Cowper, Campbell, Robertson, and all the rest of them, but really it was time we began to think of New South Wales These names had been taken, on with New South 11 Wales over since responsible government was introduced, but what had they over done for it. And that much vaunted Land law that his friend Stewart was talking a great deal about, what had it done r Nothing Dr Wilson was the only man who could go into that low and reform it, and it needed reforming [cries of " N , an 1 uproar ] Let us have men of progress, and got rid of this stereotyped style of going on which required that because he supported Mr Cowper twenty years ago he must always say . post him-that because Mr Campbell was the son of on honorable gentleman, whom we all respected (and we did respect the Campbell family very much), he must vote for him if the name of a family would make New South i 11 ales prosperous, then, for God's sake, vote for a hat name ' But, unfortunately, it would not do it, and t jo fact stared us in the face We dont want so many of these old colonial geebungs continually coming before us, but we must have men c f progress (Cheers ) One great drawback of this country was that the "outs were always trying to humbug the " ins, and they never rested until they went in, and so the thing went on We ought all to set our faces against such humbug as that, for he could call it nothing else there was a great deal of talk about making the country great, and some people said that our harbour would make the country great The harbour was, no doubt, very commodious and beautiful, but he said that it was the development of the resources of the colony that must make the city great Mr H Wilson had as enlightened ideas of what would make the country, prosperous as any man he know He did not want to be stuck here with a few thousand inhabitants, not larger than a large English town. He had it on very good authority, and he knew w from personal observation, that Mr Wilson was one of the best Ministers of Lands we ever had not except ing Mr Robertson (Interruption.) He said that Mr Wilson beat him out and-out He was a man who thought right, who stuck to his work, and who worked his depart mint as it ought to be worked. He was sure that they would do well if they elected Mr Wilson for East Sydney (Interruption.) When he saw a great many of them when he knew, he was amused at the way in which they went ahead with anybody who came forward as a Cowpento He however, would only stick to the man that he thought would do well for the country, but at the same time he respected those who differed from him if their intentions were honest (A voice " Wilson is a teetotaller ' ) Well, he thought that that was a great recommendation to Dr. Wilson, and he really thought that it would be a fine thing for many of us if we were to drink less of intoxicating liquors and stuck more to cold water (Laughter ) How ever, that had nothing to do with the question As the candidates had to speak for themselves, it was very Bills for their proposers and seconders to make long speeches So, with these few remarks, he begged to second the nomination of Mr H Wilson (Cheers ) Mr W R Cantwell, who was received with cheers and expressions of dissent, said he was there to day because he had been asked by a large and influential meeting and a public meeting of the electors of East Sydney, to represent them in Parliament and to undertake this candid future Not only this large meeting, but his own personal friends, and all the acquaintances he had, said he was the man to come forward as other gentlemen who had been asked to come forward would not do it (Cheers and laugh- ter ) They said he was the man to come forward, and he endorsed their opinion (Cheers and laughter) He had a right to come forward By birth, by education, being held here, by living here, and possibly by ending his days here, he had a right to present himself before them and seek their suffrages (Cheers ) It was the duty of even a man who was born in the country to take part in its legis- lation to come forward and see that the government was rightly carried on by the representatives of the people. There was not one word could be said against him as he gains his honesty politically or privately (Cheers and confusion ) [A voice I Lahey e you ] He had no interest in politics further than to serve the country A voice "Not you ] He had no interest further than that He did not go into the House for other or emolument, or to be distinguished many way He simply wished to serve them as an unpaid representative He did not go in for anything further than that (Cheers and confusion ) He must inform them that he had been defeated for West Sydney by a very few votes It was a fluke (Cheers laughter, and confusion ) He declared it was a fluke Mr Robertson s friends were doubtful as to whether he would go in, and he (Mr Campbell) went to all his friends and begged them to plump for Mr Robertson He was sure of going in and that was a fact that none could deny [A voice "What about Central Cumber- land r ] Well, at Central Cumberland he went against two strong men He went there, and the man who went in second would never have got in unless he went in on the shoulders of Mr Lackey (Cheers and confusion ) And why should he not Mr Lackey was now in office, and had got his salary, £500 of year, he thought it was (Laughter and confusion) 11 he did they open their threats in this way r (Laughter ) What was there so peculiar in this thin tickled their fancy Upon his word, they were wonderful follows to appreciate a joke (Cheers, laughter, and confusion) His father 's name had been mentioned (Confusion A voice "Never mind your father ') He would mind him It seemed to him his father's name had been mentioned as if it was a disgrace to have an honest lather (Cheers and laughter.) What disgrace was there in having a Hahn who not only deserved but retained your esteem All his relations considered him, perhaps, not so good a man as his father, but a son wool Ibv of his father (Cheers and costs- sim) He desired to follow in his footsteps, and emulate his example, and he took a pride in it-ichceia)--and if all who were present could take a pride in their children or their fathers it would be better for them (Laughter) He sold there was no disgrace to him that he had an honest father He did not want to bring his name for ward he did not want to do that at all but it was said that his time was his only recommendation (Cheers ) Hehidothei recommend mons besides this When he went into the He use for West Sydney it had been alleged he never spoke in the House (A voice " No more you did ) Did they went to argue It was a fine try to say he had no educ then M har education had these men who cried out against him r 11 hit was against his education He had as good I tin education as any man here If they had these useless, senseless cries, he could not help them. He had not spoken a man in the House, for he would not take part in any oiECUssicns wherein recriminations were cast backwards and forwards across the House. He went in to consider the political condition of the country, and not to consider winding Mr Cowper, or Mr Robertson, or Mr Parkes or Mr Wilson should go into power He wieL 1 to cuddle the political condition of the country Mid nothing else (Cheers and confusion A voice "Give us something to Iiivbcldof ) He would invoices sent to 1 } hold if they could lay hold of him if they liked (Laurinel) they could In that if they liked He affirmed that he was honest man and every reasonable qualities in for Topic granting East Sydney in Parliament. He considered so, and the whole of his friends looked round and thought he was the best man to come forward Let them look round and see the men who would vote for him on Wednesday next Nine-tenths of the higher owing as would vote for him-oven those who were opposed to him on different questions (Uproar ) And the roar wea would vote for him to, and they would see on Wednesday next he should be ahead of Mr Bowie Wilson (Cheers and uproar ) If he went into the House, ha ha he should record no vote that he should be in any way ashamed of As member for West Sydney, he had no thing to regret, for, as he told them before, he would not take part in the personal discussions which had charge friend the late House He thought the present Parliament was a better Parliament' than the last, and those who had talked the most in the last Parliament, and been the most obstructive where were they now They were not in the House [Cheers. A voice "Where are you?"] Well, they could not say that he had talked too much at any rate [A voice "You cant."] That was their opinion Of course, they (the audience) were most on lightened nothing escaped their attention they read the newspapers, and was their mighty mind could grasp every subject under the sun and they were the men to turn tail diction. (Cheers and confusion) Let them do it on Wednesday next, if they could (Cheers and uproar) There was not now any sectarian cry to disturb our minds from the question before us There was nothing of that kind now. The only question now was, " Who was the best man for the interests of the country P ' (Cnaa of Wilson,' Campbell, and confusion) The great object we had before us was to consider the political condition, end to send in men who would carry out just and wise legislation. That was for the people to decide on Wednesday next. (Confusion A voice " Cover, the butcher would knock you into a cocked hat ") He had a few rema is to make on the land law (Cheers. A voice " Who wrote that for years') He wished to say that no man could deny that the land law had been of the highest advantages to the country. He did not mean to boy that that measure was final, that it would not require amendment in some way, but he said that it had been of vast importance to the country. The people would agree that the author of the Land Law had resigned his seat in the House He regretted Mr Robertson would not be in the present Parliament to amend that Land Law and facilitate the sale of Crown lands [A voice "Ho'llgoin again"] He hoped that Mr. Robertson would go in again as soon as possible (Cheers) He heard there was some proposition to do away with the residentiary clause in the Land Act He did not wish to raise any bitter feeling as between the agriculturist and the squatter He wished to see their rights fully defined. If we gave the agriculturist rights we must compensate (ho squatter for losses thereby entailed upon him. If we gave the free selector his back, run, let him have it by all means, and let it not be taken away from him. Let him use it, and not be encroached on by the squatter, or any one else. The pastoral tenant should also have his lights preserved, and when his land was taken, he should be recompensed for any improvements made upon it. We should not have one class But against the other, let us give both fair play. The price of land should not be reduced, arable land was worth £1 par acre. [Confusion. Several voices shouted out some; pressions, which were not understood ] All right, Mr. Palmer, I hear you shake your head (Laughter) [A voice " Where's Robertson gone'] n ' are one of the educated classes on hold your tongue. (Laughter.) Let the free selectors take their land, pay their deposit of 5s. per acre, and let them pay the rest afterwards We did not want any repudiation The free selectors would pay up the interest No one had repudiated yet, or wanted to do it. We must not have any repudiation. If once we had repudiation, we should have it in the Government service and everywhere else. (Cheers, and great confusion ) If they did not understand what he said about the Land Law possibly they did not, as he had so little education he could not help their limited intellects (Cheers and confusion) [A voice "That shows your education at any rate "I he was always for the abolition of the ad valorem duties, he said so from the first. He had said the ad- valorem duties must be abolished, and that we should need no further tariff" (Confusion and uproar ) You lively looking individual, what is the matter with your (Laughter) If we abolished the duty we were well able to retrench, and we wanted no other tax to make up for them. (Cheers and confusion ) As for the newspaper tax, that should be abolished also, it only brought in a paltry £8000 or £10,000 per year. He had always been opposed to it, and was now. (Cheers and confusion ) He had a few words to say about the railways. He showed that they had been started somewhat prematurely , but it was best to let bygones be bygones, and as we had started the iron horse we must decide which way it should go. He should give his vote to have the railways extended to the South, (Cheers, and laughter ) Let us carry the southern line to Victoria, and then we could bring down their produce instead of letting it go to Melbourne. Then we should make roads for feeding the line, and enable the producer to get his produce to market. We should not expend money upon roads running parallel to the railway But we should extend the railway to the South, and that if elected he should vote for if the scheme was ever put forward, as it was sure to be within a few months, He had also to speak to them on the eight-hour system. (Cheers, and uproar) He had not worked much himself, but he knew that, in this climate, eight hours a day was quite long enough for any man to work in doors or out of doors. if they returned men to the House he should endeavour to apply that rule to Parliamentary labour, though there were men there who would work four and twenty hours to obtain office (Cheers and laughter) If menchoBO to work more than eight hours there should be no restriction, for we were a free people and should have liberal measures, It was all very well to say that he could not speak, but a man wanted experience , he had listened to a good many who spoke in the House, and, upon his life, they never gave him any idea that they were better educated than he was. (Cheers and laughter.) And their English was extremely bad-(laughtor)-iek the reporters, and they would prove that. (Laughter) They all knew his opinion on the education question. He had (said before, and herald still, he would not have that bill interfered with in any way whatever, at any rate until after this session of Parliament. He approved of the bill now, and he believed he should then, and the people also would approve of it, if so, he should be no party to interfere in any way with the Education Bill. (Cheers and laughter.) He believed there was no man who wished to alter it. He should see that it was honestly administered, and he believed it was It had been said that this was Mr. Parkes' bill. (Cheers and uproar ) It was not his bill, it was the bill of the Legislature. He would give Mr. Parkes credit for introducing it, though that gentleman had slandered him in the most unjustifiable manner. (Laughter ) Mr. Parkes had afterwards apologised for what he said, and he (Mr Campbell) did not believe Mr. Parkes's remarks had injured him at all in the opinion of any one who cares a dump about. (Cheers and confusion ) He would support a proper system of immigration, but, know- ing what he did of Mr. Parkes, and what his statements were, he had a right to watch him, and look with suspicion gn what he did. (Cheers and confusion ) They told him he (Mr. Campbell) was a party man. He was not He would never stick to a man who did wrong. [Some person in the crowd made a remark which seemed from the effect it produced on Mr. Campbell, to be very insulting, but which was not heard by the reporters 1 As to these low allusions of some ruffian in the crowd, they are most insulting. (Uproar ) If I were there he would not say such things (Uproar ) If there was a man there worth a dump he would knock him down, (Uproar) Had are not come to me, and use insulting remarks to me if I was off the hustings. (Uproar ) [Cries of "Put him out," c] The Returning-officer requested the crowd to be orderly. (Cries of " Freedom of election." "Put him out, " Shut up," A.C ) Mr. Campbell continued As to the Superannuation Fund, I have some words to say about that (Uproar.) Now then I hope you will have no disturbance here. (Cries of " shut up," c ) Do you think I will come before you to be insulted That's the reason why you have men in the House with no education, or minds, of any thing else. (Uproar) Respectable men would not come forward to be insulted. (Uproar) [A voice "It is not your place as a candidate to order any of your constituents to be knocked down ' ] With regard to the Superannuation Fund, faith must be kept with the public servants, but no man should be allowed to retire upon a pension while he was capable of working The fund was for invalid servants of the Crown and when the bill was passed it was prophesied that the bill would come to an end in five years. [A voice *' Was it Cowper's bill ] He did not care whose bill it was It was wrong , but nevertheless we were bound to keep faith with the public servants They did not receive of such tremendous salaries They were in office for years and years at last, perhaps, only reached £300 per year. Men who went into private firms received much more. The only advantage of the Government servant was that his offer wasoperu.anencj,and they knew that every promise the Government made to them would be faithfully carried out. He should support any measure to place this fund on a proper footing. A Superannuation Act had been introduced, but he had not had time to read it carefully. It struck him there might be great improvements made in the bill (Cheers, and confusion.) With regard to the Militia Bill, he thought the old country was not likely to castuseff He didn't believe a word of it. He thought the A volunteer force was all we required He should see that those men were added, and that money was spent upon them The were quite able for all the defence we should require. It had been said the Volunteers should not get their fifty acres of land. Its said that if they put him in he would help them to get it. (Cheers) It had been planted them ord they should have it. They should be honestly dealt with. (Cheers ) We should keep faith with every one If we made bargains end agreements we must stick to them, although they might be unprofitable. (Cheers ) Sweeping retrenchment would not do. The Government service must not be reducedindiecriniinitelj, but offices might be amalgamated, The Robertson Government was the first Government who attempted retrenchment (Cheers) and he believed that Government reductions expenses very much indeed. That Government deserve every event for what they had done. (Cheers) As for triennial Parliaments, when he first went into the House he was not in f ii our of them, but now having seen in a' graceful scenes in the House, he thought three years was nine long enough for the House to last. He was law in favour of cheapening the telegraphic, charges " had been done in Melbourne and should be done here The Stamp Act should be amended, and the succession duties, which worked very unjustly, should be done away with the silver currency should be altered, ondvo should memorialise the Imperial Government to have it called in,, Mr Wilson might pay he would in a great many things when he went in, and no doubt he v-R" u He had never said anything against him. He did not wish to go into the House upon the demands of Mr Wilson, but as it was advanced that he had done a great deal for the city, he would ask what had he done it He had put a few iron bars round the Domain , or rather he was not the man who had d no that [A Voice No, the blacksmith ] He took credit for the improvements at Boomerang stone, which was a disgrace to the city, all sorts of n i scores being collected there. believed the Corporation should do the work of 1°T'$*°« debt uty~(checrB)-not the Government. Mr Wilson had been ten or twelve years in the House, on! what had he done ? He (Mr Campbell) had done something He had assisted the Governnent and his election had Miipel others to stand by them too, and so fair play ""A acknowledged that the present House was one of the best that ever sat in New South Wales (Cheers.) He had a word to say about the requisition It was headed against him Mr H iIeob had been brought out of the 11th hour (Cries of "No' ) Well, then, they had been working in the dark, instead of coming out boldly, and say he came out as a nominee of Sir James Martin and Mr Parkes (Uproar) Sir James Martin must be very inexperienced -th s new Ikdfced Knight-to write his name down upon the requisition as Sir James Martin Perhaps he did not write it himself. He did not see many high homes on the requisition they may be the mines of icrECDB who are all in East Sydney or not He hoped he should poll more turn that number and he believed there were 2000 It would be a splendid election He enjoyed a good fight again this (Cheers and Jriigh'er ) He thanked them for the patient hearing they had given him, and hoped on Wednesday next they would t It's no ever run in working for him as hard as they could, the running yelled to the poll as early Be possible He thanked this large and influential meeting for this patient terms and said the very name of Cuopboll-though he fire lfwnsEiicb an itinerant fellow was efficient to bring together a crowd the was not to be seen anywhere else (Cheers) Mr J B II of n i, who came for w free amidst prolonged cheering said he did not think he was called upon to offer any excuse for his presence there, considering that he had received a requisition from no less than two thousand and of ray electors of East Sydney Mr Campbell had alluded to his workmen in the dark He could receive that gentleman that he had not worked at all until the present time Mr Campbell had also accused him of being a nominee of Sir James Martin It was not the fact he stood in the proud position of being a nominee of 2010 eke ore iCbccrs ) It was not his wish to be returned to P irlia incur either upon the merits or demerits of any one deo te came forward entirely upon his own merits He did not intend, in the few remarks he had to make to utter ene s ingle word calculated unnecessarily to go a pun Dr annoyance to any individual or body of men He came forward as a candidate for legislative honor ra at what he considered to be a very critical time, when many important questions were agitating the public mind Such being the case, he felt it his bounden duty to allude, as shortly as he could, to some of the leading questions, so that his position might not be misunderstood One of the first elections that was engaging public attention just at present, had reference to the financial statement made in the Assembly a day or two RKO by the Colonial Treasurer Candidates at this election were in a very awkward position v iib remark to that statement, because all they had to guide them was the newspaper reports of what appeared to him to beavers cloudy and garbled statement But, so far as he "on! I understand it, the matter might be placed in a cut shell IVc had a Colonial Treasurer who has been sixteen months in office and who has admitted that the deficit at the end of 1886 will be £118,000 [Cries of " No, no ' ] In making that statement, the hon Treasurer had not taken into consideration how much that did it would to increased by the S ipplem^ntiry Estimates which he would have to bring in In the face of this deficit, the Treasurer has asked Parliament to allow him to borrow 2500 t)CU to meet the ordinary expenditure of the country, and had promised if he was allowed to do that, to amend the Stamp Act, do away with the newspaper postal charges, and do away with other taxation He (Mr Wilson) questioned very much the proper" y of borrowing money in order to meet our ordinary expenditure The Treasurer had been sixteen months in office and the deficit was clearly his own. But in endeavouring to meet the cutting deficit, the Treasurer was not making a single pro vision towards meeting the deficit which would accrue at the end of 1876 Under the present financial condition of the country, the Treasurer, before he asked for the repeal of any taxation, ought to show how it was to be replaced One of the sources of our covers c, which the Treasurer ncfOEcd should be gradually removed', was the ad valorem duties He (Mr Wilson) was person lily opposed to those duties But at the time they were passed, there 56 n deficit of JCiOOOOO, and it was a matter of necessity that they should be run Seed The Martin Government had over and over again been accused of doubling that deficit But he emphatically denied it. The moment the Martin Government took, office they introduced scheme of taxation, which was rdop'<xl by the Legislative Assembly, but rejected in the Upper House, because some hon members of that Chamber considered the duty on champagne to be a differential duty The increase of the deficit was due to the Cowper Government, not the Martin Administration Some years ago, Mr Cowper was returned to the House on free-trade principles, but' he had no sooner taken his seat than he threw his free trade enough 3 to the wind, and proposed ad valorem duties Although he (Mr Wilson) was opposed to those of after, the financial position of the country at the time has ch h that he felt it his duty to vote for them H would like to see them abolished tomorrow, but he shovel like to see "specific duties or some other mode of taxation substitute 1 in order that we might g and of the enar nous deficits that were exhibited year after year Mr Campbell had alluded to the and two, and hal ex pressed a wish to see the altered in a way that was d a metrically opposed to all his (Mr Wilson s) cherished hopes Mr Campbell wished to see the 1 in Is of the colony locked up But he (Mr Wilson) wanted to see them more time- than they were now (Cheers) He had always been in favour of free selection before survey, but he was anxious to do all in his power to extend he p insipid of free e 1 c tun Except in one or two parts of the colony it was impossible for a man to rear up a family as a family ought to M reared in this country, on forty acres of land H 3 end som lSbl, when the Land Act was being passed through Parliament He would rather sell a man 100 a res it Oh ter acre than forty acres at £1 an acre, because he belts /e 1 forty acres was not catchment for a man and his family to live upon He was anxious to see the price of land reduced to suit any one might get a sufficient quantity to enable him to put up a family respectably He should like to see the price reduced to 10s per acre Not only that, but he would like to see the restriction to 20 acres done away with I copie talked about giving fixity of grazing rights to a free selector He thought he could in one or two J sentence show that that was impossible without locking up the lands of the colony He understood Mr Campbell to say that he wished the back lands to be given to the free selector without interruption We had now three million acres of land alienated, and the effect of Mr Campbell s policy would be to block up three millions more We should then have an immense quantity of land which no man could touch The only tenure that would give satisfaction was a freehold tenure If people could get that kind of tenure we should then be able to repeal some of the taxi fun with which we were now abandoned Mr Campbell and ebhI that agricultural lands were worth £1 an acre Eerde of the richest land in the colony was sold for 15 or 5' an acre, and sometimes less and yet the Government KfuEcil to sell land alongside of it for less than £1 an acre, and allowed it to be idle and unproductive rather than sell it for less He would like to see the resident of one of the Land Act done away with He held the office or Minister of Lands if it four years, and he found that a.) thing had led to greater demoralisation, to false declaration, an t false evidence so much as that cause had done It was con stantly being evaded, and if wise, he believed, a very great ease If 1 tradesman or other business men in the city desired to prepare a home for his family in the country, It should he not be allowed to purchase land without being compelled to reside on it. Why should a man not be allowed to take up a certain amount of land under free selection and be allowed to improve it, and still be allowed at the some time to conduct his business in the city or else whereUHtil such time as the land was sufficiently un- proved and he chose to go and live upon it r" He would not allow men to take up the land without they did more eat but he should like to see the residentiary else is done away with As regarded the free selectors who had only paid their 5s, and still owed the Government Ijj ; he would í (ink f say that if they paid another era in and lilian Id the oz already and, they should have the fee simple (Laughter and cheers ) He did not think anything would tend to elevate the free selectors more than to place them in the proud position of being independent of the Govern IMM or of any other individual And now one were with regard to the squatters He believed there was no occupation which paid better than that of the Eq jitters It was an d they had considerable difficulties to contend against Ike simple fact of the matter was this-their lands were set free They had been speculating beyond their means rIng themselves in the hands of the banks, and paying and a high amount of interest for the money they had wrrowed that their squatting transactions were hampered, but the time had arrived when it was necessary for the War are to improve their breeds of sheep, and cattle, and My must now be content with smaller holdings and a car class of stock It would be a great day for the colony when the squattages had been reduced in size, and were faced with a better description of stock There was in her question which had been alluded to by his oppo Mt, namely, that of railway extension The Larcenies stan had lately been laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly provided for the extension of the railway north, "V MdvE0Uth He had not the slightest hesitation in "trat, that there was no man who had studiM is subject who could put his hand to his heart and say it to to the benefit of the colony that those three lines of way should be extended At the same time he believed NmV.ï'5 Proposed by the Government as a sort of chap K 3 'm late elections to procure votes (Conf ision ) r»,7 Tell that whenever Australia was talked about in any in au i. worW' Victoria was the colony that was always AT a being Pre eminent How was it that V Sexton i Hi 1 PfllM? Because the people of that colony is vSi J a '"V amount of well directed energy than Sept 21st The Victorians had run a railway 13 t¿TZAf ih'B colony' nD(l on third of the TV031 pro third of i8.ioIony found its Ty t' Melbourne, and tub saved from that port for London These were deacon trial,. sheep in this colony, and only half that ,nJh\ iT"' and Tot there was nearly twice as 5s Mod reported from Melbourne as from this not the extension of the railway to Goulburn had already had the effect of drawing away some of the trade that had taken to find its way into the other colony, and the increase in the quantity of wool brought to Sydney from the Southern parts of the colony last year was something astonishing He was confident that if the people of this colony had only the moral courage to carry out the scheme proposed by his late hon colleague, Mr Juices Martin (cheers and uproarious carrying the railway to the Murrumbidgee, we should no longer see the rest of Sydney second to that of Melbourne. When the ad valorem duties were passed, the cry was raised that trade would fall off to such on extent that the grass would grow in our streets But why did not the grass grow in the streets of Melbourne when ten per cent was charged on all goods imported into Victoria i Simply because the Victor on people had more energy than we had to know it to be than, that of the present time, the Melbourne merchants were bidding for our Hunter River trade There were stores in the Hunter River district which were supplied with Melbourne goods The only way of preventing our trade being taken away by our Victorian neighbours was by constructing a railway into the wool bearing country of the South, down to the Murrumbidgee, or Riverina The port of Sydney would then no longer be second to that of Melbourne There was another subject which he would touch upon It was not a subject which he liked, because it always appeared to him to be a rotten one He meant the unjust and improper cry about retrenchment It been sung in our ears for years and care We were told that the present Government was to stand or fall by retr nehmen But what was meant by retrenchments That the expenditure of the country was to be to far reduced that an appreciable diminution in taxation would be the result But what had the Government done They had prepared estimates which amounted to £50 000 more than for the previous J car Instead of retrenchment, we had an increase That showed that, so far re the Government were concerned, the cry of retrench- ment wi B utter bunkum (Laughter and cheers ) Whilst on the top 'o he wished to make one remark with regard to his opponent (In corruption ) At the opening of the list Bee son of Parliament, Mr Campbell either moved or Fcccncled-ho forgot which the address in reply to his Excellency e speech In doing so that gentlemen said that the present Government was the first Government that had attempted anything in the shape of retrenchment that the Government was the only one that had the moral courage to do anything of the kind (Cheers and groans ) That statement was not correct The Government of which Sir James Martin was the head, in 1863, went heart and soul into the question of retrenchment, and in one year they differed with officers whose united salaries amounted to £34 000 per annum in the depart i cut of which he (Mr Wilson) had the honour of being the head, in 1903 and 1904 he dispensed with the services of about eighty employee He carried out retrenchment so the KUfjhlj met fully in his department, that his successor, instead of being able to carry it on further, had been obliged to increase the number of officials He, however believed his successor had done perfectly right, and if he were in the House he should support him in that increase, fees iFC he knew the immense amount of work there was in connection with the Lands Department The present Co! may Treasurer stated that he had saved £78 000 by retrenchment If that amount had been struck off the Estimates the effect would be to destroy the efficiency of the public service, and in years to come we should have to stay dearly for it Protection had been taken away from the poor in the country districts by the reduction of the number of police A number of district registrars had been dies used, and the consequence would be that the accuracy of the returns and statistics of the Registrar General could not in future be depended upon the Government had also removed the prisoners from Cockatoo, but they had no sooner done that than they put £19 000 upon the Estimates to carry out the works which the prisoners used to do Such things might be called retrenchment, but they would not be of any benefit to the State The only way in which true retrenchment could be effected was by not having too many officers, by having the work of the Government efficiently done, and by having the Government sent servant" merely paid (Cheers) With regard to the new Superannuation Bill, to had the same excuse as his opponent He did not see it until it appeared in that morning s Ha a II, and he had had no time to read it through Prevalence of the passing of the Superannuation Act every minor boy who entered the public service did so on the understanding that in his old age, or when he became infirm, he would be supported by the Government he had served what was the reason which had induced many men to enter the public service and refuse more remunerative employment in the es abolish ments of private persons But when P parliament met in 1859, there was a strong party in the House who set their faces against persons, Consequently whenever the Estimates were under discussion, we had long debates upon some poor unfortunate individual who was singled out for the pig pen It was this state of things that led the Government to bring" in a Superannuation Bill! It had since been found that the measure had been drawn up in a same that hurried manner, that the calculations were erroneous, that too high pensions had been given, and that the fund had not been sufficiently supplemented by the Government. He was willing to see that Act improved, but he would never consent to see the Civil servants compelled to contribute 7 recent from their salaries to the fund The Civil servants ought, he thought, to have the option of con nbutmgto the fund or not, as they thought proper He would support any amendment of the present Act that would not oppress the Civil servants and in any new Act provision should be made for supplementing the fund by a vote of P parliament He had always strenuously supported the eight-hour movement and the Saturday half holiday movement If the minds of the working-classes were to be elevated, opportunities must be afforded them for reading and son lying in a climate like this it was utterly impossible to do the same amount of physical labour that could be done in colder climates He would like to throw out a suggestion to the leaders of the eight hour movement namely, that during the sun mer months four hours work should be done in the right eg and four in the evening. They was! 1 thus escape the hottest part of the day, more work would be accord clothed, and health would not be so much sacrificed On the question or education he should say but little He was a strong n s score of the present Public Schools Act, and he did not think there was i in danger of its being rep died just at present It was extraordinary how the opponents of that measure had got to admire it at list They now said they wished only to have it administered properly Mr Cnu pbell said he would not have the Act touched this session But he (Mr Wilson) would not allow it to be touched in any session The Act was righteously administered, and the gentlemen who composed the Council were ob conscientious as any men to be found in the colony (Cheers ) They had drums red the law conscientiously, and he had no doubt they would continue to do so He died any person to travel through this country without being a bid to see the glorious effects of the Public Schools Act He hoped they would not consider him egotistical if he alluded to a subject which had been spoken to by his opponent A day or two ago a friend of his v note to the newspapers setting forth the claims which he (Mr Wilson) had upon the ci i no for the improvements which had been effected in the city through his mstrunicUnhtv He d lied any one to point to a single improvement mentioned in that letter which he had not taken on active part in carrying out He had over and over again regretted that so little had been done for this city of beautiful sites He took so much interest in the city, that he never saw an improvement being carried out, how ever tight, but her joiced to think it was another step towards what the city one day must become He should do everything in his power to promote the interest and social welfare of the city This was a young country, and it must be remembered that it was not in high salaries that our money was expended, but it went in governing this enormous territory We were obliged to have police protection, to build bridge and construct roads and until we got a li rger population our expenses of government must be relatively great But the people were well able to bear the taxation that was imposed upon them Our revenue amounted to £4 per head of the population , but £1 of that was obtained from the land and from the sale of spr i e Consequently, only £2 of it could legitimately be called a burden upon the people And where was the community in the world that was so lightly taxed ? Something must be done to increase j population But he would agree to no system of immigration that was not based upon a sound principle of nationalities He would support no system that was to bring out labour without capital He would rather not support any system of immigration than support one which would be likely to bring out a does of peace le who would become paupers We had now a population of about 150,000 soulS and we had 20,000 people living at the expense of the State Any scheme of immigration that would contribute to such a state of things he would not consent to He had now to apologise for keep anthem colony He felt highly flattered by the once iLOJs rcqu men he had received from the electors of East Sydney He felt the responsibility of the position in which that requisition had raced him If elected for East Sydney he should strive to do everything in his power not only to prove of the prosperity and interests of the city, but also the prosperity and welfare of this his adopted country, (Contmacd npiJause ) In answer to a question as to whether he would bring in a publican's bill like the one he introduced into the Assembly during the last Parliament, Mr Wilson said he would do everything in his power to improve the tone and position and to elevate the calling of the licensed victuallers He should, if returned, bring into bill which would have the effect of putting down the dancing and music saloons, and all those immoralities carrie I on in low public houses He would introduce the same bill that he introduced the session before last (Cheers ) | The Returning Officer then called for a show of bands About one fourth of these present held up their h rails for Mr Campbell, about three fourths for Mr, Wilson The Returning Officer declared the result to be in favour of Mr Wilson, which announcement was received with prolonged applause Three cheers were then given for the returning officer, area for the Queen, and the assemblage dispersed 