THE LAST THING OUT IN AMERICAN SECTARIANISM. [ GnEA.T religious excitement exists in Macopio, twelve miles from Paterson. A new religious society, called " Jehova's Band," has been started supplanting a favourite station of tho Methodist Church. Tho Methodists sent their best preachers to combat the heresy, but they ara repudiated. Each in turn is forced to leave. The peculiar form of worship do velopes itself in pulling, blowing, whist- ling, shouting, jumping, wrestling, fall- ing to tho floor, lind rolling over and kicking. Both women and men engage in tho exercises. Baptism is by immer- sion in tho village mill-pond at tho dead hour of night. On Sunday, they hold continuous service, and laico a recess for meals only, refusing to read a news- paper, or even to receive a lottor on that day. Every Thursday evening they held their meeting in the school-house, until a difficulty about the candles used led them to leave it, and now they meet in any house ia the neighbourhood where the spirit manifests itself. John Rbincsmith, a wealthy and well to-do farmer of tho neighbourhood, is the chief man of tho band, and recently had his house rebuilt especially to accommodate the brethren ; ono room resting on strong beams, it stands tho jumping; but about a month ago an ardent member, in a paroxysm of fanaticism, declared that when filled by the Holy Ghost ho felt as light as air, and even though they jumped upon a looking-glass they would not so much as bruise it with a scratch ; whereupon he began to leap upon the stove-hearth and broke it off, and then leaping on the top broke in tho frail covers, and finally smashed a big rocking-chair before he subsided. Recently Khinesmith baptized Gilbert B. Speaker, a man of family and a con- vert to the now faith, the baptism talcing placo in Rbincsinith's mill-pond, beforo tho members of the baud amid shouts and cries, the whole gang at ono time shouted " fire," to the alarm of others in tho neighbourhood, it being then after midnight. Ono of the band told a reporter that as ho was at work in his barn ho got the spirit, and that he ran one milo over ditches and fonces before the spirit left him, and all this time he was elated that lie thought he was flying. AVhon jumping in ecstaeyof the Holy Ghost, they say their spirits rise above their bodies. They permit no person, oxcopting (lioso belonging to tho band, to join with them in singing or jumping, or any other of their exercises, although no objection is made to the attendance of outsiders at the meetings of the band. A. dozen will have the floor at once pounding and kicking, and the whole crowd seems worked up to a fearful state of excite- ment-some jumping until they fall, the women shrieking in tho wildest manner, and others praying, whistling, or puffieg, as for a wager. They permit no levity on tho part of tho young folks during their proceedings. Mr Cobb, one of tho band, is thought to bo growing insane under tho excite- ment of this religious phrenzy. There is no doubt that tho members of tho band are sincere entli usiasts. Tiie society now numbers over 500 members.-New York Telegram to the Cincinnati Com- mercial. 