DAL D Y. TfBOM OUR OWN COKRKSPONDENT.l A OBEAT many troubled lookB have been cast at the sky during the last two days. The heavy clouds that have lowered about us have caused many to think that we are in for another dose of rain ; and, as the lambing season has just commenced, rain at present would lie agreat drawbiick, if not a calamity —therefore all the sky-watching and weatherprog nosticating wo have dad recently. But, after all, I think we shall have fine weather for a time at least, for I find that some great authority (Saxby, I think) iu speaking on this subject, says — ' The nearer the time of the moon's change, first quarter, full, and last quarter, arc to midnight, the fairer will be the weather during the next seven days' — and as the chance to full moon [virtu 1'ugh) takes place on the 9th day of the present month, at 55 minutes 19 seconds past 1 1 o'clock p.m., the next seven days thereafter should be superfine, for it is almost im possible to get nearer to midnight than that with such a cumbrous article to deal with as a full moon. People interested may, therefore, take heart and rely upon good wcatlucr for ten days to come. The temperature is very agreeable, there is an excellent spring observable iu the grass, and crops are looking blnoininz : tlius the commencement of spring, but what will be its middle and ending must be taken as they come, for the nlmanacs nre all mute on the matter, and I have herein prophesied quite enough for a time. It would seem that all the up-country rivers and creeks have run themselves out enffi ciently to be crossahle, as mails now arrive with most commendable punctuality. At this time of year when so many men will be handling sheep — probably fur the fii'Bt time — it might lie as well to note that animal poisoning is nnt nnltnown hereabout, as witness the unfortunate affair at VVeranga twelve months or so ago (reported in your columns at the time); and now we have another instance of what a mere scratch may lay a man liable to. About two months since a trades man in this town, whilst removing tampers from a horse, clapped one of tbe knuckles of his right hand agahnt the horse's teeth. He paid no attention to the scratch uutil the hand and arm Bwelled so that medical aid had to be called in. The doctor cured the great blotch that had resulted from the scratch, but another great Llotuh broke out fattier up the arm, and when that was cured another and yet another here and there all over the arm came like the ghosts in 'Macbeth,' and up to the present time (since the accident) that man lias not earned a shilling, anr'. it is very difficult to say wlicn he may have tut full qbc of his right arm agaiu. Now, such a thing as this ought to induce caution in those who have the handling of sheep for the first time (old hands know how to look out), and take care that no accidental scratch remains unattended to for a single hour longer than can be prevented. Personators who got away from the polling booths at the late election have not yet got quite away from the strong arm of the law. It seems the police are actively endeavouring to ferret out a few of them who are well known, and as the Returning Officer is understood to be 'death on' this kind of thing, it may yet go unpleasantly hard with some ,of tfioae gentry, and it will serve them right, do them cchhI, and act as a caution to others if one or two of them get mulct in the full penalty, or Bent to gaol for a few months. The diorama of ' The American war' is to be dis played here shortly. You know all about it, no doubt. But it ia looked forward to here as a great treat. It will lie exhibited in the Union Hall, than which no finer or more commodious room exists iu this colony out of Brisbane and Ipewieh. Our worthy Mavor seems to be the right man in the right place. 8inee his election to office there has really been something done to the town that is worth speaking about, but which at tbe same time speaks for itself ; and improvements, like the ball described by Slim Sim, ' are gwine on now.' The beastly black and white poets that have disfigured the place for years are being taken up, footoatus are being formed, culverts laid, drainB cut, and water tebles cleared iu a workman-like and economic tnanner, all because the person who should look filter the workmen does so in the most indefatigable manner. Volunteering in Prdby is not likely to come to much. We bad a Volunteer Fire Bricade once, and it went bong. We are to have a Volunteer Rifle Brigade, but the very idea of that has expired, and strangely enough of the same cause as killed its predecessor. In the V. F. B. every one wanted to be something else than what he was, and the mildest aspiration was to be an officer. In the idea of a V.It.B. the list of captains, lieutenants, sublieu tenants, and so on down to sergeant could have been made full and complete, but when it was com piled there would not be a private on the roll, far less a member of the awkward squad. There is a great deal of sickness about at present, and deaths have been frequent amongst the children. The cause of sickness seems to be fever and ague and rheumatism amongst the elder, with whooping cough, croup, and diphtheria amongst the younger portion of the community. From careful observa tion I am inclined to think the' worst is past, and if the weather acts as soggeatod in the first para graph of this letter, it wifl. no doubt complete the cure. Dullness has again churned Dolby tat its own. There is not anything, therefore, to record about the state of the markets or of general trade beyond the word, 'etagnation'-that u, total stagnation, with a strong tendency to decay. It may be remarked, however, tbtt some few dray-loads of wool, pro bably the tag end -tf last season's dip, have arrived in town lately, and have caused remark, if notaome trade, and it is hoped these teams are only the pre cursors of whole strings of ethers to arrive in she not distant fatam, 9th September. 