TOWN AND COUNTRY. VISIT OF HIS EXCELLENCY TO THE COUNTRY.— His Excelltncy the Ear) of Belrsore contemplates viBinu^ B ah um end Orange, leaving here on the 3Ut instant, and returning for the Birthday ball on the 9th June. And immediately Biter the departure of the next Eoglisa mail his Excellency will make an overland trip to Fort THE NORTHERN RAILWAY : FLOODS.— On Wednesday evening the Hon. the MiniBter for Paolic Worts reoeived a telegram from West Maitland to the effect that the Great northern Bailway line was again flooded in several puru, and that it was doubtful whether the railway officials would be able to work the through traffic last night. RICHMOND BRIDGE OVER THE NEPEAN.— Oa Weauea day morning, a deputation, consisting of Mr. riddington, M L.A., Mr. Walker, and Mr. George Pitt, had an inwr Tiew with the Hon. Charles Cowper, C.M.G., at the Colo nial Secretary's office, respecting the bridge over the Nepean at Richmond. The deputation presented a memo rial, addressed to the Secretary for Public Lands, from 700 of the inhabitants of Richmond, Kurrajong, and the neighbourhood, praying that immediate steps might be tsktn to repair the roadway and approaches on the eastern aide of the Richmond Bridge, which have been washed sway by the recent heavy floods. At present there is a gap ?f about fifty yards between the bridge and the approioh oa the eastern side, and the only means of communica tion, therefore, is by boat. Mr. Piddington pointed oat that it was extremely desirable that some temporary arrangement should be made to accommodate the traffio pending the completion of a permanent work. Mr. Gowper promised to give the matter his earliest attention, and to cenmnnicate further with. Mr. Fiddjngton on the ?object. A NEW OMNIBUS. — Mr. H. J. Dyer is in communica tion with several of the ooachbuilders of Melbourne on the subject of testing his proposed new omnibus. The Argus gave, a few days ago, a tolerably full aoconnt of the vehicle, designed by Mr. Dyer, of which the following ie the substance :— The desired improvement in the style of our street conveyances is to be effected by a radioal change in the mode of construction. Instead of the passen gers being inside the vehicle they will all be outside pas sengers, and inBtead of being confined in a close vehicle, as in the omnibus, face to face, they will be seated baok to back, as in an Irish jaunting car. There will be a row of Bix seats placed back to back, each seat being separated from the other by arms like those of a first ?laBS railway carriage. The footboard of these seats is to be raised enly fifteen inches from the ground, eo that the passenger at one step will be able to mount from the street or the footpath to the particular seat he desires to occupy, or that he may see empty. The im possibility of giving these advantages with carriages of the ordinary construction arises, it is pointed out, from the position of the bind wheels, and here the inventor of the sew carriage makes his great innovation— he substitutes one very large and powerful wheel for the two hind wheels. Thie wheel ie placed in the centre of the vehicle, and bears the weight of the whole hind part of the carriage. The passengers are seated on covered and cushioned seats on each side of this large wheel, which revolves in a chamber at their backs, and is completely boxed up and hidden from view. A light and elegant roof covers the whole vehicle, the top of which is not more than eight feet from the ground. It is, in fact, a tricycle, with the third wheel in the rear, instead of in the front, and it is prevented from upsetting by the lowness of the foot-board on each side, and the breadth between the two wheels in front, There are also aprons, which draw up from the foot-board to protect each seat in the event of wet weather, eo that the passenger is almost as much pro tected as in a Hansom cab, and more so than when in an Albert car. The front part of the vehicle has an elevated driver's box, giving the driver fall power over the horses, and enabling him to work a powerful break, which acts span the surf ace of the large central wheel. In this way fifteen passengers may be accommodated each with an independent seat. The principle may be applied on a smaller scale, so as to bring into use one-horse as well as two-hone carriages ; and it is contended that vehicles of thie description would be cheaper, safer, and more comfort able than any which have yet been submitted for the Approval of the public. The necessary specifications have been lodged in the Chief Secretary's office, and the patent will be applied for in due course. SYDNEY INFIRMARY.— Report of the week ending 23rd May, 1870 : Admitted, 25 males, 6 females, total 31 ; dis charged, 17 males, 11 females, total 28 ; died, 5 males, 3 females, total 8 ; remaining in house, 122 males, 62 fe males, total 181. Subscriptions, &c;, received, £223 1b. PORTER AND SHOE-BLACK BRIGADE.— A. circular was recently published in the Meruld, announcing the intended formation of a Porter and Shoe-Blaok Brigade, with the ?view of offering profitable employment to a class of boys who needed a helping hand to pat them into the way of earning an honeBt and respectable livelihood. The brigade bas been duly inaugurated, and, already, about eighteen boys go forth every morning, equipped with their box of blacking, and brashes, and take the stands which have been allotted to them. They have been provided with a blue serge jacket, with red trimmings, and a cap, bearing: the words, 'Shoe-Black Brigade.' A number of boys have also been employed as porters ; wA they hare been fitted with similar uniforms. Already the boys have earned con siderable sums ; and there can be little doubt that there is a profitable field of labour open to them. The committee Of management are daily receiving additional applications for employment ; and there is every promise of the brigade becoming a most useful institution. A room has been engaged in Elizabeth-street, near King-street ; and a night school is abont to be established there for the brigade. WOOLLAHRA AND PADDINGTON LITERARY SOCIETY.— A meeting of members convened by circular, was held in the Congregational Schoolroom, Point Piper Road, on the 20lh instant, the Rev. Dr. Stanley in the chair. The meeting was called to ascertain the wishes of the members generally as to whether the seciety should be continued or allowed to lapse. It was stated that owing to various causes, the chief being the unparalleled wet weather, and ^ the removal of some of the most active members, the in f. tereet taken in the society's proceedings had sensibly diminished. Owing to the wetness of the evening the attendance was very limited, but as several members had communicated their wishes that another effort should be made, it was finally determined, on the motion of Mr. S. Thompson, that the society's operations should be sus pended during the present year, to be resumed early in 1871, and that the funds in hand (over £11) should, in the meantime, be placed in the Savings' Bank, in the name of the secretary, Mr. Meares. BALL AT CLARKE'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS.— The annual ball and supper, given by ' The Amalgamated Society of Engineers, Machinists, Millwrights, Smiths, and Pattern makers,' took place en Monday at Clark's Colonnade, Elizabeth-street, and, notwithstanding that the showers which fell during the evening tended to make the attend ance somewhat meagre, (here were fully 160 persons pre Bent, the fair sex being well represented. Mr. W. Knight ?S, officiated as matter of the ceremonies, and under his supsr i vision, the programme of dances was gone through with spirit and thorough enjoyment to all. The party subse quently adjourned to the lower room, where supper had been provided by M. Compagnoni. The chair having been taken by Mr. Thomas Howson, with Mr. Miller as vice chairman, the supper was duly disposed of, and various toasts followed, the toaBt of ' Success to the Society ' being enthusiastically received. It may not be generally known that this society has numerous ramifications throughout the world, the head office being in London, where the executive council meets to dispose of the ' various matters brought under its notice. Like other societies of a kindred nature, it is intended for the mutual benefit of its members, and by paying a subscription i amounting to one shilling per week, a representative of any of the trades embraced by the society IB entitled to a cartain amount from the funds in cafe of accident or sickness, while a superannuation fund ie provided for those who have subscribed to the society for twenty-one years. FATAL ACCIDENT.— On Thursday, 19th instant, (the Wagga Wagga Exjwess reports) a shocking accident, re sulting in the death of Mr. Robert Angel, occurred near the residence of Mr. Higgins at Nsrth Wagga Wagg». Fromtheeviderce taken at the inquest, which was held on Friday, at the residence of Mr. Higgins, by the coroner for the district, Dr. Robinson, it appeared that, on Thursday afternoon, the deceased, in company with Mr. Higgins's pon, John Lacblan, and Messrs. Ray and Kudd, wont out fora ride, the deceased riding a quiet but rather spirited torse. The party rode rather rapidly, the deceased and Bay leading, and Rudd and young Higgins following. As deceased neared a tree he endeavoured to pull his horso off on one side of it, but the animal, apparently, endeavoured to pass on. the other, and the result was that the unfor tunate young man was dashed with terrific force ngainst the trunk, and immediately fell senseless to the earth. Hay, who was only about fifteen yards distant from the deceased at the lime of the acci dent, and witnessed the whole occurrence, at onoe rode up, and fonnd him lying upon his face on the ground. Young Biggins had not seen. the accident, as lie was at that moment some distance behind, and an intervening hill obstructed the view ; but, seeing tie deceased's horse run ning riderless in the buBb, ho galloped on until he came upon the body of the deceased. He immediately dis mounted and raised his head from the ground, and then found that blood was oozing from his mouth, ears, and nostrils, but he did .not speak, and was quite insensible. Finding that ho had been seriously injured, he was raised into a sitting posture, atd young Biggins rode home, and, i returning with a buggy, the deceased was lifted in and conveyed to his bouso, and a messenger was then dispatohnd into Wngpa Wagga for a doctor. The deceased never spoke after the accident, and before the arrival ot Dr. Lyons expired, CURIOUS DISCOVERY OF A MAILBAG.— After the heavy rait/6 of last week (eays the Queaiibe^an Age), a rann Darned Griffiths found the uppT portion of a canvas mail bag lying in the bed of the creek which is fed from tho gullies ot the Big Hill, and which passes Butler's tannery, below which place it empties into ihe river. Tho setling wex fitill adhered to the cbuvhs ; bui. tho lower pirtim of the bap apparently do ayod, judging by the r ittenaosB of the threads remainiBg on the lower end of the portion found, whilst the upper end was campaTattoo'y Birong. Tb.-5 big is probably a relio of the days of bushr- inging, and a portion of the tpuile of the mail which some years ago was Btue'B up on Brooks's Hill. A GHOST STORY. — A report has bo°n current in Eempsfy during the past week (the M-icleig Hefali relates) that the ghost or an old woman ban been «een on twe or three occasions lately, at a pUce known as Darby's selection, pituate a short distance from this town. A -oung nan, named Job Stanford, a man named Francis M'Carthy, and another man, all state. Wu believe, that they have eeen the ghost — an old woman, tall, lean, and haggard. It was seen, it is stated, on three consecutive tn'gbtp, and approached the men, uttering the most piercing end unearthly shrieks. Reports sayB that some ynars ago en old couple lived a very unhappy life io that lociUty, and Ihe woman ultimately died it a most wretched condition. Whether her death was hastened in not known, nor cloeB it transpire that any questions wore put to the apparition by those who Bay they suw it. REDUCTION OF TELEGRAPH CHARGES.— In reference to this subject the Goulburn Herald, of Saturday, says :— ' The Treasurer is reported to have stated that we cannot make a uniform charge for telegrams in this country because we have lines extending to much greater lengths than those of Victoria, for instance to Fort Bourke. How aver, letters are carries to Fort Bourke for the e*ina rate as between Sydney and Parramatta ; yet no one advocates the abolition of the uniform postal rate. But even were we to admit that there was'anything in the Treasurer's argument, still it would apply only to those oases in whioh our lines are loneer than the longest lined in Victoria, In the latter colony a message can be sent from Mel bourne to Belvoir, about a hundred and ninety miles distant, for le. In New South Wales a message between Goulburn and Tass, distant less than sixty miles, is te cost 2s. 6d. ! This brings us to another absurdity in the new scale. At present we can send mes sages from stations fifty or sixty, miles apart for 2s. ; but under the proposed new boon ! we shall have to piy 2s. 6d. This is a conoession with a vengeance! However this probably is no more than want of consideration on the part of those who have the adjustment ef the scale. We see no reason why the English scale should not be adopted in its entirety ; and are satisfied that it would be successful. The changes now proposed will make little or ae difference either in point of revenue or in point of convenience to the public. LAMENTABLE DROWNING OF A LADY.— Our Armidale correspondent writes : — There was considerable excitement caused in town on Monday night last, the 16th instant, by a report being current that Mrs. E. E. Rowsell, widow of the late Mr. E. E. Rowsell, solicitor, had that day been drowned in the Moredun Creek. The particulars to hand are as follows :— It appears that the deceased (who was re siding at Inverell) came to Armidale on a visit about :,- weeks ago, and stayed until last Friday, the 13th, so as ' be present at the Church of England concert, which took place last Monday evening (in which she took part), she also took part in the bazaar, held on Wednesday and Thursday last. On Friday, the unfortunate lady left Armi dale, in Dr. Spasshatt's buggy, driven by his servant-man, and accompanied by a MisB Markham, who was invited by her on a visit to Inverell. They reached Ollera. which is a distance of 20 to 25 miles, that night (Friday), and stayed there until Monday morning, the 16th during which time a buggy and pair had arrived from Inverell, for the purpose of conveying them borne. They left that morning, about 9 o'clock, and had proceeded safely to Morednn Creek, which is a distance of about ten miles from Ollera. The crossing-place in thie creek is, I am informed, a remarkably bad one, the bank being very Bteep on both sides, and there are also deep waterholes on each side of the crossing in the creek (one of which is some where about 25 feet deep). While the buggy was proceed ing down the bank, the break broke, consequently, the busgy, hones, and passengers, were precipitated into one of ' these waterholes (the deepest of the two). la the struggle of the horses in the water, the bnggy was smashed to pieces and the unfortunate creatures were left in a water hole about 25 feet deep and some SO yards wide. Here a sight occurred that would take a more graphic pen than mine to describe, but it appears that, owingto the confusion in the water, the reins of 'the horses got entangled with White's (the driver's legs) and dragged him out of the water on to the bank, otherwise he would have beea drowned, being unable to swim. Directly he re covered himself, he looked for the tiro unfortunate ladies, he found them both in the middle of the water, but Miss Markham being able to Bwim, swam to the bank, and White stooped over and gave her his hand, thus bringing her on to land. During the whole of this time the unfortunate lady, Mrs. Rowsell, was struggling in the water, no one at hand to render her assistance, and she being unable to swim. White, being almost frantic, seized one of the horses, and raced off to Ollera for Mr. Mac kenzie, who lost no time in procuring ropes, &c;, and started off to save the unfortunate lady ; but, alas! when he arrived life was extinct, the body was still fba'ing on the water, and, after considerable trouble, he succeeded in fetching it to shore. During the whole of this time the young girl Mies Markham, had to remain on the bank, saturated to the skin, and what is worse than all, witness ing a living creature struggling in the midst of a small sea and unable to render the slightest assistance. The body of the deceased was then taken to Ollera, when it was found necessary to cut her clothes off, it being quite impossible to remeve them otherwise. The deceased was brought in to Mr. Richard Pearson's, Armidale, on Wednesday morning, where an inquest was held the same day, the jury return ing a verdict of ' Death from drowning, through the want of assistance.' The funeral took place yesterday (Wednes day), which was well attended, considering the short notice given ; her remains were interred in the Church of Eng land cemetery; the Rev. S. Hungerford 'ad prayers Never do I recollect snch universal regret at ^e deith of a person before in Armidale. The unfortunate lady was a favourite with all, both rich and poor, high and low. DARING ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE AND DASTARDLY ASSAULT.— On Saturday morning, Hthinetant (the Dubbo Dispatch relates),a prisoner, named Hugh Cameron, lodged in Dubbo gaol under committal for horse- stealing, daringly attempted to escape, and in doing so committed a most 'violent assault on acting-gaoler Byrne. It seems that on Saturday morning, Byrne was preparing breakfast for the prisoners in the cell, and had Cameron in the kitchen helping him. There were three pots of hot tea on the table cooling ; and Byrne stood at the door. Cameron was inside, apparently engaged in some cooking operations. He watched until his guard turned his head, and then the ras cal took up one of the pots, and threw its contents into Mr. Byrne's face. The shock occasioned by the throwing of the scalding fluid, put, as a matter of course, the gaolar off his guard, and Cameron rushed ouc and made oS. However, Byrne, whose neck, face, and breast was dreadfully .burnt, thought only of the escaped prisoner, and notwithstanding the extreme pain he was in, mshed after his cowardly assailant, and felled him with a blow 01} the neck before he was half a dozen yards from the place. Immediately on getting him down, Mr. Byrne secured the young blackguard and quietly remitted him to the cells. Dr. Tibbits at onoe attended the injured officer, and when he first looked at the scalds, the appearance was frightful. The face, neck, and breast were one mass of scalded flesh,— and the flannel Mr. Byrne wore was stick ing to the burnt parts. The extraordinary pluck displayed by gaoler Byrne in the trying emergency is deserving of every praise ; seldom are such acts of bravery committed, and only for the courage of the gaoler the prisoner would inevitably have escaped, and perhaps commenced, like many others before him have done, business as a highway robber. On Tuesday, the case was investigated by the Bench. The prisoner Cameron, who doubtless, at tempted to blind Byrne and then escape, was committed for trial ; and the Bench very properly signified publicly their appreciation of the acting-gaoler's meritorious conduct. They also instructed the C.P.S. to forward to: the proper authorities a certificate speaking most handsomely of the affair,' and recommending that eome special reward should be accorded to Mr.. Byrne. The Bench have never done a better act, nor one which we can so heartily endorse. Sudden Death at Orange.— On Sunday evening 15th instant, (the Western Examiner reports,) a man who was conversing at the door of Mr. Bridges' shop, and it appears endeavouring to obtain admission into the hospital, fell down dead. The body was removed to Mr. Stynes's Coach and Horses Hotel, where a magisterial inquiry was held the following day before Mr. J. T. Lane, P.M. Tne only clue to the identity of the deceased was a miner's right, which was found on him bearing tho name Francis Can-in. Deceased was evidently an engineer by trade, as he was bearing his tools with him. A letter was also found on his person addressed to J. L. Isaacs, Esq., Ironbarks, applying for the situation of engineer at a crushing ma chine. Death resulted from disease of the hem— that organ being flabby and diseased to an extraordinary degree. The Police Retrenchment Scheme,— On this sub ject the ll'agga Wagga Express of Saturday observes.:— The Government now make the police find their own horses, and, as a matter of cturse, the police take very good oare not to injure or run tho risk of losing them, even when the vigilant dfeoharge of their public duties might require them to do so. When private interest strongly opposes itself to public duty, the latter will go incon tinently to the wall, and when it does so, it is the system, and not the individuals concerned, that should chiefly be blamed. No trooper will willingly risk the value of u good horse in the performance of a duty he considers useless and unnecessary, and thus many duties will doubtless be shirked, whioh in the interests of the public ought not to be negleoted. An instance of this kind occurring in this district, daring the recent Hoods, has been related to us upon reliable authority within the last few days. For certain public reasons it was desirable that a mounted policeman should be sent across a flooded river. There was no danger in crofting, for the passage had been safely effected by numbers of people with their horses immediately before, but the policeman refused to cross, and the reason he assigned for so doing throws such a suggestive light upon the value of the Government scheme of retrenchment in his department that we may as well give publloity to his woids— ' Do you think,' said he, 'that I am going to risk my horse in that current P' This same man K we understand, as plucky a fellow as any in the force, and in anything but a question of pecuniary loss in the discharge of public duty, would stick at nothing in the shape of per sonal danger. In the ranks of tho police force there are dpuuUesB many hundreds lite him, DEATH FROM CHOKING.—On Wednesday last says a Wagga journal), an old man named Patrick Kennedy met with his death at Mr Morris's station, near Junee, from choking. The deceased was of about eighty years of age, and nearly blind, and while in the act of eating, a piece of meat stuck in his throat, and before it was well-known what was the matter with him, and before any assistance could be rendered to him, he expired from choking. EXPLOSION OF FIREWORKS.— The Goulburn Berali of ytsterday relates ihateome of the gentlemen lodging at lire. Steer's brairding -house, on Tuesday, determine! to celebrate her Majesty's birthday by a discharge of firnworkB in the evening. Accordingly they collected about £3 lOs. worth, which they placed in the Bitting-room together with two flasks of gunpowder. They had discharged only a very few «f tho fireworks, and were standing just: out of doors, when suddenly the whole of the fireworks and the two tliuks of powder exploded. Fortunately the donr of the room and the front -door of the house were open or the force of the explnp'ou would probably have injured the building, The fliunes with put out with buckots of water carried by the lodgers, aB»i»ie4 by two gentlemen who happened to be near and viic saw the sudden blaze. The furniture in the room is considerably damaged. No farther harm has been done. A li'tle girl about five years old, daughter of the Rev. W. Curnnw, Btates that she saw the teaoVpapsr of one of the rockets burning and tried to blow it out, but failing to do so, ran away. Her escape is, therefore, most providontinl. The explosion occurred about 7 o'clock. ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE.— A report was brought to Tain worth on 17th instant (says the Examiner) that on the previous day Mr. William Smith, the carpenter, who had for a length of time been in the. employment of Itr, Charles Urace, builder and contractor, of this town, had cut his throat at Uralla, while in a state of unsound mind. It seems that the unhappy man had, on leaving Tamworth, ebtained the contract for the erection of the new Roman Catholic cathedral at Armidale, and was obtaining some of the material foi the building at a quarry near Uralla, He had visited the place, and although lately among tem perate men, be broke through hiB resolution, and took to drinking. This so preyed upon his mind that he was led to make An attempt on his life by cutting his throat with, a razor. When the circumstance became known, medical assistance was at once procured, but It was at first reported that all efforts would prove unavailing. We are glad to learn, however, that hopes are now entertained of his ulti mate recovery. HOW TO SWIM A HORSE ACROSS A STREAM.— The following bints, particularly useful at the present time, as to the lianner in which a horse Bhonld be taken through, a stream, are given by the Darling correspondent of the Pas toral Times :— It is astonishing how foolhardy most men are in venturing into deep water on horseback. Many a man has been years in the colony without having had occasion to attempt swimming a horse ; but hearing it spoken of as a trifling matter, he fancies it comes as naturally for a horse to swim with a man on his back, as to walk or gallop. On the contrary, not above two or three horses in ahnndred can carry a man safely over a river or stream of any width, and very few men have the nerve, coolness, and presence of mind, to leave a horse alone and let him swim. A horse, with a man's weight upon his back, naturally sinks very deep in the water, and many horses, before they attempt swim ming, keep feeling fur bottom with their hind legs. Unless a man is accustomed to swimming a horse, he gets ner vous, begins pulling at the reins, and then it is all up with him. The hone gets, frightened, straggles, rolls over on his side, or comes tight over backwards, and probably gives his rider a kick that puts an end to all his chanoes of getting ashore. In my opinion, no man should go into deep water of any width who cannot swim, and a swimmer should take off his clothes, put them in front of his saddle, unbuckle his reins, and then he is ready for any contin gency. The neglect of this latter precaution generally drowns the horse, as his foot gets caught in the bridle, I have, however, keen many a man who could not swim Ret safely across a river by driving his horse in and catching hold of his tail. THE ALBURY POLICE SEARCH OF POWER THE BUSHRANGER.— The Border Post, of 18th instant, relates that on Saturday evening considerable interest was mani fested in town on it becoming known that a person, supposed to be Power, was in custody. The arrest took place under the following circumstances :— Senior constable Anderson, ' from information received,' accompanied by Sargeant Lenthall and the gentleman, whose name«hall be mention lets, whe superintends the retreat on the hill, proceeded to the Bridge Inn. The former was dressed in private clothes, and provided of course with arms to meet the emergency of the case. On arriving at the hotel, our senior constable entered the room with his confrere from the hill retreat ; and were very Boon engrossed in the excitement of card playing with two other persons, one of whom was supposed to be the notorious highwayman Power. Our indefatigable sergeant haying laid his plans most minutely, in the meantime remained as outside guard, pre pared, on a given signal, to rash in, like a man, and make secure the coveted prize; but lo and behold! the interest created in the game at forty-five causes the delay to become too tedious, and being 'eager for the fray,' our noble sergeant entered the room, and with. very little hesitation placed a pair of ' bracelets ' upsn the wrists of the mnob. aetoniehed stranger, who was. immediately searched, and sixty rounds of cartridge, thirty bullete, bullet mould, and revolver were found upon him. The individual, whose name, we understand, is Mansfield, was then conducted to the lock-up, and the report circulated that Power had been captured by the Albury police. Mansfield was brought up at the Police Court, and remanded for a week, bail being allowed in £20. TEANSTERS' DIFFICULTIES ON THE ROAD.—On Mon day afternoon (says the Yass Courier) a loaded dray, after its owner bad surmounted the almost insuperable difficulty of getting it across the Tass Biver at the ford lately con structed at the Government expense, a little belew the site of the old bridge, got almost irretrievably bogged at the summit of the hill, near the junction of the ma'n road. Not fewer than thirty-two bullecks were yoked to the dray, and it was only after outting away the earth with spades that its driver was enabled to get it on to the road. On Friday evening, at the same place, fourteen horseB were attached to a dray, and it required several hours laboDr by butb driver and horses to extricate the team, 