INTERCOLONIAL CONFERENCE. The following important official information has been handed to the S. M. Herald for pub lication : — The public of New South Wales, us well as of all the Australasian colonies, will regard with deep interest the various projects brought under the consideration of the Con ference : — ' It will be in tho recollection of our readers that, some time since, it was pro posed that a Conference of the representatives of the various Australasian colonies should be held in Sydney about November last. The original purpose of the Conference was to devise means for inducing the United States to permit the admission, duly free, of wool, tho produce of tho Australasian colonies. From that question naturally sprung considerations of the disability under which tho colonies labour in respect 10 their want of power to enter into commercial treaties amongst them selves or with other countries. Other ques tions were also set down for discussion, amongst the most prominent of which may be mentioned those 1 elating to ocean mail services, telegraphic communication, tho in vestment of Knglish trust moneys iu colonial securities, aud the apprehension of offenders. Subsequent to the conference being fixed, a change of Government took place at Victoria, and the arrangements made did not suit the convenience of tho incoming Ministry. Moan while, the Hon. J. Vogul, the Colonial Trea surer of New Sealand, and Dr. Knight, the Auditor-General of New Zealand, with which colony the proposal for u conference originated, came to Australia on the understanding that the Conference was to be held. Much as Victoria's absence was to be regretted, it was still thought that beneficial arrangements might be made in which that powerful colony could subsequently join. For some time past the representatives of New Zealand have been in consultation with the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, and, subsequently, the Premier of Queensland became a party to the negotiations. Wo are glad to learn that a series of resolutions has been agreed to relating to mail service, totelographiccommunicationwith Europe on tho one Aide and Now Zealand on the other ; to the acquisition of power to enter into commercial conventions with foreign nations, and between the colonies themselves ; to the question of procuring admission, duty five, of wool produc&l; in these colonies to the United States ; to the investment of English trust moneys iu colonial securities ; and. to tho apprehension of offenders who escape from colony to colony. The resolutions aro subject to the approval of the Cabinets of tho several colonies, and on such ratification they will bo made public previous to their submission to tho approval of tho several Legislatures ; as also they will bo communicated to tho other colonies, with the request that they will subscribe to them. Since the resolutions have been agreed to by tho representatives of the three colonies, we understand tho Cabinet of this colony, as a whole, has approved of them.' Tho Ptofiscmf Greek News Bays :— ' A queer story is told by a writer, whose character for integrity and veracity is well attoatod. Be has been for some time residing in New Zealand, and says :- I saved a claim here at tho Thames through a spirit communication. It had been neglected, and was liable to be ?' jumped,' when I was told by spirit-writing that six men were coming at nine o'clock the noxt morning on to tho claim to 'jump' the ground, with other particulars . of their progriunmo. I was there with the men I got, just in the njck of time to save the claim, The ' jumpers' camo exactjy at the time I was told they would do, and they saw at onoo that thoy woro completely check mated, and looked sheepishly disappointed, and as white as ghosts, when thoy saw wo wore too much and too strong to be bounced by thorn. You soo by this that I am a spiritist.' At tho Medical Society mooting, on Thursday evening last, Dr. Thomas read papers on two cases where he hud remoyed diseased bones which had re-formed, 