THE FENIAN MOVEMENT IN AMERICA. (.Standard, Dec. 25th.) The Fenian movement in America has been somewhat under a cloud lately. Since the collapse of the last "Canadian raid" a kind of paralysis has come over the brotherhood. Action of some sort is an imperative necessity for a conspriacy which is simply a speculation on the credulity of the American Irish. If they are to continue pouring their dollars into the Fenian treasury they will expect some tangible results for their money. The expulsion of the Saxon does not seem to be any the nearer for mass meetings in New York or street processions in Cork. Yet the resolute attitude of the Washington Executive, when the last invasion project was on foot, and the overwhelming military strength at the disposal of the authorities at Dublin, equally forbid any serious movement either against Canada or in the island itself. It would hardly be a matter for surprise if, under discouraging circumstances like these, the patriotic ardour which prompts Irish servant girls to fling their wages into the Fenian exchequer were to grow cold, and the pickings of its executive to be seriously diminished in consequence. Even the dupes of Stephens and Mahony require some occasional stimulus in the form of a projected expedition or a sham rising to show that the movement is still going on, and thus keep them np to the mark. In the impossibility of satisfying these legitimate expectations, the Head Centre, known ag "Colonel" Savage, has published a manifesto, with the view of putting a good face on the matter. He has nothing to tell his gullible contributones of raids in Canada or insurrectionary movements in Ireland, and he does not care to boast of such achievements as the occasional shooting of policemen, or mid' night attacks on private houses, seizures of arms, the mutilation of unarmed gentlemen, and similar feats which have characterised the Fenian warfare. He prefers to expatiate on the splendid moraliresnlts of the movement. It has not effected the overthrow of British domination, bnt the Head Centre exultingly claims that it has produced the diais« tablishment of the Irish Church, " his hammered the wedge between Church and State in England ; and compelled the Defender of the Faith to forswear her Coronation Oath." No doubt much remains to be done before the grand object of the brotherhood, the establishment of Ireland as an independent, self-governing nation, is achieved, bnt it is a striking proof of its enormons power and influence that it should have made the Legislature and tbe Government, and even the Sovereign herself, the' instruments of its will. Surely Biddy and Paddy will not spare their hard earnings when it is a question of providing steam power for the machinery which works out such splendid results. It might have been expected that the Fenian leader would have a good word to say for the Minister who has so. faithfully served the interests of the cause. If the Irish Church was pulled down in deference to the will of the brotherhood, at least Mr Gladstone may demand c/2dit tor having forced the Legislature into compliance. It would seem, however, that any claim he may have established upon the gratitude of the conspirators is more than counterbalanced by the offence of bis refusal to release the prisoners. " Colonel" Savage is very severe upon the Prime Minister upon this score. After reminding his clients that O'Donovan Rossa and his companions are subjected to a "system of treatment which the romancist of the horrible, in his direst necessity, would scarcely ascribe to the most barbarous age or conntry in history." he passes on to the pretext alleged by Mr Gladstone for rejecting" the prayer of the people." "It is known to the Government," the right hon. gentleman said, "that the Fenian conspiracy is not extinct." The Head Centre is properly idignant at the idea of Mr Gladstone speaking in this havt en has fashion of the gigantic and all compelling movement which had just forced the Imperial Legislature to do its bidding. He of all men in the world had good reason to know that Fenianism was not merely not extinct, but an active power, of enonrous strength and vitality. " He made it," Colonel Savage protests, " his opportunity for promotion, his stepping- stone to power, an.l he knew that since he has weilded the prerogatives of his great office nothing has been done to ameliorate the conditions of affairs which made, and still makes, tbe existence of Fenianism a necessity: He knew then that Fenianism was not extinct. He knows now that it is not likely to be extinct." No one likes while alive to be" written off "as dead, and one can understand the indignation of the Head Centre at a form uf statement which assumes that Fenianism is in such a drooping condition that its existence is secret to all save the official world: But it may be p'eaded on behalf of Mr. Gladstone that whereas it was once his cue to magnify the conspiracy to the utmost, it is now bis policy to minimise it as much as possible. Last session he depicted it as a roaring lion, which nothing short of disestablishment could appease. It would be more convenient for him now that it should appear harmless and effete. It would be pleasant to be able to show that the policy of conciliation has been successful 1, and that the message of peace has done its work. The necessity which compels the dispatch of reinforcements of troops and flying columns to scour the country, involves, no doubt, a painful confession of defeat. But we can readily understand that the Fenians did not choose to consider their mission at an end when Mr Gladstone no longer required them to play "bogey" for the terrorisalion of the English Parliament. He could not seriously expect that they would be satisfied with the valueless and uusought boon of disestablishment. To adopt the graceful symbolism of the Head Centre, it would be unjust to the Premier's intelligence to believe that he believes it possible, even with the aid of John Bright, to bandage the eyes of Fenianism witb the old lawn sleeves of the Irish Church, or crush its gaint form into the diminutive coffiin of disestablish*- ment." It would. no doubt, suit Mr. Gladstone's book that Fenianism, having served his purpose thus far, should now give up the ghost, but we have here the assurance of its arch- prizst that he and his col - leagues have not the slightest intention of obliging the right honourable gentleman. On the contrary, the friends of the cause, whose patriotic liberality is once more invoked to fill tbe coffers which Mr Stephens emptied so rapidly, are given to understand that the original programme of the conspiracy is not to be diminished by a single iota. Disestablishment is all very well in its nay, and the disestablishment of tbe landlords will be another step ia the right direction. But after all "the grievance of grievances," the alien rule of I'ngland, will still remain—and Colonel S*vaae promises that there shall be no peace for Great Britain until ev ty Euirlish soidier is withdrawn and Ireland is left io thelri-h. It is comforting to have the assurance that the brotherhood incline to moral rather than physical force to bring about this change. We gather thus much from the dignified rebuke addressed to *• misguided men," who instead of pursuing the work of Fenian propagandism, have lent themselves to " wild adventures and emphemeral distractions." Other people besides impulsive conpiratots may profit by the beautiful moral teaching f Mr Savage's dictum, " respectcannot be won without giviviDg an example of self-respect ; nor can we hope to influence the intellect nnless we check the awakening passions which annihilate reason." The meaning of this appears to be that henceforth Fenianism is to pnsb its ends rather by armed force than by seditious teaching. It has been discovered apparently that the rebels have not the ghost of a chance in the open. England, with the lifting of a finger, is more than a match for all the levies that treason can muster, "but she cannot encounter the permanent disaffection and ever-imminent insurrection of the Irish people, maintained as it can and shall be by their brethren on this continent." Here," adds Mr Savage," we are safe from England's power to labour and conspire, and here, therefore, we establish the permanent focus of tbe patriotic movement from which the Irish revolution will be incessantly propagated wherever Irish hearts are beating." We are unimpressionable enough to interpret this manifesto as a confession that the Fenian movement in America is' 'played out," and that this is a last experiment upon the credulity of its dupes. At the outset they were promised a real invasion and real battles, and they gave their money freely. All the return they have ha.l for it has been the ridiculous fiasco on the Canadian frontier aud the midnight promenade on the mountains of Tallaght, together witb an occasional assassination or burglaiy—we beg their pardan—they have destroyed the Protestant Establishment in Ireland. 