CHAPTER XVIII.-A LETTER CONCERNING MISS MARLTN. Mark Shadwell know that Sir BokeWycherly had a sly taste for sátiro, and he had no fancy ¿to figuro more amusingly than he could help in tho pleasant stories he was sure to toll of his visit to Baby. With therefore as much activity as a proud man might, and with some grumbling and some sneering, ho pushed on preparations for the reception of this kinsman, whom, as wo know, ho neither loved iu his heart nor spared in his talk. Tho evening after his moonlit walk a letter reached him from Sh- Boke. It terminated suspense as to tho reality of his intentions, by fixing a day for his arrival. Ho had begun to think that something had happened to chango Sir lloke's xdans. Ho had been better pleased that his pride would allow him to confess to any ono, that thero was a chance of escaping this visit altogether, and had thc letter boon one to tell him that on a cortain day an execution would bo in his house, it could hardly havo left, for somo minutes af tor ¡its perusal, a moro disagreeable impression. " That mad follow, Carmel, has made mo as nervous as a sick old woman with his croaking. That comos of living in a solitude, with no one but rabbits and women and madmen to talk to. What tho devil can it signify whether Boke Wycherly comos or no? Ho's nota ghost, oran evil spirit, or ovon a conjuror ; a common place fellow, with nothing in him but money and sel fishness*. Well, ho says he'll como-and so ho will, and ho'll go-and there's an end." And thus framing IIÍH mental protest against tho auguries of Carmel Sherlock, ho rose from Ids chair, and thrust Sir lloke's letter into his pocket, with con tempt in his countenance, and au odd misgiving at hisr heart. There was among thc letters on this occasion a French one, addressed in a little round hand, and with very florid capitals, to "Madame Stadwell," \vhioIi Mark took tho liberty, -without hesitation, of opening. It was from the prinoipal of the Frenoh school, and concerned Miss Marlyn. "Myseorotary, by Jove ! Let us seo." And thus saying, with an altered countenance, he drew near tho window and read. _ Ho now recollected that Ms wife's application to the mistress of tho boarding- sohooh for information respect ing tho young lady's qualifications, had been only pro visionally answered by a sort of deputy, who had spoken in the highest terms of hor. Mark soanned this supple mental letter with a keen curiosity. Tho principal of the establishment had been absent for some time, it seemed in consequence of ill-health at Vichy. She apologized for tho long delay, and pro ceeded to answer Madame Shadwell's inquiries, one-by ono. It Struck lüm that this letter was much colder, and more guarded, than that which had como from Madame de la Perriero's representative. "With respect to intel ligence and accomplishments, indeed, it spoko of her muoh in tho same strain ; but with regard to those moral qualities about which inquiry had been made, there was a kind of reserve that rather piqued than alarmed his curiosity. Madame do la Perrière had nothing to censuro in the morals of Mademoiselle Agnes Marlyn, and, though sho was still a very young per son, sho trusted that in her now situation she would bo steady, and approve herself worthy of confidence. As to whethor Mademoiselle Agnes Marlyn was likely to grow weary of her present position in consequence of its solitude, she did not feel herself competent to pro nounce. But for a person BO young as mademoiselle, she thought a seoluded place much moro desirable than one of a different stamp, and would certainly advise no visiting or other relaxation to the rules of her residence in Madame Shndwell's house. And she thought that madame would find that the accustomed quietude of her daily life would conduce to tho young lady's effi ciency in her situation. He read these passages several times over. He could detect nothing positivo in them. Their tono, how ever, persuaded him, that Miss Agnes had required a stiff rein whilo under Madame do la Porriere's authority. " But thon she says she has nothing to censuro. The pretty rogue has been just wild enough to cause uneasi ness, and there she was pulled up. I'll go into the school-room and talk to her a bit." So resolved Mr. Shadwell, and entering that room, found Miss Marlyn alone at her desk. The young lady rose as he entered, and laid down her pen. "Dear mo! what a reverential courtesy!" said he laughing. "What has become of Kachel?" "Mrs. Shadwell sent for her. Shall I call her ?" said tho young lady, with another little reverence, and moving toward the door. "Onno account," ho replied. "I don't requiroto look at that great girl to bo reminded how old I am, and I am not so often favoured with a tetc-a-tctc, that I should wish to cut it short in a moment. Sir Koko Wycherly's coming. We are quito sure of him at last. He'll bo here on Monday. That's my first bit of nows ; and tho next is-I fear you were rather a wild little woman at school, for I've got a letter in my pocket that tells all sorts of fibs. It comes from Madame de la Perrière. I'll only tell you, it's by no means so good as the note wo had, eight weeks ago, from Mademoiselle du Ohatelet. I'm telling you tho truth, upon my honour ; and I'll leave you till to-morrow to guess what's m it." '* As he spoke mademoiselle blushod, and for a few sccondBher colour grow more and more intense, and then suddenly it waned. She became BO pale that Mr. Shadwell half repented his jocular experiment. Ho could not tell whether she waa nervous only, or angry, or very much frightened. Her eyes were fixed on his with a gaze that looked almost hag gard. " Come, you pretty little scapo-grace, you must tell fme honestly the entire history of your school adventures. Mind, I am your confessor-toll the whole truth, and upon my honour I'll givo you absolution." She dropped her oyes, and looked much moro like Tinrsnlf. . "I may havo enemies, sir-it is possible ; but my conduct bas been always irreproachable. If thero be malice, I defy it's, worst. Madame de laPerrioro can testify of my conduct if she will. It is terrible to have to assert of ono's self those things which are taken for granted of all ladies. I am a child of calamity-an orphan-in soma measure, always at tho mercy of my employers j but powerless and unhappy as I am, I have yet some rights, and one of them is, that of hearing distinctly whatever may have been urged by another to my prejudice. Only toll me what it is, and I pledge my lifo I refute it. Have I not, sir, a right to hear my accusation ?" "Why, see whero you're running to, you little madcap ! Who on earth talked of accusation ? I assure you there is nothing of tho kind," said Shad well. "You did, sir," replied tho young lady, in a clear and rather bitter tone. " If you did not use tho word accusation, you conveyed it. You said that falsehoods had been written of me." " Did I ? By Jove ! I believo I did ; but you might have guessed by my manner that I %vas not serious." " I did not guess, sh'," said tho young lady. " By Jovo ! she's awfully offended," thought Mark Shadwell, who had oxpoctod quito different relations to arise on this little conference. Miss Agnes Marlyn held the higher ground, and he was actually apolo gizing. "Well, I'll toll you exactly tho truth, and you'll soe how mere a nothing it really ÍB, and you mustn't bo vexed with me, though it was very stupid jesting as I did. I had a letter from Madame de la Porrioro, as I said, and I fancied it a little cold-that's all. I do assure you thoro is not a single story or complaint in the entire rigmarolo ; but there is what I said- it's cold, and for that reason I shan't mention it to a human being but yourself, and I'm sure you'll not be vexed with me for telling you?"' I Thero was a little silence here. " I know you wouldn't-I jknew it." Ho touched tho back of her slender hand BB he spoke; it was almost a caress. " Thero now, she's a reasonable child. She's not going to be ono of my troubles." He raised her hand and pressed it for a momont. " Wo aro good friends again, aren't wo?" he said ina low tone. "You aro very good to mc, Mr. Shadwell," she said, after a little pause ; " but I've just been think ing that I had bettor rosign my situation herc, and go elsewhere. May I say so to Mrs. Shad well?" " Why, what on earth can you mean ? Go away ? By Jove ! wouldn't that measure bo rather sharp and short ?" said Mr. Shadwell, rather aghast. " I am sure 3'ou did not mean to insult mo, Mr. Shadwell ; but it seems to mo that your confidence in mo has been shaken by that lettor of Madaino dc la Perrière," said Miss Marlyn. " I know well what pain it will cost IUOJLQ leave Baby ; bufe suffering is not now to mc," The young lady spoke with a decision that alarmed j Mark Shadwoll. " You'd hardly use ino so ill as tliat," remonstrated ho. " If I conveyed anything liko what you say, I'm very sorry, and do believe me, I never intondedit. You mu8ttiy mo a little longer. It was vory thought less of mo to montion tho lettor. I remomher when I . used to caro about what pcoplo said : I don't now. I've felt nervous myself when I thought stories were told of mo-I mean lies, of course." " Every ono has cnemios-very few havo friends," said tho young lady. " I lost my mothor very young ; when I lost my father I was fourteen years old. " Miss Agnes Marlyn was spooking as it were in n melancholy dream, and you would nob havo supposed that she M'as consoiousof another person's presence " Madame de la' Perrière found horsolf in charge of an unfriended orphan. I havo laboured to requite her kindness. I havo muoh moro than repaid her. It is not her fault sho cannot help it-that she eau attach herself to none but pooplo of rank or fortune. I have neither-of nniii.nn ali« """"I,,. ""T J!,. "C-tl " But I told you, tliñt lotter is our littlo scorot, yours « and minc-not a sold oise shall ever hear of it ; and I give you my honour I never for almoment attached tho , slightest importance to it. And I beg your pardon for ? having named it to you." Miss Marlyn looked at him for a moment with eyes . very grateful and humble, and said- . "You are too good to mo, Mr. Shadwell." "Don't say that, now; make trial of me first, and then pronounce whether I wish to sorvo you," ho answered, in a low tone, and accompanied his words with that fierce and handsome smile which showed his small white teeth. Then ho left tho room, and Miss Marlyn looked for a moment sternly on tho oak door thi-ough which ho had passed, listening, and quickly shut and looked up the desk at whioh she had been writing. Thon standing with hoc finger to her lip, she listened for a whilo, and having thought a little, sho hurriedly re-opened her desk and tore up tho lettor sho had only an hour [ago elaborately written, and with a match set firo to tho fragmonts on tho hob, and saw tho last spark out. Notwithstanding tho confidenco sho always professed in her Baby friends, this young lady's ways, I think, were cautious and sccrot. 