REV. A. CAMERON. Last night this gentleman began his stated ministry at Chalmers Church, and preached hiB introductory sermon. Tho rev. geatlt* man ohoso for hia text tho 12th verse of tho 14th chapter of John—' Verily, verily, I say unto you, ho that belioveth in me, the worka that I do ahall ho do also, and greater worka shall ho do, becanse I go unto my Father. In the oourBO oi ma remarKs ivir. Cameron said : — One is tempted to ask what works could bo greater than thoBe already wrought by Christ himself. He raised the dead, cleansed lepers, restored tho deaf and dumb, cast out devils, &c;, and all this Ho did in hia own name and by hia own power. Various explanations havo been attempted of this text. Somo have supposed that the miracles wrought by the apoatlea had a tendency to act more strongly on tho mind of the people, but thia cannot bo tho true reason, as their miraclea were in no way moro striking than thoao of their Master. Nor did they work a larger number of miracles than Christ, but rather in all probability leas. Tho true meaning ia made plain by the last clause of tho text, 'Because I go unto my Father.' Christ saye, I will pray the Father and He will send you another com fortor, even tho spirit'of truth : Ho shall bring all things to your remombranco. In the former times tho spirit had not, indeed, beon absent from tho church, but His influence hadbeonasthedeworgentlorain,,whoreasaow it was to bo poured out as a stream. Tho reason that the spirit had not yet been poured out was that Christ waa not glorified. Christ waB now about to lea vo them and to ascend to hia Father in order that ho might claim tho reward of his suffering, namely, tho salvation of souls. The miracles cf Christ wero wrought on the bodies of men, and tho apostle3 woro to bo endued with power that should enable them to work miracles in tho conversion of souls ; theso were the greater works that they wero to do. This may bo understood by considering what was eBteemed by our Saviour a great work, and this was not the hoaling of uodieB but tho salvation of bouIs. Tho bouI iB tho real man in the highest aenso. Tho numbers converted at tho preaching of tho apostles were much greater than those convortcd by tho personal preaching of Christ, although Ho spoke as novor man Hpako. At His death tho number of be lievers waa email, probably not greater than an ordinary congregation of tho present day. How great was tho change when tho disciploa wont forth preaching in tho powor of tho Holy Ghost witness tho 3000 converted on the day of Pentecost. And this went on until in somo thirty years churches were established in all parts of tho known world. Tho greatest work in Christ's view was tho salvation of soula. 'Ye aro my witness,' says He. A second thing to mark is that theso works may bo wrought ab tho inatance of all believers. Tho power is not confined to tho Apostlo nor yet to tho ministry of the Churoh, but is in tho reach of all believers. Where there is faith thoro is powor in every aenso. We seo then that if the Gospel is to accomplish its great ends it must do so by the ministry of tho Bpirifc. In his concluding remarks Mr. Cameron sp ike as follows : — I must aay a few worda rjgardiugtKe' present occasion. You havo cilledmSfand I have accepted your call to servo Christ in tho ministry among yon. You havo a right to expect that I shall servo him both in tha pulpit and from house ts house. I doubt not that you will remember me in your prayors at the throne of grace — that I may be able fully to dis charge the duties of my ministry — that I may prove a faithful aud wiso steward. But it ia well also that I should also remind you that the groat heresy of Protestant Christendom is that we leavo the duty of preaching the Gospel to tho ministry. God blosses an ordinance, though of Hia own ap pointment, only in ao far as it is kept in its legitimate place. Everyone who becomes a disciple of Christ ia bound to do all ho can for the spread of tho Gospel. Thia duty cannot be delegated to any one, and there foro I call npon each member oE thia church to aid me in my work. 