HERR BANDMANN'S HAMLET AND MRS. BANDMANN'S OPHELIA. The steadiness of the attendance indicates that Herr Bandmann is at least holding bis ground in'the estimation of the Adelaide public. On Monday night he had a great opportunity of improving it, ana u ne coma oe sposen on mcu vidually it might be said that he had done so. But Hamlet himself cannot make the play any more than we could have the play without Hamlet. Yesterday he and Ophelia had to trust very much to themselves, and sometimes they were not allowed even to do that quietly. Mere lapses of memory or failures to catch a cue would have been pardonable in a first represen tation, but the positive muddling which the text received from Horatio and one or two others throw the more legitimate innovations into the shade. Herr Bandmann's painful consciousness of defects over which he could have no control at the time expressed itself afterwards in a few words of deprecation. These were very graciously received by tho audience, and the forbearance solicited ought, wo presume, to be remembered by the critics as well as by those who are responsible for their opinions only to themselves. While not professing to pronounce on this Hamlet as a whole, we may take note of its great and, in some respects, important pecu liarities. Whether these be due to Herr Band mann's original genius, or to the elaborations of the Gorman stage, they constitute for English Shaksperians a historical phase of the great tragedy. The mechanical effects produced in the ghost and the closet scenes are Germanic in their working out of weird notions. In the ghostly business Herr Bandmann brings his favourite limelight extensively into play. With a view to an appropriate exit, the Ghost delivers his speech from the interior of a bastion, the door of which may be supposed either to be prosaically glazed or to be supernaturally transparent. After the delivery of his paternal message, he is seen descending to his fiery fast. The next scenic innovation was the reinstatement of the King's praying desk, at which Hamlet finds him kneeling, and impulsively draws his sword to kill the now detected fratricide. On second thoughts he turns aside the blade, and solilo quizes that such a death would not suffice for his vengeance. The King is spared till he can be caught ' About some act That has no relish of salvation in't.' The Queen's closet showed by far the greatest departure from English sta-?e arrangements. It was fitted up partly as an oratory, there being an alcove behind, with an altar, where Polonius conceals himself; and partly as a picture gallery, the pictures being intended to illustrate the comparison of the two Kings. In ordinary versions small medallions are made to suffice for a dramatic stimulus to the Queen's memory, but here their Majesties are put on in life size, and the vigour of Hamlet's apostrophe to them is proportionately enhanced. One of the portraits is afterwards utilized spectrally, for the Ghost is made to enter the chamber through it. Yesterday there was some dis crepancy between the apostrophol'and the appearance, for the Ghost entered through the picture which Hamlet had referred to as his uncle. This situation has been represented as the climax of Herr Bandmann's Hamlet, and it well might be, where the changes are effected instantaneously and the accessories are adequate. On Monday it pleased Polonius to perpetrate a very clumsy 'die' behind the arras, his fall and its apparent cause having a very remote connection. The Queen was not of the kind for susceptibility to either Hamlet's reproaches or to the mysterious presence which ostensibly pervaded the chamber. By the ordinary arrangement she is bound to see the Ghost whether she will or not, but yesterday she left that question altogether doubtful. The scene can only be spoken of from the intention which it suggested rather than realized. It may have splendid capabilities of illustration but this time they have unfor tunately tot been of much use to Herr Band mann. We cannot hope to approach the impression which the same scene, when properly mounted, had in Melbourne, but much more will be made of it yet than was done yesterday. Herr Bandraann is also an innovator with respect to readings, but most of these hinge upon the new situations that have been described. A few, however, stand out by them selves without any aid from scenery. The best and most distinctive was in the interview with Ophelia, which conveyed even more meaning than has yet been expressed by any of the Shaksperian renovators. It increased the proportion of seriousness and diminished the cruel mockery in Hamlet's advice to Ophelia. 'Get thee to a nunnery' was reiterated with a series of distinct significations which rose from an apparent jeer to a solemn adjuration. The coarseness bordering on brutality with which it was first said was seen to have served its puipose in convincing Ophelia of her lover's madness. After her exclamation, 'Heavenly powers rostoro him !' he calmed im perceptibly, and without relinquishing the wild expression of his face he threw passionate glances of warning at the distracted lady. The ' To a nunnery go,' which he repeated several times during his exit, was really his farewell entreaty to her. Hamlet had resolved to com mend her to that refuge before the tragedy of his life overtook him. He soriously meant that she should go and not think of tho advice merely as a lunatic's raving. Mis. Bandmann gave an individuality to Ophelia which has usually been lacking in tho versions presented to Adelaide audiences. She presented, as she has done in other instances, the vigorous side of the character, but without at all overstepping the licence of the text. She redeemed Polonius's daughter from the reproach of being a mere silly tool in the hands of a doating father, and endowed her with strong emotions and a paesion of her own. In her parting tite-cL-tete with Hamlet there was much of the woman— softened and subdued, partly by love, partly by dread of her strange wayward lover — but yet speaking for herself, and in a half -deprecatory fashion rebuking his suspicions and asserting her own honesty. In the mad scene there were wanting many of the ashen face marks and tricks of manner which in a less skilful artiste would have taken the place of judicious acting; but there were all the proofs of a mind unhinged. The face, as compared with the fresh and youthful look imparted to it in the earlier acts, was wan and sorrowful, although at times lit up with the strange fantasies of imagination. There was more of method, and therefore a nearer approach to the reality of madness, than is ?commonly brought into play. What was .wanting in the strength of the appear to the sympathies of the observer was more than com pensated for by the fidelity to nature. It was not the hysterical dementia of the coquette, but the hopeless, sorrowful, derangement of the bereaved daughter and ill-treated lover. The incoherent snatches of song were sung in a sweet voice, and there was no applause during the evening more hearty than that which wo old fain have brought her back to take another farewell of her brother. , Most of the other characters are really below the reach of criticism. The most' that can be said is that they evidently felt as( uncomfortable, for themselves as their auditors' felt for. -them. The King was Mr. Andrews; the Queen, Mrs. Stoneham ; Laertes, Mr. Stoneham; Horatio, Mr. Humphries, who was a decided success in the company of twojor three of his colleagues ; Osric, Miss Carey, who put more character into the part than it is generally favoured with. The Ghost had not the deep sonorous monotone usually assigned to disembodied spirits of mature age and of the male sex, but gave his addresses with something like elocutionary effect. ; At the close of the performance HerrBaad manc. who had after nearly; every act been callea before the curtain, briefly explained that there were great difficulties in presenting a play like Hamlet, with new ideas and new effecty for the first time, however suitable might be the stage appointments and complete the general arrangements. Any defects that might have been observed' would no doubt be cured 'upon repetition. The explanation was well received. 