ODD NOTES. . Br A BoiiEarrAif. WALSH evidently forgot himself on Wednesday, in moving the second reading of the Civil Service Deduction Bill. He must have thought he was on the other side of the House when he declared that " there were very few vices in which the Civil servants did not participate Ministers of the Crown don't speak so plain as that respecting the employés in their departments, and Walsh discovered his error after King had called attention to it, and Palmer had had a private conversation with him on the subject, no then said " he had the greatest regard for the Civil servants, and thought that as a body they would contrast favorably with any other class of the community." I fancied I could detect a slight tinge of irony in the tone in which this latter sentence was uttered, and there was a smile mantling over the face of the Secretary for Works as he uttered it-but he did not laugh outright. No, he kept his countenance very well indeed. I wonder how the Civil servants in the Ministers' gallery liked it There was a lot of them there at the time. Geo. Thorn used to be a small Civil servant under Macalister, and I understand that he was a very humble and obedient servant. This may account for the firm stand he now takes against his late confreres. "As a body, the Civil servants in this colony are undoubtedly OF honest, industrious, courteous, and altogether as estimable as bunkers' clerks or any other section of the aristocracy of this great colony and that is saying a great deal, mind you. But the most striking point brought out in the debate was that Ministers and everybody else in the House acknowledged that there were " individuals in the service who possessed none of these qualities-only possessed their opposites in fact-and yet there was no means of getting rid of them. The only Civil servants who could be got rid of were those who had fewest political friends, and as a rule these were the worst paid and most efficient officers in the service. This was brought out very clearly, and I was glad it was so, because its on record hair, and it proves several things. It shows the great advantage of colony commencing with representative self-government, and all the requisites for becoming an independent nation, without those checks and trammels which would otherwise hamper its progress. Supposing we had commenced as a Crown colony, do you think that in eleven years we could have reached the pitch of greatness to which we have now attained ? Here we have a public debt of four or five millions-a Civil Service universally admitted to be far too big for the colony, but so beautifully organised and packed with " The Barnacles" that it cannot be reduced. Besides all this, we have a number of other luxuries only attainable by communities possessing constitutional self- government. The mother country was several hundred years before it attained to so respectable a position-only think of that ! That " Gold-fieldsHomcstoad Bill" of King's is a most iniquitous measure, and the persistence with which the Opposition, in committee, last night, insisted upon its worst features being retained, shows how strong a prejudice they have against squatters the only producing interest worthy of the name in the colony-as Mr. may very justly observed. I was truly sorry for Holy while that bill was going through committee. It was cruel of Stephens, Miles, Atkin, and others to poke him up so. After all that Haly has said about his yearning desire to see the country settled by a large and thriving population with steam ploughs and irrigation every where except on squatters' runs, it ought to be taken for granted that he is about the best friend the agriculturists have in the House. De Satge is very anxious to encourage agricultural settlement, but he is young and inexperienced Haly knows what the country is, and he is also down to all the tricks by which pretended friends of the cultivator endeavour to entrap him into settling on land which would be the ruin of him. He detected the principle of " free selection before survey " in King's bill when nobody else did. He very properly insisted on having the term " gold-field " properly defined in the bill, but could not get sufficient support to carry his point. He has a lively recollection of the drought of twenty-five years ago a calamity which might befall us again at any time and in the interests of humanity he spurns the idea of entering con- fiding cultivators to their ruin. No, agriculture is a capital thing, but that drought twenty-five years ago clearly proves that it cannot be entered upon with the slightest prospect of success, until steam-plough and irrigation come in. Luke Haly. He is logical. He has a warm heart. His gorge rises at the thought of tempting men to their ruin and therefore he wanted to prevent mobs of diggers from fossick- ing about on the gold-fields, which would only yield half wages, and completing their min by attempting to cultivate a few acres of land during the slack times. As he very truly ob- served-a hundred diggers with their wives and families settling dawn on a man's run in this fashion would about ruin him and what would become of the colony then? But the tyrannical Opposition would not listen to him 2 and unless he can got the bill stopped in the Council, it will become law, a dozen or more squatters will be ruined, some thousands of diggers, their wives and families, will be ruined by attempting to cultivate land without steam-plough and irriga- tion, and in fact there is no knowing where the ruin will stop. Poor Johnny Bramston ! Boat at last. Just what I expected. That ride to the Mitchell was ominous. You will now have to wait until the Re-distribution of Electorates Bill passes before you have a ghost of a chance for the Lower House, In the meantime McDevitt will slip in as Ats toriicy-Uonernl, and you will be snuffed out for years to come. It is hard very hard j but it cannot be helped. If the Elections Qualifications Committee could not come to the conclusion that Hardy was a Roman Catholic priest after getting married and attending the Church of England for a number of yours why it just showed their ignorauco-that's and I find I was wrong about that seizure of the still at the back of Queen- street. The Inipoo tors of Distilleries had nothing whatever to do with it. There is no mont whatever due to them in the matter. They know that the owner find It license, so they took no further notice. No, it was an energetic officer of the Customs who made the seizure. This gentleman first distinguished himself before on several occasions, but never to such effect as on the occasion referred to. I was not present, but I am informed that he smashed the windows with the greatest boldness, unshipped the still, tasted the liquor, and then when he found the license, he smashed all the tasting glasses. Zeal like this ought to be rewarded. 