[REMINISCENCES' OF, A ZOUAVE. \ [FKOM THE .COSNHILL JUAGAZINE.] ; , (Concluded fyomotifictsL);' ; ,-???? r:.'IV. . ?? ,-.:,;':? '::): '.'..'? 'I. Would you believe that when,' ?some six weeks; after this, I applied again for ^leave; the Adjutant took naeiiindly by jthe arm and. drew me' aside, into a corner, where in. a mysterious voice, and without further preparationj'j hf'said : 'Look, here, Sergeant Brosse.: I don't mind telling you — IOr jOU. Id lllauo ui jjuuu ouuu auu ituu u uictu-' I we're soon going ,tq. have; a war.'- .Had the Ad jutant suddenly firod a'pistol at my turban. w;th .out cause or warning, I ] 'could hot have given a more tremendous start. ? 'War 1' i. echoed, hoarsely. 'Yes, war,' ho rejoined. 'I knew, you would be pleased ; but, hush ! not. a. word to anybody : the thing's a secret and none of us are supposed to ichow it.' '. 'Axl6l who are wo going., to fight?' 'Hush! I needn't tell you that. You're a Fronchman, Brosse/andin yourj)atriotic heart must feel the wound at Waterloo ranlde at every, hour. of tho day. Stuff, man, it's no use , denying ; I've seen you at work and know you're one of tlie right sort. , Well, you'll soon have a war'io yoiit heart's content : none of your trashy battles against Arabs or Reds, but a good slap- up -. tussle, with plenty of cracks on thc- head and promotion ! to , follow.'? , '.' Thon we are going to faght. the. English,', I .observed .with calm des peration. ,;*,f,That's it, to fight the English. You: understand, — the Emperor must show these caper-cutting Parisians^ that there's some of the old blood in mm; If hexloesn't fall foul of some body they'll think he's :cast in the same mould 'as that poor old . ? Louis;Philippe, who gave us almost eighteen, years of peace, and that would never do; the people would soon be snapping: their fingers in his face. No,' Brosse, he must wipe off the old score of: Waterloo, and you and I'll help him to do it. ; You caii.havc three days' 'leave, if you like ; but we can't give you more,1 for the. recruits '11 be cpming.up soon, and you'll have to drill 'm with all your might and main.' ' And this is the Empireof Peace,' I remarked, witli a- ghastly ;griri. ?' ' Yes;' replied tho Ad jutant, grinning too, j ' we,; shall have peace— arteri/iie ,w,a.r.,-; ..; r- . ? - ? ... ... ;?..?.?,.-. Had I been less;' absorbed than I- was with ideas of universal harmony, I might have noticed long 'before; that ever since H. I. M. tho Friend of Peace had held the reins of power, the' -of- fensive, forces of the, counji'ry .liad been slowly in creasing. '' 'As President' he ha,d added to th« war contingent every year ; . as Emperor, he had in augurated this reign by bravely calling for-twenty ? ^thousand more men ? than usual. There were siens. too, not discernible to the civilian mind. butwhich, as a1 soldier^ ought to have struck '.me.-, ' AU the magazines and; store-hbusra were being replenished ; our rifio's were being examined, /tested, and often exchanged for better ones ; new accoutrements were not stinted; the cavalry Ttr«i-«*4 '? .Vtain rt' 1 vflTirirtiiTi-f tin on n t*MWrt*iVf*c?n^ '? '?*'? -lnntrA : was difficult' 'to obtain. These toke'ns are 'so maiiy ' '.hieroglyphics which : signify, , hostilities^ ; However the war did not come so quickly as the Adjutant- had seemed; to -think. One: month passed, 'then a second, thentwo or three more, ; and yet there appeared no symptoms of a quarrel' with Great'Britaini Qn the contrary,' the, talk was' only/ about our brave allies, and. the symT pathique'M. de Palmerstbn, and M. lo Comte d' Aberdeen, who loved us well) and about the new1 journey from Paris to London in twelve hours, .price 110 francs first- class. When I called the Adj utant's attention to these ;' unpvo mising symptoms, he replied that it , was all . .'.bunkum.' ' We're doing it to throw dust into, ''their eyes,' said he. ' Perfidious Albion will 'guess nothing until we are down upon, her,' But 1 even the Adjutant was soon bound to own that his perspicacity had been at fault. France and England, for a while hand in 'hand, were sopn looted arm in arm.1 The;time honored pictures of . ?ridiculous Highlanders vanished like magic from theprint-shppwindows: th'q comic actors who were great at 'playing Englishmen wero significantly recommended to throw less.local color than usual into their exercises ; journalism1 received a hint' not to'ppke fun at_the British. A new foe wis lnnmiTifT on +,Vin liorizon in tlin Hha.T)R of t.lin'f!j!n.r. of All the Muscovies, Vliom Gaul would net have ! cared to tackle without Albion. : . . . ' ' SHall we fight or shall we not 1 The question oscillated on the trays of the balance for a doubt ful time, until at last the ayes had it— war was. :declaredl Then'it was as though France had ibeen', abruptly roused , from a forty years' lftf.lin.rrrv ' A fftrnninnfl +T»rill nlint. flirnncrli fliA land. In evefy:village;where.there lingered aiiving wreck' of that mighty army that marched to de feat and death in the Russian snows of ,1812 ; in every hamlpt where. the middle-aged men.remern beredthe' Cossack1 invasion of 181-1, tliera was a crusade preached such as never Peter the Hermit rivalled. \ Young men sang the M^rseilla.ise; and- .fllow to- ,be enrolled ; old men looked, up and talked' of being revenged ,; you'ng girls would smile upon nbne but'sbldiers, andaccounteel them. poltroons who stayed behind ; mothers sat down and;' with - a'sighof patience, made lint — for ? mothers will' never have a heart for war, say ambition and; glory what they will., . And there was all this ex-' cjtement, all this fury, all, this1 indescribable de-: lirium, all'these defiant shouts bf men in public/ all theso tears of women in secret, for the sake of killing a few : Russians. It. is curious that men should hate each other so cordially from living on opposite sides of abbuhdary' line. ? As for myself, I\was..oi:'courao seized by tho war contagion like the others. You don't remain long in a lazaret without, catching some of tho fever from tho rest. , -.Waa'i't that I had ceased to sigh for peace and.1 to think of Blanchetto ? Oh no, but I was beginning to porcoivo the truth of what our Adjutant had said. : ' We can't expect tho Emperor to -. let himself rass for a cravcu soul,' I reasoned : ff first' lot him provo that he is not afraid of war,.^and /then wo shall have peace, oxer, .after.; for the other nations. will bo. wary - of; .molesting -him. ' -It ? was1 a ??variaf tion on M. de Guimauve's text, ? Si vis paceni'j parab'cllum. ? It is truel was a little put at sea as to our reasons for assailing tlis Russians ; biit this was a, point of no importance. It's , a soldier's duty to obey orders,/ not to ask ques tions.'. ;..-.'.-: I--,., ?!'!,„ y .. . . - ?-.-.. .-. -! ? \- , I am sorry to say, though/ that Hailed in the .endeavor to instil these views into'Fourmiceau, ?who revealed a soul' altogether unpatriotic at the news that he' was about to start ,f pr .tho Euxiae. In vain .did I point put to him that wb.were.going to avenge the treatment that his grandfather had suffered, and consolidate the throne of the Sultan iof Turkey. He made use of disrespectfnl ex pressions towards his grandfather audv wished the Sultan of Turkoy '. in,, .a city some latitudes, south ,,of.','.Constan'tinpplo...- . .There was no bringing . him to' his. senses. Ho snivelled and whimpered -in the mostdiRinal way. ' You promised mepcaco, Sorgcaut, and I wroto '? ?to llosp'tp wait for mo: I shall nevor bp able to do that again.'. 'Courage,, Fourmiceau,' I ox ; claimed ; 'think of , tho promotion and the Crosses of Honor, man.' ' Yea, there aro plenty of Crosses of Honor,' groaned Fourmieeau ; 'but there's only ono RospTviignon^ Rose is more to me than a million crosses.' , , -^ ' What was I tp say ? My own heart was not of the lightest. I had thought of running- down just for a day and taking a parting look of Blan chetto, but on second1 consideration I deemed it was bettor -to keep away.' Would it have been kind to renew, our friendship, when the first news sho might U-jar of ino aflw. was that' some Russian had sent me to sleep for good and all. 'in ' the Crimean snow ? Arid yet, it. seemed to 'me', that I should- at least' like to thank MJ, de Guimauve for what ho had done for Blanchette ; , I might not. have' another ? occasion; and you .knpwone goes' less ;chcerfully to face death when there' are deb.ts ; of gratitude unpaid. 'However,- : ^opportunity was given me. ' ' ., ' : -I have, said there , were vast subscriptions or . .ganised' fof.the war.-. Theywere of allsorts;' soijie for the;expenses of the war itself, some lor the relief of the wounded, others for .the distri: UUU1UU UL-UlCdUUiD KjULULVJ. UO tU UJUU UJ.Ut.lJJCi.' , 11) SU ' happened that on one of tlie committees of this last form of ^subscription our Deputy officiated. r.and^ on; the morning of our., departure from Paris he came with a bevy of gentlemen in kid gloves and ladies' with ' tricolor rosettes to hand glasses .of , cognac, (in .France ;, nothing is dono without cognac, : no .cognac,,, no onthusiam), Bologna sausages, packets .of cigars, arid mugs'of Burgundy outof aflno spring cart' covered with flags. Iri the midst of the ex citement occasioned, by his appearance, I pushed' my way. up to him, arid with: emotion said,, ' Monsieur ,le Conjfc.e, I wish to thank you for your generous protection, of a girl whose name I: had mentioned to you-; it is noble of you to be friend ' the child of a poor man, as you. havo done.' '; .' ' :','?- ,'.'': ' x, . /.' He did not recognise me at-first, for my Zouave r dress altered me ; but- when- he had scanned my features, and heard' me'1 pronounce tho name of Blanchette; it struck nic 'that ho turned extra ordinarily red. ' Monsieur le Cpmte, I too am but a poor man,' I added ;,' but in some daj's I mav \\\t\ n rlnnri iviaW onfl.fi. fljriTin' moTi'u l-»lnacrinrt never did any liarmv I - hope you will allow ruo ??- to shake hands with you.' At -this I observed ' his redness change abruptlj', arid heibecamo pale. I set it down' 'to natural result of feeling. ' He : gave me; his hand, .which was cold and shook somewhat, 1-ut his eyes did not face mine. ' You're a brave fe]low,''he stammered. ' ?}'?' I — I— ^hope'-Tiothingwill happen to you out there.' ? He was evidently in a hurry to change,/ the sub-' j cct, for he turned ? rbtfn d towards an pfficcr iii ' hussar uniform, who had conic with him,- and., said : 'This 13 my son — ahem- — who is going outv there too; 'Raoul, hero is one of our fellow vi I- ? lagers; I trust if you- have an opportunity of ' doing him a good turn you will not fail'.' '; M. .le Vicomte answered my- salute quietly,. , arid cordially shook hands with mo, when I ejacu- ; lated ?;?'! pray, inon Liduteriant, I may have an1' ? opportunity of proving that gratitude ;',is not a vain word. If you ; are ever in. danger, ..niay-'I.'.' bs nexb'to you to'ward:,it off.' Not. knowing:; what had passed between his father and mo, I; fancy: he imagined the Count had been, giving; me a hundred-fraic note ; but as ^0 Frenchmen ' n'rp. in t.Tifi'lih'hit, of nftfiriti' -to die for one atutiiar on slight iacitation, my mode of tendering thanks would not appear to him particularly exaggerated. To close- the, interview; : the Count : handed nio-a brimming glass of wine, and I drained it -to -the health of Blanchette. ?,; . ' ' .?'???'????' '?'?' One of the beauties of war is tha, it prepares ; men , for a good many of the civic virtues; by.,1 making them splendidly indifferent toVthe. sight of; slaughter. I suspect this has, not al ittle to do ? -with'.: the little account we Frenchmen take of such'' episodes as those' which inaugurated his' Majesty's most happy reign. How, indeed, get /up miich sympathy for, a few radicals swept into the .'gutter, when you have strode wi h utrblorich irig eye, and your meerschaum pipe between your lips,- over a field strewn-as- thickly with dead- as - a wood with fallen twigs after, ahurricaue ? Thus publicibrder; is the gainor,: and rulers who, in. other countries less fortunate .than ours, might hesitate to employ ball-cartridge to keep them selves in office, need never; have such , pusillani mous fears in Franco. If dead fall in our streets wp have a morgue to receive them. ... I missed none of the Crimean campaign, reach ing the seat of war amongst the first, and leaving : it.amongst the last. I thought, at starting, the whole affair would take six months ; and during ^the'long siege of Sevastopol; being confident every day that wo should take the. town ,'pn the morrow, I wrote but seldom home, preferring,, when the, time came, to carry all my.news.in person. , Sol. did not hear much^o'f Blanchotte ; in fact, I did not hear about her' at all ; for the' .letters that; came 10 mo irom wioom people au jiomo wuio. all about me, as mothers' and fathers' letters are, arid there was, nothing said of Blanchette. Per haps you. will wonderwhy I did not ask them to break .this science, but we soldiers are super stitious, and like Taetter to trust to the saw that no news is good news. : On bivouac nights, though, when those . perishing Russian winds whistled keen/and drove sleep away, more, than once'did I think'. of the; patient -little, hands that were stitching in France, perhaps at the very moment ? I was musing on them. Blanchette, Blanchette, you lit up many a dark sV.y for me on bitter winter nights : 'and on that day when wo' lit the' bonfires - in 'the 'camp; at the news 'that peace was declared, why did I color like a school boy at the thought that there1 was nothing more ! ;nowi could, stand between us two, since I. was no ?longer a poor peasant,- 'but a- Captainj 'and a1 -Knight of the Legion of Iloiior ? . ;' ... ; For I must tell you I rose; to. a captaincy pycr tho: bodies of my. fallen comrades. Promotion marches quicldy in war time, especially in the Zouaves. .- We were generally in the thick of the' nguung, wnasever 10 wus, ;inci our oniueiis lan u,v the half -dozen. The epaulet of sub-lieutenant camo at Alma.; that of lieutenant at the, Tchernaia,; the captaincy arrived, by-and-by, in /a. kind of forlorn hope affair, in which I oughtto have been blown into bits ; but somehow escaped. As for tho cross; it was pinned to my coat after a small skirmish, -one of twenty others iri which men by the Hcor'e- who did move than I, passed unnoticed. '/This is the fato of. war.. I had tlie luck to see lying on the ground an of nccr 01 iiussarsyw.no Jiaci just been dismounted, arid as .the Vicomto do Champ-Guimauvc was pretty often hv my thoughts, I rushed forward to pick this officer up. Snro enough, it proved to be the Vicomte. . I hoisted him on my shoul-; dorp; and returned with -him/. .to our linos, walk ing backwards, so as to guarantee him,- to tlib' best of my ability, from our friends the Russians in front. When at last I deposited 'him safely on the ground. I found fivo hundred of oiir men had stopped firing to clap their, hands, and half a dozen hussar officers carried me off to tho General of the division (M. de Fracasse, our old Colonel),' who threw his arms round my neck and gaye me his own'cro?s. It scemed_ to me that this was a great deal of fuss for nothing, for I 'had not got a scratch, and I was moro'than re compensed, already, from having saved M. de Champ-Guimauye's life. ? ? ? ', One eveniDg in May -'56, I was rolling along a very dusty road in/a very shaky fly, on the box of which, Fourmieeau, who bad left an arm iri the Crimea, and who had becomo 'my servant, was gesticulating with tho ono. hand that re mained to- him., Never very expert at controlling his sentiments, Fourroiccau was on this occasion .jjivinjj full career to his sensibility, and bedew ing his honest checks with an emotion rather contagious. For.tho fact is wo were on our way to our village, which I had not seen einco fivo years, and Fourmieeau since four, and Four mieeau ucgan 10 gcsiicuiato ao me precise mo ment when wo camo in sight of tho first wellro mcriibered cottage, around and opposite which the whole village wero gathered to' receive us. It seoms wo were heroes^ for my old, father and mo ther sobbed as if their hearts would break when I got out of' tho fly, and neither of them found .strength to do anything but cling to mo. Poor father ! His' two brave old hands shook liko iii ague whoa thoy felt my cross and epaulots ; they had never so played with baubles for sixty years. But mother was not loPking at my epaulets i ' Why are ^you carrying a crutch, my boy ; you never wrote to us that you' were wounded?,— - ''Bah, mother, it's nothing,, it doesn't prevent me from walking. ''..'? But-^ but, child, you can scarcely stand— you're crippled— they've been manning you, ; those Russians have.' You see I'm selfish — I'm speaking only about myself ; but there was just the same scene with Fourmieeau. , 1 Great glories of war, you leave fine handmarks upon/our villages. After, father and mother our old, fellow-villagers came clustering up around us —that is such of them as were living ; for where was sturdy Jacques who guided his plough so straight, and Aritbine, who sung so roundly at the village wakeSj'and Louis, who was our village champion at bowls ?. There is the mother of Jacques, with her face pinched awry from weeping, there the father of Antoine, pressing up to ask us whether his boy has a grave to himself in the cemetery at Balaclava ; and in yonder cottage lately lived the parents of Louis, but it is empty now. When the old people received the black- bordered envelope ib broke their hearts, and they're both dead ! ; But why linger on such episodes ? a day of ro turn should be a day of joy. Some mus.t die that others may conquer ; and if Jacquo3, Antoine, and Louis have lost their lives, surely it is for ineir country s- -at least, tor tno iimperors — sake, and no patriotic parent could wish them a better fate. 1 turn from the faces nearest me, riios.fc of which I own are careworn, for it appoars tho ,', taxes have been heavy; this year ; and, as there were not hands enough to plough tho fields, there, is likely to be no harvest next August,— I t.nrn frnm f.lincn fnrtaa o-nri 1/s^lr nynnnfl w»n fn* nlA vwaja, AAwm uu\\.^\rf j.u^m u/uu. xuuiv (AlUUilll lltxj XU1 UlU Jean Poireau ; then,: in a low voice, I ask for Blknchette. A feeling creeps over me that she must be somewhere in the crowd — hiding to seo whether I .would inquire for her, and prepared to come forward with her sweet eyes smiling, tear ful, yet ready to gaze into mino with the same capdid look of bygone days. - I look around, and there is no Blanchette^ But, perhaps, she is still away at Mauveville, in the place M. le Corato procured her,, and her old father has.gone to live \vith.ker? 'Isn't that it, mother ; Blanchette is still at Mauveville ?' ' Oh, my boy !' answers mother; : ..f. Is it of Blanchetto you're speaking? Why, Blanchette has become a great lady.' 'A great lady, : mother ?' 'Yes; M. lo Comte found'1 her a place at Mauveville, but she's been gone from there theso two years. Somebody else gop her-i a place in Paris, and now she's very '.rich, and 'has her carriage, and wears golden bracelets.' ' 'Then she's.married 1' ' 1 don't ?lcrinwl'fihilfi _? 'liprVin.-na bVir -rrinv lio T5nt T Vionr she'sa great actress at one of tho Paris theatres, arid earns showers of money.' . , /.Just; then Fourmieeau pulls my sleeve, look ing very woebegone and pale. ' I knew it would, be so. Captain. Eoao Mignon's gone. ? She's loft 'tho village for Paris, and nobody has any news ofiheri' ' And these are not the only two,' re -marks, our poor old Cure, with a sigh ; ' for the .'conscription stakes the village girls as well as the 'village lads.' ??:..-. ?.?'.-.- ;.-;,.. . ... . V- ... -;. Blanchotte an actress— Blanchette ride in her ?carriage ! And yet why not? We soldiers aro 'no Puritans that we should think a woman' lost because she performs on the boards of a:theatr«. We respect art, arid is not the stage one bf the highest branches of art ? Is it, not a noble pro fession, and one which many of the -purest .and best of women have exercised?; Why shouldn't ? my, Blanchette bo an actress !' / ..'?? . Tthought for a while I was going to be a cripple for life— my wound being a shell one, tiresome and long to heal. But I en,ded by pulling through arid when, after- six months' nursing, I was Paris' with the intention of going to all the theatres one of ter another, and looking for Blan chette.' I ought to mention, by- the -by, that I had ceased to be particularly enthusiastic in tho cause of- disarmament. At the end of the Rus sian ? campaign I had ? been drafted into the Zouaves or the Guard with a pay of 6000 francs, and some of my views on military matters were much modified. I was beginning to understand that aigreat nation should not be niggardly with ; regard to its troops ; and though far from decry ing. tho advantages of peace, yet I deemed it in cumbent .upon 'every one to admit that war had its compensations. This is one of the most satisfac tory results of having an immense standing army raised by forced conscription. The opinions of one half the men are at total variance with those of iho other half, which prevents monotony. Those; who have, been dragged away from their fields, and remain privates on two sous a day, de test the service, groan for reductions, and are in favor of consent peace. On the contrary, those who, in war, havo won epaulets — which they would never have acquired by planting turnips and ploughing corn land, have the strongest ob So.Lc'aino, to, Paris. I had ascertained from our. Mayor that Blanchette was not married. It is impossiblo to get married in France without the fact being known in one's village by the pub lication of batms, and there had been no banns ^published for Blanche tte. I concluded, she had been befriended by some great artist who had seen signs of talent in nor; perhaps by some manager, who,- in passing through Mauveville, had been struck by her beauty. I had read of iuch things in books. It is true, that at the time [ knew her, Blanchette could-, do little more than just lead and write, but there was nothing to pro vent her having perfected her education after my departure She might havo had opportunities of study at Mauveville Anyhow sho had succeeded in obtaining an engagement, and I was pcrs'iadcd that all actresses wero required to be well edu cated. I. had looked in. vain for the name of Blan chotte Poireau in all the newspapers and play bills, but that did not alarm me. Without quite understanding the practice, I' was aware that French a'utrcsses seldom played under their real names, and thero was nobody in our villago who could enlighten me as to Blanchette 'spsoudonym. I began my tour of inspection by tho Theatre FranQais, where I- 'went five nights running to see different pieces ; after that I'tried the Odeon, thentho Gymnase, then the Vaudeville— resorts of High-class comedy. After that I explored the Gaito, Ambigu-Comique, and Porte Samt Martin —homes of melodrama and tragedy; and ono night I . went to tho Palais Royal, feeling verj nervous tho whole evening, for I should not have liked to find Blanchette there. It occurred to me that perhaps the villagers had made a mistake, arid that Blanchette was a singer, not an actress. Her voice had always seemed sweet enough to me for any opera-house in-the' world. I put on a dress-coat and white gloves, and went night after night to the Grand Opera, the Opera Oomiqu^, and, tho Lyriqne..' My brother officers at mess said, 'Brosso has gone music mad,' and our Colonol, hearing that I spent my evenings at the play, remarked that tho whole of my pay would soon bo swallowed up. He wroto to a brother of his who was connected with tho Ministry of Fine Arte, and I received a packot of play-orders enough to carry me over a twelvemonth. Tho Government is extremely civil towards us officers of the Guard. Wo were in March '57, and the Paris winter season was aimosu over, x jiuu auun . mi mu suc cesses' of the year until I was sick of them. Tho Fiammana of M. Mario Uchaitl, at the Frau (jais haunted mo like a night-onare. Jfathias I'lnvalidc, of the Varieties,- stalked aftor mo liko a ghost. Les Marrons Olaces, of tho Palais Royal, Imd given me an indigestion ; and the tunes pf tho Heine. Topaze, at, tho Lyriquo, bussed in ; in jr h-$d and made, solitude hideous. A good many of tho principal actresses were leaving Paris to go starring in tho provinces. All ?, inquiries on my part had failed to elicit\any in formation as to Blanchette's whereabouts, and I . felt almost disposed to give up my chaso until next year, when, one day, our Colonel gave out that an Exalted Personago was going to the Theatre des Fantaisies Gauloises that evening, and that I was to be on duty. When certain Exalted Personages in our coun- ;. try go to the play, it is usual, in. view of possible eventualities, to' accommodate a score or so o£- . soldiers with places in the gallery, a dozen detec- ; tives with seats in the pit, and five or six military officers with stalls. The officers arc in plain clothes, but no objection is made if they havo a . , fancy to take a revolver in their pockets. Ac cordingly, towards seven I made my appearance at the theatre, with an offensive weapon in tho ?-. tails of my coat, but a demeanor and costume otherwise peaceable. With me went Fourmieeau. He was still my servant, and had a few days be fore expressed a desire to go to the theatre. _ I thought this a good opportunity of gratifying him, so he went into the pit. '. The Theatre des Fantaisies Gauloises is one of those devoted to a stylo of piece that came into fashion at about the samo time as the establish ment of tho second empire. Tho burlesques and ' extravaganzas performed there would, in nine cases out of ten, provoke adverse manifestations on the part of the audience in countries entitled respectable. But wo Frenchmen aro exempt from prejudice, we don't go in for respectability, which, of late years, we have held to be an in sufforably slow virtue, unworthy of an intelligent people. On. the evening 01 my visit tne piaypin , announced, La Femmedc mon Voisin — a choice Itvcr de rideau, in one act ; and Le Roi Can* daule, a musical burlesque in three acts. This last was the piece do resistance. It was a ? delightful composition, much in favor at that time with the golden youth of our capital, and the manager was making roaring receipts with it ; thanks, no doubt, to two or three ladies who, attired in no more raiment than was necessary, played with abundant spirit in the principal parts. For myself, having no great taste for Eieces of tho Roi C'andaiUc type, I had never een to the Fantaisies Gauloises before ; and, finding that the Exalted Personage was not likely to arrive in his stage box till eight, I sat down in. the crush- room with a brother officer to take coffee and chat. . A general election was soon about to take placo and the papers contained hardly any but elec toral news. We discussed the chances of the op- . position, who, it seemed, were gathering all their strength to make n. desperate effort in the con-' test. My brother Zouave was of opinion that an ideal Parliament was one such as we possessed at tliau moment, inod a smgie memuei 01 me vjj posilion ; no publication of debates allowed ; all the laws voted in strict privacy by t\vo hundred deputies, elected rather by the exertions of ninety prefects than by that of ten million electors. — 'With such a Parliariient,' said he, 'and a senate to match, everything goes on swimmingly for us. No talk of reductions, no diminution of pay, and we get all Hie best places under Go vernment.' He lit a cigarette, and added : ' I£ ' any of these Opposition howlers get in there'll bo a change of tune, you'll see. Tho halcyon days of tho military will be over. Egad ! I don't like those liberals : they produce the eame effect upon me as stoats do. A lot of canting prigs, what do they mean by sa-ying that the second empire is a reign of immorality 1 I don't find tho second, empire immoral, do you, Brosse ?' At that moment a waiter came and said, 'I believe ho has arrived, sir.' He was the Exalted Personage. I paid for the coffee, and my com rade and I hurried intP our places. The E. P. had just taken his seat, and had got his double barrelled glass already turned towards the stage. In the stalls there was something like -a flutter 01 excitement amongst tno spectators, wno do- . longed to the Jockey Club or the Club of the Ruo Royale, and who were on tho lookout for the '?star' of the piece — a Mademoiselle Pompon nine, a debutante of not more than twelve months standing, and whose peculiar talent, as I -under- . stood, lay in lifting hor foot to a surprising height in our national dance. Mademoiselle Pompon- ; nine was expected to appear in a moment or two; and indeed I had not been in my stall two mi nutes when an enthusiastic clapping of white-, gloved hands by my immediate neighbors an« , nounced that sho was coming. Yes, there she camo, and -without more ado caught up the tune the fiddlers were playing, and launched into melody. But why did I— I^Arifi- tide Brosse, bound as if shot at the same instant — why did I grip hold of the two arns of my stall, and stare before me like a fool ? Why did -.: two great drops of perspiration stream down my stupid face ? Why did my comrade look at me and say: 'Hallo, Brosse, are you ill ; .you're ?miiifn net rt silipof. Tnnn 2' Whv in t.linf. Mnrmf ing, dazzling, spangled girl on the stage, who had not ten ounces of clothing \ipon her, whoso arms and shoulders were covered with violet powder, whoso face was rouged, whose lips were smiling brazenly at the public, and whoso sweet— unut- teiably sweet — voice was trolling a song that m ado me, an old soldier, blush up to the roots of my hair ! — I recognised— but I needn't tell you whom. I have never pronounced tho name since. , I loft the E.P. to take care of himself, started up and rushed out. I meant to go straight home, but in the lobby I was stopped by Fourmicean, who had left the pit and was striding up and down, flourishing his one arm menacingly, and, muttering interjections that appeared to dumb found tho waiters. On seeing me he rushed for ward arid stammered — 'Ah, you saw her, didn't you, Uaptauu 'Yes, Fourmieeau; but don't let's talk about it. Never speak to me on tho subject again.' . But ho paid no attention to my words ; he con tinued to wave his arm. ' Why, who are you talking about, Fourmieeau 2' He seized me by' the cuff and dragged me to a box-door, through the bull's-eye of which wo could eco another privato box opposite. It was ocenpiod by two cavaliers with waxed moustaches, and by a lady who was dressed like a rainbow, and was staring about her with a self-possession altogether remarkable. ' That's Rose Mignon,' hissed he. ' Will you tell me now to cry Vive la Conscription and Vive la Guerre? Wliat havo tho conscription and the war done for me 1 This' (and he touched his stump of an arm), 'and ' that,'— and he pointed fiercely to Rose Mignon. 'Hush, Fourmieeau,' I said.. 'Not so loud. There's a detective from the Rue de Jerusalem listening. ' 