DEATH OF MR. RICHARD TATTERSALL. Baciiig men of all ranks -will regret to hear that Mr. Bichard TattersaU died May 3, at his refiidence, BeauE6rt-Gardeiu-, Broapton. H« ?had been ailing for a, long time, bat it was not until about two months since that .any serious misgivings-were entertained, by bis friends. Mr. Siqh&rd; Tatteraall (who was the senior partner of the Albert-gate firm, and: great grandson of 'Old Tat,' the founder of the world-renowned concern), had, says the Sporting. Life, taken the most i prominent share of the public fenai neBSof thefirm for some time before his fabler's death, in the summer of '58. Toe old man had been failing for a few years, and forgot even c[uifc9 -familiar .faces when lie jnetitfaem in- the yard at Hyd^-park-cx-rner. ? Bis so« , was, like him, . jvery -. much ' of the old school in Ids -ways— not so demonstrative and salient in the sale: pulpit, but endowed with a certain grim quiet humor, which had not a spice ' of ill-nature in it. You never .saw him thrown off his guard. His neat .chaff and re torts when things were going well Jit the year ling sales at .Hampton Court and tolflewhere were very pleasant to Jiear, but when hsxlrbpped on toMsoldxchoolfellowand intimate friendj Mr: H. Hill-who -srasalwaysTeady:with.iiisaiuswer), about TrampeterorAck worth, it was as good asa scene .out of ' Box. and Gox.' He enjoyed a race in his own way not a little, though he did notcare ia-rmthorses, and lie was always to be seen in the betting-rooms at races in the evening, but jiot^lallying aiuoh wife the odds. The way in which' he incited Mr. Merry to make rhymes about, httKDerbj chance the night he gave 900#jine4afo^ the yearling Zambezi was a very amusing'Doncaster Eooms tit. At home he seldom missed a quiet game of billiards of an afternoon, and the sea-side, Paris, and Baden Badea saw a good ideal of bim^oiing ihe sum mer. He -hegan early as yicjs to hjs father's annual' Derby, dinner .«n the Monday icfore that race, and when -the old man retired he -Sanied on the. custom as long as lie felt his tasajth equal to it. Theie was nopleasanter b,oj9t, and when a, public dinner, with Admiral feous' in ihe chair, was ipyey'tp^him'ajid iia. cousin Edmund on their removal to Albert ?Gate no part of his speech /Was (more enjoyed than his allusion, to the old lease of -*' tixe Gomer' as of ' hundred years, 'bar one.'' in 1851 he first 'showed symptoms . of /breaking down, and- A*d Borne fits dorii-g a Continen tal tour. -His father started off to bring him home, and for some' anonths he was a. complete invalid, and was wheeled about la .a Bath chair up and down .. Sloane-street, looking^ the mere ghost of himself, He rallied, Tiowevcr, in a woaderful 'way, but still bis fafher could never persuade himself that his son would not outlive h-m. His he&Uhfcegan; to break again about 18B6, and his frjen^s sally feared that, as' the late Professor Wilson mournfully said of himself, lie 'would. -die from the top.' He suddenly lost confidence when he got apfo! sell, and liked to have his* cousin dose - at band. They hardly thought that -he would ' h&'re got through his Doncaster work? in 1666, the first year that a sale-field :was ?used, but he 'warmed up with, the occasion, and presided in his good -old style at one of the two rings which the firm was obliged to adopt i;hat autumn. - We believe that he never sold a lot after that week,, but he would still drive his phaeton down to Hampton Court pr Middle-park, enjoy the bid'- dings from that, more comfortable coign of van fcage, and have a chat with a troop of old frieads. During the summer of laatyearhe took a trip to Scotland, and tiiought ie caught a chill, and since then, with the exception of for one or two carriage drives, he had not left the house. The ultimate cause of his death was Blight's disease. He was in his 57th year, and leaves a widow, but no children.' Mr. Eichard Tattersall having about three yean ago retired from active participation in the business, Mr. Bdmund TattersaU toot Mr. T. Pain into partrienihipvand these gentlemen will carry on the firm.— Times. 