r ' ;'THE SEBASTOPOL HOUNDS. TO THE EDITOTI OF TH'R LEADER.; , Sik,--Let me give you an account, of a. real hunt ; not after ;a dead red herring, for .such a . cotatnodity . Tis unknown , to Mr. llowland's. pack,' but; after a real kangaroo, &n;,& as every true'sportsman would wish to have a good run on . record; it -would be a pity that such a one as we' enjoyed on Friday laat with the above paok aTimil/I 'Ua lmrin'rl in hlilivinn '? hrirl Rn -with vmir ; permission' I will endeavor to give you au account of thebest run wo had this season.; ; The meet was at the Orown-Hptel, Buninypng, and at nine o'clock sharp the master (Mr. Ilowlauds) . unken nelled his pack .of' beauties (which, I may say en ' passant, appeared in first-class .. condition and as good 'uns to go, they are all fox hounds, most of them being imported.from Leicestershire by the worthy master)/ and wendedhis way to'the hunt ing ground lying to the south of MoAint Bunin yong. v Going along the' road I noticed some of ther^ old cracks,' who were regular followers in years gone by,. Vut are. often missed this year. There was Mr. Rowlands (the master); on his fa vorite hunter. Slap Bang, a sure and steady one to go; Mr. Hedrickon Paddy, Mr. Porter, on a. chesnut: Mr. H. Piniioha young thoroughbred mare called Barbarian : Mr. SeTlick, juiir., on IP opsy ; Mr. Praeter on Nancy Grey ; Mr. Porter, iuur., on Milky White ; Mr. Anderson on Jump ing Jack ; Mr. Innes on1 Nelly Grey ; and young Mr. Aspinali on a mount of Mr. Finn's, besides about a dozen others whom I did not know.' The day was all that could be desired by any. hunts man ; the calmness of the day, coupled with dampness ' of ? the ground after the late rains, proclaimed the fact that we :, would have our work 'before us. Having arrived at the toll- gate on the Clarendon road we turned to the right, making straight for Hardie's Hill; through some very thickly timbered country. This was continued for about four miles when the master pulled up to uncouple tho hounds, ; giving time ' thereby to tho others to tighten girths, broach flasks, and chaff about the hunt on last Friday week, all of Avhich was particularly aimed at those who were not well, up at the death on that \- day. It is now half-past ten o'clock, and the master mounting his steed is a sign for others to follow suit. I am hardly seated in my saddle when ' Hark to Hanger' frbiU the master acts like a talisman, for scarcely wore the words uttered wlieu away goes the pack in full -cry after an old man kangaroo making for a patch oi thick scrubby country ; this was fortunate-,, as it gave him a bottor start than he had at the commence ment, and if such a. place was not near ho wnnlfl in tho course of a few minutes have fallen a prey to his1 merciless pursuers. A quarter of an hour is wasted going through tho scrub, wherb; sovoralof our cracks aro completely nonplussed, among whom I noticed the rider of Barbarian having a ; very narrow escape on accouutoflns mare beiug too frisky. I had. not time to notice any othord, and away wo aro now going at racing speed towards Mount Doran ; this continues for about half an hour, when thejhoumls siiddonly turn to the left and aro making straight for. Cor duroy.' Tho' dividing fence on tho common is crossed by tho mastor, and tho lioxt gcntloman smashes the top rail, making au easy en trail co for the others. Several brush fences are now~ negotiatedvby all who are up, but the field is now a chosen one, there' being only eight ? gentlemen to; take tho. fence at the corner of Mr. Scott's paddock. All 'manage to get over with the ex ceptiph of Mr. Porter, who comes down very heavily and falls, hors do combat. The scent is.. lying beautifully and the hounds are doing their Work' well.; We pass within a mile of the toll gate, and to all appearance the kangaroo is lead lhg us into cultivation, but we are mistaken; for crossing tho ranges above Mr; Hastie's grazing paddock, he turns down the range and is making for King's Gully, which is gone through in a very short time, the only gentlemen now up being the master, with Messrs. Hedrick, Selfick, and Anderson, and three miles farther on they- kill, after a splendid run of not less than twenty-five miles; Not a singledog was missed, and a large sheet might have: covered^them all.from the com mencoment.of the run to.' the. death. !. The run lasted about an hour and three-quarters. I have; heard there were several spills in, the rear, ;but. no one was seriously, hurt. ..-: : : ? :; v HERMAN'S .GHOST. . 