SPANISH RECREATIONS. \- ??? ? . [From a truant correspondent of The Times,'] Seville, April 23rd. The annual festival of Seville is now over, not to re-commence till the Holy Week of next year. For the last fortnight the charges at the hotels have been nearly doubled, and every day we have had two tables d'hote at different hours. This morning there is a general decline. Our table d'hote is at medium hour (5-30) ; the bill is ruled by the ordinary tariff, and you find yourself considered, not as an intruder, but as a welcome guest. The festival may be conveniently divided into two acts, one sacred the other profane. The former commences on Holy Wednesday, when the Gospel narrative of the Passion is read in the Cathedral, with a pyrotechnic illustration and the first religious procession. The process is continued through Maundy Thursday and Good Friday, that of the Friday being most important. On Saturday the narrative of the Passion, read in the Cathedral, is accompanied not only by fireworks, but by cannon. Here ends the religious act. The profane act commences with the bull fight on Easter Day, which is repeated on the following Tuesday. On Easter Monday begins the Seville Fair, which last three days, and on the following Thursday and Friday come the horse races, these being the result of an Anglomania wherewith the good bullfighting Spaniards have been infected, much against their will, by the officers of Gibraltar. The Seville Fair is an institution altogether ' unique. Its commercial object is the sale of horses and cattle ; but its social use is its great peculiarity. A whole street of stalls is rented for three days by the most opulent families of the town (nobility not excluded), who send their furniture to their temporary residences, and there live from 6 o'clock in the morning to a late hour at night, receiving and and paying visits. Larger booths, belonging to the clubs of Seville, are appropriated to balls of the most respectable kind, only accessible by means of personal introduction. Besides the fashionable quarter, there is an inferior street of stalls hired by those who do not belong to the " Upper Ten." Also, there are stalls for the sale of cheap delicacies and gimcrack, but the national luxury at the Seville Fair is a sort of pancake, in the form of a ring, made exclusively by gipsies, and called a " bottle." When I was a ton, and St. Bartlemy marked a day in the people's calendar, a man who entered Smithfield during the period dedicated to the Saint, and did not buy his bag of gingerbread nuts," was a person to be shunned. So it is with the "boards" at the Seville Fair. You are bound in honour to eat, and you must eat it fresh. The gipsy who rules the stall keeps no stock on hand, save in the form of a colossal dish, wherein is contained the raw material of which the delicacy is made. You order a pound or half-a-pound, the prepara- tion begins, and when it is completed a huge dish is presented by a female gipsy, who as Mr. Mr. T. Carlyle said of Dante, is the luornfullest figure you ever saw in your life. Strange creatures, these gipsies of Andalusia. I need not tell my readers that they hold a sort of semi social position, and form an important part of the population, the women being always distinguished by their long hair tied into a knot at the back of the head. Some of them may be also marked for their singularly handsome faces, although their style of beauty is rather repulsive than attractive. The servant (or mistress) of the booth, who brought my dish of bonuses, was undoubtedly handsome, but about as in- j viting as Clytemnestra. '_ Of all the dismal things to be seen in Andalusia give me the horse-race. Were it not that an inkling of patriotism prompted me to record that my countrymen had the best of the fight, I could pass it over entirely. The course on the bank of the Guadalquivir, is in a most picturesque position, and as a course is unexceptionable, but the want of those appendages that contribute so essentially to the enjoy- ment of the Derby produces a feeling of desolation. No one brings his well-stored hamper ; there is nothing to eat, nothing to drink, but there is a sun that blazed exceedingly. Let me correct myself ; there is one caterer for refreshment, who is always present everywhere, at the bull-fight, at the fair, at the horse-race. This is the vendor of "agua y parties," who is constantly visible, lustily advertising his cheap commodity with his lungs. The water (again) he carries on his shoulder in a vessel that might have been borne by Rebecca, and from his hand depends a glass case, containing the "penales," -a ghost of a " meringue," which converts the pure element into "eau sure'." But the pure element is warm, and not refreshing. The melancholy feature of the Spanish horse- race is the utter apathy of the spectators as to the proceedings on the course. The élite of Seville society attends and yawns. The ladies are superbly dressed, and sit in their bad places in the grand stand with a resignation that would do credit to St. Lawrence, inasmuch as they, like him, are visibly boiled ; but they care little about the contest. A vague patriotism inspires a desire that the Spaniard may boat the Eng lisliiiin.li, but as for details, they vanish into a blank, like the central part of a map of Africa. An army composed of officers without soldiers is a proverbially week exhibition. Just such an exhibition is presented by the spectators of this Seville horse-race. They form an aristocratic crowd, with which the populace has no sympathy whatever. The Briton, who hates "roughs" in his own land, longs to behold a specimen of the genus in this gathering. Imagine the gallery of Drury-lane Theatre closed on Boxing Day, and imagine the feelings of Mr. F. B. Chatterton on the occasion. The gentle folk of Spain go to the races, thinking that, in the language of Mr. Sothern, it is the " right thing for a fol- far to do," but their enjoyment is small. The populace dislike and avoid them. They love and, to a certain measure, understand their bullfights but the comparative speed of horses fails to interest them. And, after all, when the excitement of the " Corrado de Toros" is placed with that of the horse-race but no, the vision of the society against cruelty rises before me, and I pull up short. _ 