EVENING MEETING. The public meeting, held in the Congregational Chapel, Gawler, on Thursday evening, was begun by singing, and prayer being offered by the Rev. Mr. Manthorpe. The Rev. C. J. Evans, the Pastor, explained that Mr. W. Duffield, M.P., who was to have taken ths chair, had sent a telegram expressing regret at being detained in town on important matters connected with tha Legislature. Mr. Evans, who liad then been requested to preside, said it would be his duty to make room for those who were to speak. There was no desire on their part for infringement upon the work of others. They looked upon other do nominations as belonging to the same brother hood-engaged in the same work. The Church belonged to Him who made them and all the earth. It was the duty of the Church to fill the earth full of love, so that all might bo blended, together in the beauty of unity. There might be unity without uniformity, and this was to bo accomplished by the love of Christ. He would not say the position they occupied was the best, but they had a work to do, and they were doing it in the best way they could. lie recognised, the efforts of others, and wished them God speed. The Rev. Mr. GIBSON, of Angaston, .whose subject was " Personal Consecration to Christ," remarked that all men were called to be Christians, bought with the same price, had the same invitation "Follow Me," were His who bad a right to each of them, and were bound to obey His will and commands. General Have lock's men, owing to their affection for and con fidence in him, gladly went where he led. Man could not choose in this matter; for Christ would be glorified, cither by the joyful service of His own people, or by those vessels of dis honour who did not obey him. The service of Christ was not unpleasant, although they might have to go_ through reproach and tribulation, for He wiped away tears and gave peace. He was no tyrant. His servants did not so fully realize the sweetness and blessedness of His service as it was their privilege to do. Christ called to activity, not only in their own obe dience, but in leading otliers to Him. This was to be done, not by fear, but by setting before them the sweetness of peace in the enjoyment of religion. The best way to advance in conse cration to Christ was by usefulness. Tha Sabhath-school teacher, the conductor of tho Bible class, the visitor to the sick, all got good while doing good. Christ had placod them here for usefulness. There should be no idle Christians; the Saviour was never idle. They were the .salt of the earth, and as the light from heaven, shedding a beneficial influence on all around. The Church must not be asleep. It was not necessary to have large talent or great wealth to be useful, for much might be accomplished quietly by following Jesus in kindness and love, keeping in view the reward promised, and not growing weary in well-doing. He concluded an eloquent address with prayer for the spread of love and usefulness. Mr. W. LEWIS, J.P., of Allandale, said it was something like presumption to say anything after the eloquent speaker to whom they had listened. The topic given him was " Individual effort and personal responsibility." This rested not only on their ministers-good men and true -but on every member. There was the erroneous idea entertained by some that the responsibility of success rested solely on such as the deacons, who certainly had their responsi. bility in the finances. The minister's stipend had to be raised, and people were apt to forget their part in the work. The same command was given to all-" Go, work." No .one could with stand this. Fault was often found with the minister or deacons if they were absent; but members forget their own neglect, and that they often allowed trifles to interfere with duty. There should be a union of effort, each oua doing his own part, and the whole blending in one work of usefulness. Each might do some thing. Those who could not do much might be taught by the Great Teacher, and instead of finding fault with the minister or the sermon they should pray. They wanted no more spiritual life. The Rev. C. MANTHORPE, of Glenelg, said it was rather singular he had almost forgotten there was to be a collection. He had thought he should bo able to sit still, but tho subject of Home Missions was mentioned, so ho remembered, and collections and he always went together. They were Independents, because they believed each Church had power to carry on its own work for Christ without control. They met in Unions to consider matters connected with their own Churches, and to afford assistance to those struggling under difficulties with the hops that they might become self-supporting. Various Churches had been assisted by the Home Mission Society. They raised annually £-300, and asked, for help. Foreign missions must be supported, but they need not interfere with home mission work. They had not said much about themselves that night-not because they wereashamed of their principles, but were satisfied in their own strength, and with these principles. They had no antagonism to other bodies, but, while doing their own work in. their own way, rejoiced in the prosperity of others. After tho collection and another hymn, The Rev. A. SCALES spoke on " The necessity of increased spiritual life in all our Churches." The subject was important, and required much thought. Generally there was a consciousness of the need of this life, but he feared it was not realized so fully by members as it ought to he. Tliey did not receive and enjoy all the privileges and blessings they were entitled to. They did not fulfil the part of brethren and sisters. There was too much shy ness, and therefore not so much spiritual help afforded to each othei. There was more spiritual life needed in the pulpit. Ministers felt this; their labours were uot attended with the success they should be. Week-night ser vices were not so full of life as they ought to be. The same might be said of Sabbath-schools. There were not so many young gathered in as might be expected. How was this life to bo obtained? Not by complaining. Those who complained most were generally tho most cold. Religion must be shown in work done, and not only by the good received. It was a great blessing to any minister to see that his people were receiving this life, and its enjoyment would tell on all around. They needed life within, or work would be mere formality. Might God grant this life to all of them. The Rev. E. GRIFFITHS, of Kensington, spoke at length on " The spread of Ritualism being a call to the Church to insist on the spread of spirituality of doctriue." Ritualism was opposed to the simplicity of the word and worship of God. Tho best way to avoid it was by retain ing the Holy Ghost, and taking the Word of God as the guide. The proceedings were closed with the doxology and benediction. RECHABITE NEWS.-A temperance meeting iu connection with the South Australian District of licchabites was bold at Echunga on Monday evening, October 10; Mr. W. Rundoll, of Mount Barker, in the chair. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. A. Barncveld and E. Alcock to a good audience. Several signed the pledge.-On Tuesday, October 11, the Hope of Coromandel Tent festival wasfheld. About 200 members and friends, who assembled on Brother Thomas Shepley's grounds, enjoyed themselves in various sports until about 4 p.m. After ample refresh ments a public meeting was hold, Mr. W. Holland, D.C.R., presiding. The report, read by Brother Shepley, was satisfactory. Messrs. fcialey, Rhodes, 1. and E. Broadbent, Donnell, and E. Gould spoke. Recitations and readings were efficiently given by Messrs. Pearson, Cargceg, and Maries, and excellent music by Mr, A. Murray, jun., and several ladies. 