SOME NOTES ON LOCAL ARCHI- TECTURE. The new Wesleyan Parsonage in Lydiard street, and the School-houseon theJower porKon ol'thei reserve in Dana etreet, are now advanced suf ficiently to fiive eomeide& of tbeir proportions and appearance. The architect, Mr J. A. Dpane, has contrived to throw much cbsractei into both works. -The honse is a solid structure of brick on ablnestone foundation, the steep slope to , the valley allowing of a basement storey appro- priated to the domestic effiees. The principal floor is -well raised above the street level, the apartments being roomy _ and convenient. The treatment of the brickwork is tasteful, the beads of the windows and string courses of white brick affording a" pleasing contrast, diamond-headed bricks being very nicely introduced. -Tbe upper story is now in progress, and will bB Burmbnnted with a well-pitched roof, giving'height and light-" ness to the whole. Mr. Botey is tbe contractor for this portion -of the work.- The school isj .a large and imposing structure, designed in the pointed style, and presenting quite an ecclesiastl cal appearance. The north front to Dana street will contain two entrances, approatbed by a fiight of steps, leading to the large roomph the upper storey, which Is intended for vestry and cther meetings, lectures, eobisl gatherings, and tofi Sunday for the senior Sabbath-school. - Its ares is 75 feet by 40 feet, and itwiUb9 21 feethigh to tee ceiling of the roof. > The lower room wl beof the same dimensions with a height.of 16 feet, .the floor' above being supported by six slender iron columns : withcomposite capitals. This will be devoted to the day, infant, and Sundsy schools, and is approached by two flights of steps— that at the north-wist corner for girls, and une at ihe. north-east corder for hoys. The side "windows and doorways dre treated with alternations of red and white briiks in the. dressings, the wailp-being supported |by solid buttresses. Around the building is awhjte. String course of diamond bricks,.similar'in charic- L ter to tbat ol the parsonage. J Ih fthe jiorihern gable will be a large circular window, with tracery ; and thebufiding wUl be ffiniEbed bff" tijth'jh; biell turret at .the northwest tner,:,;hajib,tt3tel height bf €7.feet to the finul". The whole aritllbe finished en about, two mouths, the ooettif"8(di6ol' aud pareonage being about £3000 .MrSeeley| is" contractor for. tbe schooI, ahd Mr-Frauds xlerk of the works. When the new school isfioishfed, the old one will he sold for Tumoral, end tlim ground vill . be fenced jtnd unproved, thereby.' adding greatly, to the improvetneiit<>fthispartiout ofthecity. - , J We may add that Mr Doane is also engaged in the erection of a Wesleyan church at Burrum- beet, intended to seat 150 persons, the materials being bluestone with brick dressings in the pointed style. A private house for Mr George Smith, on Wendouree parade, is also under the superintendence of the same arcitect. It will be built on bluestone foundations, the principal material being wood, the style being pointed. Another of our recent -additions tnreis the new traneept of St Teteris Auglioad Church, Start street. designed by.Mr C.D.Uuih-" berL The area iof this Is 27 faet by.22i feet, rfrk' ing about 120 new sittiogs.- The priginal'deajgn for a transept arch ;has bren'departed.from, and.- the open timber rob! will iuteratet, tite roof of the.' nave at a height of 5-feet below-' the tatter/ : This allows of the opening .being of .tijc full width/ The principal window is in the form of a wheel, having carved bluestone mullions of good design. An entrance.is'provided'on the/north sidej whjch ought to have teen furnished with ra good porplr, and tbhs added . greatly tq the. general effect, as , well as convenieo.be of tbe doorway. :;The.spiaU:, projection carried uut is a poor substitute for : ; what in some of our ol J»unteygjhur pleasing' feature - in aeeelesioetical - architecture. 1 : We ebould add that a ventilatqr has been placed in the roof," a provision " whjeb. plight be imitated in some other chufchesj-with Advantage to ihe comfort of the worshippers, who ore often subjected to an almoBt oven-like heat in a thrice breathed atmosphere. ' f The progress of the City Town Hall lately has betrayed only one redeeming feature of this most extraordinary and hideous agglomeration of bluestone, freestone, granite, red brick, white brick, stucco, galvanised iron, and the ghost of Christopher Wren only knows what other build- ing materials. Could not the council contrive! to : make it a sort ot epitome, of every modeof 'bnild- : ing. and begin by ibtrbdncing a tittle bush . archi- 1 tectnre,«ucb as atab walls and bark roof, wattle and dab," and the "more modem luxqrybf weathjm- board and shingle. But enqugh bf this striking- manifestation of the- effects produced After cer tain members ;of our civic body constituted themselves into "a bniUiog cominittee of self- dabbed architects. The very' figure heads on tire keystones of the: arches seem'to be turning up their pug noses at the ridiculous ma33 of masonry - they are supporting, and as each new feature slowly presents itself, the citizens' eyes are be- : ginning to'be awake to tbe' doings Of 'their muni cipal rulers. However, -the fates seem determined-: that Ballarat shall bear the palm , for possessing tbe ugliest city hall in the colony, and she mask/ make the best of it. Thp'xeai truth le thal jth rne are only two apartments in the" biiHaihg having: any pretensions, to flue proportion", or worthy.: . treatment, namely, Ihe entrance hall 'and stair case, and the council chamber. ; The public offices Occupy a set of back' attics, looking but into gaol -yard -like enclosures, an -acme of dreariness. But we haye to deal with wbat is, and may veenr to our, leading re mark. The one redeeming quality must . be set down to height, how-revealed in the finishing of tbe corner pediment surmounting the Felice Court. The total height from ihe pavement is !67 feet, and for that reason imposing. The semi circular window is e ffective,if not useful. Bat even all tbis iB like a girl of the peood s chignon— a sham. Go round to .Armstrong street snd see the skeleton poles of an'irou.shed, yrith wtucai the building is really surmounted. , Tbo shops look as if the Prussians had been- ahont, and seem like to tumble or beblowndown before roofing tinm comes round. The -targe windows in front of toe Police Court should nataraUy belongtb some : well proportioned apartments; yet ,w,bstto the.iapt? They actually light only a series of closets land , lavatories, usually placed in' some ratared part of a public Jtuiiding, but in tbiB Oiee tbe usual order is Teversed.. It. as so, far gratifying to notics -that some preparations are in progress towards raiamg. the tower Another stage. The materials will be brick and .bluestone faced with Kangaroo Point, freestyle,, a good Bupp'y of which is at last arriving, fter-taonths of delay. A traveller wfll shortly be ereetod tat a height of 70 feet, sufficiently high to raise All the heavy portioms of the .materials, as also; to hoist the peal of hells to their heanpge. Ttese voiceless mnsiclabs are still slumhaing in dark corner of M'Do wall's store, hut juav pabaps Oe woke up aud set to ring sometime dnnngtbenwt generation, at the present rate. of progress. It is rumored (says at last the police are ob the track " t tbe i who robbed thsgooda , and that they have every cxpertatlon of sheeting 