ODD NOTES. By a Bon eui AK. What a blessing it is to the occupants of the strangers' gallery that Forbes is ohairman of committees. There wouldn't bo a bit of amuse- ment only for thot. But now, directly the House gets into committee, tho fun begins. I am studying Forbes. He is a ourioBity, take him which way you will. To hear him "put " the question, and always put it wrong, is inter- esting. I wouldn't havo believed it possible for so many ohangos to be rung on a few simple word3 if I hadn't heard my noble Forbes. I am not in tho habit of betting, otherwise I should bo " good " to offer odds that he could put a question five hundred different ways, nono of which would bo vory far wrong, and none quite right. Now that's an accomplishment, mind you, that very few men can lay claim to. It shows great ingenuity. Palmer omitted to mention it when setting forth Forbes' many qualifications for the billet of Chairman of Committees, but in my opinion that alono is honestly worth the £400 a year. This, howovor, is only ono out of many sources of refined enjoyment to bo had when Forbes ¡3 in the chair. It is delightful to watch tho deliborato manner in which he mixes up amendmonts and original motions until he getB them into such a tangle that it requires the united efforts of Bernays, Radford, and hal^ dozen of the most experienced members in f House to untwist thom. After this opérai. ,-n, has been successfully performed, tho gentle Forbes rises with a benignant smilo aud puts tho question-wrong. It is pleasant too to watch tho effect of Forbes on Bornays, and Radford, tho clerk and assistant clerk of the Assembly. As soon as the motion is passed for tho Speaker to leave tho chair and the House to go into committee-they go white. From this color, as Forbes warms to his work, thoy get redder and redder until just as you think thoy are on the point of relieving them- selves by a little profano swearing-they simultaneously break out into a profuso per- spiration. It is a noble sight to sec good mon struggling with difficulties. I enjoy it amazingly. It makes mo feel sereno and bonovolont. Tho clerk and assistant clerk of the Assembly aro good mon j Forbes is a " dilfioulty," and the way they Btruggle with him is a caution. They always come off second best, because Forbes is so very cool, collected, and positive, but they don't miad tbo defeat. They tackle him again as fresh as over, apparently in the full belief that by-and- byo thoy will bo able to get him to put a question in an absolutely cor- rect manner-so great is the faith of thoso mon. After perspiring for six or eight hours with him they renew tho contest as bravely as though it was the first timo. ' I am proud to hear thot our revenue ottlcori are quite as smart as thoso of Now South Wales or Yictoria. I am the moro dolightod to hear it because if you remember whon my friend T. B. Stophens was a minister some time ago, he had to confess, in answer to an imper- tinent question by a momber, that all the inspectors of distilleries had left other branches of the public service " under a cloud." You know what that means, eh ? I suppose» thoy wero appointed on the principle of " Sot a"--ahern ! I noed not repeat the proverb. I havo no doubt thoy were just the right sort of mon to prevont illicit distilla- tion. I don't know to which of them belongs tho credit, but a still was seized in Brisbane last week. Yes ! It hasn't been long since a still was found at Thimo, Walker, and Co.'s, at Sydnoy ; only a fortnight ago another largo still was seized in Melbourne ; and our revenue officers felt it incumbent on them to prove that they earned thoir money, so last wcok they alto made a seizure. In a suspicious-looking building at the back of Queen-street thoy found a three gallon still, and all the appliances for making spirit. Thoy also found a quantity of spirit on tho premises. Tho concern hadn't boon at work moro than three months, so you seo thoy lost no tim»._ They didn't take the still and the spirits away, though. No, they left everything just as thoy found it with tho oxception of a few nobblers of whisky, or whatover you Uko to call it, and a broken window which thor did not stop to fasten. You seo in exploring tho premises while the proprietors were away they discovered that the parties had a licenso to uso a still of any size up to eight gallons, so thoy would not take the little contemptible three-gallon affair. Kind, wasn't it? Tho activo and intelligent officer who planned and carried out that piece of work, deserves to bo rewarded, and I hopo the Colonial Treasurer will not forgot bim. It would bo a capital plan to hnvo a number of loatber medals struck to present to officers who distinguish themselves in this sort of way. My old friend Bibulous says I utterly ruined his little game with the "Tommy Dodd" shillings by "blowing" on it in theway l did-Bib. is given to talking slang in his sober moments. The publicans and sinners won't serve him with liquor now until thoy soo what sort of money he has. But tho saints havo discovorod a way of get- ting rid of their worn and defaced silver coin in a maunor that doos equal credit to their bono volcnco, prudence, economy, and, in fact, all the noblo and christian virtues. Thoy take thom to church, and put them on the plate at the offertory. A benighted churohwardon was com- plaining to me about this tho other day. He don't see tho thing in its trno light, and I couldn't make him seo it. No, ho was as obsti- nate a9 a mule, and porsisted in calling it moan, coutemptiblo, and everything that was bad. I tried to explain to him what a (Ino moral lesson these good pcoplo wero teaching tho Ohuroh by prosonting only smooth and defaced coins. These collections at church aro vory objection- able. Thoy break in on ono's devotions, and sot you diving into your pockets for stray coins. Who enn fool devout while deliberating whother you will give sixponco or a shilling ? If a chris- tian Bhould havo nothing less than half-a-orown about him, ten to one but ho is irrovorent and uncharitable for tho remainder of tho_ day, no matter what amount of charity ho might have been imbued with previously. Now, if every- body would moko a praotico of only giving " Tommy Dodds " at thoso collections, two ex- cellent results would follow. Tho worn and do facod silver coinage would soon bo withdrawn from circulation, and churohwardons would give up tho practico of indecently interrupting peo- ple's devotions by poking a pewter plate under their noses, and dumbly appealing for filthy lucre. I havo a profound roveronoo for tho systom of trial by jury. It is tbo palladmm of English liborty-whatever that may moan. If a priso- nor can only get a friond or a rolativeon hil jury its astoniihing how that jury will stiok out ' for tho liborty of tho subject. If, in addition to a prisoner gotting a friend or relative on his jury, ho can secure a Gorman or two who do not thoroughly understand tho English languago he is as " right as a trivet," as tho sublimo Milton beautifully expresses it. It don't mattor how clear his guilt is proved, ho will get oil'with flying colors. Tho judgo moy omit to toll him that ho " loavos tho dook without a stain on his charaotor," but that don't matter muoh. Now, this is vory handy, you know. Everybody has tho gorms of oriminality in him, and who knows how soon oircumotanecs may de- velop thom into actual orimo. If it was not for juries, a criminal who was roally guilty wouldn t stand tho ghost of a ohanco. Theroforo, I am proud of tho " palladium," and I say, more power to you, mv liborly-loviug frionds who sorvo on juries. 1 havo como to this conclusion withiu the last two day«. *7t 