GEHEEAL NEWS A receipt and pay office is to be established at Camperdown. Two .tons colonial currants, grown at An gSBton, have been eold at £60 per ton. Stuartmill is to have a money order and post office savings bank after 1st of April. A man named Xhwaiteg has been suffocated uy low nir »i n.uruit wmjfil BUUQng a weu Eight hundred bnshels of wheat and other property have been destroyed by fire on the farm of Mr. Nilechke, Mt Gambier. The cost of carriage of flour and grain be tween BaOarat and Melbourne, is reduced to eighteen shillings per tOD, subject to the nso&l; conditions. The expense of printing the evidence, &c.;, in the Wilson v. M'Kinnon inquiry was ilSS 7s, and to this muBt be added another Urge amount paid to membere of the committee, who eat on the case from the 23rd February to the 15th March. On Monday the schooner 1?H» capsized off the Kinety-mile Beach, the sea running ex tremely high. Captain Davidson and the cook wcroboth drotrned. The vessel lies a total wreck two miles west of the entrance to the Gipps Land Lakes. Additional returns of the polling for tho South Western Province, reverse the position of the candidates as stated in the earlier telegrams. By the latest account, Mr. Commings was 24S ahead, and although the full returns had not been received, it was said the result conld not be altered. In the vicinity of Camperdown there are numerous wells being sunk. The water, al though in some instances unfit for domestic purposes, is readily drank by the bheep and cattle. The lake near Mr. Adency'e home ?station is now dry ; this has not been pre viously known within the memory of ' the oldest inhabitant.' A telegram from Belfast s»ys .-—Legal pro ceedings hare been commenced against Coun cillors Haynes and Yorke under section 120 and 4J0 of the Borongb Statute, for declining to vote on an important question relating to the inte rests of the borough — viz., the closing of roads and streets by the agent of the special surrey on which Belfast stands. The late Chief Secretary in refusing to accept a title which has been conferred upon some honour of oar colony. JCew South Wales had its Premier, Mr. Martin, made a knight, and it would have been an insult to Victoria if onr late Premier were to bare a lesser dignity than the Xew South Welshman. A number of the pedestrians of Victoria, at a meeting held on Wednesday evening, declined to ' compete in any events that may be adver tised to come off under the present management or association, that have the running oitne All England pedestrians under control.' It was considered that the Victorian pedestrians bad been very unfairly treated, not only in the matter of general handicapping, but also in general treatment On Thursday, at Belfast, Mr. F. A, Corbett ?was committed for trial at the next Circuit Court, for libel. The libel complained of was contained in two letters by Mr. Corbett, which appeared in the Belfast Gazette of the 3rd irst, in which he reflected on the conduct of Mr. D. J. Howes, a sitting magistrate in a case heard the previous week, in which the owner of the Port Fairy Surrey was concerned. The taste for satirical publications must be dying out in the colony, as one by one journals of this nature spring up, nourish for a season, and then are suddenly snuffed out Ballarat Punch lately succumbed, Humbug soon after followed, and now Touchstone, that ironically ?wept over the demise of bis merry brethren, has also ceased to exist. 'Where be their gibes now? their flashes of merriment, that were wont to set the table in a roar ! Not one now'— but Melbourne Punch; may it 'live long and prosper.' Power, the bushranger, has again made his appearance, and this time in tbe Kilmore dis trict, a telegram having been received from the Kilmore station by the Melbourne police to the effect that on Thursday evening, be tween S and 9 o'clock, Power stuck up eome carriers who were camped at Tallerook, about seventeen miles from Kilmore. When they turned their pockets out, however, they had notliing in them, and the offender had, there fore, to go away empty handed. He rode off in the direction of Reedy Creek. A shocking case of suicide occurred at Clunes on Wednesday morning. Alfred Dawson, land lord of the Joiner's Arme, Ballarat road, having cut his throat in the water closet at the rear of liiB own premises. It seems that deceased had been suffering from an affection of the heart for some time previously and this had brought on fits of despondency, which had been aggravated by bneiness difscultiee, and culminated in a de termination to put an end to his life. At the inquest held on Wednesday afternoon, a ver dict in accordance with the above facts Was re turned. Telegrams from Sale speak of a superabund ance of rain. The three days' rain has caused all the Gipps Land rivers to rise. On Tuesday the Avon river swept away the Stratford bridge. The rivers Mscalister and Thomson next rose, flooding all the low lands. On Fri day the Thomson flood reached Sale, and filled the morasses and backwater. The water is now subsiding. Tbe Latrobe has not risen much. Loss of life is reported, but not authen ticated. The floods have done some damage, but also some good, as tbe rain is an im mense blessing. Weather now is warm and growing. The coast country is beginning to attract notice. The road to Prineetown from Camper down has been much improved by the shire council, and now offers no impediment to driv ing the whole way. The soil in some of the valleys is spoken of as being very rich, but would require a great amount of labour to clear dwellings at Princetown, which are occupied by tbe owners for a few weeks during the summer. There is plenty of fishing, and those who have an inclination for the study of geology will meet with some fine fossils. In fact, the coast will amply repay a visit to those fond of ruralising. The Melbourne Herald says: — The action taken by the owners of runs in the Western and other districts — where rabbits some time ago abounded in such numbers as to be almost a plague — in allowing anybody to enter their erounds and shoot the nests sb thev nl«u«_ aeems as if it will result in the accomplishment of the object intended, viz., the eradication of the nuisance. It is not long since that rabbits were to bo bought in this city at two shillings and half -a-crown a dozen in tbe streets, and a single one oould be had for fourpence. Since then the numbers have considerably decreased, and to-day the retail vendors of game paid from 7s 6d to Ss Cd per dozen for them at the Fish market. The search party, consisting of Constables Swale and M'Elwam, and Messrs. George Melville and J. L. M'Donald, who started for' the scene of the wreck of the Marie Gabrielle on Monday, the 9th inst, returned to Camper down after a rough and somewhat dangerous journey a week ago. The search for the mis sing South ~Sea Islanders, however, has proved nnancoeuful, and the inference to be drawn therefrom is that these unfortunate creatures, who, it is said, were left to their fate by tbe shipwrecked crew, must have perished in their attempt to follow the sailors to a place of safety. The explorers apeak in high terms of the hospi tality of the settlers, and the grandeur of the scenery in many parts of the Otway district The itorllaLt Dapaidi report* that a man named James George Hard committed suicide -1 Saturday last, si ffrrham, by ebooting him Th« deceased, who i» said to have been time in a good position in society, had naking, and was most probably suf t 4£uriam at the |jme-of cpnuoittinff IT^THe was engaged in tie capacity ' °rL--, Mr. Waniwiae's station, and TSffiiZ^P* 6»n with which tine and quite aecu^.,-^ - j^^ ^^ For farther parteBiBsvJ',, ^ }ietTt__ B. GOLPSBB0U..pnfortunate Melbourne; or--nae. At CBOAKER, SCOxwas re Hamilton and* the entire line. It was stated that this would not be accepted tail the figures had been care fully scrutinised. All information respecting the other tenders was carefully refused. The price of the lowest tender shows an average of £5,230 per mile on the cost of construction. At tbe Warmambool Meat Preserving Fac tory, says the Examiner, there are now being killed about 300 sheep per day, or nearly 2000 per week. The preserving is going on at the rate of nearly 1000 tins per day, of various sizes. Od Thursday we hid an opportunity of testing some boiled mntton, stewed kidneys, and bWp'b tongues — aod we are bound to acknowledge them excellent, one eqnally with the other. The meats of the company will shortly be shipped to England, and placed in the Melbourne market ; they will also be on sale at the various storekeepers in and aronnd Warmajnbool and district On enquiry we found that already 2950 sheepskins, and 35 casks of tallow, have been shipped to Melbourne nj-r- +),-- Pj4in& AtlH Tilth RflF. On Wednesday afternoon a man named M*Guire. living at the rear of the school- house at Grasmere, reports the WarrnamliOGi Exami ner, took into his house a thomapple, and laid it on the table. His daughter, only two years of age, picked it np and swallowed a small piece, In the evening the child became deli rious, and yesterday morning Mr. M'Guire was coming into town and met Dr. Jamieson. The doctor immediately went to Grasmere, and found the girl quite insane, struggling violently. Not baring a stomach-pump with him, he was unable to apply the usual remedies in such cases ; in fact, his services were sought when it was too late, for in a few minutes after his arrival the child died. Tom Thumb droDDed into the House at about 11 o'clock on Tuesday night to see his chum, the hon. the Commissioner of Lands. Mr. Duffy was speaking at the time, and for a moment the attention of House deserted him, and was concentrated on the dwarf. Mr. Duffy observed that Tom possibly wanted his friend the Minister for a game at bowls. Mr. M'Eean wriggled about uncomfortably, but said nothing, and Tom, feeling, no doubt, tor bis mend a position, considerately left the House. Has the horrible thought never occurred to any one that tbe great man, enrious of the little man'e popularity, may possibly contemplate joining tbe famous dwarf, and sharing with him the laurels that are so much greener than any the hon. member for Maryborough is likely to pluck from his administration of the Lands department. The official notification of the appointment of Mr. Nolan as Judge of County Courts and Courts of Mines, and Chairman of General Sessions, is published in the Government Gazette. The duties alloted to him are— Judge of County Courts appointed to be held at Amhuret, Avoca, Carisbrook, Dunolly, Ingle wood, Maryborough, t;L Amaud and Tarna guila ; Judge of the Court of Mines within and for the Maryborough Mining District ; and also Chairman of the Courts of General Sessions of the Peace to be held at Donolly, lnglewood, and Maryborough respectively, in the room of Mr. James Langton Clarke, resigned. Mr. Daniel Abraham Heches. Mr. Macfarland, Mr. D. M. O'Leary, and Mr. Qninlan, are mentioned as being candidates for the office of Crown prose cutor for the Maryborough district, vice Mr. -'olan, promoted to the Beech. The boy Adams, who is now in Pentridge working out a long term of imprisonment for an alleged rape upon nis sister, is not unlikely to be made the subject of still further investiga tion. It will be remembered that strenuous efforts were made by the friends of the boy to procure a remission of his sentence, by the pro duction of evidence tending to demonstrate his complete innocence of the crime ; but the Executive, after carefully considering all the particulars, decided adversely to the prisoner. The father of the boy, however, has just come to Melbourne, and has brought with him a de claration, just sworn to before a magistrate, of one of the witnesses at the trial, that the whole charge was the invention of a woman who bore some ill- will to the boy's mother, and who took this horrible means of revenging herself. Mr. Adams has placed the matter in the hands of his solicitor, and the whole case will sbortly come again under the notice of the law officers of the Crown. More appointments. The last act of the Ministry ie the appointment of a new batch of magistrates. Here are the names : — Joseph Aarous, Esq., East Melbourne ; George Aspin all, Esq., Sandhurst ; William Hose BuUivant, Esq., Geelong -, James Campbell, Esq., Ararat ; William Carmichael, Esq., Harton-hills Sta tion ; William Thomas Napier Champ, Esq., Meredith ; John Donald, Esq., Matlock ; An gus Gilchrist, Esq., Leannonth; George Jen nings, Esq., iitawell ; John Little, Esq., Evens ley ; Thomss Little, Esq., Lancefield ; Wil liam Little, Esq., Stratford ; John Moore, Esq., Talkrook; Daniel M'Gee, Esq., Sale; Daniel M'KinnoD, Esq., Maradayallack, Terang ; Geo. O'Donnell, Esq. , Kangaroo Flat, Sandhurst ; William Pogson, Esq., Queenscliff; William Everard Power, Esq., Green-hills, Maffra ; Geo. Pringle Robertson, Esq., Colac ; Leslie James Sherard, Esq., St. Kilda; Samuel Francis Staugkton, Esq., Exford, Melton ; Alexander Tone, Esq., Wangaratta ; Henry Gyles Turner, Esq., St. Hilda; John Walls, Esq., Camper down. According to the Ararat AdvertUer, a most remarkable case of buiiock poisoning has just occurred in the neighbourhood, the circum stances of which should act as a caution to bullock-drivers as to where they allow their cattle to depasture. A man named Daly, who resides on Lexington, and earns his living by carting with his team of eight bullocks, camped on Thursday in the neighbourhood of a dam be longing to Mr. Millear, on the plains, between Greenvale and Monnt Elliot. All round the dam a salt creeper grew in great luxuriance, and the bullocks eat this plant with much avidity ; ou ma vrevjjer itseu were are numerous reu berries, each berry having a stone in its centre. The next day Daley started with his team, and reached as far as Priest's saw-mill at Mount William, when one of the bullocks — tbe best in the team — dropped down dead. After an hour another died in an equally sudden manner, and shortly afterwards four others were seized with violent pains and contortions, and three of them soon after died. The remaining three bullocks, although ill, appear likely to recover. Daly is confident that the creeping- plant with the red berries poisoned the apimalu, as in no other way can their death be accounted for, the bullocks having been gently driven for no very great distance. The team was the poor man's sole support. A steam plough has recently been imported, and a writer in the Colac Herald thus speaks of it : — ' It may be of interest to your readers who take an interest in the implement* lately introduced into this colony especially to the benefit of agriculture, to hear something of tbe steam plough and cultivator lately imported by Mr. George Brazon, at a cost of £2,200. It is mei^ *\T 1o1j»1v ^*s mi. nrnrlr iin +),«* ltfnnTlPA Ponds, five miles north of Melbourne, and has done excellent work in every case. The pro prietor is prepared to contract to plough or cul tivate any new or old iands, free from stomps and stones, to a depth of one foot for 17s od per acre, and for cultivating and crop culti vating at 22s Gd, the farmer, as in the case of steam Hi rushing, finding fuel and water, and meals for four men. The work is performed at the rate oi eight to ten acres per day, by two self-moving eteam engines, of twelve horse power each. Standing about twenty chains apart in the field, they are set to work, and draw the plough, by means of a wire rope, backwards and forwards. The plough is mounted with a double set of shares, touJter*, and mould-boards, and turns over five furrows at a time. Mr. Brazen supplies a large, water butt, fitted with a flexible auction- pipe and ptunp; the f Bel is about. tbe same « required by a threshing-engine of like power.' The Herald gays :— The Kelson will cost the country this year, according to the present Estimates, the modest sum of £11,908 Ss 4d. This; sum is made of two amounts, £5580 10s for salaries, and £6387 18s 4d for contingencies. Divided in another way we find that £6204 5s are said tobefpr deSeaoe purposes, sod £5754 Ja 4d for training purposes. Inasmuch as offioer* and men are employed id instructing and training the, boys on boara1, and the lwys ?do a great deal- of the «hip work, we think it unfair that the defence fond, should be bur droed Witt all thelalarias except £330. Asa defence ship the Nelson is useless ; as a training ship ebe m&ht; be of some service. Bnt to pay £1 L068 8s 43. » year for this purpose, is to pay a great deal too much. There are about 300 boys on board, «o that the average cost of train ing one boy «nnrauts to neady £40 peryear. T& cost will really be greater, fer the Setaon ? Sao** ?U^Jie'boy* that »re capable of work g, and Immediately a lad falls tick he ie re iMei til 4to «uiibW foliool. The pruning oc \ penseg of the Nelson with great advantage. Certainly now it is apparent that in paying Captain Pavne a great waste of et|-enditure has been incurred. That item of ccurce will never appear in any future Estimates. The capita] of Queensland is fortunate in en joying the advantages of a first class grammar school, which promises to vie in importance and utility with similar institution b in the older colonifes of Australia. We learn from the address delivered on Foundation Day (the 2Sth of February} by Mr. Harlin, tbe head master, that this school numbers 98 pupils, and that the system of moral discipline pursued is that of imbuing the boys' minds with a Btrong sense cf personal honour, upon the principle adopted by Dr. Arnold and his successors at Kugby. It would be difficult to exaggerate the value of such an education in a part of tbc world where, and at a time when, the old chivalrous senti ment of honour and the old uncompromising loyalty to truth are confessedly dying out, ana when 'the grand old name of gentleman' is ' Defamed by every charlatan, and soiled with all ignoble use.'' If institutions like the gram mar school at Brisbane annually stud forth into society but a score of young lads animated by this sense of personal honour, and incapable of uttering or acting a falsehood, their influence upon the men they are brought into contact with, and upon the class of society to which they belong, cannot fail to be impressive and beneficial. We may dispense with the aristo cratic element— in the European senre of the word — in our body politic ; but a nation desti tute of gentlemen — in the noblest aod best acceptation of the term, — in that, for example, in which it was employed by Thackeray,— will want the salt which can alone preserve it from corruption — will lack the one ingredient which is necessary to communicate dignity and eleva tion to its statesmanship, grace and amenity to its social intercourse, probity jand nobility to' its public sentiment A resident in Xepean points out that the original {colony was planted on the Point Ne peui side of the bay at a place called 'the Sisters,' about two miles from Sorrento j which is still locally known as ' the old settlement.' He adds : — Nearly every vestige of Captain Collins's party has been destroyed by old tdax rerum ; but the partly -nlled-up wells or water holes, and the remains of a trench which pro bably once surrounded some jialiside or rude fortification against the blacks, are still visible. Now and then, too, a child in search of mush rooms or berries finds a lump of lead, or a can ister of bullets marked with the broad arrow, which one conjectures to have been a ' plant ' of some convict intending to escape. I have never discovered any graves, but 1 suppose the unfortunate convicts who died, or were exe cuted, were not treated to any very pompous sepulchres. Worse still, there are no ghosts about the place. One would think that, as the oldest settled part of Victoria, it could afford the luxury of being haunted. It is generally known that Captain Collins abandoned Port Phillip and went and established himself in Van Diemes's Land. Bat I believe it is not cpnprailv known that he was actuallv nromued by the Government a bonus of £500 in case he should find it necessary to shift from his first settlement. Had this fact anything to do with the removal of the colony to Tasmania.* However, we have reason to be grateful, as Victoria thus escaped the taint oi a convict origin. And so it came to pass that it waE re served for a boy, «'bo is those summer months of 1804 played beneath the sbeoaks, or wan dered along the strand of Fort Phillip Bay, all unconscious 01 nis lumre ume, to iouna tuis flourishing colony : Johnny Fawkner having been a passenger in the Calcutta, A married woman named Mary Legge was murdered in Hindley-street, Adelaide, on the 20th inst., by her husband, under the following circumstances, detailed at tbe inquest. George Holding said — Last night after 1 returned from chapel 1 was in the kitchen at Gason's Labour Office, in Hindley-street. I there saw William Wallace Legge and his wife, the deceased. They were quarrelling. He asked her to go to bed, and she said, ' No ; not with a devillike you; 1 hate you, you low-looking devil' Legge then went into a back room. I was sitting reading the paper where Mrs. Legge was. Heard a noise in the back room like knives or spoone rattling. Legge came out from the back room with his hand under the bosom of his shirt. He asked her again if she would go to bed and make it up with him. She said, ' I'll see you in ? first.' He took her then by the hair of her head and dragged her from the form on which she was sitting. He tnea took out a knife from his bosom and commeilco^ to stab her in the back. Tbe knife produced is the one. (The knife was an ordinary bone handle dinner knife, taperjng towards the point.) Deceased said, 'Oh, you've stabbed me; you've stabbed me.' 1 n^ innnedi^'y and tried to get hold of Legge. He turned round with the knife in his hand toward' ae and said, ' I'd as soon do it to you ' I then left him and went into the shop, calling 0°t- 'She's killed; she's killed.' When M™ Legge was stabbed she fell on the floor. The landlord of the house in which deceased lodged deposed : ' The woman was frequently drunk ; the prisoner was only occasionally so. De ceased was always railing her husband bad names and using very foul language towards him. Last Saturday morning she struck him in the head with a bottle, and cut him severely. She was quite sober then. Prisoner drew the knife out of the wound. It is one of my knives. The knife is just as 1 picked it up. I did not wipe it, nor see the prisoner wipe it They were always quarrelling, though it was usually tbe fault of deceased.' By a Juror : ' Each was jealous of the other. They were drunk on Sunday. They got drunk singly, not both to gether. Prisoner came in first and the woman ten minutes afterwards, 1 think about half an honr before tbe murder was committed. Last Sunday I frequently stopped them fighting. Deceased was particularly violent She was not a large woman.'' The prisoner was com mitted for trial Among the documents laid on tbe table of the Assembly on Thursday, were the rules for tbe distribution of a special rote of Parliament for rural schools in sparsely populated districts, where the average attendance of twenty chil dren, required by the Common Schools Act cannot be maintained. In thinly populated districts, the Board of Education will grant aid, by way of salary, to a teacher who shall give instruction in one or two schools, as the requirements of the locality may necessitate ; but no aid will be granted towards building or furniture. Where instruction is only given in one school, there must not be less than four hours' instruction during each day, Saturdays excepted ; but in tbe case of half-time schools, the teacher will be expected to divide his time between the schools under bis charge, with tbe view of effecting the ereatest amount of cood. Where there is one school the average most not be less than fifteen, and where there are two the average at each must not be less than ten. 'The attendance will be recorded in the ordinary rolL Salaries will be paid monthly. The fees to be paid by the parents or guardians of scholars will be at the rates allowed in ordi nary common schools. Salaries may be granted at t!ie following rates to teachers : — If classified under the board, males, £55 ; females, £50. If unclassified, males £45 ; females, £40. And at the inspector's annual visit for examination under programme, a bonus varying from £2 to £10 may be awarded, according to the nature of the inspector's report A correspondent must be appointed to certify the returns, visit tbe schools, and correspond with the board. Where there are two scUooIb under one teacher the same correspondent must act for both. Tbe board expect that the residents iu localities where aid to these schools may be granted, will treat the teachers liberally in providing them with house accommodation free, or at a nominal cost, in furnishing them with rations in bush districts, or in ether ways as may be in their power. In every school registered for pupil teachers, and having an average attendance of 160 or over 150, there shall beat least one pupil-teacher for every 100 scholars in average attendance ; and in every school bavins toe average attendance and not so registered, the number of assistant teachers shalT pot exceed that to which it would be entitled if registered. Where staffs are already allotted, agsisfantc need not be displaced or discontinued, except as vacancies shall occur. We should have thought it impossible for* joke to come out of Geelong, but a correspond ent of a conteniporary jus found one. We take the following from the Gotac Obearver: — 'A practical joke has been the {an of tho town for tbe lost week. It would appear, that a worthy son of Crispin -(whose principal claim to cele brity consuta in being an inveterate talker) was an active supporter of the hon, the Trea surer during the recent election, possibly with a view of favours to oome. However, it en tered the hearts at some practical jokers to hoax onr garrulous Wend, and to that end went »A--^«lwtoTO«innb*aiig&etepHt; that tti» worthy stitcher of toles was gazetted a J.P. Many, therefore were, the congratulations, and the victim was seen rushing round the town to see the appointment with his own eyes. Fail ing to find 'any such appointment .in the 'Gazette,' lie was returning sad and dejected to his customary vocation, when he was in formed that it was in a 'Gaxette' supple ment Off a|;ain went he in search of the supplement, but was unsuccessful in finding one. However, being solemnly assured of tbe authenticity of the report, he was observed posting homewards, and after duly informing his wile and family, promenaded tbe town, ex plaining that 'Now that be was on the bench, UBtice, sir, would be administered without regard to part)-.' The originators of the plot, seeing their success, determined to carry it on, and ' waxy ' received, (-er post, a communica tion (the envelope the largest procurable) with the words 'On Her Majesty e service,' from the office of the Minister of Justice, notifying that the Governor, upon the recommendation of his advisers, had appointed him a justice of the peace. Scarcely waiting to pay the post man fourpence postage (the fact one would think, of there being something to pay, would have suggested a ' sell ' to anyone hut our vain obtuse friend), he at ouce spread the (to him) welcome intelligence abroad, much to the delight of those who were in tbe secret. This happy state of mind of the newly-Hedged J.P. continued for two days, to the detriment of his work, in spite of the arguments of his friends, who vainly pointed oat the hoax. At last he saw through it, and awful is his resentment It is said that he is dunning our iocal news papers to move for a parliamentary inquiry, and threatens dire vengeance on the authors of bis disappointment'1 