OIIUROR FOR THE DEAF AND DUMB. THiE Prince of Wales on Tuesday laid the memorial stone of St. Saviour's church for the deaf and dumb, Oxford-street. The as sociation in aid of the deaf and dumb has for many years pursued its difficult work; but not until Tuesday were the committee able to realise one of their most cherished wishes, in the commencement of a place of worship, where the worshippers shall be the afflicted ones whom they make their special care. The association in other ways gives secular in struction to these helpless beings. Oral preaching to the deaf would of course be use less; and special provisions are therefore made for the delivery of sermons in the finger-and sign language. Every week in eight parts of London a dozen religious services are carried on under the auspices of the association, and by these means every year numbers of deaf and dumb are prepared for confirmation. T'hanks to the Rev. 8. Smith, who in his own person combines the heavy duties of chap lain and secretary, during the past few years three hundred deaf and dumb persons have been so instructed that employers were found willing to receive them into their mercantile establishments. The association's efforts have been keenly appreciated by the two thousand deaf mutes who live in London; but the in come is insufficient to enable the whole of the field to be covered. Besides the chaplain, there are only three permanent visitors em ployed, whereas six would hardly be able to do the work which might be done. The cere many of Tuesday was consequently jinterest ing from the double reason of its immediate object, and from the new support it is calcu lated to bring to the association. Out of the thousands of persons who collected in Oxford street on Tuesday, to see the Prince and Princess of Wales, and the two hundred who assembled within the marquee, it is nut un reasonable to hope that liberal and cheerful givers may be found to aid the benovolent labours of the association. The church will stand at the corner of Oxford-street and Queen-street, a little to the east of North Audley-streot, and it will be a handsome building designed with some view to its pro minent position regarding the two thorough fares. It is to be in the Italian style, of red brick with richly carved stone dressings, cor nices, par.)t ts, and doorways. Within, tbohe church will be octagon shaped, and it will ac commodato eight hundred to nine hundred persons. The piece of land upon which the church is to be built, and which is worth at least £3000, was given by the Marquis of Westminster. The building will cost between £l000 and £7000. The Prince, with the Princess, arrived about four o'clock, and was conducted to a dais, where the Marquis and Marchioness of Westminster, Lord and Lady Ebury, and the Archbishop of Yrk were awaiting them. His Grace commenced the proceedings by reading an address to the Prince, welcoming him to assist in the com pletion of an undertaking which, in the face of many obstacles had boon in operation for thirty years. The Prince in reply, expressed the great satisfaction with which he complied with the request to lay the first stone of a building to be dedicated to God's service under such peculiar circumstances. The Princess desired him to say nalso how much pleasure she felt in participating in the cere mony. He himself, indeed, esteemed it a high favour to have boon called upon to aid Sin the prosecution of so noble a work, which bhad received the patronage of the Queen and the magnificent gift of a site from the Mar quis of Westminster. A beautiful bouquet of flowers was presented to the Princess by Miss Woodward, a deaf and dumb lady. The choir of her Majesty's Chapol Royal, after the Prince's reply, chanted a psalm, and the -viear of St. Mark's, North Audley- street, re poseated some appropriate texts of scrilpture. A hymn having been sung, the Prince of Wales laid the stone in the usual manner, saying, " In the faith of Jesus Christ we lay this foundation-stone of the church for the deaf and dumb, to bear the name of Saint Saviour's, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The Archbishop of York intoned several prayers, and delivered a brief address. A numhber of ladies laid purses on the stone. The chaplain Sinterpreted the speeches, prayers, &o.;, to thei deaf and dumb present, as the proceedings progressed by thei wonderful system of signs, of which he is acknowledged to be a consum mate master. The royal visitors were both on Stheir arrival and departure loudly cheered in the streets. 