OASTING OUT DEVILS. (fom t Nesew York Tibune.) The determination of the human mind to felieve in evil spirits, as if its own rascality and depravity were not sntfeient, is certainly discouraging. Tilere are those who apologize for this proclivity by attrihuting it to ignorance; but at this time of day the human mind aforesaid has no business to be so densely ignorant as to suppose it possible for devils to take possession of boys, though these do sometimes behave in a way to lead to that belief, if we could but settle the belief that there are devils to'ta?e "possession," in accordance with the credulity which afflicts the superstitious. Some time ago we heard of a girl in Ohio who was said to be "obsessed," which is some thing more drneadful than being "possessed," and a great deal harder to core. We recommended in this ease mild cathartics, but, even if they were ad ministered, we never heard of the result. Now we get news of a German young man away out in Watertown, Wisconsin, who has ."'em" badly, what ever "'em" may be. This instance of diabolical agency having excited much attention, two editorsa (supposed to be familier with devils) hare visited the yout~h, and their report is thrilling in the extreme. The family to whieh the young man belongs came from Northern Germany, a country highly devoted to the development of spirits, ghosts, and demonec The youth's name is Siege, and a hard siege he was havieg of it long before he came to this enlightened land. His troubles began when he was about five years old. The story is that his sister found "e duck'a egg with a pin-holein it." Under maternal direction she gave it to adog, when the poor animal went mad and blind; the sister went into spasms, and soon died; this boy became also blind, and was tronbled with contortions. Also with "jerk ings." Likee.ise with frothing at the month. More over, with " looks of most malignant hatred." He sOnid only "'appose the raging ?demons by ma" sr. the sign of theerees." Ie wastrested" with roots; ' he got no better very fast; and his aMietedparente dleterminad to emigrate to this country o try'our Columbiano" roots." Butthe kindefwsgetableproper: for this ease does not grow in Wisnoin. tsany rate, the unfortunate German is having "the jerks"'.and the shakes somewhat worse than seer. U' The demoniiia Symptoms" assumed" anaddedvioleoneo." Hegashed: his teeth; he threatened to :beeakaths boneso f his little brother.. Then thedoors began toslam. H:ollow noises were heard in .the room. Theiasmily ell had "a rush of blood to the- head." One of the sisters also had an illegitimate child by?Lsutheranminister. Then the devil got into this poor family's 0ow, wiloeh "reared on her. legs, smote. hertail, and shook her horns with· savge fury0 ... : . Of course, this was too bad .tobe boene,aend an: undian doctr was scalled in. .This ahbdriginal phy ician tried "plasters,"' butnr afewrdays the plastrs eifused t stick, and "spronted hbai?" Then they' aummoped a Medium, who diagnosedr~aenakein tha tomenab,' the "lashings.of whose tail osaldbe heard a pnder the .rib." Finally, thee-aid 'aot the Otholio: Chunrh wm?invoked,.bot,'the lybngngpe n being 'a: - Lntheroan,there was aome disinnation to idneratake . his cure; although at the time Efthe.hat accounts. this pobr epileptic had been carried -toeabtuh a.id 'pl acd in diferentattitude6sbet6rathespictxn bIttheB , .oly Virgin,". IUpon tis the b piritappokse.·i theo Irish and iLatinlaognuge:s.". *Foureni ;. wiB'eat i out " in one day," and a pretty,good dhfs' woe-a3 considertbhat it was.. On the:~ext,5lay thteatie vere uertout. <On the day. following fthesmosk obs durate" agreed 'to. laave. But, .ial, another sdcril, according to the account-before ms, Ihsimbnifeatedit himself, and, after being east o~hA e ainnotn(ioabthe presene offourotbera in poor Ma?ter Blieg'astoinoh,. is W'hen last heard from he wrtgolngto4oehunir regun larly, .bu that he- rjllerer get rid oCf albis ider il isw more than we can affirm. . .'./ SNow, hereii: a Btoryxwhich -reMalyisians4 tti the middle ages, r to someo earlieripe ridof- thewarld'e'* history, and which should reoeiraostdittheartb eist-t time only,insome semi-oivilised bunt 7. If weinay judge from the narrative, the person said: moibe- .o-. eessed' is 'an epileptic, elfering fiom:sdiea ndearly . incurable, and which, in time,.ie produntise of Isasith mental delusions. The reverend and reliOnsgs an who undertook to reljiee ,thLis tient aepnd at leat. have called in some physaian ofjf ljy. 'If we hold that epilepey is to be ncre'.bj'miretlet s4 us eaet. comprehendi tht it is bt'9,oeaeionelbyth preence ofevil spirits. .What, pra^y; habst .pydlojtgrq.qof te fpl of it's nfcy, ofiheigna F aditrect*peronsal. 4ntBastioige.i zqhgi o A', brains, and the~bo*l adthetor ndthe nerroous yeteuir ,fitepaeji/wl y(o of these devils wi can know nothing, andr mlight ap<,; well claim their malignantpr. sene . p, ofp6 ple, ofbrain fever, end i tuitvI4 . is a mournful consideratrio e thsedlys.iny-Snil~t tion (except a oertaini culiivatinp n ilts asep , cal kind) san sare inesofroemj the ljj 4delg imposoible thing*, mid 'bit":til iip4ii aoT eio5,, Rrolunds. 'There'bre edscntedn4¶sJ',m I," p ,1 Kirgsley, E"ninltda iW b eolieve-that §C i was carried rond 'he ceilingbf a rooei.m 1 eatety for man against intelleotualts?'leeu -io- n.'.i teadilY refusing to accept upon hB?iaytetatre ,.owJr;:; : ' upon the conclueions of the senses, appsant nat6rd . 'r laws which cwhich e Tbh .been fnlly." demonstrated by thezipeienc ob(maid. eat tbere be, such a thing isuperna l'lpenai except by the dirert inte'ppoitionl't h9e .4lt.yor reasons which cary' their oalue upon "teirfioe?.i,; whiclh avg conssetent witlg ghs dignity h4CBjapleme Beitk ' [Beut who is the jude of itheoD-nste?.vil, -. Q4] - , . : ..... . ' 