HEKFS AND ttfJVMKS. My pensive pull! c trlurcfom l»ob Bo Bad ; I liad a eruudui'.tlicr. sle had a donkey T.i carrv lo tUo mart her ervkervwon- ; And when tunt d..nLcy imiLcdini' in Iho face, llu faee nas sad, and you an- ga I, uiv public. llrjtcltd Addratn. Launccaton, June \i. 1R70. To (»« F.dilar of the CornimlJ Chronirle. Sib.— I'he Ural portion of my letter mir not seem to hive anything to do wiLh my auhject, so I beg to g-ire your n-ad the wliole of tbe letter they better leave off here. I have adopted the ' -rc' of the Argue that Ibey always put above their lenders as a sort or anlo apolo^y for any lies they are about to stale in the article, viz. -'I am in the place where I am demanded of conncieuce to speak ihe truth, and therefore the I rum A O| if UK, llupU^Q It n UOSO 1181. Whclticr people e.vayi speak the truth when they Blind in the place where conscience d6(n(inus ft, I do Dot knovr. Prrbaps a reference to the doings at tbe Supreme Court Tor the last fortuight might assist any ono in forming a conclu lion, or a letter addressed to my friend Sir Francis Smith, at the Magpie and Stump, Hohart Town, would perhaps obtnitt tbe deiired information ; he known a thine or t»o, though I might say with a fe* of tbe poor wretches on whom be laid his Foritermg bands laf. week— Whul care I how lair he le. If he bo not bir for me. I am happy to state tbat I have no conscience; I found it a great nuisance when J. came t* these colonies, so IrafbVd it among twelve clergymen ' aB tbe pro perty of aicentlcman having no furlluT use for it,' and I have got on very well without ever since ; it was a great bother to carry aT-out with me, ana even if I put it in my carpet bag it was always ifcttinir foul df my boots -or brushes, or something or other ; I know that no one in Lauuceeton could do without one, but use is 'second nature. One, of the chief characteristics of the An°,lo'f-a*on race is a desire to acquire land or landed property. Animated by this acquisitive bump, about seventeen years ago I attended s land sale in Vic toria, and became the fortunate possessor of un allotment 40 feet i 100 feet in Selina.tcrrace, with a frontaqo to a river and a commodious ri^ht-of-way at tlic hack. I hsd no more use for the land than Iliad forBogiteky'sGolden Treasury, nr tbe best bower anchor of a full-risced ?hip. but nevertheless I bouitht il. I haa onlv seen the plan, which looked vnry well Several itemners were painted nailyon (be river passing my allotment, seemingly about every ten minutes. Ou one corner lot there was a church of the early Gothic style, for spiritual refresh ment, and on another lot was a neat public house for spirituous ditto. I may here mention that I found ont after that the whole of theie improvements merely er ilted in (he. drain of tbe draughtsman who drew the plan, the entire navy of the river being comprised in a cattle-punt However, I bought the land, and, like a well-known isnd purebsser s couple of thDuusd years ago, I must ' needs view it.' I accordingly called on the auc tioneer, -who politely said he would send s clerk to show it me, but wsrned me that ..he land was rather swsmpy. This T was prebired for, is he hid listed when telling It, thst the only fault with the lind w«s xhe difficulty in fencing it, the soil being so rich thst potUiud-riil fences took root immediately, lnd'sprouted to quickly thii you had to walk about your properly ;witb a handsaw to keep the «rowta down. I accompanitd the clerk, and. ere at .length urirsd «t where the illolment oueht to be. 'ihr auctioneer i-s- right; it w«s «.»mpy— in Kiel «e lad to get a bom— and dfler borrowing wo pules nliicli were loo short, 1 cot one iboul sevemren feel lotiu, and proudly ouuhed my own properly. 'Ihe hijc lioner » unduubiedly a trulhlul mm ; lie K]«,l,.' t lie iruih. but naauredly not the nhole titiih. The Kit lia.l rrrtainly ? Aalt-r fruntiii,!., but be neglected io min u-n thm il hud alto a water uucliaur. and a water eecb- riidugc. bud a water loppHge ; in fact, il was a perfect t'-i'lotnllcrs' hravcii { no inirUB'Ve Mr L)ix »mo fur the iralcr rale. I never bud. oh I Imve bad to do in J --ti u tires to n, to com plain of Iho water nal b,-iiiC ' turned on ;*' it was turned on in my allotment about two feet six in the siimnii.'r tine, nnd : sbout nineteen Cue. iu ibo winter bcebou. Tlie auctioneer alhO eaid tbe title wus perlecf ; I believe be apoke tbe truth. I never found uny out? trc^p&ssinjj; during all the years I have owned it. I did ouce ecc a dt!Hd bullock flouting ovee it, but be ni.d I ilioutflit \i would uppear uonciyb bourly tu iuiuouiirt liiin. A friend ol uiiim' told mo ii tvfls jiirit (lie land fur rico could Meet with uny one who uudenitoud thu eullirution uf that JVbuvc cereal ; however, 1 cmiftlit at the idea, und in my irill bequeathed ihu land, together with u boolj»,-k, and four or Paul de Ko.'k'n novels to the Society for ihe Conversion of the Chiucae. aa a priza to the lir-t Cuina Thir'ly-uinc Artirles without a miniate .Vow, what has all tbis to do with reels Hud rhymes? elclainu some lool of a reader nho is too impatient lo read firitt. and make remarks afterwards, as Jack Uunsby said, ' I'he moral of this 'ere in in tin; application of it.' Why did I buy this land V I did not want ii ; I was not ricb. 1 ell youlboui;htit,bccaufioin thoiie days a land sale was not a bald buBincrs cioue ham. witb delicate cold fowls, d.intv sausage rolls, and ibe gurgling of pale ale. and ibe popping of champagne was droancd by a bru»s band, hired for the occasion. M unic and her sister aona bare always bad charms for me— ' f-o Orpheus aun^ of old, or poets lie, Aad a* the hruU'tj won; cliana'd, u'en m am I.' I hud Named, and fowled, and sausaged. and dlu-ed, uud champagned, wticu Ihe infernal baud alruck up, ' Home, Hwcft home.' J itnmediaiely began to think how lonely 1 wus ; 1 lliouuht how delightful it would be lo own Und of my own, 1 would marry, 1 would plant Hg-trceo for my w il'e and Bit under tiic'fliudu of it, Ac, &c.; 1 was in too aunliiueulul a mood to bid very high, but just ua 1 washing to leave off bidding, t uo baud struck up ' The night that. Lurry was stretched.' This Gred my soul, 1 nog determined to have ihe ullolmenl, the uutaioueer, I believe, iu vulgar lungujgL', 'irotlod' me ; 1 cured uo', I would have ihc laud, and I got II. [ believe il I la- catalogue had only been in vi'im' I iIijuM liavp Irau-iu ten lots, so and poelrv- A bu..d oo tlioae cccanious were noolhed like myself ' by concourse of sweet sounds,' it dn-w gradually into purchusing, n hile those who had no muaio used to get so savage that I uctually re bylerian clergyman, that got so wild Mint he bought ihe allotment un which the baud were stauding for Ihe sulo pleasure of kicking Uium oil' it. What thrn werr my reeling* the other day when I dis covered that mining, mi vul^r a railing, generally, had « ?- —I i- ' ?? «'i t'i' mums. p'ctics'l' ' A voirfl cried through the btartled air. How suhlime! and what a glorious title director* of the conjpuuy, l - cJioobl- such a Hi'Ul-hri'aihing name; huw much better than taking tome ,,f the appellations cur rent in Victoria ; il Ihe voice had cried through, the started a.r, ' Kiimhonor dio.' ur ' Donki'y-woinun'a United,' it rai_'ht have hcen two mucli lur the mr. and have -uriicd il into lita, liu- Kxeelai.ir completely won me. I have hilhertu ki'pt clear of mining companies, hut X could not witlmtaud tbia ; nbaJee of King Davi.l, j'.'lo, and lirady, and Catuacb flitted Im ture my eyes ; specuUtiveness and conli deuce were mnearcd over me like uppli; saurc over giose, the fcales (1 don't mean in,' *ort u«ed by chreseiuougrra) fell from my eyea. I runlo'd to the ollii-o, and Imv orphans, I auulicd lor the » hole of iliu shurca. This it seeing was iiopo&Bi-; hle ; the l irectors wanted some, and I could only get. ibrec quarters ol' them. At first, I was disappointed ; but, un r*.flr-i-finn 1 traa nnt nnrru f tli.mM kuve lieen lunely with a cuinpany all to myself. 1 ali.iuld bitve bad to throw chairii at niyeelf, and punch my uan bead, call myself a liar, and do lots uf things belonging to a directorship that wuuld be irksome. Tasmania bas, in* deed, strode abend of theutber colonies. 1 bave been in all uf them, and never yet aaw a tuiuitig prospectus witb poetry at the top of it. Nu one, I believe cv. r tbuugbt uf such a thing. It reminds me of the utory of the unfortunate man who was taken prisoner by a wicked, bloud thirety i oraair. For sixteen years (wye tbe book) be kept bis victim in a loath some duugeun, without fmd or drink, when one day, a lucky thought struck him— lie opened the window and got out. VVby the world has so lung neglected tbe aid of poetry in selling shares is now a stupendous mystery tu me. How differ ent might tbe affairs uf tbe L. &. W. Railway bave looked if the prospectus bad ouly been headed with a verse from Dr. Watts. Tbe very name Excelsior is e-Uo BU'h a Imply thought. I have read Longfellow's poems, and, though I don't understand it. I admire it very much. I'erbapn Longfellow himself didn't under stand it wben he wrote it I waa always fond of anything sensational ; even wben a boy, I have spent many a sixpenre io tbe new cut, to witness at tbe theatre the soul stirring drama called ' The Frantic Corkscrew or tbe Bloody Bigger of the Eddystone Lighthouse.' Now Excelsior is full uf mystery. A misguided young man suddenly appears from uowhere in an Alpine village - he undertakes tu climb a high bill lite at night; iu bis hand he carries (not a prospectus) but a ' banner witb tllut bold device1' ; he is warned by several renpectiihle people that he'd bet'er not ; one tells him about a rotten pine tree and b;i uvnluncbe, but be docs not care n tinker's anathema ; even a young wuiuin, who rather itideccutly requests him ' to stay nud rest thy weary be id upuu tbis hreiiBt,' is repulsed (perhaps he was afraid uf an action at law) ; finally he gets to tlie top of the bill, and then seems hardly to know whit he wanted there; after thin, in true theatrical style. be puts himself intu a penny iilaiu and twopence coloured attitude, and gives up the ghost ; the next morning some Monks nnse htm out witb their dogn, and an bis linen is not innrked with any name, rifle his pockets, confiscate his valuables, Mid bury him decently There is no di.uht it is a very touching history I always sympathised very much with tbat young man. I ought to tell you huw nearly 1 roused reading the advertisement of my company. Fond aa I am of poetry. I bave been taken in so often by Ii h Smith's advertisement, which invariably coin* mencea witb 'Though fools scorn Hy. men's gentle powers, ic ,4c ,' that seeing tbe line of poetry, I was afraid i' was a Pill; instead of a cold-mining company, and instead of finding bow valuable the ground was. I expected I should he in furmed that ' there is a great saving in purchasing one of the family bores at 8s. 8d. ;' and in the place of tbe revered names ftpinnringu Directors. I imagined at tbe first glance they were testimonials to the efficvy of the pills, wbich are generally in this style :- ' Sib,— I was, thrangh my own careless neu. rot tn two at Ditcham and Button's saw mill; cured with two boxes.— Yoor'a, ?*.'? . 3.U.' Fin. -I imprudently bought a cnao ,,f ' brandy hy nuirion in Vork-itrect. I after vardHdraiikit.au ueatliuii »nz-d with tunt dt|ircn-iiiu lusii- ofsi.iiitd, \c. ll«r iitg uf jour invnluulile l.ill, 1 Wat cured by one box— Yuura, fcc, C W. Pitt — Soaio years ago I made a voyage in a vessel coroii.ni.de.t liy Captain Mul lock ; the hIiiii'h provi»iuns disagreed with me, and altbo'iRli tbu captain kindly placed ..t my diBpuxul the whole uf the medical comforts (which cunxisttd of two pounds uf Hp.om huIu mid u pestle and tnnrtiir). 1 was sn eiimciuled that I neut iiKboro through the M,.rl-..urd hawse liolu. Meuring uf your invaluable pill, 4c, Ac— Your's, Ac, T. W. Mow, although the Kleelsior Company ia£ made u great stride, und ub no rom pany eould go astray with 1'egasuB in u lip-cart, and the niuo muses with a shovel each, still I say why not go further; why should music nol be added to poetry ; why should nol the prospertuii be eel lo mufic, aad buiir by the Directors in chorus at the Mechanics' Inetilulo. Our wives and daughters could then partici pate in the pleasures of mining. Fancy a solo by thu Munagcr. slating in a bullo song tbut llie quartz had gone mue penny flrf-it*lite, followed hy another solo by the Company's SolU-iLor (dt'Cunipanied by \\\\\n partner on tlie violin), ciiieux; his bill of coslp, R.nrJ druwiiiij tears Irom the audi ence iu e pathetic appeal in (A flat) HRnin.t liuviaj; them taxed. Buninefl» and plea fiuro tni^lit be iIiub plcusJiDtly combined, and alining bt? made ut lusi one of the polite urtB. We nuet, howerer, bo cou witb, uud aa' other comfmnieH vrill un doubtedly follort' up the idea 1 take the liberty of BUtfjjeetitig a few suitable verset for the beads of prospectuses ; some are ^rnrc and some are gay, accord ing to the temper and c .institution of ihe ' Will you walk, iuto my office, said ibe sjndcr to tUe fly. Will you, will mi, 4c' 'Eidnarod.--]mrrw, And to \Vutrrlioufie crose, Tu sec a iliaMjrolioT'B tost gulil lioltl* v-boref, Witb rinprj ud bi* ling.TB, bin (liumb'lo bia uusi, lie will tiui (latlicudd wbcrt-'viT lio gond.' ] ronjotf n you ihould nrvor let Vniiritn^n- pasgionB rise, ' Unv l)]pnt is hf who ni'Vr cinarnts, Will, fihan-brokcPB lo valk. Nor btoiids in Uristom'-Btroct nnrl Hcbctncs Witb Lampion, Dyte, up Clmlk.' 'It-wV-a-bv Siionncy, naj- nnd dun't nton, Wh--n (!,:? t?-UV* Hmct, (li.- crmlle tli.-v'll rock, Vi'hvn tlie Rolil flf ?)-», tlir r^mjmTjy fall, Anddttwncumc llrtlUlut-?^t,ttTili^J^^-vtn^'y,ftTld^^lL' Should these few epecimt'os plca»e any of the proponed companion, I ehall be very happy to treat with them, or I would com poet* nn acrostic od the names of the Directors, if requisite. I remain, yours truly. TOM THE PU'KB. 