TnE BATTLE-FIELD OF SEDAN. ' Dr. Hussoll, in n recent letter to tlio 7'imcs, graphically describes tho great battlo of Sedan, which resulted in tho unconditional surrenderor tho Emperor nnd M'Malion's army. As regards tho caruauR. lie contents himself with tha assurance lint 44 no human eye over rusted on such revolting objects ns woro presented by tho battlo.ficlds around Sedan," and then proceeds: — "Let them fancy masses of coloured rags glued together with blond and brains, and pinned into strango shapes by fragments of bones. Lot lliom conceive men's bodies without head, legs without bodies, heaps of human cntrail attached to red and bltio cloth, nnd disetn bowled corpses iu uniform, bodies lying about in all attitudes, with skulls shattered, faces blown off, hips smashed, bones, flesh, and gay clothing nil pounded together ns if hrnyod in a mortar, extending for miles, not very thick iti any ono place, hut recurring perpetually for woary hours — ami then they cannot, with tho most vivid imagination, como up to tho sickening reality of thnt butchery. No nightmare could he so frightful. Several times I eamo ou spots whero thero wore two horses lying dead together iu harness, killed by tho same fragment. Several limes 1 saw four, five, and six num. four, live, and six horses, nil killed by tho explosion of ono projectile ; and iu ono place there lay no less than eight French soldiers who must havo been struck down by tho bursting of a shell over a company, for they lnv all round in n circle with their feet inwards, each shattered in the bond or chest by n piece of shell, nnd no oilier dead being within a hundred yards of them. A curious, nml to me unaccountable phe- nomcnoti, was the blackness of most of the faces of the dead. Dccompos'tiun bad not set iu, forlhoy were Iriltod only tho day before. Another circum stance which struck mo was tho expression of agony on thuny faces. Death by the bayonet is agonising, and thoso who die by steel, open-eyed and opou-uiouthed, have an expression of pain on the features, with protruding tongue. A musket ball, which is at onco vita, does not seem lo cause much pain, and the features aro composed nnd quiet, sometimes with a sweet smile on tho lips. But tho prevailing expression on this field of the faces which were not mutilated, was one of terror nnd of agony unutterable. There must havo been a hell of torture raging within Hint sumii-irclu in which the earth was torn asunder from ull aides with a real tempest of iron hissing, nnd screeching, and bursting into the heavy masses nt the hands of nn unseen oncmy. Whether tho Prussians buried I heir dead early thu night of tho battle lUblf or -not 1 cannot toll, but their losses woro almost nothing if they were to he estimated by the number of the bodies on thu fluid. ExTiNnmsirttHNT ot Tin: Lights on tub 0 mm an Coast. — Tho Daily Telcyraph rightly declares thnt tho cruohios of the coming conflict1, nnd nil tho crimos against civilisation that it will bring in its train could scarcely be exemplified with inoro feeling forco than they uro iu tho short, dry, yet dreadful communication from tlio Seero. tnry of thu Board of Trade. Tlio Foroign Ofiiea has informed tho Board of Trade, of a notice just issued to " take up tlio sea-marks, to withdraw tho lightships, nnd to extinguish thu fixed lights." A few words oasily written aiul oasily obeyed ; but how much mischief do thoy signify for commerce, and for Immunity I They condemn a dangerous, much frequented coast to total darkness ami blind ness — thoy put out tho eyes of a whole seaboard sought by tho ships of many nations, and sending forth ships of its own freighted with produce of rich plains, destined for tbo world's consumption. Tho Woscr, tho Elbe, tlio Oder, tbo Vistula, thu Niomon— groat streams thnt brought down Cuutrat Europe to tho const, enriching ns they passed Bremen, Hamburg, Stettin, Dantzig, and Memo!, and many othor prosperous towns— henceforth ccnso to flow for nil tlio purposes of commerce; and au idto blank fulls ou tho crowded population, on tho vast capital, which thoir constant traffic but yeelorday mado busy. No doubt, such a result was only to lie anticipated. Germany is especially sonsitivo about her navy, both commercial nnd combativo — about the commercial, porhnps chiefly, because U is to nourish tho other ; and tho last thing wo should ox pcct her to do would bo to lenvo hor rich liver mouths, ami above all, her cherished naval stations of Jnhdo nnd Kiel, nt tho mercy of nn overmastering hostile fleet. But thojvords of tho order striko tho unprepared reader with a sort of chill ; they call up visions of shipwreck, disaster, nnd dontb— of long-absent mariners unwarily np- preaching their nntivo port, and finding " nil dark," liko tlio windows of a houso which a plague lias swept of its familiar inmates. Tlio notjeo sunt to foreign conntrius will, of course, servo Its purpose in warning ships lying in port; but it is bitterly cruel forjho far-off wanderers, who return to find that since they set sail from homo Europe has gone mad. IIortHB Selling. — Facts, says tho Northern Argus, which aro stubborn and uncotnfortabla things, aro continually reminding us thnt wo nro right in our belief, that many of our laws nru wauting in clearness, and that they do not provide equally for tho safoty and security of nil. We havu frequently been wiincs&os; to the introduction, development, und issuo of suits of almost ovory description, and have us frequently felt convinced tlint tlio intricacies and windings which lead to tho palnco of justice, arc us difficult to thread as tlio mazes of Rosamond's Bower, or tho famous Labyrinth of Crete. Now, what cm bo moro un satisfactory than tlio law with regard to tho buy ing and selling of horses? An instance came before us on Thursday which proves how much tho purchaser is nt tho mercy of tho seller, A horse-dealer, well-known iu tho district, sold n valuable curt horse to n teamster, who took it up tho country with n load and then sold him. Tho party who bought him had not had him in his possession moro than n wcok when n person stepped forward aud claimed him as his properly. Tho coiTscqucnco was thnt tho horso had to be given up, and tbo teamster to refund tho monoy ho had received. IIo then, of eourso, cntno upon tho horse-dealer, but from hhn ho could obtain no satisfaction, because ho In hopelessly poor, and is nt proKcnt completely entangled in the mushes of debt. Thus, tho tenmstur must either commence a civil action, without tho slightest chnuco of recovering ono farthing, or quietly put up with tho loss of his monoy. Thero is, therefore, a link wanting somewhere in tho legal chain. Thu law cannot certainly get blood out of n stone, nor forco a mnn to pay his creditors when ho is n com- qdoto bankrupt, but in a case like tho ono we have instanced, surely tho person who sol I the horse to tho teamster ought to be compelled lo shew how ho became possessed of him, without placing tho purchaser to an expense which ho can- not afford. Many wrong-doers thus escape punish- mcut, nnd continuo to sin with impunity until thoy happen to meet with a victim who has both tho will and tlio munns to bring him to juslico. Tho teamster is a poor mnn» ho cant afford to throw away good money after had, nor to indulge in the luxury of punishing a porsou who has injured him, therefore, in a country hko this where thero aro a groat innny of tho chciples of Antolycus (a gentleman who wos famous in his day for removing tho brands from Ids neighbours cnttlo nnd placing his own thereon), nml when people cannot, in most instances, afford to waste either timo or money upon bringing civil actions against those who deliberately rob them, would it not bo advisable for tlio Government to introduce somo measure by wldch thoso who take out roving commissions could he brought lo book at once and bunded over to the administrators of tho law to bo dealt with in a summary manner. Ukmahkaui.y Sudden Death. — Alatobsuoofihu Western /Wsnys: — On Sunday last, Mr. Thotnn Marsh, n farmer woll-known ami much rupuekd iu Mudguo, waa preaching in tho Wusluynn chape), at Rylstone. when bo suddenly expired. Death was so iiistmitniiuuiH (bat before tho parsons present could reach him life wu extinct. Mistaken Identity— Some two mouths ago tho body of a man was found floating in tho river nt Rockhanipton near the upper ferry. An inquest was held, and two persons identified tho body ns that of eno Alexander Stownrt— and ns Alexander Stewart it was buried, und nothing more was heard of tlio affair until n fuw days back, whun the boatman nt tho upper furry was fairly frightened by seeing Alexander Stewart wnlking towards tho boat for tlio purpose of crossing tho rtvor. Not believing however in ghosts, nnd Immediately comprehending thero must bo a mistnko with regard to identity ho pulled Stewart across, who wns not n iittlo moused at tho idea of his having been drowned and buried. "Who could tho poor fellow bo who was found floating? Wis shall havu lo write en his tomb-atom: the satno soil of melancholy epitaph ns that which wo onco saw iti St. Olives church yard, " Here lies Phillip Mnssoii- ger, a slranger." Wo wonder how mnny tbiia perish in the wide Australian, who, if not without a "grave," and without being " uueoffiued ami utiknollcd," uro still " unknown."— Northern Araun. A Fheak ok NATtnu:.— " Tlio Only Respectable Mnn iti Rockhnmpton" shewed us yesterday u sninll hut peculiarly shaped nugget, which ho hud tho day beforo brought from Now Zealand Gully. By holding it in ono position wo could traro a close rcsctnblnneo to n horsu's head, by turning it tbo opposite, that of a dog; by bidding it length ways it presented tho appearauco of n small sheaf of corn; by reversing it thero was «n excellent " prince's feather," whilo nt tho top we could sou something liko a child iu a cradle.— N. A. Fatal Fioiit.— I'otor William Lake, a lad aged twnlvo years, stimuli a schoolfellow oil tho playground of thu school nt Richmond. Victoria, n few ilays since. Another lad resumed I Ito not, and decided ou punishing tho assailant. A fight took place, during winch Luke was twice knocked down, and ou one occasion full with his bund against u wall. IIo got up and went away crying. Uu was put to bed, nml was better thu following day. On thu third day ho was worse, on thu fourth day dulirious, and on tho fifth day died. Death resulted from iiifluui- million caused by concussion of thu brain. Pekjiuiy at geei.onn. — 44 One of tho tranrct eases of perjury that was ever heard in Gccl- ng, or anywhere else, was that," says tho Qeetony Advertiser, " which was heard pt the Circuit Court on Hulurday, und which occupied tho Court from 10 until half-past U o'clock before tho jury woro ullowed to retire to consider their vurdiot. On tho 21st of Juno two men, named Jones nml Tomkins, woro summoned by Mr. John M'Veau for cutting down his fonco on tho 11th of Juno. On tho same day M'Yoan was also summoned for cutting down Jones's fenco. M'Yoan positively swore thnt lie saw two men nt his fonco, ( lilting it down ; that ho succeeded in riding up to them ; nml that, it being , a fiuo moonlight night, ho clearly Identified Jones and Tomkins. UuHbo other hand, Jones and Tomkir.R distinctly sworo that on tho night of tho 1 1th Jutio thoy caught M'Yoan cutting down Jones's fenco. Witnesses wcro on Saturday called to provo thnt M'Vunn could not havo beou at tho fonco at tbo lime men tioned; whilst on tho othor baud, witnesses forlho. defence sworo that about 7 o'clock Tomkhis roilo up to Jones's house, and, after tolling him thnt somebody was cutting down tho fence, both of them wont away, nnd in half an hour returned, saying they had caught M'Venn in tho aot of de stroying tho fence. For this Tomkins wns pro secuted for perjury, and tho case, ns beforo stutod, enmoon lor hearing on Saturday. Do wasdufunded by Mr. Ireland, who Hindu a masterly defence, urging that thero were two against ono, atuHhnfe it required two living witnesses to provo perjury. IIo also nuimndvortod upon tho conduct of two squatters sitting on tho liouch whilo tho case wns being hoard at Rokowood, nnd not leaving until, by an injudicious memo, written by tho polico ningistrnto, thoy felt tolerably sure Hint thd pri soners would bo committed. IIo deprecated their conduct, because it was elicited during tho trial thnt a number of squatters had promised £101) for tlin conviction of tho man Jones for stealing a horso, cow, sheep, or anything.' As tho trial proceeded, and as witnesses lo whom excellent characters woro given npponrod for tho dofcuco, and swore in direct opposition to tho witnesses for tho prosecution, ono could sco astonishment de picted on nlmostcvory faco in court, nnd everybody began to speculate upon tho verdict, nnd oxpross satisfaction that they were not on n jury that had to decide in such a very difficult ease, which could only ho satisfactorily inot by a Scotch verdict, 'Not proven.' Tho jury retired nt hnlfptst f» o'clock, nnd at half-past 8 returned intocourt with a verdict of 'Guilty,' a decision that appeared to crcnto somo surprise, fow boHeving thoy would lmvo arrived at a positivo verdict in so short a timo. Thoy accompanied It with a rccotnmonda- tion to mercy, on tho grouud of previous good conduct." . On tho 20th of Soplcmhor (says tlio New Zea land Herald), tho front of the District Court was the scene of unusual excitement in consequence of a kind of "jubilate" on tho part of the sympa thies with tho plaintiff, Whiriuna Whiwhl, In a caso of witchcraft. Immediately on tbo verdict boing announced, Wilson's party went outside and ' got tip a " knni-lcani"— n sort of dnnco expressing congratulation to tlio successful party, nnd con tempt and derision for tho losors and tlio alleged' god. Tho dnnco wns only indulged In by tlio women, who mustered to tho extent of 30 or 40, who went through tho usnal soubuous contortions, keeping timo to tho somitouos of some excited female, who snng in praiso of Whiriutm, nnd in derision of defomhmt. Tho gestures nnd contor tions of tho dancers Rlieitcd nonls of Inughtur from tho bystanders, who crowded around iu hun dreds. This wns continuod for somo timo, until nil were exhausted. Tho immodinte friends of plaintiff then retired for tho purpnso of procuring food nnd driulc for tho refreshment of themsulvuti and tho symputhiers who wcro present. Upon nrrjving nt a turn in tho road, thoy wore seen brnndisidng at arms' length, bottles of " wnipiro" and loaves of bread. Advancing nt a sort of half jump, thoy kept up a coutiminl chnunt, with chorus, which wns far from disagreeable. Fun nnd jollity were nt thoir height, nud nn enormous quantity of edibles nnd liquids wcro indulged in. After tlio feed, the ceremonies were resumed, hut woro at length put a stop to. 