THE BUSH MISSIONARY ENTER PRISE. IT will be in the recollection of many of our readers that about eight months ago the Rev. T. Jenkyn proceeded to Rockhampton, under the auspices of the Queensland Congregational Bush Missionary Bociety, to take the oversight of the Congregational Church in that town ; and also to undertake an extensive visitation of the di»» triet immediately surrounding it; m well aa a periodical ministration to the settlers residing in the intermediate district between Bockhampton and the Peak Downs; and, if practicable, a still wider field. At that time it was confidently expected that a colleague to assist him in this work would be sent from England; but some months having elapsed without this expectation being fulfilled, application was made to Sydney and Melbourne, in hope of obtaining help from that quarter. This application has been suc cessful, and on Tuesday evening Mr. B. Scho* field, who has completed a five years' course of study at Melbourne, was publicly ordained in the Wharf-street Congregational Church to the work of the ministry, and will immediately proceed to Bockhampton to commence his labors. There was a large attendance at the church to witness this interesting service. This was commenced with singing, after which the Bey. J. C. Kirbt, of Dmlby, read portions of Scrip, ture, which be explained had been selected with a view to show the warrantry of Holy Scripture for the proceedings of that evening, and then he offered prayer. The Bey. Mr. Sataob, of South Brisbane, then gave an interesting account of the origin of this bush mission, and described the field of labor. This, a( first, will be principally in the district between Bockhampton, Clermont, and Copperfield; the Bey. Mr. Jenkyn and Mr. Bchofield alternately remaining in town, while I the other will take a two or three months' tour, calling at every house, and holding services wherever it may be practicable. Mr. Bavage, in the course of his remarks, alluded to the great destitution of settlers in the bush with respect to religious ordinances, stating that while in the towns there was one clergy maa for about every 500 persons. There were nearly 60,000 people in the out-lying districts for whom nothing was provided. The Bey. E. Griffith then put the usual questions to the candidate for ordination, and the replies which were elicited from him were very satisfactory. Mr. Schofield gare the most abundant proof pf the disinterestedness with which he had con sented to undertake the work of a minister; spoke of the influence which a well-ordered home and Christian parents had thrown around his early life; alluded in the most feeling manner to the faithful counsels of a devoted minister, by whose advice he had been per suaded to become a student for the ministry, and concluded with a very clear, intelligible, and scriptural statement in referenoe to his doctrinal views, and the manner in which he proposed to exercise the office to which he felt he had been called by a higher authority th*n any which man can give. The ordination prayer was then offered by the Bey. Willluc D&ira;, of Goodna. This was accompanied with the interposition of hands, by all the ministers. The Bey. B. Obufith then delivered the charge to the newly-ordained minister, ground ing his remarks upon the fourth chapter of the Second Epistle to Timothy, verse 2:—" Preach the word, be instant in season,, out of season, reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long suffering, and doctrine." It will be impossible even to give an epitome of the excellent discourse which was preached upon this suitable text. The reverend gentleman, at the outset, said " they were not met this evening to appoint to the ministry, this must come from God." He alluded to the probability that in the disehatge of his duties Mr. Schofield might feel dis couraged by the small numbers to whom he might be called to preach, but be re minded him that one of the most successful of Christ's efforts was that which was directed to the instruction of only one person, the woman as the well of Samaria. The young minister was directed to preach the word itself; to quote largely from Scripture exactly the very letter of the word; to let his preaching be sus tained by his life, speaking the truth out of the fulness of his heart. Then the exhortation was given to preach earnestly, as Paul, Peter, and the rest of the apostles. How to do this formed the second part of the discourse. In some very practical remarks Mr. Griffith impressed on his young brother the necessity of holding up Christ as (be Word of God; to proclaim His divinity, salvation, justification, and redemption through Him alone ; His eternity and immuta bility, and the necessity for the application of the truth by the Holy Ghost. The charge was concluded with an earnest appeal to Mr. Scho field to be fiuthful in the discharge of this sacred work, and to rest entirely on the Divine promise, that success will surely follow Illsnoh labor. ■ The service was eonetaded with singing and the benediction. We are quite sure that the Bey. Mr. Schofield will enter upon his work with the hearty sympathy of all who know how neoee ssry such work is in Queensland, and we sincerely wish that he may enjoy much and long-eon* tinned health, and great success. 