"REVIEW. i'lik IIOI.Y CI It a ii, axd other poems, ii y am-'rki) texxyso.v, d. C. L., poet Lui re ate. straiian and Co., JjONDON. 1 .870 We aro much afraid that the hope long entertained by the literary world of the nineteenth century being indebted to Dir. Tennyson for its Epic, will not be realised. Whether Mr. Tennyson imagines that .his genius is not adequate to tho continued strain and demand on its power, which the creation of an Epic must necessarily entail, or whether he does not consider the Epic style to he adapted to the present tinte, we do not know. But that the Laureate w:!l never givo the world an Epic, such as critics of the old school meant by that term, may now be safely admitted as a truth. Yet we do not think the nineteenth con tiny ought to grumble. If Mr. Tennyson lias not given us an Epic, lie lias, tit all events, in eight idyllic pictures, given us what the majority of his readers will probably like quite as well. And so old-fashioned critics may say what they please, since this fact is patent to all, that the Arthurian legends have been made use of by Air. Tennyson as ..a. vehicle of an immense amount of tho beauty of true poetry, whether it lie epical, idyllic, or what not. Mr. Tennyson's genius is often condemned as being both mystical, and tran scendental. Well, it is so. But, paradoxical as it sounds, it is also at tho same timo simple. However subtly bis allegories are wrought out, there is always running through them a broad current of the spirit of strong true humanity. He possesses in common with the noble com pany of the great poets that " wisdom of humanity which is superior to any amount of talents " whatsoever. He has lines, which though simple enough to ho words of counsel to childhood, are yet full of abstractions over which philosophy may piofitubly ponder. Though a poet of intense thought speaking chiefly to earnest thinkers, he has verses after verses which are strong to arrest and spell-bind even the listless. In his verses there is no mad jangle or tinkling trash ; like his own Arthur, he ever speaks — " AVit.li simplo words of great authority." The story of Arthur and the Bound '.ruble is a poet's protest for the true, the noble nnd the good, a lay utterance to the text that the wages of sill is death. It is stained with )to sensationalism of the Braddon school, with no fifth-act terminations where Ladies with (Jamelias receive martyr crowns. AYe see Lancelot, brave, gentle, knightly, but deeply erring, not set up for a false hero worship, but as a man to lie sorrowed for ; one also to bo hoped for and loved, too. Mr. Tennyson's genius never throws stones at tho guilty, neither dons it canonize them in sensational I'nnlheons. One of tho most striking features in the poems before us (as in all the Laureate's works) is the marvel Ions fidelity to nature which meets one on every page. Take for example these lines on thirst from the Holy Grail, which we feel sure many un Austral inn can realise as true : — "And on I rode, nnd when I thought niv thirst AVould slay ino, saw (loop lawns, nnd then a brook, AVitli ono slnirp rapid, wlioro tho crisping wliito Plny'd ovor back upon tlio sloping wave, And took both ear nnd oyo : and o'or tlio brook AAroro apple-trees, and apples by tho brook Fallon, and on tlio lawns. "I will rest hero," I said, "I am not worthy of tho Quest;" But oven while I drank tlio brook, and ato The goodly apples, all these things at onco ! Foil into dust, and I was loft nlono, And thirsting, in a land of sand and thorns." Or take these from Lucretius, one of the poems in tho volume now Ix-fore us : — " Storin in tho night ! for thrice I lie >rd tlio rain Rushing; nnd onco the flash of a thunderbolt — Mothougbt I novor saw so (ioreo a fork — Struck out tho streaming mountnin-sido, and sliow'd A riotous confluence of watorconrsos Blanching and billowing in a hollow of it, AVlicre all but yestcr-ovo was dusty-dry." But with all his enthusiasm for nature, Mr. Tennyson is no Pantheist. In the workings of the material universe ho recognises grand nnd harmonious Law ; but, with a logic severely simple and true, he sees beyond that Law the God of Law, whom in His works ho reverences as tin Almighty Father. These works are to him not now till intelligible, all finitely measurable, but bis search into them, his curiosity about them, is tempered by a patience content to wait until when in the happy isle " AVIicro falls not hail, or rain, or any snow, Nor ovor wind blows loudly," lie shall be enabled to see all, even as he is seen. That his love of nature is untinged by Pantheism, tho following exquisite untitled fragment forming one of the poems in the volume now under review will fully show : — "Flowor in tho crannied wall, I pluck you out of tlio crannies; Hold you here, root and all, in my hand, I.ittlo flower — but if I could understand AVhat you are, root and all, nnd all in all. I should know what God and man is." Mr. Tennyson is often blamed for being artificial, and that lie is so is undoubtedly true ; but he never sacrifices .strength or truth to artifice, which in his sense must be inter preted wholly in a good sense, as he is never tricky. Ho ever has in his heart of hearts too much dread of "Tho phantom husks .of something foully dono" to seek for popularity by basenesses of any kind ; and all bis words speak this for him that he " never sells the truth to serve the hour." Those wlto wish to form a complete idea of the Arthurian story as told by the Laureate must read "The Holy Grail" in connection with the " Idylls of the King," published some years ago ; and the idylls from the two volumes must lie rend in the following order : — "The Coming of Arthur" from the book now under consideration, next " Geraint and Enid," "Merlin and Vivien," and "Lancelot and Elaine" from the older volume, then "The ITnly Grail" and " Pel leas and Ettarre " from the new one, " Ouincvre " from Llm "Idylls," and lastly, in the new volume again, the ter mination, "The Passing of Arthur," which is a reproduction of the " Morto d' Arthur," enlarged and perfected. In "Tho Coming of Arthur" tho miraculous origin of the great hero king is described ; also his marriage with Guinovro, and the fair beginning of the Order of tho Bound Table when "Arthur and his knighthood for a spaco AVcro all ono will, and thro' that strength tlio king Drew in tho peRy princedoms under him, Fought, and in twelvo great battles overcame The heathen hordes, and mado a roulm and reign'd." The chief poem of all the idylls is " The Holy Grail," tho second of the contents of the new volume now before us. The "Grail" was "tho enp itsolf from which our Lord Drank at- the lust sad supper ivitli bis own ;" which cup afterwards was said'tohave received the precious blood which flowed from Hiswounds on the cross, and xvhich Joseph of Ariinatluea. is alleged by legendary history to have brought "from tho blessed hind of Aro in at- " to Glaston bury in England. From its shrine at Glaston bury the holy vessel miraculously disappeared, and hence the quest of it became the. noblest ambition of knighthood. Several of Arthur's paladins essayed to recover the mystical cup, and it is their adventures which Mr. Tenuy- "Mon records in the idyll of "The Holy Grail." The ono knight only to whom tho achievement of the adventure was permitted was thu virgin knight, the pure Sir Galahad. The story is written as if related to a brother hermit by Sir Percivale, who had passed from the trade of noiseless arms " into the silent life of prayer." Percivale's sister, a nun, with eyes "Beautiful in tho light of holiness." had told him of the Grail, and tired him with the great wish to search for it and find it. She had told him how — waked at dead of night — she had seen the Holy Cup, "rose-red with heatings in it," the quiverings of the Saviour's blood ; and he had spoken of this to all men until an intense desire flamed tho hearts of sonic to see the vision also, and so be honied. And many among the knights swore that tliey would ride, a twelvemonth and a day in quest of it until they found and saw it. But Arthur did not take tho vow, being engaged at the timo wlien the others made it in doing right piacticnl work, for the good of the people over whom he ruled. Of all, Galahad only sees the Grail, nnd thus ho describes it : — "I, Galahad, saw tlio Grail, The Holy Grail, descend upon tlio shrine ; I saw the (lory face as of a child That sinote itself into tlio bread, and went; And hither am I come : and never yet Until what thy sister taught mo lirst to see, I'liis Holy Thing, fail d from my side, nor come Cover'd, hub moving with mo night and day, Fainter hy day, hub always in tho night Bloud-roii, and on the naked mountain top Blood-red, and in tho sleeping more helow Blood-red. And in tho strength of this I rode, Shattering all evil customs every wlioro, And past thro' Pagan realms, and mado them mine, And olash'd with Pngan hordes, and bore them down, And broke thro' nil, and in the strength of this Como victor. But my timo is hard at hand, And hence I go ; and ono will crown ino king Far in tho spiritual city ; and como thou, too, For thou shult soo tho vision when I go." AArlion tho unsuccessful knights return, the King sadly reproaches their visionary effort, telling t-heui that man " May not wander from tho allotted field, Before his work ho dono ; but, being dono, Lot visions of tho night or of tho day Como, as they will ; and many a time thoy come, Until this earth ho walks on seems not earth, This light that strikes his eyeball is not light, This air that smites his forohoad is not air But vision — yea, his vory hand and foot — In moments wliou ho fools ho cannot dio, And knows himself no vision to himself, Nor tho high God a vision, nor that ono AVho roso again : ye havo soen what yo havo soon." " Pellnas and Ettarre " is a story of old romance, of love, devotion and adventure, so consecrated by genius that tho unrealities of fabledom aro lost sight of in the light of its extreme beauty and loftiness of idea. "The Passing of Arthur," the story told hy hold Sir Bedivere, is marvellously grand. The descrip tion of the battle " on the waste sand hy the waste sea " is very and awfully true in its fidelity to the nature of such scenes : — " Nor over yet had Arthur fought a fight Liko this last, dim, weird battle of the west. A dcathwhito mist slept ovor sand and sen: Whoreof the chill, to him who breathed it, drew Down with his blood, till all his heart was cold With formless fear ; and ev'n on Arthur foil Confusion, sinco ho saw not whom he fought, For friend nnd foe wore shadows in the mist, And friotid slow friend not knowing whom ho slow ; And somo had visions out of goldon youth, And somo bohcld tho faces of old ghosts Look in upon the battle ; and in tho mist Was many n nohlo deed, many a base, And chance and craft and strength in singlo fights, And over and anon with host to host Shocks, and tho splintering spear, tho hard mail hewn, Shield-breakings, and tlio clash of brands, tho crash Of batfcleaxes on shattor'd helms, and shrioks After tho Christ, of those who fulling down Looked lip for heaven, and only saw tho mist; And shouts of heathen and the traitor knights, Oaths, insult, filth, and monstrous blasphemies, Sweat, writhings, anguish, labouring of tho lllllgS In that close mist, and cryings for Lho light, Moans of tho (lying, and voices of tho dead." Tho end of Arthur, his wound, his dying slowly by tho mere, the hurling back of bis sword Excalibur by Bedivere into the lake, are' all known to the world by that earlier poem of Mr. Tennyson's, tho Mortc d'Arthur, of which, as wo have said, this is but a reproduction, yet we cannot keep from quoting us our hist extract Arthur's words before lie passed away : — "The old order cliangntli, yielding plueo to limv, And God fulfils himself in many ways. Lest, ono good custom should corrupt tho world, Comfort thyself: what comfort is in me '( I have lived my life, and that which 1 have done May He within himself nuke pure! but thou, If tlion shouldst never see my face again, Prav for my soul. Moro tilings aro wrought by prayer Thau this world dreams of. Whercforo let thy voice Rise liko a fountain for mo night and day. For what are moil better than sheep or goats That nourish a blind lifts within the brain, If, knowing God, they lift not hands of prayer lJoth for themselves and those who call them friend? For so the wliolo round earth is every way Bound by gold chains about the feet of God. But now farewell. L am going a long way With thuso thou scest — if indeed 1 go (For all tny mind is clouded with a doubt) — To (ho island-valley of Aviliou; "Whore falls not hail, or rain, or any snow, Nor ever wind blows loudly ; but it lies Dnop-incadowed, happy, fair with orchard-lawns And bowery hollows crown'd with summer sea, Where I will heal mo of my grievous wound." Mostot the other pooms in the hook we do not consider as being by any means up to Mr. Tennyson's mark. " Thn Northern Farmer " is weak and insipid, and not deserving a place in the volume at all. " The Gulden Supper" is founded upon a story of Boecacio, nnd possesses some lines of great beauty. "Tlm Victim " is written to prove that, to man the wife is dearer than the child. " Wages" is a very fine lyric, containing this question fur the sceptic — " Tho wagos of sin is death ; if tho wages of virtuo ho dust, AVould sho have heart to onduro for tho life of tho worm and tho fly ?" "Tho Higher Pantheism " we republished in our last issue, nnd tho " Flower in the Cran nied Wall " is the fragment already referred to. The last and best poem in tho volume is " Lucretius," which, if wo aro correct, was previously published some yours ago in ono of tho magazines. There aro some .admirers of M'r. Tennyson so enthusiastic tlmt thoy cannot, or will not, see any defects or weakness in any of his productions. We are not of that number., hut yet wo roebmmond'the. earnest perusal pf "The Holy Grail " to all with whom true poetry finds favour. They will find in it many defeets, hut more beauties ; for every utterance too metaiilivsieullv profound to lie fathomed hv mere cursory reading, they will find pages full of simple and strong words which tliey who run can rend and understand. And more than that, thoy will find no one word in it which can hv any possibility either olli-iid the pure- minded or alarm tho orthodox. If not llm fulfilment of Hie promise — not given perchance, hut understood ns if given — of an Epic, this volume contains at least the completion of a very perfect poem, and is further proof that M r. Tennyson is worthy of a place amongst tlm great master-singers. lie, in it, has horue a port's testimony, in words which will daily more and more become "household words," to the value of Life's best things — to the glory of chastity, the beauty of truth, the dignity of labour, and the sanctity of home. 