THE COMMISSIONER AT IMBIL. Yours, &c.;, IMBIL. SIR, —Any constant reader of the Queensland newspapers most by this time be pretty well acquainted with this official. I hare lately perused some correspondence, both in your own and other journal*, which U anything but fair. In the first place, it strikes me that newspaper correspondents, in dealing with a public-paid servant, should scrupulously adhere to the truth, as both his position and prospects are at stake. A correspondent in the Comrier of M»v 19, under the signature of "John Xelley, has departed from this course, perhaps unintentional]/, or through being misinformed. To be continually brought con spicuously before the public must be a most unpleasant thing, and more particularly so as in Mr. Clarke's ease, where there is substantially no right of reply. As a Commissioner Mr. Clarke's tongue is tied and his pen paralysed. I have been, Mr. Editor, a resident upon this gold-field during the greater portion of the tun* Mr. Clarke has held oftoe, and bar* been eon staotly thrown in his way in matters of busi ness which had to be transected through his department In ooort and out of court I have felled to discover any reason for the wholesale way in which ho baa been assailed, and I therefore feel that erro neous statements should not go uncoa tradieted. I will not trouble you farther, but will at once proceed with Mr. KeUrj, your cor respondent. Without denying the accuracy of Mr. Keller's statement with reference to this being the beet gold- field in the colony—fearing him to the enjoyment of his own opinion-^! oome to his first cause of complaint As a pre lude to his attack upon Mr. Clarke, he assails that gentleman's honesty of purpose in adminis tering the law. He says by inuendo that his defect*™ and malartminiotrativa acts have driven oapitaTand open competition from the field, to give place to rowdyism and penury. How, Sir, the absence of capital from this field is attri butable to several causes. The people of Brisbane have never received a penny dividend out of dozens of speculations they entered into here; they have been swindled of their money by specious and lying statements, and they are very justly thoroughly sick of the plaoe. As for ob taining capital from the neighboring colonies, there is not the ghost of a chanoe of obtaining assistance from them. Both Victoria and New South Wales are kept pretty well posted up, and in oonsequenee two or three schemes which were going to be floated in the Beilarat market were blocked before the actors bad an opportunity of even making a first appearance. Mr. Clarke was certainly not the cause of this oatastrophc. The registration of claims upon the Imbil rush, and so soon after its opening, did, at the first blush, certainly appear strange, and excited a good deal of conflicting opinion, and was to my mind an ill-advised step; but the causes being ascer tained—namely, continuous rain and want of provisions, tools, and money by the miners— explained aIL But, Sir, the prosperity of the gold-field is not the real stimulus, I fear, which has actuated Mr. Kdley. He, without further parley, comes to the real aunt belli. After stating that "capital has fled from Imbil" (there was never any there, or required, the ■inking being at the deepest 35 feet), he goes on to say that in the case of Boyle v. Kift and others, Mr. Clarke's conduct was eon damnable on the ground that he had partaken of » glass of wine, or come refreshment in the same house or in the same company, with the defendant*, and that he treated with the utmost contempt the address of the attorney for the plaintiff. Kow, Sir, Ido not know whether Mr. Clarke takes a glees of grog d»—lda. I did oa thai wmmsm. I thinks* that particular occasion I drank by myself, m I waa busily engaged. The laat statement v utterly falae, the attorney for the "jumpers" either had no defence, or at anyrate said he intended to reserve it for the Supreme Court, as U was the intention of the jumpers to appeal. Well, they have appealed, and they hare jumped) let them jump again—l hope they will jump the wrong way. If any one thing more than another tends to the non-introduction of capital it is "jumping"—another word for thiering. You are pernape aware, Mr. Editor, that of late this has become quite a profession, in which all, lawyers included, go in to win and divide.— 