MIDDLE LIFE. BY JAMES DTJNLOP. Chapter TIT. A Fall. It vma the last bright morning that Henry Bertram was to see on this side of the grave. It was a Saturday in the month of November. A thin layer of snow had been on the ground in the early part of the week, but a day or two before a complete thaw had taken place, and on this morning the sun shone out brightly through the intervals of drifting clouds, the shadows chased across the fllnnoa a mil*] smifnoriir liWAam* -aroa Hi/inrino and everything promised for a day such as foxhunters love. 41 1 think I must just have one last ran,' said Bertram, as he looked from the breakfast room window. *' This morning is really too tempting.' His wife looked up at him quietly. 'How will you ride, father?' asked his flAYi l-ioTii*cr_ £f V/mi mill mioo nnni* PAf)rtn!« ***? the fences if you go' ' Oh I can take the easy places,' replied Bertram, half thoughtfully. 'I think old Paddy will carry me over. I tried him at the cow paddock fence the other day, and he took it pretty well.' ' I should not like to trust him.' t-ut in George. ' He has looked very queer about the legs lately. Sunning in the gig has not improved him.' ' Be careful, dear,' said Mrs. Bertram. ' You know how poor Knox was hurt last season, and Paddy is getting very old.' 'Oh I'm not afraid of him,'* returned Bertram, carelessly. ' I shan't force him ; if he won't take some of the jumps, we chnll inst- hairp. tn trn rnnnd iTiom tlrnt'o all ' A pause ensued. ' Well, do you think you will go, father ?» broke in Henry. 'Yes, I think I shall just once more before I give the thing up altogether.' *' You can tell Willie,' he continued, rising, ' to put the saddle on Paddy, and see that he girths him up tight.'* It is the last pull that breaks the chain. Mrs. Bertram looked fondly and proudly from the window on her manly husband as he leapt into the saddle and seated himself firmly on his horse. She thought she had never seen him look so well in his scarlet coat and black hunting cap, and as he kissed his hand to her and trotted briskly out by the gate, the memory of old and better times came back upon her, a slight flush rose to her pale cheek, and her bright eves looked brighter, yet a little sad. The meet was a large one. Many kindly greetings were bestowed upon Bertram as he rode up to the crowd of horse men, who were waiting for the throw off. il Glad to see you again, Bertram,' shouted a stout old gentleman, the master. ' I thought we had lost you altogether.' not intend to run again, but the morning was so unusually fine I could not resist having just one last galop, then I give it up for ever.' ' That's a long time to give it up for,' rejoined the other, smiling. 'I hope you will change your mind.' ' By the bye,' he added, ' how is Mrs. Bertram ?' Bertram looked serious. ' She is a little better at nrp.sp.nr. thank you; but I am very much afraid that the winter will go hard with her. She is very delicate.' ' I hope your fears won't be realised, then,' said the stout gentleman, and shaking hands with Henry he moved to another part of the group. 11 Do you think your animal will carry you through, Bertram,' asked another ; ' he looks as if he would be very clever at a breakdown. What have you done with your old Roderic ?'' ' Sold him long ago,' rejoined Bertram, and patting his horse's shoulder, he continued, 'but I think Paddy will go all right. I shall not push him.' *' It would be as safe not to,' returned the other, eyeing the horse; 'he doesn't look much of a hunter.' At this moment a loud ' tallyho ' was raised from the cover, near which they were standing, and the hounds, which had for some time been beating about the underwood, broke through the fence, threw off across country, and bore away full cry. *' W/i'va ln#»Ir\r tlitc mnrninrr fit? .TnTfo I' Ai*ta/T the gentleman who had just been speaking to Bertram, and giving bridle to their horses, the two galloped swiftly away, well up in the field. Paddy behaved admirably at the beginning of the ruu. He took some fences in surprising style. Others Bertram was obliged to skirt. The chase was getting hot and fast. The bounds were closing on their game, and ' By Jicgo, you'll be in at the death yet !' shouted one of the leading sportsmen as Bertram pushed his old horse well to the front. *4 I'll try, you be bound,' shouted Bertram in return, and letting Paddy feel the temper of his spurs, be took a leading place among the eager crowd of horsemen who were racing to be in at the finish. Away they scampered over a lea field full tilt, Paddy and his rider being third from the froct. ' Mind the next fence, Bertram,' shouted the master, who was leading, as they neared a thick thorn hedge. Henry was too excited to listen to him, but pressing his spurs into his horse's flank, pressed boldly forward. The first horse went over, elosely followed bv the second. ' H'j'ou, over !' hallooed Bertram, giving his hon?e a smart cut with the whip. Paddy rose to the jump, but failing to clear it, he struck his fore feet on a rail which ran along the top of the fence, and horse and rider rolled over. On the other side was a steep embankment at the bottom of which was a rough country road. On to this road Henry Bertram was pitched on the top of his head. ' Good Heavens ! there's Bertram down !' exclaimed one of the two leading horsemen loudly, as he looked back at the jump. The other reined up instantly, and they returned quickly to the spot where he was 13- ing. u I thought that old brute would put his foot in it,' said the first sportsman, as they rode uo. u He'll never jump again, anyhow,' he added, as he glanced at the horse lying motionless where he had fallen. Dismounting, the two gentlemen proceeded, with the help of one or two others who had come up, to raise poor Bertram. A few drops of dark blood escaped from his nose as they lifted his head. *' Gone ! I'm afraid !' said the master, as he looked at Henry's deathlike face. *' Send for a doctor,' cried another, and a pair of horsemen galloped swiftly off to the next village to fetch the surgeon. More than half-an-hour elapsed before they returned. When they came back they brought with them the village doctor. He examined the prostrate man carefullv for a few moments. When he rose he said calmly — ' He has been dead for half- an-hour.' A deep silence prevailed among those around. ' Skull fractured ?'' asked one, quietly. ' No,' answered the doctor, ' his neck is broken.' Chapter IV. Breaking the News. The Rev. Dr. Gilruth sat in his darken ing study. Saturday was a busy day with him, and as the evening shut out the light, and the fire began to throw weird-like shadows upon the crimson paper on the walls, he did not light his lamp, but sat dreamily gazing across the table at the pulsating flames that played in the fire. How like the flame of life they were ! How they quivered and pulsated! How they burned vividly or waned ! How they blazed up and went out ! Here one that had been sputtering and blowing for a minute suddenly vanished in smoke. There another, bright, calm, and quiet, burned steadily on. These two flames set the Doctor a-moralising. The one, he thought, was a life full of turmoil, and strength, and noise which suddenly Btops. The other was a life calm and light, which amid little outward bustle lives on aad is useful ; and, when it goes out, leaves a warmth and a glow behind it. What little things will set men thinking ! The good old minister would have sat there moralising there is no saying how long — his piercing grey eyes peering into the crumbling fire — but a drowsy bird screamed out querulously from among the branches of the tall old cypress tree that waved and dipped and nodded outside of his study window. He looked up startled, and the snow was falling. Two large white flakes came down from the sky and settled upon the cypress, and the bird was stilL Then followed a crowd, whirling and eddy ing, and the air and the sky were dim. The old man sat watching their ceaseless feathery fall, and he would have set to musing again, for the night wind had begun to sigh through the branches of the cypress, and he was in the mood for thinking, hut two horse men came, grey through the snow, and rode up to the manse gate. They dismounted, tied up their horses, and walked towards the house. They were in sporting costume. What could Captain Craig and Mr. Cunninghame want with him at that time of the day ? wondered the old Doctor ; he hoped that nothing was amiss. Only those who have lived in Scotland can have a clear idea of the confidence that is placed in the minister by all classes of the community. And what marvel ! He christens most of them, marries nianv of them, and buries them all. In their troubles they seek the minister, and he, if he be a right man, will console them. In their times of joy they go to him, and he, if he be a right man, will reioice with them. There are some, alas ! and with grief be it said, in whom this confidence seems to he misplaced, who find in it food for gossip and twaddle, who wander from house to house and say '? It is said,' and ' I have heard.' Dr. Gilruth was none of those. He would rejoice in truth with the happy, and his words were meant to be balm to the widow. Thus he was often engaged as the bearer of evil tidings, and right gently did he perform the duty. He had something before him for this night. The bell rang, and the visitors were ushered into his study. He received them cordially, and the first greetings over, Captain Craig proceeded to explain to him the melancholy cause of their untimely visit. As Mr. Bertram's minister, they had eoine to ask him to break the news of the unfortunate man's death to the widow. The good man's astonisninent and grief when he heard of the sudden removal of his friend and a member of his church, were genuine and ill concealed. ' Man's days are as grass,' he said musingly. 'God does truly move in a mysterious way.' His visitors offered no comment on this speech, which was made as if the speaker were lost to everything in the world but the thought of the dreadful tidin.es which were ringing in his ears. ' He was a fine fellow,' said the Captain, thoughtfully. ' He is a fine fellow, my dear sir,' re turned the Doctor. ' He is no less beautiful a character now than when he was here, but is rather glorified and more beautiful. Still his sudden calling should be a warning to us all to be in readiness for the coming of the Lord, For He coaaeth like a thief in the night, and no man can tell at what hour or moment he may come.' The two men before him might have been good enough in their way, but they were not accustomed to what is generally styled religious conversation, so they offered no encouragement to the minister to continue in his moralising mood. An awkward silence ensued, and he changed the strain. ' Do you think Mrs. Bertram may not have heard the sad news already ?' he asked, abruptly. Cunninghame was one of those men who pride themselves upon calling everything by its right name, and who accordingly designate all communion on matters of religion as nothing but *- cant.' He had begun to fidget a little under the minister's first remarks, and, as he told his companion when they left, thought they were fairly in for a sermon. He breathed a little more freely at this turn in the conversation, and, as if afraid that the opportunity for changing the subject might slip, answered quickly. 'Oh no, she cannot know. We have come straight from the place where he was killed, about six mileB from here.' ' It is a sad duty I have to perform,' said Dr. Giliuth, sorrowfully, ' and I pray God to help the poor widow. There is no time to be lost, however,' he continued. ' HI news travels fast, and some one may break it harshly to the poor woman.' 'Can I lend you my horse, sir,' said Craig ; ' he is very quiet.' ' Ne, thank you,' replied the minister ; ** I do not ride. Besides, I shall be there soon eoougn ; 1 nave much to think of on my way. You will excuse my going, gentlemen,' he added ; ' you know I shall be glad to see you at anv other time.' ' Thank you, Doctor,' said Craig. « It is time that we were home too, I think. For my own part, I can tell you that I feel any thing but comfortable. This affair of to-day is the second of the kind I have seen, and I do not wish to see any more. It looks dreadful to see a man in full health and fol lowing after sport taken away all of a sudden like that.' ' We ought to have ©ur accounts always right with the Almighty,' said the good old man, smiling and shaking hands with his visitors as he led them towards the door; 'then there is nothing to fear. Goodbye, gentlemen.' The sportsmen rode off, and Dr. Gilruth proceeded to equip himself for his walk. ' Where are you going, Tom ?' asked hi3 wife — (how the parish children stared to hear her call the minister Tom !) — as she passed through the hall and saw him muffling himself up in his great coat and woollen comforter. ' I am going to New Friars,' replied he. ' It is not likely that anyone will call for me. But if there should, I shall be back in about an hour and a half.'' ' You will not wait for tea. then?' ' I cannot.' His wife looked into his face. ' I hope nothing has happened ?'' she said, laying her hands upon his shoulder and gazing anxiously into h- s eyes. ' I will tell you when I come back, dear. I shall thea have more time to talk with you.' A shade passed across Mrs. Gilroth's calm face. ' Mrs. Bertram is not ill ?' she persisted. 'I will tell you all about it when I return,' again said the Doctor, and kissing her tenderly, he opened the door. The wind was from the north, and the snow was falling. The moon had risen, and her light shone dimly through the falling snow. Doctor Gilruth walked fast. He was a hale man, and not so old as he looked, and the evening was cold, so he went as quickly as the snow would let him. He walked past the old beech plantation. The wind bad sunk from a sigh into a breath, and from a breath had died away al together, and a little pile of feathery snow was upon each slender twig. Sometimes a dead withered leaf overburdened by its little load would sink to the ground and make a rustle and a spray as it fell. Sometimes a half-frozen bird disturbed by a weasel would run out into the twilight from its shelter in the hedge, and hop in again, leaving its little tracks to be filled up by the fairy snow. A hare broke from the wood right in front of him, and limped slowly and silently across the fields into the dim. light. The engine at the coal-pit clanked dully, and sent up at every. gasp a great vaporous ghost through the snow away into the -sky ; and the old minister was planning how he should break the terrible news to Henry Bertram's widow. * * * * * Mrs. Bertram was looking from her parlour window, and the snow was falling. ' Your father is late,' she said, addressing her son, who sat reading at the table. ' They have had a long run, I expect,' re turned he, without looking from his book. Mrs. Bertram looked out again. ' Here is some one walking this way !' she exclaimed, suddenly. ' Come, Henry, and see if you can tell who 'it is ; it is not your father.' 'PI10 vnnna i-nan xxranf. in t.nA winnAV. ' It looks like Dr. Gilruth,' he said, when he had examined the approaching figure for a few moments. 'Where can he be going?' asked Mrs. Bertram in tones of surprise. ' One of the cottagers up the road may be ill,' said Henry, and returned to his book. ' He is coming in here !' again exclaimed Mrs. Bertram, as she saw the minister open their gate. ' What can he want ? Oh, I hope nothing has happened to your father, Henry !' and a look of pain passed over her pale features. ' Nonsense, mother,' returned her son, smiling. ' It is some church matter he munion is to-morrow week you know.' The bell rang, and Betty opened the door. She had been in the family nearly all her life, and was a great champion of the minister. ' Losh preserve us, sir,' she said, making a low curtsy, when she saw who it was. ' This is an awfu' nicht for ye to be oot in.' ' Can I see your mistress, Betty ?' said Dr. Gilruth, not heeding her solicitous remark. ' Oh, deed ay, sir, jist stap ben to the drawin' room wull ye, an' I let her ken wha's speerin' for her.' The minister did as he was bid, and Betty bustled into the parlour. ' The minister's speerin' for ye, mistress Bertram,' she said in a whisper, as she entered the room. ' For me !' ' Yes mem.' ' Where is he ?' lie a 1 Luts urawiu ruuiu, mem. ' It must be cold there ; ask him if he will be good enough to step in here.' The minister was ushered in immediately. ' I did not expect this pleasure to-night,' said Mrs. Bertram, smiling as he entered. ' I am very sorry Mr. Bertram is not at home He cannot be long in returning. He has only gone to have one last gallop after the hounds. Poor fellow, he has not been out for a very long time,' she added, as she saw the minister's grave look. He looked at her sorrowfully, and no word would come to his lips. ' Why, what is the matter, doctor,' con tinued Mrs. Bertram anxiously, as her welcome received no response. You are dis appointed at not finding my husband at home ?' Tho old man held one of her hands in both of his ; he looked pityingly in her face and said tremulously — ' He is at home, Mrs. Bertram !' To be continued. 