A PLEA. FOIR THE PLUMP. (From the Nnw York Tribune.) The fat men's organisation, in fact, the organisation of any truly fat man, must per force have claims upon our attention, not to say our wonder. It is a large association, and its influence is widespread. Any men sure which fat nien combine to carry must have weight. Should they resolve to exer cisd a pressure upon public affairs we fear that common interests will have to give way. Conspiracy with such a body of men, be it mercantile, or social, or political, counts at the start upon an impregnable background of defence, and an overpowering invincibility of temperament. Withal they are a most use ful body in the widest sense of that word. The very wheels of progress are in some manner oiled with the substances of these comfortable men. Jn short, anything which they, do in common ought to have the interest of an event. Whether they sleep like a happy herd, or open their eyes together, whether they laugh as it were in chorus and shake themselves like an undivided sea, or whether five hundred of them feed like one, they must be a delight to generous imagina tions. Now we have made more than a tailor's allowance for the extent and character of the fat movement; but here at the eleventh hour comes somebody to scold us as a libeller. "Good humor and fat reciprocally produce each other," says this unnecessary champion; "and where there is none of the former, thore can be but little of the latter, and that unhealthy." Though the lean ghosts of Hood and Phmnix stare at us, shall we have the heart to deny this one monster virtue so dear to the heart of every fars man l Think of them for a nmonment without it-no better than withered gourds or collapsed balloons. " WaVs avaricj ever the sphincter of flit men's hearts " We should think not. "Do they evercomobine to run up the priceof provisionsa' We hope not. "Job in health was fat," says our borster, " for he mentions leanness among his afilietions." Bet we did not under take to be advocates of emaciation. We miebt have ventured a speculation with reference to the seeming dilliculty in many instances of Job's doctrine of the resurrection in the flesh; but we lot that pass. " By far the fattest man I ever know," proceeds our critic, " was the courteous and kind hearted D.H.L., a member of Congress for several years. In bulk he was equal to three ordin ry mortals, and, to his credit, his heart seemed proportionally oenlarged. Intellect in him was as unclouded ao in that lean trio. Alexander Stevens, Henry Clay, and John C. Calhoun." BUt was it not, not to put too finn a point on it, a rather fat intellect P We should marvel to think what fires of intellectual rage and domestio affection would consume the planets if fat men's hearts and brains were always in proportion to their bodies. SFar be it from our purpose to exalt skin aniid bone. Heaven knows .it is :no crime oxaetly to be fat. Moral man have done it, pieachers and the like, public boenefactors ut that. Portly men of a relieious habit could hardly have sinned by neglect of penaneo in thoe good .old days; their fat was a sufficient mortifloation-bat we forbear. There is no law we know ngainst getting what is usually called[full,nd if a school were opened to-morrow lor the training of ydutl in the way they should waddle, we doubt not it would have in round unmbers a groat many pupils. The ahorubs are plump, aisd the young loves are Waddilovos. There would seem to be a di? tinct and privileged place in creation for goiod fat nibn anid' boys-a kind of Fatland here: and hereafter. Even the plump must die, not 'always of apoplexy; we hope-and this consideratian brings to'mind thatt " the sighing and grief which can swell a man up so," place a truly fat main, like a truly good man, chief among the mourners. But there is that in a round countenance that smiles upon despair, like corpulenco on a monument. We think of fat, ruddy-checked men dying without tragedy. Mortality quizzes them, chokes them with their own mirth. They are killed by the prosperity of the flesh only, like Copids smothered to death by pillows. Death tickles them with a straw, and a louder laugh than usual shakes the life out of them. Now, Wihoever says that our fat men are only the sleepers of the social railroad, and so disposed that engines of lean enterprise may run over them, does not know whereof he speaks. We venerate the lean man's cause, bdt for the fat man dare to plead. Any fat movement must be necessarily slow, and it will be some time before such a cause can prepare a' platform sufficient for its weight; but in the event of a struggle for superiority, the cause of emaciation and anatomy must go to the wall. The fat movement, in brief, is simply a demand for elbow-room, and as one for added suffrage it ought and will be of the broadest character. Think of these solid men groaning under the oppressions of the franchise, and crying out against custom I If lean men have one vote, why should fat men not have two Z Two, did we say Why not vote entirely by avoirdupois, and so give the fat men's association a whole district at once? 