BRISBANE. Monday, G p.m. Thc nomination for Nortb Brisbane took place to-day. Tho candidates proposed wore Dr. O'Doberty, Messrs. 8. Fraser, Kdmondjtone, Pugn, ¡larding, and Pring. Tho show of bands j was in favour of Pring, O'Doherty, and Ed uiondstone. Harding domanded a poll. To-dayhaabeen observed asagcneral Holiday in celebration of the landing of Governor Blackall. Tile Caledonian Feta was an immense success the proceeds, which are to be devoted to tbs, Hospital, netted over £100. 4500 persons wera present. ? IFrom Ute S. M. Retold.) ' Vioroniâ.-Melbourne, August 8.-Dr. t. Ii Smith bas announced himself as a candidate in ibo room of a member retiring by rofation.-m.t is stated that the flnlmsbury reservoir will re- quire from £20,000 to £30,000 to repair it. Tho onion crops in the Geelong district have boen attacked by worms.-Dr. Burnsdale hos applied to tho Board of Agriculture for tho samples of nil tho winos exhibited, for experi- ments.-Thc flood al Wentworth ia two inches higlior than that of 1807.-August 4.-Smith, convicted of tho murder of his wife by beating, at Hotham, was hanged this morning^r-Wait, also convicted of tnurdoring his mato at St. Ar- naud, is to suffer the extreme penalty of the law on the 15th instant.-»-Power, thc bushranger, arrived at Melbourne gaol to-day, and will be esnt on to Pentridge ¡ a great crowd assembled ia tho vicinity of the gaol.-Sir James Palmer has retired from political life.-August 5. Meetings of thc National Insurance Company, Australian Insurance Company, and the Com inercia] Banking Company, worn held to day. Ko dividends were declared. The Australian escaped' a motion to wind up, which Was nega- tived by 26 to 18. Sonni AESTBAXIA.-Adolaido, August 4. The Governor has received a telegram from Lord Honet, chairman of thc British Telegraph Com- pany, atating positively that the cable will he lauded at Fort Derwin, and not mentioning soy arrangement with Queensland.-A motion passed the Assembly approving of the mail being landed at Victor Harbour, in thc event of the P. and O. Company refusing to come to Holdfast Bay. August 5,-After nine years of defeat ;Mr. Coglin hus obtained a vote of £100 for an , annual Queen's Plato, to bo run for hy horses bred in the colony.-Motions were passed in. both I BTousos yesterday, for an address to the Queen, praying her Majesty for the removal of the present restrictions to the froo interchange, of products and manufactures between the Austra- lian colonies.-Another bottle hos boen picked up at Lacepede. Bay, thrown over from alînited States frigate, to ascertain the course of the current.-The corn market is very firm at Ss. 69. offering, but na sellers. TASMANIA.-Hoborton, August S.-At 8 meeting of tho Executive Council to-day, it was decided to accept Captain Oopto's proposals for tho construction of ii main lino of railway, sub- ject to thc approval cf Parliament. IAN opportunity will bo afforded to-nigbt o j fleeing Baclieldcr*s beautiful diorama £aradiso I Lott, ot tiie .School of Arta, «hero- a select entertainment is announced by special request. WE learn from Dr. Robertson, «bo vas called I in at the death of. tho' late Mr. George Sefton; .j that it resulted from ecrouB. apoplexy, and that the cause of death «as eb clear a's to render a magisterial inquiry unnecessary. Bv inadrortcneoj tho poll for the election o'f ? tho Sepiration Committee liss bein .appointed tc take place to-morrow, in tho School of Arte, the day and .placo fixed for the annual meotiug> ot tlie Benevolent Society. The poll will com-, induce at 9 a.m. and close at 4 p.m. A BOBBE and tip-dray loaded with earth wes being backed to thc edge of the river bank at the foot of Fitsroy-stroet yesterday afternoon, whou they slipped over the bank and down the slop» some dozen feet, fortunately without any injury to Iiorse or dray, and both were shortly afterwards recovered without much trouble. WE are glad ta learn from the Brisbane i Courier that preserved meat will be shipped ie ! large quantities for some mouths. One vossc! alone, the " Indus," having engaged to take 4000 cases. This meat consists almost exclu- sively of multan preserved iu tins in a cooked state, at tho works of Mossrs. Tooth, at Clifton Tnn European Mail of 17th June suppliei thefollowing : -" Sir james CocUo,ChiefJuste of Queensland, has boen elected a member of the London Mathematical Society. Mr. Jobi Watts, formorly of .Queensland, has recently taken tue lease of a most beautiful maturion and property in Gloucestershire." WE-arc reqdested to state that in placaof'tb* Town .Hack Boee, for which there were only two entrañóos, the Stewards har« decided on eubsti tuting a Hack Sweepstake of £2 2s.; ones round the course ; tor all hacks ; weight for agc ( post entry ¡ qualification, £1 ls, A DEAD body was reported to have beon seen in the river on Thursday evening, but as after inquiry from the police and others, we can get no corroboration of the rumour, wo conduelo that the lady who was said to have seen the corpse was j mistaken. We hare a .ghost slorj or two on band, butvritbhold them nntil there is a greater scarcity of interesting topics than at present. . Oatt Clermont correspondent's telegram informa us that at thc nomination yesterday, Mr. Do Satge had the »how of hands, the voto» being 1G to 10. But this must not be taken as indicative of the result of thc poll. Xhe bulk of tho electors reside at Copperfield, four or dre miles distant from Clermont, and it is pro- bable that of Mr. De Sstge's eixleen supporters, many were country gentlemen who have no vote but always muster strongly at tho Germon) nominations. A SPJSCIÜ meeting of tho Port Curti9 ¿nd Leichhardt Districts Hospital was held in the Court-house yesterday afternoon, nt four o'clock, to "investigate charges made against tba dispenser." Thc charges were that he had on several occasions left tho dispensary unlocked Iaaa accessible to tue patients, and dist lie had been absent from tho Hospital without leave from the Doctor. Ho -admitted the second charge, and tho Committee were of opinion that a reprimand vas sufficient to meet tho case. SKVEBAII racehorses arrived by thc " Queens- land " yesterday, from thc southern ports. From Brisbane, Mr. Stott'e Senator; from Mary- borough, Mr. Fknnery's Gladfield, Charlton, Mountaineer, and Mountain Maid ; and from Gladstone, Mr. Wilson's Vanish. Mr. M'Dor niott's Ccutipcdo and Sir Walter, and Mr. Buddie's Duko of Atbol bave not put in au appearance. The Gympie races took placo on Wednesday and Thursday last, and at Charlton non thc Gympie Plate on Thursday he bas not lust much time. A TOOTO man, named Henry W. ¡Lomond, whilst nttempling to cross eomo bulls (nliicli he was taking from Messrs. Archer's Gracemere Slat ion to Herbert Vale, near Cardwell) over tue jmzroy uiver at ïaumba, on Sunday cran- ing at eil o'clock, was drowned. Iiis body had not been recovered last evening. Mr. W. A. Martin took dinner with deceased on Sunday. Deceased waB three years and a-half on Mr. Peter M'lutosh'a station, Springsure. Two nuggets, with other gold, arrived in town from Kroombit yesterday. Ono contained over 40 els. of pure gold, and six or seven ounces of quartz ; the other contained 4 oes. of'gold with an admixture of quartz. A 6 oz. nugget, a beautiful specimen, came in from the new 8tony Creek diggings yesterday. It waa reported that a monster lump of gold from the same quarter creased the Ferry at three o'clock yesterday afternoon. Sis mon armed with remirara crosBtd tho Ferry shout that hoar, and one of the parlj who was carrying a bag, told the bystanders that they had a big nugget in itj and inquired whether ¡they wera too late for th» . Banks.. As far as we can learn, however, the j , men failed to give ocular demonstration of th* truth of their story, and it may hé regarded afc '. a hoax. . ; ' YESTEIÎDAT being thc anniversary of tho arrival of Governor Blackall, waa pro- claimed a general holiday. Without inlcndiug the slightest disrespect to Governor Blackall, wo protest against the creation of a now holiday in this.tnsnner. General holidays should never be proclaimed without duo notice, and then with discrimination. Government officers are not usually over- burdened with work, and it is not right that the publie offices should be closed wben the owners of no private establishments think of suspending business. I Ax an cally boar on Saturday morning some yoong sparke, who had been imbibing rather j .freely, commenced tb ploy_ some jniscbierous I pranks in East-street, patting out the publioans' lamps, damaging 'eiign-b'oatds,' ana removing I barbers' poles. Fortunately for themselves and ' the public, they were caught by a^fary ihop I keeper in flagranti delicto at an early stage of I their proceedings, and to avoid going into the «police court jjromised< to. J>ay;for all tba damage done. Wo withhold names on this occasion, hoping that tho mention of the subject will have ' a deterrent elect in future. Tm: anniversary services ''of the ' BapTut Church, in Benisen-stroet, irene held on ..Sunday lost; the Bev. B. Hartley preached in the morning, and Ber. C. Wiles' in the evening. In thc afternoon, a Children's Service wai .cop ducted bi'M>. T. W. TErson,' when' the 1 children . Bang soma pieces very creditably, and ; the service was altogether of a most interesting oharacter. The Primitive- Methodist School and a.school from the North Side of the Biyer, oon- j j, neoted with the Presbyterian body, were present on the occasion, and the building waa ' Veil filled. A public tea meeting ia advertised to take, pl »oe ia the Church this evening at half past six o'clock. .ti. , THE following wet« thc whining horses at the late Gympie and Maryborough races :--Gympie Maidon- Elate bf SO sovs., won tty MV j Anphibald'a Spot, Mr. ShanJt ¡Tamboy «ecand ; 'tbs Mineral Purse ttaadicap-'of >it eoVe.';4rith a sweep of 3 BOVS., hy Mr. frown's g.g. Nonde- script; Qf mpie. District "Plate oL6,^on. each, with '70 sovs. 'add¿d,Jhy 'Mr. Fhmnery's'lj.ti. Charlton, Mr. H. S. M'Dertnott's Sir Wolter 'second. Tho Aldborough Biitjriojj,' Phjtejof 2 »OTB each, with 20 sova-aaded, was won by Mr. O'Connor's ich-ov Slue, down ; the : Co rintliian .Stakes/of 20 «ova., added to a sweep Of £2 each, by Mr.'O'Connor's b.g. Hermit, Dilke of Athol second ; the Maiden, Plate of 25 «o vs., added to £210s. sweep, Mr. J, Nolan's Cried' field; tho Maryborough -Gnp Handicap of fit «ovs., Mr. W. Buddie's b.g. Dake of Athol Fishhook second, the Consolation Stakes wen taken by Miokey Freo. IB tho Supreme -Court, Brisbane, ¡ih-the In solvent Estate of John Ward, of Rockhampton ' adjourned third sittings, Friday, August 6 (Insolvent ptosent¿) debt« were proved by Î h. Dibdin, £26 14«. ; Charles Pipers, £17 l7i lld.; W. B.Prizeman,£94i.6d;; Caporn'an Bockcrlog, £28 2s. 2d, Claim by the Bank ( New South Víalos for £5407 5s. 6d., ordered t stand over for proof io, chambers. The inso vent was a grazier at Rockhampton. , Th official assignee reported no assets realised, bi the docdB of some property at Bockhampto hare lately been obtained, which will, realise small amount. Debts proved, £749 4s. Sd one ¡edger, one journal, three bank pass-boot with sundry cheque batts and papers, had bee handed in, but they afforded no information af j the nature or extent di the insolvent'« trans actions, or the -state bf his affairs ; the firm of j Messrs. Headries: and Livermore, of Bonk bampton, previous to 'tho assignment of their' estate, seem to have bad the entire managment of the insolvent's affairs, when tba New South Wales Sank, as mortgagees, entered into possession of the properties in the estate. Sitting closed. Certificate sitting Sied for Sep- tember 18. . The latest intelligence from New Zealand dully ie satisfactory. We are informed on re- liable authority that there are twelvo elaina bf four men each in the gully, which are yielding, from £8 to £14 per week per man. Other claims there are in which gold is being got, but not in paying quantities. In Quinn's Gully, no one -appears to be doing much except the prospector. Our informant estimates that the ground at present opened up will give employment to) about SOO men for two or three months. There are from 800 lo 900 men- op the ground, many j of, whom are engaged in prospecting, with every hope of success, as the country is very likely looking. Wo aro requested to caution miners intending to try their luck at the new rush that it ia useless to go unless they are prepared for prospecting. Thora is a very large extent of .auriferous country in the neighbourhood, but every inch of known payable ground is taken up. Water is already becoming scarce jn the gullies, end 'carting has' been commenced, the charge beiug 2a. 6d. per load, including theme of cradle and trough. In the creek below tho township there ia abundance of permanent water, 'and provisions are plentiful and cheap. . lhere is also abundance of gross for horses, and a man has started a ." tailing mob," end his charge is reasonable. The .minera in Wow Zealand Gully aro putting up good permanent humpies, which pretty clearly; indicntos their opiuion of the ground. The township is going ahead i a conder« raoul and a'bitlkrd toom.'hs.vc been erected. Ibo population has considerably increased during the last week. Within thc past day or two a number of Kroombit diggers hara crassod tbs river. There were reports in town yesterday of a rich quarti reef having been discovered at or near Mew Yeoland Gully, but ire are not as jct in a position to giro any authentic information on this .point, beyond that our inquiries lead us to tho conclusion that there are grounds for tho reports alluded to.-Mr. Jardine liss consented to register all the claims from next Wednesday night until tho following Mosiday morning, to afford the diggers an opportunity of attending the raoe meeting at Kocktmmpton. We are informed that the per- mission will be largely availed of. 