SPORTING. "Peeping Tom" on the Melbourne Cup hrses. In the Australasian- of August 6th "Peep ng Tom" remarks on the various horses' chances for the Cup, and we extract the aolluwing as relating to the Tasmanians entered or that event : Of STROP no 'notice is taken. Of Bxenopsnouanye he remarks that two miles is beyond his ken-who, in connection with Valentine and Phosphorus, are all too ambitions to travel further and faster than their nature will allow them, and although almost turned loose, I am afraid were not born under a Melbourne Cup star. Now we come to three horses of a better stamp, viz., Free trader, Palmerston, and Paddy's Land. Of PADnnY' LAND he writes:-Ever since Paddy's Land ran Glenooe such a good second for the Spring Handicap in the year Glenooe won the Cup his owner has seen a Melbourne Cup, looming in the distance. He was in excellent form last year when he unfortunately ran against a post, and unshipped his rider half a mile from homb ; he was close on to the winner, and running strong and well within himself. This year he is under the charge of Stephen Mahon, whose manage. ment of Barwon ,-and. Shenandoah is a guarantee that Paddy 'won't be found want. ng on the score of condition. The little horse can travel all the way, but whether he be quite good enough to win a Cup is a question which I should answer in the nega tive. COrOnasroaTa may be very good in his proper place, but will find a Melbourne Cup far beyond his ken. He was thoughts deal of in Panic's year when he ran for the Lsunces. ton Champion race. Since then he has been doing dutyat the stud, and can be in no way improved for racing+; besides I have my doubts if he will now stand a preparation, that is to say, one that is necessary for a great event, for no half-trained horse can have a ghost of a 'chance when that two miles is ra"ed from beginning to end. Mess: Wiurnrs, with Saladil, Stockings, Patience, &o.;, will find themselves quite out of their element; they may be very good for troxton Park, or the like, but they are not aristocratic enough to mix in good society. 