OPENING1 O THE (EOUMENICAL COUNOIL, The QGoumonieal" Ounoil wat opened on Dooomber 8. Amid the ringing of the bells of all tho eoolesiastical' udillocs in the oity antd anlvos of nrtillory from the Oastle of San Angelo and Mount Aventino, the proeoosion formed in the UIlpper Atrium of the Vatican, doaoondod the Saln Tuogin, and passed through the seer AAtrium into the anthodral. Rle gul.tr and sooular olorgy woro ranged on , oither side, and the proeoosion consisted of hix Arohbishop.'rinees, 40 Cardinals, 1.I1 Patriarohs, 080 Archbishops nod ~S Abbots, and 20 Generals of roligious orders. Int nil about 800 ecoa?esistieo preceded Ctie Pope, who was carriod into the Oethadrau in the gestatorinI chair, Ilid,i?lliness first knlilt somo time beforo thoe 8aoramoont and tho assembly then took their plahoes in thle Couunil.hall in seven rows. After mnass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the Atchhishop of Iconium pronounced the inaugural dis. course. The Pope, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave his benediction, tho ceremony being carried out in exact accordance with the State programme. The tribunes of the Counoilhball were occupied by the sovereigns and princes present in Rome, the members of the diplomatic body, Generals Dumont and Kanzler, and the inoman and foreign nobility. The Coun. oil-hall presented a most splendid anti imposing appearance. After giving the benediction the Pope received the homage of the members of the Counoil. The ap pointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times invoiked the aid of the lHoly Ghost for the Couneil, e hymn to tthe Iloly Ghost being sung by thie choristers. Persose not monembers of tihe Assembly then quitted the hall. The Prelates ap proved the decree opening the Council, the To Deum followed, nod the ceremony terminated. The Empress of Austria was present in the gallery set apart for foreign sovereigns. The weather was very bad. On December 9 the Pope read to theo members assembled a short hlnily, in which he said that it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Counceil on the appointed day, and to see the bishops ansembled in greater numbers than ever. They had come to teoch all men the voice of God, and to judge with the Pope under the auspices of the Holy Spirit on the errors of human science. The Ohurch was stronger than Heaven itself; and now was the time to consider what remedies were effiancious against the present evils. The Bishops should strive with him to oeep peaceful. ness in the monastories, order in the Cihureb, and discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, he invoicked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and the Holy Angols, The fourth sitting of the Goneral Congrega. tion was to be hold on Deceolber 28. After the election of the committoo ap. pointed to consider the questions relating to religious orders, the assembly will probably enter upon the discussion of oer. tain proposals regarding dogmas of faith. Duelling is among toe subjects announced for discussion by the (Ecumenicol Coun. oil. The debate will be opened by the Bishop of Privas. Among other mutters of speculation conneooted with tho Roman Catholio Council it has become a question, not merely what those reverend soiguiors will say (if they are to say anything), but how they will say it. Latin, of dourso, is supposed to be the officinl tongueo, but at a little rehearsal hold the other day they oame to signal grief at once on the question of coneooting the address to his Holiness in answer--more parlamentico -to his speech from the chair, for it was fround that all the Latin available did not suffioe for a common conversation. A few American bishops proposed to substi tute French, and things went on smoothly for a few minutes in the tongue of the Gallicans, when the Bishop of Reggio protested against the profanation. Mat. tors of the Churoh could only be treated in Latin, he said, the Vulgate being writ. ton in that holy tongue, and some one even suggested Christ and tile Apostles as having spoken that tongue. And so the Latin debate was resumed by the few who had mastered the language to a speakable degree. The others sat in tilonoo, but when it came to signing the address they did sign it all like man. The following are the names of those who form the committeeo on Angliohn Orders in the Vatioan' Council:-Cardinal Reloiaroh and aullon, the Archbishop of Baltimore, with Drs, Manning and Ullathrone. Ilad Dr. Newman been in Rome, he would have beeoon asked to not as their secretary. The Tites' correspondent gives us, its the fol. lowing description, an admirable idea of the varied characteristics of the crowded tteonding on the proceedings:--' Of ooutso London, with its throe millions, can got up a larger multitude of men, on a good many oneasions; but it coutl not he anything like so strange, so motley, so pieturesqeio, and so surprising. Imtigine all the figures in all thie pictures of ealurohes, countries, cities, villages, by all the Italian and all the Dutch artists, walking out of their frames, just as they are, and you have the crowd in which I have boon wandaring.lilce a mote in a sun. Ieam, .I am living in company with Raphael, Titiau,'Paul Veroneso, and also Tonitrs; for I have never soon more botutiful drosses, never more qluaint, never motre savage and unoouth." Do. scribing the service, he says :-" Strange. as it may seeoom to Euglish ]Protestant ears, the servies was incessantly going on at all the .altars in the church ; congroe gations were assembled at thIeom, .bohells wore ringing, and responses were chanted, antd overy now and thoen theoro was a pro cession, with: bell and candle, froms one part'of the church to another, In tlec very midst of the sightseoors, oeouleiysg cverywhbdre thle most coemmanding poosl tions, from tlhesalightest to the mst dsn gorous olovtition,.priests wore oelohrnting miass, as if they were aloise in tho vast solitudes of Sthe old. basilias hiero, I must add that overy ton :nisnutes the word of command'was given in no gentle voieoo to some bodiosof'soldiers, to clear atn avenue, psuslm hack a crotrdi, or mssko some:new sombinatiisn. This ithey isd stmo'i'nos to dosia tile faee of strsnsol ro-. monsstranoes. IsLer donto Iho navo 1 hoar the thieves were playing tiheir trads;s with aonertiod attemps at disor'der." 