MONDAT, MAY 23, 1870. . THE annual commemoration, at the University on Saturday last differed little from the usual celebrations. Still there are satisfactory indi- cations of progress. The advancement of Dr. Morrison Thomson, whose -labours for the promotion of the study of science have not been unobserved by the public, to the office of professor of geology and mineralogy, will meet with general approval. Every orne who knows anything of the colony will concur in the remark of the Chancellor as to the great public benefit which may he derived, in a country so rich as this is in the precious metals and other mineral resources, from instruction in these sciences. A full course of. mineral analysis and ' assaying, illustrated by the apparatus and materials prepared for tho purpose, fur- nishes an opportunity of which we trust many enterprising young men will avail themselves. Both thc Chancellor- and Dr. Badham referred to another substantial ground for congratula- tion,-the increase in the number of students Who matriculated this year, and tho decided improvement in the standard of proficiency they exhibited, as compared with the candi- dates of former years. This proves increased efficiency in the mode of instruction in the grammar schools and other schools which prepare youths for the University. And thia may be regarded as one of the chief benefits that the University was designed to effect, raising the tone of general education, and stimulating intellectual training. Many par- take of the benefits of this impulse who never make their appearance at the University. The speech of Dr. Badham was, as usual, lively and emphatic; and being delivered with his clear sonorous voice won the ear of the audience. The utterance of sentiment on so important a topic, before a gathering of the -eHtc of the community, by one who occupies tho highest position in the colony as an educator, is designed to arrest public atten- tion, and challenges criticism. We should be sorry to turn in any degree the edge of Dr. Badham's forcible appeal to tho conscience of parents, as to the duty of securing to their sons the bost education accessible; or to divert attention from his very excellent remarks on the value of that refinement which, without abating the powers of action and endurance, allays thc bitterness of social conflicts and elevates human life. But the learned Pro- fessor made some assertions which, for the sake of education, and of that generous love of truth and honour which it is the aim of educa- tion to inculcate, it is necessary to criticize. Giving Dr. Badham the credit he claims for sincerity, and for the depth of his convictions on the subject, we cannot admit the force of the argument on which he bases that claim. As if to sot off his own really clever speech, by making it appear that his subject was ono which no person of mere ordinary talent could handle with any eclat, he declared, that educa- tion "offers no field for originality, except to such as have a mind to theorize in vacuo." Now there is scarcely ono among the subjects of human thought which presents so wide a field for. originality as education. With every advance of mankind in the exten- sion of knowledge or the cultivation of art, education must make a corresponding step. All that mental and moral philosophy disclose to the minds of the most powerful thinkers has a direct bearing on the art of training the minds of the young to intellectual and moral excellence; .Every extension of the fields of human knowledge and enterprise calls for a modification in the process of education, or at all events a reconsideration of that process by those charged with the direction of it, in order to prepare the young for the new forms of duty and of opportunity which these movements open before them. Almost every novelty is, therefore, reflected moro. or less upon education. We grudge not to Dr. Badham the praise duo to his originality of thought and expression ; but truth will not allow us to pass unanswered his assertion of tho barrenness of the subject out of which he contrived to bring so much enlivening thought. He has the richest of all subjects to treat of ; and is bound to show originality and force of thought in treating of it. Then he adopts another mcde of exaggerating the greatness of his own work, by assuming thata considerable proportion of the people are animated by a hatred of Latin and Greek." Truly the work of one who occupies the position of Pro- fessor of Classics in the University of Sydney is great in respect to the ability required, tho responsibility attached to it, and the results that may be reasonably expected to flow from it. The learned Professor has therefore no excuse for endeavouring to exaggerate his work, or to invent unreal difficulties. He has giants enough to conquer, without creating an imaginary army of pigmy "Liberals," whose chief claim to the title rests on their "hatred of Latin and Greek," in order that he may achieve, in the presence of such a fair and brilliant assembly as that which listened to his words on Saturday last, the mighty feat of scattering that impalpable host to the winds. We all know that Liberals and Conservatives, too, who know nothing of Latin or Greek, are not easily convinced of the benefits to he derived from the study of those languages. The same is true of every branch of knowledge, of which any man is ignorant. The only effectual way to make him believe in the value of such know- ledge, is to teach him what it is, or to show him what others have accomplished by means of it. No doubt there are Liberals who, to their own disadvantage, are utterly un- acquainted with classical learning ;. bat in- difference is not hatred ; and liberalism is not chargeable with instilling that indifference to knowledge which is the natural result of ignorance. When Dr. Badham endeavoured to raise a laugh at the expense of the Liberal party in the colony, by ascribing to them, as a mark of their liberalism, the " hatred of. Latin and Greek," he must have forgotten the instances in which Toryism has sought to prevent thc introduction of classical studies. He forgot that Marcus Portius Cato, the leader of tho Tory party in Romo, resolutely set his face against the study of Greek, while tho Liberal leader, Scipio, diligently cultivated the study pf Greek literature and art. The liberal spirit [has in this age undoubtedly attacked, the exclusive devotion of schools of learning to Latin and ?braid be early initiated into the elementa of tho** Mteneea whioh hare daring the present I century thrown a marvellous flood of Ugh tl around tho physical condition of man and of the universe of whioh he forms a part. It has ' urged the necessity of some acquaintance with tho practical soiences that minister to the power and happiness of man. There is no attempt to crush out the classics ; Int only to make way in the curriculum of study for other subjects of thought. His ingrained habit of exaggeration led Dr. Badham into still another great mis- representation. He urged the necessity of Univerity education " to resist the encroach- ments of that barbarism which is visibly coming upon us." Truly this Mumbo Jumbo style of academic terrors-this attempt to frighten people into tho support of tho Uni- versity, will not do for New South "Wales. Where is the district in the whole colony where " barbarism" has mada any encroachment on civilization ? Waste lands cultivated, publio school» mutliplied, associations formed for municipal im- provement, for the advancement of various useful enterprises, schools of arts estab- lished, churches as centres of religious influence and charitable work set up in all settled parts of the country,-these are not signs of barbarism coming in upon us. It is a pity that Dr. Badham, having a great and good cause to plead, and being endowed with no mean ability for its advocacy, should have recourse to exaggeration and misrepresentation, in order to set oír* in a more imposing manner' the work he is zealously and ably carrying on. Let him devote his talents more unreservedly to the diffusion of intellectual light, and not exercise his graphie powers in deepening, on the pictures ho exhibits to public view, the dark shadows of the background. LIFE OP THE KEV. DAKIEL JAMES DEAFER.-The heroin death of this minister of the Gospel, who went down into thc depths of the sea in the London steam- ship, calm amid tho awful scene of destruction, assuring his fellow-passengers that though they could never see land they might all rnako tho port of Heaven through the great Captain of Salvation, has, doubtless, awkened in many minds a desire to know more of the lifo of a man whose end was so remarkable. The Kev. John O. Symons, long associated with Mr. Draper, has mot this desire in a brief compendious memoir, pub- lished in Melbourne, and sold at the "Wesleyan depot, 95, King-street, Sydney, and at GC, Paternoster-row, London. The principal part of Mr. Draper's lifo was spent in Australia, and his name iahittorically associated with the progress of Methodism in South Australia, Victoria, and New South "Wales. Bis biographer has, therefore, introduced, with the record of personal incidents and reflections, derived chiefly from the diary of Mr. Draper, essays on each of these colonies, espe- cially in relation to tho state of religion and the development of Methodism. "With the Wcsleyans it will doubtless bo a standard work, and to all other readei-3, both " tho scene of moral sublimity which invested tho horrors of tho shipwreck with almost a halo of glory," and the spirit of Christian enterprise manifested by tho subject of the momoir during a lifo identified with Australia and diversified with incidents well rotated, must render this an attractive book. Thero are appendices on the State-grant, Adelaide, mission to the Victorian gold-fields, the aborigines of Australia, Bor. B. Young's visit, plan for affiliated con- ference ; Victoria, Wesleyan education ; Victoria, general education ; Rev. W. Hill (murdered iii Pent- ridge prison on the 14th May, 1SG9), and the loss of the London. FLOODS nf GIPPS LA>'D.-By telegrams in the Mel- bourne papers we learn that there have been severe floods in Gipps Land, but on the IGth the inundation at Bairnsdale had subsided. No lives were lost, but property to a large amount has been destroyed. Mrs. Gingell and Mrs. Chapman and child, after having been rescued from the river bank, were upset close to the »hore, but by the exertions of Mr. A. W. M'Lcod and Dr. Morrison, all were rescued. A committee for the relief of the sufferers by the flood has been iormed, and £00 has already been collected.-Advices from Sale, to. tho 18th, state that the floods still continued to spread over the country, but, fortunately, without loss of life, with the exception of one miner, who was drowned at Walhalla. There was a heavy rain on that night. Tho largest floods are now expected every moment down tho low country. At Clydebank the rush of water is something fearful. At Heyfield, the Thomson River roso seven feet in two hours. The mail arrangements of Cobb and Co. were very satisfactory, notwithstand- ing those trying circumstances. COKCHOLOOT.-Mr. John Brazier, corresponding member of the Zoological Society of London, whose ' ' Observations on the Distribution of BulimuB milto cheilus in the Solomon's Archipelago" was printed in the proceedings of the society on the 11th March, 1S69, leaves town in a few days on a conchological tour to tho north of Sydney, viz., Manning P.iver, Port Mac- quarie, Richmond River, icc. As very little is known at present of the mollusca of the Manning River, it is Mr. Brazier's intention to work those places well for new species. « PBIUCE OF WALIS OPERA HOUSE.-Tho attendance was somewhat meagre on Saturday night, surprisingly so, indeed, considering the great popularity of the opera produced-" La Sonnambula." Those who were present, however, could not but have enjoyed a real treat. However, as the opera, as sung by this com- pany, has already been noticed in detail, it will suffice to state, that it was most excellently rendered throughout. '* Norma " will be reproduced this evening. BOTAL VICTORIA THEATRE.-Satnrdaynightthixtheatro re-opened to a tolerably fair attendance. Tho drama of " Lucretia Borgia" was the piece.selected, and Madame Marie Duret sustained the character of the heroine. This ia one of the talented lady's most artistic imper- sonations. She played it with a grace and spirit which completely vivified the part, and elicited tho warmest approbation from the audience. Mr. Hatter played the Duko Alphonso, Slr. Flintoff Gennaro, and Mr. Taylor Maffio Orsini. Tho performance concluded with Mr. John Courtney's burlesque, "Fayre Rosa- mond." In intrinsic merit this production is immeasurably inferior to ¿Burnand's extravaganza of the same name, but it is nevertheless well put together, and not devoid of a considerable amount of that description, of humour which is the characteristic of such plays. It was written expressly for Mr. and Mrs. George Simms, and as Ye Fayre Rosamonde and Ye Queen Eleanore, they acquitted themselves a merveille. We ore glad to perceive a lady of so much talent as Mrs. Simms (or, in her theatrical namo, Miss Laportc) again upon Sydney hoards. As Queen Eleanor she was well received and lavishly applauded. Mr. J. K. Taylor's Yo Kynge Henry IL, and Mr. S. Poole's Ye Lord do Clifforde, were both meritorious productions. Miss Kate Ryder in the (for her) insignificant part of Yo D.oubledyno, made the most of it. To-night " East Lynne " will be produced. FLOODS AT CARPENTARIA. -A telegram from Towns- ville from inspector Coward has been received at Brisbane. He says-"My barracks on the Norman River were flooded on the 1st of February, and had elsven feet of water in them. I was compelled to abandon them in a boat which is now lying in the bush. Two of my native police have been drowned, and the country is still flooded. I have not received a post from Brisbane since november, 1809." EXTRAORDINARY RAILWAY AcciDEtrr.-An accident, almost without paraUel for its singularity, occurred the other day on the connecting branch line of the North Eastern Railway, between the two Hartlepools. A gentleman employed in a mercantile firm at "West Hartlepool, wa3 in the act of crossing the railway at Middleton level crossing, and failed to observe that a passenger train was rapidly approaching. Before he could get over, tho huffer of the engine caught him on the lower part of his body and flung him to a consider- able distance, bnf most providentially he feU clear of the train, which was brought to a Btand with aU pos- sible speed, when, to the intense relief of the driver, who, of course, imagined that the gentleman had been killed, the latter sprang to his feet, little tho worse for tho occurrence, and waved his hand for the train to proceed. DEATH OP MRS. BURTON.-The Pastoral Times says :-" It is with great regret we chronicle the death of Mrs. Henry Burton, of Redbank, at the early age of twenty-nine. In consequence of this sad event, the contemplated performances of tne circus troupe were abandoned for the time, and Mr. Burton has advertised tho hotel for sale. ANOTHER GHOST.-A report baa been .current in Kempsey during the past week that the ghost of an old woman has been seen on two or three occasions lately, at a place known as Darby's selection, situate a short distance from this town. A young man named Fran- cis M'Carthy, nud another man, all state, we believe, that they have seen ; the ghost-an old woman, tall, lean, and hoggard. It was seen, it is stated, on three consecutivo nights, and approached tho men. uttering tho most piercing and unearthly shrieks. ' Report says that some years ago an old couple lived a very unhappy lifo in that locality, and the woman ultimately died in a most wretched condition. Whether her death was hastened is not known, nor does it transpire that any questions were put to the apparition by those who say they saw it.-Mackay Herald. . ¡ ?ooMqwmtwaf tstttataatfeaof a couple of punc«a ia Mr. G. M. Stephan's latsar ia our last, it is re printed in a perfect state fer general information to- day. [WATERSPOUT.-On Monday week, -when the Diamantina, steamer, was off Hat Head, a very large waterspout was soon a short distance from the vessel. To those who had never witheased anything of the sort ttmaight waa most interesting. It is described ns rising .in ona dense volume to the clouda (which immediately over it were as black as thunder), and as presenting a most beautiful appearance.-Macleay Herald. v FIRE AT NEWCASTLE.-On Thursday morning, at about seven o'clock, a lire broke out in the loft of the stables belonging to the Great Northern Hotel. As soon as tho alarm was given, several volunteers rushed to the spot, and did all in their power to allay the flames, by pouring on buckets of water, but to little effect. The engine belonging to the Volunteer Fire Brigade, with a strong force, arrived atout a quarter of an hour after tho fire broke out, and there being a plentiful supply of water, the engine was at once set to work, and speedily subdued the flames. The fire was, fortunately,.early discovered, and the damage was thus confined to a few bales of hay. Tho origin of the fire was the work of an incendiary.-XetccaMc Chronicle. A CHAPTEn OP ACCIDENTS.-On Wednesday last, a series of accidents happened to the A. A. ' Company's I pits, Borehole. The first one happened to a miner, named Sandy Farmer, who was severely injured on his head, and received some other frightful cuts. He was ridinga horse near the pit, on tho tramway, when tho horso threw him, and he fell with ¡rreat violenco on tho rails.-Another accident happened to a miner, named Thomas Mens, owing to a large portion of coal falling on his head, which has. caused sevoral portions of it to he removed.-The next accident was to a miner, named James Thompson, who had his' thigh fractured by a skip falling against him. AU tho above cases were attended toat once by Dr. Wells, and tho suffer- ers are progressing favourably.-Sfaccastle Chronicle. UPPER DARLING.-Tho Darlingstill continues slowly and steadily rising about three inches per day-sixteen inches moro and it will reach the height of thc flood of 18(37. Tho water is out over the plains for miles ; all the lagoons full and the bends covered, and black swons swimming where a month or so ngo the sheep wcro kicking up a dust. Travelling is both difficult and dangerous. The week before last two men were drowned. One, an old shepherd with one arm, who came to Toorale with a pitiful talo of being out for days without food, endeavouring to get round tho water. Ho was supplied with rations, his horso crossed over tho Darling, and next morning he started up the river. Ho had evidently attempteóúto cross a lagoon about two miles below Gundabooka^.and been drownod in the attempt. Mr. Smith found Ids horse, swag, and dog; and after n search found tho body, drew it out on tho bank, put it on a sheet of bark, covered it with another, and some boughs, and sent to Bourke ; and for tho guidance of any ono placed in similar circumstances, this is thc correct thing to do-to leave the body as ne¡>r a3 possible to tho placo where found, protected as well as possible from wild animals, and send to the nearest magistrate or police station. It was of course two or three days before Mr. Foot, J.P., and the doctor could come, and the latter's duty was by no means a pleasant ono ; but not to be compared with that which awaited him at Winbar, where another man hail been drowned, and his body found under somewhat similar circumstances, after having been five days' in the water. The man's name was White, nnd ho had been employed upon tho Claro Blocks. Tho body had been buried by Slr. Sage, and had to be exhumed.-Tho Darling rose to within ten inches of tho same height as the 18G7 flood, but has commenced to fall slightly : we are, however, still pro- mised another riso from Walgett, nnd much rain has fallen to the northward and westward, the water from which wo cannot have had yot. Tho country is scarcely to be ridden over, except by a rigid adherence to tracks, and mustering either cattle or sheep is out of thc ques- tion. Tho grass is most luxuriant, and the sandflies and mosquitoes aro in swarms.-Correspondent Pastoral Times, April 29. THE SECOND FLOOD AT "WAGRA WAGGA.-Last Saturday, tho 14th instant, was an anxious day in Wagga Wagga. Advices from all quarters represented inundation ¡is inevitable, and so the whole day was spent in removing goods beyond reach of danger. The loss of stock by the previous flood must have been great, as during tho whole of Saturday the river bore down immense numbers of bloated carcases of bullocks, horses, pigs, and sheep. The saddest sight of all was the body of a little child floating past on the flood. The body was that of a boy apparently about three years of age, and, as it was shown by the poH-inortem examina- tion, which was afterwards made by Dr. Large, that there woro no marks of violence upou]it, "death, there is no doubt, was the result of drowning, and the body will probably prove to be that of the unfor- tunate child Franklin, who slipped from the arms of his father as tho latter was swimming ashore from his hut at Gundagai on the 20th of April last. An inquest was held by the coroner for the district. Dr. Robinson, and a verdict of "Found drowned" waa returned. Towards evening, fears were entertained for the safety of the pier of the company's bridge, but the water is still too high to make a reliable statement about tho matter. Throughout Saturday night the waters rose and continued slowly to rise until poon on Sunday, when they attained their maximum height of thirty-two feet six inches above summer level, or two feet six inches below the level of tho flood of tho 2Sth of. lust month. Owing to the warning which had been given, the losses by this flood will be very much less than by tho preceding ono. In the town itself little or no actual loss has been experienced, but the inconvence to all parties has, of course, been very great. Since Sunday tho river has boen falling very slowly indeed, and lower Fitzmaurice street, from the'Bank of New South Wales downwards, is still under water, and will probably continuo BO for a day or two longer. The total fall from Sunday at noon until nine p.m. of Tuesday lasthad only amounted to three feet, the gauge at the bridge marking at that hourlast night exactly twenty-nino feet six inches. Among the many " flooded out" incidents we may mention tho fact of Mr. M. Best, of Gumley Gumley, and his brother being upset out of a boat and having to Beeksheiter in a tree for thirteen hours.-Abridged from Wagga Wagga Express. I REPORTED APPREHENSION OF POWER.-At the Albury police court on Slonday, 10th May, Thomas Mansfield, nlias Bloomfield, and Henry Devitt were brought up on suspicion of highway robbery. Vf. E. Lenthall dei>osed : I am sergeant of police, stationed nt Albury. From information received on Saturday night, I went to Mr. Driscoll's of. the Bridge Inn, in company with Mr. Moore, governor of the gaol, and senior- constable Anderson. Found the prisoners in a room there, and arrested them. Searched prisoner Mansfield, and found on him a box containing 300 or .100 revolver caps, sixty-four ball cartridges, and L3 7s in money. He said, "if I had only known what you were after, I would have been prepared for you, and put a pill through you." I was then shown tho swag produced, by Mr. Driscoll. Among other things was this revolver and case,A a flask containing powder, and a bag containing thirty-seven bullets, bush made. Then brought him to the lock-up. In some respects the prisoner answers to the descrip- tion of Power, tho bushranger. At tho timo of his apprehension he was supposed to be Power. "When I' first brought the swag and revolver out, prisoner denied they wore his. Devitt has been associated with him for tho last day or two. Devitt had on him Ll Ss. 4d., two rings, and a knife. Senior-constable Anderson deposed : On Saturday night, between eight and nine o'clock, I assisted sergeant Lenthall to arrest the prisoners now beforo the court. "Was present when Mansfield was searched. Heard him say distinctly that the revolver was not his. Devitt "said that he had been employed by some one at Sandy Creek to drive pigs, and that he had been only a short' time in company with the other prisoner. Mansfield was very violent, using throats that ho would shoot mc. D. Driscoll, landlord of the Bridge Inn, deposed : I know Mansfield. He came to my place last Wednes- day morning carly, and has been staying there till thc time jf his arrrest. He came on foot. He said he had lost his horse at some publie-houso on the Sydney road. Saw him with the revolver. Thought ho was a little touched in the head. Devitt came to my place on Friday with a man named Quirk. He had been driving pigs for Quirk.-Henry Moore, governor of tho Albury gaol, deposed : I gave information to the police on Saturday night about Mansfield. "Went to Driscoll's in company with senior- constable Anderson. "When Mansfield was arrested, he threatened to shoot every ono but me, as he had known me before. "When soJgeant Lenthall brought out the revolver, he said, "that is not mine." Prisoner does not answer to the description of Power. Mansfield was remanded tiU .Tuesday-bail allowed, himself in L20, and two sureties in L10 each. Devitt was discharged. On Tuesday Mansfield was again brought up on remand. The bench dismissed the case, but considered prisoner was not n fit person to be trusted with fire- arms,. and ought therefore to be placed under the protection of the police.-D. Babbington gave the following evidence as to defendant's state of mind : I have known defend dant for twelve months. He used to live inSlr. Dight's paddock. Always took him to bo "a shingle short," by his peculiar manner, as if there was some- thing troubling him. Should not like to be responsible in any way for his conduct if he were at large.-J. F. Loxton deposed : I have known defendant for about two months, as a labourer in Slr. AVood's camp. He had strange ideas, but beyond that he was quiet enough, and always did what ho was told. I was aware that he carried a revolver. He was discharged'party on account of the state of his mind.-John Poraery deposed : I am a labourer in the employ of Mr. Driscoll. Did not think defendant right in his mind.-J. K. Barnett, sworn : I am Government medical officer for this district. Have seen the prisoner before. From thc evidence given I do not. think that he should be allowed to go at large with fire-arms. I think he should ba put under medical treatment for some time. Ho was in the hospital nt one time, and was caUed the cranky patient. Remanded for eight days, for medical \ treatment, the revolver and ammunition to be detained I in the custody of thc police.. I 