BILLY MORGAN'S GHOST. a tale of the sea. In tho yoav 1S01, a seaman named William Morgan enlisted on board a United States frigate for throo years' cruiso in the Medi terranean. He was an awful- looking porson, six feet four inches high, with a long palo, wrinkled visage, sunken eyes, thick black hair standing on end, with wliito prominent and irregular tcoth. It was impossible to defino the colour of his eyes; his voico was sepulchral ; on his right arin wcro ongraved certain mysterious devices, and his tobacco box was of iron. Ho entered on Friday, the frigato was launched on Friday, tho mastor carpenter who built her was born and died on Friday, and the squadron won't out (o sea 011 Friday. Those coincidences, added to his singular ap pearance, caused tho sailors to look upon Morgan with some dogrce of wondor, mingled with suspicion. During tho voyage to Gib raltar, his conduct increased this feeling. He went'without food for days togelhor ; at least he was never seen to cat, and if I10 slept it was without shutting his eyes or lying down. His shipmates, ono and all, declared that wako at what time of the night they would Morgan was seen sitting bolt upright in his hammock, with his eyes glaring and wido opon. When in watch upon dock ho would stand still for an hour at a time, gazing 011 tho stars or the ocean, and when roused, fall flat on tho dock in a swoon. When ho rovivod, I10 preached and talked incoherent rhapsody. Ho often hinted that ho bad as many lives as a cat, and more than once offered to let himself be hanged for tho gratification of his messmates. Ho had also frequont trances, during which I10 lay stiff aud rigid, with all tho appcaraueo of death. Thoso things at longth l-eachod tho ears of Captain R , who looked upon them as mere tricks, aud tho noxt linio Morgan got iuto a trance confined him for twenty-four hours, stopped his grog, and devised other punishments. Ono day, about half-way across tho Atlautie, and tho frigato sevoral leagues ahead of tho squadron, thero was an alarm of tho inagazino being on fire. Morgau was just coming on deck with a spoon in hand for soldo purposo or other, when, hearing tho cry, I10 made one spring overboard. Tho fire was soon extinguished, but in tho confusion no effort was made to save Morgau. As a matter of courso ho was drowned. Two days after, ono of the ships of tho squadron caino up, and sent a boat alongside with Billy on board. Twelve hours aftor his leap, I10 had boon found swimming gallantly with tho spoon in his hand, which ho said ho hold that I10 might help himself to salt water when ho was dry. After this the sailors felt convinced that Morgan was a dead man como to life again, and that it would be difficult to kill him in any ordinary way. Ho continuod his pranks, star- gazings, aud swoons, for which ho was always sovorely punished. At last, as they approached Gibraltar, ho solemnly anuouncod to his rness- matos that ho intended to drown himself again with the first opportunity. Ho made his will, dressed himself in his best, and settled all his affairs. Ho also replenished his tobacco-box, put his allowanco of biscuiL in his pocket, and filled a small cantoon with water, which ho slung round his nock, saying that perhaps he - might lako it into his head to live two or three days in tho sea beforo ho finally betook himself to Davy Jones's locker. That same night, between twelve and one, Morgan was distinctly seen to come up the hatchway, climb the bulwark, and drop into tho ocean. A midshipman and two sailors testified to flic facts, and, Morgan being missing tho next morning, no doubt existed of his suicide. Tho talk and wonder woro beginning to subside when, ono night about a week after, the figure of Morgan in wet clothes, with cadaverous visage, was seen by ono of his messmates, who happened to bo lying awake, to cmergo from tho foropart of the ship, approach ono of tho tables where thero was a can of water, tako a heavy draught, and dis appear in the direction whence it catno. The sailor told this the noxt morning, but, as yet, very fow believed him. The noxt night, pre cisely tho samo thiug occurred, and was seen by a different person. Tho story came to the ears of Captain R , who, under tho con viction that Morgan's drowning himself had boen deceptive, ordered the strictest- search to bo mado throughout the frigate, but without any discovery. Tho ghost continued to ap pear, evading capture or surprise. Ouco it emptied a tobacco-box, and at another timo mado free with tho fragments of a supper which had not boon cleared away. In the Bay of Algosiras it spoke, offered its hand to a messmate, and saying " Good-byo, Tom," vanished as usual. By this timo the crew woro terror-stricken, afraid of their own shadows, and even tho officers bogau to sharo the infection. Tho sailors woro permitted to tako an occasional turn 011 shore. To tho Tom Brown named abovo Morgan had left his watch and chest of clothes. Strolling down a dark lane itt (ho suburbs of Algosiras he heard the well-known voico call out, "Tom, Tom, — your eyes ! Don't you know your old messmate f" Tom recognised the tones, and, turning round saw himself confronted by Billy Morgan's ghost. Having no wish to renew tho acquaintance, ho took to his heels, without looking to sec if tho ghost gavo chase, ran to tho boat, and told the story as soon as ho could find breath. In his berth that very night tho ghost- visited him again, passed its cold wet hand over Tom's faco, who bawled lustily, but the ap parition absconded beforo help arrived, mut tering, in a hollow whisper, " You shall seo me at Malta." After somo weeks tho frigate came to tho last named placo. As nothing had been scoii of tho ghost in the interval, it was concluded that the shado was oithor tired or appoasod, and little more was thought of its visitations. Soon after the ship's arrival a parcel of sailors, including tho hoir of Billy Morgan, were frolicking ashore at a small tavern in Valelta. Between throe and four o'clock iu the morning Tom wont to bed, not quito as clear headed as ho might have been. 1 Co could not tell how long I10 had been asleep when he was roused by a voice whispering in his ear "Tom, Tom, wako up ! " On opening his cj'es ho beheld by tho pale light of the morning, tho well known figuro of Morgan leaning over his bed and glaring at him with eyes liko saucers. Tom cried "Murder! Ghost! Billy Morgan f" as loud as ho could yell, until ho roused tho landlord, who came to know what was tho matter. Tom related the wholo affair. Mine host doniod having ever soon or heard of such a figuro or appearance, and so did all his family. Tho report reached the frigate. "Heaven and earth!" cried Captain R , " shall we never got rid of this infernal. spectre, or whatever clso it may bo." He was in despair. Novor was a man so persecuted by a ghost in this world beforo. The ship's crow were so dismayed that, had an Algorine come across thorn, they might peradventuro have surrendered at discretion. They signed a round robin suggesting to tho captain the running of the ship ashoro, and abandoning her entirely to tho ghost, which now appeared almost every night, anil sometimes between decks, and at others at tho end of tho bowsprit, and again cutting capers on tho yards and topgallant masts. From Malta tho squadron proceeded to Syracuso. Thero tho ships woro placed in quarantine and fumigated with brimstone, to tho great satisfaction of tho crew of the frigato who woro iu hopes that this would drivo away Billy Morgan, who had not troubled thorn for somo time. But im mediately on tho oxpiration' of tho quarantine he again visited his old chum and heir, Tom Brown, lank and dripping wot as usual, aud after giving' him a soul-thrilling shako, whispered, "Tom, I want to speak to you about my watch and chest of clothes." But Tom roared "Murder!" with all his might, whon tho ghost vanished, muttering, as Tom swore, "You infernal lubber !" The reappoaranco doubled all former con sternation, and nothing but tho most severe and unrclaxing discipline prevonted tho groater part of tho crew from deserting. Poor Tom, to whom tho devoirs of tho spectre scorned most especially directed, left off swearing and chowing tobacco, and dwindled to a perfect shadow. Ho becamo vory serious, and took to singing psalms. In addition to this diabolical persecution, of which I10 was not tho only victim, strango things woro repealed every day. Tobacco-boxes left full at night woro found omply in tho morning. Sailors would bo missing for a wholo day, and return unable to give an account of thoinsolves. Sometimes thoy woro found by their oflieo'rs in a state of stupor, though not ono of thorn had tasted a drop of liquor. On these occasions they always saw tho ghost of Billy Morgan (lying through the air or dancing on tho tops of steeples with a fiery tail liko a comot. At length Tom Brown, aftor tho usual nightly visit, disappeared and was never heard of aftorwards. As tho inherited chest of clothes was found ompty, it might have boon surmised that ho had de- sorted, had not a sailor 011 watch solomnly declared that he saw tho ghost of Billy Morgau jump overboard with Tom in his arms, in a (lame of fire, and that they hissed liko a red hot ploughshare in tho water. With this bold feat tho spectre took its final departure. Aftor an absenco of belweou two aud three years tho frigate returned ; tho crow woro paid olf aud discharged, aud as an additional wonder attending her memorablo cruise, it is recorded, 011 good evidoneo, that their tlirco years' pay laslod somo of them nearly three days. Not a man of thorn over doubted tho reality of tho ghost. Captain R- himself spoko of it as ono of those straugo inscrutablo things which bafllo tho 1 elforts of human ingenuity, and seem to justify , tho most extraordinary relations of past and prosont times. 1 Somo years subsequent to his return from 1 tho Mediterranean, Captain R , being 011 , .... a journey to tho wostward, had occasion to seek refreshment and lodgings at a log house on tho borders of Tennessee. A man curao forth to receive him, whom lie at once re cognised as his old acquaintance Billy Morgan. " Heavens ! " thought Captain R , " hero's Monsieur Touson como again with a ven geance ! " Billy, who had also found out who his guest was whon too late to retreat, looked rather sheepish, and invited him in with little of tho frank hospitality of a genuine back woodsman. Captain R followed him into tho house, where I10 found a comely well- looking dame, aud two or throo yellow- haired bo3'3 and girls, all in a (luster at the stranger. The habitation had an air of comfort, .and the mistress, by her cheerful aspect and- activity, seemed pleased at the rare incident ol a yisitor entering tho door. Billy was at first shy aud awkward, but, finding himself treated with cordial frankness, he, iu tho courso of the evening, when the children were in bed, and tho wile busy milking the cows, thus accosted his old commander : "Captain, I hope 3-011 don't mean to shoot me for desertion ? " " By no means," said tho captain, pleasantly; " there would be little uso iu shooting a ghost-, or a man with as many lives as a cat.." Billy smiled ralhor a melancholy smile. "Ah, Captain, you liavo not. forgot tho ghost, I seo ; but it is a long time to remember an old score, aud I hope y-ou'll forgivo me." " On ono condition f will," replied Captain R , " that you tell me honestly how you mado all my sailors believe they saw you, night after night, on board the ship, as well as 011 shore." "They did seo 1110," rojoincd Billy, iu his usual sepulchral voico. "Then their seeing you jump overboard was all a deception ? " "By no moans, sir, 1 did jump overboard, but then 1. climbed back again shortly alter." "The deuce you did — explain." " I will, sir, as well as L am able. I was many years amongst the Sandwich Islanders, where tho vossel in which I was cabin boy was wrecked a long timo ago; and L can puss whole hours, 1 believe days, in the water, without being fatigued, except for want ol sleep. I have also got somo other habits, such as a groat disliko to hardwork, and a liking for going whero I will and doing just what I please. The discipline of a man- of- war did not suit me at all, and L grew tired aftor a few days. To pass the time, and make fun with the sailors, I told them all sorts of yarns about myself and my adventures, and played many pranks to mako them believe I was a sort of wizard. Tho punishment you gavo me, though 1 own f deserved it, made me resolve to desert as soon as an opportunity offered. I had an old shipmate with 1110 whom I could trust, and we planned tho whole thing together. I knew if I. deserted at Gibraltar or any of tho ports iu the Mediterranean 1 should almost certainly bo caught, anil shot oil' hand as an examplo. 1 got Torn Brown to write 1113- will, intending to leave my watch aud chest to my messmate, who was to return them to mo again at Gibraltar; bulTom play ed us a trick, aud put his own name instead of my friend's in, and the trick was not (bund out until aftorwards, when my friend was afraid of discovoiy if ho made any rout about tho matter." "Who was 3rour friend ?" asked Captain R . "He is alivo, and in tho service; L had rather not answer it." " Go on," said the captain. "That night I jumped overboard." "How did 3'ou get back into tho ship?" asked the captain, hastily. " WI13, sir, tho forward port liolo 011 the starboard side was left open intentionally, with a bit of rope fastened to tho gun, and hanging down, so that I could catch it." Tho captain struck his forehead with tho palm of his hand, and said to himself. " What a set of blockheads we wcro ! " "l>rett3' well for that," responded honest Billy, " though not quite so great as might bo expected." Tho last part of his speech he meant for a compliment, but it sounded directly tho contrary. "As soon as I was ovorboard," continued I10, "I swam to tho rope, waiting (or tho signal from my friend to climb u p and hide 1113'sulf in a coil of cablo stowed away- close to tho bows. In the bustle that followed it was easy onough to do this ; and nobody saw mo but my friend. Hero I remained in my wet clothes, rather uncomfortably, as you may supposo, until my provisions were expended, aud my baccy-box empty. I calculated they would last till we arrived at Gibraltar, where nothing could have boon easier for mo than to slip out of tho port-hole and swim ashoro. But tho plaguy head winds and calms, which! dare say you remember, delayed the squadron soveral days lotigor than I cxpoctod, and ex hausted my stock. I shouldn't have minded the want of biscuit and water, but it was impossible to livo without tho baccy-. My friend had promised to como sometimes within hail of signals of distress, but, as I10 told me afterwards, ho was confined for. several days for picking a quarrel with Tom Brown whom ho longed to pay off with a good hiding for forging tho will. "I remained in this state until I was nearly starved ; whon, not being able to stand it any longer, I one night, whon everybody between decks seemed fast asleep, crept out of my hole, whero I lay coiled up iu tho shape of a cable, covered with a pieco of old cauvas, and, finding a pitcher of water, took a hearty drink. This was as far as I dared to go at that timo ; but tho noxt night I ventured out again, and was lucky onough to got a good supply of pro visions which happened to ho left by some ac cident iu my way. Two or three times I hoard search making for me, and was terribly fright ened ; but I believe tho searchers were more frightened still, and afraid to look closely into tho cablo tier. AVhen wo arrived at the Bay of Algosiras, T. took an opportunity of alarming Tom a little by visiting him in tho night and bidding him good by, after which I slipped quietly out of tho porthole, and my friend ptil led up tho ropo aud shut the porthole after 1110." " But how did you manage to escape from the police at Algosiras ? " "I was 011 board the frigato all tho timo in my old hiding-place." "Aud when the ship was searched direcdy after r " " f was on shoro at that timo." "And how did you manage at Malta ?" "The landlord was my sworn brother and would not havo blabbed for a thousand pounds." " And tho capers on the yard-urin and lop- gallant, tho visits to Tom Brown at Syracuso, and tho wonderful slorios told by the sailors ? " " I never paid two visits to the ship so far as I remember, sir, aftor she left Malta— one was tho night 1 wanted to talk to Tom, the other when be disappeared tho night after wards. The rest of the stories woro all owing to tho jokes of somo of the sailors and tho fears of tho others." "But are 3-011 sure 3-011 did not jump into tho sea with Tom Brown in a flame of (ire ? " "No, sir, as f am an honest man. Tom got away without 11113- help of mine and without 1113- over knowing how until a long- timo afterwards, when I .accidentally met him in Liverpool. When ho descried and, to quiet his conscience, left my watch and clothes with 1113- friend, L had 110 motive for playing the ghost .-1113- more. 1. shipped in an American merchantman for Sn- rna, and after a linage for a year or two, and saving a few hundred dollars, came to Boston at last. I did not dare to stn3' long- ashoro for fear of being- known bysouie-of ihe officers of the squadron ; so 1 took 1113- 11101103- :m<' my bundle aud wont iuto tho back country. I am a little of oveiy- thiug-. so 1 got 011 pretty well, and hope 3-011 won't have me shot \\)y a court-martial." "No," replied Captain R , "J am out of tho navy now. L have turned fanner too, and 3'ou are quite sate." "I hope 3'ou prosper, sir." " Not quite so well as 3-ou, Bill 3- ; I havo como into tho back-woods to see it' I can do bettor." " Only stay with 1110, sir," said BHI3', " and I will repay all 3'our good offices." "No, I am going 011 a little farther," " You may go farther, and fare worse, sir." " Perhaps so ; but I believe it is bedtime, and so good night, Mr. Ghost." Tho next murniug Captain Lv proceeded on his way, reflecting 011 tho singular siurv of Billy Morgan whose pranks on board the frigate had convinced a great, many men of the existence of ghosts, and thrown the gloom of superstitious horror over ihe remainder ol their lives. "Not- a sailor," thought he, "out of more than five hundred, with the exception of a single one, but will go to his grave iu the full belief ol I ' i 1 13- .Morgan's supernatural ap pearances. What an unluck3- adventure is this ol mine! It has spoiled one of tho best authenticated ghost stories of this or any preceding age." Fr.iioeiors Attilmit to M'l'r.nm:. — Christian Faust, tried at the .late Rockhainptoii Assizes, before Mr. Justice Lufwehyo, was found guilty of cutting and wounding Peter Shaw, a shep herd, with intent to murder. Tho facts, as stated in evidence, are reprinted in brief from the Xorl/tn-n .1 ri/i's : — Peter Shaw, shepherd, deposed that he had seen prisoner before and felt him ; he thought, ho first saw liiin at, a hut 011 Apis Creek on a Mouda3- evening in tho month of November, about the "Juili ; 110 one- was at tho hut when he- arrived there; the prisoner came there a little before sundown; witness bade him the time ofdtqy, and followed him into the hut; ho asked him if he could let him have a bit of meal, as lie (witness) said I10 had none ; prisoner replied that, some travellers had robbed his hut, and ho had to get his meals at another station till he could get rations from the head station ; witness I then asked prisoner if he could get him some tea and sugar to carry him to Marlborough if ho gave him some money ; he said ho would try when ho was going-.; when lie was going witness took a box out of his pocket, in which there was some silver and papers ; opened tho box and gave tho prisoner half-a-crown , there were three more half-crowns i:i the box ; he again placed the box in his pocket ; the prisoner then went awu3', ho said for his suppor ; witness waited for some timo till after dark; tho moon was up a good bit; witness was asleep whon prisoner came back ; prisoner shook him, and said ho had some supper for him ; ho (witness) then had supper, prisoner did not have any ; after suppor wit ness laid down 011 his blanket iu the hut; he fell asleep, and prisoner waked him, sa3ing that his dog was after taking a bait; witness tried to got up, but couldn't, aud prisoner helped him outside the hut up to whero the dog was; went back to the hut in about half an hour ; ho observed to the prisoner that he thought it was very strange ho couldn't, stand 011 his legs, that his dog- was bad, and that if must havo been something ho had oaten for supper; prisoner said ho must havo inhaled the dog's breath while he was pl-sieking- him, and said ho was bad too, but that ho would walk -about for an hour or two, and it might go oil'; witness laid down and went to sleep ; suddenly i10 was awakened by a blow on the head ; i10 tried to get up, struggled to his knees, and cried out " The blacks, tho blacks ;" I10 then received two more blows, and loll from his bunk 011 tho lloor ; did not know with what bo was struck ; presently ho saw tho j prisoner como round to liiin, tako him by the heels, and drag him out of tho room into anotlior room, and thenco into tho open air ; prisoner then went into the hut and brought out some big bags ; ho took- one of these bags, spread it out and put it under his head ; forced his mouth open and pushed a cloth in as far as he could ; prisoner felt, wit ness's pocket and look out a box containing the silver ami papers ; then took the two bags and twisted them round his head and face, and tied a string round ; ho raised him up on his legs, put him on his shoulder and carried him a short distance, then laid hi m down, ami after a time lifted him again ami carried him fur ther; when he put him down somewhat heavily, j he placed his hand on witness's right side and j felt his breast, and muttered something (it was the first time he had heard him speak about | him (witness) "getting stronger;" prisoner! then lifted up the bags from his face, placed j his hand on li is head and mouth, and tried to J tush the rag which was in his mouth further down ; lie then came down 011 witness's side with his knees several times, and witness called out "Oh ! il you are going to murder inc. why don't. 3'ou put me out of 1113" pain at. once;" prisoner then went 11wu3- ; witness then crawled away 011 his stomach to behind a tree ; while lying thero he saw prisoner come back to ihe place where ho had left him, ami look about ; witness rccollecLed seeing .Air. M-I.cllan about two days aftor ; his head was then inaggotty, and he was nearly mad ; Mr. AI 'Li lian spoke to him,- got from his horse, gave him (witness) a drink of water and bound up his head ; lie was afterwards taken lo Marlborough, where he was attended by Dr. Salniond. -- Roderick M'LcIlun, squatter, residing at Apis Creel:, stated that, Ihe prisoner was in his employ in November last as a shepherd ; saw liiin last about the 17th November; the. prisoner re luained in his employ mil i! the 21th, when he absconded and left the sheep in the bush ; the sum of £3 fi.s. lid. was due to him at the time, 011 condition that the sheep were all right; lie did not apply for that money; saw Shaw on the road on 21 tli November; he was then alongside ol a tree, about six miles from prisoner's hut; Shaw ex hi bit cil a most frightful appearance, when witness first eamo up ; Shaw presented a stick at him and called out, " Stop, or I will shoot you ; " ho was cuvorcd all ovor willi blood, and ho was cut all uvur tho head ; witness gavo him a drink of water and bound his handker chief round his head ; ho loft him whero i10 found him, iu order to obtain assistance. — Daniel GaRvuy, sergeant of police, stationed at St; Lawrence, produced a tomahawk which was found on Apis Greek station, twenty vards distance) from tho shepherd's hut. Patrick Ranclaigh, sergeant of police, stationed at Clermont, deposed to having apprehended tho prisoner at Gopperlicld on the I 1th Decombcr first asked him his name, aud ho said " Christian Weiss," and that i10 had como from " Capo River;" witness asked him if ho know where Apis Greek was, and if lie wns ever thero ; ho said he did not know where it was, and had never been there ; when he apprehended him witness said, " T apprehend 3-011 as Christian Faust, for having attempted to commit murJor at Apis Creek upon a man named Shaw;" prisoner replied ho knew nothing about it, and asked whero A pis Greek was ; locked up pri soner; had a conversation with him on tho Monda3' morning following-, when he took a man in to see him; after the man had gone, the prisoner said to witness : " Sergeant, I am sony to give you so much bother, I am tho man you are looking for ; L am tho man who was aL Apis Greek. That old man that, got tho warrant out for 1110 robbed mo of. G I 7, aud 1 was going to St. Lawrence to get a summons for h i 111." — -I avidSalinond, medical praetit ionerand health ollicer at Roekhanipton, stated that ho attended Shaw at .Marlborough ; he was .suffering from six wounds 011 the head, une 011 'the upper part of the occipital bone, two and a half inches long, extending to the bone ; one a little lower down, an inch and a half long, extending lo the bone ; one still lower down on the sauie bone, one and a quarter inches long, extending to the bone; on the upper part of the sai nc bone a wound one inch long, not extending lo the bone ; on the left parietal bone an angular wound, one inch long, not ex- tiuiding to the bone ; on the upper part of the parietal bone, a wound one and a half inches long, about an inch deep ; also found two of the lower ribs 011 the right siilo broken ; of the six wounds, lour of theni were dangerous ; believe them to have been caused by the blows from a blunt instrument: they weieall contused wounds. — 1 1 is honor when passing sentence said: Christian l-'aust von have been lound guill v of cutting ami wtpuiling with intent to 1 1 1 1 1 in li r one I'eliT Shaw. The jury, and tliev have givi-n the matter the most patient con- siileral ipin, had to consider whether you Were the person who struck the blows, and they conrluiird that you were, and T must sav, after hearing the evidence, that they are right, and assuming I la-ui lo be correct and assenting to it, as I do, I am bouml to sav that the case is one of the most serious — short of murder — ever brought before me. Upon looking over the whole of the evidence, and regarding Lhe subject in every light, I am convinced that vou first atti-mpli-il to poison Shaw, and failed, eiile-r by ailmiiiist rat iug too strong a dose, or ' from some other cause which produced vomit ing. ami that then you attacked him with a j tomahawk, which being-an. ill was not sufficiently | heavy to enable Vou to eliect 3-0111- purpose. Finding this you attempti'd to sull'ocale him, and still finding soim- signs of life iu him, vou jumped up-in him iu order to extinguish life ; as you couhl not .accomplish this vou left him, I have not the slightest iloubt, to find some more deadly instrument in order to complete your work. A case of greater maligniU- of purpose ami deliberate cruelly T have never known ; but your foul, malignant, and doailly purpose, fortunately for Shaw and fortunately fur yourself, was not- fulfilled. I .should ill become the position I fill if I did not right eously visit your crime iu proportion to its enormity. The sentence of the court is that you be sentciK-eil to penal serviuule for twenty years. Bask K.Mi:t:zzr.r.\ti:xT Casks — Tho Jlfvthnurm Ihi'di/ '/'/"/, -ii/iU writes as follows : — Must of the bank embezzlement cases recently beforo tho public have had one feature iu common, and ono to which shareholders cannot do better than call tho attention of thoir directors. It appears that an ollicer of a bank is [per mitted to overdraw his account to tho extent of sevoral thousand pounds, and for 110 other discoverable reason than that ho holds such a position. That this praclico should bo per mitted is certainly wrong to tho proprietary, wrong to tho officors, and wrong to tho public. AVhen the Provident Institute came to a condition of insolvency, it was found that pro fessional men anil others connected wiLli tho institution had obtained excessivo ad vances from it 011 their proporty, and had also boon allowed to tako other liberties with the bank funds, anil for which tho shareholders and 'depositors ultimately suf fered. Tt 111:13' bo undesirablo to particulariso the banks in town or country which havo had to 1:13' heavily for tho malpractieos of thoir c/i>jdot//'s. 1 11 many cases such losses havo not arisen from any noglig-enco or culpable relaxation of discipline on tho part of tho manager or directors, but in other instances much blame has notoriously rested with tho management. Any way in which tho tempta tion to embark in imprudent speculations, which gonerally lead to mischiof, can bo chocked among bank officials, sooms a proper subject for consideration. AVould it bo ex pedient to arrange that bank officors should not keep their banking accounts at tho establishment I03- which they are employ ed ? In this event they would havo 110 groater facilities for obtaining unsecur ed advances that aro within roach of tho- general public. A district surny-or iu the Crown lands employ is not permit- led to select land in his own district, and this is in view of the presumption that lu> would be open lo the imputation of securing special advantages for himself, or of being undulv favoured by thoso working with him. Whether Ihe suggestion we throw out will bo eousidi-red enlcriainable or not, it is thoroughly apparent that Drapoi and other delinquents hail a license accorded to theni of fingering the money of their employers in a manner equally injurious to themselves and the institutions; ami there is a wiile suspicion that these oppor tunities were by no means singular or excep tional. It woi 1 1. 1 surely conduce greatly to the satisfaction of well-disposed ami trustworthy bank clerks if every cllort were made to ire- vent a repetition of conduct that brings dis grace upon tne service. Yuss .- Pvinlcd anil jiubl inlu'il by .Tumi's .John llrown , sole -proprietor, (dike " Courier" ftcncml Printing Qffi'ec, Jtossi-slrcet, Yuss, in lhe Colony 0/ New Mouth I Fides. 