TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR. A Fireside Ghost—A hob-goblin. A Nameless Deed—An]unsigned will. Homoeopathic Diet for a Racer—A Tabled Oat. Die house—An hospital. Nature's weapons—Blades of grass. Imaginary scholars—The pupils of your eyes. When is a newspaper the sharpest?—When it is filed. Necessity has no law, but an uncommon number of lawyers. The child who cried for an hour didn't get it. "Ma," said a. little fiye-year- old the other day, "are there any drippingflies as well as butterflies?" A man being asked why he talked to himself • candidly answered, "Because I like to converse with a man of sense." "A real gentleman." said an Irishman one day, "is one that never earned a haporth for himself or any one belonging to him." A Scotch lady, who was discomposed by the introduction of gas, asked, with much earnest ness, " what is to become of the poor whales ?" Why are the volunteers like Nelson ?—Be cause the last thing he did was to die for his country, and that is jut about the last thing they'll do. A grocer in the suburbs, when complained to about aellingbad eggs, said, "At this time of year the hens are not well, and often lay bad eggs." " My dear," said a cross- grained husband to his long-suffering wife, "do you intend to make a fool of me?" "No, my love; nature has saved me that trouble," " That's very singular," said a young lady to a gentleman who had just kissed her. " Oh, well, my dear miss," was the reply, " I will make it plural'" and he did. An innkeeper observed a postillion with only one spur, and enquired the reason. *' Why, what would be the use of another ?" said the postillion; "if one side fof the horse goes the other cannot stand stilL" The first chapter in a Western novel has the following :—" All of a sudden the fair girl con tinued to sit on the band gazing upon the briny deep, on whose heaving bosom the tall ships went merrily by, freighted—ah ! who can tell with how much of joy and sorrow, and pine and lumber and emigrants, and hopes and salt fish!" A lady, in passing through a village, observed the following notice on a board: —"Horses taken in to grass. Long tails, 3s. 6d. ; short tails, 2a." She asked the owner of the land the reason of the difference of price. Be answered, "You see, ma'am, the long tails can brush away the flies; bnt the short ones are so tor mented by them that they can hardly eat at aIL" A greenhorn went to a menagerie, where an ourang ontang particularly struck his attention. Several gentlemen were conversing about the animal, one of whom expressed the opinion that it was a lower order of the human species. The countryman did not like this idea, and, striding up to the gentleman, expressed his contempt for it thus—" Pooh ! pooh ! he's no more himan species than I be." Putting the Flash Out.—The Rev. Thoaias Alien, who was the first minister of the church in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, was at the battle of Bennington, and carried a musket. Once, when asked whether he actually killed any man in Bennington, he replied he did not know ; but observing a flash often repeated from a. certain bush, and that it was generally followed by the fall of one of Start's men, he fired that way and pnt the flash out. The following conversation lately took place at a Coroner's inquest on the body of a man found drowned:—Coroner—Did you know the defunct? Witness—Who's he? Coroner- Why, the dead man. Witness—Tea. Coroner ■—Intimately? Witness—Werry. Coroner— How often have you been in company with him? Witness—Only once. Coroner—Do you. call that intimate ? Witnes?—Yes, for he was drunk, and I was very drunk, and that mada us like two brothers. A poor Irishman applied to a magistrate for relief, and upon some doubts being expressed as to whether he was a proper object for paro chial relief, he enforced his snit with inuib. earnestness. " Och, yer honor," said he, "sure I'd be starved long since but for my cat." "But for what?" asked the astonished magistrate. "My cat," rejoined the Irishman. "Your cat—how so?" ''Sure, yer honor, I sould her eleven times for sixpence a time, and ■he w&« always home before I could get there myself." Brain Sauoe.—You have already set aside the brains,to cool, after a thorongh boiling. Chop them up, but not too small, with a little of the calf's head boilings. Make a very small quantity of meltedbutter. Heat op the brains in this, with pepper, salt, and sage-leaves minced very fine. Chopped parsley or chervil may be added, together with a dessert-spoonful of vinegar or lemon-juice. Calf's Head, Plats Boiled.—Calves' heads are sold by butchers in two very different con ditions—vie., skinned and unskinned, with the hair completely xemoved by scalding. The bitter state is indispensable for malring mock turtle sonp; calf s head &la; torlue, bashed, or rather stewed calf a head, and other ways of serving it at company dinners, and is well worth the extra cost, A scalded head, with the skin on, has generally to be ordered of the butoher beforehand, especially as half a fine head is sufficient for a Bmall family, and he has to find a customer for the other half. True, the two halves can be cooked in different ways—one boiled, &c;, the other made into mock turtle. But many people do not care to have too much, even of a good thing. Whether the whole is taken or not, the head is halved, tbe tongue being equally divided between the two portions, as also the brain. On a scalded head the ear is left in its natural position, erect; the eye also remains entire beueath the lid. From a skinned head we always have the eye-ball removed, simply for tbe Bike of rendering it more sightly. The iris and crystalline lens are not the eatable parts, and, whether cooked or un cooked, are no ornament after death. The edible portion, one of the epicure's tit-bits, lies deep in the socket of the eye, and is not in jured by tha removal of the poor calf's ogling apparatus. On receiving a calf's head, half or whole, take out the brain; throw it into cold water for an hour; after draining, throw it into boiling salt and. water, and let it boil galloping a quarter of an hour. Then set it aside. You will have asked the butcher to remove the in ternal cartilage of the nose; the other bones remain, to keep tbe head in shape ; the halved tongue is also left in its place. In all weathers calPs head is best cooked as fresh as convenient ; in summer especially delays are dangerous; during hard weather, take precautions to pre vent its getting frozen. After the above pre paration and trimming, put the head inio a pail of cold water; wash it well by hand, inserting the fingers into the cavities of the interior. Then put it into fresh cold water, and leave it there to draw out any blood and mneilaga that may remain adhering to it. When yon want to cook it, put it first into a large boiler thiee quarters fall of warm (not scalding) water, with a handful of salt in it. Skim carefully. When no more ecum rises, and the water has boiled for five or ten minutes, take out the head, lay it on a dish, throw away this first water, rinse and wipe «nt the boiler, and set the head again in it on the fire in water which, this time, may be hot. Should more appear, remove it as it rises. After one good boil up, let the head simmer gently until enough. This will take from an hour and a. half to three hours, according to size, &c; It is clear that a small skinned heatl will take much less time to boil than a large one with skin on; the latter addition requires both nioro time and more gentle sd-nmeiing, to cook it well. A calf's head should be thoroughly do cc, without being overdone; you ought to be able to help it in slices; it should not fall to pieces. When done, lift it carefully out of the boiler and lay it cheek upwards, on the dish, without making a mess of it; in which you will bo assisted by previously binding it by broad tape. You can either serve it in that wav, quite plain, or you may smear its Mufice with beat-up egg, dust over it bread-crumbs or biscuit-raspings, and brown them nicely under a hot salamander. This will not take more than two or three minutes to do, and will greatly add to the style of its appearance. In any case, it will be accompanied by 