QUEENSLAND. THE floods are causing great damage. The Cape diggings are submerged, and there is a great loss of property and damage to the claims. Numbers of sheep and quantities of wool have been destroyed on the Leichhardt and Burdekin. During a cyclone at Townsville, the steamer Black Prince was totally wrecked, and the schooner Wonder was stranded. The township itself sustained a good deal of damage. The flood at Ipswich, rose to forty feet above high-water mark. Mr. J. G. Macdonald, grazier, of Bowen, Queensland, has failed for £170,000. After six day's successive rain the whole district of Gympie, has been visited by the severest floods ever known here. One half of the town, for about a mile, is completely submerged, and the damage to property is very great. The churches, schools, local court, and other public buildings, have been thrown open to the public, who have been compelled to leave their places of abode. All communication by mail and telegraph has been suspended for days. The superintendent of police, Mr. Lloyd, and his force have succeeded in doing much good. For miles around the country is under water. The leading reefs are flooded, and the rain is still falling. The rains in the district of Maryborough, have been heavier than any one can remember to have seen before. The floods have risen to an alarming extent, and the water is four feet above the highest point ever known to have been previously reached. Large numbers have been compelled to abandon their homes. The mayor has been most active in relieving the most pressing cases. The steamers in harbor at Brisbane were unable to leave on their usual trips, on account of the severity of the weather. The Maryborough Advertiser mentions the introduction of a new industry at Adelaide Lead, by Mr. James Plumridge, in the shape of a pottery, and a manufacture of jam jars, bread pans, butter coolers, filters, flower pots, and a variety of other utensils, is now being proceeded with, the enterprising proprietor being prepared to supply pottery goods at about half the price hitherto charged in the district. Mr. Plumridge having made application to Government for a grant of two acres of land, has now started the Burnham Pottery, which promises to be a great success both to the proprietor, and to the public. A copper mine has been discovered near Warwick, Queens- land. The body of a man with the head nearly severed from it has been found in a well at Springsure, Queensland. Boiled-alligator promises to become a favorite dish with epicures in the Northern Territory. The Northern Argus of March 9th, says :- The following par- ticulars of ghost seeing, or optical delusion, was related to us yesterday, by one of the chief actors in the scene, and the nar- rator appears to be perfectly satisfied of the actual occurrence. The watchman on the William-street blocks, had his attention arrested about twelve o'clock at night, while on his beat, by the sight of a man dressed in black carrying a child's coffin on his shoulder, with which he entered the cottage of a man whose child was lying dangerously ill. The watchman, surprised that a burial was contemplated at that unusual hour, followed the coffin-bearer into the house, and seeing no other occupants, save the man and his sick child, asked him why he chose that hour for the interment, to which he made the reply of 'Why my child isn't dead, thank God!' 'But,' said the watchman, 'Didn't I see. you bring in a coffin a few minutes ago ?' 'No, certainly not !' was the reply. 'Well then, I certainly fol- lowed you into the house with one, lean swear!" However, the. man persisted in his denial' that he had not been out of the house at all, and had been watching his child the whole evening, and never left it for a moment.' Upon which the watchman left perfectly satisfied that he had seen a ghost, and believes so still.' The child died the following night. 