LOWER RACES OF MEN. THE following interesting lecture was delivered, in September last, by Sir John Lubbock, Bart, M. P. , F R S , at Liverpool - The lecturer said his object was not to describe arms or implements, houses or boats, food or dress of savages, but rather to illustrate the mental condition and ideas of the lower races of men,—a subject of great interest to the philosopher, and also of immense practical importance to an empire like ours, extend- ing to every quarter of the globe, and containing races of men in every stage of civilisation As regarded their habits anti the material conditions of life, savages differed greatly, but as regarded ideas and customs, we found very remarkable similarities even in the most distinct races and the most distant regions. He proposed to call more particular atten- tion to the social or family relations and the religious ideas of the lower races. It would be a mistake to regard our ideas of relationship founded upon mar riage as common to them. The position of woman among the lower savages was melancholy in the extreme, and precluded all those tender and sacred feelings to which so much of our happiness was due. Again, the religion of savages was, in some respects, the very opposite of ours. The whole mental condition of the savage was indeed so dissimilar from ours that it was often difficult for us to follow what was passing in his mind, or understand his motives. " What, said a negro once to Burton, "am I to starve while my sister has children whom she can sell?" Moreover the difficulty of understanding what was passing in their minds was much enhanced by the differences of language. When Labillaidiere inquired of the Friendly Islanders what was their word for 1,000,000, they thought the question absurd ; and when he asked them for 100,000,000 they gave him "laounoua,' which meant nonsense ; while for higher numbers they gave in joke certain coarse expressions which he had gravely recorded in his annals. Dampier, too, once killed an Australian savage from misunder- standing the word " pooh," "pooh," (puff, puff) which is the name that savages, like children, apply to guns. Kissing was unknown to the Australians, New Zealanders, Papuans, West African negroes, and Esquimaux Hie Polynesians and Malays always sat down when speaking to a superior, and in some parts of Central Africa it was respectful to turn the back. Captain Cook asserted that the inhabitants of Mallicole showed then admira ation by hissing ; among the Esquimaux a person's nose was pulled as a compliment ; and a Chinaman put on his hat where we should take it off. But, notwithstand the contradictory accounts of the charac- ter and mental condition of savages, by comparing the accounts of travellers, the sources of error could be eliminated, and a remarkable similarity was de veloped between very different races. Two instances were given. Every Englishman who had not studied other races would be surprised to hear that on the birth of a baby the father and not the mother was put to bed and nursed. Yet, though so ludicrous, this custom prevailed very widely. Father Dobritz- hoffer mentions it as occurring amongst the Abipones of South America, and other travellers mention a similar custom in Greenland, Kamtschatka, parts of China and Borneo, the North of Spain, Corsica, and the South of France. A custom so ancient and widely distributed must have its origin in some idea which satisfied the savage mind. The idea that a person imbibed the characteristics of an animal of which he had eaten was very widely distributed. The Malays at Singa- pore used to give a large price for the flesh of the tiger, not because they liked it, but because they believed that the man who ate tigers would become as wise and powerful as that animal. The Dyabs of Borneo avoided deer for fear of being made timid ; the Caribs would not eat pig or tortoise, lest they should have small eyes ; the New Zealanders, after baptism, used to make an in- fant swallow pebbles, to give it a hard and unpitying heart, and after a battle they cooked and ate their bravest and wisest foes, expecting to secure a share of their wisdom and courage. Savages had a dread of portraits. The better tho likeness the worse, they think, for the sitter, for so much life could not be put into the copy except at the expense of the original. But writing appeared to the savage even more mysterious than drawing, and the belief in its mystery had led to its being used in many parts of the world as a medicine. The Central Africans, for instance, who were a religious people according to their lights, when any one was ill wrote a text out of the Koran on a board, washed it off, and made the patient drink it. The lecturer having next touched the subject of ornaments, of which savages were passionately fond, came to the question of laws, observing that it was a great mistake to suppose that the savage enjoyed an amount of personal free dom greater than that of individuals belonging to civilised communities. The savage was nowhere free. All over the world his life was regulated by a complicated set of rules and customs as forcible as laws, of quaint prohibitions, and unjust privileges, the prohibitions generally applying to the women and the privileges to the men. Marriage and relation ship was the next branch of the lecture. All our ideas of relationship were founded on marriage and on the family. Amongst savages the relationship to the clan almost superseded that to the family. Women were treated like slaves, or almost like domestic animals. Thus in Australia little real affection existed between husband and wife, and young men valued a wife principally for her services as a slave. Many instances were recorded amongst the lower races, where marriage might be said to be unknown, and where children must be regarded as related by tribal rather than family connections. Thus even in our own language, words which now in- dicate relationship had, originally, no such significa- tion, the word daughter, for instance, meaning lite- rally, 'milkmaid, and thus dating back to a time when our ancestors did not recognise the " family " as it now existed. In the Sandwich Islands, uncle ship, auntship, consulship were ignored and we had only Grandparents, Children and Parents, Grandchildren. Brothers and sisters Here the child was related to the group, not specially related to its father or mother, so that every child was regarded as having several fathers and several mothers. The condition of the lowest races was that, not of individual marriage as existing amongst us, but of communal marriage. But, even under the latter system, where a man had captured a beautiful girl whom he wished to keep to himself, a form of individual marriage would rise up by the side of the communal marriage. This theory explained the extraordinary subjection of the woman in marriage ; it explained the widely-distributed custom of "exogamy,' which forbade mar- riage within the tribe ; the necessity of expiation for the infringement of tribal rights by the appropriation to one man of what belonged to the whole tribe, and, lastly, the remarkable prevalence of the form of capture in marriage. Among the rudest races capture was far more than a form, and it was cus- tomary for men to steal women by force from other tribes. The lecturer then gave a number of instances to shew how widely the custom of marriage by capture prevailed among the lower races of men, and that traces of it lingered even amongst those higher in the scale of civilisation. In Australia the ardent lover stole on the object of his affections, knocked her down with a club, and dragged her off in triumph. Amongst the Kalmucks of Central Asia a girl was put on a horse and rode off at full speed. The lover started in pursuit, and, if he caught her, she became his wife—if not, the match was broken off. No Kalmuck girl, it was believed, was caught against her will. Amongst the Ahitas of the Philippine Islands a girl was sent into the woods, and had to be found and brought back by her lover before sunset, else he must abandon all claim to her. M. Bardel mentioned that amongst the Indians of Chili, after a man had agreed with the parents upon the price of a girl, he either really or in feint surprised her and carried her off to the woods for a few days. In Europe we find just the some thing ; the Romans had a similar custom and traces of it occurred in Greek history. As communities become larger and more civilised, the actual capture became inconvenient, and indeed im- possible. Gradually, therefore it sunk more and more into a mere form. The second stage in the de velopment of the idea of family consisted in the recog nition of relationship to the mother, tho to the father being still overlooked. The multiplicity of wives in countries where polygamy was frequent, and the appropriation of wives by the stronger chiefs or kings, would in either condition weaken the tie between father and child. Hence probably the curious fact that in many parts of the world a man's property descended in the female and not in the male line. As civilisation progressed, and as family life became more developed, the affection between father and child would become stronger, and, as property become more important, men would wish their goods to descend to their own children, who would them selves obviously desire to inherit their fathers pro- perty. And so, passing from one extreme to another, the relation on the paternal side was recognised, and that to the mother neglected. Thus it would be seen that at first the feeling of clanship prevailed rather than that of family, and that children were regarded as related to the tribe rather than to their parents ; that, secondly, they were con- sidered to be related to the mother, but not to the father ; thirdly, to the father, but not to the mother ; lastly, and lastly only as among ourselves, to both father and mother. We saw, therefore, that the ideas of relationship, founded on marriage, have only gra- dually been acquired, and thus civilisation had raised the position of woman, making her a helpmate instead of a slave, had purified and softened all the conditions of social life. The higher position of woman was one of the points in which we saw most clearly the enormous advantage of civilisation over barbarism. With regard to religion it had been usual to class the lower religions into Fetichism, defined as the worship of material substances ; Sabaeism, that of the heavenly bodies, the sun, moon, and stars ; and Heroism, or the deification of men after death. But these were not really natural systems. There was no real difference between the worship of the sun and that of a rock or a lake. The true classification of religion should rest not on the mere object worshipped, but on the nature and character ascribed to the Deity. It was a much disputed question whether the lowest races had any religion or not. However this might be, it was clear that the religion of the lower savages was in many respects the very opposite of that of most advanced races. Their deities were evil, not good, they required bloody sacrifices ; they were mortal, not immortal, and were approached by dances rather than by prayers. The ideas of religion among the lower races were intimately associated with, if, indeed, they had not originated from the condition of man during sleep, and especially from dreams. Sleep and death had always been regarded as nearly related to one another. Thus, Somnus and Mors, the gods of sleep and death, were both fabled to have been the children of Nox, the goddess of night. So, also, the savage would naturally look on death as a kind of sleep, and would expect and hope to see his friend awake from the one as he had often done from the other. Hence, probably, one reason for the great importance ascribed to the treat- ment of the body after death. The savage considered the events in his dreams as real as those which happened when he was awake, and, hence, he natu rally felt that he had a spirit which could quit the body, if not when it liked at least under certain circumstances. The lecturer cited examples from various countries in proof of his arguments, and also to show how low and degraded was the savage con- ception of the Divine nature. Gradually, however, as the human mind expanded, it became capable of higher and higher realisations. The lecturer then entered into a more detailed description of the re- ligions of some savage races, beginning with the lowest, which might be called Animism, and which was exemplified in the native Australians, in the belief in ghosts or spirits, or at any rate of evil beings who were not men. The Fetichism of the negro was a step in advance, because the in- fluence of religion was much raised in importance. Nevertheless, Fetichism might be regarded as an anti- religion, for the negro believed that by means of the Fetich he could coerce and control the Deity. Fetichism, indeed, was mere witchcraft. A Fetich differed essentially from an idol, for the one tended to raise man to the con templation of the Deity, and the other to bring the Deity within the control of man. The next stage might be called Totemism. In this stage everything was deified—stones, rivers, lakes, mountains, the heavenly bodies, even plants and animals. Up to a certain stage the deities were mortal, not creators no importance was attached to true prayers ; virtue was not rewarded, nor vice punished ; there were no temples, no priests, no idols. From this point differ- ences of circumstances and government materially influenced the forms of religious belief. Natives of cold climates regarded the sun as beneficent, those of the tropics an evil ; hunting races worshipped the moon, agriculturalists the sun ; in free communities thought was free, while despots sought to strengthen themselves by the sup port of spiritual terrors, and hence favoured a religion of sacrifices and priests, rather than of prayer and meditation. Lastly, the character of the race impressed itself on the religion. Poetry exercised on immense influence, as was the case with the Greeks and Romans. Where the material elements of civili- sation developed themselves without any correspond- ing increase of knowledge there was developed a reli- gion of terror, which became a terrible scourge to humanity. Gradually an increased acquaintance with the laws of nature enlightened the mind of man. From a believer in ghosts he became gradually to recognise the existence of a soul, and at length uniting this belief with that of a beneficent and just Being, he connected morality with religion—a step the im- portance of which it was scarcely possible to estimate. Professor Huxley made some remarks suggested by the lecture. From facts and circumstances within his own personal knowledge and observation he confirmed what had been said by Sir J. Lubbock respect- ing the intensity and eminently practical character of the beliefs of savage races. He said he had had the opportunity of seeing the lowest forms of life amongst the Australians, and no words could be too strong to express the degradation and brutality—not altogether unmixed with better qualities—in which those people lived. He thought perhaps one of the most comfort- ing conclusions to be drawn from the subject was that a similar state of degradation and misery—whatever might have been the primitive condition of mankind —was one to which every nation could be historically traced. How was it that the human race, in so many diverse conditions, had escaped from this primitive misery, and raised itself to the degree of morality and religion in which we found it ? Assuredly, by a natural process of elevation ; by a process of learning the laws of nature, under whatever name those laws might be dis- cussed, and learning to obey them. He was probably the only man there who had seen the savages of whom Sir John Lubbock spoke, but he was not the only man there who had seen savages and knew them well. Whilst walking through this great town of Liverpool he had seen many savages, and as degraded savages as the Australians—nay, worse In the primitive savage there remained a certain manliness derived from continual contact and struggle with nature, which was absent in these degraded specimens of humanity. He believed the great political ques- tion of the future was whether the misery which dogged the footsteps of modern civilisation should be allowed to exist—whether there should be in the heart of the most polished nations of the present day, and which plumed themselves most on being Christian, this savagery, of which such abundant examples could be seen in our streets ? It was because working men were brought into contact with that great fact, struggling with it, feeling that it must be put down somehow, that their minds were occupied with trades unionism, socialism, or what not, after which they were striving. He did not say whether they were right or wrong, but he profoundly sympathised with this endeavour to put down the savagery of the world, and if one could conceive the right way of doing it, he could think of no nobler work than uniting with them in that object. Let him urge upon them that in this matter history did not lie, and that if they were to succeed in this great aspiration of theirs, they could only have one course respecting it, and that was to learn the laws of nature and do their best to obey them. If to that end their efforts were directed wisely and well he could not doubt that they would eventually be crowned with success. 