IN ;THE. BARBER'S SHOP llBY FIGARO. "I have gathered a nosegnv of flowers, :iu1 tnere is nothing of my own but the string tihat ties Ihlem."- MoNTAIrNE. I W\TONDER if it over occurs to M?r. M'Kean in' his calmor moments supposing him tc have any calm moments that! during those ebullitions of passion which so frequently possess him, he makes his enemies to triumph and his friends to grieve. If not, that man would be his best friend who could, convince him of the fact. Wit'h considerable ability, and more apti tude for legislatbria.l duties than mnanr hon. menibers possess, the wretched infirmity of his temper, alld his inability or l?uwil lingthess to control it, has made him one of thle reatest nuisances in the Assembly- wvhsce, Heaven knows, 1Nuisances ate not scarce. I know'nothing of MiK. M'Ke:an ? x cepf, as a public man, but if he exercises in private life half as much rashness and ill temper as he exhibits in his public capa city, I would rather not live und6r the sanie roof with him. The worst of it is, when he has right on his side he speaks and: acts so] intemperately that he would kill' the best cause under the sun. Last week, his conduct in the House over the report of the committee on the NYilson case, when he really had good grouind of complaint, was such as to make every one feel glad that he was defeated. I don't approve of the course Mr. lRolfe took in that matter, but the way. in which Mr. M' Kean attacked him was totally inex cusable. I am glad, however,, to see that Mir. M'Keail has had the good sense since to lapologise for what lie thoun said. 'Again, only last Tuesday night he managed, in a discussion out of which a more cool-headed min would have come victorious, to allow his! temper to place him in such a position that he was bound to coine off but second best. It is no valid defence of his con dct, that lihe showed when in office he could control his 'temper. Such a plea en hances his culpability. I have come to tho conclusion, that the wisest thing lie 'can do will be to retire altogether from pub lic life. -IHe is evidently not fit for it. His conduct 'in the senamte and at the police court; i the council clnhamber and as a volunteer, have amply attested this., There fore, let him retire. Should he refuse 'to do so, 1ask the clectors of Mlaryborough to reject him if lie again seeks re-election at their hainds, Any good lie .may be capable of is totally eclipsed by the .harm lie does; and on his constituents a portion of his shame is reflected. They may rest satisfied that his absence fromn the HI- ouse will not stop legislation. 33ut whilst condemning Mr. M'Keai, I must not neglect to censure some other lion, members. Such of them as have no better sense than to go to the HIouse in the state popularly known as " three slhec s in the wind," have had too much indul gence shown to their " weakness."' It was unfortunate tlhait ;.- M'. Ke:lin should have constituted limielfth eir censor, becau his lingual intemporanoe is as bad as their vinous intemperance. But I do wish tha~t some one who has power in the I-ouse; say the Chief Secretary, or MAr. IIigi-i botham-would fooeel it to be his mission to tackle this evil. It is a monstrous shame that any heon. member should appear night after night in the council chamber of the country in a state that ought to exclude himnfrom thesocietyofdeeent people, andlyct go unreproved. I look upon it that often ders in this way have been fair too tenderly dealt with by their fellow- members and by the press. If a. man is drunk, :why not say so ? Why gloss over his outrasgeous conduct by some mild cuphism ? In such cases I would like mcich to hear a spade called a spade, and ;not an implc mont used in gardening. • If the hon. mein her who on Tuesday called Mr. M'Keau " a cowardly big beast" had been perfectly sober, he would surely not have Ifelt so "!riled" under the imputation of inebriety as to use such low, unparliamentaiy lan. guage. For these, and other reasons, ,i am'glad that the end draws nigh. The House is to be prorogued next week, and I trust a general election will intervene before it again meets. The present Assembly was elected under circumstances quite excep tional, and which put " old hats" at a pre mium. They are now at a discount, and I do hope that the coming appeal to the elec tors will be so conducted that such un desirable men as were pitchforked into pro minence at the last election will at the next be sent to the right-about, and so make way for better ones. The Bandmann-cum-Educated-Poor im broglio is a terribly tangled skein. I have tried hard to unravel it, but with little suc cess. So far as I have succeeded, it seems to me that the I-I.err has much right on his side. He might have made his stand rather more gracefully than.he did, but I think he had grounds for making it. There fore I cannot censure him. Neither can I blame the promoters of the benefit for anything further than niot being sufficiently wide awake to the " dodges" of the ma nagement of the T. R. With such an at tractive programme as they were able to put forth, they might have been sure of a crowded house, and should therefore have refused to take it on " sharing" terms. As it is, they have brought in a very wel come addition to the coffers of the society, but with a little more courage on their part, that addition would have been much larger. There is a serious discrepancy be tween Dr. Neild and M'r. Coppin as to the terms on which the theatre could have been had; but I incline to believe the doctor. The management ssw the certainty of a full house, and determined to profit by it. It further seems to me that they wished Mr. Bandmnann to think the house was not to be let in the sharing principle, so that he might give the services .of himself and wife, and thereby add to their profits. Unfortunately for them, he found this out, and spoilt their "little game" unfortunately, too, for the society, which is not far from £100 loser by the muddle. After the expose this althir has caused, I shall not be much surprised if the public look with an unfavourable eye on theatrical benefits for some time to come. They are no doubt a wasteful way of raising the wind, yet, with all their faults, I do not know any preferable mode of doing their work. There are many who will often pay a pound that way, when they would refuse to give ten shillings; and so long as this is the case, I suppose such will have to be honoured. I am not one to advocate a reduction in our national holidays, but is it worth while keeping up the one in celebration of the separation of Victoria from New South Wales ? It is not a general holiday-for ,with? the. exception of the Government offices, the law courts, and the banks, busi inessgoes on as any other day. I do not think, now that the flush of victory has passed away, it is wise thus annually to raise its ghost. Englishmen, alter the. death of Wellington, left off celebrating the battle of Waterloo, out of deference to the feelings of their friends who had once been their enemies, and it seems to me it would be wise of Victorians to cease to take alny further public notice of an event which, however justly gratifying it may be to them, must of necessity not be so pleasing to their now friendly New South Wrales neighbours. The desire of the present time is to draw these colonies more closely together, and such a celebration as that of yesterday week seems to me not cal culated to further that end. The police have been waking up to the necessity of enforcing more strictly the power conferred on them of closing public houses on Sundays. The unconcealed man ner in which these have been kept open in defiance of the law is to be permitted no longer. If the law is to be enforced, 1 hope it.will be done impartially. I do not mnyself tlhink it is wise to prevent "pubs." being open at all on Sundays, but so long Pa it the law, , iam for bhaing it obeyed, It is bad for any law: to be systematicaIly violated, but it is worse for it to be un equally enforced. Let all obey it, or none. If it is im irksome law, modify or repeal it ; but don't suffer to it to be flouted. I don't think there is now the least proba bility of Mr, G. P. Smith's bill getting passed. We shall therefore have to con tinue under our present act until another session, when I trust to see a measure passed that will be more acceptable to the public at large than would have been that of the ex-Attorney General. It seems there is a fire escape in ?i?l bourne. The recent disastrous fire at the Varieties has at least brought out that'lict -a fact which I, in common, I believe, With 999 out of every 1000 people, was previously unacquainted with. Safely stowed away in some little known Corpo ration-yards at the top of Elizabeth-street, it is useless for the purpose for which it was imported, simply because the City Council and the Fire Brigade Committee cannot agree as to which body should be at the expense of keeping it in a state of working efficiency. This is not as it should be. The need for such a life-preserving machine was fearfully shown at Monday's flire. Those who have seen, as I have, the good service fire escapes are capable of ren dering in the way of saving life at large fires, will agree with me that there should be at least half-a- dozen of .them distributed throughout Melbourne, ready for use at a moment's notice, and one or more in each of the suburbs. I commend this subject to the serious consideration of the councils of St. Kilda and Prahran. With the rapid extension of two or more storeyed houses, the demand for fire escapes will be in creased; and I can conceive of no more legitimate expenditure of borough funds than in providing them. A morgue is doubtless .an unpleasant building inside, and one that I should not willingly enter; but I seeno reason why it should be outwardly repulsive; and if it is not, I fail to perceive any valid objection on this ground to the erection of one at tihe junction of the St. KIilda and Sandridge roads. I cannot conceive that the possibility of seeing an occasional dead body carried there would diminish the traffic, or that it would be the cause of one house less being let in St. Kilda. At the same time, as a less prominent position would do equally well for a morgue, and as the site in ques' tion is almost sure to be required. when a new bridge is erected, if not before, I agree with the St. Kilda and Emerald Hill Coun cils in hoping that it may not be thus ap propriated. Miy objection to it is a prac tical, not a sentimental one. Unfortu nately, morgues are a necessity, but there is no reason why they should be made. un necessarily public. The goats of St. Kilda aremin a state of consternation. The Borough Council has accorded permission to the Landsandcl Sur vey department to shoot them in Albert Park. Blows and impounding they don't mind; .but bullets, whew ! they are beyond a joke. For my part, I don't sympathise with this consternation. I have long had a severe " colonial down" on the tribe Capricornis. They are an uilmitigated nuisance, which has been borne too long, and I hope the departibent will use the permission vwith vigour and rigour, and that " every bullet will find its billet." I congratulate the Early-closing Associa tion on the successfiul commencement of its second series of lectures; and I con gratulate the public on the fact, which I had come to doubt, that a large' audience can be got together in Melbourne to listen to a lecture. I am also glad to learn that Professor Mi'Coy's deliverance on " The Plan of Creation" was reported verbatim, and is to be printed. Mr. G. P. Smith has announced his early retirement fr'om public life. I forbear com ment on this pleasing bit of news for the precept. 