THE w GHOST. OF ,GRIMLxY. (fronlm she Goulbcrn H.Torald.) T~E keen cold wind. which -howled so dismally outside' Mr. Thornby's mansion but served to enhance the charms of his bright warm drawing-room within. There around a cheerful fire a happy group were gathered. Soft lamplight never fell on six more interesting samples of the "human . face divine" than were there met. It was a kind of gala night with the family, for Harry, the second son, had just whirled down from the city with a college chum, Charles Bertram, to enjoy his vacation at home. He and his friend were the lions of the evening. Both had passed a brilliant term; and while the parents listened de lightedly to Harry's amusing accounts of his various exploits, real and imaginary, Mabel, their only daughter, was equally proud of and anxious to draw out the con versational talents of her brother's friend. If there is any truth in eyeology, Charlie and Mabel's glances revealed to each other a secret as yet unsuspected by all but one of the little circle, and that one was Mrs. Thornby. Percy, the youngest, a pale delicate youth of fifteen, was another of the admiring auditors. "If Tom were only here,"- half sighed Mrs. Thornby, "our party would be com plete." " Never mind, dear," responded her hus band, " he will be with us by-and-by, wheni he has seen all the wonders abroad." "Tom's a lucky dog," said Harry, "roving over the world sight-seeing and enjoying himself while I'm poring over dry books, listening to prosy lectures, and spend ing hours in dissecting-rooms." "Is that your description of the noble Esoulapian science ? " laughed Charlie. "But I say, old boy, what's our bill-of-fun for to-morrow ?" " What do you say to a turn at angling at Willow River for a change ? The trout are in prime season," answered Harry. " Take care to be back before night," in terrupted Percy. "Why?" returned the other, con temptuously. " What school-girl nonsense is this? We're not frightened at the dark if you are." "Don't scoff too soon," retorted Percy. "' Nor laugh at scars till thou hast felt a wound,' " put in the mother, looking ten derly, at the Benjamin of her flock. "Well, then, hear the story," suggested the father; "for although I'm no believer in supernatural visitations, I am convinced that the apparition which so scared Percy 3 was not an hallucination but a reality, and 4 one which has made an indelible impression on his mind. But give your own account of it, my boy, in your own way," Mabel half-unconsciously nestled close to Charlie's protecting side whilst her brother 1 in a low earnest tone thus began his recital: "The last time I went fishing my after noon's sport had been unusually good. So I lingered on till nightfall at the river side. Then shouldering my rod and tackle, I took my basket, well laden with the fruits of my prowess, and turned homewards, whistling gaily the while. You all know that the nearest way back passes the old cemetery; but fear of the silent sleepers there or of demons or spirits disturbed not the even tenor of my thoughts. The moon rose gloriously, shedding a silvery light over white monuments and gently-waving yew trees and cypresses. The family vault of the Mordants stands in the centre of the ground, and on it my gaze was steadfastly fixed. I became sad as I mused on my young friend whose lifeless form we had so recently followed to that its last resting-place. Suddenly, to my horror and astonishment, I perceived rising out of the shadow of the marble a figure, tall and robed as if in white. A ?old shiver ran through my veins as the form glided in my direction. The 1 wall which separated us was no barrier to its progress, for in less time than it takes to relate he, she, or it was at my side. "'Who are you, and what do- you want?' " I demanded. "My reply, if such it may be called, was a low, piteous moan. My knees trembled as I turned to look at the miserable spirit, for such I felt certain it was, and found that it was clothed in the grim habiliments of the grave. The winding-sheet fell over the feet and trailed the ground. The face was covered with wrapping, completely conceal ing all but the eyes and nose. The former were large, black, and turned on me a deeply mournful expression. My head swam, my legs almost refused my support. However, I made a desperate effort to throw off fear and marched on as quickly as possible. Still my persecutor kept at my side, uttering a low piteous moan, and using all the. har rowing gesticulation of silent despair. More dead than alive, I reached at length our threshold; and with my remaining strength I pulled the bell and then fellin a fit upon the step. "fhis spectre, we hear, still haunts the neighbourhood, and makes a practice of joninig itself to all solitary pedestrians in their nocturnal rambles on business expedi tione." "I'm blest if this spiteful ghost shall do me out of my excursion," exclaimed Harry, at the conclusion of the talW. "No I indeed," rejoined Charlie; "it would be a chairming piece of knight mo dern- errantry to track this villain to his -lurking.place, and then belabour his back with a good stick." "Then you don't think it is a spirit," murmured Mabel. " No, dearest; and if I prove to you my coulectures are truths, what recompense will you reward me ? " "All that such a deed of chivalry demands of a lady fair," she returned playfully. After more animated discussion it was agreed that the students should on the morrow contrive a plot, whereby the mid night wanderer might be circumvented and punished. Thus they parted for the night, each to his or her couoh to dream-the parents of I asunny future for their children; Harry of a grand tournament, in which the weird in habitants of ghostland were the principal actors; Charlie of Mabel; and Mabel of orange-blossoms, bride-cake, and merry bells, whilst all these captivating visions in turn were the visitants of Percy's pillow. The next day the valiant students took counsel together and determined at all ha zards to steal a march upon the goblin by gaining an entrance to the vault from whence it was seen to rise. To mention their pro ject to the Mordants they decided was indeli cate; so they managed to convince the sex ton that by handing them his keys he was lending a hand in a good work. This was all speedily and satisfactorily arranged; and at ten" o'clock the next evening the two sal lied forth on their heroic mission. As on the former occasion the moon just rose. as they neared the grave-yard ; and by degrees in her brightening beams forming dim out lines and uncertain shadows all the mourn ful insignia of the sacred spot became dis tinctly visible. All nature seemed hushed in one of her profoundest slumbers, the air so still that the footfall of the young men sounded like the tramp of a distant army. In spite of their high resolve and vaunted bravery, Harry and Charlie felt their spirits sink to zero as they scaled the damp wall of the burial ground. "Charlie," whispered Harry, "you have the key ? " "Yes," was the brief response. After lighting the dark lantern, they noiselessly descended the steps. Below it was chilly, dark, and damp; the -atmos phere heavy and redolent of deathly earth. The coffins ranged around and one on the top of the other were in different stages of preservation. The velvet cover and bright ornamentation of that of some great grandsire was now sadly impaired and dimmed by age. In an obscure corner there was a tiny infant's in its gay mocking trappings still fresh and bright; whilst right opposite the intruders was the, yet untarn ished coffin of the recently-entombed Helen, who was supposed, at the return of each midnight hour, to break from her narrow confines to startle her quandoni friends and companions. "Let's go over close and make a minute examination," said Harry under his breath, pointing in the direction of poor Helen's corpse. " We're near enough to watch all that passes," replied Charlie in the same tone. For some time neither spoke, their heavy respiration and palpitating hearts being -the only signs of each other's presence. Every instant the air became more stifling and the nerves of the adventurers more highly wrought. "This is awful," muttered Charlie, his brain reeling and a tinckling sound rushing to his ears. "It will be a fine ending to my boasted gallantry if I faint; and per haps she, my MLabel, will laugh at me." He groaned in agony mentally.and physi cally at the bare idea. "Was that you, Charlie ?" demanded Harry impatiently. " Yes, only me; it's getting so oppressive down here." " Well, then, you'd better mount and keep guard aloft; for perhaps the spirit is lurking above." Most thankfully Charlie obeyed the order. Harry resumed his place and fixed his eyes steadily on Helen's niche. At length the old church clock numbered out the twelve strokes; and to Harry's horror the lid of her coffin was slowly and carefully lifted, and the figure so vividly described by Percy rose up deliberately and composedly ar ranged its shroud about it. For a moment this sight deprived Harry completely of his presence of mind; and as the cold drops stood on his brow and each particular hair almost stood on end, the 'ghost availed itself of his panic to glide past him, and would have eluded detection had not Harry made a desperate effort to recover himself and shout to Charlie to look out. "Now for it," he vociferated, and was in a trice at his friend's side, and the hide-and seek game commenced in earnest. For some time the phantom had the best of it. It was quite evident that it was well acquainted with all the ins and outs and secret hiding-places of the cemetery. Two against one are however strong odds, and the shade of the departed Helen seeing its pursuers so resolute, became desperate and resolved if possible to jump the wall. It rushed madly and wildly towards the wall, but almost feared to chance getting over, lest it would lose time and be overtaken in the act and captured. The ghost-hunters .were now more than ever persuaded they were not following a spectre, but some pitiful but hardened member of the human race. "I have you at last, you wretch," cried Harry, clutching at the grim habiliments of the enemy. " Who and what are you ? speak, or I'll pummel you to powder." Further attempt at disguise or flight being quite useless, in an abject voice it sued for mercy. It entreated the captors to take hands off, and promised a full con fession. "Get on then, you rascal," they com manded, releasing him. "I'm Bill Daredire," said the miscreant, divesting himself of his ghastly attire and displaying the slight figure of a young man. "I only intended to have a jolly lark by scaring the folks round about. The chaps as meet at the Noseablaze every night almost burst a laughing when I give 'em how I frightened that ere youngster of yourn. I was a lurking about when I heard yer planning with the sexton as how you intended to hunt me down. 'Now's yer time, Bill,' says the fellows, 'for yer to take the shine out of them two swells; and if yer'll do it we'll give yer a rare supper at Noseablaze as well as a heap o' tin.' So we got a coftin put in front of the young lady which completely hid 'ern. Two of my friends, Jack Cadger and Martin Wumpate, 'cam?e over and helped me in, and are now hiding somewhere near to see the fun. I humbly ax yer pardon, and if yer'll let me off this time I vow never to do the like agen." "If," answered Harry, sternly contem plating the culprit, "you swear solemnly to quit this county at daydawn to-morrow, never to set foot in it again, we will release you. If you break this treaty you and your companions had better look out." Bill thankfully complied with the stipu lated terms, and was soon out of sight. Arm in arm with a buoyant tread, the students soon reached home to tell the joyful result of the adventure. The family were all up anxiously awaiting their return. Harry gave a glowing account of the whole affair, generously omitting Charlie's momentary weakness in the vault, and giving him his fair half of the glory. It was early morn ing ere the little circle separated. "Dear Mabel," urged Charlie in low accents, " may I speak to your father at once and learn my fate ? " Her reply was inaudible to all save him whose vehement gratitude outstripped his prudence, for Percy exclaimed " Whatever is Mr. Bertram thanking Mabel so much for? " All eyes were now directed towards the confused young couple, who gladly escaped in the hurried good-nights. "My dear wife," said Mr. Thornby in the apartment sacred to matrimonial confabs, " do you know I fancy Charlie Bertram loves our Mabel ?" "No wonder," was the brief but rather evasive reply. Mr. Thornby guessed~tvhich way the wind blew, and in an aggrieved tone told his better half that he did not at all approve of a pale faced student without a rap in the world for his daughter's husband. "But, dear," she pleaded, "remember he is young, and with energy, perseverance, and talent. May he not win a position all the more honorable and praiseworthy for being of his own achievement. Men born to fortune and enervated by luxury, what are they ?-dolts, puppets, nonentities. Be sides, those who have fought with and gained victory over difficulties, and mounted step by step from the lowest rung of the world's ladder till the proud pinnacle of wealth and distinction has been attained are not these men," she continued, waxing warm, " the marrow and the back-bone of every people-the true heroes ?" "All very fine; but are you sure that this young paragon possesses the stern stuff necessary to the accomplishments of such grand ends ?" asked Mr. Thornby. "Yes, yes; I feel sure that with a goal in view, as our sweet girl, added to his merits, he will fulfil all my prophecies con- cerning him." "Well, well, you may be right. I re- collect what wonders you foretold a quarter of a century ago respecting one who I hope has risen to the height you predicted for him." "Indeed he has," she answered, looking fondly in her husband's face. "Ah, those dear, dear, old days, now gone." And she repeated sweetly — John Anderson, my jo John, When we were first acquaint, Your locks were like the raven, Your bonnie brow was brent. But now your brow is bald, John, Your looks are like the snaw; But blessings on your frosty pow, John Anderson, my jo. John Anderson, my jo John, We clamb the hill together; And many a canty day, John, We've had wi' one anither. Now we must totter down, John; But hand in hand we'll go ; And sleep together at the foot, John Anderson, my jo. No more was said; but it is needless to mention that kind John Thornby gave his consent to his daughter's union with young Bertram. Time fled by, bearing on its wings to the Thornbies most of the varied scenes which chequer human life. Tom returned from his roamings with a wife to Thornby Hall; and in due time the marry voices of children gladdened the hearts of their grandparents. Dr. and Mrs. Bertram live a few hours' drive from the home of Mabel's childhood; and Charlie is on the high road to prosperity, and boasts.five or six letters of the alphabet as the legitimate appendages to his name. Harry and Percy are enjoying a continental tour, and rejoice their mother by sending her long letters with .full, fervid, and poetic descriptions of the marvels of the eternal city and other foreign countries. Bill Dare dire faithfully kept his word, and never showed his face again in his native place; and since his departure ghosts have not disturbed the tranquillity of Grimly. INCOGNITO. Mr. H. G. Herbert, who was formerly colonial secretary of Queensland and late secretary to the railway department of the board of trade, has been appointed assistant under-secretary 'at the colonial office, where his abilities and experience will be emi nently valuable. The Times, in mentioning the appointment, says (rather gratuitously) that the office is one of much apparent authority, but no real power-whieh is simply nonsense. Everyone who knows the working of the department is aware that the permanent under-secretaries are the most important officials in the place. Upon them the chief secretary depends for his informa tion and guidance, and the appointment of an able man like Mr. Herbert is likely to be productive of much good to the colonies. If he will only mitigate Lord Granville's in sane desire to send the colonies adrift, and bring him to a proper frame of mind, he will earn the thanks of many men. Lord Granville has the reputation of being one of the most polished and gentlemanly men in Europe, and he is apparently in the habit of exhibiting these good qualities to everybody but the colonists, to whom it is his especial duty to be gracious. Mr. Herbert's career is thus set forth :-Educated at Eton and at Balliol College, Oxford, of which he was elected scholar in 1849; Hertford scholar, 1851; Ireland scholar, 1852; Latin Verse prize, 1852; Eldon asholar, 1854; elected fellow of All Souls, 1854; private secretary to the chancellor of the exchequer (the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone), 1855; called to the bar at the Inner Temple, 1858; ap pointed in 1859 colonial secretary of Queensland, and afterwards one of the secre taries of the board of trade. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE BY A CHILD.-A few days ago a girl, not more than twelve or fourteen years of age, got over a parapet on the west side of London bridge, and, after hesitating a moment or two upon the ledge outside, jumped into the river, falling a con siderable depth, as the tide was receding and low. A gentleman made an effort to prevent her, but she was so quick that he had not time to catch her dress. Two boats at once put off, one being that of the Thames police. Her dress buoyed her up, and the tide drifted her through the arch several yards beyond the bridge on the east side. She was still afloat when the boatmen pulled up to her and res cued her. 