CATHOLIC NOTES. WE learn that three Anglican clergymen of the High Church party, delegated by their coreligionists, are expected in Rome shortly. They will not, we hope, leave Rome until, in the words of St. Augustine, " they have learned the truth which they think they know." A Greek schismatical Archbishop, accompanied by several Bishops of his communion, is also expected. The Greek Archbishop of Thessalonica was converted at the Council of Treut, and the Church will no doubt be consoled by many similar conversions on the present occasion. THE Holy Father sent for the Archbishop of Westminster and Mgr. Merrnillod, Bishop-Coadjutor o£ Geneva, immediately on their arrival in Rome, and after commending with great cor- \- diality the zeal with which tlicy have defended Apostolic truth, expressed the peculiar satisfaction with which he welcomed the chief pastors of two dioceses which were not represented at the Council of Trent. THE Bishop of Belley, in his Pastoral Letter before going to the Council, says :—" The cause of the Cure d'Ars will occupy me much during my st.iy in Rome ; I Bliall do my best to promote its advancement." When we remember how many Saints preceded and followed the Council of Trent, these words have a deep significance for the Christian ear. " I STOOD in the crowd" (at the opening of the Council), says a writer in a Brussels journal, "by the side of one who was lately a member of the Florence Government. He ceased not to repeat to himself, "It is overwhelming, it IB incredible,' and his eyes were filled with tears." THE Marquis of Bute has presented to the Pope a magnificent silver processional cross, made in Scotland, and adorned with Scotch stones. His Holiness has given orders that it is to he used during the Council at the head of the processions. IT is supposed that the question of civil marriage will be likely to occupy the early attention -of the Congregation of Discipline. THE Holy Father has conferred the Grand Cross of Pius IX. on the Earl of Denbigh and Lord Petre. THE Holy Father, alluding to the extra-conciliar meetings which have excited so much interests is said to have made the following remark :—"All this will calm down and be productive of good. That which is only human will expend itself in these discussions, at which the Holy Ghost does not preside, but within the Aula whatever is done will be by His working .and His inspiration, and therefore no exaggerated importance must be attached to the debates among the Bishops which take place outside the sphere of the Council" _ TRUTH proceeds sometimes even from mendacious oracles. The most courageous men find it difficult to lie without intermission. In the letter of the Roman correspondent of the Times, of the 22nd, there are many falsehoods, "but there is one truth. "In all the free countries," he says, " and where the PreSB brings everything to light and makes what comments it pleases, Rome is spreading and flourishing.'' Lord Macaulay made the same remark some years ago. He marvelled that the progress of knowledge and mental activity, instead of hindering, seemed only to favour the growth of Catholic opinion. He did not know that it finds its most invincible antagonist in self-conceited ignorance. THE Pall Mall Gazette states, on the authority of a German paper, that the Swedish law which punished conversion from Lutheranism with fines has just been repealed. Our witty contemporary feels that this mitigation of Protestant intolerance -will give non-Catholics increased freedom from hesitation " in throwing stones at Romish brothers." We shall net care much for the pelting, if we can make a good Jiarvest of converts in Sweden. The Pall Mall may treble its pelting, if it will bnt advocate .successfully a little toleration of Catholics in Russia.—Tablet. 