SPORTING. THE WATERLOO RACE MEETING. Diewaras— on ooan morpnen,' nou. iionn Baker, Messrs. J. Fonnby, J. H. Parr, and R. Holland. Judge— Mr. P. B. Coglin, M;P. Starter-Mr. W. D. Fisher. Kaoing in any form is welcome nowadays, and , whole afternoon's sport, with five wellcon ested events, is a thing to be remembered. It las never been admitted for a moment that the porting spirit had vanished from our midst; tut- the evidences of its existence had become o feeble that it was positively refreshing to see , good programme issued for 'Waterloo )ay,' and a favourable response given to t.; Looked at in its best light our londition- in a racing point of view is rery deplorable, but it is not utterly desperate. iVe allow our big neighbours to treat us with leserved contempt, and even our little leighbour Tasmania to overshadow us. But yhen a few energetic men suggest a promiscuous neeting, and go to the trouble of arranging all tfetiminaries, we do them the honour to recog use their efforts. Those who have horses landy consent to run them, and the public good laturedly consent to see them run, especially if hey are able to do it on the cheap. How long -ur enthusiasm is to be confined within such larrow limits it is hard 'to say. The Jockey Dlub has been defunct for a time that may dmost be counted by years, and yet no effectual effort to resuscitate it has been made. We pitifully- allow stray scratch matches to represent imongst us the noble institution of horse-racing. - The success of the Waterloo day must have iwakened amongst many longings for a revival if-, old times. The weather was glorious, and the East Park Lands, with their verdant livery, brought back the memory of many a pleasant Spring Meeting. Few sights could be prettier than that which the Old Adelaide Course at this season commands. The hiila in the dis tance are clothed with young 'grass, the fields between are rejoicing in their burden of spring ing corn, while- the park itself is carpetted pith green, and set on? with rows «r clumps of' ' flourishing gums. Mr. Coglin may took with pride at the land of which he is lessee, albeit he has seventeen hundred golden reasons for having his gratification tinged with melancholy. His anticipations of the kindly sympathy and co-operation of hi3 sporting brethren have been rudely dispelled. In bis ardour he schemed and fenced, he planted and buflded ; but so far he has done nothing but construct monuments of hi3 own sanguine dis position. We wish him well out of his difficulties, and hope that he may yet see all bis wishes ac complished with the aid of men in whom the sporting public have confidence. He haa shown his sincerity by staking a good round sum in solid cash upon the Course, and the sooner he can come to some arrangement for handing it over to a responsible Jockey Club the better it will be for all concerned. There must be mutual concession before so desirable a consummation can be brought about* But to return once more to the special races of Saturday, June 18th. For such an occasion there was a large muster of spectators — not lore, it is estimated, than from 1,500 to 2,000. Evaa within the Grand Stand enclosure sporting men congregated in force. ' Of ladies there were few. but of gentlemen identified with sport there were scores. His Excellency Ithe Governor and his Aide-de-Camp arrived early, and there were also many members of Parliament and well-known colenists. All the etceteras of a regular meeting were at hand. There were booths and betting, policemen and their special detestation— small dogsand small boys. Oneortwobookmakers,who, with a speculative audacity worthy of a better cause, haa come from Melbourne, were also on the field striving, and to a large extent in vain, to get up a furore* The transactions entered into were of a very guarded character, not at all calculated to make the winner or ruin ths loser. The horses were for the most part brought to the post in first-class condition, and the strict punctuality observed is worthy of all praise. Mr. W. D. Fisher was the real manager of the whole affiair, aid although in bis new character of ; ..starter he did not achieve peculiar success, in every other capacity his zeal and attention contributed very extensively to the . _ success of the sports. . The Maidens were ran off before the bulk of the company had arrived, so rigidly was the advertised time adhered to. This race is; memorable aa. bringing i&to; prominent notice Mr. G. Baker's gelding Paul Jones. Although, not full-bred, he has the Conrad blood in him, and promises to make a little stir before completing his career. It is not many months since lie was embarked to cross to India. Whilst in his stall he attracted the attention of His Excellency, who detected in him points of excellence, and at hu suggestion he. was slung on to the wharf again. H« carried off the Maiden Plate with the greatest ease, although hia right to it has been disputed, on. the ground of his being entered vnder age. Whether or no, bis style of running gained for him public favour to such an extent that he rose to a premium for the Wellington Cup. although he was pitted against two old stagers and another likely winner. Monk, through bis achievements in the steeple chase and his late victory over Pick-me-up at Thebarton, has well nigh obliterated thememory of bis old eccentricities. He has improved wonderfully under Alford's care, and tit* manner in which he carried through the work cut out for him on Saturday waa a caution. The course was a thrc s-mile 6ns with 14 fence jumps, tome of them real raspers 4 feet 9 inches high, but he never hesitated at one of them. Whkefoot came almost up to him in style, but he failed to keeD it up, and lost Iris chance, even dropping behind Dinah, who after two or three spills and a good deal of awkward jump* ng, atoned for by a few well cleared fences, won the race in, and so got second place. Launcelot, naturally formed upon an elephantine model, was more clumsy than usual, and dashed t the fences in a haphazard way that altogether anfused his rider, although it did not shake his Burage, for when his chance tras hopelessly at □i end he persisted in going the double round, 'opthorn, m spite of the extent of daylight he lows under him, did not distinguish himself, fe persevered, however, and had the satisfac ion of eventually runing home after doing all bat it was his duty to do. For the future, [onk, all being well, will be despised in no teeplechase field that he chooses to present imself in. The Wellington Cup was prettily won by 'aul Jones, who was very carefully ridden by L Roe. Paul is a lightish bay, and has be outward seeing of a racehorse, although ot wanting in marks of his imperfect pedigree. le is the medium size, and runs with a free beady stride. He is quiet and tractable, and ras destined for a hack, but is likely now to be eserved for better things. Cupbearer, who ran gainst him, has evidently of late been living a the fat of the land ; but his condition, fhich told so well for his looks, told badly upon ift pace. He went well for about a mile and a lalf , but at the end the younger horses got the letter of him. Old Cedncwas sleek and in :ood blood, but the distance was too great for rim. He placidly kept in front for a mile, nd then left the others to fight it out. xmsdale was riot particularly fit. At starting ie was seen to be suffering under rather more han the ghost of a limp, but after all he made t good fight of it, and only gave a few feet of antage ground to the blue and white stripes, appropriately enough the Duke ef Wellington arriea off tine trials, although not without a evere struggle; his apponents, Darkie and Cup learer being jealous of their ancient honour, ind a new chum, Pirate, being [ambitious to ibtain ah early fame. The Hacks, after a sharp et-to between four out of the five competitors, ell to Coquette. ' The sports commenced at 1, and closed shortly tfter half -past 4, so that the public had daylight 0 return home in. We subjoin particulars of. heraceis-^- ?'-' l Maiden Plate.— For horses that have never ron public money.,1 A sweepstake of 5 sovs., 2 ovs. forfeit, with — sovs. added. Weight for ige.' One mile. ? : £r. G. Baker's b.g. Paul Jones, by Conrad, out of Fanny, 4 yrs. (H. Roe) ... ... 1 Jr. P. McEnnill's b.g. Flying Dutchman, 8yrs. (Shugg)... ... ... ? ... ... 2 Hr. J. Harvey's b.f., 3 yrs. (R. Hussey) ... 3 This race created very little excitement, and here was nothing known to lead the betting. Paul Jones headed at an early stage, and won rith the utmost ease, never having been pressed rom first to last. There was a struggle for econd~~place; but the gelding contrived to ittain it, coming in half a dozen lengths after ffr. Baker's colours and a couple in front of the hree-year-old. The time was very cautious— 1 min. 3 sec. for a mile. . ; , Mr. McEnhill protested against Paul Jones on I he ground of his age being understated. J \ f . '?- , I ' SECOHD BACK. ^ '* I Steeplechase.— Sweepstake of 7 sovs., 3 sovs. orfeit, with — sovs. added. : Handicap. ' About three miles. , , ? ' ? .:;- '' ,.' !'. . ..'.Y. ;~ ,?';. Mr. Maloney's br.g. Monk, by Croupier (bred by Mr. H. B. Hughes), aged, 11 st.- 12 lbs. (Alford) ; ... ....... ... r ... 1; tfr.|W. V. Brown's km. Dinah (late Seagull), 6 yrs., 10 st. 7 lbs. (J. Williams) ; ... ... 2 Bon. J. Baker's b.g. Wbitefoot, aged, 10 st. 5 lbs. (H. Roe) ... ... ... ... 3 Mr. J. P. Williams's b.g. Topthorne, aged, . ; 10 st. 12 lbs. (J. Tunstall) ... . ... ... / 0 Mr. A. L. Gordon's b.g. Launcelot, aged,' 12 st. 1 Ib. (Amateur) ... ... , ... 0 . Aneventener onthe field was freely offered, but not so freely accepted. Monk was favou rite, the impression being that, bar accident, nothing could touch him. Launcelot was not named as against him, but Whitefoot had his friends. Monk struck out for first place, and securing it valiantly kept it without making a angle faux pas to forfeit his title or discourage his supporters. Launcelot made 'a game dash for leadership, but plunged awkwardly at his jumDs, and at the third fence shook himself free of his rider, and took his own pace until col lard and brought back to resume the orthodox course. Dinah showed a disposition to strike work, baulking at the first fence, and giving place to Topthorn and Whitefoot, who kept abreast of each other for about a quarter of a mile. Mr. Baker's gelding soon got tired of the company, and getting up steam put himself within an easy distance of Monk. Nearly two miles out of the three were traversed by the pair with a distance of 200 or 300 yards between them. Whitefoot now and then drew on Monk at the leap, but the wiry ecclesiastic made up for it in the running. At last Roe in his eagerness slightly overdid the pace, and at the last|f ence but two brought Whitefoot to the ground, leaving the coast clear for the favourite, who won amidst (rounds of applause. Mean while Dinah had been doing unlocked for pro* digies of valour. Having overreached Mr. Williams's lanky quadruped, the at the fifth fence overreached herself, and with her jockey fell prone on the other side. Quickly regaining her legs and recovering her jockey, she managed to get past the ttand for the first time ahead of Topuome. At the eighth fence she onca more came to grief, but after a short delay renewed the race and overtook Wbitefoot jurt aa Roe had coaxed him on hia legs. The two raced for home, but Mr. Baker's gelding had entirely lost his elasticity of step, and a vigorous application of whalebone f ailad to improve his spirits, Dinah got in second by half a dozen lengths. Whilst these events were in progress the Amateur had pluckily set out to retxiev* h£° misfortunes, and although thrown out to the full extent of three minutes actually managed to past Topthome. Instead of keeping the course put the Judges' chair he leapt the fence into the wddling-paddock, leaving Tunstall the honour of fourth place. Time, 8 nun. 86 sees. THIBD BACK. ' Wellington Cup. — A sweepstake fofilQaovp,, ; 3 sovs. forfeit, with — sovar added. Handicap, Two miles. ? - j., - _: Mr. G. Baker's b.g. Paul Jones, by Conrad, ,i 4yrs.,8rt. (H.Boe) ... ... .,.- | Mr. W. H. Foraby's b.g. Lonsdale, 6 yra., ^ 9-*.51bs.-ToUriU).-« ...... v.,';! Mr. T. RWs b.g. Cupbearer, aged, 9 rt. - 12 lbs. (W. Simpson)... ... ... ...8 Mr. J. Lamb's eg. Cedric, aged, 8st. . 10 lbe. (Webber.) There was ? good start, and: for fully a mile the four kept close together, Cupbearer having a slight lead, and Paul Jones the last position. That distance accomplished Cedric dropped to the rear, and Lonsdale and Paul coUariBg|Mr. Ryan's veteran first of all raced with him neck-and-neck, and then crept ahead of him. At the commencement of the straight running it was impoanble to say which of the pair had the advantage; but on nearing the Stand Mr. Baker's colsurs were discovered ia the foreground, with Cup and Lonadale fighting for second place; Paul Jones was landed at least half a dozen lengths ahead, Mr. Formby's gelding being second by a length. Cedric was hope* lessly in the rear. The race all through waa a pretty one, and tiia winner was well ridden; Time, 3 m, 58 sec. FOUBTB BACl. : Trial Stakes.— A sweepstake of 6 sovs., 2 sovs. forfeit, with — sovs. added. Weight for age. One and a half miles. . Mr. J. Jackson's b.g. Duke of Wellington, by Darkie, out of Minkmette, by Egremont, out of Grey Bess, imported from Tanninia, 8vn.(Tothul) ? ... ... ... 1 Mr. Geo. Baker's b.g. Pirate, 3 yrs. (Roe) ... 2 Mr. W. Manuel's br.g. Darkie, aged (G- Freeman) ... ... ... ... ... 8 Mr. T. Ryan's b.g. Cupbearer, aged (W. Simpson). ??'-..'. Mr. P. McEnkffl's b.g. Flying Dutchman, 3 yrs. (Shugg). After a good deal of fidgeting the field got away tolerably well together. Cupbearer for a quarter of a mile or so was left a little in the rear, with Pirate leading, but «t the north- watt corner Simpeon pushed ahead, leaving Ejyiagr Dutchman the honour of last position. There was a sharp struggle for precedence between Pirate, Darkie, Cupbearer, and the Duke, each in turn showing their beads in front, but shortly before entering the straight Cupbearer lost ground, leaving the contest to the other three. Ultimately thelron Duke wrested thelaurels from Pirate, whohadbid fair tat victory for two-thirds of the distance. A loud cheer greeted Totbill as he pushed past the Judges' chair about a length in advance, Mr. Baker's familiar bhio and white stripes pressing- close on his quarter, ' and Darkie immediately behind. Cupbearer followed at a more respectful distance, and the - Dutchman dropped in a few seconds later. It .- was a capital race, and at the nuish caused no email show of excitement. Time— 2 min. 59£ sec. \ FIFTH BACE. , ; ^ j Hacks.— A sweepstake of 2 sovs., with — .^ Bovs. added. One and a half miles. Post entrance. Catch weights. ' Mr. McEnhilTs cm. Coquette (McEnhill) ;. / '1M Mr. H. Roe's b.g. Stride (McGarry) „. ?'..,' 2J Mr. Leaman's br.g. Tippoo (W. Brown) ? W 3 ! Mr. S. Ferry's b.g. Cornet (F. Ward) Y - i U . ?? ) Mr. E. - Cartwright's cm. Lady of the' Lake -.ro j (CrackneU). i - There was a little delay at the starting, Stride 'j and another having made up their minds to try conclusions before acknowledging the competi tion of the rest. They had gone over fully half the distance before they were reined in and brought home.' When at length the lot got off in proper style, the Lady, who had been clipped and draws very fine indeed, fell lamentably behind, btride had the disadvantage of a bad etart, but tcon drew up alongside of Tippoo and Coquette and Comet, who were all together in the front. At the beginning of the run the' race appeared j tobe between Stride and Coquette, butthe'pre- -- 1 minary run told against the latter, and he not ' oi ly yielded the palm to the mare, but allowed '? Cornet to creep in ahead of him. Y ? ... ??.[ \ The Hoa. J. Baker entered a . protest against - n;ppoo and Coquette on the ground of their ; ) s- vmg won public money, and a similar protest , \- as lodged by Tippoo's owner agaiait Coquette t tad Stride, , . . . , _ . ? ? ... ';i'-;. 