CHURCH FOR THE DEAF AND DUMB. HE Prince of Wales on Tuesday laid the emorial Btone of St. Saviour's church for he deaf and dumb, Oxford-street. Tbe asociation in aid of the deaf and dumb has for any years pursued its difficult work; but ot until Tuesday were the committee able to ealise one of their most cherished wishes, in be commencement of a place of worship, here the worshippers shall be tbe afflicted nes whom they make their speoial care. he association in other ways gives secular intruction to these helpless beings. Oral c reaching to the deaf would of course be use less; and special provisions are therefore made for the delivery of sermons in-the finger-and sign language. Every week in eight parts of London a dozen religious services are carried on under the auspices of the association, and by these means every year numbers of deaf and dumb are prepared for - confirmation. Thanks to the Rev. 8. Smith, who in bis own person combines the heavy duties of chaplain and secretary, during the past few years three hundred, deaf and dumb persons have been BD instructed that employers were found willing to receive them into their mercantile establishments. The association's efforts have been keenly appreciated by the two thousand deaf mutes who live in London; but the income is insufficient to enable the whole of the. field to be covered. Besides the chaplain, there are only three permanent visitors employed, whereas oix would hardly be able to do' the work which might be done. The ceremony of Tuesday was consequently interesting from the double reason of its immediate objebt, and from the .new support it is calculated to bring to tbe association. Out of the thousands of persons who collected in Oxfordstreet on Tuesday, to see the Prince and Princess of Wales, and the two hundred who assembled within the marquee, it is not unreasonable to hope that liberal and cheerful givers may be found to aid tbe benevolent labours of tbe association. The-church will stand at the. corner of Oxford- street and Qneen-Btreet, a little to tbe east of North Audley-street, arid it will be a handsome - building designed with some view to its pro-" minent position regarding the two thoroughfares. : It is to be in the Italian style, of red brick with richly carved stone dressings, cor-' nices, parapets, and doorways. Within, tbe church'will be octagon shaped, and it will ac-' commodate eight hundred to nine hundred person's. The pieoeof land upon which the cliurcb 'is. to be built, and which is worth at least £3500, was given by the Marquis of Westminster. The -building will cost between £6000 and £7000. The Prince, with the Princess, arrived about four o'clock, and was conducted to 'a daisj where the Marquis and Marchioness of Westminster, Lord and Lady Ebury, and the Archbishop of York were awaiting tbem. His Grace commenced the proceedings by reading an address to tbe Prince, welcoming him to assist in the completion of an undertaking which, ia the face of many obstacles had been in operation for thirty years. The Prince in reply, expressed the great satisfaction with which he complied with tbe request to lay tbe first stone of a building to be dedicated to God's service under such peculiar circumstances. The Princess desired him to say also how much pleasure she felt in participating in the ceremony. He himself, indeed, esteemed it a high favour to have been called upon to aid the prosecution of so noble a work, which ad received the patronage of the Queen and he magnificent gift of a site from the Maruis of Westminster. A beautiful bouquet f flowers waB presented to the Princess by iss Woodward, a deaf and dumb lady. The hoir of her Majesty's Chapel Royal, after he Prince's reply, chanted ® psalm, and tbe icar of St. Mark's, North Audley-street, reeated some appropriate texts of Bcripture. bvmn having been sung, tbe Prince of Wales laid the stone in the usual manner, saying, " In the faith of Jesus Christ we lay this foundation-stone of the church for the deaf and dumb, to bear the name of Saint Saviour's, in the name of the Father, and of tbe Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost." The Archbishop of York intoned several prayers, and delivered a brief address. A number of ladies laid purses on tbe stone. Tbe chaplain interpreted the speeches, prayers, &o.;, to the deaf and dumb present, as tbe proceedings progressed by the wonderful system of signs, of which he is acknowledged to bs a consummate master. The royal visitors were both on their arrival and departure loudly cheered in the streets. 