COACHING IN EflGLAHD. THE TDKBBIDGK-WELLS COACH. (FBOM THE LOKDOK DAILY TELEGBAPH, HAT 4.) Duringthe twelve months which hare passed since this coach's pleasant holiday journey was described in these columns, its reputation has extended far and wide, and when it com menced running last Saturday, it was as if a well-known sight of the London Beason were being admired and appreciated by the crowds assembled in its honour. From India, Aus tralia, and the United States words of con gratulation to this and to the Brighton yen mre have come, and there are fewer better known institutions than the new old four-in hand stage coaches. There have been some changes in its proprietary, in its fares, in the time occupied on the road, and in that allowed for refreshment or recreation at Tunbridge wells. The colour of the coach, too, has been changed, and an entirely new set of horses has been bought, but in the essentials of com fort; speed, and regularity, it is as when it was written of last year, and gives Londoners the opportunity of enjoying some of the most ex quisite landscape scenery in England at a small cost, and in the most luxurious and ex biliraring fashion possible. Mr. Charles Hoare is still at the headof the concern, but has ad mitted as co-partners his friends Captain Chap lin and CaptainHawthorne, and one or other of these three gentlemen-all expert whips Will drive the coach to and from Tunbridge wells and the White Horse Cellar, Piccadilly, every week-day in the season, inviting the pub lic to share their enjoyment, and pledging them selves to secure the comfort of their cus tom eis by every means in their power. There is, it must be understood, nothing amateur about this coach, save that it is driven by men of fortune, who do not take tips, and that, although commendable attention is paid to the science of profit and loss, it is not run primarily for gain. It says much, however, for the general interest inspired by this spirited revival of the old coaching- days that the enterprise paid its own expenses last year, And, if the applications made for seats for last Saturday may be accepted as a criterion, it seems reasonable to infer that lite number of its patrons will increase steadily. The people walking or driving down Picca dilly on Saturday morning came upon a crowd of well-dressed loungers and a perfect block of vehicles, long before the White Horse Cellar was in sight. There must be a.'wonderful cohesion among those interested in.coaching, for we recognised the groups on die pave ment, and the liveries or the carriages, as the same as were at the starring of this coach last year, as well as outside the Ship at Charing-cross on the occasion of the Brighton coach commencing its season. It rnju reaUr difficult to realise tbat twelve months had ~ by. The jocularities of theHansom a and the omnibus drivers ; the oon itulations of .the aristocratic bystanders who, , come to me the start, the subdued im patience of the radiant steeds, the indefinable holiday look or every one who had secured h seat, the visible interest felt by the tradesmen and householders,, who could pj Any. possibility see the coach from their win dows or doors-all belonged to our previous (experience. And recalled It vividly. The sky, however, looked threatening, and it was an open question with some whether titer should return by train from Tunbridge, while .the quantity of waterproofs and wraps stowed on the coach's roof proved bow general was the {expectation of tain. Let us say at once that every one stuck to the ship, and that tbtoe coming bade to London scorned to .avail themselves of the railway. , Mr. Hoare took the zeiiis punctually at 10 : thg helper* ofeach pone's, bead xpi by their «pintea charges limply for a few paces, and then with lusty blasts from the guard's horn, and animated .comment* from its passengers, the Tonbridge ^^ooadi *Pgd off itMffi, those waiting M^SSmg^tts^r^tobe "fcoegoodon jstyW^Fhe jreak feaAire ojithbutttfoge |was mud; -was plentiful in f the sculptor by simply removing the ma I which had caked and hardened on both. 11 Lewisham, where we changed horses at a different tavern from that chosen last year, hut where the village quid- tiuncs, the tidy old gentlemen with nothing to do, who look 8S if they miss painfully the shop or office from which they have retired, and the fair young ladies with long back hair, twisted into ropes and ' decorated by ribbons in the exact style affected a third of a century ago by the Misses Ken wigs, in Nicholas Nickleby, all displayed an intense in terest in the coach's arrival and departure. It gave them ideas. There were the beautiful Worses to talk about, the novelty of the coach .being painted in imitation of the celebrated " White Hastings " to canvas, and the posi -tion in life aud probable means of the several passengers to speculate upon. Everyone smiled a welcome, and the guard-whose -musical talent has improved by practice-let /Bromley know of our approach before we left .the intermediate village of Southend. We were in the country now. The rain of the .last few hours had done wonders for the tender spring leaves, and though natttre .seemed a little behindhand in her arrange ments for this year, not a hedge-row, nor a park, nor a tree-crowned hillside, but was lull of promise. The prevailing colour of the landscape hereabouts was that soft deli cate green which trees and gardens wear f)efore they have attained the richness of ."summer maturity; and the rose trees of Bromley College were only beginning to show leaf. It was not until we were near the latter town that wo left .the mud, and heard the familiar sound of the hoofs upon the 'hard road. Given four trained horses and a -good whip, and there is no finer open-air music in the world than that proceeding from the regular pit-a-pat of equine feet as they bound gaily on a level highway. Was it fancy, though, which painted this stage as one of the slowest of the journey, and .made an obtrusive stranger propound the 'theory that the gallant captain to whom Mr. Hoare gave up the rains at Lewisham was driving his own. hunters, and wished ?to keep them in ? We pulled up for' a moment at the familiar White Hart -at Bromley, and we are changing horses at .Farnborough, and asking after old acquaint ance at its roadside inn, almost before we have lost sight of the bright red and bran new villas which form the first town's out skirts. There are no picnic parties to-day, and, as it seems, no prospect of sun -shine. The scenery has a totally different -aspect from that which it had when we saw it >last, aud the glorious expanse viewed from Madamscourt-hill is full of fleeting shadows -and aqueous vapour. Mr. Ruskin's cele brated " Chapter on Clouds," in which he asks several times in the course of a few pages, -and in praise of Turner, " Has Claude done this?" occurred to one irresistibly in the course -of the coach ride on this lowering day. The snecessionof glorious prospects were as full of vbeauty as ever, but of beauty of a widely different character from the peaceful calm -which is their common characteristic. The "smiling field*, the fat meadows, the rich land ..lying tallow, the sleek cattle, the hinds at work, the villages nestling among trees, the noble country seats, all lay in snadow; so -that, as we rushed by the hedge rows and ? skirted the lull sides, we .had. before us a -couutry in which the bright hues of spring were subdued by just such solemn purples and greys as Taylor and Cox have paiuted so -often and so well. The rain we expected > never came, and wa watched the whitd mist lying softly in the valleys, the colossal . banks of vapour, the ghosts of clouds flitting "by in white aud filmy crescents, the undulatqry . -masses of bluish- black crowning the distant hills, with a great sense of the suppressed storm and tempest which hovered about our -course. Both the company and toe horses '*were in the highest possible spirits, however! : the one showing It in general good fellowship, the other in their spirited action aixd unflag ging pace, dp hill or down hill, it mattered , -little, for we never lost the exhilarating aensfi . of rapid motion,, and villages and roadside ..mansions Hew by us as the wind. It is worth . stating, though, that the speed of the Tan .'bridge-wells coach has less to do with the easfc with whioh its journey is accomplished than the perfection to which the administration of :4ts business has been brought. No odd minutes are lost on the road. When it stops ?to change horses, that operation is concluded An the minimum of time; and iu nothing -does it recall the glories of -the coaching past vanore vividly than in the arrangements which -enable it to -cover so many miles in a . pre scribed number of hours without eveir seem . £ng to hurry unduly, or to expose its passen gers to risk. An hour is allowed for luncheon .at Tun bridge-wells now, and a little more .time is given to the road, so that the traveller Jeaviug Piccadilly at 10 a.m. is landed at the White Horse Cellar ciritbe return j^t 7 p.m., &aviug; in the nine hours been conveyed over -more than $9 miles in the garden of England. ?? ;The copulations of IUvetrhead, Seven Oak?, ?iJRiver-hiH, and Tonbridge all turned out-op ^Saturday in the coach's honour, and from toe : .workhouse children who exercised their lungs ?on the roadside, to the fairest half of a ne wl j *n«rtted couple, who surveyed us through a -double eyeglass from the balcony of the Duke' . -of Sussex, and: smiled a welcome as -we dashed .up that hostelry, there seemed to be a feeling 'that every one on the coach was foe some fin* -definable reason entitled to public thanks. When the city gentleman known iu the .county, so ran the gossin for his good seat . .across country, came tohis lodgegate, and wav ing -something white and shining above his head signalled us to-stop, his attitude was that of Ajax defying the lightning, as depicted -by professional posture masters. How quickly we discovered he meant hospitality, that the -something white was* silver salver, and that -tfae brown cheery produced in honour, of the . [first 4ayof AM season-win excellent : and hojnr. -deeply we mourned, nftt; to.pay resented, piir friendly Aj ax's Absence from Ids po« on the return journey,^those on the coach knowwelj. . Xt vara mistake in art, ir# said, to treat u« so splendidly in the morning, and to let a? paw by thiratyin thd.tfte b at least o» -disappointi ?party, too, concoction the wad sboa th» ,future jm In toe unexoei., ; friend vuul gut (fan for asgratitadti,anid 'AH the whole. wlttioiamsto be 4£ ftUrtip-oupj, it wfn agreed ©f mansions on so arrange, matters for n thelr, gladneii nabio form adopted by w^ththedlffer up story too ; and it really seemed as if those riding on it were part and parcel of a triumphal proces sion, approved of by tbe country side. The foreigner with the shaven face, the long hair, and the coral charm against the evil eye, whom everybody regarded as a pleasantly convivial mystery, for in his anxiety to prove himself worthy of the occasion he drank English ale or Scotch whiskey at every stage, and then proclaimed his enjoyment with'much effusive eloquence- this foreigner declared the scenery we drove through to be finer than any* thing else in Europe; and though his praise savoured of extravagance, it may be doubted whether there is anything more exquisite in its way than the view over the fertile plain after the hill succeeding Knowle-park and Seven Oaks is passed. The enthusiasm on the return journey was even greater than in the morning. The horses were as eager, and the lookers on more numerous. The young officers who went through the pantomime of receiving the passing coach with open arms from the win dows of the Horse Guards ; and the cabmen who in taking up fares in Piccadilly were far more solicitous as to the success of the day's journey than as to where they should drive, developed in their several ways a touch of coaching nature.which made them kin. But it is to the general public, to the people who love a holiday spent amid lovely scenery and pure country air, to whom this venturers more really important than to any advancedenthu siasts; and the news that the Tunbridge wells coach has commenced running for the season will, we hope, speak genially of pic nics and summer jaunts to many hundreds of these. 