CEREMONY OF LAYING THE FOUNDA- TION STONE OF A NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH. Yesterday afternoon tho ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new church for the Wesleyans in Upper Davey-street took place according to arrangement in the presence of a large number of spectators. Some time ago a a bazaar was held in behalf of the building fund for this church, when a creditable sum was realized forming with the subscriptions then promised the nucleus of a fund which has been liberally augmented since that time. The Wes- leyans have had a cause in Davey-street many years, a Sunday-school being conducted in a school room formerly rented by Mr. Daniel Simpson, and which was afterwards, with other premises and a good sized plot of ground, purchased by the denomination. Divine service has also been held in the school room, under the auspices of the ministers of the Hobart Town circuit. The increase of scholars and the requirements of the congregation have shown them the necessity of enlarging their borders ; and availing themselves of the eligible site in front of the school-house for providing additional accommodation. It is a matter of regret with the promoters of the un- dertaking, that steps were not taken many years ago, when times were more favorable, for erect- ing a new Church ; but the growing importance of the locality, and the absolute need of those concerned, at length determined the friends of the cause to make an effort, and carry out the long-cherished design. On the twenty-fourth of May, last year, some of the more ardent mem- bers got up a tea-meeting at the school-room, the proceedings of which we noticed at the time. The Rev. Hans Mack presided on that occasion, and the circumstances having been clearly ex- plained, and tho necessity for action demon- strated, preliminary resolutions were adopted, and an active committee appointed. The then Superintendent of the Circuit, the Rev. S. Iron- side, took a deep interest in the movement, and the various influences brought to bear upon the friends culminated in the holding of the success- ful bazaar, to which wo have alluded. Plans hav- ing been prepared by Messrs. Crouch and Wilson, architects of Melbourne, tenders were invited early in the present year, for the erection of a new. church capable of seating three hundred and fifty persons, and the tender of Mr. John Anderson was accepted at £1440 for the building, seating, and fittings. The authorities of the district had sanctioned a grant from the building fund of £300, and the total sum available up to the time of laying the foundation stone was £880 16s. 1d. No time has been lost by the contractor in excavating and putting in the foundations, and the work as far as it has gone is of the most substantial character. The build- ing is to be of stone, and in the Gothic style of architecture, occupying an area of C6 feet by 38 feet, and will include Church, vestry, and two class rooms, affording as we have stated, accom- modation for three hundred and fifty persons ; the old school-room remaining, of course, avail- able for school purposes. The brown stone to be used in the building is procured from the Summerhill's quarries, and the white stone from those of Bridgewater. When complete it will be a neat building, and add one to the ornamental buildings of Upper Davey-street. The trustees determined to solicit the services of Henry Hopkins, Esq., in the ceremony of laying the foundation stone. Another part of the arrangement was that the Chairman of the District, the Rev. W. A. Quick, President of Horton College, should assist and deliver an address suitable to the occasion. In consequence of the inclemency of the weather the ceremony was deferred until yesterday, when, notwithstanding tho quantity of rain that had fallen, and the muddy state of the streets, the attendance was such as to justify the resolve not to have any further postpone- ment. The time fixed for laying the stone was half past two ; a platform was erected, and planks laid down to avoid as much as possible the des agremens of the mud. A number of the Sunday school children attended, and long before the appointed time the spectators began to arrive. There were also the Wesleyan ministers and some ministers of other churches, a good many other gentlemen, and some ladies who braved the weather to evince the interest they felt in the ceremony. Among the ministers and others we noticed the Rev W. A. Quick, Chairman of the District, Revs. Hans Mack, and Jos. Graham ministers of tho Hobart Town circuit, Rev. J. Hutchison, minister of the New Town circuit, Rev. Mr. Bird, New Norfolk circuit, Rev. John Storie, St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Rev. J.W. Simmons, Union Chapel, Rev. J.Long, Primitive Methodist Church, Rev. R. McLean, Presbyterian, Mr. Pratt, one of the members for Hobart Town in the House of Assembly, Messrs. G. Wilson, J. P. Woolley, James Smith, Kipling, W. Smith, Davis, R.S. Waterhouse, W. Waterhouse, Smith, Espie, Mccormack, Hawson, R.A. McLean, Connor, T. J. Crouch, J. Anderson, (the Contractor for the Church), and Rowntree (Superintendent of Works), &c.; The proceedings commenced by the Rev. Hans Mack reading the hymn commencing " Before Jehovah's awful Throne," which was sung to the Old Hundredth. Prayer was then offered by tho Rev. J. Storie, after which, at the request of the Rev. Hans Mack, the Rev. Mr. Bird road portions of scripture, namely : I Chronicles xx'rx., and Psalm cxxii. Mr. W. Smith, Secretary of the trust, read the financial statement showing that the contract for the building, seating, and fittings, was for £1440, and the estimated sum for plans, supervision, and contingencies, £110, total, £1050. The subscriptions and bazaar receipts amounted to £580 10s. lid., grant from building fund £300, total, £880 lCs. lid. Mr. Smith remarked that of the amount of subscriptions, four gentlemen had given the noble sum of £50 each. He also road the following statement which was neatly engrossed on vellum, and which, with tho docu- ments named, were to be placed in a box, and,, deposited in a cavity beneath the foundation stone, namely : This memorial stone of the Wesleyan Church, Davey-street, Hobart Town, Tasmania, was laid by Henry Hopkins, Esq., on July 21st, the year of our Lord, 1870, and in the 31th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria ; Charles DuCane, Esq., being Governor of the colony of Tasmania ; the Rev. George Hurst being President, and the Rev. Benjamin Chapman, Secretary of the Australasian Methodist Conference ; the Rev. W. A. Quick chairman of the Tasmanian District ; and the Revs. Hans Mack and James Graham being ministers of the Hobart Town Wesleyan Circuit for the year aforesaid. Architects, Messrs. Crouch and Wilson, Melbourne ; builder, Mr. John Anderson, Hobart Town. Cost of building, £1,550; area, 66 feet by 38 feet, affording accommodation for 3-50 persons. Copies of the minutes of the Australasian Wesleyan Conference for 1870, of the Wesleyan Local Preachers' Circuit Plan, Hobart Town, for the present quarter ; of the Evangelist, Launceston; of the Wesleyan Chronicle, Melbourne ; of the Christian Advocate, Sydney ; and of the Mercury and Tasmanian Times, Hobart Town, of the latest dates are herewith de- posited. The following are the names of the trustees of the above-named Church :-H. S. Barrett, E. J. Burgess, W. P. Brownell, Thos. Clarke, T. J. Crouch, Wm. Connor, E. Hawson, J. Kipling, R. A. McLean, W. Smith, R. S. Waterhouse. The Rev. H ans Mack then said : The venerable Henry Hopkins, Esq., will now lay the stone. Mr. Hopkins having left his carriage was escorted to the platform. The Rev. Hans Mack said, Sir : I have much pleasure in being deputed by the trustees of this church to present you in their name this trowel and mallet, as mementoes of this foundation stone ceremony, and as symbols of this good work with which you have expressed sympathy by giving it your support. The trowol, of fine steel, with ebony handle, and silver mounted, was then handed to Mr. Hopkins. It bore the following inscription : Presented to Henry Hopkins, Esq., J.P., on the occasion of his laying the Memorial Stone of the new Wesleyan Church, Davey-street, Hobart Town, July 21st 1870. ' ' ' The box containing the parchment and other documents having been then deposited in the cavity under the stone, and covered by a heavy plate-iron. Mr. Hopkins laid the mortar in the usual form, and the stone was lowered to its proper position at a dead level, under the per- sonal superintendence of Mr. Anderson, the builder. Mr. Hopkins gave three knocks on the stone with the mallet in true masonic style, and said : I declare this stone laid in the Name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; may the blessing of God attend the undertaking ; may many souls be born here to tho glory of God, and to the increase of His kingdom. I wish you all prosperity, and the successful com- pletion of the building. The following is the inscription on tho stone ; Wesleyan Church. This stone was laid by Henry Hopkins, Esq., J.P., 20th July, 1870. Mr. Hopkins having been escorted to his carriage by several gentlemen of the trust, the proceedings continued. Tho Rev. Hans Mack took tho opportunity of announcing that purses and donations on behalf of the building fund could be presented and laid on the stone. A goodly number of purses were then produced by ladies and others, and laid on the stone in response to the invitation. The children of the Sunday School then joined in singing a pretty melody to the words, " We all can do something for Jesus," after which, The Rev. W. A. Quick (who was introduced by Mr. Mack), mounted the stone, and delivered an address. He said he could not commence his remarks without expressing the gratitude he felt towards Mr. Hopkins, the venerable friend, who had been with them in laying the stone. They were all glad to have seen him there, and he (Mr. Quick) felt glad and thankful that he had been able to be with them. He believed he had come at great inconvenience to himself, so that his kindness could be more appreciated. He then went on to remark that it was customary on occasions like the present to give some ac- count of tho history and doctrines of the body to which they belonged, and perhaps it would be well that he should follow the example, and in the course of a few remarks do the same. Those who were building that edifice were called Wesleyans ; for his own part he should greatly prefer to accept the term of reproach given them as a people, when the first Methodists used to meet together, young men at Oxford for worship and spiritual edification ; he should prefer to be known as Methodist, feeling it to be a greater reproach to be known by the name of any man than by the term invented, and given by way of reproach to the Wesleys. He was not speaking disrespectfully of the venerable man who founded their body, he had great veneration and love to his memory, and to what he was enabled to do by the help of Divine Grace. They did not, however, regard anything that he wrote as inspired, much less did they worship that saint of God. They took his writings for what they were worth, but they con- sidered them in general agreement with the Word of God, which was their authority in matters of religious doctrine ; their appeal was to the Word of God. They had no doubt that Wesley was a great religious revivalist, and he (Mr. Quick) regarded him more as that than as a religious reformer. He was raised up to revive religion in the old country, and to spread scriptural holiness through the length and the breadth of the land. It was generally understood that previous to Wesley's labours, England was in a sad moral and religious condition, the masses of the people were deeply sunk in immorality, and that they were in the most imbruted condition ; and it was admitted that while there was a recognition of Christian doctrine, there was little of that spiritual life which is necessary to the preaching of essential and saving truth. It would be wrong to say there was no bible in the Church of Rome when Luther arose ; but the fact was he brought out the bible, he brought his truths from tho bible, and he was enabled to be a great, religious reformer ; and it was just so as to their venerable founder Wesley. The doctrine of Justification by Faith existed, but he was en- abled to bring it out, to bring it into circulation. He did that ; and, by tho blessing of God, they found that his labours in England, Ireland and Scotland, and even in America were most effec- tual. He (Mr. Quick) need not inform that audience of the successful labours of Wesley, Whitfield, and others, in the parent country, among vast multitudes of the people. They had all heard about them, but he must allude to one thing, the formation of classes which had been most serviceable in the Church, tending to keep the people together, and to help in sup- porting the work of God, and he need hardly tell them of the formation of circuits, and districts, and that a certain number of dis- tricts formed a conference, the chief govern- ing body, the ministers, bearing that name. So much, then, for discipline, which had arisen from, and was tho natural result of the labors of Wesley, which God had so highly blessed. It might be said by some that their ecclesiastical system partook more of the Pres- byterian form than that of others, but it might be said it had something of the various systems. A friend of his once said, perhaps with more force than politeness. "Yours is a mongrel system." Had he said it was an eclectic system, he (Mr. Quick) might have made his bow to him, but there was some truth in it. He (Mr. Quick) was hearing Mr. Binney, that great and good man,describing the various church systems. One he said was monarchical, another was demo- cratic, and when he had gone through the whole, he remarked that the Methodist system comprised a little of all ; might he (Mr. Quick) say it com- prised something of the best of other systems. He regarded matters of discipline as of import- ance, and yet practically of no importance, compared to doctrines and a life of holiness by christian people. In a nation it was not a matter of so much consequence what was the form of government, as the question, if all the people were virtuous and patriotic ; and in the Church it mattered little what was the form of govern- ment, if the members were the holy people of God; if they were bent on carrying out a system pro motive of scriptural holiness, and calculated to spread it throughout thr country. The great thing was to have the pure word of God, and that brought him (Mr. Quick) to a few points of doctrine. When Wesley was raised up ho did not set up as a reformer, in the ordinary sense of the word, he did not profess to be a Luther ; he did not attack the ecclesiastical system of the country ; so far from that, he held on his way, and was not unfriendly to the establishment; almost with his last breath he prayed for the establishment in the land, and that God would bless "Church and King" was one of his last expressions. If their venerable founder preached Justification by Faith alone, his great object was to bring sinners to the Lord Jesus Christ, that they might ex- perience at once all the power of the Lord Jesus unto salvation. There were points of doctrine to which he gave great prominence such as that the penitent believer should receive through the Spirit the knowledge of salvation by the remission of sins ; it was also a point with him that believers should press on to full salvation, the heart filled with the love of Christ which passeth knowledge." Those were some of the points to which he gave mere prominenco, and which he (Mr. Quick) trusted would be made a blessing in that place when the church was completed. He might refer to other doctrines, but he would in conclusion say they came to that locality as " the friends of all ; the enemies of none." Indeed, they did not come there for the first time ; the friends had long boon laboring there. He trusted that, when the new church was completed, the people would be taught the fear of the Lord, that the children would be instructed in saving truth, and that a great amount of good would arise from the preaching of the word. As it now commenced to rain heavily the rev. gentleman said he would not detain them further. He announced the tea meeting at Melville-street in the evening, and concluded by pronouncing the benediction. EVENING TEA-MEETING. A tea-meeting in connection with the above was held in the Melville-street school-room, commencing at half-past six o'clock in the even- ing. After the good things, which were provided by Mr. Haywood, had been partaken of by about three hundred persons, the public meeting com- menced. A unanimous vote placed the Rev. Mr. Quick, President of Horton College, in the chair ; the other rev. gentlemen present, were Messrs. J. Graham, Bird (New Norfolk), and J. Storie (Presbyterian). The public meeting was opened with singing, after which the Chairman engaged in prayer. The Rev. Mr. Quick, in his opening address, remarked upon the very large number of people that had assembled together, although the wea- ther had been so unpropitious. He was glad to see the foundation-stone of the Davey-street church laid by his old friend H. Hopkins, Esq. It was a good thing, he thought, to have extra- ordinary opportunities afforded to give to the cause of Christ : it did good to the giver, and, of course, benefitted the object for which the liberality had been exercised. It was an unwise policy to build a small, in significant place of worship in an important city, and he thought, large as the intended church was to be, it would yet have to be enlarged. Mr. W. Smith, the secretary of the trust, then read a financial statement, from which it appeared that the cost of building the proposed church was to be £1440 ; plans, supervision, contingencies, &c.;, £110; total, £1,550. The amount of subscriptions to date, including the sum realised at the late bazaar, was £586 16s 11d. ; the purses laid on the foundation-stone contained £17 9s. 6d. ; amount promised by the Building fund, £300 ; total, £904 6s. 5d. ; leaving a balance of debt resting on the church of £645 13s. 7d. Mr. Smith concluded by reading over the names of Messrs. Brownell, Kipling, Clark, and R. Waterhouse, who had headed the subscription list with donations of £50 each, and the name of many who had given sums of £20, and others for smaller amounts. The Rev. Hans Mack was convinced, although there were many who differed from him, that the church proposed to be erected was needed in the part of the town in which it was to be built. He hoped that God would bless the undertaking which had just been initiated, and that those present at the meeting would see it to be their duty to assist as much as possible to forward the successful execution of the work. sent on the occasion of the foundation stone of a Wesleyan Church being laid. He did not belong Church was to be connected ; but it was intended to be built for disseminating Christian truth, and that was quite sufficient to enlist his sym pathy in the undertaking. He hoped that the most sanguine expectations would be realised. The Rev Mr Bird, of New Norfolk, thought the erection of a Wesleyan Church in Davey street, was not a matter that ought only to interest Methodists, but that it concerned the whole of Hobart Town, and indirectly perhaps, of Tasmania. There was nothing so conducive to the elevation of mankind as the imparting of Scriptural knowledge, and from this view, every lover of his felow-men should do his utmost to In a very humerous speech, Mr Brownell recommended that the money still wanting should be made up in £1 shares. There were many companies that paid but poor interest to their shareholders, but he felt confident that their money, if invested in the manner he re commended, would produce a good return, both The stewards of th Church then went round to those present for the purpose of ascertaining if there were any who felt disposed to promise money to defray the cost of the building of the Church. The amount promised by those pre sent, with that given in the afternoon at the ceremony of laying the foundation stone, reached the handsome sum of £78 11s. 10d. Mr William Waterhouse, and Mr. Ife, of Bothwell, having delivered short addresses, a hymn was sung, the benediction pronounced and the proceedings terminated. 