The Sydney Morning Herald. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1870. THE intelligence from Ireland would be indeed saddening, if it were novel, but it is not only of the same nature as we have been accustomed to receive as long as reflection carries us back, but it was precicely what we expected. We presume no well informed man supposed that agitation would subside as the result of reform or of concession. It would take many long years to eliminate the spirit of sedition. The reports of the Times' correspondent have indeed shown the existence of evils which legis- lation cannot touch ; but they have shown parts of Ireland where social wretchedness has re- sulted from causes which it may be possible to remove. A keen competition for land has been held in check by the fear of vengeance, and a summary power of ejectment has been sometimes cruelly abused. In fact, landed property in Ireland has been often held on the miserable terms that neither landlord nor tenant could escape from the control of a power outside, fatal alike to liberty and to peace. It is to the disgrace of Government that it has failed to settle the most elementary rela- tions of society, and that in the second half of the nineteenth century such disclosures should have been made and such facts established. It is perfectly clear that much of this state of affairs has resulted from the ancient disorders of Ireland and the Satanic hatred which they have produced ; but so long as the land question is not established upon an equitable footing it is in vain to expect ignorant and vindictive people to respect the law. The suppression of crime and rebellion can never be accomplished until all sympathy between the perpetrators of crime and ordinary members of society ceases to exist. If, however, the mistakes of past ages account for the misfortunes of the present times, the first duty of any Government is to preserve its own existence, and to protect wherever it pretends to rule. The enthusiasm on behalf of men who have been convicted of felony in various forms has been only a pretence. Those who have led these demonstrations are perfectly aware that they are forging new bolts and locks to the cells they profess to open. So conscious of this are some of the prisoners that they are said to have deprecated such movements of their pretended friends. The demonstrations which have been made in Ireland, and the language current in the Press, have left no alternative to the British Govern- ment but to continue a punishment in itself just, and which it would indicate the grossest imbecility to remit. The Press has abandoned all reserve, and The People of Ireland calls upon the people to unfurl the flag and "to march to liberty or death." In another article it describes the military force in Ireland, depicts with contempt the qualifications of officers in the British army, and enumerates leaders who might conduct the attack. It then estimates the character of the British soldier, of course but, little to his honour, -and points out the elements of power in the hands of Irishmen who will meet these soldiers with ''a hatred grounded upon past and present cruelties and injustices-a hatred which can be wiped out only in blood." The anniversary of the martyrdom of the murderers of constable Barr, and masses for their souls, were to be celebrated with great enthusiasm. In fact, the whole action of these leaders of the people is to excite hatred against the Government and their fellow-subjects, and to prepare the way for the fierce onslaught which is said to be impending. lt would be unjust to impute these sentiments to Ireland as a country, but there are parts in which they certainly predominate. The election of O'DONOVAN ROSA for Tipperary will probably exhaust the forbearance of Parliament, as it has certainly aroused the Ministry, in anticipation of its meeting, to more vigorous action. Had this state of things been permitted to continue, Mr. GLADSTONE'S Ministry would certainly have been overthrown. The election in Tipperary by a very small number of persons proved either that the constituency was unfitted to vote, or was held back by intimidation. The Rev. Mr. RYAN, in a speech from the hustings, said "The landlords were frightened out of their jackets because the people had given up the old system of taking revenge, and were acting upon a new, patent, and most success- ful principle, which he was not binding himself to, because as a Priest he was a man of peace ; but now the tenant would not trust father, brother, or mother, with the secret of what he intended to do, but went out, took his revolver, and tumbled his landlord." This assertion, it is said, was received with loud cries of bravo, and prolonged cheers, It is certainly clear that a country which elects a convicted traitor, and proposes, in terms of approval, assassi- nation, cannot long remain in the peace of the QUEEN. The opposition to these proceedings offered by Roman Catholic bishops and priests justifies the belief that the firmness on the part of the Government will have the support of the people of Ireland as a nation. It cannot be the interest of the body of the people to uphold such disorders. It cannot be in harmony with any religion to encourage such crimes. But in every country revolutions are made by minorities of the people ; they have been often attempted by even a small faction who have commissioned themselves to the performance of a work which they only entitle patriotism. The duty of Government is doubtless to support the law, and thus to encourage the efforts of those who look to law for protection and safety. It seems, from our last intelligence, that this is not unlikely to be effectually done. The dispatch of additional troops, the procla- mation of several counties, including Tipper- ary, the proposal to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act, are all measures which point to ihe gravity of the crisis, and to the termina- tion of that system of forbearance which it was not immaterial to try, but which it would be madness to trust. There is one unfortunate, result of this state of Ireland, that it discourages the efforts of men who have always desired, and who still desire, that it should be governed with equity, and gives increasing power to a class who are opposed to concessions as both weak and vain. The greatest enemies to freedom are, of course, Those who show that its resources are useless, who prove that nothing can preserve the peace but force, and that to prevent great crimes it is necessary to entrust the State with dangerous powers. It is possible that Ireland may acquire the independence and self-government which so many declare essential to her tranquillity ; but it would be disgraceful to England to sur- render the population by any act of abdication to the phrensied hatred of Fenianism, or, on the other hand, to leave the disturbed districts to the vengeance of hereditary enemies. This course would, no doubt, be a wonderful relief to England herself : but is one that could only he adopted when other principles than those which seem to prevail shall have penetrated the minds of the populace, and have made it practicable as well as safe. It is not im- probable that when that time shall come Ireland will be as little inclined to stand alone as are the colonies to accept the dangerous, perhaps fatal, gift of independence. ________________ THE returns from our gold-fields do not indicate any progressive movement in this department of mining industry. During the last ten years there have been two or three starts which have created hopes that we were about to establish a great mining centre ; but these hopes have been disappointed, and the result has been the establishment not of a large, but of a small gold-field. For each of the past four years the value of the gold brought by escort has been below £1,000,000, and though the last year was an improvement upon two of those years, it was a falling-off from its immediate predecessor. Yet we do not want for gold-fields. There are no fewer than twenty-four of them on the Mint list. From Armidale in the North (not far from the boundary of Queensland), down to Cooma and Kiandra in the South, close to the boundary of Victoria, we have a succession of gold-fields, the fortunes of which have been very various from year to year, but not one of which has established itself on the scale of the great gold-fields of Victoria or New Zealand. Whether it is that there really is not scope for any such concentration as the sister colony has en- joyed, or whether it is that the vast extent of the auriferous area in this colony has favoured dispersion, we cannot say; but certain it is that, though we have many gold-fields, we have not one that can rival either those of Victoria or those of New Zealand. Our Northern districts are at present the least productive, and the Southern and the Western have, in past years, alternately taken the lead. The most productive gold-field last year was that of Grenfell, which, though below what it attained to in the previous year, sur- passed the most productive of the Southern gold-fields, namely. Araluen. This last named place is one of our few gold-fields near to the eastern coast, and has for many years steadily given a good return. Last year it fell below its standard, but the deficiency was partly made up by an improvement in the neighbouring field of Braidwood. Some productive reefs that have lately been dis- covered in this district may perhaps cause an improvement in a future year. The third gold- field in the South is Adelong, which keeps up its reputation ; but beyond these three the South has only quite minor fields to boast of. In the West there is more variety ; for though no other field in that district produces half as much as Grenfell, still there are five that show respectable returns-namely, Mudgee, Tam- baroora, Sofala, Bathurst, and Orange. A general election always stirs up debatable subjects, and the fact that in each gold-field the election has been contested, coupled with the fact that several meetings of miners have been held to complain of the existing regula- tions, has drawn a more than usual amount of attention to our legislation for the gold-fields. This legislation has not hitherto received much attention from the general public. Many suggestions have at different times come from the gold-fields, sometimes from officials, and sometimes from practical miners ; and successive Ministers have endeavoured to grapple with the difficulties of the question, though with the result obvious to others, if not to themselves, that they have not fairly mastered it. The experience of other colonies cannot be exactly transferred, and the systems of local self-government and government by officials have both been partially tried with- out giving satisfaction. At one time the gold-fields have been over-supplied with people to look after them, and at other times there has been a want of superintendence. If we had a thorough system of inland municipalities we might get over a good deal of the difficulty by handing over the gold revenue to provincial authorities, and leaving each district to make its own special regulations. But, under the present system of centralisation, the Government is embarrassed between the effort to be economical and the effort to have authority properly represented. A new law is said to be in preparation, though whe ther any mere legislation will bring prosperity to the gold-fields may be doubted. But it would probably be very advantageous if a careful inquiry could be carried out by a select committee, and if the experience hitherto gained in the different districts could be col- lected and compared. There is obviously at present a great diversity of opinion amongst miners themselves, and what will please one party will not satisfy another. There has of late been a considerable outcry against the system of leasing, but though in some instances it may have proved objectionable, it has not been shown what other system would be equally consistent with the investment of capital, or how the gold- fields are to prosper without such investments. On this point inquiry may be very useful. In the neighbouring colony of Victoria the amount of capital invested on the gold-fields in improvements and machinery is very large, but in the first instance it consisted of the profits made out of the alluvial operations. The large returns that were in fortunate instances obtained from such investment drew public attention and attracted outside capital. "We have no means at present of knowing how much capital there is invested in our own gold-fields, our statistics on this point being miserably deficient. It would not be diffi- cult, however, to get the information if the proper steps were taken. At a time when the Government is making every effort to reduce the official staff, and to enforce economy, there is a natural indis- position to establish a mining department; but a subdivision in the Lands Office might perhaps be marked off for this special purpose, and it might, without much expense, be made somebody's business to collect and classify all the information obtainable about our gold-fields. At present we know little or nothing beyond the number of miners' rights taken out, and the quantity of gold sent down. In Victoria a mining museum has lately been opened, and a school of mines has also been commenced at Ballarat. These are edu- cational agencies which will to some extent make up for the closing of the geological survey. How far similar institutions are possible here is a question that has as yet scarcely received any consideration. But it is quite clear that an improved and ex- tended knowledge of geology, mineralogy and of mining processes would save a great waste of money, and prevent many disap- pointments, and stimulate many legitimate undertakings. \------------- DISTRICT COURT.- Jones v. Emanuel, Robinson v Blackburn and wife, Gorrick v. West, Gorrick v. Jones Haywood v. Gibson, Harper v. Hopkins, Vaughan v. Korff, Ford v. Mappin, Osborne v. Gates, Cubitt v. Anderson, Cubitt v. Fitzgerald, M'Mahon v. Breillat, Briears, junior v. Tullis, and another ; Grube v. Borthwick, Elvin v Watton, Cowper v. Dumoulin, M'Cobb v. Kelly, Mullini v. Gibbs, Austin v. Connor. COMMONS REGULATION BILL.-The Bill to regulate Commons, introduced by tho Secretary for Lands on Friday last, is intended to repeal the 11 Vic. No. 31 which is an Act to enable trustees of commons to have per- petual succession, and to empower them to regulate the use of such lands as may be granted as commons within the colony, and for other purposes relating thereto. It pro- vides that tho Government may from time to time, by no- tification in the Gazette, grant or dedicate in perpetuity, or for a definite period, to the residents or inhabitants of any district, Crown lands with or without the power of re- sumption, and in such manner and on such terms and con- ditions as may be deemed best for the public interest. Crown lands may also be granted for use as temporary commons, and the clause to regulate this arrangement contains the following proviso : - "Provided that every such temporary common, or any por- tion thereof, shall be liable to be resumed at any time at pleasure by the Government, and shall not be exempt from sale, conditional or otherwise, or from being granted ior dedicated for any particular purpose." The trustees are to form a body corporate. There is to be a general meeting of commoners of every common once a year. The trustees are to be elected annually. With tho consent of a majority of at least two-thirds of the commoners present at two special meetings they may sell by public auction or private contract at not less than £2 per acre any portion of their common in lots of not less than forty acres. There is a proviso, however, that no such sale shall be lawful if disallowed by tho Government by notification in the Gazette before the sale shall have taken effect. By another clause the trustees of any common may, with the consent of two-thirds of the commoners, present at two special meetings, duly called and constituted, surrender to the Crown, or to any adjacent municipality, the whole or any portion of tho common under their control, on condition that some useful public work of equal value shall be constructed within, or for the benefit of the districts in which such common is situated Provision is also made for the expenditure of tho pro- ceeds by the trustees who are to be invested with general powers in regard to declaring what persons are entitled to the rights of commonage and the description of cattle or other stock which commoners shall be entitled to depasture upon such commons-a right of appeal being given. The rights of commoners are to include (so far as they are capa- ble of being exercised) tho commonable rights recognised by the law of England, and may be defined by by-laws. The trustees are to have the power of impounding animals trespassing on the common and a statement of accounts is to be published every half-year. The country will look for the explanation of the Hon. Secretary for Lands in regard to the expediency of the now mode, of dealing with public lands set forth in this bill -Yesterday's Afternoon Telegram. ACCIDENT.-Mr. Knapp, jun., was accidentally thrown from his horse at Ashfield, on Saturday, when proceeding to Liverpool on thc public service. Dr. Brereton, who attended bim yesterday, is of opinion that the casualty has had the effect of fracturing a small bone in the right shoulder, which will cause Mr. Knapp's confinement to his house for some weeks. . BOROUGH OF ST. LEONARDS. - The following is the result of the polling : - Albert Ward. - Tunks, 35 ; Bell 27 : majority for Tunks, 8. Victoria Ward - Carr, 69 ; Norie, 39 ; Creus, 36 ; French, 32 : majority for Carr, 30. BOUOUGH of NEWTOWN.-The election for an alderman for the Kingston Ward took place on Saturday-the candi- dats were Dr. W. Hobbs, tho retiring alderman, an Messrs. Thoniaa Moon and James Bridger-and resulted t follows:-Dr. Hobbs-Newtown, 12G ; Sydney, 28: toto 1Ö4 veles. T. Moon-Newtown, SO; Sydney, 14 : total, S votes. J. Br'dger-1. Majority for Dr. Hobbs, CO volo Thereturnir-g-offlcer, Mr. William Curtis, stated thoreau cf tho election tho same afternoon, and announced that tl official declaration would be made cn Monday, nt ö 0 doe p.m., at tho Town-hall ; at which hour tho official doclari lien was made with Iho same result. A volo of thanl wa» unanimously passed to the returning-officer. \-------------- CHRIST CHURCH PAROCHIAL ASSOCIATION.-The annual meeting of Christ Church Parochial Associa- tion was held last night, in the Parochial schoolroom ; the Rev Canon Vidal in the chair. Proceedings having been commenced by prayer, the rev. chairman briefly addressed the meeting. He observed that this was the twenty-seventh anniversary of the association, and regretted to say that he was unable to state that its operation had proved to be as extensive and influential as could be wished. Last year, a special appeal had beeen made to the members of the congre- gation to co-operate in the Parochial Association, but he was sorry to have to add, that very few new members had been gained by that step. The Rev. Canon Vidal proceeded to enlarge upon the particular objects of the association-- namely, the repairs, extension, and support of Christ Church Schools; the providing of a parochial library, the assistance to be given by that organisation to the Church Society ; and lastly, the support of the Melanesian Mission. The rev. gentleman gave several interesting particulars rela- tive to the Melanesian boy, Mull Wasa Wasa, a lad now being educated is the missionary establishment of Bishop Pattison, and supported altogether by Christ Church Parochial Association. This lad, rescued from the horrors of heathenism, had been carefully instructed and baptised, and was (it was stated) giving every satisfaction to his kind instructors, Mr. Coddrington and Bishop Pattison. These details were listened to with much interest by all present. Mr. E. M. Stephen, the hon. secretary, then read the report. The amount received to the credit of that parochial organ- isation during the past year amounted to upwards of £125, which had been paid away to the several objects proposed to be secured by the association. The average attendance at the schools during 1869 was reported to be as follows : - Boys' school, 151 ; girls' school, 77 ; infants' school, 53 boys and 46 girls. Total attendance of children, 332. Aggregate attendance, 473 boys, 333 girls. Total, 806. On the motion of Mr. Mansfield, seconded by Mr. John Turton, it was then unanimously resolved,-"That the report and statement of accounts be adopted and placed on the Association.'' It was then carried, on the motion of Mr. Wilson, seconded by Mr. Rolle Cape, "That a committee be appointed, the names of the gentlemen set down being, for the most part, the same as those who served last year." The rev. chairman addressed the meeting, earnestly solicit- ing a yet more extended co-operation and assistance in church work on the part of the lay members of Christ Church congregation. He also insisted, in affectionate and emphatic language, on the duty and privilege of all Christians to exert themselves for the good of their fellow- men. He deplored the want of organisation in their association, believing that, if their society could only be enlarged and be supported heartily by those who attended Christ Church, they would soon be enabled to find in that association a most useful staff of district visitors. The want of a due organisation, of a thorough sense of the reality of Christian brotherhood, and the too prevalent neglect of the common duty of setting apart a regular portion of our substance were but too common faults amongst church-going people, and the result was that such organisations as that association failed to effect the good they had a right to expect from them. Another great cause of the failure of such organisations was that they did not, as individuals, realise the value of immortal souls. Mr. Vidal was followed by Mr. Robins, the city missionary, who earnestly ad- vocated the duty of lay co-operation with the clergyman in visiting the people. Mr. Gardiner then asked the chair- man a question about the completion of the central panel of the Christ Church reredos, which at their meeting last year, had been resolved upon, a sub-committee appointed accordingly. It appeared that the panel was expected shortly to arrive from England. The secretary of the sub- committee (Mr. Ward) took his seat at the table and pre- pared to receive the subscriptions. Mr. James Gordon reported that he had collected for the completion of the chancel the sum of £15 10s., and handed over that sum. He said he was determined that the reredos should go up out of debt. Other subscriptions were also received, the secretary reporting that £24 15s.6d. (including Mr. Gordon's subscriptions) had already been received. Several lists were still outstanding. This concluded the business of the meeting, which was closed in the usual form, with prayer. THE NEW ROADS BILL.-On Friday last, the Hon. Secretary for Lands laid before the Legislative Assembly a bill to provide for and regulate roads, and its second read- ing stands an order of the day for next Wednesday. This measure is one of great importance to the colony, and especially to the inhabitants of the interior. Like most other measures of great consequence, it is surrounded with numerous complications. There are so many interests involved that it is exceedingly difficult to legislate in any way likely to give general satisfaction. Hon. members will do well to give their best attention to this bill, which, if passed into law, must of necessity affect both public and private rights. Several futile attempts have been made to deal with this matter during the last few years. Per- haps before the close of the present session some- thing may be done to facilitate internal communication by means of common roads in such a way as to benefit the colony without in any way doing injustice to private interests. It is proposed to get rid of a number of obsolete provisions by repealing tho Act 4 William IV., No. ll, and generally, to give the Government full power to open roads wherever it can be shown that such communication is necessary. As our population becomes larger, as the resources of the country are developed, and as traffic con- sequently increases, it is necessary, from time to time, to make more ample provision for communication. The over- sight in this colony hitherto has been that roads reserved and properly defined have not kept pace with occupation. The right to make roads under equitable conditions will not be denied, but when we come to define those equitable conditions, and are forced to consider the question of com- pensation, a difficulty arises not easy of solution. It is generally admittod that a public road increases the value of land through which it passes. Although that increases in value is given by reason of the portion taken away, it is not always thought to be just that the element of improve- ment should be regarded in the question of compensation. It is astonishing how many reasons can be found to show why the Government should pay fabulous sums for land which probably a few years ago they alienated at something like an ordinary upset price. In these matters we require equity on the part of the public, as well as at the hands of the Government. In the case of Crown grants, the Government have reserved the right to make roads. Reservations were made to which the parties assented, which might, if arbi- trarily exercised, seriously affect the security of their tenure. When the Roads Act Amendment Bill was before the House last session, the present Minister for Lands expressed an opinion to the effect that these reservations amounted to a power to take back the whole of the pro- perty, and doubted whether the action of the framers of the reservations was not ultra vires. This is a matter which ought to be carefully considered, because it involves an important principle. It will no doubt be a difficulty for the Government in many cases to decide as to the propriety of opening roads where the expense would be great. The same principle must be adopted with reference to roads as in regard to the construction of bridges. The cost incurred must bear some proportion to the traffic, the Cheater policy must be carefully avoided, and the rights of proprietors must be as clearly defined as the rights of the Government. This measure to regulate roads cannot easily be tortured into one of party, and we may hope, therefore, that, it will be discussed on its merits, if time will admit. We shall give some account of its provisions as soon as we can obtain a copy of the bill. Although it is not down for a second reading on Wednesday, it is not yet published. Under these circumstances, perhaps its second reading may be postponed, for hon. members can hardly be expected to affirm the principle of a bill which they will have scarcely had time to read.- Yesterday's Afternoon Telegram. CRICKET ASSOCIATION OF NEW SOUTH WALES.-A special meeting of the committee of the Now South Wales Cricket Association was held last night, at Tattersall's, Pitt-Street. There was a numerous attendance. Mr. J. J. Calvert occupied the chair. The secretary (Mr. R. Teece) read the minutes of last meeting, and they were confirmed. The secretary read a letter from Mr. W. Caffyn, regretting his inability to go to Melbourne as one of the New South Wales team, owing to a recent domestic bereavement. Mr. Teeco also announced that he had received a communica- tion from Mr. Charles Lawrence, in which that gentleman expresses his willingness to form one of the team, if leave of absence could be obtained from tho Government. Mr. Teeco stated that he had written to the Honourable the Minister for Works on the subject, and that there was reason to hope there would be no difficulty in the way of Mr. Lawrence forming one of the team. Mr. W. Clark moved, and Mr. Miles seconded,-" That the election committee be requested to hand in their report to this committee to-night." Mr. Howell stated that he was one of the three gentlemen who formed the selection com- mittee. Mr. Coates, one of the members, had not seen any of the practices nor had he consulted with either of his colleagues on the subject, and he, therefore, objected to any selection which Mr. Coates might make. He moved, " That Mr. Coates's name be removed from tho selection committee." The motion was negatived, and Mr. Clark's resolution was agreed to. Lists were then handed in from the three gentlemen forming the selection committee. G. H. Howell, Mr. A. L. Park, and Mr. J. Coatos-and the result showed the following team :- J. Coates - A. L. Park D. Gregory - C. Lawrenoe , E Gregory - E. Sheridan G Gilbert - .J. Thompson R. C. Hewitt - N. Thompson L. Jones - C. N. J. Oliver (12th man) Mr. R. Teeco moved that the report be adopted, and Mr. S. Cohen moved that the report be referred back to the com- mittee The latter proposition was carried by the casting vote of the chairman. Mr. H. Hilliard and Mr. E. Teeco were proposed as umpire; and a ballot was taken, The votes were equal ; and Mr. Teeco was elected by the casting vote of the chairman, Mr. Calvert being of opinion that, as secretary of the association, Mr. Teeco had a special claim to the appointment, other things being equal. PRINCE ALFRED YACHT CLUB.-A moeting of the sailing committee of tho Prince Alfred Yacht Club was held yesterday evening for the transaction of business of importance. The boats of the club were classified in the following order :-First class : Australia, Scud, Pomona, Eva, Psyche, and Josephine. Second class : Bronzewing, Clio, Ixion, Torment, Emma, Zephyr, and Foam. The boats for the club races of the first class are to take the following course: To start from Snail's Bay, round the red buoy off Manly, round Pinchgut, round Shark Island, and back to flagship in Snail's, Bay. For second class : From moorings in Snail's Bay, round Lightship and Sow and Pigs, then round flagboat and round Pinchgut back to flagship. WE are requested to direct attenttion to J. G. Cohen's sale at Slattery's auction rooms, Pitt-street, opposite Union Bank, of superb assorted gilt mouldings, and sundry furniture, without reserve, Sale to commence at 11 o'clock precisely.-ADV. SCHOOL OF ARTS.- Mr John Flemming, late foreman to Mr. A. Torning, while engaged decorating in the above building, fell a distance of 20 feet, dislocating his right arm, which is withering away. and is forever lost to him, thereby throwing a family into great distress. The use of the ball him been granted, and the public are invited this evening to an entertainment, which is ex- pected to realise a sufficient amount to enable him to com- mence a small business. Mr. Fleming was an excellent workman, with an unexceptionable character. SUNNY HILLS WESLEYAN PENNY BANK. - The annual meeting of this institution was held on Friday last Mr. Cowlishaw in the chair. The report read showed that the amount passed through the bank since the opening in 1862 is £3084 7s. Of this sum, £618 15s. 6d. in nearly 4000 deposits has been received during the past year, and £603 1s. 10d. withdrawn in 348 repayments. During the same period 250 new accounts have been opened and 233 closed. The 372 current accounts represent, including interest, £400 9s. 4d. The increase of business over the previous year is in number of deposits nearly 1000 and amount nearly £200. The following- gentlemen were elected to the directorate for the ensuing year:- Mr. T. Cowlishaw, sen., chairman; Mr. W. H. M'Clelland, secre- tary; Mr. J. Harriss, treasurer; Messrs. W. Kippax and S. Callaghan, trustees', with Messrs. John Hardy, J, Slade, T. Cowlishaw, jun, W. Brown, and H. B. Dowsett,. Mrssrs. N. K. Brown and Mr. C. Cowlishaw were elected auditors. The executive officers for the past year were severally thanked for their services, and the meeting closed. MAURITIUS.-News have been received from Mauritius via Adelaide to the 20th December:-The health of this colony was still improving, and, while the mortality les- sened, the births increased. A struggle between the Bar and the Bench was going on. a number of practitioners having, in a memorial to the Governor, accused one of the Judges of showing a strong bias towards suitors employing his relatives as counse1. His Excellency, through the Co- lonial Secretary, requested the memorialists to give facts, dates, cases, names, and other particulars, in which the petitioners asked for a Court of Inquiry, and the matter was at this stage at the date of our latest advices. The non-official members of Council had resisted the payment of the sum asked for the support of the military, urging that they did not require so many as wore stationed in the colony, but, by the casting vote of the Governor, it was decided that, the troops should be retained, at a cost to the colony of £45,000. WESLEYAN SUSTENTATION AND EXTENSION SOCIETY. -The annual meeting of the Sustentation and Extension Society was held last evening in the Wesleyan Church, Glebe Road. The attendance was rather thin. After singing and prayer. Dr. Douglas took the chair, and called upou Mr. T. F. Reeve, the secretary, to read the report, which stated that the income of the society from all sources for the year ending September, 1863, had amounted to £2814 ; of which £1005 had been obtained by voluntary contributions-a larger amount than had been raised the previous year. Of this sum the circuit with which that church was connected had contributed a larger amount than any other circuit in the colony. The public collections had yielded:-Wesley churoh, £14: Glebo Road, £4 ; Hay-street, £2 ; Mount Lachlan, £1 ; Mrs. Allen had collected £36 ; Mr. Somerville, £15 ; Mr. and Miss Johnston, £11 ; Mrs. Henry, £8 ; being a total of £111. Mr. Reeve said tho Society was particularly worthy of support, because its aim was to assist and sustain ministers in the thin-peopled districts ; in other words, it was a bush mission. He regretted the very small attendance, considering the importance of the society. The chairman next addressed a few words to the meeting. Though not a Wesleyan himself, he nevertheless felt he was promoting the cause of missions in giving his aid to that society ; and he gave what assistance he could with the greatest pleasure. The Rev. Messrs. Caldwell, Holmes, and Piddington addressed the meeting eloquently in advocacy of the claims of the society, after which a collection was made, which was stated to be larger than the collection at the previous annual meeting. The Rev. Mr, Caldwell presented the thanks of the meeting to the chairman for the Christian sympathy he had manifested in presiding, and the meeting was concluded with devotional exercises. AUSTRALIAN PATRIOTIC ASSOCIATION,-The annual general meeting of this society was held last night, in the United Temperance Hall, at the corner of Bathurst and Pitt streets. There was a numerous attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. Reid. The annual report was read, as follows :-" Your committee do not intend to sub- mit a long report of the proceedings of the association during the past year. The business transacted has been of so desultory a character that enumeration of it within moderate limits would be impossible. Suffice it to say that several admirable essays, numerous debates and discussions, both of local and general interest, have been given and held. In addition to these, there have been several enter- tainments of a literary and musical character. In the month of June a grand concert was given in the Victoria Theatre, under the management of a special committee, and it proved an unqualified success, It is in contempla- tion to give another concert of the kind. The first picnic in commemoration of the anniversary of the association took placo on 7th Scptember, at Clontarf. lt was in every respect, save theo financial, an unqualilied and gratifying success. Your committee trust that their successors will, before the next occasion, profit by their experience, and manage the arrangements with a more strict regard to economy than, unfortunately, characterised the manage- ment of the late picnic. The treasurer's books show a ballance of £15 3s. 9d. on 31st December at the credit of the association. Messrs. Harper and Murray, the auditors appointed, report the accounts correct. The retiring com- mittee conclude their report with the expression of their earnest hope, that the association may continue to realise, and in an ever increasing measure, the great and patriotic objects to which it aspires," On the motion of Mr. Cavanough, seconded by Mr. Isaacs, the report was adop- ted. The meeting then proceeded to elect officers for the ensuing year. Mr. R, B. Smith was re-elected president without opposition. Messrs. Pigott, Day, and Reid were candidates for the vice-presidencies. Mr. Reid had a large majority of votes. Messrs. Day and Pigott wore even, and Mr. Day was elected by the casting vote of the chairman, Messrs. Beaver, Tanner, and P. Murray were candidates for the honorary secretaryships. Mr. Beaver had a majority ; Messrs. Tanner and Murray were equal, and the latter was elected by the casting voto of the chair- man. There were seventeen gentlemen nominated as com- mitteemen, and the following were chosen, viz. : Messrs. E. Sadler, AV. Cochran, W. Clarke, A. Tanner, F. Pogus, R. Teece, W. M'Donald, S. E. Cross, E. Leo. C. St. Julian, M. Isaacs, and D. O'Connor. Only one candidate for tho position of hon. treasurer was nominated-Mr. I. J. Josephson-and as he declined to act, Messrs. Molesworth, Pogue, and Tanner were nominated. Mr. Molesworth was elected by a large majority. The thanks of the meeting were accorded to Mr. Josephson, the retiring treasurer. The proceedings then terminated. THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT AND THE ŒCUMENICAL, COUNCIL.-An omission of a syllable in the Paris telegram, dated December 11, extracted from a Californian journal, and published in the Herald of yesterday, completely altars the sense of the first portion, and renders unintelligible the concluding passage. We thereforereprint it, plaeing the syllable yesterday left out in italics :-" Paris, December 11\. -The French Government has made known to the Œcumenical Council that the infallibility is an inopportune question from a religious view ; politically it places France otherwise than according to the Concordats, and releases her from obligations then accepted." CONCERT IN THE TEMPERANCE HALL.-A concert was given yesterday evening under the auspices of the Sons and Daughters of Temperance, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the relief of the widow and family of a late deceased brother. There has seldom been such a large assemblage as that which filled the hall yesterday evening. Every available corner and the upstairs gallery were occu- pied by the several hundred persons who were present. The chair was occupied by the Hon. John Sutherland. The " Gloria in cxcelsis," and several glees, were performed by a choir under the able conductorship of Mr. J. T. Medcalf, who also sang several songs and " O salutaris, Hestia." The accompanyist master (F. Croft) played a couple of solos on the harmonium in a very skilful way ; and an important portion of the programme was taken up by Messrs. J. Z. Jones, J. W. Pidgeon, T. Pidgeon, and Dingwell. Several popular songs were well rendered by Miss Desmond and Mrs. Robertson ; a recitation was also given by Mr. Driver. After a vote of thanks had been accorded to the chairman, the entertainment concluded with, the national anthem, ST. VINCENT'S BALL.-A meeting of the St. Vincent's Hospital Ball Committeo was held last evening, which was fully attended, to make final arrangements. Reports from gentlemen present showed that over 300 tickets were really sold, and many others promised to be taken. The executive committee reported that all the arrangements were com- plete, and that M. Compagnoni had the refreshments, the German Band the programme ; and that very great good feeling had been shown by gentlemen who very kindly had given all the wines, spirits, lemonade, sodawater, ginger beer, &c.; After appointing persons to attend the cloak- rooms, &c.; the committee proceeded to the New St. Vincent's Hospital, which was lighted up for their appro- val by Messrs. Constable and Turner, who have performed the whole work in a most satisfactory manner to the com- mittee. In fact, everything promises to make this ball in aid of this praiseworthy charity a most desirable reunion. THE PRINCB OF WALES OPERA HOUSE.-Last night, Mr. Bandmann repeated his thoroughly artistic representa- tion of " Hamlet " to a large and enthusiastic audience. Strange to any, the dress circle was the only part of the house not crowded-a state of things which seems to cor- roborate theo assertion that the star of Shakespeare wanes before that of Boucicault. Those playgoers who can afford io encourage the legitimate drama, and absent them- selves from a representation of " Hamlet," such as has not been seen on the Sydnev boards, can hardly with justice complain of managers allowing inferior plays to usurp the stage. Mr. Bandmann's success last evening was as unmistakable as on Saturday night, and at the close of every act he was vociferously recalled before the curtain, Mr. Hoskins as tho Ghost has been for several years a feature of the Australian stage, and has lost none of its power by recent repetition. The Ophelia of Miss Corcoran is also a clever performance, fresh and natural, without being tame; Mrs. Jones sustained the part of the Queen in an artistic manner ; and Mr. Douglas. as Laertes. Mr. Welsh as Polonius, Mr. Holloway as the King, did justice to their parts. The little part of the player Queen also reflected credit upon Miss Morgan, and deserved mention. In the notice Saturday night's performance Mr. Fechter's name has been misprinted Fletcher ; and in noticing the mounting of the closet scene as quite new, lt should havo been described as not a faithful representation of the Art Union picture. Hamlet will, be repeated this evening. THE ÀTTEMPT TO ESCAPE FROM BATHURST GAOL.- The Free Press of Saturday observes:-A few days ago it was discovered by one of the warders that an unsuccessful attempt has been made by one of the prisoners to escape from the gaol. In consequence of the instructions given to the gaol officials, in accordance with the Gaol Regulations. lt it impossible to ascertain the particulars of circumstances transpiring within the walls, with, any degree of certainty ; but from the best information we can gather outside, it appears, that one or more of the prisoners just released from prison purchased, or otherwise procured, a quantity of sewing silk, which was conveyed by some improper means to the man to aid his escape. That silk was platted into a kind of ladder, and a small canvas big was procured and filled with gravel or sand; this bag appears to have been attached to the ladder by a single strand of the silk, and the bag thrown over the wall, doubtless with the view of forming a kind of ballast, while the prisoner was climbing up the wall. Fortunately, the bag was seen to go over the wall, but it could not be ascertained by whom it was thrown ; and the silken cord by which it was attached to the ladder breaking, the attempt was discovered, and the scheme defeated. PRESERVATION OF FISH IN THE MURRAY RIVER.--- .Tha Jlémy Satmtr saya Fi»h of largo size are becoming -pu tad mora acaree owing to the reckless and wholesale SM of attt and I raps during tho ppawning seaton. Some wálaÜTB protection for Sah during the dote season is Zj^ju yaeted. The subject has been often agiuted, bat . lu failed to Attract the attention it deserves. Whoa the Hunty cod bis become extinct arno-=" -tv,~ 1 mtf- to protect the river fishery wh CCMfd to ííilt. TB> IsmacoLONiAL CRICKET MATCH.-Beferring to Hu ^.appearance of Mullagh'a name among th OM of the -gorian men in practice for the Intercolonial crioket patch, the Amtraltuian observes :-He, poor fellow, has, j m afraid, played bis last innings, and thone who aaw it KU giianimoauy of opinion that lt was as fine an exhibí» gen of batting aa we have had for many a long day. Ha b the enly one of the aboriginals that appears to have Iborooghly understood what may be termed " th« »den.ce" cf cofwt, and. measured by the highest standard of bit« ting, Mullagh« play was very little below perfection. . few years ago would have believed that u ¿utralian blackfellow would almost rival a Difr. g H»wird at a game which may bo termed ejCBUilly British, «nd In which so few oompara ¿nif of those who engage in it ever pan mediocrity. KaDafh left for his old home, near Edenhope, «u Monday. Tba* u so doubt that his lungs ara seriously affected by ¿ba auna malady which has already proved eo fatal to hit >ouu hood, whilst lamenting the loss of Mullagh, we my congratulate onnelvea on the dibit of a fresh candi ¿at» fer intercolonial honours, in tho person of young loughnan (a younger brother of the player of thu sai BUie, and Eoemberef the M. C. C.), who has "cone to t .Jrtct" within a very short rime of his arriving In tho colony, He has betn here only a month or six weeks. He vu educated at Stonyhurst. I believe, and there waa «coached" by Emmett, tho well-known professional. bowler. There is nothing very stylish or attractive in hts -btttiag, but he seems to have very good defence, playing -with * atrsight Vat, which so fen can do. Wills thinks Tsry highly of him, and under his tuition the youngster eàgnt to make rapid progress. I think he stands a fair chinos of being in "ihe eleven." There Is some doubt BOW if Allan can play. Ha went np country last week, and nobody seems to know if ho can or wül come down if . wanted," as he is sure to be. If we lose Allan the mitel should be a close and exciting ono, but with that pecoliat bowler (who is one ont of a hundred) en our sido, the chances 1 consider are largely in oar favour, for Al Lia ii s bowler that can hardly be knocked off, ho is so handy when « a knot io being tied,'* and two mea are getting w«U «*i Axonrzs ATWIHD TO PATRICK'S PLAINS ur TAITS ExnutmoN COMMISSION.-Ur. G. T. Líder, of WjHa Plat, (says the Singleton Tim»,) has just received another maded from the Paris Exhibition Commission. As our readers ara aware, Mr. Loder has received several prim for produce tent to the Paris Exhibition, bat the sae before us appears to bean award fdr the number of approved colonial products forwarded to the exhibition by ene person. The medal, which is bronze, and ab jut the South Wales : Sydnty," end on the reverse is tha image of Queen Victoria. On tba edge of the medal Is ia«crib«d the words, " G. T. Loder, for services." This medal, ; honourable to Mr. Loder, was enclosed ia a neat meroo cue, and accompanied with the following note :-" Jinoai 30,1870.-My dear sir,-I have the pleasure to tend you medal from the Paris Exhibition Commission. Yea fiithfoUy, T. A. MURRAY. TO G. T. Loier, Eiq." I THE CHARLEY CREEK MURDER.-At the Bathurst Police Court, on Friday last, Martin Long, on remand was again brought up, charged with the murder of John Mul- cahy. Mr. S, G. Fletcher and Dr. Morgan were examined, and the whole of the evidence of the different witnesses comprising upwards of a hundred folios of foolscap, was then read over. Upon being asked the usual question (says the Times), if he had anything to to state, the prisoner said that "he had nothing to say, only that he knew nothing about it". He also requested that a revolver, which constable M'Cartie had sworn was in good order, should be produced at his trial. His Worship inquired of the prisoner if he any witnesses to call for his defence? The prisoner stated that there was a man (whom he did not know), if the police could find him, who had passed his (prisoner's) place at the time the murder was committed, and who could state that he (the prisoner) was at home. His Worship advised him to reserve his defence until his trial. The prisoner was then committed to take his trial at the next Bathurst Circuit Court. At the prisoner's re- quest, a letter, which was from his sister, who is in Vic- toria, and which contained her address, was ordered by the Bench to be shown to his wife. VILE ODTRAOR.-The Tumut corrajpond«t of the Wogga Wagga Adptrtistr reports another oil thou out- rages to common in the country. A valuablif horde, the .property of Mr. W. Bridle, was found dead fa s China- man'a paddock, where Mr. Bridle's thrashing ¿achine had been at work. The horse had his head spilt open, appar- ently by a morticing axe, I believe. Mr. Bridie tum offered ¿10 reward on conviction of the guilty party. PRISON BREAK is G.-On Sunday afternoon Lu*, (the Wagga Wagga Ezprui reports) some little excitement was oocasuttfd m tewn by a report that the b OJ bringer, Janus Burt, w&o; come short time siooe was ciptutjd at Gadwell Creek; after committing a robbery under snot, had e&ctad; hui escape from the gaol. It appears that it is tho custom in the gaol to allow the confinées a couple ot hoars' liberty each ¿sy in the yard for airing, and that onjSunday after- noon no lesa than nineteen of them wen in the vird togethi r. The yarJ is unrounded by a brid wall of ab >ut fourteen feet In height» and in one put of 0 there i* n s irt of work shed which partially screens a porrbn of the wall from the view of the warder in charge. Os Sunday after, soon warder Golden was on duty on the (outside of the gaol, Kelly, another warder, WJS stat bold la the gaol corridor, commanding a view of the /enclosure, end Hoyle, a third warder, was staliorcd with the prisoners in the yard itself. At abouf 3 o'clock the prisoner Burt went to the pump, nnl then pissed dose to Hoyle to thc further side of tai work shed, and almost immediately afterwards Kelly strafed from the window that a prisoner had escaped. /Hoyle, running round the shed, immediately missed B^rt, there WH, howtver, nothing against tho wall, and s> rope or stick in the yard, and it wu evident, therefore] that Bart must have obtain od tome asaii tance from hi fellow confinées, sud had probably mounted on the ahouIAra of eome of the tallest end strongest of their number, eft had thon, being 'moderately light man, been helped on fie banda of other* -luffideaüy high to enablo him to gras] sud clamber over th« top of tha walL Tbepritonersin thlyard^oae and all, denian all knowledge of the etcape, andi>rofea>cd novar to have seen Burt scaling the wail Dropping down on the outside of the wall, the noise of his falljutracted th« atten- tion of warder Golden; and, looking round, saw Bart scrambling to his feet, and immediately rushed after, bot would not fire at him, feariag that ha might hit the people in the street. Bart bolted into the street hy the wesleyan Chapel, end wu there headed off by Mr. Brook, who was riding by, sxd driven Into Mr. dixon's yard, and was by the latter gentleman promptly captured, and handed over to the care sf the warders, and Nzw SOUTH WALES MACHINE jDlQOQfOB.-Buring the visit of hts-., Bowen to the Thames Geld-nelds be paid a visit parted in the Adtertiter) to Bussell'! battery, at the mead of the tramway. The school children had csMmbLed at this ?pot, where a platform had been erect* d close to the tram, way, and cheered hi* Excellency and Lady BJ TOI in pass Og. They acknowledged the compliment- Tho party were roostad at the battery by Mr. Cirfrae, one of the pro« prieurs, and Mr. Binnie, the manager. The battery was PvtJiIl/ employed at the timi on atone from tho City of Dunedin claim.. They displayed much interest in the aachmery, and were peräculszly struck with the magcifl «at water-wheel that has been erected st the machin«. It is ue largest In the aouthem hémisphère, befog forty-five feet s> diameter, 7 feet 3 inches breast, and with 12 slulce-haads of waterrepreaents lOO-horse power. It ls a magnificent piece of mechanism, and his Excellency expressed mnoh pfeuure at the splendid manner in which lt worked. The bsUery at prêtent only constata of thirty stampers from the fer. Csrfrae said he wu « quested by the share Auden of the City of Dnnedin to present to her ladyship a lull hollie of pulverised specimens. He said they were Bot nreaenled on accaunt of their Intrinsic value, but for the parpóte, Qf showing the extreme fineness of the gold. The prtstat wu gracefully accepted by Lady Sowon, and his AXcaUenoT thanked Mr. Carfru and Mr. Binnie for tha tttrtety (hey.bad shown. The whole party, which by thia fae wu considerably enlarged by namban of the i *M others, then r*turn*d along the tramway. -r "wmerBntrc, ^agiuia, sea ¿asnea ia uusooia&y; ai of 52. He ha» conaeqaantly been a sojooraeria atm Sooth Wales for exactly 60 Tun, during which he has watched her rise from an Infant settlement into * floa nubjg i*lf-govern ed colony. Holyoak's present employ Bent Is that of rendering down fat for Mr. Thoran Pike, of Butem Creek. He also earns a little extra by broom aiWng. His bearing and sight «re both good, bot . hi« memory is some« hat defective. Like many other paran* «bo hare attained . grut ego he can remember event« that JJPÇJM* fifty years «go better than « the thing« of ywter iJiTP*mr'-Btubbi and Co. direct attention to their un of us steve, it the rowru this day, at U o'olock.-M>T, 