THE SEA. THERE are certain things-as a spider, a ghost The income tax, gout, an umbrella for three That I hate ; but the thing that I hate the moat Is a thing they call the sea. IX you like cejTee with sand for drefi, A decided hint of salt in your toa. And a fishy taste in the very eggs, By all means choose the sea. And if, with these dainties to drink and eat, You prefer not a veitife of grass or tree, And a chronic state of wet in your feet, Then I reoommeud the sea. A onrrxcxAir once asked, " What is woman P" when a married man replied, " She it an essay on graft, in one volume, elegantly bound. Although it may be dear, every man should hare a copy of it." B*ntiic£Ktal.—" I am, indeed, Tery muoh afraid of lightning," murmured a pretty young girl, during a storm. " And' well you may be" sighed the despairing lover, " for your heart if made of steel." A Pabis policeman being summoned into the presence of a man who. bad just shot himself dead, after severely wounding a lady, displayed his anxiety to arrive at the tacts in the oase bj excitedly demanding of the only surviving wit ness of the fray, « Did this man kill himself before he fired at this lady, or not ?" There is a saying, " Save us from our friends," but it does not mean any thing in particular. It was the'last remark but one Julius Cesisr made to Brutus. Brutus was an intimate friend of Ca-sar's, and meant extremely kindly to him. Brutus put a knife into Cmar. This is a striking instance of friendship. This is the way in which a South Sea blander settled a case of conscience. The missionary had rebuked him for the sin of polygamy, and he was much grieved. After a day or two he re* turned, his face radiant with joy. "Me all right now. One wife. Me very good man now. — " What did you do with the other P" asked the missionary. "Me eat her up." Hair-Oil rou Hobsbb.—The following recipe for making hair-oil for horses is "going the rounds":—B. (take ) Brusbus et ourricombnt —ad libitum ; elbow grasus—quantum suffloiua f blanketisus—first ratus ; stablus (in winter) —warmus ; fodderus—never say dietus, bat mealus et maizus ; excercisus non oompromlsae. The effects will be: coat us shinus t appetitus wolfltus*; muscularitui, two- forty-itus. • Matrikonf is—hot cakes, warm beds, com fortable slippers, smoking coffee, round arms, red lips, kind words, shirts exulting in buttons, redeemed stockings, bootjacks, happiness, &o.; Single blessedness is—sheet- iron quilts, blue noses, frosty rooms,mud ie the pitcher, unregene rated linen, heelless socks, coffee sweetened with treacle, gutta-percha bisouits, rheumatism, oorna, coughs, cold dinners, oolios, rhubarb, and any amount of misery. A BiKTiXBNTAL young lady lost a curly poodle on which she set great value, and which she fed with her own hands. Not long after the poodle had departed this transitory life Fridolina vu seen to cod template" with great pensiveness, the countenance of a bewhiskered and beringleted young man. " Fridolina, my dear," said her maiden aunt, a very proper old lady, " don't look so at young Fmly; he'll think you are in love with him."—" I can't help it, Aunt Sophia," replied Fridolina, with tears in her lovely eyes, "his expression is so like my pet poodle's." A ximibtib travelling along a Texas road met a stranger driving his wagon, whioh was drawn, by four oxen. As the minister approached, he heard the driver s»y : " Get up, Presbyterian! Gree, Campbellite! Haw, Baptist! What are you doing, Methodist P" The minister, struct with the singularity of such names being given to oxen, remarked: " Stranger, you have strange names for your oxen, and I wish to know why* they have such names given to them P" • The driver replied: " I call that lead-ox in front Presbyterian, became he is true blue, and never fails. He believes in pulling through every difficult place, persevering to the end; and then he knows more than all the rest. The one by bis aide I call Campbellite; he does very well when you let him go on his way, until he seec water, and then all the world could not keep him out of it, and ther* he stands as if his journey was ended. This off-ox is a real Baptist, (or he is all the time after water, but is constantly looking on one side and {hen on the other, and at everything that comes near him. The other, which I call Methodist, makes a great noise and a great ado, and you would think he was pulling all creation, but he don't pull a pound." The shepherd's wife who attends to the want! of travellers at a place in Scotland much visited by tourists, is a-character worth knowing. She is strong-minded and strong-nerved | and a number of autbentio anecdotes are told of her prowess. The following v one of the best: Her house is solitary, no other dwelling beta* within miles of it j and during the day, when her husband and son are on the hills, she hat sometimes strange visitors, for the road passing the door connects the east with the west of Soot land in that district. When the Hawick branoh of the North British Railway was making, navvies often passed this way from the Caledo nian line towards Hawiok, and of these she generally had a call. A solitary navvy came in one day when she was alone, saving a little girl, a grandchild. After lighting his pipe, and staring round him for a time, the following dialogue ensued: — " Well, missus," said he, "you've some mighty nioe hams there."— " Nioe hams," was the drj response. " Faix, I think I'll have one, missus!"—" But ye'U no get ane, my man." Nothing daunted, the fellow pat bis foot upon a stool for the purpose of taking one down from the ceiling where they hung, and he did so boldly, for he saw no one was in the house but the woman and child. With a stern voice, however, she suddenly stepped before him, and said, " J>id ony body see you oome in here P"— "The dinl a one," was answered defiantly. " And the deil a ane '11 see ye gang out again! Bring me tbe axe, lassie!" In a moment the thief was out at the door and off, leaving her to enjoy a hearty laugh at tbe suoeess of her rut*. Concerning the versatile young gentleman, Frederick Charles Allen, aliat one or two other names, an expiree, whose late brilliant perform ances and forgeries at. Robe were noted in the Register the other day, a correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator furnishes some additional information. He writes :—" An individual call ing himself by the euphonious name of Charles Frederick Ormerod, but whose proper name v Allen, paid this distriot a swindling visit lately. He first called at Apsley, where, having some refreshment, he asked for a blank cheque, filled it up for some small amount, and left. It is now ascertained to be a forgery. He next turned up at a neighboring squatter's, repre senting himself as a nephew of Mr. Ormerod. of Ouichen^ay. Being o f rather respeotable exterior, and possessing good address, of course nothing was too good for him. No doubt bit advent was hailed with delight. The company of a brilliant young fellow would vary the sameness of bush seclusion for one night. Master Frederick being intro u i j to the drawing-room and to the ladies, made himself agreeable, and, being a good piaamt, toon grew in general favor. Next morm. g the young gentleman had to be off on urgent business ; when lo ! who should arrive immediately afj*rward« but two troopers, armed with tho*e terriflo instruments of the law war* rants for his arrest for numerous cases of for gery.in South Australia. Fancy tho squatter's indignatiuu and disgust fn being thus duped, and then having to vitS the warrant (be being a justioe) lor the apprehension of his amiable guest. Gantleman Fred, next called at Spring Hill, one of Mr. Ormerod's stations, and, still representing himself as that gentleman's nephew, obtained a fine horse to ride into Horsham, saying he would return in the evening. He did return, but this time in company with the police, who persistently k«s^.'. up the chase. He endeavored to sell Mr. Ormerod's horse several times before arrested. I am told this offender v only a short time out of the Adelaide Btoek ad*, having ■erred a long sentence fo«§tqr," 