LITERATURE. i PUT YOURSELF 15 HIS PLACE." Mr. Charles Beade'a last work, the coarse of which has been followed through the pages of the CorrJiill Magazine with vivid interest by the judicious reader, will sustain oar author's reputation as a master of his craft With aO his (daring and anraUr faults, no writer of fiction has ever succeeded in so com pletely taking pocnairion of the reader as Mr. Reade do®. He carries us with him, bound bj a strange spell, against which it is vain for the judgment to rebeL He fascinates as with a sense of power and earnestness which there is no reacting. What though we feel conscious of the daring extravagance of his incidents, of the exaggeration of hislanguage, of the impro bahOitf of his sitaationa, of the violence and coarseneta of many of his sentiments-there i® a'charm in Wr Reade's novels such as none of his rivals can reach. The very in tensity of the writing exercises a carious influence on the imagination. The secret of his influence doubtless lies in the fact that the writer feels hiwwlf that by which he would move his readers. HeisthemoetrealoftheScaonists, in the sense that be pats the greatest force life is his creations. He almost believes in tbetn bim»»lf, and hence he is successful in securing the reader's belief. Again, his imagination is as copious and fertile as it is powerful- He has the art, which is of the f««w of the novel-writer's faculty, of con structing a story at all points. N ameroos and extravsgant as his incidents are, they are heaped up, or rather they accumulate of themselves, with a rue skil fulness which it is in itself ia the nature of genius. There is plot enough in any one of Mr. Reads'* norels to famish a doaen of the easy, colloquial books of Mr. TroEope. There are sensations enouirt. to fit out all the minor theatres with sensa* tion melodrama. And yet it is impossible not to obey the impulse which carries ns along this tumultuous flood of life and action. The reader who once opens a page of Mr. Reade's norels is as sorely fixed by his " glittering eye " as was the wedding guest by the ancient mariner's. He cannot but choose to hear. He may mutter to himself, as did the old country parson after a first reading of Gulliver, that " there is an air of improbability in the nar rative," but read he most to the end. Thin pwiliiiT talent of Sir. Reade was never down to pato advantage than in Put YomeJf is Bit Place. To say of it that it as powaful, enthralling, irresistible romance, is to offer bat a poor tribute to its merits. Mr. Reade has almost outdone himself In bis last story at trade unionism. As usual) with him, he is terribly in earnest about his purpose, which is to expose the ini quities of that hyttem of tanmai to which labour is subject in England in the trade societies, the system of which a fall revela tion was made some two yean ago by the ghgffifM fymmkawm. In fact,someof the very personages who figured in that memorable exposure are introduced into the noveL The reader will have no difficulty in recognising the original of Grotait, even if Hr. Reade bad not given as a palpable doe to his identity in his name. The various scenes and incidents relating to die " rattening" unionism are taken from die life, and are certainly not exag gerated- They are more thrilling in Mr. Reade's pages and they excite greater horror, simply became they are described artistically. The records of the Saw-grinders' and the Bricklayers' Unions contain ample evidence of the truth of ML Beade'a sketches; and we Lave only to torn to the reports of the Shef field and Manchester Commissioners to be con vinced that Grotait and his unions do not ewe their eristanwr to the novelist's imagina tion. Bat whatever may be the value of Mr. Beade'a powerful exposure of trade nniotfism, and whatever we may think of the introduction of tins kind of sub ject into a work of fiction, there will be no two opinions as to the artistic excellence of He Beade'a work In die con struction of the story. It would be vain to attempt, even were it practice to do so, to sketch any oatline of the plot. The tale is so full of extraordinary sensations, of dramatic surprises, of strange romantic incidents, that itwoold beimpoanble to do any justice to the author In a description of its principal inct denta It is only necessary for as to say that -thecbaractenareall fall of life, and abounding in flesh and blood-that they move and speak like human creatures- that if they are often -Coo spasmodic and impossibly muscular or -virtnona, tbey are never dull or uninteresting. 'The heroine is too oftenih tears, and is rather A weak joongpeiBon-the villain is too deeply and consistently villanous-the hero makes tretnendons plaj with his arms and legs, and iiis faahfcreadth escapes, and "moving .aoddentsby flood and field," are multiplied gtedbwi £00 extravagantly. Bat for all that ye mtwud'to read through the book with, -ontfckiwing a with ^o wing eyes and heigfrteaeflpnlae. . This is, after all, the describing the ex* pkttfoa -<i' IitUe% forging works by the with new and tenibttmrtpriih, which be had never bandied in the of wiiw before. "He M in bis bint a substance so dangerous that he had made a nest of soft cotton for the receptacle which held it; and when the boat touched the shore, light «$ the OTTitart was, 1m quaked iest his impnssoed giant-devil should go off, and blow him to atom*. " He pat off teaching it till the last moment He got Ids jointed ladder, set St very softly underneath the window where the feeble eas-light was, and felt abxt with his hands for the grating he bad observed when he fin* reconnoitred the premises from the river. He found it, bat it was so high that he had to reach a little, and the position was awkward for working. "The prdUesa was bow to remove one of these bars, and so admit his infernal m.rhmy; it was about the shape and size of an ostrich's egg. It most be done wit ho at nnis-p, for the room above him was Little s, and Little, he knew, had a wire by means of which he could summon Ransome and the police in the tain of a hand. "The cold of the night, and the now pre sent danger, made Cole shiver all over, and he passed. Bathe began again, and taking oat a fine steel saw highly tempered, pro ceeded to saw the mm slowly and gently, ready at the first alarm to spring from his ladder and ran away. With all his caution, steel grated steel, and made too much noise in the sully night. He desisted. _ He felt about «»d found the grating was let into wood, not stone; be oQed the saw, and it cat the wood like batter. ... He took from its recep the little metal box lined with glazed paper, which contained the fulminating giver and iainse; and holding it as gently as possible, went and moan ted the ladder again, {Hitting his loot down as softly as a cat. " But be vu getting colder and colder, and, at this unfortunate mom rait, he remembered when be was a lad. a man had been destroyed by fulminating silver, quite a small quantity, in a plate over which he was leaning; yet the poor wretch's limbs had been foand in different places; and be him self had seen tha bead; it had been torn from the trunk afld hurled to an incredible distance. That trunkless bead he now fan cied be saw, in the middle of the fog ; and his body began to sweat arid, and his bands to shake so, that he could hardly hold the box. Bat if be Let it fall "He came hastily down the ladder, and sat down on the dirty ground with the infer nal c-r.fnnv beside him. By-and-by he got up yrid tried to warm bis hands and feet by motion, »»*< at last be recovered his forutade, and vent softly and cat-like op the steps again, in spite of the various dangers he in corned. . . . " He reached the top of the ladder, be pot his hand inade the grate; there was an aper ture, bat he could not find the bottom. He hesitated. Ben was a fresh danger: if he let the box fall, ft might explode at once and send him to eternity. Once mote he came softly down, and collected all the tow and wool he coald find. He Went ap the ladder, and pat these things through the grat ing; they formed a bed. "Tben he wait back for the fatal box, took it op the ladder with a beating heart, laid it softly in its bed, uncoiled the fase, andlet it hang down. I " So now these two fiendish tilings were placed, and their devilish taQs hanging oat hrfiH them. The fuses had been cut with the utmost nicety to born the same length of time-12 minutes. But Cole was too thoughtful and wary to light the fuses until everything was prepared for his escape. He put the ladder on boaid the boat, disposed tbe oars so that he cuuld use them at once: then crept to the engine chimney, kneeled down beside the fuse, looked anxiously up at the faint light glimmering above, and took off his hat" "With singular cnnrslngatid forethought he IimI pasted a piece of sandpaper into his hat. By "?>« be lighted a iueifer at once, and kept it out of sight of the windows, and also safe from the weather; Ik drew the eud of the fuse into the bat, applied the match fo it oat of sight, then blew the match oat, and darted to his otter infernal m»itin». In less than lfl seconds Ik had lighted that fase too; then stept into the boat, and left those two devilish sparks creeping each on its fatal errand. He pulled away with exulting bown. beating heart, and creeping flesh. He pulled swiftly np stream, landed at the bridge, staggered op the step*, and found Coventry at his post, bat almost frozen, and sick of waitng. "He staggered up to him, and gasped out, Tve done the trick, give me the brass, and ! lei me go. I see a halter in the air.' His ! teeth chattered. "Bat Coventry, after hoping "and fearing for two boon and a bait had lost all confi dence in his associate, and he said, 'How am I to know you've done anything T "'Y0o.ll see, and yonll hear,' said Cole. "They both listened keenly. The fog was thick by this time. Cole whispered, " Look down the river. I wonder which will go off first? It's very cold, very,' and he shook like a pan In an ague. "Both men listened, numbed with paid, and quivering with the expectation of crime. A clock struck twdve. At the first stroke the confederates started and uttered a cry. They were In that state when, everything sodden stakes men like thunder. All still again, and tbey listened, and diode again with fog and "Snddenlya Inrid flash, and a report, doll and heavy, and something tall seemed to lean towards ttiemfrom tbedcy, and there was* mighty rushing sound, and a cold wind in their faces, ami anawfpl fall of masonry on the -water, and the wrier abnrtedunder the stroke. The great chimney had fallen in the ^mendoosrepoSkuke & dap ofthunder close band. It ^»o»wfidluat1>$rt|ibac and A fell out of Coventor's hand, and rang (ftvemenVana .Mfl. terror . frightened, went down on R.T- _-T- AIM! got tfmh»(rt and started to run tbeotfgr'ww. Bat almost at the first step lie ttn against ^ man, wbo wasrunning rT- _-rr- fcntwikffl down. Butthe Jaareo^^htoBdf^M; and uefcedCole idthagtipflfiion. The hero escapes by * miracle the deadly pare laid for bim,<bat is believed to be deadby bM^btbbUU^flrMe; his betrothed. ^. long conflict "with her footingvcon ltslo gtvA berhand to Coventry, Little's after tte marrfafeoenwaeny *hat she learns A Little's being -alive,' fcislefterifrom Amerioa iving brtti by 'Coventry. The situation tin* turjpasses toy In the ordinary novels, wbere we axe gene rally relieved of oar anriftflww by (he confu sion of the villain at the church door. Here ft tfw aceoe wben the bride, returning from church, sad on the point of driving away with ber husband, discovers his treachery "Jid De∨, looking out of Grace's window, saw the postman coming, and ran to get Grace her letters (if any) before she went. "The postman, knowing her well, gave her the ooe letter there was. "Lolly, wtnmlng from the ins, where he bad stopped one unlucky minute to drain a glass, saw this, and ran after Jael, and caught ber just inside the gate. "'That is for me,'said he, rudely. "'Nay. it's for thy betters, young man; 'tis for Hiss Grace Carden.' " "Slje is Mrs. Coventry now, so give it me.* " ' IH take ber orders first* _ "On ti»w Lilly grabbed at it and caught Jael's right band, which closed directly on the letter like a vice. " 'Are these jour mannersT said she. ' Give it now.' " * I tell jon I will have it' said he. fiercely, for be had caught sight of the handwriting. "He seized her hand, and applied his knuckles to the back of it with all his force That hurt her, and she are a cry, and twisted away from him and drew back; then, patting her left hand to his breast she gave a great yaw, and then a forward rash with ber mighty loins, and a contemporaneous shove with ber amsring left arm, that would have poshed down some brick walls, and the weight and strength so suddenly applied sent Lally flying likea feather. His head struck the stone gate-post, and he measured his length under it. " Jael did not know bow completely she had conquered him. and she ran in with a face as red as fire. and took the letter np to Grace, and was telling her, all in a beat, about the insolence of ber new husband's Irish servant wben suddenly she half recognised the handwriting, and stood staring at it, and began to tremble. " "Why, wliat is the matter f said Grace. "*0b, nothing Miss. I'm foolish. The writing seems to me like a writing we shall never we again.' And she stood and trembled still more, for the handwriting struck her more and more. "Grace ran to ber. and, at the very first glance, uttered a shriek of recognition. She caught it from Jael, tore it open, saw the signature, and sank into a chair, half faint ing, with the letter pressed convulsively to her breast " Jael, trembling, but comparatively self possessed, ran to the doordirectly, and locked it " ' My darling! my darling! he is alive The dear words, they swim before mv eyes. Bead! read! tell me what he says. Why hai | be abandoned me ? He has not abandoned me. Oh, God, what have I done 1 what hare I donef " Before that letter was half-read, or rather sobbed, out to ber, Grace tore off all her bridal ornaments, ana trampled them under her feet and moaned, and twisted, and writhed, as if her body was being tortured as well as ber heart: for Henry was true as ever, and she bad married a viUain. " She took the letter from Jael, and de voured every word; though she was groaning and sobbing with the wildest agony all the time." A letter is read by Little's nncle, who is gammoned to die room, from the absent lover, denouncing Coventry, and " There was. on the toilet-table, a stiletto, with a pearl handle; it was a small thing, j but the steel rather king, and very bright and pointed. "The unfortunate bride, without lifting her head from the table, had reached out her hand, and was fingering the stiletto. Jael Denoe went and took it eectly away, and nut it oat of reach. The bride went on fingering, as if she had still got hold of it. " Amboyne exchanged an approving glance with Jael, and Iiaby concluded the letter. *" I shall be home in a few days after this; and, if I find my darling well and happy, tlif re's no great hum done: I don't mind my own trouble and anriety, great as they axe: bat if any scoundrel has made her unhappy, or made her believe I am dead or false to.my djuiiBg, by God I'll kill him, though 1 hang for it next day.' "Crushed, benumbed, and broken as Grace Coventry was, this sentence seemed to act on Iter like an electric shock. " She started wildly np. ' What! my Henry die like a felon-for a villain like him. and an idiot like me. Yon won't allow that; nor job-boi L* "A soft step came to the door, and a gentle tap. " "Who Is that? said Dr. Amboyne. _ "'The bridegroom,' replied a soft voica. " 'Yon can't come in here,' said Baby, roughly. *' * Open the door.* said the bride. *'Jad vent to the door, bat looked uncer tain. <*" Don't keep the bridegroom out,' said Gtace, reproachfully. Then, in a voice as sweet as hts own,' I want to see him; I want to speak to him.' *' Jael opened the door slowly, for she felt naea£. Baby shrugged his shoulders con temptuously at Grace's condescending to speak to the man, and in so amiable a tone. "Coventry entered, and began, * My dear Grace, the carriage Is ready * " No sooner bad she got him fairly into the room, than the bride anatchodnpthe stiletto, and flew at the bridegroom with gleaming eyes, uplifted weapon, the yell of a furious. w£ld heart, «nd hair flying oat behind her bead like a lion's mane." iThafc tbetesbould be any escape from*3 situation tike fliis except In a general lulling ot the dramatis persona would seem to be im pOGBtb)& But Mr. Readecontrivestotryhis hero and heroine still further before bring*, ingthem to&einevitrttehappyeiid.; There isagreat flobd at Hillsborpugh, caused by the busting of a dam, which is fiiost graphicsllytold. ?'" Bausome attend a cry of horror, and gUoped madly formed, to save what lives i' Whenever lie passed a house he shrinked bUwarning,b«Uiieiiejrer drew.nrin. ?" ".h "As he galloped aloi&his; mind worked. He observed the r^le)^ inptox^aml l^e aome ^ that ' tremeaidoiis yMnnu wi force before which he had seen Hatfiddrtooe #i»down.,«;Jik - m ? " With this hope he galloped oil and readied Poma Bridge, fire^mUnaadahalf; ;I. .i- ? b -:t :? - Ift,. hi "j *ffiere,io hisd^smay, Jbeheard thfi htwing Damflaskt^rathe Hald see nothing, owing i to a torn in the ' "At the bridge itoelf,be found A roan stand withouthk bat, staring wildly op $h» >yeiled>to Ihia nuui. 'D^ is lKait, Pam the Tillage-for their lives-run on'to Hillsborough-when you are winded, send another on. You'll all be paid at the town* ball' "Then he dashed across the bridge. "As be crossed it, be eaagbt sgfat of the flying lake oooe m«t: he had gone over more ground, bat he bad gone no farther. Re saw the white nil strike Dolman's farm; there was a light in one window now. He saw the farmhouse, with its one light, swim bodily. then melt sad disappear, with all the poor semis in it. " He galloped on ; his hat flew off: became under the camera* house, and yelled ft warn ing. A window was opened, and a man looked oat; the light was behind him. and. even in that terrible moment, he recognised -Shifty Dick. "' The flood! the flood! Fly 2 Get on high grand for your lives!' "He galloped furiously, and made for Little's house." The flood reaches the boose where Little is watching Grace, whom Coventry is preparing to carry off by force. little it in the act of covering his enemy with a rifle, when "Then came a fierce galloping, and Ran soroe, with bis black hair ana beard flying, and hi* face like a ghost, reined np. and sbooted wildly.' Dam burst! Coining down here! Ply for your lives! Fly!' " He tarned. and galloped np the htIL " Cole and bis mite emerged, and followed him, bowling; bat before the other poor crea toress, half paralysed, could do anything, the hissing thunder was upon them. What seemed a mountain of mow came rolling, and bant on them with terrific violence, whirling great trees and fragments of houses past with incredible velocity. " At the first Mow, the houw that stood nearest to the flying lake was shattered; and went to pieces goon after: all the houses quivered as the water rushed rooud them two stories high. "Little never expected to lire another minute; yet, in that awful moment, his love stood firm. He screamed to Grace. "The bouses most go!-the tree!-the tree-get to the tree T " Bat Gr»ce. so weak at times, was more than mortal strong at that dread hoar. '"Wbat, lire with him,'she cried, ' when I can die with yon!' "She folded berarms, and her pale face was radiant-no hope, no fear. "Xow came a higher wave, and the water reached above the window-alls of the bed room floor, and swept away the ladder; yet; driven forward like a cannon- bullet, did not yet pour into the bedrooms from the main strom; bat by degrees the furious flood broke, melted, and swept away the interven ing houses, and thai hacked off the gable-end of Grace's house, as if Leviathan had bitten a piece out. Through that aperture the flood came straight in, levelled the partitions at a blow, rushed into the other rooms with fear ful roar, and then, rushing out again to re join the greater body of water, blew the front wall dean away, and swept Grace oat into the raging current "The water pourios outof the house carried her, at first, towards the tree, and Little cried wildly to Coventry to save her. He awoke from his stapor of horror, and made an at tempt to clntch her; but then the main force of the mighty water drove her away from bim towards the house; her helpless body was whirled round and round three times by the straggling eddies, then harried any like a feather by the overwhelmning torrent" In the end, the rescue comes in an unex pected fashion. The lovers are extricated from a position as unpleasant as it is possible to conceive, and the villain is confounded and punished. Of the process by which this extraordinary feat is accomplished not one word will be missed by him who begins to zead Pat TborteYm his Place. 