THE REVENUE ron 1809.-"Wo liavo reason to boliovo that tho rovonuo returns for tho yonr 1809 -will exhibit tho most gratifying results, Tho amount of rovonuo actually received ivas £2,177,970. To this sum has tobo added tho amount of £30,000 duo from tho Govern- ment of Victoria on account of Border Customs. This will mako up tho sum of £2,207,970 as tho rovonuo of tho year 1809, hoing an inorooso of £137,G14 . ou tho rovonuo of tho year 1808, willoh was £2,070,350. Theso figures may, wo boliovo, bo roliod upon ns corrcot. TnE GovEtiNon. -His Excellency arrived, in town yesterday afternoon from his family rcsidenco at Throsby Park, whore, with tho Countess and attendants, ho has boon spending his Christmas. Lord Belmore will return to the country this evening. SPECIAL MEETING; OP TIIE CITY COUNCIL.-A Bpeoial mooting of tho Municipal Council of Sydney has boon convened by Iiis "Worship tho Mayor, to bo boldon at tho Town Hall, York-stroot, on Monday next, at 3 o'clock in the nfternoon, for tho purposo of taking into consideration and adopting tho specifications for tho building on Prince Alfred Tark, and tho draft loaso to bo executed by the Agricultural Society of Now South "Wales for the occupation of tho building, for tho term of ton yoars. ST. VINCENT'S NEW HOSPITAL BALL COMMITTEE. An adjournod mooting of this committee was hold yesterday evening in tho committee room of St." Mary'» Cathedral. Mr. K. Covonoy, who occupied tho ohair, stated that tliobusuicsswnstho distribution of the tickets nnd matters as to tho advertising. As there was not a full mooting tho distribution of tho tickets was the only business dono. It is ovidont from the demand already apparent that tho affair will be preeminently n success. -.UNITED PJIAYEB MEETINGS AND SERVICES.-Tho last of the sorics of united prayer mcotings, woro hold yesterday. At 1 o'olock, a prayer meeting was hold in tho Tompernnco Hall; tho Rev. A. Thomson presided. In the evening, n united communion was hold in the Congregational Church, Pitt-strcot. Thoro was a largo ? attendanco of communicants of various Churohcs. Tho Rev. John Graham prosidod. The Rov. Colin M'Cullooli prcachod a sormon on Romans, 0: 4, "Tho lovo of God shod abroad in the heart." Tho Rov. Messrs. A. Thomson and "W. J. H. Piddington also took part in the service. United meetings of similar character have boon held during the week in tho suburbs, and other parts of tho colony. Altogether n largo numbor of Christians of almost overy deno- mination have boen associated in them. THE GOLD-KIELDS.- ADDITIONAL REGULATIONS. His Excellency the Governor having boon plcasodto approvo of tho following additional regulations, with respect to tho issuo of leases for gold-mining on Church ona School lands, tho santo are published in last night's Omette for genoral information :-Lciiso of Church and Sohool Lands for Gold Mining Purposes.-1. Tho regu- lations dated 21st August, %18C8, aro horoby repealed. 2\. LeascB for gold-mining on Church and School lands may in future bo_pbtainod by application in liko man- ner, and will be granted subjcot to tho sovorol terms and conditions npphcnblo under the regulations in force for the time hoing to leases of auriferous tracts of Grown land. 3. Tho Gold Commissioner of tho dis- trict will deal with such applications ns with oppli cations of tho character last mentioned, and wrill bo empowored to authorise tho occupation of the land niter tho application sholl hnvo boen forwardod by him with his recommendation for the approval of tho Ministor for Lands ; but no person will bo nt liberty to commence operations until such approval shall have boon duly notified. 4. Existing authorised holdings on Church nnd School lnnds may he converted into leases by application to tho Commissioner in manner nbovo indicated, but tho preliminary marking required hi other casos will not bo necessary. 5. No other mode of occupation for gold-mining than that here Iirovided for will bo permitted on Churoh and School ands ; and any person found mining or otherwise occupying without tho requisite permission, will bc prosecuted for trespass os upon private land. G. All moneys received for looses of Church nnd School lands aro to bo soparatoly accounted for. DEPUTATION.-Yostordny, at noon, tho Hon. tho Ministor for Works roooivod a deputation, who wisliod to bring under his notice tho urgent want of a good road from Bathurst to tho nowly formed Trunkey Gold-fields. E. "Webb, Esq., tho member for "Wost Macquarie, with Mr. G. A. Lloyd, M.L.A., and Mr. Thomas Hale, pointed out to Mr. Sutherland, from their own observation, tho necessity for Government assistance. Tho township of Trunkey, with noar two thousand people accumulating thero within tho last six months, has a wrotchodbush road only for tho great traillo to Bathurst. Mr. Sutherland, af tor discussing tho ques- tion, promised that tho portion of road in tho hands of tho Government should bo classed as a third class road. This wiU bo n great advantage to all tho varied interests nt Trunkey and along the lino of road via Calloola. Mr. Sutherland's attention was also called to the faot that a sum of monoy had been voted to to complote a telegraph lino from Bathurst to Carcoar and Cowra, and if this lino was taken through Trunkey to. Carcoar it would only increase tho distanco a fow miles, and would bo thc means of increasing very con- siderably tho oarnings of tho wiro. Mr. Cracknell was sent for, and stated, in reply to Mr. Sutherland's questions, that tho monoy votod would bo sufficient to carry tho lino via Trunkoy as it would bo OB easy country to mako a lino through. The lion, tho Minister for "Works then said, if tho Trunkoy pooplo would join thoso of Carcoar in thc usual guarantee as to intercst tho wiro should bo taken through Trunkey. Tho depu, tation then thanked Mr. Sutherland for bis business- like courtesy and attention to tholr suggestions, and oxpresscd a hopo that tho tolograph lino would bo soon commenced, BonitoWBtis BEWARE.-At the Central Road Board, Adelaido, on tho 21st Decombor, tho following decision was arrived at :-Surveyor's General Remarks.--" With regard to a lettor signed 'J. Deslandes,' which appoarod in tho Jlepintcr of tho 13th instant, complain- ing that ho had not boon ropaid monoy which he lout to G. Horsley, stntionman, whilo Horsley was overlook- ing a contract wliich Deslandes was carrying out, I havo informed Kersloy that if ho cannot givo a satis- factory explanation I shall not again employ him, and I would respectfully request tho Board to caution Mr. Deslando» not to lond monoy to persons who oro omployed to ovorlook his contrant work, bocauso such persons might regard it as an inducement to neglect their duty, and so got tho survoyor into diffi- culty, besidos causing loss to tho Board." Mr. M'Ewin remarked that, in his opinion, for a stntionman to borrow from a contractor, was equal to asking for a bribe. He thought Korsloy should not bo employed again undor the board, that his casa might bo an example to others. If a person having tho, superintendence of work borrowod monoy from tho individual carrying it out, ho was powerless -lio could not complain that tho work was not hoing Sroperly dono. Mr. Bright concurred in what Mr. I'Ewin had said. Tho chairman also agrood, and considered that any contractor londing monoy to an officer of tho bonrd should havo his name placed on tho black-list for two yoars nt least. (Hoiir, honr.) Tho ono londing should bo punished as well as ho who rocoived.-Tho board dooidod that tho nuino of any contractor londing monoy to any porson in thoir em- ployment should bo placed on tho black-list J and diroctod that Dcslnndcs should bo censured for Iiis conduot, nnd that Horsley should not bo again om nlnvml undnr timm SUPEHNATUIIM. APPKARAMOK.-Ono night Inst wcok a young mun was coming from Shoolhavon, «hon ho beheld what ho beliovcil was a ghost, or somothing vory Uko ono. On crossing Mount Pleasant ho was riding leisurely along, tho night hoing dark but sufficiently light enough to onablo him to discern objects, when, without any provious intimation, his horso started at somothing. Simultaneously a strange noiso was hoard, and on looking down to tho sido of tho road ho behold tho spootre. Tho hoad was only vislblo, and ho doscribes it as hoing largor in size than a cow's. Tho cars wero as long as n poison's arm, whllo tho eyes appeared as largo ns a man's fiBt, and kept whirling round and round. Tho horso Immediately started, anti did not halt till noor Kiama. "Wo liavo been informed that anothor individual obaorvod somothing startling ono Sunday night, not long ago, about tho small hours. Ho was returning home, nml whon between Mount Pleasant and Kinma, a orcnturo in tho form of a man, about six feet in height, with black stripes down caoh of his legs, and minus a lien<l, made its appenranco vory near his horse's head. Tho indi- vidual looked at it, and continued his course, but sovoral times ho noticed lt following hin» nt a brisk puce. Ho Immediately put spurs to his horso and tho ghost taking tho hint rjuickuncd his paco. Tlioy raced for soino distance, whon suddenly tho speotro " vanished Into thin air." Such nra tho circumstances ai related to us. AVe rofraln from giving any opinion on tho limttor. Thoy wcro rola tod to us in all sincerity on tito night of tho occurrence, and tho witness was vory nervous, and " all of a shako." Tho only uonalii I sion wo cnn arrive at i-i that thu fcpectro might have henri "l'arkes's flhoit" tfiltinirii tour lound the beloved I constituency. -Kiama IHM, J 