GMTRG, DRIFFHNFL AND M t t U H . ADELEINE It was night in the sear month of June, And a crescent was sailing on high— The crescent of Dian the moon Sailed up in the lead-coloured sky; And the night it was cold and bleak, And worn and weary was I, And ghostly from peak to peak Sailed Dian far up in the sky- Far in the hyemal sky. And I was alone on the waste, And she was away up on high— That maiden as pure and as chaste As Dian that sailed through the sky. That maiden as pure and as bright As the beautiful Queen of the Night That so silently sailed through the sky, And I watched the fair crescent afloat Till I thought it a mystical boat, Till I thought it a magical boat That was sailing far up in the sky. Then the boat it grew larger and brighter, And a halo was cast round her bows, Like glad wavelets that seemed to invite her, And her sailors were ghostB! on whose brows Gleamed stars of the loveliest brightness, Shone stars of the loveliest hue; And the bark danced along in its lightness Through worlds and worlds of blue; And I knew not that it was a vision That was mocking my dreaming view— A ghostly and magical vision That was haunting my fevered view. And among the weird throng of this boat Was one that on earth I had seen— One whose name all my life knew by rote— 'Twas my angel, tfie lost Adeleine. And 1 gasped from my bosom for para, And I struggled with desperate love, That I saw her, but saw her in vain; That I saw her, but saw her above. And I whispered, " Oh, beautiful boat, Sail hitherward, hitherward, here!" And my heart in my breast wildly smote With a reaming and terrible fear. But the dream sailed on in the sky, And in it my fair Adeleine. And to heaven I uttered a cry For one clasp of my radiant queen; For I would not have kept her on earth, In this world of regret and of moan. Nor have spoiled her celestial mirth, Just that I should no more be alone. But my heart it was buisting and wild, And I burned with an absolute love For one clasp of the heavenly child, Then to send her again up above. But the boat it sailed dreamfly on In its vaporous mystical shroud, Till at last the fair vision was gone In the darkening shade of a cloud. Then I watched it passing slowly Leaving its shadow of light, While my knees were bending lowly, Praying return of the sight, While my heart was bending lowly Craving return of the sight. And I cried to heaven wildly For one look of my bright Adeleine, . Who so calmly had looked, and so mildly, From her seat by fair Dian the queen. And I watched the clouds unceasing For the boat that was hid in their breast, While my terrible love was ncreasing, And my heart was refusing to rest. But my prayers they were all unheeded, For the bark was no longer seen, And pale Dian alone calmly speeded; But gone was my loved Adeleine. Then the tears came rushing forth blindly, And I sunk on my knees to the earth, That I once could have wished so unkindly As to spoil for an instant her mirth. The mirth of my heavenly maiden, The joy of my lost Adeleine, The joy of dwelling in Aidenn, The rest of my life and my queen. And I was alone on the waste, And she was away up on high, That midden more pore and more chaste Than Dian that sailed through the sky. Yet I shed an ungrateful tear As I thought of this world of stone, That she sorrowed nevermore here, While I suffered anguish alone. JAMES DONLOP. [The following genuine lines have been forwarded to us for publication, and we think our readers would be sorry not to have the perusal of them, though as to the abstruse problem they propound, we candidly confess we give it up.—ED.| THOUGHTS AFTER GLANCING OVER LONGFELLOW'S POEMS, O, will I ever a poet be? Will flowery words issue from me? Will I ever wield the pen, So as to guide my fellow-men? O, will I ever have the power To cheer a man as a garden flower? Will I, like Longfellow, have the mind To bless the world, to bless mankind? Or will I for ever remain in the dark, Like a dead ember, not emitting a spark? Will my poor brains expand and grow, And o'er the world a sunbeam throw? Or will they, alas! decay and rot, And leave me a waif, a dolt, a blot; Leave me a poor, a friendless youth, Without a guide to point to truth? AMEISE. Adelaide, June 21,1870. A CHANCE tor EPICURES.—A well-known butcher's shop in Adelaide was on Wednesday evening graced with the carcase of a splendid sheep, which attracted unbounded admiration from the shifting yet continuous crowds of bystanders. It was a pure Southdown, bred and fattened by Mr. John Chambers of Richmond; and, apart from its untisual size and weight, it completely realized Goldsmith's description, as " a picture for painters to study— The fat was so white, and the lean was so ruddy." 