[?] / / /^wo /ladies— two irdiJiia ? :\ ! , : ;[snOM. THE CORNHILIi1 MAGAZINE'.]. ?: ? :--- .-... ,:;?,-/:. v, '.......'?? ,; ?? ...??.-?...?..,!??.,= I -??.. What restless gcriins is it that takes so malicious a pleaisure in shifting and mingling tlio various \ materials of which daily lifo is composed? No isoonor are a sot of peoplo and circumstances com fortably sorted out together, than they aro suddenly ongulphcdj disporsed, rbyplvcd away,— no sbonor aro tlioy woll dispersed, than all tho winds, and horses,, andijawa of gravitation aro struggling to ; bring them togother again. ? Years ago a little sot of peoplo had beonsitting round tho firb at Brand ;Houso, arid'had dispoi-sod east and.Sypst, arid for . a 'dozbn years, and bn thb day about which I am ?writing, somo . of theiri had come togothor- again by- an odd accidorit. It is truo thoy wero sitting iri stiffer attitudes tlia'n ' whiori they had last as sembled; arid some of them scorned to havp -viga and .masks bri,; compared, to thpir old, remombranco of each pthpr. A litt]o girl who, Svas playing in hor piriaforolast/tirpo, is now.;dressed upi.as areal young: lady, with a rod petticoat, and looped' grby dross,; and round gi'oyeyos, and. a chignon;; a young I wc-hunting- person is disguised as an archdeacon; tho hostess, who was, a handsome and dignified person twolvo, yoars ago, has put on. a black front and spcctaclos, which, cortainly do not. improve her appearance ; ; tho least changed of tho party ia a young man, who! hail just como of ago when thoy kst met [all togother. Ho hm grown a thick board, ho has travelled, and loarnt to sriioko a narghile airice his last, visit, to Brand Houso ; but, oh tho whole, ho is not greatly altored, ,,_.','-,, / .. ;''', ,'.'?'? ... .--, Thoy havp boori sitting for an hour, and reading and talking of Onp thing arid another, whilo a log of wood has changed into blue and golden, ilames. Mrs. Brandiscombo, ,'iri tho wig. and spectacles, announces an arrival by tho six- o'clook, trains Her son-in-law,' tho Archdeacon,' and- his lady, who_ are returning ; homo noxt day, talk aboufc stations' and cross- roads and , convenient trains The young trayoller, it seems, is leaving too, and going to another country-house, called The Mount, about a '?mile off. l Tho young lady is pressed tQ stay. 'Dpar' Caroline (tho expected guest) ? '-would;. bo' so disappointed to niitis her.'1 Tho ??,,'. girl hesitates, tiu8ies up,, says slie thinks she ,. must go home'.'wiCfrhefunole: the Archdeacon'; she shall see her MeYd at'dinner: she cannot stay here; she . cannot 'fccejjt the Merediths' iuvita- tion to The; Mount; jhe is, Wanted at home. They all try to persuade hur to,change; her mind .; and ^ just as - Bho is giyiiW way, the carriage is. an- ' nbunced. Mrs. Branfiscombe ipstantly rises ;tp ? . , ? get ready, and they alldisperse;; some' go to their ? ' \\. rooms, ;somo outinto tie cold dim' December world ' 'all found about ; thef ' yoifces' die away tip. the _-.,..- staircase and passages, jjirid everything is' silent. -Janet Iretqn, the yoang lady in the chignon, . is. delayed in thehallifor a muinute by/Mr. ' Hollis of the oeard, wli asks her if she is going ? to walk with her uriclt. Janet ansiivBrS shyly ? ? '' ''? and quickly, and springs upstairs lightf opted. Sne comes upon the wo older ladies leisurely /..;' proceeding down .the sid^ passage. '.'.He is post, ?:,'.. to blame, if those are hs real intentions,' says , i:/: Mrs. Brandiscombe. 'He' should not cause a' : young girl to : be remarked upon'; it is riot the ' ; . first time.' ' It is his wly, mamma,'. says Mrs. , ? Debenham^ the Archdeacon s second wife. ,_ 'The ' ?'.:??' Archdeacon won't believe Jne. What does it mat- ; ; ? tor ? ,he is very nice. I assure you, he nieans no ,. f'thing. Don't you ' rememfcr how he flirted with .:'-?' me and with — — '? Oh, Jariit, ' I didn't .hear you.' , 'Hm— ah !— girls cannot be too careful,' says ' .Mrs. Brandiscombe, turning into her room, while. ? ,', Janet, with tingling ears aia, cheeks, flies downla ? . side passage, a The coachmmj to his indignation, ?'? is actuaUy kept waiting ten '*nnutes. ;?'?/ ; ?? ?'?-. '???? ; Janet, who is in her greai'rborn at the' end of ;; the passage, fastening abiabkhat, with a smart 'red feather, becomingly; on tj^etop of her chignon, : ;, is surprised by a tap at the door,- and an appari . ? 'x : tionoiMrs. Brandiscombe herself, ready veiled, . and : gloved, ? and .caped, ' aid prepared, for her ?';??? daily airing in theclose carriiige. _' Although it ;':; is against my cuatom.to keep toe horses waitings': ',; Bays the old lady, 'ithas dwuiTedt6;rde '^hat, ? ^ as I ani going to call upon Mrs. Meredith, you, '; : : might like to send some message. Are you quite . ? v;; determined to return home to-tnorrow?' 'Almost. , quite,' Janet said, wistfully, looking into the old '. ' lady's wrinlded face. 'I ha'ie had a delightful .holiday.' Everybody has bem so kind— -rdon't .'?']]? :' \ ?'. 'I merely wished w ascertain your, in-' ; ? tehtions'' said the shrouded figure,, preparing to ?; :go. '' We are only 'too glad to[keep you, Janet ; although I cannot but agree7 with my daughter in. . , 'her opinion of our guest. ' Hetnas,if Idon't mis ..: take, a very special reason' fbriwismng to prolong, ' his stay in this' neighborhood— alady whom he' ,: knew,' . „?. But I am not at^iberty-^-I merely ?''- wish to express a hope that your name may not be : coupled with his, and to approve of your selfre ??'? ''..' /pie's opinion.' . ''..:'' ''.?'??'. ' ,.'.[.. '-.'.., ''.:..:?,'.'??*'?: .'?/???? '.Mrs. Brandiscombe had been uttering dark . ?;. oracles ever since Janet's arrival; hut none so de finite as this. The girl listened! half krigry, 'half- ; ? 'incredulous, half indignant, 'Tljeri she ran down-; : J; stairs -in' no very amiable frame of nund.;; ,; .Mr.., Hollis was gone. Her uncle, wag waiting; for her . ','\ in the hall, rolling an, umbrella/ian'd, prepared to ':??': start. 'Janet walked away, still disturbed in' her /mind. 'What has become of Mr. Hollis?'; said ' . the Archdeacon, looking upand Ipwri the misty 1 garden.; ; 'He promised to 'waif,' for. iis 'here.-'. .'; '.'; '', Who wants Mr. Hollis V said 'Janet; .; , '! Come '??'' .:'? aiong, undo John ; -we shall lose ipe best part - of ?.'? ? ,,. the day.' ? ?' : - \:}'^-r--:.:.- '.U^ ';.?.- ? -, ? ' -.:\ ?' '-?'?-. ?.; ..'...? '.,'.' .? ??'?:;''''-'/.'ii.': .?'}V'.tV/---.;'.,1 H' ! Who does, not know- the look of furniture in a ' room; lately vacated, as it stands atout the chim v ' iiey-piece in confidential proximity?. A; sort; of ''faint image of the people who are gene is still in1 1 , : the deserted chamber. Stuffed arni- chairs .with;; , ;,- sprawling castorea legs turnea ti^waraa eacn ; .?;?. other, a duchesse with a' grand. lafee back in an; . affected attitude hy the table, a sprinkling of ? ! ; light bachelor cane-chairs joining into the cqnver , satipn, and then the hostess's state chair in :its chintz dressing-gown by the chimney corner, with ..'. its work-basket, its paper-cutter, and its hook; by ; its side* The book at Brand House is Early Yeara: t of the Prince Consort. ? There is a lozenge- and , a coat of arms upon the paper-cutter;'; One' of the, castorcd chairs has been reading the Cfuardian, which is now lying in a dead faint upon the ; floor all, doubled over.' .On: the grand lace-covered cushion rests a little green book of poetry, with' a i sprig of holly to mark the place. lEverythiiiglis quite silent, and a coal fells into the feridar, which conscientiously reflects the fire. There is a distant roll (not so loud as that which aii , .. . nounces the arrival of the carriageori the stage), i ?: then more silence ; some one walking in the gar ? den looks in .through the tall window. You may see through the .glass that it is the. gentlema? ;r with the black beard and black eyes and countrj F ' loggings who was lately established by, thelaca ' chair. ? ' '? ? - ' ;?.-?? -He walks away and disappears behind a, laurel-bush, and then nothihgmore happens till . the clock begings to strike. With;tho last stroke ';'? of four comes a sound of voices, a rustling ofsilks.i ? The door opens wide, and a ilady is standingan the! .'? middle of the room, looking curiously up and down . with bright slow glances. 'Her glances are those} ? ' of a well-esteemed and well satisfied person. Peo ple look what they are, gazing at other lives; ^hey look what they feel when they are sitting, being-gazed at. It is curious to note the dif ferent expressions with ; Vhich : people see the ' : , .'daily life-pictures that pass before them, the long, portrait galleries, tne pictures 01 still lite tor ; housekeepers, the tableaux de genre in our. homes. ,-. , ; Some look critically, secure of their, own standing, , \- , though it maybe on adifferent level; others, : wistfully, feeling that they have no share, and are always looking on : others —and to this class ? .... my lady belongs — with a half -sympathy and a half indifference. She does not care to feel a \- whole sympathy, her life has been, too complete ? / and calm for that ; and yet its very completeness ' and calmness, which have left no :room for1 some 1 things she may once have dreamt of, prevent her from feeling the whole indifference of very happy Eeoplo ; and now' and then she gives aglance from or sheltered bower at the sun and the winds in which others are struggling in the plaina with 'V; .OUt. ? ' ' -' ? '?.? '.??..-. ??? ?'?!'??'- ' '?'- ' ? ' Slow as these, glances are; they,have noted everything j tho chairs, the .tall windows, across , one of which gusty branches are brushing ; she sees the distant, corners of the room reflected in : the dim looking-glasses ; she looks back to know if '; the butler has followed her, and. then moves, with a smile, towards the farthest window,- passing, '' reflected pn from one grim looking-glass to an ? ? otner Asomotimos siueways, somewmes crossing some distant room in a contrary direction to that in which she is really moving), and at last she \ , , . stops the shadowy darkness ana light of the far :??.-'? ' thest window. She can see the grey garden through its panes, the black trees and bluo: dull ' lawn, the boughs all swaying, the' rnkts hanging from the creaking branches or heaped up at the end of the long alleys ; only towards ,the sea the heavy clouds are ront, and a pale grey gleam lights up tho silver and Btool of the waters be yond the oak troe glade. Mist and sea and land without, the familiar streaks and shadows and ?t reflections within. , It is a dozen yeai-s sinco she ; last saw it all ; more than that. , -... .? ''??.-? My lady, whoso namo is Caroline,' is about thirty years; old, a soft happy-looking woman, ?with brown bright, hair, with dimpled cheeks and pretty' white hands, on which flush and twinklo a great many diamond rings as sheun ho'oks tho clasp of her rod gipsy cloak. Itslidos 1 along lior black silk folds and falls in a comfort able purple rod heap^ all round about horfeet. So she stands, taking in every indication of what now ia, and of what is ? left sinco tho last time when sho f^tood in this very jgprnor ; tho same woman, looking out at the same sea and sky and rustling trees, so unchanged did ifc seem to nor, so unchanged did she feel., . For, in two minutes the circles have turned inversely' : she has, travelled back;; beginning at the. nearest end of her life [: her return, her wanderings, her widowhood, her children^ her jnarriage, h'er, early troubles all whirl' past.,' ! 'People are not only their present selves but all their old selves at the same time —sometimes one' and : sometimes another ' coineb uppermost .: and Caroline Kowland is one parti cular self of a dozen years ago at this minuteJ an Dld'.sad childish 'self 'with an; odd prescience of the future. ' Other spirits are, there too, dressed in their old-fashioned: dresses. Spme are alive, some are dead people.' The spirit of poor Mr. Brandiscombe is evoked ; she can see him in his big chair' as! he' sits - hoddisg off to sleop. Mrs. Brandiscombe: has cast away her front, : Fanny (she . w inarried to the- Archdeacon now : she mar ried *af year after her cousin) is sitting at the piano singing 'Theckla's Sorrows,' s'et to music; How she used to sing^ rolling her little fat body from Side to side;' apd' winking her little pig's eyes ; . -...-. . vvitnan tmsrusn- or oia emo tion more visions come, bringing a faint iblush into the widow's cheek...1 One of them is the re membrance of a young man. It comes striding straight across the room, saying good-bye in a quick impatient voico.. ??/,?? '???.????? She rememBers looking up in a bewildered in credulous way, and turning and almost blinded by what she saw— she could hot nioet hia part ing looks, they seemed to kill her as she stood beneath them ; she could not speak nor cry before them all. She remembered holding on tight by the. marble table : all the rest of the room was swinging' before her meanwhile in tune to Fanny Brandiscombe's screams.; 'Why do people re ? member .these things?',, says- poor Caroline, ? pro t,(-sfcin/». ' T7annv T?rji.Tif1ispnTn-io:Tvnii1/1 limrn loaTi flattered if she could have known how many years that song! would go oh ringing in her cousin's ears. Sometimes. people quite unconsciously do something, say something;. that. is to last ianother person's lifetime. ', Sometimes it is, alas ! their own lifetime that they put into a passing moment —a minute that- never ceases for them. It goes on through life; and beyond; life, perhaps to. that other life: where how many; of us, if the choice ;were ours, would not gladly carry the sorrows and remembrances of this one ? It was a. mi'mitA ?like this that; Caroline was remembering. To day, loved- and1 trusted and' independent of others, and well, considered by the world, and on ' good terms with herself, she felt as if she 'could , almost .envy her girlish humility V and innocent helplessness. Now,, her standard might be a little yider perhaps, but it was not so high ; now 3ne migni; pe nappier, pernaps, out not so nappy, 3drrier,:but never so sorry.; . The things that she ' blad hoped of late seemed sordid and small com pared to the old dreams of her youth. ; Men ^and women are not stocks and stones- looking ? on 'un- altered at events as they go hy;i one's life must affect.one -in the.iend. ' ; One of theimany voices' that are , in the silence says to Mrs.! ? Rowland : ' Ypurs, , is an. easy life now, . your old one was ' hard and sad and unselfish ; the old one was best— the old one was the best.'.' 'What is the use of thinking about it ? says Mrs. Rowland, im patient even fronr'the ^heights of her serene indif- ; ference,:ahd'she moves back impatiently , to the fire again, glad 'to . escape into to-day, once more. ' How cold it is. I Suppose aunt Brandiscombe still locks up the coal? ^No one should leave any thing .unlocked, not even a coal-cellar. It was a shame, wasn't it?' (the widow1 is appealing to her own face in tho glass,: it looks so sympathising that ' she butst out laughing). 'How I cried that night going to bed in the moonlight, and Fanny Brandiscombe ' cried top. I wonder why she' cried ?' I think if any young man ever ; empties the cream-jug_ into my little Kitty's tea; as George Hollis did; into mine, I should expect him to come forward; and not to go away for ever ?without a ? word. I was civil enough when we met at'Florence, and John asked him to dinner. ' ' I think it was to escape from spells of her own fancy, and to, feel lierself safe in com-, mohplace a«ain, that ; this modern Melusina' rang the bell violently, pulling at a great limp worsted-work arm- with a huge brazen hand. ' Will you bring me some tea, if you please?' says Mrs. Rowland to, a butler, who appeared in answer to the pull,, and whose calm clerical ap pearance dispersed the ghosts that had been dis ?nortinff themselves. The butler looks mizzled.' 'Mrs. Brandiscombe will be in to tea at five o'clock,' he says, doubtfully. ^'She has given orders to get everything ready by five, but, of course — -—' '.Oh, very well,' says Mrs. Rowland, ' I'll wait. Is there anybody staying in the house ?'? 'The Archdeacon and Mrs. Debenham are staying till to-morrow, and Miss Ireton remains, I believe,' says tiiebutler. 'Mr. Hollis is just gone— his luggage is to follow him to the Mount — Mr. Franks left yesterday. ' 'It is very cold,' says Mrs. Rowland, with a little start and a shiver ; ' could you put a log on the fire, and— and bring me a paper, if you please ?' 'To-day's papers are only just come,'' says the butler, respectfully; 'and Mrs. Brandiscombe always likes to open thorn- herself.' ? Any other time Caroline Rowland would have laughed out right .at the old well-remembered cranks, that had lasted out1 so- many better things ;. but to-day all this thinking and remembering have sobered her usual bright spirits ;. a sort of uneasy doubt has taken hold of .her ; a sort of selfre proach that had been waiting for her for years ; lurking pationtly in wait in that dim; corner yon der, 'while other feelings and events came and passed, and time and place shifted, and sorrows changed, and melted into peace: what had she done ? Could she forgive herself now ? Not quite. Going back into that old corner, it had seemed to her as if her old conscience had laid hands on her— At last I hold you— at. last? why did you try to , escape from mo? What - have you been about ? ? ? , Why had you so little patience ? Why did you 'flirt with tjoor John when you loved George Hollis ? was -ihat why he was angry? A thought of what might lave been— of a union of .true hearts, a vision h far different from what its reality had been— denied to pass before hor. ? ' Forgive me, dear fohn,' she was saying in her heart all the time. |.nd perhaps she loved her husband most at this ijery instant, when she told herself how little she iad loved him. Caroline was a woman who, if |eed be, could put her conscience into another person's keeping ; and an John's lifetime ho had v|een purse-bearer and conscience-keeper for them' joth ; and she had but to look nice, 'and keep tfitHin hnr allowance. n,nd atton'r? to hfir p.hildrfin liid nurse him when ho had the gout, and never iink of the past — that, you know, would have )-een wrong for a married woman ; but for- a i^idow — for a widow it was very silly. j It was odd and unexpected and uncomfortable ^together, and that',odd chance mention of a iame had chilled her ; and if shehad known she i^as going to feel like this, nothing would have 1 induced her to come ; but soon the widow calmed ibwn, and the fire burnt warm', and she pullod ier knitting from her pocket, and in putting the ? little . loops together on the needle she found dis ?i;aotion, - .|... ,;.,.. ?;? - .«?:. .- ,':?, .,' ^Meanwhile a grey December. day is mistily (^reading ovor the great bare plain in front of tho lpuso, across whichMrs. Brandiscombo's fat horses t;ot daily. . . It is all sandy and furze-grown, with ipols glqaming black and white, and dull green , rtickly thingagrowing. The roads travelling aoross tieplain go flounder ingfrom -white sand into yellow ?l^ud. Here and there in tho mist, some stunted iJato-tilosi house is standing. It may bo warm '^thinand dryamllight ; fromwithoutthosolonoly ijndmente look like little coffins lying unburiod. ?Jho clouds are hanging over the plain ; towards iiQ sea they seem to break, and some of their j j misty veils are parting and swinging on a low gusty wind. Two figures are trudging along the road— two people; tired of sitting at hbme^ who have come put to refresh themselves with 'clouds and. stormy shadows^ and rain-gusts,1 and' dead I furze.' One of these people— the'; Archdeacon j who ' married Fanny ' Brandiscombe-^ walks '^re- gularly for a constitutional ; ho has an qbjectipn to getting 'over stout. ' His companion', Miss Janet of the red petticoatj is the daughter of a less prosperous parson than himself, who married the Archdeacon s sister twenty years before. As the girl walks along her quick ? feet almost pass the heavy- -aitered steps ; . all the damp grey fogi and1 mist_ seem turhingto' roses on her cheeks'; she has high arched eyebrows, stiff haii'j circling grey -eyes. Far off in the distance comes a' third person pursuing them :.. the gentleman ' in the countrv saitera. who is trvincr tn mpot . t,liAm a+.tJiA croas-roads. : He had; come out oppressed' hy a sort of day-mare of ' chairs :and tables ; and by the exhausted atmosphere of human sameness pent up for ^yenty-f our hours in Mi-s. Brandiscombe's country-house, and by the thought of.a: meeting that seemed to him very ill- timed,' and for which he did not feel, prepared: jusfcat, that special mo ment. Hisis a consciousness with a strain in it, ' an impetuous, and yet self -doubtful nature. ? No one- wuuui nave suspeciea ltj seeing tiietaii erect figure, the firm striding step. ? For my own part, I : believe that straintobe the saving of an over bearing character. Hollis was not quite- true to himself ? or to his own theories— sceptical as he was by way of being, self-interested as he lan- nounced himself, hasty in conclusirinVas he was ;' this mental reservation seemed to be a chink in the wall through which the light might penetrate.1 The little rift may be'for good as well as for bad. ' Mr. Hollis, seeing a red dab of color and a black ; dab through the mist, hurried along as quickly as' he could,- with his faults and' virtues, crossing stones and ruts and rucks on his way,1 and vaulting' over a stile; andhe soon approached the pair, who' were proceeding together apparently, but in reality : straggling off to very distant cities and thorough laicB, uuu t/aiiiiug iu; uu,cn- ococr in two amerent languages that neither- could understand. ?.-?'??: ' \ ''???- 'I am yerysprr^, Janet,' the Archdeaconwas saying,- with his nose upin the' air (it -was1 not unlike his niece's); 'You do not suppose that I have: not weighed it well over in. my mind. It gives m_e: the greatest concern ;to. refuse you; ^^ and, I ? heartily hope that no other vacancy ?will1 ever fall to_my gift. Your father,: ?? with all his good nnn.lif.iA«^is nnf. +.lih rrirvn -fnv -f-liic; n« a- ' t Tm hvn would be a general outcry-; he would be the last, person to wish me to act against my convictions.' The Archdeacon stepped out briskly, but his com-; panion kept woll up ? with' him. i ' He would,' she was saying ; 'he never /thinks of :: himself. ';' But you know how good he is j uncle John, and your own convictions can't be changed by- an out cry.' ? ? ? ? And truth i3 truth-, and if 1 werean arch deacon- and you : were ? papa, I- wouldn't mind ?what, a* few hateful; stupid,- narrowminded, (people said,' criedthe girl; more and more ex cited. ' '1 am verv sorrv. mv .dear, but it ia mv duty,' began her uncle. ' Ohy 'uncle John, are you quite sure it isyour duty,' implored the girl, eagerly- 'andnotthat you are afraid? God gives one one's relations— — — ' ??'? ' And'acohscience too,' cried the Archdeacon, with a stride, angrily, 'though you seem to ? have none. ' Enough of this^ Janet. You can reserve your- persuasions', for Hollis'; he is not a churchman, and may con sult his inclinations. Ask him, ;i:Holmsdale is in: his cift.' '?-?'!? '?. -: :';?:? .?'-??' ?-.. ?:-:;l^:, -!i. ; -??', Janet blushed up, a deep red furious blush, and jumped, with a bitter pain suddenly1 in her hearti right away from her uncle's side, across a great pool that was lying reflecting the:' cloud heaps. How desolate it all ? was : some smoke was drifting from1 a distant factory chimney; some figure far ahead was crossing ? the ; furze ;, some distant cock was crowing a melancholy crow ; ? and the wind came fluttering against her' face, and tears started from her eyes. 'There' are, not two rights,' she was thinking;1 indignantly'. ' Uncle John thinks that people get on- best, in both worlds at once. They don't, they don't, and he doesn't love his neighbor as himself, and he ? 1.JJ. 1__1__ ? ._ T, ? !l ' ,TT ? .-» ougnt 10 ueip iiapa. i Know it. fiow can ne ex pect me to ask Mr; Hollis for his living. I can't,. I won't— now of all times. Oh, how unhappy I am! Oh, how foolish I have been ! Perhaps I shall forget about it all when I get home to . my. poor papa.' Oh, how disappointed they -will be.' The grey eyes were still filling 'with tears, but the tears did her good- as she nibbed them away with her gauntleted fingers ; she felt a hard fulping sensation in her throat, but she choked it own somehow as she hurriod oh. « with a curioiis amount of courage in her composi tion. She was very young. , She was not afraid of /pain. She would inflict it upon herself with a remorseless determination. She was oddly defiant and mistrustful for her ago, for she was very young— only . eighteen, and young for eighteen. She looked upon herself as an experi mont. Wo most us of have a vague idea of some character that we enact almost unconsciously: some of us look upon ourselves in the. light of conclusions (this was the_ Archdeacon), others of tragedies, others of precepts. Tliere are no end to the disguises and emblems of human nature. i nave a inena \yno.is a pai'ometer, anouier a pair of slippers, another a sonata. I know a teapot, (f em. ), velocipedesof both genders, a har lequin, and a ' complete set of fire-irons. Mrs. Rowland misht be looked up an as a soft -hearth- rug comfortably spread out in tho warmth of tho( blaze. ? Meanwhile the ' experiment is hopping about in the bog, with stiff elfin locks blown by the' winds, and grey eyes fixed.' 'Janet, come back into the pathway,' says the Archdeacon, 'and don't be foolish.' Janet, who is used to obey, and who had.spent a great part of her life under her uncle's orders, comes back, but she can't walk with him— she is too indignant for that— so she passes 'on* in front, going on mean while with her self- experimentalising. While the Archdeacon, not sorry to lay liold of a grievancq, continues, ' Yes, in my- days young women did not set so little store by the advice of their superiors.' ('Uncles' did not sound well). ' You think there is something specially heroic in loaving at a time when your prospects may be materially affected — I am obliged to speak plainly — in leaving when your influonce may be most important. Janet, I will not have1 you look at me. like that. I think it is an act of headstrong self will^', '?- '? ?'?-.' ; ' Unclq John !' cried Janet, indignant. She was not afraid of pain, as I have said, and this was about the limit. She had a sort of curiosity She had. .been well drilled in a school of repression and patience. ' Her mother was a whole course.' of such an education ; her father's conscientious zigzags were another lesson in tho art; to say nothing of money troubles without end, affairs going wrong, tempers going wrong, small store ,of sympathy at homo, and now— now it seemed to her that her own troubles wore in addition to all that had gone on before. Whatever it all meant, Janet was determined not to yield weakly and meekly. What did she care for being unhappy ? Sho couldbear it as others ' had donobefore her. Butshe did care for this, that she should not loso one atom of tho honest solf-respect which was her own as yet— tho , self -respect that was her right, her inheritance. Why should sho put herself in a placo to forfeit all of this ? Sho was not pretty, thought Janet of the circling grey eyes,, rings of grey and black under straight dark brows that were knit. ? A day or two ago — woll, a day or two ago, she had been foolish and vain, and when her uncle, in his pompous, bungling way, said something about the reason why Mr. Hollis was staying on, sho had only laughed in a delightful consciousness of power ; but to-day she had heard a little word from Mr. Hollis; himself 'that had first, opened her eyes and disabused her— a little impatient word about hating the place and having no reason to like it :' and as he spoke her experi mcnts.upon herself bad begun that instant. , The resolute. Janet = gave ; herself not one; moment's thought, she shut the shutters as it were/ pulled down the curtains, shut out the early dawn in her heart,' triedtp forget, what growing sunlight gleajn she had seen for an instant with dazzled eyes.! .';/.'.'. , ,;: '.'.\\..''-' ,' '?'?' '. ' , ;.'.*.. ; , The Archdeacon, as he followed her, was also , in' no very pleasant state of mind. He was pick ing his way mentally as well as actually : on every .side vere.podjs .and , stones, and dangerous 'splashes. ,, He. was a kind-hearted man, and greatly, troubled,! although he would riot own it .to himself, a.nd' he clung to his conscience, which happened to be keeping to a moral sidepath out cof .the mud.; He knevv, that, for years his sister —poor Isabella, Janet's ;m6ther— had been look ing forward tpthis living to make up to her, for all her long ^roubles : and anxieties. It was to make arid places fertile ; to feed, clothe, teach the children, ? to steady ,the \ wavering faith of her UUuUKUU j | \i\J AmiIUV viiuui , ? ^*-J~r nvm vuu %tup vuu into which. , .'their little home had been sinking, . over-weiglited , ; as it was with anxieties, iU-Jhumors, , arid children arid debt. Once the Archdeacon,, himself had looked forward to ; this , deliverance for them all, and his favorite^ Janet i in particular ; but now-, in these' troubled and dangerous tiriies, to set a, man like Tom Ireton— who never kneyr hia own mind, ,and' was converted by every ranter he came across —to set such; a man1 as that to stem the danger ous curi-'ent 'that had lately set in, at Chawhamp ton, it was imppssipie ; tne wnpie. counwy wouia cry put agairist.it. ' Opinion didn't, matter at Merton-!e-Mere: (this wa,s the name of Janet's horiie) ; the cpuntry; louts had no opinions beyond their cider and their pitchforks. Tom might preachVhimself, black in the face, and they would be none the1 wiser. But' at Chawhampton— it was impossible.. The Archdeacon had a copy of the letter in his pocket in' which he offered the living to Dr. PhiUips— a man of his own mind, liberal, decided, with clear views of the future, as well1 as of the present ; a man like himself, fully awake to the, importance of checking the dangerous ad vance, of the tide. 'Tom writes that he has al ways, spoken his mind, that he does not know . what is comins. that he looks unon chamze as one ofthe fundamental laws of the universe; A.cler gyriian has no business to look for change,' the Archdeacon concludes ; ' and if he does he should not say'sd ; if he. says so he cannot possibly ex pept that I. should, give him, my living. And this tiresome girl is as headstrong as her father.' , And so they walked on , for a minute or, two, splashing through a slough of despond, ,|far away from Coombe Cdipmon. 'It won t matter much being a little more orless unhappy,' was Janet's coriclii3ion. ,, 'I shan't mind very much. I don't mind things as other people, do,' and. the girl, turned away from the aim ost irresistible visions that ??'? ????.?? ? -'? ?' .i1'1, i - i ? i i ' '* »??? seemea to pierce even tnrpugn snutters ana curtains. 'Goj, go, go;; such things are not for me.. Via. not a bit ashamed,' thinks Janet. ,' There is no particular merit] in being happy, and success ful. It's not for mo, that is .all. ,,It is women like.Mrs.; Rowland who are made to , be happy.1 Ah, how happy they must be. ' ? And Janet felt that though she might not look at it, that a dawn was there, for. some— for those who were outside in the;briglit open, watching from their vineyards arid illumined by the golden beams. , , , -; i , ? ,, ? ?',, (To be. continued J . . 