LATES NEWS. VIA California, ira (S. Herald) hare K^ateru States Neva to the 15th December-serada dall later than that brought by tho " Voyager Kerr York, December 10.-Th« largest onbT* most brilliant assemblage erer gathered in the Academy of Music «as drawn this erening to hear a lecture by Père Hyacinthe. Brsry seat was occupied, and hundreds were compelled to stand. After a short reference to the occasion of his riäit to this country, he proceeded with his lecture. He did not speak directly of his relations towards the Church of Borne, but in favour of the idea of an unsectarian Church, and reconciling religious and liberal ideas. Père Hyacinthe concluded his address last night as follows:-"In modern Society eelibaoy exists for the sake of good s but these exceptions, if you maxs the rule, ere against God and against nature. Celibacy is cowardice if it does not glorify marriage. The Apostles hare said marriage is honourable, marriage is spotless before God and men. The I great object in view is the reconciliation of heaven and earth-of the present life with tho j future. Io secure union on earth-union in the city, in the cation, in humanity-was the thou »Ht of'Jesus Ohrist. The foundation of your people is the Bible-a book that speaks of God, the living word of Jesus Ohrist. In the admirable manifesto from your President there shines through his words a Christian faith. A belief in Jesus is at the root of this nation. May Jesus Christ protect your country and develop old Europe, preparing amid strife for the unity of religious and material prosperity. When I return I shall tell Europe I have found here liberty associated with Christianity, and that I hare been among a people wbo do not think that to be free they must be separated from God. New York, Deoomber IO.-The Herald prints a letter from Edward Tulsge, one of the apostles of Mormon reform, and a leader in the schism in the Mormon Church, on the causes of the pending trouble among the Salt Lake saints. He says the people jiave Jbasa reduced to temporal bondage by the. power of Brigham Young. The spirituality of Mormonism has died out of the Church, and the reformers pro- pose to revive these spiritusl doctrines. The war is against Brigham Young's policy, but not against himself. John ©'Mahoney, a Fenian, bas sppliod to tho Court for 5000 dollars of the Fenian Fund held by Belmont, to be n ed in carrying on the war against Bnglaod. A decision is reserved. New York, December 12.-Largs crowds were attracted to the Delameter Works yester- day by a report that some of the Spanish gun- boats were about to leave there. They are not quite ready, but work ¡B progressing with great rapidity. Eighteen vessels will proceed to Cuba in a short time. Senor Roberts, Spanish Minister, arrived from Washington yesterday, and the gun- boats were formally turned over by bita to our Government authorities. Those will take clearance for Cuba cn Tuesday. A large quantity of arms were shipped yester- day from the Fenian head- qaarters. Paris, December 10.-The Corps Législatif had another stormy session to-day. An oppo- sition deputy demanded the impeach ment of M. Forcarde, Minister of the Interior. Scenes of confusion followed, such os have never bees before witnessed in the Chamber, and the sitting waa adjourned amid great exi- rtemeat. The prosecution of the Rapped was caused by a libellous article written by Hugo. It was determined in the conri-tieu of Hugo. He has been sentenced to a fine of 1000 francs, with four months' imprisonment, and the pub Ushers of the journal to 1000 francs fine and two months' imprisonment. Chicago, December 10.-The Herald"* special from Leudan telegraphs from the continent the report -that at the opening of tbs session of the Anti-Papal Congress at "Naples, yesterday, there were present 600 Italian delegates and twenty members from other paris of the world. The inauguration address was delivered by President Bicciardi. Letters of apology for non-atten- dance were read from Victor Hugo, Garibaldi, and other distinguished persons and lenders of tho radical reform party. These oommanics tions were received with great enthusiasm, which endured to the CIOBO of the proceedings. Borne, December 10.-Tho Pope delivered an Allocution before the assembled Bishops. He expressed his satisfaction at being able to open the Council on the day which had been fixed, and st finding the Bishops had come in «nah numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by tho Holy Spirit. Faith in human schemes and all impiety was never before as strong as at the present day; for they were well organised, and Lid themselves behind pretended appearances for liberty. [But there was nothing to fear, because tho Ohuroh was stronger eren than Heaven ] But time would remedy present evils. The Holy Father concluded with an invoca- tion to the Holy Ghost; to the Blessed Virgin, and to Saints Peter and Paul. London, Deoember ll.-The * Times' con- demns the Orange Lodges. They answer no end but to perpetuate the idea of two races, one of conquerors, and the other of conquered. Statesmen should disoountenanos them. The 'Spectator,' on American affairs, «sys Grant's programme of peace, retrenchment, reoonstrucion, and honesty must enhance the position of the United States os a nation. His way of paying debts was the last to be quarrelled with. Rome, December ll. - The Ocumenical Council adjourned until after Epiphany. Much opposition is expected on its ce assembling, bot the Pope ia said to be sure of the oo-operation of the American Bishops. London, Deoember IS.-Her Majesty's Ministers hold three Cabinet meetings during the week, to consider the present critical con- dition of public affairs in Ireland, with the state of the island generally. It was resolved to pro- claim the County Tipperary, province of Munster, and county and city of Londonderry, in Ulster, os being in a state of insurrection, es desoribed in a late Act of Parliament, providing therefor, and so empowering them to oat ; that fire thousand additional troops be immediately dispatched to Ireland, raising the total force of the regular army liiere to about thirty thousand men. This is to meet the emer- gency at present on the assembling of Parliament, on the 10th of January a bill will be immediately introduced to em- power the Government to suspend the habeas corpus in Ireland by executive order, not wait- ing for an Act of. the Legislature, when deemed necessary for public safety to do so. The Herald"» special from Naples says that ths Council of Deists, or Anti- Papal Radical Assemblage, which met there on the 9th, turned cut a dead failure. A proposition to favour another Frenoh occupation of Rome, and endorsing te some extent the last, mei-j. with serious opposition in the Assemblage. Dublin, December 14.-A gun-shop in this city was entered last night by unknown parties, and the owner shot. The assassins escaped. Another gun-shop was entered shortly after and the owner fired at, A number of pistols were taken away. THE Wall-street Journal says that Mr. Drake, who put down the first petroleum oil well in America, and who nt one tame was worth £200,000, recently died in tbe poor-house. BAS E-CAUPLI.-A dandy, with a cigar in his mouth, entered a menagerie, when the pro- prietor requested bim to toke the weed from hie mouth, lest he should teach the other monkeys bsd habits. A LIEEKTSS.-A Scotch woman, when on her way to Glasgow, met two young sailors, one of whom abruptly aooosted her-" How are you, good woman P How have you been this long time ?" Looking with surprise at the young man, whom she did not remember to have seen before, abe said, " I canna say I ken you sir,'* -*' Nut know me, old woman, I am the devil's sister's eon." ** Are ye the devil's sister's son ? hech, when I take a better look of you, mon, but you are I ke your uncle I" 