THE NOVEMBER MAGAZINES. , Mr. Matthew Arnold concludes his disquisition on the theology of St. Paul in the Corafti by a comparison of the Apostle to the church dedi cated to him outside of the walls o;f R$me. It is a sumptuous building, but no one visits it except from curiosity. ; So, according to Mr. Arnold, while tlie name, of St. Paul fo treated with the highest respect, the spirit of his teaching is everywhere ignored. /The proposition is sup posed to have been previously demonstrated in the essay, to which we refer our readers. " Our Secret Society " is evidently from the pen which so amusingly sketched the downfall of M. Rouher in the last number. . „It is the story of the " Hexamerion," a patriotic/ association supposed to have been formed shortly- before the coup- d'etat in the interests of the then moribund republic, and is a most lively burlesque through out. " Arcadia " is one of the characteristic series of essays contributed under the signature of " A Cynic." The writer weighs London life in the balance against rural retirement, and finds both wan tin cr. TWV mmufam UVULVVUIJ to the British Legation in Japan, has had the advantage of actually witnessing the performance of the ceremony of "hara-kiri," or self-disem- bowelment, by. a Japanese nobleman. His ac count of it will be read with interest. " The Defenders of our North-West Indian Frontier" is a description of the native troops who, under the guidance of British officers, constitute what Sir W. Mansfield called " the steel head of the lance which defends India." " Against Time " is chiefly engrossed with that well-worn topic of novelists, a funeral, followed by the reading of an unsatisfrctoiy will. It is very cleverly done. Macmillan is rather too solid ; but the articles in general possess much irierit. The most im mediately interesting is a very thorough account . of the Suez Canal, by Mr. F. A. Eaton, who has made a careful inspection of the entire work, and writes principally from the engineering point of view. The ingenuity by which the immense difficulties of the task have been overcome justifies the enthusiasm with which it in spires him, but may possibly have led him to take too sanguine a view of the commer cial prospects of the undertaking. He makes two admissions of considerable importance, that the harbour at port Said will require constant dredg ing to keep it open, and that the channel of the canal will need to he straightened in two places before it can be safely used by large steamers.: sailing-vessels will probably always be deterred by the perilous navigation of the Red Sea. Mr. . Latham's paper on the " Maison Paternelle" at Mettray is a curious chapter in French education. The domicile in question is simply a prison where unmanageable boys are secluded until they be come amenable to discipline. Such an institution could exist in no country where public education was not founded on the principles of fear and constraint. A review of Mr. Gladstone's " Ju- ventus Mundi" is most favourably distinguished by subtlety, precision, and good sense. The first part of a series of papers on " Lambeth and the Archbishops," by the Lambeth Librarian, promises well. The gravity of these and other articles is in some measure relieved by the two stories, and by some very pretty lines of Mr. F. W. Myers, entitled " Simmenthal." "The Present State of Religious Controversy,' in Frasert is remarkable for plain speaking, and, perhaps, even more so for its inorduiate length. The initial appended to the article of the " Third Irish Tourist" warns us that we are dealing with an impressionable writer peculiarly susceptible to the picturesque and poetical side of the question, and liable to be carried too for by the impetus of his own rhetorical energy. These reservations made, we may accept the essay as a valuable con tribution to the tenants' side of the controversy, appealing to sympathies which, although they must not be allowed to dominate, must not be left out of account. An essay on ghosts, the illustrations of which are chiefly derived from the Scandinavian mythology, is not only picturesque but philosophical. The writer explains the essential differences between the ancient and modern conception of an apparition ; and points out how, in consequence of the modi fication of sentiment on the subject, mueh of the old language still retained from habit has become conventional and unmeaning. A laboured defence of Lord Byron betrays a very undiscriminating appreciation of his character as a whole, and so far as it is a vindication of Mm from the parti cular charge of which so much has lately been said is entirely superseded by the article in the Quarterly. Blackwood starts two fresh novels — " Earl's Dene" and " John." The latter, apparently by Mrs. Oliphant, is so far pretty and senti mental ; the former, in wMoh we seem to recog nise a hand lately conspicuous in Blackwood, and the seene of wMoh is lend in the French Revolu tion, is full of excitement and interest. More interesting still is an abstract of the Faroese Saga, containing the histoiy of the Faroe Islands in the tenth century. It is one of the works in whioh the grandeur of Icelandic literature is most fiilly displayed. A paper on the movement towards a reform in Judaism is interesting, though deficient in the precise statistical infor mation wMch would hare enabled us to form some estimate of the strength of the reformers. The movement appears to have been generated by the absolute im possibility of literal conformity in the nine teenth century to the cumbrous ceremonialism of the Talmud. While the mass of J ews are content with practical laxity, the reformers boldly sweep the authority of the Talmud away entirely, and take their stand on the law of Moses, wMoh they will hardly find more tenable. A disquisition on the IrishLand Question is so cautiously restrioted to generalities as to be cMefly remarkable for the singular metaphor by Which Lord Harrington is represented as " snuffing a torrent." The Con servative policy will evidently be determined by Mir. Gladstone's. Perhaps we should rather say the policy of the section of the Conservatives re presented by Blackwood, for surely we may look to Lord Derby and Lord Salisbury for something better than unreasoning resistance to the Pre mier's measures merely because they are his. "Scotland in Parliament," violently denounces the proposal to intrust the administrative func tions hitherto discharged by the Lord Advocate fA o Qnnrafaatr /if RlsktA ffti SftAhlATid. TIlA nilAfl tion is further complicated with one of the ad ministration of the Scotch poor law. The Gentleman's Magazine lias its usual quan tum of entertaining residing. ''Will He Escape?" is turning out a very amusing story. The "tale from the old dramatists" of the month is founded on Ben Jonson's " Silent Woman." " A Peep at a Neapolitan Nunnery" is the dfefll remarkable ;fthe:-©tfaerpaiJei»i";->';" . The most article ri lit® DwltnUm- versity is ari interesting eketoh 'of a little-knowu historical, trxnsactio, the uwoa Lithuania under Jagellot " ThCre® condition of sS&a; inPoland, Russia imparts vital interest ed whatmignt Aher- wise have appeared a mere .matter of utiqimriaa research. / There is, extraordinary ti» .state puty fiction in Belgravia thiB, month.. It is, Btera Necessity," ,by the author , of " which appears quite : pp. , a level with the works of this generally successful author. f Mr- Patterson's paper on- the myste011 acccwiyDani- menta of pestilence embodies many stnkmg narrated with a corresponding energy of Ityie. " The Perfect Man" is one of Mr. Salas charac teristic extravaganzas. " Little Ones at L®fl- house," " Curious Recollections," and _ M.y Unlucky Friend" are good fight magazine pip>ers. " Mafor Blake," ia. the Britannia, maiqins its character for ironical humour. Theraqgt re markable paper, however, is, " The Hwfcqpy of Trade Marks." Nothing : can be more eqigyrag timft the liberality .with which this , magazine has opened its pages to the insignia of tnepiost notorious advertising tradesmen, ana.sueuqiiuo trations and explanations of the same ae flight have been indited by these personages thenlves. As anything in the shape of a is evidently out of the question, we can onlyrust that conduct so disinterested may prove" its, own exceeding great reward. ' The Fortnightly Review commences wijh an able but rather querulous essay by Mr. F- Harri son, who propounds the inquiry why. "'ty in terest awakened by the system knownasPosiltviBm is so vastly in excess of any .knowledge of thelwrit- ingsof Comte." W e should say because the system, being merely a phase of the fosMonablri material ism of the day, is acceptable to' many; wlibreas the writings, being dry and abstruse, are repilsive to all but a few determined students. ' The world consequently prefers to get its Comtism at sicond hand. This is a simpler, and we fancy attruer account ofthe matter than Mr. Harrison's, j Mr. Pater's remarks "On Leonardo da Vinci awk very interesting. It is an inevitable misfortune, that they cannot be properly appreciated without re ference to the works commented upon. lLord Amberley bids fair to prove a second Earli Rus sell, after all. He discourses on Mormonism sensibly enough, but in the dry, formal, fopibly- . feeble style so characteristic of his honpured parent. One passage is truly delicious : — j The Governor of the State, Lilbura Boggs, whose , uttuit; ueservcw iu uo uimuejLi uunu w We should think it did ! Similar upinteitfional strokes of humour are to be found scattered over Mr . M'Lennan's paper on the worship of animals and plants, which contains, however, muoh curious information. " The Woman of Business" is as rich as ever in vigour, wit, and shre wetness. We cannot compliment Mr. Swinburne uppn his four sonnets entitled " Intercession," powerful as they are, and better in point of literary execution than anything he has published for a long time. Their subject is the recent illness of the Emperor Napoleon, and tbeir purport ah entreaty that these may be aggravated and prolonged. The revolting bad taste of this needs no comment. It is consolatory to reflect that the Emperor's health is in much less danger from Mr. Swinburne's verses, than Mr. Swinburne's own character for humanity and decency. Except for a highly interesting articlen the German theologian Rothe, the Contemporary Re view is, for the most part, a mass of cilnesB, which may, however, be forgiven for the sake of two brilliant pages. These consist qf twc copies of Latin verse, with English translation, by a member of the Chapter of Canterbury, in which the Dean is . taken to task for his schqgneB of capitular reform. If he erred in these, he»has at least made ample amends by perpetua|ing in his- own review the good-humoured satiijqwMch has. turned the laugh so decidedly againat jto21- The gem of St. FanVs is again fche editor's own story, entitled " Mary GreBley." The kfy-note is not tMs time humour, but pathos. ? "The Three Brothers" is alto an excellent fiction. An cuticle on the political situation in , France dis cusses the subject with a thoroughness jalmost too complete for the conclusion arrived — this being that the issue cannot be foretold, qr even surmised. " Lord Brougham," " In Babyland," and " The November Shooting Stare" aqs good papers of the average calibre. The Broadway depends chiefly on its fictions, the best of which is " Saved the Bank," as telling short story. There are several good talel of the same class in the Argosy , but the number is cMefly interesting on aocount of some letters of Lady Lovelace, Byron's Ada, ad- dressed to Mr. Crow, the eiectrieiatil No objection can be made to their publication, for they only exhibit the scientific eathosiafon, the lofty ideality, and the instinctive justness of per ception of a remarkable woman. Somehow, how ever, they seem to imply that her perseverance was hardly on a par with her intellectual gifts. She is related to have spoken with prideCof her father, wMch anecdote wiU serve to refute one of the many calumnieB to wMcn the sanction of Countess Guiccioli's name has inadvertently been given. . $ We must dismiss, With a general expreision of approval, the Register, London Society, Chambers9 Journal. Good Words. Aunt Judv , Good - Words for l the Young, and CasseWs Magazine A-IUus- traded London New. r \- ' ;> Qttabtbttbs asd Pork Chops.— A honest former was invited to attend a party at a' village squire's one evening, when there was murfc, both vocal and instrumental. The folio wing, morning he met one of the guests, who said, « Welfofarmer) how did you enjoy yourself last night ft Were not the quartettes excellent ?" " Why really sir, I can't say," said he, " for I didn't tote 'em ; but the pork chopB were the finest I ever ato." .Tbaxfiro Ships or Outcast BoyA — The Lbrds of the Admiralty have determinedr on ap- propriating some <£ the laigrat vbssels of war attached to the reserve in the Medway to a better use than rotting out a useless existence in what ia aptiy termed "tten/Row," several ' of the largest of the wooden steamers and other1 vessels of vrar having been selected from the- reserve and fitted up as training ships for the7 outcast boys at the several out-ports. The Mars, f . two-decker, of 2,570 tons, ana of 400 horse-power, hash&d; he engines token out ana the necessary alterations made, and has just been despatched to the Clyde; Where she will m future be employed as a receiving and . 8 P or outcast bora wishing to enter Jl? ,7 a iNaTy or the Mercantile Marine. — Fall 1 Mall Gazette. 