TORN TO PIECES BY WILD „ •'••---••BEASTS. The tfiddletown (Missouri) Banner says :—The little village of Middletown was lately.jthrown into a painful fever of excitement, on the morning of 12th May, by -an awful catastrophe, which occurred to the band lately attached to James Robinson and Co.'s Circus and Aiii nal Show, and led by Professor M. C, Sextoa. The manager had determined to produce something novel in the way of a band chariot, and conceived the idea of mounting the band upon the colossal den of performing Nnmidian lions. Although repeatedly warned by Professor Sexton that he (deemed the cage insecure and dangerous in,the extreme, the managers still persisted in compelling the band to ride upon it.. As the driver endeavored to make a turn in the streets, on the morning of the accident, the leaders became entangled and threw the entire team into confusion, and lie lost control of them, and becoming frightened they broke into a violent run. The forewheel of the cage came iu contact with a.;large rock with such force as to cause the braces and stanchions which supipdrted tlie roof to give way, and thereby precipitating tlie entire band into the awful pit below. For an instant the vast'crowd were paralysed with fear, bi^t for a moment only, and then arose sijiih a shriek of agony as was never hefai-d before. The awful groans of terror atid agony which arose from the poor victims who were being torn and lacerated by the frightful monsters be- -Ibiv, was heartrending and sickening to a terrible degree. Every moment some of the band would leap over the sides of the cage to the ground with a wild spring and faint away upon striking the earth, so great was their terror. ' A hardware store which happened to stand opposite was invaded, and pitchforks, crowbars, and long bars of iron, and in fact, every available weapon was brought into requisition. The side doors of the cage ; were quickly torn from their fastenings, -and then a horrible 6ight was presented to view. Mingled among the brilliant uniforms of the poor unfortunates lay legs and arms torn from their sockets and half devoured, while the savage brutes glared ferociously with their sickly green-coloured eyes upon the crowd. Prof. Charles White arrived at this moment, and orders in regard to extricating . the dead and wounded—he : well, knowing it would be a difficult ; and .dangerous undertaking to remove $iem from the infuriatel monsters. Stationing men with forks and tbiSS.' at every available point, he c«t>rAng - fearlessly into the den jtumd' tbe savage monsters, - and commenced raising the wounded, and passing-them outside to their friends. He soisceededin removing the wounded, and airas proceeding to gather up the remains uo£:the lifeless, when the mammoth lion, Innown to showmen as old Nero, sprang .with a frightful roar upon his keeper, ••fastening his teeth and claws in his neck ; and shoulders, lacerating him in a ; horrible manner. Prof. White made '. three attempts to shake the monster off, ; but without avail, and gave orders to fire upon him. The contents of four of Colt's Navy's were immediately poured into the carcase of the ferocious animal, and he fell dead; and the brave little mail, notwithstanding the fearful manner in which he was wounded never left the cage until every vestage of the dead was carefully gathered together and placed upon a sheet, preparatory for burial. It was found that three of the ten who mounted the cage a short lipie. before were killed outright, and jour others . terribly lacerated. The names of the killed are August Schoer, ,'Gonrad F.reeiz and Charles Greiner. .CpSins;were procured and an immediate burial determined upon, as the bodies yvere eo frightfully torn and lacerated as W'Le unrecognisable by their most iutimate friends. ]AXIVE IN THE DEADHODSE.—The Siif Francisco Alia California gives an accofint of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that cit^,'arid'whose body was immediately removed and placed in the deadhouse attached to the hospital iu which he liai bee:i under treatment:—" The body was deposited in a case, where two other bodies had already been placed, a id between them. Tlie cover was put 0 i, and the , keeper of the deadhou e retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most uueai thly character was heard in the deadhouse. The keeper of the deadhouse was sought after, but being aware of what lie was required to do, he sought concealment, preferriugto let the ghosts fight it out amongst themselves. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the deadhouse and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dca^, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest Gauglit and arrested him in his frantic career, but the next instant the poor German fell on the floor iu a fit. The physician was S3iit for, and restoratives used, by which he was brought to consciousness; we give it as he told it himself—' Veil, von-Igot sick and vas in bed that day, the doctor came to me and saia I vas very sick. He vent avay, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew" nothing more till I voke in de night, and there vas no light. Iputout my band, and I could get nobedclotlies, for I vas cold. I then put hiy hand to yon side to try for the bedclothes, and och, vot you think I got—vy a dead .man. Dere he vos, cold enough, sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I pat my hand on another. 'J'hen I roared, and called, and criel out all I conll, and ven I vas getting up, my head struck a board that vas covering inc. * Oh,' said I, 4 vot does this mean, vcrc am I? Am I dead?' And I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover, and jumped about as if I vas mad. And 1 knocked at the door vid my bands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas dead myself. I VJS not sure. I had the dead man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it. he fell down mid fear, and 1 ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven 1 come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here.'" 