ARRIVAL THE MAIL NEWSPAPER Dates to December 31. London Telegrams to January 17. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BONDS. THE TIMES AND MR. DUTTON. EARL GRANVILLE ON THE COLO-<*> NIAL QUESTION. STATE OF IRELAND. ACQUITTAL OF THE OVEREND AND CO. DIRECTORS. THE NEW BISHOP OF EXETER. CONSTITUTIONAL MINISTRY IN FRANCE. THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL AT ROME. SUEZ CANAL. COLONIAL WOOL SALES. SUMMARY OF NEWS. [Compiled specially for this Paper by our London Correspondent 1 The Queen and Court are now at Osborne where, the Christmas was spent. Prince Leopold's health was much im-<*> proved. On the 13th, being the eighth an niversary of the death of the late lamented Prince Consort, Her Majesty the Qaeen and the Royal Family went to the Mausoleum at Frog more. The Prince of Wales came down from London and met the Qaeen and Royal Family there, when the Hon. and Very Rev. Gerald Wellesley, the Dean of Windsor, read portions of Scripture and coma appropriate paayere. Maude Charlotte Mary Victoria are the njunfta given in baptism to the infant daughter of the Prince and Princess of Wales. The Bishop of London offici ated, and the sponsors (by representation) were the King of Sweden, the Oesarevna Dagmar, the Crown Princess of Denmark, Prince Leopold, the Duchess of Nassau, the Landgrave of Hesse, the Princess of Leiningen, the Duchess of Inverness, &c; The Prince and Princess of Wales are on a visit to the Earl of Leicester, in Norfolk. There is talk of the probable retirement of the Duke of Cambridge from the com mand in chief in the event of the proposed amalgamation of the Horse Guards and the War Office being carried into effect. The Queen has sent twenty brace of pheasants to each of the chisf London hospitals. It is stated that Prince Arthur is charming all hearts in Canada, not so much by his manner, as by his intense devotion to work. He is pursuing vigorously his military studies, and " works as hard as ever," notwith standing that the winter has set in with extraordinary severity. At a recent Council held at Windsor Lord Stratford de Redcliffe and Earl de Grey and Bipon were invested with Garters, vacant through the death of the Marquis of Westminster and Earl Derby. The Bishop of Winchester was invested with the badge of the Prelate of the Order. Alderman and Sheriff Caus ton and Sheriff Valentine received the honor of knighthood. Many Cabinet Councils have been held this month—the last on Friday week. Mr. Gladstone was unable to be present at Friday's meeting owing to a severe cold. The Premier, who is much better, has joined his family at Hawarden Castle, Flintshire, and the Lord Chancellor and Mr. Childers are the only Ministers in town. Mr. Gladstone completed his sixtieth birthday on Tuesday, and Mr. Disraeli is 64 to-day. John Stephen Hampton, Esq., late Governor of Western Australia, died at St. Leonards-on-Sea on the Ist imt. Parliament is summoned to meet on the Bth of February, which is about the usual period. Thus the question of an extraordinary session is set at rest. The new Earl of Derby has been spend ing a few days with Mr. Disraeli at Hughenden Manor. Mr. Bright has appointed Mr. E. Stanley Jones, son of the late Mr. Ernest Jones, to a temporary clerkship in the Register-General of Seamen's Office. Scotland has just lost her premier Earl, by the death of Lord Crawford, who sat in the House of Lords as Baron Wigan. The Archbishop of Canterbury is stated to be gaining strength daily. His me dical attendants are satisfied that the progress towards recovery should be gra- The death is announced of Mr. Thomas Creswick, the Royal Academician, in his 68th year. Her Majesty's ship Monarch, with her consort the United States ship Plymouth, left Portsmouth on the morning of the 21st with the body of the kite Mr. Pea body. The Pope has conferred the Grand Cross of Pins IX. upon Lord Petre and the Earl of Denbigh. The Government have, consented to the request of the Archbishop of Canterbury for the appointment of -a suffragan. The " confirmation" of J>r. Temple as Bishop of Exeter took place at Bow \ Church, London, on the Bth. The oppo- j nents of die prelate-elect put in their threatened appearance, but the Vicar-^ General dismissed their arguments as in valid, and confirmed Dr. Temple without hesitation. On the 21st the new Bishop, with two other new prelates, was conse crated in Westminster Abbey. Several Bishops had sent in protests against the act. On Wednesday, Dr. Temple was en throned in Exeter Cathedral. Nearly 39 years had passed since a similar ceremo nial was witnessed in the city, and this, after the controversy which the Right Rev. Prelate's appointment has caused, attracted large numbers from the sur rounding villages into Exeter. The Bishop was met at the East gate of the city by the Mayor and Corporation, the Magistrates, the Sheriffoof Devon and Cornwall, the Mayor of the boroughs in the diocese, and the representatives o the friendly societies. The procession was afterwards joined by the Dean and Chapter. At the conclusion of the cere mony of installation Dr. Temple preached in the Cathedral to an immense congrega tion. The death of the Bishop of Manchester places the seventh episcopal mitre at the disposal of Mr. Gladstone, his previous appointments having been to the sees of Winchester, Oxford, Exeter, Bath and Wells, Salisbury, and Carlisle. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council gave judgment in the Mackono chie case on Saturday. According to the judgment of the Lord Chancellor—him self a High Churchman—the conduct of the reverend defendant had been any thing but creditable. He was ordered last year not to elevate the paten-and chalice above his head. He has since elevated them to the level of his head. He was ordered not to burn candles on die Communion Tables during the cele bration. He now keeps the candles lighted until the celebration, when he puts them out; but be has a large num ber of other lights burning all die time in front of and about the Communion Table. Lastly, he was ordered not to kneel down before the consecrated bread and wine. He now, according to his own statement, " reverently beads one knee. whkti-may occasionally touch the ground." The Court decided that, whatever might be thought of the two first evasions, Mr. Mackonochie had literally fulfilled the law, and nothing could be done. But with regaria^to the kneeling, it was ad judged that .he bad not complied with the monition, and that he must be again admonished and bear the costs of the proceedings. The split in the Irish Church is gradually .widening. The laity insist upon having a majority of votes in the new governing body 4 while the Bishops are equally obstinate in declaring that they will sit as a separate order, with the power of vetoing the proceedings of the Lower House. The laity urge that the policy of the Bishops would give the priesthood unlimited power. The Bishops, on the other hand, state that they will take no further part in the Convention till their claims are recognised. To two deputations which recently waited on him to urge upon the Government the advisability of introducing a Bill into Parliament for the removal of University tests, Mr. Gladstone replied that there were three points on which he was agreed with the memorialists: First, that the time had arrived when this question ought to be settled by some legislative enactment; second, that it should be by a compulsory and not by a permissive measure; and third, that it should be made a Government measure. He could not, however, give any specific promise at present that the Government would introduce a Bill next session. On the 7th inst., a. meeting of the members and friends of Bloomsbury Chapel was held in the Hanover-square Rooms, to celebrate the twenty-first anni versary of the opening of that chapel. The event of the evening was a presenta tion to the Rev. W. Brock, D.D., of the cum of £1,000, enclosed in a beautifully carved polished oak casket. An elegant conch was presented to Mrs. Brock. The £1,000 was subscribed in sums varying from Is. to £100. On the 14th a huge number of the old and present members of the church and congregation meeting at the King's Weigh-House Chapel, Fish-street-hill assembled at the Cannon-street Hotel, for the purpose of presenting a testimonal to the Rev. T. Binney, on his retirement, after a pastorate of over forty years. Mr. Samuel Morley, M.P., presided, and was supported by Mr. Miall, M.P., the Revs. Dr. Raleigh, Dr. Halley, H. Allon, E. White, J. H. Wilson, Dr. Stoughton, synd many other ministers and gentlemen. A cheque for £1,339 16a. was presented, and suitably acknowledged by Mr. Binney. The Duchess d'Aumale died.at Twick enham on Monday, the 6th, after a long jllnapa, The decease of Her Royal High ness was rather sudden, though from the nature of the disease, this kind of death was not unexpected. The Irish Land Bill of the Govern ment will be based on the Ulster custom. While the Atlietusum declares with much positiveness that the Government will deal with the Education question next session, the National League have laid before the country the draft of their proposed measure. One of its main pro visions is that all National Rate Schools to be established under the new scheme, and existing schools carrying out the principles of a Conscience Clause, are to receive a grant of two-thirds their total expenses from the Consolidated Fund. In the case of National Rate Schools the remaining third will be raised by a local rate. The compulsory clause requites that all children shall attend school from six to fourteen years of age, subject to the provisions of the Factory Acts. In respect to the religious difficulty it is provided that in existing schools under Government inspection religious teaching shall be given at a dis tinct time, and attendance not be com pulsory. In the national rate schools the Board is to be empowered " to permit the reading of the Scriptures in the schools, provided that no child shall be present at such reading, if his parents or guar dians disapprove ; that the time for giving such reading be immediately before the commencement or immediately after the ordinary school bnsiness ; and that it be so fixed that no child be thereby ia effect excluded, directly or indirectly, from the other advantages which the school affords." The Directors of Overend, Gurney, and Co. are, after a trial which has oc cupied nine days, acquitted of the charges of:fraud brought against them. The Lord Chief Justice occupied four hours in his summing up, and the Jury took only a quarter of an honr to consider their, verdict. The Gurneys and their coad jutors have won the victory, but it is a victory dearly bought. The death of " the Welsh fasting girl" has recalled in the most painful manner a controversy which raged with some energy a few months ago. As it will be remembered, much curiosity was aroused by the statement that a girl, 15 or 16 years old, named Sarah Jacobs, had lived for a number of months without nourishment; and great was the resort of people to see the living marvel—consi derable, it was said, was the advantage reaped by the parents of the girl in gra tuities and charges for admission. Atten tion was more especially directed to the affair through the strenuous resistance offered by the parents to a medical man, who, perhaps too zealously, undertook an enquiry into the genuine ness of the girl's abstinence; but from that time little had been heard of the case, until a telegram informed us that the girl died yesterday afternoon, in the presence of four nurses from Guy's HospitaL - She was delirious atihe last, and mads no statement which could throw any light on the mystery. The Jury brought in a verdict of " Manslaughter" against her father. Sir George Grey, late Governor of New Zealand, on Thursday presided over a meeting of the Workmen's Emigration Society Council, at which it was unani mously resolved that a deputation should wait upon Mr. Gladstone, urging the im portance of affording State aid in supple menting the Society's labors. During the recent inspection by the Lords of the Admiralty at Chatham, Mr. Childers went to No. 4 dock, in which theCerberas, 4, armour plated turret ship, is being completed and prepared for the voyage to Australia. This ship was built at Jarrow-on- Tyne for the Victorian Go vernment, and was sent to Chatham to be completed and made fit for the voyage. As built she could not have crossed the ocean, her deck being nearly level with the water; so strong iron bulwarks, about ten feet high, and an upper deck of iron, have been made. When the Cerberus arrives at Melbourne the bul warks and upper deck will be removed. Mr. Childera and his party went on board this interesting vessel and carefully examined her. She will leave for Aus tralia about May next. From all parts of the kingdom accounts showing the severity of the weather have been received. The frost set in on Christ mas Day, since we have had heavy falls of snow and storms in all parts of the country. It is now much milder. A large body of troops have already been sent to Ireland, which were divided by Lord Strathnaim into seven flying columns under picked officers to scour the disaffected districts. This serious step, which has possibly been taken in consequence of special information re ceived by the Government, has allayed all apprehension. In some places the Fenians have entered into combination with the Ribben conspiracy; in others, Orangemen pat the Fenians on the back; while we find titled and wealthy Con servatives, who should at such a time strengthen the hands of the Executive, rubbing their hands with ill-disguised satisfaction at the troubles which are rising around the Government, and at the possibility that Mr. Gladstone's pro posal? for dealing with the land question may be frustrated by popular commo tion. On Christmas Eve then was a fire in a house in Sandwich-street, near the St. Pancras Station, and before assistance could be obtained a mother just confined and four children in an upper storey were burnt to death. On Boxing Day, the 27th, there was an immense crowd awaiting the opening of the doors of the Bristol Theatre Royal to witness the first representation of the pantomime of " Robinson Crusoe." Many of the people had been waiting at the entrance from about 3 o'clock. The theatre is approached by a declivity from the roadway, said to be about 20 feet wide. This avenue was for a long time blocked up by the crowd, which also partly filled the roadway. In the crush a woman whose dress had been trodden on fell, and the obstruction caused Uage numbers <>f others who were pushing in to fall on her, and in the result nearly 40 men, women, aud young people tumbled over one another in a heap, over which those behind still pushed in order to ob tain admission. When the panic was over 23 persons were taken up insensible; 14 of those undermost were found to be quite dead. The Morning Herald to-day gave up the ghost, and to-morrow the Pali Mall Chvxtte comes out as a twopenny morning paper. The election of O'Donovan Rossa will be dealt with by the House of Commons, as no petition has been presented against his return within the time prescribed by the Legislature. Mr. John Martin, the repealer, is to he put forward for Longford County against Mr. Greville Nugent. The nomination is to-day, the polling on Monday. It is not probable that the so-called naturalist will succeed this time. 