EXECUTION OF ARCHIBALD AX ROCKHAMPTON. IF rom the Bulletin.) On the morning of tbe 22nd ultimo the la&t; sentence of the law was carried out on Alexander Archibald, in Rock hampton gaol. About a quarter before 8 the prison bull began to toll, and the mournful procession moved from the condemned cell to the enclosure whore the ncaffild stood. A considerable number ol persons— about 100 —had assem bled to witness the execution. The condemned man walked into the enclosure firmly and calmly, bis eyes wandering over the familiar feces gathered round tbe scaffold. There was a look of resignation on bis features free from any bravado, and hie demeanour throughout was that of one who submitted calmly to his fate, and was prepared to j accept it witn fortitude ana unnsuan resignation, ine JKev. Mr. Carson walked beside the prisoner, reading the funeral service. Behind came the Rev. Mr. Jenkyn and the Rev. Mr. Hartley, and the gaol officials. Archibald was dressed in a dark tweed suit, Crimean shirt, and no necktie or collar, and wo e a' pair of prison shoes. He looked but little worn down by his long confinement and the mental anxiety he must have suffered. He carried a bunch of flowers iu hie right hand. Under the scaffold lay his coffin. Arrived at the foot of the scaffold, tbe concluding prayers of the fuBeral service were recited ; Archibald and the officiating clergyman remaining standing according to the usageof the Presbyterian Church, to which he claimed to belong. Archibald's eyes, during the recital of the service, wandered restlessly over the faces of the crowd, and he seemed to pay bnt little attention to the words of the clergyman. Ihe condemned man then knelt down with the attendant clergy men, and delivered a long extempore prayer. During its delivery, a constant knocking at the outer gate was followed by the measured tread of the Volunteers through the cor rida- of the entrance, and about sixteen members of the force entered the enclosure under the command ot sergeant Herlt-y and drew up at the left-hand side of the scaffold, the orders being give? _ in a loud voice, and the necessary manoeuvres being executed with a seeming indifference to the solemn scene being enacted at the foot of the scaffold — the rattling of arms fulling discordantly on the laBt words of prayer from tbe dyisg man. The spectators were sensibly shocked by this unseemly interruption, and it was felt that when a disagreeable duty had to be gone through, it should not have been left to a subordinate. Hod the command ing officer or one of the lieutenants been present, the Volunteers would have been on the ground in time ; or if they had been late, they would have taken their places without making an ill-timed display of military precision. The police, under the command of sub-inspector Elliott were drawn up on the right of the scaffold. Archibald prayed in a clear, piercing voioe, and all who heard him were sen sibly affected. He said, ' O Lard God! I thank you who have permitted me to live for twenty-eight years— the greater portion of which I have spent in sin and misery, — and I thank Thee that Thou hast given me a few weeks for repentance— to read Thy blessed word, and for thv worship. O Lord, thou hast shown thyself to me a God of help — of strength — and of comfort. 1 care as little for that coffin before me as for my bed. 1 thank thee, O Lord, fer the discharge you have given me ; and I hope that it may strike terror througnout the worldL I have been led blindfolded ( ? pinioned) t» the gallows; O God, look down and pity me. 1 thank Thee for my clearanoe from these dreadful irons this morning ; I give myself up to Thee as a living sacrifice, and pray that I may be made wholly acceptable to Thee. Hear my prayer, O Lord ! God bless my wife and children— direot and protect them ; O God, bless them. I pray for my enemies, if I have any, and for those who may have com mitted peijury and may have given false evidenoe against me, if they did. I ask pardon for them; I do not'Oursa them— any of them— I bless them in my heart ; and I repent deeply for all that I have done, and I trust that they will be as freely forgiven as I forgive them. 0 Lord, I thank Thee I have not an enemy to face ; oh, I hope to see all my old friends and relations in heaven. An out friend of mine was shewn by me the other day a likeness of my Saviour, and in a few minutes I shall see n-y Savour in reality. O God, have mercy en me, for my Saviour Christ's sake. Amen, Amen.' Tfce last amen was dwelt npon with great fervency and apparent feeling. The Bev. Mr. Jenkyn then offered up a brief and earnest prayer. The Rev. Mr. Hartley also offered np a prayer. Archibald having completed his prayer, expressed a desire to place the flowers he held in his hand in his coffin. His request was complied with, and be walked ever from the foot of the drop to tbe further end, under the drop where tbe coffin lay. The lid was lifted by one of the gaol officers, and with his pinioned arms, Archibald placed the flowers where his head was so soon to lie, He appeareJ pleased that his wish in this respect was complied with, and walked back firmly to' the fo.'t of the steps. He mounted then with steady tread, preceded^ by the Rev. Mr. Carson, and attended by the two other minis ters and the gaol officials. As he went up he Baid, ' Thanks be to God I am climbing to Heaven.' On reach ing the platform he was placed beneath the beam by the executioner, and the rope was quickly adjusted round his neck. Before the cap waB drawn over his eyes Archibald advanced to the front rail of the platform and said, ' Dear friends, I wish to say a few kind words to you before my departure from this wicked world. 1 hope my end will be a dreadful warning not only to you who hear me, but to the whole woild. I will say nothing about my trial. I bless my countrymen who found mo guilty, and the Judge also, and bless his soul, and God abide with him, and long may he live to administer justice and mercy. I trust that those wbe have committed wilful peijury against me, if I bey have done so, tbat the Lord will forgive them. 1 have prayed for them late and early, and I want to show you tbat there is a great deal of difference between me and a man who baa aniual courage for to commit a murder. A man who haB aniuial courage would be able to walk up and meet his deom ; but 1 want to show that the Btrength 1 have is got from above — from the Almighty. It was not liow any outward boast that any blackguard might make that I died game; Gud forgive me, and save me frum hHving a boaM being uiadn by any blackguard that 1 died like a man, or died like a cur. I thank God it is beuei than that, and I believe 1 meet my death as a Christian, I trust that you will all meet me in heaven. I am an uneducated man, and in a very painful position. I cannot address you in fine language —only such as 1 have got. I trust what I say will be accepted by the whole of you. 1 trust that all of you, and young men particularly, will keep away from drink, bad company, and race-horses. 1 trust that a few old friends- that I see amongst those around me will give up thoBe things, and may become bet '.or ii.cn. God b|i-r« you all, 1 pray for you all, atd my last word is that Go-i m.iy 'uak-s you better, and tbat when Miur time oemes, youftill die with a smile on fwur lips as I can, I wish yuu a merry Christmas nn t a isjipy new year. I feel that I am going to have tuine with t the Saviour in joy. Farewell ! farewell ! ' The cap was I then drawn over his face, and he wa9 placed beneath the beam. He then said, 'All right, good bye, father,' j ! atldi easing a man named Davis in the crowd, whom he was ' accustomed to call by tbe name of father; aud turning hie head aside, said, ' I want to say good-bye to Mr. Hartley.' | Be then Bhook hands with Mr. Hartley and Mr. Jenkyn. Tbe Bev. Mr. Canon then prayed—' Into Tby merciful hands, O Lord ! we commend the seul of thy servant now about to be severed from the body. Reoeive him. we humbly beseech thee, O God ! into the arms of Thy mercy. Let not hie faith waver, nor his hope fail. Let him die in peace, rent in hope, and rise in glory.' Then taking Archibald by the hand, he said : ' Dear brother, — God, the Father, who hath created thee ; God, tho Son, who hath redeemed thee ; God, the Holy Ghost, who hath infused His grace into thee i —be now and ever more thy defence— assist thee in this tby last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life I Amen ! ' Bis left hand was tightly clenched. After the prayer, he shook hands with Mr. Carson, and stood silent a moment. In a voice full of emotion, he ihen said, ' The Lord have mercy on me ; ' and, addiresBing the crowd, he said, ' let me near yon say one word fer me— let me hear you say ' the Lord have mercy on my poor soul.' ' From ont the crowd there came one unanimous and solemn response, and as the words, ' The Lord have mercy on your eoul,' fell on hie ear, he Baid, in a hopeful voice, ' Thanks be to the Great God — now I die happy.' He then began another prayer — ' Oh ! Let your hearts be in heaven. Oh ! merciful God ! Then who art willing to re ceive- ? ' At this moment the bolt was drawn, and the soul of Alexander Archibald was launched into eternity. He appeared to suffer no pain, death being almost instantaneoue. 