THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND DIOCESAN SYNOD. The following ia the Bishops opening address, which, instead of attempting to condense, we give in full : It gives me pleasure to meet you once more in the northern capital. Although, as a rule, it may be expedient to assemble more frequently in Hobart Town than in Launceston, I felt that the financial position of the church had become so altered since the "Act for the Commutation of State Aid " had come into operation, that it was desirable to give each portion of the diocese an early opportunity for discussing the measures proposed for our future well-being. I am actu- ated by tho faitliful 'wish to give tho fullest effect possible to that system of Synodical action by which the Bishop, in union with the presby- ters and people, carries on the administration of the diocese. Since we last met I have received the resignations of two vory important function- aries, the Chancellor of tho Diocese and its Advocate. I am glad of the opportunity of ex- pressing my deep obligation to Sir V. Fleming, to whoso calm judicial mind I owe much of the comfort which has enabled me to discharge my onerous duties in seasons of difficulty. Happily during the five or six years of my episcopate, there has been no occasion for any more formal exorcise of his functions. My loss, which is also the loss of the whole diocese, will bo greatly lessened by the acceptance of this highest legal office in the church on the part of the late Ad- vocate of the Diocese, who has nover failed to evince the deepest interest in the church's wel- fare. It will be the duty of the Synod to appoint Mr. Dobson's successor as Advocate of the Diocese. During the year I have been afraid lest the sudden resignation of one or more of our aged orinfirmchaplains should leave their parishioners unsupplied with the means of grace. I have deeply felt tho need of some supernumerary agency which would enable me at once to stop a gap, and make some temporary arrangements, or provide a temporary supply until a permanent provision had been made. 'I Jiave requested the Northern Finance Committee to add to their estimates, a grant for this purpose. The evil that I approhended was threatened moro parti- cularly, if not wholly, in the southern arch- deaconry. Two chaplains actually did apply for a retiring pension, and other two were meditating the same step. The incumbent of Broadmarsh has been com- pelled to leave his cure for the benefit of a warmer climate. He has returned unfit to discharge the duties of his office, and has expressed himself willing to sacrifice a consider- able portion of his income to give effect to any Bchciue which I have to prorjose for relief. I havo been engaged in the attempt, but not yet successfully, to effect the union of Broadmarsh and Brighton. The unfortunate accident from a fall from his horse has prevented the Rev. J. H. Smales from discharging his very useful duties at the General Hospital and at the Brick- fields, and I much fear he will never be able to resume them. The stipend allotted to the chaplain of these institutions, added to the con- tributions offered by Mr. Ball and the people of Broadmarsh, will supply a fund for the main- tenance of a missionary curate. I propose to ask the Synod to authorise a grant of a sum not exceeding £100, which may I or may not bo wanted, in whole or in part, for the appointment of such a supernumerary who, when not required elsewhere, may bo at my service or at the service of the Archdeacon of Hobart Town, for missionary excursions else- where. In the Northern Archdeaconry the sudden appearance of a population at Water- house, and the growth of little rural townships between Deloraine and the North West Coast, which havo boen kept destitute of the ministrations of our church, make a similar grant of equal, if not of superior, importance. I feel disposed to recommend the formation of two separate funds, to bo callod the " Mission- ary Fund" and the " Partial Endowment Fund," to which churchmen may be invited to mako special contributions, if tho Synod, on its part, could see the way to adopt some fixed principle of augmenting them. In respect to the latter, the Endowment Fund, I hope that the Synod, composed of the two archdeaconries, may still so far consider its duty to tho church of tho futuro as to set apart a moiety, however small, out of its compar- atively hugo funds, for the benefit of the futuro, when those funds will be greatly reduced. The governing body of the church holds these public revenues in trust for the church, which is not limited to one district, nor yet to one generation. And'whilo wo havo the accidental control over larger resources, in the samo proportion there is a larger number of parishes which aro exempt from tho burden of maintaining their clergy. It Í3 as much their bounden duty, as their manifest self- interest to seize the opportunity of providing for the future, and it is tho equivalent duty of tho Synod to arouse and to encourage, by adopting some fair principle of grants, such parishes to a discharge of this duty to themselves. It is argued, and I admit the full forco of the argument, that wo owe a duty to tho existing clergy who aro al- ready upon our lists ; but we also owo a parallel duty to our children who will follow us, and tho energies of tho Synod will bo wisely devoted to the adjustment of this two fold claim. None will argue that present claims aro sufficient ex- cuses for rejecting now ones that may arise, whonover a parish shall bocomo deprived of the services of a stato-paid chaplain. If so, it be conios a question of pecuniary importance to us to mako those claims less when thoy arise by our having offered encouragements to endowment. It is at least clear that every £100 which we in duc3 parishes, now relieved from any pressure, to contribute to their own endowment, is so much addition to the futuro capital of tho church. Tho two Finance Committees woro in- structed to confer upon the subject during tho recess. Certain propositions enmnuting from the Southern Committee havo failed to meet with tho approval of the northern. Should no gen- eral principio commend itself to the common judgment of the Synod, there can at least be no valid objection to our devoting tho balanco of annual income, after existing claims have been first fully mot. I confess that my own sense of duty goes further. I have, however, already sufficiently expressed the hope, not I fear, likely to be roalisod, that u small moiety, whether of capital or income, would be set apart, as a re- cognition of our debt to the future, trusting to the liborality of churchmen, and to tho power of tho voluntary principio to meet tho engage- ments by which wo aro bound to tho exist- ing clorgy. It has always appeared to nie that, in this groat seed-time of our church, wo havo no right to sacrifice the future to the demands of tho presont. But let not tliis hesitation of tho Synod to grapple with tho practical question draw off the attention of private churchmen from the duty of endowment. Tho Synod may even oncourago such endowment by tho surrender of the right of patronago ; 1 do not say in perpetuity, but during tho lifetime of the benefaotor. The parochial authorities likowiso, whoro there aro state-paid chaplains, lie under some obligation to take advantage of tho present freedom from claim. Hitherto, the spirit of self-reliance may havo been deadened by tito hopo that stato pro- vision was unaltorablo and perpetual. From that dream wo havo awoko, and what is our position in regard to endowments 1 What has been sot asido for a coming dearth in tho days of our comparativo plenty Í In Hobart Town, the endowment fund of St. David's does not excood £100 ; at St. George's, it amounts to £750. There aro nono in any of the remaining three churches of tho city. Now Town and Hamilton havo set admirablo examples ; and I griovo to speak of the loss which each has sus- tained in this respect, of tho Hon. W. Nairn in the ono case, and Dr. Sharland in the other, churchmen widoly rospoctcd, mid greatly im- pressed with a senso of this particular duty. During tho incumboncy of Dr. Ewing, the offer- tory tit Now Town was inado to yield for this purpose £2000, and tho benefit of this foresight is beginning to bo moro and more felt. The fund at Hamilton now oxcoeds £300, and it is receiving a constant increase. Captain Langdon has given an cxenfplary procodont in sotting apart, during his lifetime, a ront-chargo upon his property of £50 a your. The same remark applios to Carrick, which has been endowed by land producing a rental of from £80 to £100. Theso gifts partako of tho nature of a truo sacri- fice. Presented during tho lifetime of the donor, such gifts aro the real gifts to God. When wo dio, our nionoy can scarcoly, in any true sonso, bo called our own. In the samo category bolong tho ondowmont of Prosser's Plains by a farm worth £250 and a dobbnturo of £100 ; of Camp- bell Town, and of Lymington. _ For theso in- stances of self-sacrificing devotion to Christ and to His church, lot us fool grateful to Him who will not forgot ' ' theso works and labor that proceodeth of love," and lot nie commomorate thom as examples, for Barely there is such a thing as infection of good as well as evil. Church- men who have not the means to consecrate land or money may havo zeal to provoko others around them after the example of NewTownor Hamilton. There ore numerous other parishes still relieved from the necessity of contributing to the main- tenance of their clergymen ;who, I hope, maybe provoked to provide for the pastor of tho future, especially if such provision may give them a choice in his election. The valuable report of tho Archdeacon of Hobart Town esti- mates the total amount of endowment in his I archdeaconry at £4,215 ; and I need not say how gratified every well-wisher of the church should bo to see this sum so gradually onlarged as to leave the General Church Fund, which must soon become moro and more diminished, at liberty to meet the really missionary wants of the church. Who can look upon the possible development of the gold fields at Waterhouse, and the consequent extension of population, both towards Fingal in the one direction and George Town in the other, and again the increased numbers employed in our agricultural areas, without feeling how desirable it is to possess a fund, which shall enable the church to occupy its rightful position os a pioneer in the christina army, and not the latest in the march ? If the liberality of churchmen permit it, for their own sakes let our clergy bo maintained as men of education, social position, and refinement. But if not, I believe that within the church will bo found laborers of somo kind, more or less fitted by^education for the work, who look higher for regard, and accept from thoso among whom they minister what shall bo set before them. And this leads me to speak of the mode in which the best interests of the church require that tho clergy should bo maintained. In this matter, as in most, thoro aro two sides. That a clergyman should be, in some measure, dependent upon his people's gifts is no very just ground of complaint, but the system that makes him wholly so is radically unsound, because it exposes hiin to tho temptation of unfaithfulness, to which even tho best men should not be liable. It may entail upon him evils, the least of which will be his ponury, the greatest, his loss of in- dependence. The higher he is educated and the noblor in porsonal character, tho greater will bo the penalty, while the wordly and tho timid will be in peril of cringing to the wealthy, and of forgetting their true character as ambassadors of God. No greater evil can befall a church than a stato in which tho guides of the people, looking round upon their wives and children, are tempted to forget tho apostolic commands " Hold fast the form of sound words," ." Keep that which is committed to thy trust." Woe be to a church when its ministers, whose mission it is to oppose the world, are tempted to court it ; to show no sympathy with the trials and temp- tations of the poor, because they are poor, but to speak smooth things to tho rich, becaute they are rich. But on tho other hand, it is just be- cause the ambassadors of Christ's Church aro compassed with human infirmity that an entire independence of the people may beget a spirit of indifference, or a careless and perfunctory discharge of duty. It seems to mo that the healthiest state is that in wliich the clergyman is removed from the temptation to save his family from poverty by unfaithfulness to his conscience, but depends in some degree upon the personal attachment of his people, as the measure of his zeal and popularity. Tho tyranny of tho clergyman, especially in solitary townships, may be very injurious, but the tyranny of the layman may bo none the loss so. New Cathedral.-I reported at the last session of Synod that the first contract for tho foundation of the now cathedral had been exe- cuted, and that tho second contract for the navo, aisles, and at least a portion of the transepts had been entered into. This portion of the work is very far advanced. Tho aislo walls, piers, and arches are completed in a most faith- ful and satisfactory manner. Thoro is no reason why the cathedral should not bo ready for c on socration at the noxt session of Synod. To secure this very desirable object, undertaken for the glory of God and the consolidation of the Church, it will be necossary that promises of donations shall be faithfully kept, aud that churchmon in the Northern Archdeaconry should recognise their common interest in thoir cathedral church oven as thoy recognise their peculiar share in their Bishop and his ecclesias- tical functions. I hopo if tho consecration can be made to synchronise with tho noxt session of Synod, that as many Northern representatives will be present as are able ; that I further venture to hope, and that meanwhilo they will contribute, as a matter of privilege, somo prac- tical assistance, howovev small, towards the con- summation of an object begun in faith, and in reliance upon the reality and liberality of Tas- manian churchmen. The progress of events has justified my opinion that this decado should be one of churchbuilding. Everystrainwillbomade, in a fow years, upon our l-osources, for tho sus- tentation of our clergy. Whilo still wo enjoy tho maximum of foreign aid, derived from the public funds, I havo boen very anxious, and my efforts have not been without success, to encourage church building. Alongside of tho cathedral church, the mothor of the rest, twolve others havo now sprung up, or are boing projected in the two archdeaconries, sinco my arrival fivo years ago. Of these three, the ono at Patterson's Plains, the one at Ross, and tho ono at Fingal wore opened for Divine service since wo last mot, and a fourth at O'Brien's Bridge is being roofed in. And what is true of theso twelve ehurchos is true of tho cathedral church. If the spirit of apathy had been permitted to dull our enorgios, these several parishes would havo boen left for an indefinito poriod destituto of God's house ; and tho ruins of St. David's Church would justly reproach us, in all generations, for allow- ing the favorable opportunity to pass by. But it is not with the material fabric only that wo aro concomed, alboit God's house should not, whether in diocoso or parish, bo conspicuous for meanness among the buildings around. The cathodral, especially, should bo in its arrange monts adapted to the discharge of the principal functions of tho Bishop, wliethor the ordination of the clergy, or the confirmation of the young. The cathedral should bo tho centro of tho church's life, tho topstono of her parochial organisation, the source of missionary efforts, and the school of sacred loaming. Cathedral Chapter.-Associated with it, should exist tho cathedral chapter, which, undor its Dean, should bo charged with important functions defined by the voico of Synod, and fitted to the wants of a colonial branch of our Reformed Church. In all spiritual causes tho chapter should bo tho natural council of the Bishop. To it he should look for advico in whatever concerns tho best interests of tho whole church of the diocoso. Thore aro, indeed, some functions already defined by tho canons (to which, at loast, the clergy owo allegiance), but there aro necessarily others, which it is with- in the provinco of a Synod to add, demanded by modern wants raid colonial peculiarities. Tho former, tho moro inherent functions of a Cathedral Chapter, the 41st and 35th canons laid down, including the examination, the ordination and the corroctivo disoiplino of tho clergy. Itbolongs to the Chapter not only to bo present at and to aid tho examination of candidates for Holy Orders, and to assistât " tho laying on of hands," but also to act as a salutary chock upon the un- restrained power of tho Bishop, "Theyought to bo," as has been said, "a permanent execu- tive representation of our roformed branch of tho Catholic Church, a standing conunitteo of advisers to lend weight and dignity to examina- tions for orders, and tho fatherly administration of correctional disciplino." Inthosodays, too, in which wo havo discovered that the colonial churchos aro not legally bound by those eoolesias tioal laws that bind the established church at homo, I think such a capitular body may becomo one powerful instrument for socuring unity of doctrino and worship with tho mother church at all events it is in tho cathedral church that tho Bishop, witll his chapter, aro oxpoctod to givo uttoranco to tho groat Catholic truths of tho gospol, and to minister the simple but solomn offices of our church. For this ond an inoxpon sivo but improssivo cathedral is rising in our principal city whoso mission, I pray, will bo to holp us and our children to "stand in tho old paths,"-a faithful witness and handmaid of the sohor devotion of tho English Church. The timo has como, it scorns to mo, for tho formation of such a ohaptor. The Council of Advice has boen hitherto a provisional make- shift. Tho Synod, in its prosont session, ma} perhaps bo ablo to dotormino tho constitution of such a chaptor. Honorary canons (honorary they must bo, in tho absence of any speoial endowment) should bo permanently appointod by tho Bishop, or by tho Bishop and clergy conjointly ; and six lay-ussossors or lay-canons might bo nominatod for throo years, as at pro- sont, by tho Syuod. Tho Inouinbont of St. David's, as head or dean, and the vonorablo tho Archdeacons, should bolong to it ex ofjicio. Christ's Collecie.-Coeval, indood, with the opening of tho now cathedral, will bo, 1 hope, the re-opening of this institution. By the caroful management on the part of Archdeacon lioiboy of the rents of the estate, tho enormous debt was, in 1800, reduced, by a fresh payment of £1,000, to £1,8000 ; and if a similar reduction bo mado this year, only £800 dobt will romain. Various efforts havo boon mado to secure to tho Synod some control over the funds of the Ripon Trust and of Clu-ist's College I doubt whether the Bishop has power to divest himself of the legal estate ; his position as a corporation solo is the great security to tho church. Ho may, however, appoint assessors for administrative purposes ;'and such assessors, it seems to me, should bo nominated from tho representatives of the Synod. Such a Council of Advico as tho capitular body would bo, I shall bo willing to recognise as a link between myself and the Synod, in the administration of theso funds ; re- presenting, as it does in its constitution, the threo olements of which the Synod is itself composod. I certainly slu-ink from exercising a very wide power which resides in myself as visitor, with- out consulting the representativo parliament of tho church, upon questions which shall dotor mino tho future constitution, tho very declara- tion of trust, the timo when and tho placo whore the college shall bo reopened. If such declara- tion of trust shall bind us to look principally to tho education of candidates for holy orders, it will be desirable to associate the college closely with tho cathedral. Under tho eye ofj the Bishop as visitor, within the reach of men com potent to act the part of professors of divinity, sacrod literature, and pastoral theology, with opportunities of laboring amidst a largo popula- tion, and of loaming the best systems of Sunday School management and parochial ministrations among the poor, the cathedral city would appear to be the natural and proper sito. Wliethor other interests will suffer, or claims of a loss special character will como into competition, aro questions that may present difficulties, which make it desirablo that I should be assisted with a standing Council of Advice. Shortening of Church Services.-Advert- ing to other matters of interest :-tho length of the Morning Sorvico has sometimos beon found incompatible with tho proper dischargo of tho duties which fall to the clergymen in our large rural districts. Whenevor the celebration of tho Lord's Supper occurs, the officiating minister is compelled to omit his duties at the Sunday School, or some afternoon sorvico in a moro" distant part of his parish. There is no a priori reason for adhering in all times to the exact form of a sorvico, which originally consisted of two or threo, and for convenience were tlirown into ono. No doubt the true way of remedying tho evil complained of-an evil which is felt much moro in tho colonies than at homo-would be by separating and so abbreviating the services, and thus multiplying tho opportunities of public worship at different hours. But dosirablo as that courso may bo, excopt, perhaps, in our own large towns, it will be almost impracticable. As a rule, in such case, I should prefer tho entire omission of one of tho incorporated services, on any given occasion,{either the litany or the ante communion service to a mutilation of any. On this account, I did nothesitate last year to comply with the request of Synod that a suffrage should be introduced into tho litany as a substitute for tho prayer for the Governor, and I further ox tonded the liberty to substitute a parenthetical clauso in that suffrage in place of " tho prayer for the Parliament," when it is assembled. I conceived also that I had a right, by virtue of my office, to permit, not to prescribe, the omission of the litany, whenever there was a celebration of the Holy Communion. The changes, then, which I have ventured to authorise aro, first, tho substitution of a suffrage in the litany, the omission of the ante- communion servico when over there has beon an early celebration and the omission of tho litany, whenever there is a full communion sorvico, or when- ever the litany shall bo usod at a third, as, for instance, a Catechetical Service. It should be remembered that the sermon in morning prayer is a part of tho communion service, and the introduction of the Lord's Prayer in the pulpit (and strictly, speaking, any prayers) is an unprescribed and modern innovation. When- ever the anto-commuiiion service is omittod, the Prayer for the Chmch Militant, beautiful and all-comprohensivo as it is, should properly bo omitted also. The liberty which I have allowed will be, of course, subject to tho control of a Provincial Synod. No individual clergyman should be guilty of introducing any ' chango upon his own authority. I observo that a notice of motion has boon made upon this and similar subjects. It will bo for tho Synod to determine how far it is expodient at the prosont timo, acting by itsolf and for itsolf, independently not only of tho church at home, but of the sister churches in theso colonies-how far it is justified by tho gravity of the occasion, in making any precipitate change, and this especially while thcro exists any uncertainty as to tho real isola- tion between tho church in tho colonies and tho church established in England, and in the pros- pect of a convention of a Goneral Synod, to which ovory diocese in Australia will bo invited to send representatives. I do not say these things from any wish to prejudge the subjoto of which notice has beon giyen. Much less do I share the opinions of somo mon, who seem to regard all innovations upon the Prayer-book as a conspiracy against the .church. Tho Book of Common Prayer is precious to us as the echo of tho devotions of tho primitive church. It is that "form of sound words" to which, in lator ages, many corruptions were supor-added, and from which, in a still later tige, those .corruptions wore rejected; but unlike the jBiblo, tho Book of Common Prayer can- not surely bo so perfect as to bo neces- sarily suited to every ago alike, and to all outward circumstances of every possiblo i variety. To suggest ¡my chango, whether in the shape of abbreviation, addition, or rc-tirrange lnent, is no sign of disloyalty, so long as no covert inroad is contemplated upon its distinctive teaching. You may havo observed that during the last sossion of Convocation in England, a coinmitteo was appointed to proparo an order of prayer for a third servico. This is, of itsolf, a re- cognition of a now want, and it is a noteworthy sign of the progressive spirit of tho ago that tho English Convocation did not seo fit to restrict tho committee to the contents of tho Prayer-book for its choice of materials. With such prospects opened out to us, I am no hinderet' but a coun- sellor of prudent action. However strong aro the arguments in favor of using our own greater liberty in the colonies for the purpose of adapting the liturgy to ourspecial wants, wo must be caro ful to avoid any precipitate action which might vendor difficult tho "adoption of one uniform usage in the general province of Australia. Any great diversity of practice, founded upon resolu- tions of soparate Diocesan Synods, instead of upon the simple, permission of an individual bishop, might surround the question, when brought boforo a Goneral Synod of the entire province, with practical difficulties. And the samo remark applios in some degree to tho introduction of private hymn-books. General Synod.-And this remark introduces tho question whothor there is any early prospect of such Gonoral Provincial Synod being hold. You will recollect that I entered upon this sub jeat with considorablo fnlnoss in my opening address lost year at Hobart Town. Tho Synod, as I think, wisoly ndoptod a vory gonoral resolu- tion in favor of the scheme. By this stop neither ourselves nor tho Molbourno Church Assembly place any practical obstado in the way of an ourly mooting of representatives in Sydney, for tho pur- pose of framing a constitution, and for defining tho functions of our Synod. Tho Sydney Synod, on the othor hand ontorod, into dotnils and re- ferred those details to the Provincial Synod of Now South Walos. And as that largor Synod is convened only once in throe years, a vory un dosirablo dolay may bo tho consoquonco, You obsorvo that I havo used tho term Provincial Synod of Now South Wales, and I fool that, at this partioular junoturo, when tho moro full organisation of tho English Church in tho colonios must bo discussod, it is important that all tho mombors of our own Synod, .lay and clerical, should avoid the possibility of miscon- ception by a clear understanding of tho tonn. A diocoso, then, as wo well know, is an associa- tion of all the parishes comprised within a given territory. But, whon thoro happon to bo throo or four such dioceses within tho samo colony, thoso dioçosos may bo associated into a special or particular Province. Those provincos will bo contoriuinous with ouch soparato colony. Wo havo no such provinco in Tasmania, because Tasmania has only one dioceso. But again, in order to socuro tho union of tho Church through- out Australia, in doctrino and in disciplino, as woll as for tho ultorior purpose of facilitating such union with tho parent Churoh in England ; these particular provinces in Australia may bo associated in a still largor group, and so form what would bo called a Gonoral Province. As wo havo in Tasmania only ono dioceso, and not 'hroo or four, as in Now South Wales, we aro not concerned with a spooial provinco. But for that very roason our concern is so much the greater with a General Province, in tho dolibora tions of which our representatives would take their part, and from which ovory resolution, beforo it became binding upon us, would havo to bo roforrod to our own diocesan Synod for con- firmation. This, thon, íb tho threefold dis- tinction which I am anxious to mako clear. Thoro is tho diocesan Synod like this, over whoso deliberations tho bishop of tho dioceso presides. Secondly, thoro .is tho special Pro- vincial Synod as in Now South Wales, over which the Metropolitan presides. And thirdly, thero is tho General Provincial Synod, over which any elected bishop, formerly styled Primate, presides. And this question of a General Synod is intimately related to that other question of altering the Liturgy. Hitherto a difficulty has beset us arising from our sup- posed legal identity with the Church at home, as distinguished from tho idontity arising from mutual compact. The vory anxiety, on tho part of a fow esteemed churchmen in Tasmania, to tako advantage of such a chango in our relation- ship with tho Church at home, in order to modify our Church services, 13 in itself an illus- tration, to my mind, of the necessity that exists for some controlling influence from without. Tho liberty of tho American Episcopal Church, used on this behalf, is sometimos cited and onviod, but it must bo homo in mind that the American Synods aro under tho control of a General Synod, and it is noteworthy that the progress of tho Episcopal Church in the State of Now York has induced it to take measures for uniting its Diocesos into a particular province, so as to bo a link between tho Diocesan Synods and tho General Convention, as it is called. . - , It will bo avowed by many that the old counsel " quieta non moveré" applies to ourselves. ' ' ' Let us bo contont to govern ourselves, as the Church Constitution Act allows, as a simple dioceso, exercising jurisdiction ovor a voluntary association composed of members of the English Church. Thoro will be timo enough to remedy the evil whon such ovil arrives." ? But * Buch argument will not boar examination. K It is advanced in forgetfulness of tho fact that our very Constitution Act was drawn up at a time when the relation of tho Colonial Church to the mother country was misunderstood, and it waa erroneously assumed that tho ecclesiastical law of England was a part of tho law which settlers carried with them to tho colonies. Tho " Church Constitution Act" was drawn up under the im- pression that tho Queen's lotters patent con- ferred appellate rights to the Metropolitan, and ultimately to tho Archbishop of Canterbury. Among the practical consoquences of this misapprehension, now universally acknowledged, aro these, first, thero is no provision secured for the succession of Bishops ; secondly, thero aro no powers conferred upon any court for tho removal of a Bishop, if such removal woro necessary for tho wolfaro of tho Church. If an avoidance of tho seo should occur, the Crown and the Synod might each claim the right to nominate a successor, and thoro would ariso all the very serious evils of a divided allegiance. Such evils aro to bo provided for, as in the Stato so in tho Church, not when men's minds aro excited by rivalry, but in a time of peace. At present a clergyman, condemned after the pre- scribed modo of trial by tho Bishop for heresy, and deprived, must appeal to tho civil courts of the colony, which in that caso would bo obliged to onquiro into the doctrines and disciplino of the Church of England, inasmuch as the Colonial Church has bound herself to observe them, and from their verdict tho appeal must go to the Queon in Council. Such evils, of not impro- bable occuiTenco, can only bo remedied by tho mothod indicated at tho Conference of tho seven Bishops at Sydney, in November of 1808. I trust, therefore, that wo shall contont oursolvos by a general acquiescence in tho recommenda- tions arrived at in that Conference, and abstain from any resolutions which may have the effect of postponing the mooting of representatives for tho establishment of a Gonoral Synod, which alono can remedy tho defect which I have ex- plained and avoid tho evils which I have fore- shadowed. Again, the limits which defino a Bishop's power over tho liborty of a licensed clergyman, in matters not defined by the Church's standards, must bo laid down by a General Synod. Where the law of tho Church has nols decided the legality or illegality of any given practice, two courses aro open-either tho Bishop has tho authority to determine its legality op desirableness, or elso each incumbent must bp. left to his own discretion.. To secure unity in each dioceso. tho right ralo would seem to bo, that tho discretion of each incumbent shall bo controlled by the judgment of tho diocesan, but to secure unity in the entire Colonial Church, tlw judgment of tho Diocesan needs to bo con- trolled by some higher authority, and where should such authority bo vested except in a Gonoral Synod ? In tho diocese of N.S. Wales tho Chancellor of tho Diooeso laid down tho rule when delivering judgment on the subject of "monuments and decorations of churches," " tho Bishop was at liborty to give effect tq other considerations than those involved in the¡ moro question of logality or illegality of the ornamonts proposed to bo introduced." Tho principio laid down by the learned Chans collor of Sydnoy may bo oorroctly stated, but if so, the oxtont of powor whioh is vested in a Bishop's hands makes it tho moro desirable _ that it should bo affirmed by tho solemn dictum of a General Council. In our own Dioceso a groat anomaly exista Changes may be made in tho furniture aña\ anwigemont of tho church under tho protection, of our local law without a faculty of the Bishop. Such a practico seems to mo opposed to the, inherent rights residing in tho Episcopal office, and certainly to the custom of tho universal Church. An incumbent and his churchwarden^ might introduce, if they wore pnly agreed, ox-. travagances in ritual opposed to tho spirit of our Reformed Churoh, or they might convert the church into tho baldost conventiclo ; and in both cases set tho Bishop at defiance. In England, according to Burke, the olflco of » churchwarden is to observe and to «por* but not to coerce or to control ; and it soöms to ma that sufficient allowance will havo boen mado to adjust that ancient rulo to tho circumstances of tho Colonial Churches if thq nile ran as follows :-" No alteration shall ho made in tho fabric and furniture of tho church without tho written consent of the Bishop, the incumbont, and the churchwarden." "But it la not only to prevent tho possiblo drifting away into isolating cm-rents of docWno or disoiplino that a General Synod is necessary, not only to make rules for tho confirmation and duo con- secration of Bishops, but tho very aspect of the times points out to all thinking minds On desirableness of a moro completo -organization, of the English Church in tho colonies, after the* model of tho primitivo Church. - United, th,e, Churches of Australia may stand tho assault oJP any coming storm of heresy or schism; añ isolated dioceso might yield. Both specula- tions distinguish modern times, as bold assumptions of domination over the liberty of individual churches distinguished the ages post; assumptions that are being renewed, favoured by tho divisions of the Reformed Churches, and tho gradual departures which befall all such divisions, from tue standard of tho " faith once delivered to tho saints." Men will differ as to tho opinion whore tho danger to their faith chiefly lies. Those who permit themselves to see only one source of peril are blind to others which come disguised under specious names. Tho intellect of tho ago is intolerant of old mystery now. Having cast off tho mystery of error, it proceeds to grapple with tho mystery of truth. What cannot be understood by the intellect of men must be yielded to as superstiti- ous. The intolerance of creeds, however apostolic, and of all dogmatic theology ; tho worship of individuality as opposed to all church order or church idea ; tho contempt for tho Sacraments, and the open advocacy of natural religion ; the bold denial of the fact of miracles not as an affront to science, but as a scientific impossibility ; tho consequent rejection of the fundamental doctrine of our Lord's Divinity ; tho alarming spread of positivism and of materialism, and of tho scepticism and the Deism, that are only biding their time ; these are evils which perhaps outweigh tho dangers of Roman Catholicism. With all its unscriptural pretensions, its superstitious and cruel anathe- mas, she did at least hand down, in tho day of her power, tho fundamental doctrines of our blessed Lord's Divinity and Glory. I wish that I could think that there is no peril from the old quarter still, but it is a peril that will come from reaction, a despotism reading upon the misuse of liberty. From tho terrible evils of disunion in tho Church of Christ, which should be the family of tho children of God, for whose visible unity our Lord and eider brother so earnestly prayed, men are apt to yearn even for tho semblance of unity ; and to souls weary with tho distractions of strife and sects, and tossed about with every wind of doc- trine, any promised rest, however, delusive, is welcomed. Many thoughts in this unrest have been lately turned to Rome, some, perhaps, in hope, others in wonder. Many prayers have been put up that tho hierarchy of that Church, which still holds sway over whole nations, may be overruled by tho Spirit of Love to bless, and not to anathematize. Already we hear that no fresh usurpation of our Lord's supremacy need be apprehended, no new development will be applied to that ill-used Scripture, " Thou art Peter and upon this rook will I build my Church. " A rock, indeed, is a beautiful emblem of durability but a most un felicitous one of supremacy. We pray and should pray for unity, even as our Lord did, as a high and most inestimable blessing. United the Church of Christ could concentrate her forces ,"rjírrV' J^* ' - - - . agauu?t t/io Luid'» enemies und economise her resources. United, the strongholds of unbelief, and lust, and sin would fall But if the great council lately assembled at Rome-I call it not OEcumenical, for OEeumenical means world-wide, and tho Creek and Anglican branches of Christ's Church, to say nothing of other communions, arc not represented there. If tHat great Coun- cil is anxious to facilitate so great an object as tho re-union of Christendom, she must remove those scandals and those difficulties which ren- dered the Reformation a necessity. By bold as- sumptions she may still beguile the minds of the simple, but every true and enlightened Churchman will take his stand upon this ground. The "reply of the Anglican Church to the Bishop of Rome is simple and intelligible. "If you will, at this Council, return to your old position recognised in the early days, we will admit your Patriarchal dignity. We demand that you sluiU distinctly declare the true character of these decretals, on which your assumption of authori- ty rests, and the genuineness of which is now denied by the most learned of your own com mullion. Pronounce the independence of other churches. By all that is truly Catholic with- draw your Bishops from English territory, cancel your uncatholic anathemas, and then you will liave removed the very obstacle which makes an (Ecumenical Council impossible. After that summon one if you will, to judge those doctrines of modern growth which you teach, in oder to determine whether they be in accord with Holy Scripture and the primitive creeds.' Do but re-, turn and do your first works, and then we will return to brotherly union, and hi "all general councils concede you a place of precedence, chief among equals. We will welcome a brotherly union when you havo returned to Catholic prac- tice, and the Catholic faith as we have ourselves received it from apostolic days." This you and I may deem, in the present aspect, on Utopian idea, hopeless to pray for, hopeless to realise. ''But with God all things are possible." This át least is ours, earnestly to plead and patiently to work,'avoiding by irritating words and un Christian behaviour, as the manner "of some is, to "widen a breach which cannot be healed until Rome cease to be the Rome we know her now. Why do I mention these things in connexion with the more developed organisation of our own Church ? For this" reason. From usurped authority as well as from corrupt dogmas on the one hand, and from the disintegration of the Protestant Church, the powers of infidelity spring. From these powers, usurped authority, corrupt dogmas, disunion of Christian sects. tho eye of the faithful looks with hope to- wards the more visible union between the Reformed English Church at home, the American Church of the West, and the colo- nial branches of the British Church through- out the world. On this account, whatever tends healthily to develope the organisation of the Church in Australia, controls our Diocesan ac- tion without impairing our liberties, whatever is calculated to keep us in visible union with the Mother Church in England, should be hailed with thankful joy. And once moie let the eye bo turned inwards. In a small community, and in on insular position men's ideas und sympathies are apt to become contracted ; let me, then, once more imploro you to avoid offences and schisms in the narrow in- terests of party j wherever there is permitted the exercise of private judgments, there must be differences, and if differences are not to degene- rate into carnal strife mid bitterness, it follows that there must be toleration within the utmost limits of Christian charity. To the whole Church mid to its constituted authorities, and not tu each individual member, it belongs to lay down the limits within which personal liberty shall have its play. But wherever constitutional law has not interfered with the . exercise of pri- vate judgment, no man must judge his brother, nor set up a tribunal of his own. Whenever the maternal voice of the Church has not spoken, wise mon will adopt tho watchword " Controversy, but not Schism." Controversy not in tile spirit of angry ignorance, but in the spirit of loving truth-keepers. The right to hold and defend our own opinions does not carry with it the right to insult the opinions of others. In the domain of religious thought there are two antagonistic elements, which hi its public expression needs to bo adjusted. Thoy are liberty and authority. Liberty without authority becomes licentiousness, and authority without liberty, despotism ; and there is the same antagonism, and the same need of adjust- ment also between rights and duties. Tho apathy of the Laity and the loss of a zealous part of it to tho church, is attributable partly to tho jealousy of tho clergy in a past age, and partly, perhaps, to the endowments of the church which made their co- operation loss needful. It is contrary to human nature to expect .the Laity to accept duties, when they are excluded from their proper rights, whether in parochial work or parochial endowment ; the Laity cannot be expected to evince zeal and liberality, unless a duo regard be paid to their wishes, and, in some cases, their preju- dices. If we, my roverond brctlu'on, aro negligent, self- seeking, secular, we must expect thin attendance at Church, contempt of the ordinances, slender offerings. On tho other hand, with the lay-element pervading our Synod, our parochial machinery, our boards of patronage, our employment of lay-deacons, tho Church has a right to demand that along with the recog- nition of lay rights, should run in parallel lines the recognition of lay responsibility. The "Church has a claim upon the tithe, unenforced and spontaneous tithe, for its endowment and extension among tho outcast and the heathen, that men of learning and piety, free from anxiety on behalf of their families, may minister among them, while others carry the gospel to the bushman and the miner. Lot us who have devoted ourselves to the work of tho ministry, give full proof of it, and so earn tho respect and love of the people. Let the pastor be among his neighbors, the real parson-that is, the model parson, the adviser, the teacher, the counsellor, tho friend, looked up to alike by tho young and old. Notliing will more effectively command the reverence and co- operation of the Laity than the zeal, tho independence, tho self-de ymg labors of the Chngy. In distant calls to tho bed of tho Bick and dying, let not the Minister of God bo outstripped by tho physician of tho body. Ii wo seek the union of those who have separated themselves, let us manifest our own truo and per- sonal union with Him, whose commission wo believe wo inherit ¡ whose word wo preach ; whose sacraments wo dispense. It is a terrible penalty we incur, if wo allow tho sheep to wander whom wo have promised to fold, to starve whom we have promised to feed ; to porish in ignorance whom wo havo promised to instruct. ' Contend earnestly for tho faith," not willi the zeal of men fighting for party triumph, but in tho spirit of meekness, and in a holy christian life. Preach tho great doctrines of Evangelic truth-the corruption of our nature ; tho atone- ment and oxamplo of our Redeemer ; the sanctifying and comfoi ting powor of the Holy Ghost. Hold fast the form of sound words, and the apostolic constitution of our Episcopal Church, while you love those who love Christ, although thoy see not as you see. Uphold the efficacy of the sacraments and tho church's doctrino respecting thom, neither reducing them into bare signs, nor concealing thom under superstitious guises. Whatever has been com- manded by Christ or his apostles, that call not unessential, howovor unimportant in th0 oyes of men. Nor think that the divisions of om modern Christianity aro unimportant either. Moimi over thom as an obstacle to its progress, and as an offence to God. " Murk them wliich cause divisions and offences contrary to tho doctrine which yo havo learned, and avoid thom." Yearn for and pray for the timo when -families of one neighborhood shall no longor separate one from another, but meeting hi one place, aud owning a common brotherhood, shall with ono mind and ono mouth worship tho Ono Fathor and glorify tho One Redeomer. Lot there bo not so many cold hearts within, mid thon thero may not bo so many wanderers without. Strive to make your Church ser- vices more attractive by every legitimate means ; lest the moro sonsational forms of some religious communities, and the ' more Boleinn offices of the Roman Church rob us of our peoplo, because wo refuse to offer ti sufficient yent to the feelings of the awakoned, or adapt our services to modern wants. Tho advanced Christian may bo beyond tho reach of any such need, but so far as wo con, consistently with the doctrines and discipline of our Reformed Church, -without sacrificing simplicity and soberness of ritual, it is tit least wiso to próvido for the large mass of tho young, tis well ¡is imperfectly edu- cated Christians. And " bo at peace among yourselves." jin these days of danger, walk about Zion and tell tho towers thereof ,und living together in unity, your peace shall bo liko ' ' the dew of Hormon, which fell upon tho lull of Zion, for there the Lord promised His blessing and life for evermore." There remains now for mo simply to oxpress the tarnest hope that our deliberations will now béconducted with tho single aim of promoting the glory of God. (This'Church Assembly will, I doubt not, continue to show the same mutual \ forbearance and brotherly rcipect wliich have hitherto marked its history. Bearing in mind that immortal hoj'i, committed to our care, are being borne into eternity, and that we shall have to give a solemn r-ccount for all wo do here and elsewhere, " Let nothing bo done through Btrife or vain gl'-iry," passion or prejudice, Test this E'eat work of ours suffer damage, wliich our ord hath given us to do. (Applause.) 