EXECUTION OF ARCHIBALD. (Rockhampton Bulletin, December 23.) At 8 o'clock yesterday morning the last sen- tence of the law was carried out on Alexander Archibald, in Rockhampton Gaol. About a quarter before 8, the prison bell began to toll, and the mournful procession moved from the condemned cell to the enclosure where the scaffold stood. A considerable number of per- sons−about 100−had assembled to witness the execution. The condemned man walked into the enclosure firmly and calmly, his eyes wan- dering over the familiar faces gathered round the scaffold. There was a look of resignation on his features free from any bravado, and his de- meanor throughout was that of one who sub- mitted calmly to his fate, and was prepared to accept it with fortitude and Christian resigna- tion. The Rev. Mr. Carson walked beside the prisoner, reading the funeral service. Behind came the Rev. Mr. Jenkyn and the Rev. Mr. Hartley, and the gaol officials. Archibald was dressed in a dark tweed suit, crimean shirt, and no neck-tie or collar, and wore a pair of prison shoes. He looked but little worn down by his long confinement and the mental anxiety he must have suffered. He carried a bunch of flowers in his right hand. Under the scaf- fold lay his coffin. Arrived at the foot of the scaffold, the concluding prayers of the funeral service were recited ; Archibald and the officiating clergyman remaining standing according to the usage of the Presbyterian Church, to which he claimed to belong. Archibald's eyes, during the recital of the service, wandered restlessly over the faces of the crowd, and he seemed to pay but little attention to the words of the clergyman. The condemned man then knelt down with the attendant clergymen, and delivered a long extempore prayer. During its delivery, a constant knocking at the outer gate was followed by the measured tread of the Volunteers through the corridor of the entrance, and about sixteen members of the force entered the enclosure under the command of Sergeant Herley, and drew up at the left hand side of the scaffold, the orders being given in a loud voice, and the necessary manœuvres being exe- cuted with a seeming indifference to the solemn scene being enacted at the foot of the scaffold— the rattling of arms falling discordantly on the last words of prayer from the dying man. The spectators were sensibly shocked by this un- seemly interruption, and it was felt that when a disagreeable duty had to be gone through, it should not have been left to a subordinate. Had the commanding officer or one of the lieutenants been present, the volunteers would have been on the ground in time ; or if they had been late, they would have taken their places without making an ill-timed display of military precision. The police, under the command of Sub-Inspector Elliott, were drawn up on the right of the scaffold. Archi- bald prayed in a clear, piercing voice, and all whe heard him were sensibly affected. He said :—" 0 Lord God ! I thank you who hast permitted me to live for twenty-eight years—the greater portion of which I have spent in sin and misery—and I thank Thee that Thou hast gives me a few weeks for repentance — to read Thy blessed word, and for Thy worship. O Lord, Thou hast shown Thyself to me a God of help —of strength—and of comfort. I care as little for that coffin before me as for my bed. I thank Thee, O Lord, for the discharge you have given me ; and I hope that it may strike terror through- out the world. I have been led blindfolded (? pinioned) to the gallows ; O God, look down and pity me. I thank Thee for my clearance from these dreadful irons this morning ; I give myself up to Thee as a living sacrifice, and pray that I may be made wholly acceptable to Thee. Hear my prayer, O Lord ! God bless my wife and children—direct and protect them ; O God, bless them. I pray for my enemies, if I have any, and for those who may have committed perjury and may have given false evidence against me, if they did. I ask pardon for them ; I do not curse them—any of them—I bless them in my heart ; and I repent deeply for all that I have done, and I trust that they will be as freely forgiven as I forgive them. O Lord, I thank thee I have not an enemy to face ; oh, I hope to see all my old friends and relations in heaven. An old friend of mine was shown by me the other day a likeness of my Saviour, and in a few minutes I shall see my Saviour in reality. 0 God, have mercy on me, for my Saviour Christ's sake. Amen, Amen." The last amen was dwelt upon with great fervency and apparent feeling. The Rev. Mr. Jenkyn then offered up a brief and earnest prayer. The Rev. Mr. Hartley also offered up a prayer. During this time the hangman was standing under the fatal beam, and silently waiting his victim. Archibald having completed his prayer, expressed a desire to place the flowers he held in his hand in his coffin. His request was complied with, and he walked over from the foot of the drop to the further end, under the drop where the coffin lay. The lid was lifted by one of the gaol officers, and with his pinioned arms, Archibald placed the flowers where his ? soon to lie. He appeared pleased ? in this respect was complied ? back firmly to the foot of ? mounted then with a steady ? by the Rev. Mr. Carson and attended by the two other ministers, and the gaol officials. As he went up he said, "Thanks be to God I am climbing to Heaven." On reaching the platform he was placed beneath the beam by the executioner, and the rope was quickly ad- justed round his neck. Before the cap was drawn over his eyes, Archibald advanced to the front rail of the platform and said :—" Dear friends, I wish to say a few kind words to you before my departure from this wicked world. I hope my end will be a dreadful warning not only to you who hear me, but to the whole world. I will say nothing about my trial, I bless my countrymen who found me guilty, and the judge also, and bless his soul, and God abide with him, and long may he live to administer justice and mercy. I trust that those who have committed wilful perjury against me, if they have done so, that the Lord will forgive them. I have prayed for them late and early, and I want to show you that there is a great deal of difference between me and a man who has ani- mal courage for to commit a murder. A man who has animal courage would be able to walk up and meet his doom ; but I want to show that the strength I have is got from above— from the Almighty. It was not from any out- ward boast that any blackguard might make that I died game, God forgive me and save me from having a boast being made by any blackguard that I died like a man, or died like a cur. I thank God it is better than that, and I believe I meet my death as a Christian. I trust that you will all meet me in Heaven. I am an uneducated man, and in a very painful position. I cannot address you in fine language—only in such as I have got. I trust what I say will be accepted by the whole of you. I trust that all of you, and young men particularly, will keep away from dunk, bad company, and race-horses. I trust that a few old friends that I see amongst those around me will give up those things, and may become better men. God bless you all, I pray for you all, and my last word is that God may make you better, and that when your time comes you will die with a smile on your lips as I can. I wish you a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. I feel that I am going to have mine with the Saviour in joy. Farewell! farewell!" The cap was then drawn over his face, and he was placed beneath the beam. He then said— "All right, good-bye, father," addressing a man named Davis in the crowd, whom he was accustomed to call by the name of father ; and turning his head aside, said, "I want to say good-bye to Mr. Hartley." He then shook hands with Mr. Hartley and Mr. Jenkyn. The Rev. Mr. Carson then prayed—"Into thy merciful hands, O Lord! we commend the soul of thy servant now about to be severed from the body. Receive him, we humbly beseech thee, O God! into the arms of thy mercy. Let not his faith waver nor his hope fail. Let him die in peace—rest in hope—and rise in glory." Then taking Archibald by the hand, he said,— "Dear Brother,—God, the Father, who hath created thee ; God, the Son, who hath re- deemed thee ; God, the Holy Ghost, who hath infused His grace into thee—be now and ever- more thy defence—assist thee in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life! Amen!" His left hand was tightly clenched. After the prayer, he shook hands with Mr. Carson, and stood silent a moment. In a voice full of emo- tion, he then said, " The Lord have mercy on me ;" and, addressing the crowd, he said, " let me hear you say one word for me—let me hear you say "the Lord have mercy on my poor soul." From out the crowd there came one unanimous and solemn response, and as the words, " The Lord have mercy on your soul," fell on his ear, he said, in a hopeful voice, "Thanks be to the Great God—now I die happy." He then began another prayer—"Oh! let your hearts be in heaven. Oh! merciful God! Thou who art willing to receive—." At this moment the bolt was drawn, and the soul of Alexander Archibald was launched into eternity. He appeared to suffer no pain, death being almost instantaneous. There was no contraction of the lower limbs, and the body after swaying about from left to right for a few seconds, rested with the face to the wall. Archibald's guilty life was over, and the last of Halligan's murderers had gone to his account. The body after hanging for half an hour was then cut down ; the face, on being uncovered, appearing calm and peaceful—one of the eyes was closed, the other partially open. The tongue protruded slightly from the mouth. The body was then placed in the coffin, and a post mortem examination was held by Dr. Sal- mond, assisted by Drs. Thon and M'Neely. The sudden drawing of the bolt seemed to have surprised Archibald, and when he felt the drop going down, he drew himself up with a startled movement. The irons were first placed upon the prisoner nine weeks ago yesterday. After being sentenced, fears were entertained for several days that he contemplated starving him- self to death ; but it subsequently appeared that these fears were groundless. Archibald told Mr. Hartley that he had no such intention, but that the sentence produced so deep and depressing an effect on him as to deprive him of all appetite. Seven weeks ago Archibald was unable to read. He had learnt the beneficial effects of the religious ministrations offered by the gentlemen attending Palmer and Williams, and he was induced to listen more willingly to their exhortations. Since then he tried hard to learn to read, and was enabled at the last to read a chapter in the Bible. During the first weeks of his confinement he appeared to shrink with horror from the sight of the gallows during his hours of exercise in the prison yard. He afterwards became reconciled to the sight, and within the last few days seemed to long for the last hour to come. Of late his wife had visited him every day, and prayed with him. He seemed anxious that she should join her prayers with his. It is needless to remark that she met his desire in this respect. Mr. Carson attended him during Tuesday forenoon, and his wife visited him early in the afternoon. She left him about half-past four o'clock for the last time on earth. The The parting between them was very affecting. Shortly after, Mr. Jenkyn and Mr. Hartley were in attendance. They left about half-past six o'clock and Mr. Carson remained with him for about another hour. Mr. Hartley and Mr. Jenkyn returned about ten o'clock and remained in the condemned cell until about one o'clock in the morning. Archibald expressed a desire to remain up all night, but was persuaded to take some rest. He slept until about half- past four o'clock, and Messrs. Hartley and Jenkyn were again with him at five o'clock, from which time until about a quarter past seven they read and prayed with him, and sang the well-known hymn—" There is a land of pure delight," when Rev. Mr. Carson arrived, and was engaged with him until the irons were knocked off. During this operation, Archibald appeared quite resigned to his fate. He expressed himself as very grateful to all the gaol officials, especially to Mr. Don- nelly for the kindness shown him during his confinement. The body was removed for inter- ment to the cemetery yesterday forenoon. The funeral was numerously attended, the ministers who had attended him in his last moments offi- ciating on the occasion. Alexander Archibald was a native of Forthshire, in Scotland, from vhence he came in 1851 to New Zealand when he was ten years of age, moved after a time to Castlemaine, then to Gipps Land, then to Mel- bourne and Beechworth, and next to Thule station on the Murray, in New South Wales, then to Bendigo, where he got married in 1862, moved to Dunedin, in New Zealand, in 1863, and came to Rockhampton in March, 1864. We understand that Archibald told a person here, falsely as it seems, that he was in South Australia before he came to Rockhampton, and that he came up here because, whilst a young- ster, he had committed an assault on a police- man on a racecourse in South Australia, and fled to avoid the consequences. Since he arrived here he has been engaged in horse dealing, and at every race meeting here he was a prominent and noisy figure. About the end of last year, he took the Lion Creek Hotel, and it was there that the plan was matured which resulted in Halligan's murder—and his own death on the gallows. 