BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. : On Friday evening, February 25, a service was held for the public recogniiion of Mr. G. Tresise as an approved minister. The devo tional proceedings were conducted by the Rev. T.Tiper; andtheSev. J. Way, whs presided, explained that after a probationer had been received by the District Meeting; he was brought before the congregation for public recognition by vote of the people. . He then called on Mr. C Tresise to give a statement of his conversion, call to the ministry^ and religious experience. Mr.-TresiBe saidhe was not unconscious of the important position ne 'tnen occupied, lie nad never lived such solemn moments'1 as recently,' and hoped this act of that evening' would be ratified in heaven. 'When yeryyoutyg hefiret felt convictions of sinj parental -prayers made a deep impression: on Ms. mind, akd a pious' clergymaH helped him to serious religious thoughts and feelings. .: These wore away, but subsequently the Bible Christian ministry pro duced powerful convictions- that .led him to Jesus. In company with a' brother, now in ' heavBn,' he was saved. Tears after he felt a 'growing desire to: preach;, he gave himself : to preparation, and a deep, clear, and powerful conviction came that hw whole life was to be devoted to the ministry. He^efi^BngUuid for this colony, and the inipre»Bionar followed him. ' He could not shake them on^j and, having ob tained a recommendation from his circuit, he entered the work. He had realised inany proofs of God's favor; no evidence could be clearer \- than his assurance of salvation. He lioged to labor ;-ib. the Bible Christian Church as long as God gave him breath to preach -the Gospel of Jesus OhriBt. The ftev. B. Keen moved the recognition ot \Mx. C. Tresise as a inxnister of the Bible Christian Church. He said none could foresee' the consequences* of their act that night.' , It was apostolic teaching that -they should *' lay hands suddenly on no man.' 'They aitejd. on. fAoa inspired counsel. The Church ,nrast recommend. Year after year thie pro ~ batdpners 'were'cubject to strict ex iminations to tesi^their' -mental and .spiritual attainments. -r'^i*lila'^|iiin'«hr«itiiiig.1nnn*a.t- -the* otifl q£ foUTyeJUTS ?traBTninute and careful. ' He -believed Mr. Tre r' anpmd qaaMcatiens for the -forkj; he was' jajuwrtied. - .This was -Hie ?-first' and highest '' 'mialMcatioiB.' ,;JPhey .appreciated -intellectual attaiioments, c bat these; ' however great, were ; woraifess'withbut spiritual power. ;ii He had every rconfidence in the young minister before them, and with' much pleasure -proposed his \- : recognition. The Bev. J. Boberts seconded. Mr. Tresise was -fitBt appointed to labor with ? him. He knew something of his life, and r:;had heard good reports from the other ?stations to which he had been appointed. The Bev. J. Stoyel was called on to support . to? recognition. He observed that the Church ' was tne nignest institution on earth and '? Jier Tninistry was of divine appointment. None should enter it but as drawn by divine inftuence; -&ey;'^ should be persons of -the hi^iest 'iquaTifiations. Careful' training was ? ' ^newsiiary for'r1ns Thigh voca,tion ; the Apostles r -w-brettrainell by ^fliree years' instruction and ' ? iekajnpile by the best of teachers— their Lord ; anS:tMaster. 3Hie ^brother -before them had ' heentTiorbughly tested. ' In comparative isola tion from brethren, surrounded with inany ' dif - ficulties, hehad ^earnestly hftored' for three years on mission ground. Sefaiew something : of his' private 'knd public life^and^ras.phsased5 with the ' fervency^' of . bis deyotions,_ and -'? -earnestly -'hoped : he5 --would ciier faJvorjed with a; , long and successful life. With great pleasure he supported this proposed recognition. The reeoltwaon was unanimously ? -carried. The Qhairmangave Mr. Tresise the right hand of teHowMiip, and' pr«sent€-d him with a -copy of the Holy Scriptures, which he hoped would be Mb daily study, his guide and comfort through life. ' - ' ' The Bev. J. Ashtonthen delivered the charge. After referring to his having himself occupied a similar position 27 .years ago., wh.en he with fdnr others listened to an address delivered by one since dead, and remarked up n his feelings and determination, , .then, the speaker pro ceeded to enlarge upon the work undertaken, its greatness and responsibility. He urged the necessity for purity of life, self-denial, conse cration, enthusiasm, ^delity, and imitation of Christ in. hatred of. sin and love of holiness. He then dwelt upon the themes which were to form the ground word for the preacher, and spoke of the .hindrances and encourage ments -in presenting the truth to hearers. Passing on, _ mention . was . fjmade pi the quaKfications Tequisite in administer, and tiie need for preserving lifelong study and constant patience. He then^roceeded— 'Think no effort too great and Jap^ privation hard that will aid yon in the«ffi£inm.ent of knowledge, and most of all let your ^knowledge be of the Bible, and such as will assist you to unfold and illustrate its meaning, and to enforoe its obligations./ Be not satisfied with mere fragments, valuable as they maybe; 'Try to descend below the surface t3 principles that underlie the rules, precepts, and examples. Search for truth as for 'hidden treasure.' Snow it in its usual or common mode of ex hibition, and also in its deeper abstraction and essence, but give it only in the former in your regular ministrations. Tour auditors will generally look for the truth, the bread and water of life, rather than the processes of your possessing yourself of it. To know the techni calities of theology is well, the better to see the 'propositions and relations of truth,' and thebetter to be enabled to present it to others in its simple' beauty and eternal . blessedness. In preaching, the less dogma the better. It should, be clear, and plain, and suggestive rather than dictatorial. Man need not,, nor should he give forth his dictum, yet he should speak solemnly and authoritatively the truth as it is in Jesus.'1 Farther on he said— 'There is danger of our being satisfied with sincerely Betting Christ and 'jHis claims before our hearers, just as a teacher . of science does his trttths, leaviog greatly to them 'the acceptance or the rejection. But this will not do. If it be teaching, it is hardly preaching. We must1 * beseech sinnera in Christ's stead to be reconciled to God.' We must feel as if the perishing, and, indeed, all men, ' were a part of ourselves, ' and' in the deepest sympathy, with a holy enthusiasm, lovingly urge entire submission to and full ac ceptance of Christ. If well and faithfully done, preaching is a largo if not the largest, part of a minister's work. But there is much be sides to be done. There must be constant watching to prevent the coming in of evil from without, as well as to prevent the rising up of evil from within, where the good seed has been Bownih honest. hearts. Here * the elders ef the Church' should keep vigilant eye,, and unite with the minister to carry and to feed * the lambs of the flock.'' Later, he remarked — 'Humanity is ffo. weak, so erring, so self willed, . so conceited, so bent on evil, and ' our adversary the devil' is so present . and ready to add thereto, that «vil will come in. 'Offences will [come.' Much patience and 'forbearance is necessary, and 'much wisdom to crush evil in the bud. The perfec tion of the Scripture and of Christ is the lofty standard to which we must look, and to which we must point, and then humbly and: patiently wait for the ripe corn in the ear. * Feed my lambs, feed my sheep,1 said ' Christ. xo au give xnerr poruon or mean in aue season, never wearying, nor wavering in well-doing. Ever in 'deed and word' be a true 'counsellor and guide.1 Many then will follow, will be saved, and be the Crown of your rejoicing for ever. Beyond things strictly sacred you will have some responsibilities in relation to the discipline and secularities of the Church. Be no novice in such things. Take in to your view the universal Church; but specially that por tion of it of which you are a minister. In Ohnrch polity and government expediency seems rather to be the law than any positive command or set example. That is the best that most resists evil and most fosters good, and this . is often ruled by persons, circumstances, and times, by forms and accidents more than by essentials! The Church is one, but widely ramified. 'The essence and the evidence of the unity of the Church is spiritual similarity,9 and diversity of administrations need not affect this. Never be forward to cut off from the Church except in the extremest cases, if then, bear and forbear long. 'Overcome evil with good.' Shame, or awe, or lead into submission to the truth and right by love. All else may fail ; love cannot always. Do your own part in these matters well and timely, and generously help the slow and backward, without severe reproof or chiding.' He concluded thus : — 'There are, too, Tobiahs, Sanballats, and Geshems set on mischief, hindering the work of the Lord. Jerusalem in ruins is their glory ; the temple of the Lord destroyed is their delight. They must not be feared, but defied and contemned. Love of ease must be over come by the fire, and life, and power of 'Christ in you, the hope of glory.' Sin and iniquity, however multiform, and however archly and artfully posted against Christ and Mb universal reign on the earth must be in the name of : the Lord ^sailed in its own citadel, and there may be no truce or compromise. 'To Him every knee shall bow.' * All nations shall call Him blessed.' All error, whether to 'al or partial, whether coarse or subtle, and whether popularly called good or evil, muBt be con stantly opposed with the truth in love, the truth in precept, in rule, in practice, or example. The truth lived must be living truth, and can not be hidden long. * Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.' But heart evil is the greater foe and enemy to the reign of Jesus .Christ the Lord ; and love, : God'atove in Christ Jesus, is its conqueror. It has: conquered, it does now conquer, it shall conquer till all shall know Mm, ' whom to know is life eternal.' How important well to live the life of earth: great as are its responsi bilities, there is no need to despair. '?Our suf ficiency is of God ;' His rod and staff comfort. He says, *-i am with you alway ; niy grace is -sufficient for thee ; be faithful ; I will give thee a crown of life.' Seek and expect the Holy Ghost's spirit to comfort and to guide you inte all truth ; God's providence over you shall be gracious and good. Never forget it is for God ?you live, for God you labor — that you live and labor — that man, your brother, may be brought back to love and loyalty to Christ ; brought to -purity and peace through Christ. Let your eye be single ; let your aim be great ; let your hope be ardent ; let Christ \be aU and in alL Ever remember your high and holy calling. To enemies without or within come not down. To Satan, to sin, to the world, to the flesh, to all that would divert you from ?your work of faith 'and your labor of love,' say. ' I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down.' May God Almighty bless and help you, my brother, and may you ever be richly anointed with the unction of the Holy Ghost.' On Saturday the statistics of this denomina tion in South Australia were presented to the Assembly. They are as follows : — Itinerant preachers, 22; local preachers, 92; chapels, 79 ; other preaching places, 19 ; deaths, 12 ; removals, 174 ; members, 1,567 ; admitted on trial during the year, 233; on trial at Christ inas, 45; total number of members, 1,612; Sunday-schpol teachers, 602; Sunday-school scholars, 3,485. .' \ On Sunday services were held in Young street Chapel. In the morning the Bev. Octavius Lake occupied the pulpit. He took for his text Luke 4th chap., 18 fh and 19th verses; and in an earnest, methodical, and impressive discourse described, the history and mission of the Saviour, the glorious example he had left for men to follow,, and his. mediatorial power ever -.exercised on our behalf. In the after noon' the Bey. T. Allen officiated, and chose for his theme Romans 12th chap., 1st verse, and urged upon all true Christians, who were i truly described by the Apostle as priests unto ' God, the duty of offering themselves entirely to Mm as a holy and acceptable sacrifice. In the evening the Bev. T. Piper was the preacher. The subject of Ms sermon was Isaiah, 6c, 1 to 8 r., and he in eloquent terms dwelt upon the humility and earnestness with wMch the prophet devoted himself to the service of the Lord, the sense he exMbited of his own un worthiness, and his ardent desire for that holiness that could come only from one source. A service, conducted by the Revs. S. Bock and J. Chambers, was held in the interval between the afternoon and evening services. The services in aid of the trust funds of the Minister's' residence were continued at the Ybung:street Chapel on Monday evening, February 28, by tea and public meetings,^ and the attendance on both of these occasions1 was large. The latter was presided over by Dr. Campbell, and there were also present theBevs. EL Fenton (New 'Connexion Methodist), J. G. Wright (Primitive Methodist), J. Way, S. Keen,, J. Ashton, J. Rock, T. Piper, and O. Lake. A hymn having been sung, and prayer offered by T. Hillman, the ChatbMAN in a few appropriate remarks opened the proceedings. The Bev. T. HlLLHAK mext addressed the meeting on the subject of Christian liberality. He hoped the congregation would hot allow their heads to droop at the mention of the subject. He thought the day was past when in dividuals would be able tofetter the thoughts of others. Should the Council now sitting at Borne attempt to fetter the thoughts of mankind, their attempt would be treated without^ ceremony, and in a manner similar to that in wMch Luther treated the Pope's bull. He maintained that it was a Christian duty to help one another wherever the chance occurred. He alluded to the _early days of the colony, and stated Ms gratification at the progress the Christian cause had made during the last 30 years. He ex pressed his opinion that a minister's residence in Adelaide was desirable, but would like to see it erected free from debt. The. Bev. S. Keen said they had come there that evening for the purpose of giving a cheerful welcome to the brethren who had. recently arrived from Eng land. As far. as they had known them, he- might say they loved .them. They esteemed them already for their cheerful devotion to God and to His work. He assured them it would take time before they were acclimatised ; but after travelling for 17 years a missionary he had never encountered a difficulty sufficient to cow any man, and he had never had to put up with half the difficulties he had whilst in England. After giving a brief account as 'to the manner in wMch the cause had progressed, he proposed the following reso lution :—' That the brethren, Thos. Piper and Octavius Lake, having, lately arrived from England as ministers amongst us, we would ex press our devout gratitude to Almighty God for their safe passage, with that of Mrs. Piper and children ; and we assure our brethren we most heartily welcomg them amongst us as fellow laborers in the Lord's vineyard, and we hope they will be long blessed with 12 e and health, and that great success will attend their ministrations in this distant and sunny land. ' The Bev. J. Bdcc COrdiallv seconder! t.hn mnhnit. sin tin fait. it. would ensure the sympathies of all present. The Bey. J. Way supported the resolution. The motion was then put and carried by accla mation. The Bev. T. Piper was very much obliged fer the very cordial welcome he had re ceived that evening. He would just 'say that since he had: been in the colony he had received the greatest kindness from all the people he had come into contact with. The Churches he had ministered at had been most cordial in his re ception, and he assured them he knew how to appreciate their kindness. He had come for the purpose of living and laboring amongst them, and he did not know whether it would be to die with them. It was jtruly a glorious country, and he had had a very warm reception. He then referred to liberality as being a very beautiful and commendable thing. He endeavored to impress upon those present the desirablenes of looking into themselves and asking had they given themselves entirely to Christ. The Bev. O. Lake was very pleased with the recep tion which, had been accorded to him that evening. Since he had been in the colony he had been quite at home, and he was beginning already to regard it. as such. Not that he should ever forget England, for he did not think it possible for him ever to do that. He thanked them for the kindness they had dis played towards Mm, and stated that the fa uilies which he had visited had given Mm quite a homely reception. The object, of Bible Christians was not to establish . a sect, but to ' set forth a religion. They prayed that the coming of the Kingdom of God might be hastened, and he urged the necessity of earnest prayer. He lamented the fact that their prayer meetings were so poorly attended ; and if, according to Mr. Spurgeon, only the cream of the Church came to the prayer meet ings, they had very little cream amongst them. They wanted men like Samuel, David, Paul, and BromwelL He pointed out the necessity for faith, and urged the need for unity. He commented on liberality, hoping they would not give what they said they could afford, but until they missed it. The Rev. H. Fenton and J. G. Wright also addressed the meeting. During the evening a collection was made, which, together, with the proceeds of the pre vious day's services and the. tea, amounted to over £25. On Tuesday morning, March 1, the stations of the preachers drawn up by the Committee They are as follows: — Adelaide — Bevs. T. Piper and J. Way, J. Roberts (superannuated) ; Kooringa — Bev. J. itock ; Gawler— Bevs. W. Richards and B. Lang; Kapunda— Bevs. J. Hancock and B. Bandt; Auburn— Beys. J. Trewin and* 0. Lake; Clarendon— Bevs. S. Keen and C. Tresise ; Mount , Torrens— Rev. J. Bidclif t ; Yankalilla— Bev. J. foster ; 'Port Elliott — Rev. J. Counter ; Mount Lofty— Bev. J. Ashton ; Bowdeu— Bey, J. Stoyel ; Kadina— Bev. T. Alien ; Port Augusta— Bev. H. Mason; Wellington— Bey. J. Dingle; 'Robe— Bev. T. Hillman; Mount Gambier— Bev. T. McNieL During the forenoon the Bev. H. Fenton, Methodist New Connexion minister, paid a visit to the Assembly. During his stay the subject of amalgamation between the Methodist New Connexion and Bible Christian Churches, as contemplated by their respective Committees and Conferences, was submitted for considera tion. Several ministers and represeatatives freely expressed opinions in its favor, and the following resolution thereon was carried :— 'That we assure the Committee and Confer ence that when they shall see their way to effect an organic union with the Methodist New Connexion, we shall be happy to join in such union, believing it will enable us to labor more successfully, and make us a greater power for good in the world. But whether a 'Federal Union,' as suggested in the January number of ihe Bible Christian Magazine for the current year, will be the best way to bring about that object we are as yet entirely unprepared to judge.' In the evening a temperance meeting was held. The chair was taken by Mr. W. Badford; of Bridgewater, Past District Chief Ruler of the South. Australian District Beohabite Society. He said he was afraid t^e Church was not sufficiently interested in this matter. It was own duty to remove the obstacles that stood in the way of the GospeL Wherever ministers went they were beset by drunken ness.. The Bev. O. Lake addressed the meeting. He said he was a very decided teetotaller, became so when young, and renewed his pledge at Ms mother's grave. Temperance was in harmony with truth, andtruth should burn through all our coverings, and set the world in a blaze. Is temperance right? He asked the drunkard, the moderate drinker, and the teetotaller. He urged these questions with a force of reasoning and illustration that seemed to carry conviction to every mind. The Bev. ^T. Piper was the .next speaker. He treated the subject in a scientific way, showing the injurious effects of alcohol on the human system. The Bey. J. Trewin also addressed the meeting, wMch was of a very instructive and interesting character. We have seen a printed circular invit ing the Attorney-General to stand for the District of Stanley. 