FLOODS IN VICTORIA. The effect of the floods in the Wimmera district U Ik J noticed by the Plouant Creek Neva.:- ' It ison],?! that communication betwten Stawell and the nortt, J parts of the country is regularly resumed anduS often under very serious difficulties owing to thp.iS subsidence of the floods. We find that the to£m caused has in some instances been more severe tL was supposed. We learn that at LongerenonrC station a great part of the garden has been dentron! and it was found necessary to dig a trench »«,„;? s/w» »vm w* wu« uuunc w pave ib num. me ovenlrjY tha river. The sheepwash, some seven miles renuJ which was one of the largest and most comnlefei Victoria, was washed away, although a tint, about 120 men were trying to save it , the time. Mr. Wilson, who was superintendiiis (J efforts of the men, travelled to the place in a boatfna his own house, the water being sufficiently high t, i? him safely over the fences. This year Mr. Wilson wail compelled to brook-wash. At tbe farm of Pry and(V Shanab&n;'s Btation, the water was three feet h inches high on the plains. At Nichol and Am? station the EichardBon was four miles wide- aadi water in Mr. Dennis's kitchen was three fa deep. A great deal of fencing belonging to V, Dennis, as well as all his daniB, with the ens tion of tbe sheepwash, were swept m. It is thought that Mr. Holt, of LrfSS lost a good deal of sheep and fencinc- .» flock of 100 have been seen drowned,' 2 it is difficult to say bow many othera have simiUrt suffered. On the whole, at this portion of the Via mera country, it may be said that the numem breaches made- in all the fences have ' boxed ' the W of the various squatters. Mr. Russell, of the Senm tine, who was travelling 11,000 store sheep (purchiS in the Tattiara country) down the Wimmera andnpft Richardson, lost 1327 of the flock by the time ben across the Avoca river. Another man, while drivinfi flock of sheep down the Wimmera, towards BalluSt found them suddenly surrounded by water, andhtlm to abandon them, fearing that he would lose his on life. Strange to say, though the sheep had 1 stand up to their bellies in water all the Eight, tlr escaped without injury. All the crops situated ia the Wimmera, between Dadswell's and Glenorchyu completely submerged; but we are glad tosaytliu Minnieboro, CaUawadda, and Burimn Burrum, ft crops look remarkably well, and up to the present hi« escaped aU danger. The squatters will teel connda able loss m being retarded in shearing operational] the huts are bow full of men, waiting for shearing 'm these must be paid 10» per week for off tmi For a while, however, they will be fow employment in the repairing of fencing and dam' Intelligence of a melancholy accident caused by th late floods in the valley of the Goulburn has reuU Melbourne. It seems that the river rose so repidli that some of the persons resident in its vicinity W not time to adopt measures of precaution before lit flood was upon them. The house of a land-aelectc named George Christie was completely encircled h the Goulburn on one side, and by a large lagorauj some ranges on the other. On the night of the 84 instant, the dangerous position of the occupants n made apparent by the water entering the home. which it was considered necessary to vacate withd del«y. A first attempt at escape was made by the construction of- a raft of whatever houseful furniture could be made available. Upon this Ub family -consisting of Mr. Christie, his wife, two cE dren, and a servant boy — embarked ; but it verr aoa broke up, and ita occupants had to devise some oik means of safety. An attempt was next made to rack the high lands which we»-e adjacent to the house, oi horseback. Mrs. Christie was placed on one hone, while her husband, with the vouugettehild JniuerKi m .unted another. The servant boy, after divesb him-elf of all superfluous clothing, took charge of tkt other child, and struck out bravely for the higher ground, which he had nearly reached when the child lost her hold of him, and was swept snj, all attempts to rescue her proving of no avail. Hh melancholy accident was soon succeeded by one era more dreadful. The horses having to swnn, net became unmanageable, and the one on which Ma ChtiBtie was riding overbalancing itself, caused tin unfortunate woman to slip off, and before aid could bi rendered ber she was drowned. Happily, the father and his remaining child, together with the servant boy, escaped. The bodies were not recovered till threedjji nfter the fatal occurrence, and have since been interred in the Yan Yean General Cemetery. Shortly after the family vacated their house the water kegan ts recede, and no doubt all would have been well had tin; remained in the building, instead of endeavouring to eBcupe. We understard tbat Commodore Stirling of aiLS Giio, will to-m--iro«, at 10 o'clock, inspect the com. p ny of H.MS. Galatea on the Island of Oockttoe, when it is expected there will be a sham fight. The Western Examiner reports that on Saturday kit two splendid nuggets were brought to the Ootnmerail Bank iu Orange, the one weighing 21oz, and the other 4oz. They were both remarkably pure, and contained but a very Bmall amount of dirt. The locality when the find was made is at Lewis's Pond, the large onebein fnun.l about thirteen feet below the surface, and the ?nailer one at a lees dej th. Fire at Brisbane Water— A statement reached Sydney on Friday evening, to tbe effeot that the dwelling-house and premises of Mr. Thomas Scott, it Point Clare, Brisbane Water, had been destroyed by fire. Oar informant stated that, one of theiamitd having had occasion to light a small fire in the open air, for the purpose of singeing some poultry which hsi been killed, a sudden gust of wind drove the names mi embers in the direction of the outbuildings, and the dwelling-house and the whole premises being of wood were all consumed before the (ire could be arrested. There was, we believe, an insurance on the place in tin Liverpool and London office, but to what extent b proportion to the value we have not heard. Pbince of Walks Opera House.— On Satodij evening Mr. and Mrs. Bandinann appeared in Hamlet Probably none of Herr Bandmann's impersonation! ue more felicitous than that of the philosophic Dane. It is carried out with great vigour and originality— minj of the # more hackneyed effects being entirely done away with, and substituted by others more interesting in their detail Probably the most significant sign d the renown which Herr Bandmann has acquired in the part was afforded in the large audience which, at tit short notice of a few hours, gathered to enjoy it. He found a worthy Ophelia in Mrs. Bandmann, the character of the gentle and loving Danish maiden beta well displayed by that talented lady. Mr. HoskinU Ghost, Mr. Bartlett's Laertes, and Mr. Charles Young1! Gravedigger are impersonations well known here, ui upon which a repetition of comment is unnecessary. To-night, Romeo and Juliet will be presented. The part of Juliet is one of Airs. Bandmann's most finelj wrought conceptio ..s, and the renown which -h- acquired in it on her former visit to this city cannot fail to ensure a large audience. SonooL of Design.— On Friday evening the first quarterly general meeting of the members of thu institution was held at the School of Arts. A lute number of members attended, and Mr. & Hodgson, the irincijial, occupied the chair. After some preiimiiurr business, Mr. Pod more proponed, and it was seconded »uu carried — iuai a memorui De presented to w committee of the School of Arts, stating the earnest desire of the members of the School of Design &-i some arrangements sheuld be made with a view of per manently securing Mr. Hodgson's services as rri» cipal' Mr. Aitcheson proposed, and Mr. Ayton seconded- ' That the committee be consulted as to the iroper acknowledgment of the services of the popl eachers and monitors.' This was carried, and aln 'that special mention be made to the committee of the services of Mr. Flynn, pupil teacher, and Mr. Parkin.' An animated discussion as ts rules for admission of ne* members then ensued ; but ultimately no amend ments upon the existing regulations in this respect were made. The business closed with votes of thsMi to the chairman, Messrs. Flynn and Tanner, pnpu teachers, Mr. Parkin and other monitors, and m. BogeTs, secretary of the School of Arts. During ti» evening the following address, which - *' largely signed, was presented to Mr. HodgMB ' To T. Hodgson, Esq., Principal of the School of )esign. We, theundersigned members of the Sydney School of Design, feeling a high sense of the benefit your superintendence has proved to that institution, cannot enter upon a new quarter without conveying*; you some acknowledgment of the general feeling -' respect and regard entertained towards you persontHyi BStwell as in your capacity of chief instructor of the school. During the hut three months the bencficW nature of your influence has manifested itself into steady and progressive development of the capaoitn» of the pupils and the general healthy tone of tbj entire school. Your efforts for the advancement » j the scholars have' been indefatigable, and have, ** trust, met with their due appreciation as weU« recompense in the large amount of instruction impartm I We trust that you will long remain amongst us ' to P* j side over that institution in the initiation of whiohy* I ook so prominent apart, and in which your exertion- I have proved so efficacious.' The progress of thesclio* I during the last three months bag, we believe, betj j extremely satisfactory. There are about one hundrw I enrolled members, most of whom attend regularly, »»a I rapid progress has been achieve i in all the branches0/ I study pursued. Considering the advantages the ins'' I tution offers, as well to persons pursuing studies in *J 1 as an-amnseraent merely, as to those tradesmen »J I then desirous of acquiring some acquaintance *'* I practical drafting, modelling, and designing, there -*? j be oo doubt that it is one of the most useful branch I of the School of Art* J 