PHOTOS. 'Your portrait, one shilling.' What a world of wonderment such a prophecy of ono of the minor achievements of eur day would open to an inquirer of the last genera tion, when you told him that tho portrait would bo as perfect as tho reflection in a looking-glass ! We cannot conceive how our forefathers, or say rather our fathers, did without photographs. A miniature at halfa guinea would probably bo tho cnoapest suo stitute ; aud, after all, what would bo its value ? Let us be thankful for the photo graphic art, now in auch an astonishingly forward infancy. Looking back to all experienoo of tho growth of inventions, we must regard tho art as a budding one ; but what an extraordinary development it haa attained ! Almost everyone is regis tered, I had been going to say perpetuated, in ono of these sun-picturca. Yet tho art is bo young that wo can only speculate upon the queer appearanco that portraits of little people in bibs and tuckers will prosent to themselves and their circles of friends when they are old. The most dignified character, for instance a Bishop, may be confronted with his lUlUUU OUll. 1U ib pLUULUl U, lUUHtJU Ull JUOU as he was in the act of howling, with his mouth wide open and his knuckles in his eyes ! Then again, fancy Mr. and Mrs. Snap, on tho shady side of matrimonial experience, doing tho cat and dog business over the breakiast tablo, while a musty photograph on the man telpiece exhibits them ill loving juxtaposi tion twenty years ago, the day after Mrs. S. had said tho word. Perhaps tho3e ghosts of oursolvos will cause little mollifica tions, to coin a word, and reproach, while yet unnttered, many an angry thought. Yet thoy must become bitter reminders in somo instances. Tho withered beauty, who has been followed for her face alone, pos sessing no other attribute to charm, will crush mementoes' so mortifying. But we soon exhaust the dark side. There is another, which wo hardly know how to class ; whether as pleasing or melancholy. Tho images of the loved and tho lost ! Merry little faces, which are not with us now ; others of best beloved friends. These are tho treasures we cherish, and we feel that it is good to havo them. I am often set thinking by the sight of photographs ex posed for sale in pawnbrokers' shops, and tno oua ana ona repositories 01 the back streets and suburbs. Who buys tkem ? With somo humble admirers of art, I sup pose, a picture is a picture, no matter what it is of. One can hardly imagine anything of less value than a photograph of nobody in particular, so far as regards ourselves. Again, how do these photographs get into tho Beoond-haud shops '! Take, for instance, thafaded portrait of a young ollicer that lias been oxhibitod for years at a pawnshop in mv neighborhood. Wua ho n. rr.iv deceiver, and did a fair one whoso affections ho had trilled with take this ignominious mode of parting with, his photograph, so nicely framed as it is ? Or was it carried off by the ruthless holder of a bill of sale in making his clean Bweop ? That is moro probable. There ia a little romance about the photograph at tho pawnbroker's ; but others obtrude themselves daily upon my vision about which there is no romanco at all, or beauty, or anything else to war rant their daily oxposure in tho tharough fares of Collina nnd Bourke streets. Some people have a mania for seeing themselves in priut, and others for seeing themselvss in photo. Thoy get photographed and hung out at almost every placo in tho city, until one gets quite sick of their commonplace visages. Here thoy are, ap propriately, in a wood frame ; there, appro priately again, in a brass frama ; ami in another place they ,iro absurdly etherealiscd iu a carto de visite. We cannot deny the truthfulness of photography, but there ia very often a good deal of untruthfulness, of a kind, about it. Yet again, I sometimes find a ray deep moral in the untrtifchfulncss of a photograph. Obtain a carto do visito of tho most dissipated, red faced, pimply ebauchee, and it will show yon him almost exactly as ho wonld bo but for his vicious courses. Tho photograph refines everything. Too much at all times, yon will say, perhaps. A safer statement would be that it always flattors, or the roverso. Somo very handsome people will look plain in a photograph, poso thorn how you may. I am talking now only of untouched photographs. Anything can bo done with coloring. This combination of the sunlight and paint-brush, if it bo a development of tho art for the better, i3 only so whon carried to a very limited extent. I cannot imajrino a more superb burlcsquo than i3 exhibited in somo groups of heads, say from a particular body of people, which have been displayed with especial pride by Melbourno photographers. Ono lot of remarkably ordinary kuen ana Women. I hayo seen turned into perfect Adonisos and Venusea all round. Tho placing of his subjects must bo a very delicate part of tho photographer a business. On looking at a collection from tho studio of any particular artist wo observe a stylo in tho posing. Taking tho productions of a iirst-elass pliotographor, -wo can pick out all tho individuals who knew better than he did in this matter. At somo establish ments ono sees a most ungraceful, almost distressing stylo of position in all tho photographer's subjects. Tho artist is never satisfied without having an arm on ono side and a leg on the other at sharp angles. Tho difficulty is to convey tho appearanco, at all events, of ease. Photographers in genoral prefer to givo heads only, or tho description of portraits known a3 the kit-cat, rather than full length figures. It is hard to make a gracoful picture whoa you let in the boots. Another distaste of photo graphers, who work in an artistic spirit, is tho assumption of masonic or othor bedizenery by tho sitter. These trap pings ought nevor to bo brought out of tho mystic conclaves, for they convoy nono but ridiculous associations when Solemn Grands appear in a photographer's show caso. A grandiloquent gentleman, at St. George's Hall, with a lacquered pouch and all the rest of it, would not havo joined in tho laughter which followod tbo romark of a little boy upon his portrait tho other day : 'Ma, that's ono of tho men who carry tho banner in tho procession.' After all, it is in tho heads of children that photographers attain their highost ouocosses. Whon they get hold of a child 'with tho facility of look ing as if it is not looking, a picturo is produced which appeals at once to all sympathies. A child with its wisdom teeth out we leave to tho monopoly of parents or guardians. Among the eccen tricities of photography thoro aro two which have excitod tho wonder of sightseers in our city. Ono i3 the phenomenon of a man with hia head under hi3 arm, and the othor that of the double. The latter is a very ingenious idea. To see a man playing at chess with another BeK at tho opposito side of the table, or fighting with his double, is most wonderful ; and I am surprised that wo don't have tho sensation exhibited on a largo soalo by some photo grapher. Tho photographic art haa been a great god-Bend to caricaturists ; but liko many other god-sends it ha3 made thoso idlo to whom it ia given. Comic artists, in general, merely reproducotheheads of politicians, with slavish fidolity, from photographs, iustead of heightening tho features into a ludicrous expression. Among tho skits which of tho day, I think tho drollest I over saw was ono of Leoch's little blocks in Punch. Ho depicted two huge and grimy coalheaverp, with short pipes in their mouths, ontering a fashionablo studio, to the unbounded sur prise of the artist. One of thorn speaks : ' I say, roister, mo and my mato wants our photergruffs took ; and mind y' makes 'em 'ansum, coa they's to givo to two ladies.' 