\- " : The Late' Ai Jio. "Spring Meeting. Br THE WIZABD. I I think I only eolio tho general opinion when I say that tho late meeting has been a glorious success in orery way-Uno weather, good sport,' and a large attendance have been the ordor of the day ; and never did tho pros- pects of tho turf look brighter than they do at the present time. ? Notwithstanding tho futile oroukings mid sneers of some of our neighbours "down tho street," tho arrangements of the A.J.C. have given every satisfaction, and that this is tho general opinion of our racing men' was evidenced at tho settling, on Monday night al Tattersalls. Even thoso much abused individuals- the handicappers were well spoken of, so that I huvo but little hesitation in saying that tho club is as popular as it can possibly bo. I can hardly congratulate Mr Braokori reg upon his starting, as ho was not so successful as I have seen him ; but it must ha remembered that the starts were dometimes spoiled by tho fractiousneis of several of the horses, as witness, Rinaldo in the Epsom, who could not be induced to go up his hordes, and ho consequently got badly away. I think Mr Brackenreg was rather too anxious to get good starts, and, through thia anxiety,' he wus not up to his usual. pitch of excel- lence. The handicaps were np to the usuul standard of such things, which is saying a great deal, 6oeing .that siTerul of them wero spoiled by tho weights going up. By-the-wuy, speaking of tho handicaps reminds, me that, à lbw days before the races came off, X wasa^etikiiig to ono of our leading horse-owners, and bo expatiated pretty freely upon the favor shown to a certain stable ; how such . and suob. horses were . " thrown in," and certain races a moral for them. In tho races complained of, these "thrown in" horses never had a ghost of a chunco from tho start, thus showing that tho handicap- pers wero nearer tho mark than tho party who com- plained that several races were certainties for horses, who us after events proved, could not win a hack race. I hopo after this, thut the gentleman I refer to, will be a little- more oharitable in his opinions, which, after all, aro not infallible. I think thut Messrs Thompson, Brown, and Scarr, wero as successful in their handicaps as wo could expect them to bo ; the finishes in several of tho races being remarkably closo und exciting. Not having had time to go out to tho "morning gallops," I. did not given " tip" on tho lato meeting leuving tho prophecy business to " Nemo" und " X-'egusus." At tho best of times it ia not a "good thing" to try.one's hand ut "tipping," and after my friond,"" Peg's" glorious, success on tho Dorby Doy, when he did not spot a single winner, ho must have arrived at the same opinion. There must have boen a great run on tho Evening News'to read Pegasus's Penny . Notions on tho .prob'ablo results of the races, and if he fared no bot tor in his "tips" tlmn lie did un tho Derby ! Say, I am sadly afraid that .his. readers would hare hardly expended..tho lucky penny wlion they purchased tho Evening News. There wu* u largo ut tundauco on tho course on. tho first day, and the lessee of tho gate must have taken half of the money he gnvu for tho gales for the four days. No one will begrudge the lessee thu profits ho wus fortunate enough to make, mid I hopo ho ?will be quito as lucky at his next attempt. Tho Trial Stakes introduced two good horses to us in .tho simpo of ?Amethyst and Endeavour, and I havo great hopes of JthomJ^belioving thut wo have not yet scan tho best of either. This' same Trial Stakes I'B u trial raco in moro woys than one, nnd has been the means of introducing several good horses to.the notice of tho habituesoiHand wick, it was in'this race that Darkie, Tho Baron, and Trump -Curd, made their debut, und Amethyst and Endeavour bear out my opinion, thut one or two good horses.always make their bow lioforethoRnndwick public in thisipicp, '.; They. mado a great favourite of Croydon for tho President's Handicap, and well ho deserved the confidence bf his friends ; winning tho race pretty much as he'pleased with 8st 41b up, in 2min SO secs nod 6-10tha. This was a very good performance indeed, and my readers will.ngreo with mo in this when they remember, thnt last year >n tho sumo race, .Barbollo, 7st Gib'and Sir William, 7st 1 llb, ran a demi heat for first pince in 2min SlisécB. Paradise, with 7st dib ran a good horse, and mudo u great finish .with Detective, 7st 31b for socoud pluoe, and I quito expected that sho would have been very, forward in somo of tho other handicaps. Shs, however, appearodto " e,o blT," and did not run up to her "Presi- dent's" form in any other nico during tho meeting. Tho Derby requires very little notioo at my hands, and I confess I was quite disappointed at tho figure all the Derby nags cut with Florence in ' tho race. This is tho third, . 'Australian' Derby that "Mr Tait' has won, Tho .Barb' winning tho Oret, Fireworks , the second, and Florence'tho third. In tlie ruco of Saturday wonk, Mr .Tait could have won with cither .Florence or. Pyrrhus,- end, he .deserves overy credit for winning tho publio a hatfull of money. with the aid of florene*. What an outcry there would havo been had be «ron with Pyirhue. Ur l'ait baa hardly been so fortunate in the Liegen M he has been in tho Derby his great hone. Barb, the beat honso that over looked through a bridle, south of the line, having been bowled over by tho mighty Fishhook. However, Mr Tait was more fortunate in the following Leger, which ho won wil li Gloncoo; his socond strin-j. Fireworks running second; tho ruco hoing something similar to tho lute ono for tho Derby. In both these ruoes, Mr Tait could have won with either of his horses, which speaks volumes in favor of his judgmcut as a judge of horseflesh, and his abilities aa" u" trainer. . I had great hopes of Lady Olifden for the" Derby, .but she run in an extromoly wretched manner, and wu's never in' tho hunt from tho' jump, "and want of oondiliou stopped her stable companion Eli. Of tho Derby nags, Pyrrhus took my fancy tho most, and I believe ho is the coming champion of the Kow Warriors. Ho oppoars to me to be a rare weight-oarrior, and I believe that he will often victoriously carry tho colors of tho "yellow and blaok" to tho fore. I cannot say too much <n praiso of tho . manner in which Thompson rode Challenger in tho Derby ; but Thompson's merits as à jockoy havo long been appreciated so that I need say but little in his favor. The Quack was n hot favorite for the Spring Stakes, but he had no chnnco with Illumination, .who won the raco very easily, thus proving that Tarragon is as great a sire as ho was a racehorse. The Epsom Hundicnp was! a splendid race, and the winner turned up in tho little thought of Deceptive. Trump Card ran a good horse, but tho mare had a trifle too much foot for him ; how- ever, "Trump's" was a very good performance, quite justifying the belief of his friends that he would run a great horse for the Metropolitan. - ICaizer, with 9st Sib, astonished not a few of the knowing ones, and.Charley Roberts deserves credit for the way in which ho has brought tho grey horse into something liku his truo, form. On the "Metrop" Day, Deceptivo again showed Ker wonderful dash of foot by winning tho Shorts, with 9at 13lb up, and it appeared as if she could havo u on it with -' another stone on her back. Paradise fell or stumbled at the turn, but sho could never havo beaton the blaok maro. Tho Ladies* Cup was a great triumph for the admirers of Tarragon, and tho detractors of the old horse must' have felt very small in their boots, who» they ¿aw the two. Tarragona. Illumination nnd Tho Baron ran first and second, and tho two New Warriors, ICaizer and Pyrrhuo finishing third nnd'fourth. Talk about "pots" being upset, oftor tho rosult of the Maiden Plate ; Innover witnessed such a boil over in tho courso of my lifo. Lady Clifden and tho Buck wera tho' only horses gamo enough to oppose tho flyer, Floronco, and great was the outcry when "the Lady" brought the hitherto invincible flyer to tlio whip, and orontually beat her by a hoad. The cheering and excitement were some- thing dreadful, and the publio appeared to go quito mud /over tho victory. of . Mr Hogan's filly. Many harsh things have been said about tho publio for tho mnanor in; whioh they received tho victory of Lady Clifden, and some people have got quito an erroneous idea on the matter. I have always found that.the victory of an outsider is warmly received, inarticulacy vvhen tho race is considered a perfect gift to the favorite. For in- stance, when The Barb beat Fishhook in tho Nursery Handicap, thc publio were equally enthusiastic over the victory of tho black horse as they were over tho victory of Lady Clifden. No person was thcnjTooi enough to say that the publio in their applause, were actuated by a feeling ot ill-will towards tho colors of Mr Fisher. Its all very well in ita way to talk of giving tho publia a rap aver the knuckles, but tho publio is apt to turn rusty, und give a rap in return. Sporting men would look very foolish without the support of the public, and if tho " bobs" did not roll in very freely at the Randwiok gates, horse-ownors would soon have very little money to run their horses for, whereforo, its a very suicidal poüjy to disgust 'tho general publia willi rucing and raring mon. A great field stripped for tho Metropolitan, and a< the sixteen horses came streaming past tho stand, and round the rooks, the sight was truly a . grand one. I never saw such a large field in such compact order before, and it seems a mystery how the horses in the rear ever worked their way into tho front rank, llalf-a-mile or so from home thoy began to "spread out," and it was then obvious that there wera only four or flvo in it. Mr Winch's horse won rathor easily at the finish ; much, I confess, to my surprise, us I never gave him credit for being good enough to win a Metropolitan Stakes. I cannot help thinking that my old favorito, Tim Whifiler, ought to hu"o won it, and I decidedly think that his chance was entirely thrown away by the manner in which ho WUB ridden. No person oan tay that I am actuated in my remarks by any ill-feeling to- wards his jockey, as I have over given Donnelly a good word whim ha dosorvad. it j .but 1 atti decidedly of opinion that ho rode his worst race in tho Metropolitan. ! I can hardly biomo Donnelly, as ho, so I understand, rode to his orders ; but I think a groat mistake was rando some- where or other. I havo always been of opinion thnt it is a mistake to giro o jockoy " orders" how to rido his horse. If ho is thought competent enough to ride the horse, surely ho ought to bo allowed to uso his own judgment in tho matter, and take advantage of whatever incidents und changes may arise in the race. It is a long lime since I saw Tim so flt, and ho ran ii great horso indeed, As my readers oil know ho run outside his horses all the way, and must havo gone about seventy yards furl her than thawinnar; which is one goad roroson why Tim did not pull ofF tho " Metrop." He is getting older orel y day, and whon ho visits Melbourne, and has a try for the Launceston Champion Cup, tho chances aro all against his hoing so fit again, mid it is quito likoly that ho will retiro from tho turf; whoroforo I rauch regret that my old favorito did not end his enreor, like The Barb, 1 y winning ono of tho big events of tho your. Tho old horse must havo a wonderful constitution to stand all the train- ing ho has gone through; although ho hus been in worl ever sinco ho started in tho Aral Australian Derby, won by Clove nt tho . Autumn Meeting of 1865 (fico years ago) his pins aro as Bound us n bell, and ho is nlmost ns fresh as a two-year-old ; a wonderful proof of tho length of timo a horse will stand work if ho is properly looked after. Tim Whifiler lina run second or third in moro big races thun any othur horso I ever heard of; and he must be regarded us a pro-oininontly unlucky animal. I reny eay (without, I hope, being nccuscd of egotism) that I was tho first turf writer in tho colonies to recognise his merits as a great horso, nnd I stood alone in my opinion that ho would win thc Metrop of '67. Tho old horso has always been unfortunate us rt'g.irds newspaper writings, and I was tho only turf writer, who gave him the credit so justly his duo, for his great raco with lOst llb up, in tho Duke of Edinburgh Stakes. Returning to the Metrop, I may say that Trump Card ran ns well us I expected ho would, and that Mr Adams ought to bo proud of such a horso, as it is not every day, that he will possess hn animai good enough to run third in a Metropolitan Stulic-j. By tho bye, my "rough outsider" Al ran fourth, and it is not long odds that she will yet pull off a big race. 1 soo that credit is Riven to Bylong for running fifth, but he did no such thing, hnving finished behind Tho Dulce, who was fifth. The manner in which tho latter horse ran during tho meeting, con vin íes mo that his Derby win was no fluke ; but that tho best horse, on tho day, won. 1 don't know that I havo any more to say on tho "Metrop," beyond tho fact, that Tho Earl did not run up to my expectations, and I leave it for tho present, congratulating Mr Winch upon his eecond " Metrop" win. This, gentleman hus often boon abused by certain parties, but that lie nlwaya runs to win, is ovidenccd hy tho victory of Croydon. Had Mr Winch : chosen to " pull" his horse, ho could havo modo moro money than ho did by running him on his merits. lam informed that Mr Winch won very liltlo boyond tho stake, ho having been forestalled by. tho publio in tho market; but, notwithstanding this fact, he started his horse to.do his best, and ns wo all know, won tho race, much to the disgust and horror bf tho bookmakers, who wcro heavy losers by Croydon's victory. Aa in thu Trial Stokes, the issue of tho Squatters lay . between two horses, and Endeavour meeting Amethyst on eight pounds better terms, had no difficulty in beating hor, although tho filly might have been much closer hod sho been properly ridden. On tho Friday, o'splendid raco took place for tho Free- Handicap, and tho threo first horses, Btato Dalrymple, Lottery, and ICaizer finished rory -olose together, Defectivo and Australian Buck running almost a dead heat for fourth pluce. -This raco was quito a triumph for tho handicappers. I need hardly say, that Tim Whifiler lind an easy win in tho. Craven Pluto ; and, Moselle, by. her excellent and gamo finish with Lady Olifden showed that BIIO did not run in ¡ her Iruo form in tho" Metrop." Tho Prince of Wales was a very Jame afluir, the Duko of Athol going away with tho Jond and nuvcr boin^ caught. . 1 was glad to seo Mr Ruddie have a turn, but think Sato Dalrymplo would hare landed tho money had'sho como a : little sooner.Tho public made agreut '* pot" of Floronco for tho Prodtico Stakes, but sho had to give away 'lumps of weight, and tho bealing on tho previous day must havo done her no good. However, tho maro was not flt to run for straws, sho being ulUictcd, almost to madness, so I om told, with tho muludy pcculinr to mares, and sha was notable to run in anything like her Darby form; Endeavour and Challenger hud, a good finish for. first place,',but, tho former came, in first by . about a heed. [Humiliation would have been vory dangerous, but , alie, unfortunately fell., Her jockoy, Carter, was not hurt by i the rather hoary fall he got. Tho Sydney Handicap waa another 'surprise, the «inner turning up in Judge Cheeko'a Bawden. Tho chestnut ran a great race with Eli for about a mile and » quarter, when ho shook ctr Mr Hogin'a colt, who then died away. Bawden just beat Trump Curd, but had not thesaddloof tho lutter slipped, I boliovo ho would have, beaten- .tho judge's .horse. Holmes rodo "Tho Curd" Tory well, and deserved to win tho niue ; but no one was sorry to seo J ii rle, o Cheeko and his trainer hilve a turn. Tho Duke loosed very dangerous coming down tho straight, and ha finished a Tory good third. On tho fourth and last day, Amethyst once more carried home in front tho popular red und black of Mr Towns, and from tho way in which that gentleman's fillies ran during tho meeting, a groat many persons believe that ono of them would have won tho Dorby, had they been in the race. A lot of duffers started in tho Grand. Stand Flöte,: and tho public picked on The Spy as, thobeat goods," - Howovor, Argyle carno well at the right end, und snatched .the viotory out of the grasp of Mr Harvey's horse. Vauban made a great run ut the turn for homo, but un- fortunately fell i I arri strongly of opinion that ho would havo appropriated tho stakes. The Quack beat Austra- lian Bunk lifter Bomo troublo for third placo, and the once " coming horse,",Marksman, finished fifth. It was any odds on Trump Card for tho "Wuvorley, mid tho publio thought so too, ns they backed him pretty freely at even money. ' Passing -CUUB'S, however, he was iioo longths behind everything, and Donnelly whipping, which made things look rather " unsettled" for his backers. Evidently tho "cousin to Blue Go»n" likes n little rousing, as ho oaino through his horses like a shot, and could havo made any post the winning one, and he carno in an easy winner. Amethyst, who was pulled out for tho second time, finished second, and Tho Duke third ; Bawden'a chance was completely put out by tho 121b ponalty ho carried ; but tho little horse finished ii good fourth. Mr Tait sent his threo-year-old, Pyrrhus, to oppose Tim Whifilor for tho Bandwick Plate, but, of course, it was a " moral" for tho old horse, who had no difficulty in shaking off tho throo-year-old. There was a largo ontry for tho Forced Handicap, and it took tho handicappers no ond of timo to adjust the' weights, which, however, waro fixed in a very - nrtistio manner, producing a race, a worthy finale to a glorious meeting. Knizer, Kate Dalrymple, ond-Deooptiro ran a great raco, and tho former only won by a head ; but " Kate" must havo been tho winner, had it not been for her jockey, who tried tho game of coming up on thc inside once too often, and got carefully blocked tor his trouble. I havo now pretty well desoribed all tho leading incidents of tho luto meeting, which has been rathor a bad ono for somo af the bookmakers.:. Friday was the only good day they had ; but on tho last day, the backers had an ample revengo. AU the doubles-Amethyst and Trump were named ; as woll as tho trebblo-Amethyst, ¡Argyle and Trump Curd, Tho " ring" howovor, to a man mot their engagements, but so much cannot be, said of tho backers, who did not come forward, in anything like a satisfactory mannor. By tho way, I may say that tho road was in oxcollont order, and reflects every credit on the trustees, and when' I say that "tho course" was in splendid working order, and that tho officials of tho elub per- formed jheir various duties efficiently and well, I have Boid all that need be said about tho Randwick Spring Mooting of. 1870. 