TO THE MOST REV. DR. MANNING, ARCHBISHOP IN PARTIBUS. (Per favour of the Sydney Morning Herald.) MONSEIGNEUR,—My former letter appeared in Sydney on the very day of the first sessions of the Pan-Roman Sanhe- drim—a day much to be remembered, on many accounts, by myself. And yet the very expression Pan-Roman adrno- nishes me of the many prelates. and numerous nationalities that send no representatives t each Synod. And knowing as we all know, how largely the Latin element of many into and combined with the various languages of many nations using the Roman ritual and Latin forms of theo- logical expression, one might well pause and consider BoTnny Chris ian nations and miers in Europe and Asia rtsTnt themselves from this Synod of Rome, now in Kf Voi,nrEEfWrJaCdpropoBition was this :-.< You maintain IhaiitiBngodthmgVmento think as hoy like, and Xngatc what errors thoy please, by preaching. I Bay it Í'° Sw licrCBle« broadcast amongst the nations." What I said brit Hy, in answer to such third proposition of vow", on behalf of tho Roman Sovereign at tho Vatictn, ,u's contained in tho laBt parograpu. vNo. 3) of my former Idler. But before discussing your othor two proposition«, formally proclaimed at Kennington, it is nccossary that I fhould eny moro upon your third declaration in that articlo iMjdney Jiaald,8ih December, 1809.) Granting that it was a literary nversight-nn mtellcc tnal flip on your part- not to say whom you moant, as maintaining it to bo a matter of indifforenco what doctrinos wero preached or by what persona erroneous doctrines were propneated amongst the nations of men, I will take a "ooeitttc cosmopolitan viow of your theological /auxpat, and nik j ou hero one question : Did you moan that nil tho Christian miniBiry had betaken tnouiBclvcs to " heresies," or many of tho clorpty still holding intercommunion with (ho Seo of Romo Ï Not only havo 1 been pu/./.Icd and perplexed to understand your words-i, c, whom I ara to understand by " you maintain," upon the ono hand, and M hat persons aro " thráwing heresies broadcast amongst tho nations," on tho other hand,-that I feel bound to say, before proceeding further, you must havo greatly erred by supposing that tho Christian ministry throughout Europe aro indifferent and unconcerned abont orthodoxy. If none but Pío Nono per ionnllv, if only ho hiiMelf is concerned in tho correct, sure, »nd certain interpretation of God's Holy AVord, then, ob- viously, all the other members of tho Christian priostbood arc at liberty fo "Ecattor pearls before swino," or Bproad error« of nil kinds without ihoslightost compunction every- where, and ns heartlessly ns nthoiBtf, polythoists, pan- theists, or monotheisls (absolutely). But holding, as 1 do hold, and believing, ne I do boliovc, that nil the diacoaate, presbjleíate, and episcopate, throughout all tho earth, malo up tho cno Christian priesthood, and that whercvor either of theso thrco orders of clergy is nonexistent, there cannot bo any truly and rightly constituted Christian Church, and whilst objecting ii» liminc to your assertion of tueh n general degenerncy of doctrino " amongst tho nations" of Europe and Asia (I havo concluded you moan), let mo pass on now to your next position, which is as follows : " You say 1 havo no authority over nil Christen- dom ; whilst I claim, na tho A'icar of tho Good Shepherd, to bo supreme interpreter of tho Christian beliof." i. Once moto, I must again complain of thoindollnitenoss of your terms of expression ; ond as tho exponent of tho " ¡Supremo Interpreter," you muBt pardon mo should I appear rather rugged in my criticism of this fourth propo- sition of ysurs. i «. Let mo tako tho last point first of all. Does"Jiyw»ie hero mean top-man, chief of all thß interpreters ; or what docs it mean't For discussion Bake, and to smooth the way to on intclligiblo issue, personally I havo no objection to allow a claim of his Holiness to bo chief patriarch of the Western nations (supposing that the tenants of the other patriarchal sees in tho AVefit were willing to.allow it) ; but ii tho word " supreme" means moro than.that, if it moans fhot the inteiprctation of God's 'Holy Word rests wholly, solely, and entirely, n/fii mente, with tho lofty intellect of each occupant of St. Peter's Chair,-and in particular with Ibnt of his HolineBS Tia Kono,-l very groatly think tuen claim will demand very strong evidence, before all the other members of the Christian priesthood will " bow the Anec" toit. b. 1 will not burthen this letter with book-rjuotitionB from early authors, Bat I will oxtraot from Catholic and Apostolic decrees, in evidence of the erroneous and heterodox assertions heio mado by yourself. Apostolical canons V. and VI. : " Let not a bishop, n presbyter, or n denton put away bia wife, under pretende of religion ; and ' if he jut her away, let him bo excommunicated-and if no pcrt-isr, let him bo deposed. Lot nat a bishop, a presbyter, or n deacon, undtrtako worldly bUBincs?, otherwise lot him beilepoFcd." Again, canon IX : "All tho faithful who come »nd hear the Scriptures, but do not stay for prajeis und for holy communion, aro lo bb excommunicated, as causing dis- order in the church." Also, canon XXX : " If any bishop obtain possession of any chtrch by aid of the temporal powers lot him bo deposed and excommunicated, nnd nil who comniunicato with such bishop." Again, cinon XXXI : "if any presbyter, despising his own bUhop, shall collect n separata congregation and build another' altar, not having gromuh for condemning his bishop, with retard to justico or religion, let him be deposed ior his ambition." And, canon LVIII : " If any bishop or any presbyter needed tho clergy or tho laity, and doth not imltutt them in tho way of Godliness, let him be excom- municated, and if he persist in his idleness and negligenco, let him be deposed." I could produco at any time, and on. demandj at the least two hundred good Catholic nnd Apostolic canons to tho same effect and unerring purport, viz. : That every presbj tor has nn inherent nnd nn inalienable right, in virtue of his order, to be an " Interpreter of tho Christian belief." nil of which is contained in, or deduced from, truly canoni- - cal Scriptures ; but ? if' Pío A'oiio in our day alone has a pc> \onal right to interpret-if you moan that whut tho .Bishop of Borne affirms to be trno is alone truth-then the e-nrly Catholic decrees nnd Apostoliool constitutions cannot have been given by the Holy Ghost : is that your faith ?. Do you believe that J'io Xoilo alone is filled with the Holy GboBt ; nlcno and wholly infalliblo in interpretation, nnd that all othor member« of (he Christian priesthood, ns well of the Epi6Copato es of the Presbytorate, aro not to be believed by the faithful ; and for why ï Recauso thoy have not the sure guidanco of the Holy Ghost ? Is that what you mi nn by "Supreme Interpreta "of tho Christian Faith P Is that what you mean by his being a Vicar of the Good Shepherd!" Every priest and every prolate is a vicar of Christ J tsue, OB it is written : " God hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation : «? * and hath committed io us the word of reconciliation. Now, then, werne ambassadors for Christ, ns though God did beseech you by us : wo pray . you, in Christ's stead," i.e., as HU vicar?, "bo yo reconciled to God. ' AA'hat eny you. and manv moro to that Scrip- ture f Paul and Timothy.were the "Vicars of Christ, nnd the Ambassadors who delivered that opiado from heaven to the Church of; Corinth in Achaia ; what say vou to that Monseigneur? i AU the olders of tho Church uro the VICU-B of Christ,-tho great shepherd, as woll as the good shop heid of the flock of God ; which Ho redeemed and purchased with Bis own blood, lihcd upon the Altar of Calvary,' a vicarious sacrifice. «>. Your fifih proposition is, if anything, moro cioudy and obscure than either of the four already discussed : and it is to bo wished that j ou were most, wrongly reported to have pronounced as follows, at Kensington:-"7«j'« has made me not su/u'ect to any man on oaiih, King or other- wise; and I say that I am liberated from all subjection1 to civil i uhrs." Let us discuss Ibis .port-on of your position in the first plnco: for Jesus himself became subject ¡to " civil ruléis." I First of oil, if such words mean tho same as, " By me, kings reign, nnd princes decree justice," such is a Bimplo theological verity (I speak it reverently). AVhen tho college of cardinal prelates and laics elected ono of them- selves to bo King and Bishop.of Romo, nccording to Iho constitutional custom of tho Romagneso, of course Doctor Gnnganoli was duly elected Xo thö Throne and ScBof Rome. And as " Sovereign " of thoRomngnan duchy and princi- pality, he (Pius IX) roigns'supreuie, equally as does Victoria our Queon, by hereditaryi and by constitutional oustom | of gencrol hereditary succession. But that is not your mean ing ; you menn here moro than that ; but 'whoro are vour »roofs?/ AVhat can you givo to mo aa evidence that the .Lord Jesus eared heretofore, upon fho doctor.'« election) to' the Throne and Court of tho Vatican Palace, one iota IRVO ' tfianthoLord.JeBus cared heretofore on the succcssionTof the good Pnncess Victoria to-tho Throno andCourtidf, bt. JnincB s.' England. " By me, kings and princes reign,1' and decree justice," is as equally appliciblo to the sovereign lady jn London as io the sovereign lord in Romo-unltss you mean to deny tho divinity of Jesus, and to say Solomon . the king never meant thal Scripture to npply to a Sjn of David not como into the world. Either Jesus is inca! nato Jueity, or He is a mero man ; and if tho lattor, thon Jesus uns no power to make any man king, whether nt Jeru- salem, .Home, leddo, Ispahan, or anywhere oleo. 1 *. In the next place, and historically speaking, it is T?Z»CC"D /i" .6Pe"knîn11 of tho, sovereignty and court of Jtome as derivative from Jeaus. ab foti io. Such "BOVC wiflf ^Ww^Y11.? h.as "° rt,kt!i>" t0> or connection «WÏA ÍB£' JÜUT*ave TT road my essay upon bÄ Ä. /'0,a í"aU8,í0 °>» 2,°' Ino Roman See. AVas either,of those prelates nroviri f° nT ,Lord °.f olJ Komo md its «iburfiicarian province ? Certainly not. From Pius I. to Antcros wero P ehtTcroÄ ¥ 'h° ?C° °rf Komo < ^ereany of tho suburoln^11011 ?0Ve.TO1(?n Lor(1n of old Homo and its ST prounco Certainly not. From Antcros to . ürBuburW?"l,rT(bl-ll0p9 of tho Romiln Church and «rpiM"" iaïiiïllt0llMi waa either one of those nino onl manÄd KÍDg °t ßom') f MoBt Mr'a¡Hly T i ¿°t kurt na WA6 BEVeU nnd twûn,>' (mA m many îong years been hist discussed and found void oí'we "ht-utterl J incorrect. On behalf of Pió Nono you have"pranouS »nd proclaimed thus:-" You tell mo that I ought w S ¿Vlf arid in Í? y ' T ,- wheroBB. on Christ's li' ann, «na in.Jlis name, I ela m not to bo aubieetto an» Ä " l'à^î t0 «î«« KtaB of kingvaiid Lord " Slv ti, v?} ThcrV^? Emporw of Siam nn£ pro «""Wj, itt Euteror of China, claims such title of honour; it WOB tho common tillo amongst tho Assyrians, Baby- lonians Persians, and other Oriental nations, whilst thoy wcro polytheists and worshippers of idols (falso godai ; but it ia a sorrowful and lamentable thing to find any Christian man thus arrogating to himBolf a powor and a titlo tho peculiar property of our Ood ' Somo emperor* of Old Rome were defied, and claimed to be Theun Epi Gaion in practice, but, if Christ alone is the incarnate Deity—if He alone is eternal, immortal, in- visible, and ubiquitous King of all the earth, then let us ung His praises with understanding, nnd not give tho honour duo only to Him, or pay adoration on earth to any other than Jesus " All men should honour the Son, even as thej honour tho rather, " not being misled by Bitch flckle and dubious terms as lal) cue, hypo ditlia, iracl dutia That " all kings should bow down to Jesus, and all nations do Him worship," is agreeable to sound doctrino, but that Sctjpluro includes Pío Nono himself, ho being n "sovereign lord," and does not excludo him from tho latreta, which ho should pay to God, and not receive himself I do not say nnything biro about tho chairing and tho adoration given lo Pío Nono upon his own election as King and Lord and Bishop e.f Rome. As long as tho Romans aro willing to gi\o Divino honours to any living man on oarth, no alien peoplo should interfere with them or impedo thcui, but when thoy ariso nnd say-Victor Fnimnnuel shall bo the sovereign lord and king, and our bishop shall no moro keep a court, nn army, a lleot, or receivo ambassadors fiom other "temporal" powiTs and " secular ' prinecp, it is a grievous broach of nntional freo dom to eompel them to disown tho King of Italy. Inter- national laws demand absoluto neutrality in such a case , nnd to forco back Pío Nono, and compel tho Romagneso to nccivo again their bishop OB their king, or submit to bo bajenettcd by 1 ranch troops, was most inglorious for the Emperor Napoleon, nnd an uncinonitil uct, as conlrary to tho popular will "Tho tem- poral power" is expi(«slj reacted and excluded by thnt Apostolical canon \\\\\ , quoted above, « jorlioii, by how much moro censurable nnd blnmowerihy must tho conduot of tbo ninth Pius have been then, when ho ro covc-ied principality, bishopric, cathedral ohuroh, nnd Vatican paln"o, " by aid" only of Nap leon III * and for Low nisny jears ten thousand Btrango Frenchmen havo Ktpt Pío Non» in Rome, I need not mention accurately iMicioforel add in conclusion, that as you appoir lo have avoided interpretations of any isolated texts of tho New Covenant Oracles, so bnvo 1, as you regard tho Sjllnbus merely like a call to the Synod, and nn invi ation to nil nations, to " bow tho kneo and bend tho hoad " to P10 Nono-being (you saj) subject, and inferior to nono upon earth-I havo only to add that martyrdom would never havo been the glorious end of any of the 1 ishops in old Rome, had they been " lemporal " princes like Pio Nono. And martyrdom can never be the glorious end of nny successor to tho Seo of Romo, unless tho "temporal sovereignty" of that Seo bo cxtinguiihod Let Pió Nono now lay down his " temporal" principality, and then united Christendom und united Italy need not bo v orv far removed either ono f re m tho othor For whv J Then Pió Nono would himself obej tho Apostolical canon VI , and not "undertake worldly business ' Then he would enforce the apocalyptic mandates in chap. xix 10 v., and txii 'J v Simdoulos son eimi- See thou do it not, I am tby fellow Eorvant * * Only worship God-proiliimeioiu And, again, then ho would follow tho pious conduct of that great Ambas iador of God, and proclaim to all tho Italians, na WHS originally proclaimed to one Italian by Simon Peter rail not djwn m the streets to worship me, Tiwi (pi tous pidcus, pt os-JI uitcien, ns Cornelius did to Barionuh, but '* Stand up, for J injBelf also am a man " Whereby all Italy might learn not only to Buffer hko Christ Jesu», but aleo to be and to livo like Christians And surely that is worth the doing and tho snciifir-e, according loth J canons I have quoted binding upon Christians. Monseigneur, yours very truly, DANIEL P. M. HULBERT. Clinton Cottage, Goulburn, N. S. Wales. [ We beg very respectfully to suggest that these topics are hardly fitted for discussion in a colonial and commercial journal. Our friend, the editor of the Australian Church- man, would doubtless rejoice in publishing Mr, Hulbert's* instructive letters.—ED.] 