EHESHABWELLS OF KABY Chaftee XV11L— A Lettkb Concerning Miss Uabltk. MartStadweli knew that Sir Boke Wycherly had ? sly taste for satire, and lie had no fanoy to figure more amusingly than he could help in the pleasant stories he was sure to tell of his visit to Eaby. With therefore as much activity as a proud man might, and with some grumbling and eoine sneering, he pushed on preparations for the reception of tiiis kinsman, whom, his talk. The evening ufter his moonlit walk a letter reached him from Sirlloke. It terminated suspense as to the reality of his intentions, by fixing a day for his arrivhL He had begun to think that something had happened to change Sir lioke's plans. He had been better pleased that his pride would allow Mm to confess to any one, that there was f chance of escaping this visit altogether, and had the letter been one to tell him that on a certain day an execution would be in his house, it could hardly have left, for some minutes after its perusal, a more disagreeable impression. 'That mad fellow, Carmel, has made me as nervous as a sick old woman with his croaking. That comes of living in a solitude, with no one but rabbits and women and madmen to talk to. What the devil can it signify whether Koke Vycherly comes or no? He's not a ghost, or an evil spirit, or even a conjuror ; a common place fellow, with nothing in him but money and sel fishness. 'Well, he says he'll come— and so he will, and he'll go— and there's an end.' And thus framing his mental protest against the auguries of Cai-mel Sherlock, he rose from his chair, and thrust Sir Roke's letter into his pocket, with, con tempt in his countenance, and an odd misgiving at his heart. There was among the letters on this occasion a French one, addressed in a little round hand, and with very florid capitals, to ' Madame ShadweU,' which Hark i . _,_ il. _ 151 ? l ? ril. ? r, ? »i. i? ? «? __. _? ? z-ook iae uoezry, wimout uesji&ricn;, or opening It was from the principal of the French school, and concerned Miss Marlyn. 'My secretary, by Jove ! Let us see. ' And thus saying, with an altered countenance, he drew near the window and read. He now recollected that his wife's application to the mistress of the boarding-school, for information respect ing the young lady's qualifications, had been only pro visionally answered by a sort of deputy, who had spoken in the highest terms of her. Mark scanned this supple mental letter with a keen curiosity. The principal of the establishment had been absent for some time, it seemed in consequence of ill-health at Vichy. She apologized for the long delay, and pro ceeded to answer Madame ShadwelTs inquiries, oneby one. It struck him that tliis letter was much colder, and moie guarded, than that which had come from Madame de la Terrierc's representative. With respect to intel ligence and accomplishments, indeed, it spoke of her much in the same strain ; but with regard to those moral qualities about which inquiry had been made, there was a kind of reserve that rather piqued than alarmed his curiosity. Madame de la Ferriere had nothing to censure in the morals of Mademoiselle Agnes Marlyii, and, though she was still a very young per son, she trusted that in her new situation she would be steady, and approve herself worthy of confidence. As to whether Mademoiselle Agnes Mailyu was likely to grow weary of her present position in consequence of its solitude, she did not feel herself competent to pro nounce. But for a person ao young as mademoiselle, she thought a Becludcd place much more desirable than one of a different stamp, and would certainly advise no VAAlvuig MX uvuu ? '' ? iaj nut: ( U1CS VI 1JCJ J L31UU1JUL! in Madame Shadwell's house. And she thought that madaine would find that the accustomed quietude of her daily life would conduce to the young lady's effi ciency in her situation. He read these passages several times over. He could detect nothing positive in them. Their tone, how ever, persuaded him, that Miss Agnes hud required a stiff rein while under Madame de la Perriere'B authority. ' Hut thon she says nhe has nothing to censure. The pretty rogue has been just wild enough to cause uneasi ness, and there she was pulled up. I'll go into the school-room and talk to her a bit.' So resolved BIr. Sluulivell, and entering that room, found Miss Marlyn alone at her desk. The young laiy rose as he entered, and laid down her pen. ' Dear me ! what a reverential courtesy '.' said he laughing. ' AVhat has become of Kachel »'' ' Mrs. ShadweU sent for her. Shall I call her :' said the young lady, with another little reverence, and moving toward the door. 'On no account,' he replied. 'I don't require to look at that great girl to be reminded how old I am, and I am not so often favoured with a ttk-a-tete, thut I should wish to cut it short in a moment. Sir Kokc Wycherly's coming. We are quite sure of him at last. He'll be here on Monday. That's my first bit of news ; and the next is— I fear you were rather a wild little woman at school, for I've got a letter in my pocket that tells all sorts of fibs. It comes from Madame dc la Pcrrierc. I'll only tell you, it's by no means so good as the note we had, eight weeks ago, from Mademoiselle au (jiurtelet. 1 in telling you the truth, upon my honour ; and I'll leave you till to-morrow to guess what's in it.' As he spoke mademoiselle bluBhcd, and for a few seconds her colour grew more and wore intense aud then suddenly it waned. She became so pale that Mr. Shadwell half repeuted his jocular experiment. He could not tell whether she was nervous only or angry, or very much frightened. Her eyes were fixed on his with a gaze that looked almost hag gard. ^ ' Come, you pretty little scape-grace, you must tell ;me honestly the entire history of your school adventures. Mind, I am your confessor— tell the whole truth, and upon my honour I'U give you absolution.' She dropped her eyes, aud looked much more like herself. 'I may have enemies, sir -it is_ possible ; but my conduct has been always irreproachable. If there bo mahce, Idefy it's worst. Madame de la Perriero can testify of my conduct if she will. It is terrible to have to assert of one's self those things which are taken for granted of all ladies. I am a child of calamity— an orphan— in some measure, always at the mercy of my employers ; but powerless and unhappy as I am, I have yet some rights, and one of them is, that of hearing distinctly whatever may have been urged by another to myprejudico. Only tell me what it is, and I pledge my life I refute it. Have I not, sir, a right to hear mv accusation ?' ?'Why, see where you're running to, you little madcap ! Who on earth talked of accusation ? I assure you there is nothing of the kind,' said Shad ' You did, sir,' replied the young lady, in a clear and rather bitter tone. 'If you did not use the word accusation, you conveyed it. You said that falsehoods had been written of me.' 'Did I? By Jove! I believe I did; but you might have guess«d by my manner that I was not serious.' ' I did not gness, sir,' said the young lady oi'JBy«oroi: *Y*, awfuUy offended,' thought Mark buadwell, who had expected quite different relations to arise on this little conference. Miss Agues Marlyn held the higher ground, and he was actually apolo gizing. l ' Well, I'U tell you exactly the truth, and you'll see how mere a nothing it really is, and you mustu't be vexed with me though it was very stupid jesting as I did. I had a letter from Madame do la PerriereT as I said, and I fancied it a little cold-that's all. I do assure you there isnot a single story or complaint in the entire rigmarole; but there is what I said- it's cold, and for that reason I shan't mention it to a human being but yourself, and I'm sure you'll not be vexed with me for telling you?1' There was a little silence here. ' I knew you wouldn't— I knew it.' He touched the back of her slender hand as he spoke; it was almost a caress. I' There now, she's a reasonable child. She's not going to be one of my troubles. ' H* raised her hand and pressed it for a moment We are good friends again, aren't we?' he said in a low tone. 'y°u «™ JOT 6--od to me, Mr. Shadwell,' eh said, after a little pause ; ' but I've just been think ing that I had better resign my situation here ™ P- elsewhere. May I say so to Mis. Shad 'Why, what on earth can you mean? Go away ? By Jove ! wouldn't that measure be rather sharp aud short ?' said Mr. ShadweU rather aghast. ' J '» ™' J;011 did not mean to insult me, Mr. me has been shaken by that letter of Madame dc la Piirnere, cud Miss Marlyn. ' I know well what pain rt will cost me to leave Baby ; but suffering is not new to me. M^'oi?11?5 i?djr BP°kewitl1 a decision that alarmed Mark SnadwelL ' You'd hardly use me so iU as that,' remonstrated he. ' If I conveyed anything like what you say rm Tpry aorry^and do believe me, I never iutcnaidit lou mnsttay me a little longer. It was very thoucht Je«s of me to mention tho letter. I remember when I used to care about what people sai.l : I don't now. I've felt nervous myself when I thought stories were told of me — I mean lies, of course.' * ?^try ono1h?8 enemies-very few have friends ' said the young lady. 'I lost my mother very young ; when I lost my fatter I was fourteen years old.' Miss Agnes Marlyn was speaking as it were in a melancholy dream, and you would not have supposed that she was consciousof another person's presence. 'Madame dc hi IWre found herself in charge of an unfriended orphan. I have laboured to requite her kindness I have much more than repaid her. It is not her fault she cannot help it-that she can attach herself to none SLS6?1' °v uf *?*»*? l haTe ne'ter-^f course she speaks coldly of me. ' But I told you, that letter is our little secret, yours and mine— not a soul elso shall ever hear of it ; and I give you my honour I never for a.moment attached the slightest importance to it. And I beg your pardon for having named it to you.' Miss Marlyn looked at him for a moment with eyes very grateful and humble, and said— ' You are too good to me, Mr. Shadwell.' ' Don't Bay that, now ; make trial of me first, and then pronounce whether I -wish to serve you,' he answered, in a low tone, and accompanied his words with that fierce and handsome smile which showed his small white teeth. Then he left the room, and Miss Slarlyzi looked for a moment sternly on the oak door through which he had passed, listening, and quickly shut and locked up the desk at which she had been writing. Then standing with her finger to her lip, she listened for a while, and hiving thought a little, she hurriedly re- opened her desk and tore up the letter she had only an hour ago elaborately written, and with a match set fire to the fragments on the hob, and saw the last spark out. Notwithstanding the confidence she always professed in her Kaby friends, this young lady's ways, I think, were cautious and secret. Chaptek XIX. — Fiddle and Thunoeb. A thunder-storm that evening came down over the distant forest of Hazleden, over the old manor and woodbinds of Wynderfcl, and down the wUd slopes and brakes of the neglected park of Kaby. It was to the music of the distant thunder that Miss Marlyn, stand ing at the window of the school-room, read a very short note which had come with the other letters in the Baby post-bag from the village. Whatever indecision she may have experienced about her other correspondence, there was none about this She glanced at the little cloak over the mantel-piece — ' she had only time to trace a few hurried lines in reply, . which accomplished, Miss Agnes with a light and swift tread, and carrying her little desk, which never left her bedroom but in her own company, put on her humble little dark-grey cloak and black hat, and glided along tho gallery without meeting any one, and down the great staircase. She was just entering the vestibule when a side-door opened, and she was encountered by the last person in the world whom she would have liked to meet. 'Going out?'1 exclaimed Mr. ShadweU with a look of biich honest astonishmentas made her feel howncces sary an explanation was. ' Going out! Have you quite lost your little head? What do think of that '!' The question followed a brilliant flash of lightening. ' And do you hear that?' he added, as the nearer thunder roUed over their heads. ' It is very foolish,' she said, with a deprecatory little laugh. 'I delight so in thundcrand lightening ; is anything so magnificent?'' 'That's all very fine, but Farmer Dobbs down there had two cows killed by lightening last year— besides, don't you see the rain '!' He had opened the hall-door a little, and some heavy drops had already fallen on the steps, ' The rain ! Oh yes, indeed !' she said. 'Bather a damper, I should say,' suggested he. She laughed again. 'Then I suppose Tin not to go out— absolutely?' ' Certainly not,' he replied, lifting his finger; I'm very angry at hour having thought of such folly'— he was speaking iu a low tone and with ti smile, ' but naughty as you are, I can't bear to kiU J'ou quite. I won't allow you to kiU yourself ; I reaUy can't make up my mind to loose my secretary so soon. ' ' WeU,'' she said, laughing again, ' I must only look from a window high and dry, with the fato of Farmer Dobbs' cows before my eyes. Oh, how grand !' She paused, as indeed he did, while this new peal ran over their heads, and spread and rebounded among the hills. 'How awful and glorious !' she murmured. when it was over, ' Can we wonder .it its being taken for the voice of God ?' 'And the moon fora green cheese, aud the Pope for an oracle, and an electric crack for a verso in the ISible. I never wonder at any absurdity. None of your heroics with me, you little rogue ; and, with a laugh, he drew Iwck into his room, and closed the door. On the stair Miss Blnrlyn paused with a changed countenance. She was terribly in earnest about the short letter which was to travel by that night's post. It must go. She would have walked twenty miles through the thunder-storm to post it. She could have walked down now, and passed on her way through the other door to the town ; but, coming or going, she was sure to be observed. She must lay her account, with Mr. Shad mcITs hearing of it. What would lie think ? She nnnlfl lim-« fiooilir finiifiatrenrl lmv fnllv nml nlrtnd^rl lm¥ girlish Quixotism, had it not been for the unlucky ren contre at the hall door. He was Bhrewd and suspici ous, she intuitively felt, where feminine motive was concerned. Henceforward, were she now to go, he would watch her with au eye of scrutiny and doubt. That would never do. Siie looked at her little silver watch, a present from a proiligal English bagman, au adorer. It was stiU reliable, having hardly ontercd on its second year. Tune pressed. She dared not ask a servant, The antipathy of that race to the governess order was against it, and she had made no confidence among them yet. The old panel oak clock, with four-glasses nud scythes, and bald Father Time, with his forelock, and the hours carved in bold relief, was ticking stolidly above her at the stair-head. Four minutes faster than her new silver watch was this grim old monster. It was distracting. Suddenly she remembered Carmel Sherlock. During the mouths she had been living here she had hardly spoken fifty words to that queer shy person ; and yet she trusted him thoroughly, though, meta pnyAicauy, sac treated nun as an enigma not «*ortn studying. Iu another minute she was at his chamber door and knocked. There was a quailing and wailing of the precious Straduarius going on within, an odd accom paniment to the thunder-storm without, which pre vented her first and second summons from beinc heard. At the third, the fiddle suddenly was mute, and Carmel ?Sherlock, with the instrument under his arm, stood pale and amazed in the half -open doorway, aud gazed in the face of the handsome girl from under his black elf locks. Without ceremony, Miss Agues Marlyn entered, aud shut the door. ' Can you get away down to the town, and nobody see you ?' demanded the young lady hurriedly. 'Ay, to the town? Pray sit down, Miss Mcrlynj this in a great honour,' replied Carmel Sherlock. 'Thanks, no; I'U stand please. I've come to ask a great favour : nnd if done at all, it must be done quickly. It's just what I said, that you'll go down to the town for me this minute : can you, Mr, Sher lock?' ' Surely — yes — who's iU ? — who?' said he anxiously. 'No one— it's to oblige me — a great obligation Mr. Sherlock - you must promise to mention it to no one.' ' Ay ? how ? What am I to promise ?' 'Secrecy,' she answered, 'only that. It's the merest trifle— next to nothing— only to go down to the village. I would do it myself — I was going — but there's a difficulty.' ' Afraid of that ?' said Sherlock, pointing up with an odd smile, as the blue glare of the lightening, fol lowed by the reverbration of the thunder, startled hor again. ' Not afraid of that; I was going, but was prevented by an accident. I feel, Mr. Mr. Sherlock, that I can trust you. Will you accept my confidence, and do me that great service at a very trifling cost— the walk to the village ? I am sorry it's raining.' ' I'U go, yes— oh dear, yes !' ' And pronu'Be, upon your honour, never to say what you did, nor that you went at my raquest— do you promise ?' As sho spoke, Miss Marlyn hud her hand upon his arm, and looked with a haggard entreaty into his eyes. The little chamber was darkened by the storm, and the successive flashes, as they talked, illuminated the stem features of the girl, and, in their livid light, bereft them of their colour. ' I do— oh yes certainly— upon my honour. I thank you, Miss Marlyn, for your confidence ; I do, and it is wise— truth lies at ^the bottom of a welL Tm very deep.' ' You are to put thiB in the post— that's all ;' and with these words she placed the letter in his hand. Setting it down upon the table, ' My God !' ho exclaimed, storing at it with a horror that made her begin to fear he might know more than she had suspected. ' What's the matter, sir!' said Miss Marlyn, a little fiercely, and turning very white. ' It's very odd— we were playing a fareweU ;' he spoke this to his fiddle, looking it grimly in tho face. ' It came {very freely — of itself, almost. It wasn't for nothing; it's aU a Bj'stem of echoes and reflec tions ; no power ever lost— every force made to exhaust its utmost value. You call it omens, I call it economy. And the letter— good God, ma'am !' Saying this he poked the Straduarins toward it, as if he expected to learn something of its spirit, through that semi- intelligent medium. ' There's tho letter— you've promised to post it- you may, of course, play mo fake —will you ? There's not one minute to lose, if you mean to keep }'our word.' ' Look there, nt that clock,' said he, nodding toward the dial of his Dutch clock ; ' it's right to the twentieth part of a second. I may stay here six minutes longer, and yet be in time to post it — but Til never post it, unless you first answer me a question.' ' Then, sir, you've deceived me, and I shall take my letter away,' said she loftily, extending her hand toward it. If she expected to change his purpose by tins appeal, she was mistaken. As a gigantic spider pounces on a fly, his lean hand seized the letter. 'Your letters become mine,' he said, with a cunning laugh, which gave place to an expression of savage menace, as he added, ' By Heaven ! it's mine, except on that condition. ' Miss Agnes Marlyn was now pretty well in a corner. 'I'm not going to put a pistol to my head for you Miss,' he said, wagging that head grimly, and he searched her with a suspicious glance. ' What do you mean, sir!' said the lady, firing into something like fury. 'How little I knew,' and as she spoke she stamped on the floor. ' What do I mean ?' he repeated. I mean that Kachel— SUbs Kachel ShadweU— wrote that letter ; and by Heaven! it's mine.' ' Miss Rachel Shadwell did not write a line of it. She does not know of its existence. I swear !' ' Who wrote it?' demanded he. ' I— upon my sacred honour, I !— there. I've placed myself in your bands ; you can't, in generosity — inxom- inon manhood, you can't betray me.' ' I won't betray you ! I believe what yon say— every face h glorified by truth — I saw truth in yours as you spoke— I was half mad ; no wonder.' Carmel Sherlock walked once or twice, with a kind of shudder, up and down his little chamber, and threw open his window and stood at it for two or three seconds. 'If I thought,' he said, returning suddenly to the table and eying her with new access of suspicion, 'that she was writing to that man to accept him for her hus band—that if, without her father's koowledgeor consent — Fd take my own course,' 'Young ladies, sir, don't do such things — it's simply impossible. You said, sir, you believed my word of honor. It was I who wrote the letter ; it concerns no member of this family but myself, and no other knows of its existence.' Carmel drew a deep breath of relief ; he looked up and then down, and stroked the back of his friendly Stra duarius, and ' Oh dear ! ' said he gently, with a smile. ' Miss Agnes Marlyn, you've wrung my heart. Only in a dream — only in a dream.' She looked uneasily at the clock. 'Two minutes still,' said he reading the dial. 'I won't fail you. F1I prove it— only not yet, for I intend to put myself in your power. ITl be to you transparent ! you shaU have my pure but dreadful secret. Im sure youaif good— beauty is the surface of goodness, and nature never lies.' Tenderly and reverently he replaced his beloved fiddle in itsJsirth. and whispered some words to it, she fancied, as he did so. 'And now,'' said he, as he took his coat and hat, 'not for this trifling service, and the secrecy I promise, but for aU I wiU yet do for you, and for the sake of humanity, you will share with me that lock of hair— I heard you tell her, on Thursday laBt, you wear it in your locket.' ' Itachel's ? yes ; here. Take it aU ; I can get more.' He took it to the window for a moment. ' Yes, it is -oh ! it is in my hand !' He gazed on it tU XV U*J Ul LUC kxVAXVn VI lliO JKUMJj WIVU Ul IIIWCUIUVIU rapture. ' Lie there —lie there— and oh ! Miss Marlyn, you'll speak tome of her sometime? you'U teU me about her when we moot ? Now I must go.' He was gone as he spoke ; and Miss Marlyn found herself alone in this odd little room, and bethought her how awkward it would be if any one — say, worst of all, Mrs. ShadweU— were to surprise her there. So, listening at the door, and hearing no stop near, she made her escape to her own room by a different route, and there, for' the first time, her agitations over, with the volabiUty that belongs to aU clever people, broke into laughter, peal after peal, over the ingenious con fessions of Carmel Sherlock, and the conquest of her unconscious pupil, who shared with his fiddle the mysterious devotions of Mr. Sherlock. Chapteb XX.— Sin Boke at Babt. On the night I am now going to speak about, there was a pleasant lire in the old-fashioned drawing-room of Kaby HaU, for a change had come, within the last day or two, in the weather, «nd the evenings were cold. The long suspense about the baronet's visit was ended. Sir Koke Wychcrly had arrived with his servants at twenty minutes past nine, and was now making his toilet. His host stood before the fire alone in the drawing-room, awaiting his appearance. M.-irk ShadweU's temper had not been pleasant nil that day. He looked round on the faded upholstery of the room with a sulky acerbity. He was angry with tho furniture, angrier with his guest. Few things could more gaUed his pride than to admin ister tho hospitalities of Baby to his cousin, Koke Wycherly. The door opened— Sir Roke entered. It was more than seven years since they last met. Ho saw a change iu his host, who saw probably a greater one in him. Sir Boke Wycherly entered smiling. He was tall ; he was lean ; he had an easy wig on — a wonderful deception — which, however, deceived few people ; his eyes had that peculiarr hageard character which I have seen in those of some proflgate men, showing cautiously whitened, I think, and was not there something odd — a little line of black, was it — under his eyelashes 1' altogether, in that long, and when you saw it near, shriveled face, an odious pink and white effein-'nacy prevailed. His dress^was quite unexcep tionable, with an air of quiet fashion. Paradoxically, the man of pleasure looked older, and the man of cares and discontent younger, than his years. 'Very glad to see you, Koko,' cried ShadweU, advancing with his best smile. ' Very welcome ; a great ninny years, hokc, since you've Been Here. ' A thousand thanks — don't remind me— a thousand thanks, dear Mark. I've heard of you very often in ny wanderings, though we don't write letters ; and you I dare say, have heard of me.' ' I never hear of any one ; I never see a human face. I take in one newspaper, and that's all my society, except the interesting inhabitants of this house ; so I confess I have not heard ; but I see ltoke, which in much better, and I'U not allow you to take the airs of an invalid.' Sir Eoke laughed, and Lowed a little, and shrugged and shook his head. ' I've had a shake or two though, but never mind; and do tell me, how is Amy ?' 'Wretchedly, always — miserably, poor thing ! other poor fellows' wives can give them a lift in country quar ters like these — play tunes, or talk or make tea, or play a rubber of backgammon, now and then— how charm ing you'll say— hut those gayetics arc for other houses ; poor Amy is not equal to any such exer tions.' 'But really ? Do you mean — ' began Sir Koke in a sympathetic key. 'I do indeed : she's a perfect martyr to Ul-health ; can't come down this evening to sec you.' ' How very sad ! and your daughter?' ' Oh, Rachel's as robust as you please ; she'll give us our tea juBt now, hope ; she ought to be here.' ' I've seen her, and she's so sweetly pretty,' said Sir Boke. ' Oh! met on the stairs,' suggested Mark. ' No ; in town, at a very old friend's old Lady Mary Temple's' he replied archly. ShadweU looked at him, thinking he or Kir Boko must be mad. Sir Boke lauched ouietlv. ' A carle de vititc — a photo— my dear Mark ; the prettiest thing I ever saw in my life almost ; you know what a whimsical fool I am when I take a fancy. I followed a cameo I saw at the Paris Exhibition to Florence — where they told me the feUow was who bought it — I did, upon my honour, and from that to Bouie, and back again to Paris, where I got it at last ; and, by Jove ! if that photograph had been taken from the cameo, or both from your daughter, my cousin Rachel, they could not have been more like ; and I should be ashamed to tell you— the confession's so ungracious— how much that cartt de vinte, and my restless curiosity, has had to do with my visit to Kaby.' They both laughed. There was a little vein of earnest in Eoko Wycheriey's jesting ; there was also, as ShadweU knew, a whimsicality in his fancies, and a pertinacity in their pursuit, of which he could him self have cited instances as eccentric as that of the cameo. ' I've reason to be obliged to her, however, though you mayn t, tor naving lea you to tins stupid oia puce, where there's next to no shooting but rabbitts, and almost no fishing at all, and, in fact, nothing bat air and landscape to offer.' 'So much the better : I neveifwas much of a shot, and I always hated fishing ; and if you had no need of both, I'm in no condition to try either at present. What I reaUy do enjoy and require is the perfect quiet you seem to dislike, a saunter in your park be was going to say a ride, but he hesitated, not knowing the state of Mark's stables), and the delight ful bracing air of these unbinds. It's devilish odd, Mark, but it's true, if you get a knock anywhere,' and he touched his waistcoat with his fingers, ' and begin to grow a bit hippish, you get a sort of liking for the old places, and for the old faces too, Mark ; I find it so.' And he smiled and shook his host's hands, promptly. I don't think he was quite lying when he said all this. There were bits of truth jumbled up in it ; and Mark ShadweU, who knew him well, began to think a little better of him, and to remember vaguely how characters are sometimes meUowed by time ; and not a romance, but a worldly castle-in-thc-air associated with this Boke Wycherly, very agreeably began to build itself up iu crimson and gold, as the clouds do in sunset ' Do you remember that thing from Horace— Quifit, Mcccaias, it begins — that I had to repeat at the end of the Christinas half, for old Beaks? I cant't get further now, but it means that every man quarrels with his own place in life, and envieB his neighbour's lot,'' said Sir Boke. 'Suppose we exchange, then?' said Mark, with a pleasantry that had something of a sneer in it. ' Store easily said than done, my dear Mark ; we flies don't get free of onr cobwebs so easily. There's BUU1C LIUtU, J. UUU veil JUU, II Uie UVbvUUl OK H1C CaUb about money and its cares : there is trouble about it By Jove, Mark, I often think I have too much of it ! ' Mark thought he could help him off with a part of his burden. (TO BE CONTTNUED.) Leave.— When Madge was a little girl, her father found her chubby little hands full of the blossoms of a beautiful tea-rose on which he had bestowed great care. — ' My dear, 'Jio said, 'didn't IteU yon not to pick one of those flowers without leave f'—' Yes, tapa, ' said Madge . innocently, ' but all these had leaves.' 