MR AKHURST'S BENEFIT. If a dramatic author may estimate the number of his friends from their attendance when he takes a benefit, Mr Akhurst must feel well pleased with the appearance of the Theatre Royal last night, on tbe occasion of his benefit. Each part of the house was fully patronised, though the night was not such a one as would be favor- able to drawing people from their own firesides. Mr Akhurst's dramatic productions, however, have acquired so much popularity in Ballarat that our townspeople were determined to give him a substantial mark of their esteem ere he sailed for England, and as he had selected a dra- matic entertainment for the purpose, they at- tended in goodly numbers at the Theatre Royal on the occasion. The members of the Ballarat Garrick Club and tbe ladies of the Theatre Royal (Melbourne) corps were equally earnest in the cause, consequently a very excellent entertain- ment was provided, and one which was full of variety and intellectual amusement. According to the bill the performances should have com- menced with the ghost scene from "Hamlet," but when the hour for opening arrived it was found that the requisite dresses had not come up from Melbourne. The dress for the Ghost had had come to hand, bu( the habiliments for Hamlet had somehow miscarried or had not been forwarded, so Mr W. M. Brown came before the curtain, apologised to the audience, and announced thit this portion of the programme would have to be omitted. The audience were by no means exacting, and a round of cheers convinced the beneficiare that he might safely rely upon their goodwill towards himself for this elimination. The performances then made a fair start with the first act from "The Octoroon," Miss Eloise Juno playing Zoe, Miss Frances Beutley, Dora Sunny- sides; Mrs Wooldridge, Mrs Peyton; Mr George Moore, Jacob McClosky; Mr Bardwell, Salem Scudder; Mr E. Jones, Old Sunnysides; Mr J. Bracher, Old Pete; Mr Dixon, George Peyton; and Mr Burrows, Wah-no-Tee. It is almost needless to state, after the very excellent manner in which nearly the same cast has supported these characters before on our stage, that they were admirably represented last night. The palm of the part, however, must be awarded to Mr George Moore, Mr Bardwell and Mr Bracher, the former for the natural and lifelike portraiture he gave of the villain of the piece, the next for the cool and determined attributes he infused into the part of the overseer, and the latter for the characteristic humor he displayed in his representation of the faithful old servant. The next item on the bill was a "musical interlude," in which Miss Amelia Bailey, of whose talents as a singer we have before spoken most favorably, sang several songs with excellent taste, so much so that the lady must have been somewhat wearied at last by the number of encores she had had to respond to. The gem of this portion of the entertainment was the ballad of "I'll follow thee," the effect of which was much heightened by tbe accompaniment of the Band of tbe 1st B.V.R. From music, the company passed again to tbe drama, and presented the first act of " The Heir at Law," the characters being supported as follows: — Lord Duberly, Mr E. Jones ; Lady Duberly, Mrs Wooldridge; and Dr Pangloss, Mr G. Moore, who exhibits a special aptitude for this class of characters, and who acquitted himself last night in the part of the doctor with his usual spirit and regard for artistic effect. At the conclusion of this item on the hill, Mr Akhurst was loudly called before the curtain and shortly made his appearance, which was the signal for renewed applause. The cheer- ing over, Mr Akhurst thanked the audience for their attendance and the cordiality of his recep- tion, which he would accept as proof of the popu- larity of his productions in Ballarat. (Cheers.) He had scarcely expected to find so large an attendance as the notice given of the performance had been very short, and his productions were not so well known in Ballarat as in Melbourne. He was about to sail for England by the Kent, which would leave the colony on the 14th. His object in going to the mother country was to produce tbe " Siege ot Troy " there. He would take care that a panorama of the colony was introduced into it, and in the painting of this panorama he would see that Ballarat was not omitted. (Cheers.) He would be acting as an immigration agent by really illustrating what Victoria is made of. He had intended to write an address for the occasion of his benefit in Ballarat, but had altered his mind, partly because he was what is termed on the stage " a bad study," and partly because he thought a few impromptu words coming from the heart, as his thanks really did, would prove more acceptable than a studied speech. (Cheers.) Mr Akhurst then repeated his thanks and retired behind the cur- tain amid loud applause. Tbe performances were brought to a close with the comedy of " Time Tries All," in which Miss Eloise Juno played the part of Laura Leeson witb admirable taste and effect. The remainder of the cast was supported by Mr E. Jones as Matthew Leeson, Mr G. Moore as Matthew Bates, Mr L. M. Davis as Tom Tact, who played most humorously, Mr Bracher as the hon. George Augustus Colander Yawn, who was immense in both dress and delivery, Mr Dixon as Charles Clinton, and Miss Bentley as Fanny Fact. It only remains for us to note that the band of the 1st B.V.R. attended and played through the town previous to the performances commencing, before closing our notice of one of the most successful and laudable entertainments ever given in our theatre. A reference to our advertising columns will show that Mr Akhurst has taken the most public means available for thanking the ladies and gentlemen wbo performed last night, and who in every instance did so gra- tuitously, owing to tbe respect in which they all hold the beneficiare. If Mr Akhnrst makes as many friends in England, when he reaches there, as he has secured in Ballarat and Melbourne, his visit to the mother country will not be without personal profit, and many other equally pleasant reminiscences of the journey. 