Aquatics. Coming Events. Pnnce Alfred Yacht Club Evolution Cruise— To-day. Pyrmont Regatta — October 29. Fagan v. Bullivant — Sculler's Hace— November 5. Balmain Repatta — November 9. P. A. Y. C. Handicap Race — November 13. Hiekcy r. Rush— Sculler's Eace for Championship — November 19. The Taananian crew have arrived in good time to go into active work for tbe champion prize offered by the Balmain Regatta Committee, and arc now located at the North Shore under the care of Mr. W. Dind, jun., who is also a native of the tight little island, and a good man to post the strangers in anv little mutters connected with muline in Sydney harbour. Ihey have been made honorary mem bers of the' Sydney Rowing Club, arid will receive all the consideration due to their position. The club crews arc in steady training for the eame race. Fitzbardingc's crew are having the lightest of the Melbourne gigs altered for themselves, and are considered to have a fair chance of getting a place. Tbe River men do their sixteen miles regularly every day, and Garvan's crew arc said to be egually fit. We think that the repre sentative crew of theS. R. C. hold the latter pretty safe, and that Barton's crew are likely to give them more trouble to beat if their new gig is what Langford expects- to supply them with. It is a pity that a city boasting of so many clubs as Melbourne could not find one crew out of the lot to do battle f 01 Victoria and retrieve the laurels they lost on the Farramatta River when they last visited Sydney. - Hickey and Rush have not done much work up to the present, but there is plenty of time during the next five weeks. Rush has so many admirers that the betting is already considerably in his favour. A match was made on Monday, night between Fagan and 1 Bullivant, to pull in light skiffs on November 5, for £10 a \- side. The usual Cockle Bay course, from Pyrmont bridge sound Goat Island and back. Langford has completed Mr. Howell's new yacht which will be known as the Orpheus, and will make her debut at the Balmain regatta, with a crack crew. We regret to find that -the-feEt'Tand' second dap& yacht races have fallen through for want of entries. . There were none for the first class match, and only Nereid and Pert for the second. This being the case it will be for the committee to make other ari&Bgonmts; for sailing matches. We venture to sug gest that there should be two handicap races, one for. all yachts of 10 tons and upwards, the other for yachts belsw 10 tons, and that in each match there be two prizes of eqnal amount — one for the winner by handicap time, the other by time for tonnage. This plan we suggested at the opening of last season as likely to remove the objection against handicap races. Theyachtingseason of 1870-71 was inaugurated onSatur day last, by the opening cruke of the Prince Alfreds. The soon after Commodore Hanks hoisted his pennant for the day on board Mr. Strickland's Pomona, Orders to get underway and follow in. line were then given, and the squadron stretched down harbour with a fresh south-east breeze, Pomona leading,, followed by Foam, Eva, Scud, Torment, and Psyche. The flagship's helm was put down off Garden Island, and Hie other yachts tacking in succes sion, at the came point sheets were eased off.' All passed close under the stern olH. M. S. Clio, saluting Commodore Stirling's pennant as. they ran by, and stood away for Farramatta River. 'When abreast of the Cove, Ixion joined and took her, place in line. Orders to tack were given in Snail's Bay and promptly responded to, after which Pomona resumed her course for Cockatoo. After passing dose to ' the Fitzroy Bock, where the ship which the Royal patron, of the club commands -was 'saluted, evolution signal. 62 (form two lines astern 01 divii£ipnal jppforft) was mad&v; The Vice-Commodore headed the port division, if olio-wed by Scud and Pyeche — Evo, Ixion, _-aod Torment forming the starboard line, with Pomona in the centre. These positions were maintained for three Boards, which brought the leaders to Goat Island Feint, where a single line was resumed, and maintained round theisknd to Snail's Bay, On arriving there, orders were given to anchor, and in a few minutes after flie whole ef the crews were to be found enjoying the hospitalities of the Commodore at his re sidence. After spending a very pleasant hour ashore, they returned to their duties aboard. Anchors were soon hauled in, and the yachte being dismissed,« each rounded the Psyche, and saluted the Commodore before returning to their respective moorings. Several yachts -which wen to have taken part in the , cruise -could not -be .got ready in time. ? ' ' ' ? [ i The boat race between Dunnett. and Jordan, for ^'25 a-side/canie off .on. Saturday.' afternoon,-, tho 8th instant, at ? Newcastle, : . and excited, ? great : interest, tho whole length of the wharf and' the. coal-stoithB— from whence a good .view 'of thejrace could,' be ybtainej— being crowded. The course -was the eame : as irowed nyer in the ' last race, and in the same boats, only that Dunnett rowed in the one previously rowed in by Jordan, and vice versa. Dunnett won the toss for choice of places, and chose that nearest the dyke. The start- was by mutual consent, as btfore, from opposite the new ,coal-Btaitlis;--md, nt the ?words, ' ore you ready,' they both ;went -off evenly— Bunnett getting a good advantage, but he steered his course very wildly and thus last several boats' lengths, while Jordan sept a straight course, and a keenly-contested race ensued up to the boat moored hear the'end of tho dyke, wkich was rounded first by -Jordan, by nearly a boafs length; 'when, Avetmderstandjhe 'yas fouled by Dunnett. The race wafe now for.the strongest, roan; -as a- strong tide and a 'stiff south-east wind hadtote ptiled'against. Dun nptt 'passed Jordori shortly after Tpuntting 'the boat, but was again caught by Jordan.1; iDunhettchere put on a fine f^urt,-and gradually drew'awa'y from hiB opponent, coming in a winner by about f bnrt oats' lengths. Jordan entered n protest'against.tne BtakeB b|-jng handed bytr. ' . Ho states j hfc was not 'only' fouled by Dunnett, ' tut no roferee was appointed. , Another.raoe, we hoar, is likely to .come off for double' Jhp amount, \ ' ;, . .'.' ' ' . . '-. ' '; We1 Team ' from a' Tasnunian journal that Mr. 3. Chandler, has just .completed the new boat for . tho crow, selected to represent Tasmania at the ensuing Bal .maita regatta. The boat is 39 feat long, has 3 feet 3 inch beam, with a depth in midships of l'foot 3 inches. , She is, howpvor, fluee inches lower .at: tho stem and;, stern, which. deprives her of ehocr, and gives her an unusual appearance. A spnec of about 10 foctot each cud Ib covered in with calico. The Dervrcnt Belle is intended to pull four eculls ot thirteen feet in length, and has five thwarts, double- kneed, the aflcnuost one being for the coxswain. The boat is built principally of Huon pine, and is copper-fastened throughout. The boat has been designed on the string lest principle, and docs not show any keel or other pro tection whatever. She is beautifully modelled, having frreat length of floor and remarkably sharp ends, the water lines being finely rounded. This handsome boat weighs only 180 pounds, and is a marvel of lightness and strength combined. For a 40-lon cutter commend us to Hatcher. Mr. Gordon had no sooner withdrawn his famous Niohe from the racing world than Mr. Bridsou turns up with the Muriel, by far the most successful yacht of the present season, as up' to latest advices she had won ten races, and appropriated prizes to the value of £036. At the Clyde Yacht Club Regatta she beat Fyfie's latest eflorts — the 3'oxhound, 31 tons, by 11 \ minutes, and the Eveloen, 39 tons, by any amount of time. The Aglaia, U tons, wen the schooner match, and Boreas, 10 tons, carried off the third-class prize. Mr. Thellusson's big schooner, tho Guinevere, scored her maiden win in the great Channel Match, from Havre to Cherbourg and back, for which the following entered : — Guinevere, schooner, 216 tons— Mr. Thellusson Julia., -cutter, 69 tons— Mr. Moss Diane, schooner, 78 tons— M. Bcnott-Champy . ? : Minotaure, cutter, 39J— M. Bonard ' Oudalle, cutter, 301 tun£ — M. Mandrot Panthere, cutter, 10J— M. Crandalle. At high water on- Thursday afternoon, July 21, the Julia and the four French vessels were towed out of the harbour, and, casting off one by one, they anchored in a line to windward of the Guinevere (which had remained out in the. roads since her arrival), the Diane schooner next the Guinevere, and then the four cutters in the order of their size, the little Panthere having the weather bBrth, all keepingthc wind on their starboard bow ready to cast to port. The wind was light irom Uie-north-wesVbut .variable, and, as- the. first part of the course to Cape fSarueur was about west-north-west, the start was almost 'dead to windward. The schooners Bet mamsailB and fore sails, andlhc cutters mainsails, before the start, and the final signal went aloft on board the committee boat at i.26 p.m. By tho time topsails were set and all were fairly off on the starboard: tack, the six had settled down into two lines, the : Oudalle, Julia, and Guinevere in front, and the Panthere Minotaure, andiDiane in the rear ; the Oudalle and Pan there to windward. The Oudalle carried a balloon topsail, iwhich stood to perfection. The Guinovere's main-topsail, ;too, Was' spread with a' jack yard ; but all the others carried 'only working topsails; Jib topsails -were got up on board them all soon after the start, and large foresails also, the iGuinevere setting in 'addition her main-topmast-staysail. ?Guinevere though- 'to ' leeward was evidently -drawing' on her lead, and the Oudalle until 6 ^o'clock in^thc evening held her position on the weather !of the Julia. ,Ja.t 7 p.m. the Guinevere went about, and stood off the land on ihe port tack, and in half-an-hour came about again, a mile and a half broad on the weather ibcamof the Julia; by which time the little' Oudalle lost iier position to windward, and was a mile astern of her. The Diane had sagged away about four miles to leeward, iand the Minotaure, a mile or more astern of the other French cutters, Panthere brought up the rear. At nightfall, the three leading vessels were on the port tack, standing off the land. The Guinevere was leading the race, and at intervals of a mile and a half on her lee Quarter followed the Julia and the Oudalle; the Mino Kaure was seen on the Oudalle's lee beam ; and about five tniles from the leading vessel the Diane was driving away to leeward. The night was Cue and starlight. By degrees the wind fell lighter and lighter, and through the middle Watch veered to the westward, and died away to a flat palm. The flood tide was evidently carrying the Julia astern, and her anchor was let * go. When the tide slackened, and a light breeze filled her sails, she got underway again on the starboard tack, with the wind at N.W. ; bat when day broke it was evident that by keeping in shore to nurse the land breeze she hod made a grievous mistake, for a large schooner and a little cutter, which turned out to be the Guinevere and the Oudalle. were discovered five miles on her weather bow ; and the Diane, which when last seen was miles astern find to leeward, was positively leading the race. Daring the early morning, light airs favoured the different vessels by turns, the Julia at one time drawing on the leaders to within two miles ; and then again a nice little breeze fell to their lot, and all three went well ahead, the Guinevere, however, getting bo much the best of it that she soon recovered her threatening position. The wind ivent ' round with the eun, gathering strength as it went. By half-past 5 o'clock it was blowing frosh from the northward, when they all passed Cape Barfleur at a flying pace, under balloon cape on the lee quarter, the breeze went round to the eastward and died away. Sqnnresails and square topsails were set, but hung useless. The heat was tropical, and apprehensions were entertained that the drifting match of last year and the year before was about to be repeated. The tide hod nearly done, and the Breakwater not yet in sight. ' At 9 a.m. a littie breeze arose, and the prospects of the race began to mend. Indeed, from this time to the finish the, wind never failed again, but went on improving as the day advanced, till in the afternoon light sails were doused and lee channels bused. The Guinevere got in her square canvas, and rounded the Breakwatei o.v 9.29 a.m. She found more wind inside, and, close-hauled on tbe port tack, she was seen coming out of the western entrance at a slashing pace, just as the Julia came abreast of it. The Diane rounded, eleven minutes after the Guinevere, and the Oudalle eleven minutes after the Diane, the Julia fol lowing at 10.7 a.m. ' From Cherbourg to Cape Lovi it was a dead heat, and this was the prettiest part of the whole match, the . four vessels being all within a circle of a mile radius. The brig Guinevere and the French schooner did not core to avail themselves of the better breeze and. tide under the hind, but made long boards to seaward; while, the two cutters, Julia and Oudalle, made ehort tacks in the bight of the bay, and hctk improved their 'positions considerably; the Julia, doing best, once more weathering on the Oudalle. The Diane was far to leeward of them all. Cape Levi once rounded,it was nearly a reach to Capo Barneur, and the Guinevere begnn to draw : out her lead again. From this point to within Eix miles of Havre, the rase was a simple test of reaching speed, and the result was exactly what might have been expected, the only remaining question beinir whether either of the cutters eould save their time of the big echoonen which was now rapidly dropping them astern. Ths wind still freshened, .and by 5 o'clock they all lay down for the first time, with lee scuppers awash. As the Guinevere righted the high land of Cape le Heve she found herself a little to leeward of the flag boat. Although she Inffed all she could, yet a tack could not be avoided. On 3 short board, however, enabled her to weather it and win the race at 7h. 34min. SGsec. p.m. While the Julia was being pinched up to windward tosave,if possible, the tack the Guinevere had to make,, an unfortunate pull was taken at her already overstrained toisail sheet, and. the dew of the sail burst. This had to be sent down, and a ifu-header sent up in its place, by whiclishe lost considera bly ; and after making two boards to the northward she rounded the flag boat one hour and eight minutes after the Guinevere. Towards the end of the race the two leading French yachts, which were widely separated— the Ondalle bping well to windward of her course) and tie Diane apparently hopelessly to leeward of it — fell in with a most remarkable change of fortune. The wind came away from the southward, and the Diane found her self well to windward ot the nag boat, while the- Oudalle was by this change thrown all to leeward of it ; and the result was that Ihe Diane came flying up with a free wind, and rounded at 11 hours 22 minutes 35 seconds p. m., while the unfortunate Oudaltay-who had to beat up to it, did not get in until 12.15 a.m. The whole course was 156 miles direct ; and off Cape Levi, on the return voyage, when about sixty miles from home,- the honours of the day were all the OudaBe's, for both prizes were then within her grasp. During the reach thence to Havre this clever little 31-ton cutter, of couree, hadnot a ghost of a chance against the ten times larger Guinevere ; but her bad luck in falling in wjith that westerly shift of wind must alone be blamed for losing her the medal and francs for the first French yacht, wjhich fell to the Diane— the Guinevere, of Bourse, carrying off the chief prize. jOn July 22, the Royal Northern Yacht Club held their annual regatta on the Clyde. The first race for £100, , divided into £75 and £25, whs merely a match between Mosquito, CO tons and O mara ICo tons, which ended in both getting becalmed. The second race was for a prize of ,£10, for second-class, yi chtfi of any rig. The entries were : — Foxhound, cutter, 34 tons— Marquis of Ailea, R.N.Y.C. Kilmeny, cutter, JJO.tons— Mr, P, 6. French, R.T.Y.C. IMuriel, cutter, 40 tons-Mr. R.Bridson, R.M.Y.C. Phantom, cutter,.27 tans— Mr. D, Fjnlay, B.M.Y.C. Eveleec, cutter, 39 tons— Mr, T. D. Keogh, R.I.Y.C. iLeila, cutter, 33 tons— Mr. R, Ferguson, R.M.Y.C. ?Maria, cutter, S5itons— .Mr; A, Jatorson, R.N.Y.C. jGlance, cutter, 33 tons— Mr, J, Rushtoa. R.M.Y.C. iXema, cutter, 34 tons— Mr. iR. N: Batl, R.Y.S. }At Strone Buoy, the three leading yachts passed tho Cfmmodore — . ? ' ? / 'i '. ? : - ? ! ' ?*?.? H:M. S. h. m. s. TJuriel'.. .. ,2 J5 65; Glance./ ,. 2 19 45 K^lmeny .. ',2 46,5tt;.;, ., .;-': . , The second ^iurn round', the . Inellan Buoy changed tho 'ps.sition of the yachts, and Kilmeny carried away Her top in st stay.' . The yachte 02 passing the Commodore in the last round were timed:' ? ' ' .'.;'.' ' . H.K. 6. ????.- HMi R_ Muriel.. , .'. ? 6j83 42 . ,Foxh»und ..7 110 Xana ..: . .;,. & 48 .63 1, Phantom. ' ? ;. 7:230 -M^ria .. ... 6 56 ?lMEveleen.:'. . ,. 7 6 59 Kilmeny,. ? . ; ,. ^.6 .62 10 .ieila ,. ..7 6 40, Glance.. \: ,. 6 58 23 ? ; fcrhe'Muriei;pf course claunefl the pfizp; . ' . ' ;- (K.ihneny-was more fortunate next day, owing to tb^at fiencc of Muriel, and appropriated the prize for r.econd-' class cutters. The regatta ?wound up ^with .a -race, for the Marquis of Ailsa's Cup, value £50,,whiph?aie''/larik, 3B -(onB,-won by time allowance from Muriel.^ ' ' . J ?^— — — — ?'?? ? - The Due de Montremart, -who is an.ol.'d-Boldierj has ?written to the French' Minister of W^-to Btty tliatlie -Btill uses the spura he -wore at Jenv and that if too ,ol& to .take ?aiejBeld.he is ready to man a rampart-. ?JIp subscnb08 100,000 frames'. ? ? - ., I .k.,.-.-.i- -:..:r:i'i' :-:?-?'?; ??:-.:.n (.\:-.-. rrrniyj 