TOPICS OF THE DAY, (j Ceiminal Sittings. — On Tuesday, August 16th, John Eyan was charged with having transgressed the provisions of the Electoral Act in voting twice at the late election for the House of Assembly. Mr. Strangways and Mr. _Ualy appeared ior "tiie defence. Xfs having been shown from the evidence adduced that the prisoner had voted twice under til® impression that he was entitled to vote in two places, from two cards having been sent him, His Honor the Chief Justice ordered him to be imprisoned for one week. Ellen Maguire who was found guilty of an assault upon Elizabeth Boddington, was sentenced to three calendar months imprisonment. William Osborne, charged with stealing a cheque from Samuel Osborne, at Moonta, was found guilty, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. William W. Shaw, charged with embezzling the funds of the Willunga District Council, was found guilty, and sentenced to imprisonment, with hard labor, for two years. Edward Hayes, charged with stealing a horse at Gum Creek, was acquitted on the ground of insanity, and ordered to be kept in custody during Her Majesty's pleasure. William Henry Whitting who had been previously convicted of forcible entry, was ordered to be imprisoned till Friday, August 19th, His Honor expressing his belief that the prisoner had taken posses- sion of what he believed to be his own. Peogeess oe the Land Bill. — On Tues day evening Mr. Hay succeeded in carrying an important amendment on the Government measure which will have the effect of render ing it much easier for farmers with small means to take up land under the Act. Instead of an annual payment for ten years, Mr. Hay moved that the payments should be 2s. on taking up the land, 2s. at the end of the third year, 2s. at the end of the fifth, 2s. at the end of the seventh, and the balance at the end of the ninth year. We have never held up Mr. Hay as a genuine land reformer, but we certainly think he deserves credit for having taken a step in the direction of liberality. Shipping Intelligence. — The Wallaroo Times , of Wednesday, the 17th, says: — " Intelligence has been received at Port Wal laroo .that the Walrus, schooner, a vessel which has for a considerable time traded regularly between Port Wallaroo and the Eiver Don, Tasmania, has been washed on rocks just at the entrance of the Eiver Don. Particulars are not to hand, but Captain Gowan and his crew were saved. We under stand that a new schooner, the Charles and Arthur, which was built on the Don by the owners of the Walrus, will take her place, and is daily expected." Fttneeal oe the Late Sie John Simeon. — The burial of the late Sir John Simeon, Bart., in the peaceful village of Calbourne on Tuesday, attracted a large concourse of the inhabitants of the Isle of Wight. The gather ing included all conditions of men, having one common object in view— an expression of reverence for the memory of a worthy friend and neighbor, and of sympathy with the bereaved family. It was the express wish of the Hon. Lady Simeon that the funeral should be as private as possible, and there fore those who were not of the family or the circle of private friends joined the procession at a point near the Sun Inn, at the entrance of the village of Calbourne. The body, encased in a shell, leaden coffin, and coffin of polished English Oak, which was covered with a black silk velvet pall, bearing a white cross and fringed with white, had rested for some days in a room set apart as a chapelle ardenle. Here about 11 a.m., a Eequiem Mass was said by the Eev. T. Fryer, of Newport, assisted by the Eev. E. G. Mac- mullen, of Chelsea, G. B. Yard, and W. Eoberts. The coffin, plate, surmounted by a Latin cross, bore the. following inscription :— "Sir John Simeon, Bart.; Born Feb. 5th, 1815 ; died at Fribourg, in Switzerland, May 21st, 1870," The body was interred in the family vault in the north transept of the Anglican Parish Church. — Tablet . Departure of the Military.— On Wed nesday morning, August 17, the detachment of the second battalion of the 18th Regiment (Royal Irish) took their departure for Eng land via Melbourne. Shortly after 11 o'clock, headed by their Commandant, Lieutenant- Colonel Eocke, they marched from the barracks, and having halted on their way to the Railway Station to take off the guard at the gate of Government House were visited by His Excellency the Governor, wearing his uniform as Colonel of the Ayrshire Militia. His Excellenc-, accompanied by all the Ministers, and attended by the Private Secretary, was received with the usual honors, and addressed the troops as follows : — " Colonel Eocke and Soldiers of the 18th Eoyal Irish — I cannot find it in my heart to let you quit this colony — the last detachment of the Queen's troops which perhaps will ever be stationed here — without a word. You belong to an army which, in every clime and country, has been the representative of British power, of loyalty, and of civilization, and to a famous regiment which has borne a gallant part in great campaigns. Your senior battalion fought in the last European war in which our country was engaged ; your own has upheld the Queen's authority in what I trust will prove the last war in Hew Zealand. In the days of Aus tralian infancy the British army has guarded the rising interests of a new nation, and now these prosperous colonies have undertaken the duties and responsibilities of their own govern ment. But if you are indeed the last Imperial garrison of Australia, I am happy to note how well you have upheld the character of the British Army and of your regiment by your orderly and soldierlike behavior. The 2nd Battalion of the 18th will be ever and only remembered here with pleasure and regard. May your homeward voyage be prosperous, and your future as a regiment and individuals be happy. But I cannot say farewell without also declaring my confidence that the people among whom you have lived for a while will not, with the representatives of the Eoyal Army lose the loyalty of which it is the symbol, the brave spirit with which it is animated. Eng land will not forget or leave without protection her kindred, however widely severed ; her arms will reach even here should common danger assail, and we who prize our common nation ality and all the privileges which are our heritage will, I am persuaded, fulfil our common duty to guard and preserve them in time of trial. In the name of the colony I now bid you fare well." In reply to His Excellency, Colonel Eocke expressed the regret which he, in common with the officers and men under his com mand, felt in leaving South Australia. In graceful terms he warmly acknowledged the consideration and kindness which he said he had always met with in his official capacity from His Excellency, and begged him to assure Lady Edith Ferguson that the kind ness and hospitality with which the officers of the 18th had always been treated under her roof had served to " lighten and brighten" their sojourn in the colony. He highly appreciated the compliment which His Excellency had that day paid to the detach ment. Colonel Eocke then called upon his men to give three cheers for His Excellency, and one cheer more for Lady Edith, and also three cheers for Australia, which were heartily given. His Excellency called upon both civilians and soldiers to give three cheers for the Queen ; after which the detachment marched off to the Eailway Station, where a large number of their friends were assembled to bid them farewell, and by the noon train left for the Port amidst cheers. Most of the women and children went by an earlier train. The baggage having been previously sent down for shipment very little remained to be done on arrival. The men were mustered on the wharf, and embarked at once on board the Aldinga, which steamed from the wharf, amid general cheering, shortly after 1 o'clock. — Register. Central Road Board. — A meeting of the above was held on Tuesday, August 16th, at which all the members were present, as were also the Superintending Surveyors. Sir. G. S. Kingston and Mr. Bright presented a memorial from the residents in the District of Stanley, calling attention to the state of the northern and southern approaches to the township of Mintaro, and requesting that the roads might be repaired as speedily as pos sible. The Board promised that the matter should be attended to as soon as the weather would permit. Messrs. Paltridge, Laurie, Eamsay, and West presented a memorial from landowners in the Wellington District, praying that the ferry might be removed from Wellington to Mason's, or the Murray Bridge erected there. The Board expressed themselves in favor of Mason's as a crossing- place, and promised to forward the memorial to the Government. Messrs. Basedow, Yon Bertouch, Winton, Warren, Witt, Clement, and J. Martin, attended as a deputation from Lyndoch Yalley, and Tanunda. The Board having shown that a fair share of money had been expended on this road, could not promise anything more than that the Sur veyor should make the worst places passable as far as funds would permit. The Sur veyors' reports having been read and corre spondence disposed of, the following tenders were received and accepted : — No. 2532. (Eeadvertisement). North-road, Western Branch, forming, &c.;, 43 chains road between Watervale and Penwortham— W . McNamee, £495 7s. 6d. No. 2542. North-road, North- West Branch, forming, &c.;,65 chains of road north and south : of Wakefield Bridge, Undalya — E. Flaherty and M. Carty — ,£523 16s. 8d. No. 2543. Kooringa and Port Wakefield-, road, delivering 1,000 yards hard uii-: broken quarry stone between Mintaro and Wockie Creek — W. McGough, <£112 10s. No. 2544. Delivering, &c.;, 1,000 yards ditto,: same place — M. O'Halloran, £120 16s. 8d. No. 2545. Delivering, &c.;, 1,000 ditto, same place — M. O'Halloran, £131 5s. No. 2546. Delivering, &c.; 1,000 yards ditto, same place — M. O'Halloran, £153 6s. 8d. No. 2547. Delivering, &c.;, 1,000 yards ditto, same place — John O Halloran, £125. No. 2551. Wallaroo and Moonta road, deli vering, &c.;, 800 yards ditto between 21st and 22nd mile-posts (to be obtained from Two Wells Quarries) — J. Connor, £113 6s. 8d. No. 2552. Same road, 500 yards do., between 24th and 25th mileposts (stone from same place — H. Jones, £60 8s. 4d. No. 2553. Same road, 500 yards ditto (stone from same place) — H. Jones, £60 8s. 4<d. No. 2554. North-road, making 385 chains road opposite Section 1573, near Sommer Hill — J. O'Halloran, £34 9s. lOd. No. 2555. Making 4T6 ditto near Maryvale Scrub — J. O'Halloran, £33 13s. 9d. No. 2556. Same road, North-Eastern Branch, making 20 chains road over Greenock Hill — J. Connor, £282 14s. No. 2557. Same branch, making five wrought- iron girders for the Greenock Creek Bridge— A. Jones, £159 6s. No. 2558. Thebarton Bridge and Kapimd'a road, making 30 chains road north of Kapunda Light Bridge — M. Leahy, £314 19s. lid. No. 2559. Lyndoch Yalley-road, making 22 ditto at Eowland's Flat, near Jacob's Creek— C. Daly, £235 17s. 8d. No. 2560. Lyndoch Yalley-road, making 24 ditto, near Mr. Sandland's, east of Lyndoch Yalley — D. E. Jones, £258 18s. Id. No. 2561. Nor th-E aster n-road, making three miles road through scrub between Leggat's Plain and Mannum — E. Nutt, £1,648. No. 2562. South-Eastern-road, Nairne Branch, making 25 chains water-tables on each side of road through Kanmantoo — M. Daly, £37 10s. ; No. 2563. South-Eastern- road, Mount Barker Branch, ditto 60 ditto, metalled road at 31st milepost — M. Daly, £225 10s. No. 2564. South-Eastern-road, Mount Barker Branch, making four wrought-iron girders for bridge over creek in Mount Barker Township— G. Wyatt, £138 5s. 6d. No. 2565. South-Eastern-road, Mount Barker Branch, providing and delivering 36 redgum planks for Mount Barker Bridge— W. Hough, £26 16s. 8d. No. 2566. South-Eastern-road, Woodchester Branch, making 70 chains metal road at Maid- ment's Hill — L. J. Watts, £558 19s. 2d. No. 2567. South-Eastern- road, Meadows Branch, making 70 chains of road between Echunga and Leonard's contract. — W. Hough, £400 7s. 6d. No. 2568. Bull's Creek-road, Strathalbyn Branch, making 3 chains metal road, between Strathalbyn and Sandergrove — A. Hill, £158 Is. 5d. No. 2569. Wellington Ferry, supplying 40 redgum sleepers, and 400 lineal feet stringy- bark, 8ft. x 3ft. — W. Hough, £24 13s. 4d. No. 2570. South-road, building large culvert at junction with Brighton-road, between 7th and 8th mileposts — M. A. Green & Co., £93 lis. 2d. No. 2571. Ditto, Port Willunga Branch, making portion of road at Aldinga — E. Hinks, £113 15s. No. 2573. Lower Meadows and Willunga- road, cutting and embanking road, and build ing culvert at McHarg's Creek — S. Saunders, £646 6s. lid. Church Music. — Eeferring to the letter of a Sheffield correspondent, Catholic Opinion has the following " From the same letter we are delighted to hear of the establishment of the true Church Music in the Churches of Sheffield. The music is Gregorian, or of Ecclesiastical character— florid performances banished, and the organ and choir are within the Chancel. We beg to recommend to all who are desirous of introducing it to try the " Harmonized Gregorian Masses." We have heard these Masses performed in unison and. in harmony. The effect is grand in the extreme. The variety, too, of the Masses in all the Tones — five being already published — does away with the reasonableness of the complaint hitherto made, that there was so little variety in this kind of music — the 4 Missa de Angelis' being the only one in general use." Girls of the Period. — As we believe there are many colonial specimens of the class alluded to in this letter we venture to reproduce it from the columns of our London contemporary in the hope that the hint will be taken in the same kindly spirit as that in which it is given : — " Girls of the Period. " To the Editor of the Universe. " Sir — The words of a Catholic priest are at all times worthy of regard, and their advice when given is the result of great experience, prompted by a sincere regard for our best inte rests. One, conspicuous for his piety and learn ing, remarked in a discourse reported in your journal last week, that it was to be regretted that Catholic young men of the present day do not marry, and the reason assigned was that they regarded the expenses attending that state of life too large for a modest income. He further intimated that Catholic marriageable girls were partly the cause of this by their adoption of the present extravagant mode of dressing. The Rev. Father Laws has, 1 think, hit the right nail on the head, and if you will allow me to give my experience upon the subject, it may serve to point a moral, if it does not adorn a tale.' I am a Catholic mechanic (unmarried) with a varying salary of from £2 5s. to £3 a week, unpretend ing, certainly, considering the present rate of rent and necessaries. It would doubtless require a shrewd calculating partner to provide a com fortable existence for the many responsibilities of married life. I, like my forefathers, am naturally anxious to enjoy the comforts of a home at ' my am fireside,' and to obtain these the first and most necessary qualification is a thrifty careful wife, who, without repining, would share his lot until by mutual industry and perseverance she helped him to better his condition. But, sir, looking around on the girls of the period as they glide into presence with all the sails of costume unfurled from birds' wings, elevated in false hair, down to high-heeled boots, how is a man to elect from such dazzling splendour a modest ' wee wife ?' Would such a one consent to adorn his state with an income whose entire outlay would be scarcely susceptible of satisfying these outward embellishments ? Now if Catholic girls could be persuaded to lay extravagant costume aside, and become as conspicuous by their modesty of attire as they are by their modesty of conduct, we (that is Catholic young men like myself and numerous others) would be quite ready to attack the fair citadel. But the present bulwark of costume presents a too formidable barrier to give any chance ot success. In this emergency it may be in the power of Catholic mothers to aid us, who desire their daughters should find suitable partners, in the household of faith,' by suggesting such simplicity of i attire as makes 4 beauty unadorned adorned the most.' " Yours, &c; « 'My I Mr. Lambert oh Christian |Love. — a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. We only notice the mild effusion of the above self-satisfied pastor of the Baptist Chapel on the Parade, Norwood, in consequence of the surroundings of the occasion. The dogmatic assertions of this Christian Apostle were delivered on the Anniversary J ubilee of the Kent Town Wesleyan Church, and his puny efforts to excite discord and variance in the respectable and quiet neighborhood of Nor wood we feel firmly persuaded will find little encouragement beyond the chosen followers of his profound theology. We would only desire to offer the suggestion that he had better confine his inspired eloquence to the walls of his tabernacle ; and when called to promote Christian fellowship in other places to endeavor to remember there is a better way — even that charity — that thinketh no evil. Our Yictorian Mails. — We ( Mount Gamhier Standard) are pleased to find that a respectful memorial is about to be for warded to the Postmaster-General, praying him to adopt means for the more satisfactory conveyance of the Mount Gambier mails from Yictoria. At present they are carried on horseback from Lindsay, and serious inconvenience is very often sustained from the letters and papers forwarded by this route being chafed and torn. From this cause it is quite unsafe to transmit paper mony or other valuable documents by this post, and the same reason prevents the transmission of packets of books or other goods. We trust the Postmaster-General will recognise the necessity for immediately ameliorating this unpleasant state of things. The Marquis of Bute has generously presented the Cathedral of the Eight Eev. Dr. Grimley at Capetown, Cape of Good Hope, with a magnificent bell and fittings, the sole condition attached by the noble donor being that it be rung every day for the Angelus. Appointments. — The following notification appears in the Gazette of Thursday last : — Chief Secretary's Ofliee, Adelaide, August 17, 1870. . His Excellency the Governor in Council has been pleased to appoint the following Inspectors of Publichouses and Wineshops, under Act No. 16 of 1869-70, viz. Adelaide Licensing District — Corporal Thomas Mallon, stationed at Melrose; Police- Trooper William Gregory, stationed at Blinman. Port Lincoln Licensing District — Sergeant Edward Bentley, stationed at Port Lincoln. Bv command, William Milne, Chief Secretary. Publications received. — We have 1 acknowledge the receipt of the first number of a new juvenile periodical entitled " Excelsior" which is intended to supply the place of the " Boy's Weekly" and other Publications of the same character which were in existence a few months ago. The future policy of this miniature newspaper is thus announced — '' Politically, it will be our aim to treat only on those subjects which it is thought are of more particular interest to the colonial youth, and which will tend to their future welfare. Socially, we will try to introduce such matter into our columns, in the form of original tales, poetry, essays, letters, &c.;,; as, while bringing out the literary talent now lying dormant in this colony, will also make " Excelsior" welcome not only to the young men, but to their sisters and other fair friends, so that it can be read with interest when all are seated in the family circle. And last of all, but not least, morally, it will be our earnest desire to give such advice as will tend to elevate the minds of our readers, and . give a tone and decision to their character, which it is greatly to be feared the youths of this and our sister colonies do not possess too much of," We wish the little brochure success. Theatre Eoyal. — On Thursday night the Corsican Brothers was played to an unusually good house. Herr Bandmann iu Lis representation of Fabien and Louis de Franeki elicited frequent rounds of applause, though the calmness of his man ner while challenging' the murde.'er of his brother seeined to us rather more artistic than natural. Mrs. Stoneham acted the part of Ma'erfamilias with be coming dignity, while that of Emilie de Lisparre was sustained by Mrs. Bandmann with her usual grace and elegance, 'the ghost scenes in which the mur dered man appears to his brother were very effective, and much impatience was manifested by the audience when the fall of the curtain concealed them from view. Northern Territory. — Messrs. Darwent and Dalwood's party sail by the Omeo this day for Port Darwin for the purpose of entering upon the work of constructing the Northern Telegraph Line. St. Yincent de Paul's Orphanage. — The annual report of tbis institution having come to hand ten late for insertion in this week's issue we are compelled to hold it over till next. Father Smyth's Memorial Fund. — We understand that the town list of subscriptions to this fund are now closed, and that as soon as the country lists are sent in a meeting of the sub-com mittee will be held for the purpose of taking some practical steps towards the erection of the memoriai. The Anglican Orphanage. — The annual general meeting of the subscribers to the above insti tution was held in Leigh-street on ?he 15th August. His Excellency the Governor presided. The report of the Committee, which was read by Mr. H. K. Hughes, ihe Hon. Secretary, showed that during the ten years of the existence of the Home 45 children had been admitted, of whom 10 had been placed in service, seven taken charge of by friends, and one had died from a disease of the hip. There are at pre sent 27 girls in the Home. His Excellency, after hearing the report, spoke in eulogistic terms of the management of the institution, an t expressed .bis . opinion of the superiority of charitable institutions established on a definite religious principle. The children of the Home (he said) are trained upon a definite religious principle, and it was upon that ground, as Wrll as those he had previously stated, that he thought it was au institution well deserving of public support. If any other religious b dy was able to maintain similar institutions, and to bestow upon children definite religious instruction, they wjuld be glad 'of their assistance in taking care of those children whom their means did not enable them to reach ; but unlil other religious communions were in a condition to do so he thought thy might hope for a continuance of the support which had hi'herto been received from charitable persons not in the commu nion of the Church of hngland. They could not ignore the zealous exertions that were made by the Roman Catholic Church for the care of orphans and destitute children. However they might regret their inability to co- operate directly with them, and that they held themselves so much aloof from many charitable purposes with which differences did not interfere, still it would be wed if the community, or other sections of the Christian Church, were as active as the Roman Catholics. 