THEATRE ROYAL. AMATEUR PERFORMANCE, The first of the two performances by the Garrick Club, for the benefit of the funds of the Benevolent Asylum, drew a capital house on Tuesday night., It was not what is called a perfect cram, but the theatre was so full that it came near to the delightful con dition of a bumper. The dress circle was filled, the boxes were nearly all occupied, the stalls and pit were crowded, and the gallery was moderately well patron ised, from £BO to £9O being in the house. This will more than cover ' all the .ex penses, so that this evening’s receipts will be profit, and it is tobe expected, therefore, that a goodly sum will accrue to the asylum from the benefit. The theatre presented a bright and evon sparkling appear ance, for it was fairly cleaned-up, was well lighted, and to the many colors of the ladies’ toilettes were added the red and'blue uniforms of the two fire brigades, and the military dress of the brass band of the Ist Bal larat Rangers. Thebrigades aro manned by suchsplen did fellows that they seem always ready to turn out to do gdod in any shape. A torchlight procession by both brigades litupthe streets before the performance began, the Western Brigade meetingthe Eastern one at the E xhibition corner,from which point both marched, together about fifty strong, to the theatre. . The band of the B.V.R. played the overture, and also performed at intervals during the evening, the Messrs King and Mr Sims also acting as an intermittent orchestra. Indeed, the musical contributions to the entertainment were more attractive than usual, and the audience on more than one occasion showed its sense of the excellence of that portion of the bill of fare. But “ the. play, the play’s the thing,” after all, and to see “ Hamlet” in the hands of the Garrick. Club was a novelty so pro vocative of various expectation that it was no wonder there .was, a good house, even if one could forget fhe .• attraction of the benefit-cause, and \- zealous skill of.' the ,gentlemea r who under took .to make the thing , what it. was, an indubi table success. It was a success beyond a commercial success, for it proved that the amateurs are able to present “Hamlet” in such a way as to relieve the lovers of Shakespere from too painful tremors. Mr George Moore, as Hamlet, surprised us. agreeably. We had, of course, seen his successes in other ama teur attempts, and knew liis general readiness in dia logue, and his excellent discretion; but we were hardly prepared to see so really good a rendering of this crucial character. He was, with a few excep tions, very accurate in . the text, though the exceptions occurred in such prominent passages that we were so far disappointed. But these were only small spots in a generally clever rendering. He had the house. with, him all through, and was called before the curtain at the close of every act. His dress was orthodox, and he had a Fechter wig of flaxen hair, which, so far, was a novelty here. Perhaps this was all. there was of novelty, for who nowaday looks for anew Hamlet, unless at the hands of some genius of first water, or some “ periwig pated fellow,” who. makes novelty out of some outrageous absurdity of dulness or some violence of speech or action?. Mr Moore, as we have 6aid, was well read in the text on the whole, and his elocution was really very good, the whole rendering being marked with a discreet in telligence that showed the actor had caught all the main points in the character, and that he had power to give them . a generally satisfactory interpretation. It Was easy to fancy that the two last professional Hamlets here had not been forgotten by the amateur, but we take it that for one amateur in Victoria who could give us as good a Hamlet as Mr Moore’s a hun dred could be found who would be hissed off.the stage instead of being applauded as he was last night. Mr ; E. J. Croker, as the king, was gorgeously ap parelled, and looked as red and black as a “bloody bandit” of the melodramatic school. He did hot present the character with much of kingly dignity, and his elocution was not very, Shakesperian. Mr Bickett was a very fair Polonious. He had the tedious humor of the part, and was very well made .up, though he was hardly sufficiently audible some times. As the Ghost, Mr Everingham preached his ghostly sermon with most sententious, precision, and bore himself with right martial port. Messrs Davis and Kemp, as the gravediggers, were very’droll. They did their deadly-lively comic business with a sextonian profundity of humor that was, apparently; well relished, for it elicited ' a good deal of merri ment. Mr J. Josephs was Laertes; Mr W. D. Hughes, Horatio; Mr W. H. Jones, Itoseucrantz; Mr Gellately, . .Guildenstern; Mr H. Jones, Osrick; Mr Watson,, the Priest; Mr W. B. Hayes, First Player; Mr ' Williams, Second ; Player; and Mr Bright, Francisco; Some of these gentlemen were deeply indebted to the prompter. The ladies who 'appeared were Miss Kate- O’Reilly, 1 as, the Queen; Miss Blanche Grey, as Ophelia; and Miss Elmore, as the'Actress. Miss O’Reilly, who seems to get no older, was a valuable help in the general business, ' and Miss: Grey’s Ophelia was especially apt in the inad scene, : whose plaintive touches of nature always 1 ensure'attention: from the audience. Miss : O’Reilly looked robust and queenly, and so became the part she bore; Miss Grey looked the weary, woe-begone Ophelia of the imaginations that picture the character as' a ‘.‘.blighted being” going to suicide to dhe sad music of. mad and broken melodies' and the sprinkling of herbs and wild- flowers. At the • close of the fourth act the .King and the Queen were, called before the curtain; but Ophelia was shamefully , left beneath the invisible willows. At the close of the last act there was a general call and presentation. Mr. Robert Lewis, as treasurer of the asylum, came upon the stage at ’ the close of the fourth act, accompanied by the secretary, Mr Cazaly, and Messrs Lovitt and Gibbings, members of the asylum’’ committee. He returned thanks for the splendid patronage given to the performances, and urged the! great need of help to the charity how that the debt’is so heavy,the times arc’so dull and so many poor old people, are. applying for' relief and shelter. To the ladies; Mr Lewis; spoke, as feelingly as possible for a “modest young man,” as.he apologetically called him self, and he wa3 greeted with sympathetic plaudits.. He also thanked the fire brigades for their generous devotion to the public good; and the members Of the: Garrick • Clubfor their services, without which the' benefit would have been impossible. This evening the. club will give its second performance for the asylum’s benefit, aud Miss Grey, Miss Elmore, Miss Broughton, Miss O’Reilly, and Mrs Coleman will assist. The per formances this evening will consist of the amusing comedietta, “The Irish ‘ Tutor;” and Buckstone’s comedy, “ Married Life.” The entertainment will be full of fun, and we hope to see a full house to enjoy the merriment. 1 ' : : - ‘ A discussion has taken place’ at the Surveyors’ In stitute at home on the subject of town drainage. The following were the conclusions arrived at: —1. Tkafho exact rule: can be applied to the system of drainage of all townsj.that it must be left to the skill and experi ence of. the.engineer and surveyor, under the special circumstances of each town, to lay out the proper means of purifying it, and of turning to account the fertilising matter; but that, all things considered, it is expedient in most cases, to separate the sewage matter from the rainfall. 2. That it is now admitted that the land is the proper place upon which to distribute all sewage matter; in fact, to return to’the soil the elements of fertility which have been taken from it,- and that it is a waste, in the widest sense of the word, so to throw • away such a valuable fertilising power as in many cases to cause the destruction of life, and in all cases at an utterly useless and unnecessary expense. ' 