IX MY VINEYARD. I. Atlast the droaia tliat cla i tbe field Is fairest fact, auds:al)l«; Atlast my vines a cover: ykl.1, A patvh for son.^ aud fdhlu I thread tliu rustling ranks, that hide Tbsir ini.,;.y vi. Jut treasure, And jiart tl:v sprays with more than pride, Aiiil rnuru tli&u; uwncr'o pleasure. ii. The tender shoots, the fragrance fine, Betray the garden's poet, Whose daintiest liic is turned to wine. Yet half is shy to show it,— The epicure, who yields to toil Cut takes from sun and de^v and soil A grace uuguessed by science. Faint odours, from the bunches blown, Surround me and subdue me ; Tlie viueyard-Uroath of many a zone 1e soiily ureatuiug through me: From slopes of Esbkol, in the sun, And mauy a hill-side classic ; From where l-'alernian juices run, And where they press the Jlassicl IV. Where airy terraces, on liifii, The hungry vati replenish, Aii'l. Ii-S3 from lii.ih than frurn the sky, ])i.-till th-j gnl.ljn Jtheuisli ; ?WUi-i-u, li«;liL of tart, the Dor.lelais Co:n;.ei.shL, stray level ^o^se'l^n^i'tS'rvfveT-''' V. So lure, s.- tK-ra, the subject earth Sh.ill u-ie a t ;iiderer dmy ; Ami Ia'j.v.11- walkwiUi liuraW Mirth. And wed wim l.n-ia? Lieailty : So, litre, :- hTai:iuua liie slulflix its scut iu summer wiiitutr ; 1'or siip ami blood sj sweetly mix, AuJ rielil/ run lo^jliiur : VI. The vine was exiled from tlie laud That bore but, needful burdens ; Lui. nov, we sLicl: the ueliy liau.i And look fur gentler fuenlons : '\V.u take ir'Mi h.-w- a grail' above TI,..' strength we too:: iron, Labour, Aud win to laugli, slid woo to love. Each grimly-i-arii- isi neighbour. Vli. What idle dreams ! liven as 1 muse I feel a falling shadow ; Aud vapours blur and clouils confase lly coming Eldorado. rortiMilous, grim, a ghost draws nigh, To clip my Hying I'ancy, And rli.uigt! tne sliuws of earth and sky With evil iitfcroiuancy. VII. The leaves on every vine-branch curl As if ii frost had stung them ; The bunches shrivel,|5nap, and whirl As if a tempest Hung them ; And as the ghost hisi'orehcad shakes. Denying and commanding, liut wivhen-.l stalks ami barren stakes Surround mo where I'm standing IX. 'Besvare !' the spectre cried ; 'the woe uf this delusive culture! The nightingale that lures thee so Shall hatch a ravening vulture, To feed the vat, to liU the bin, Thou pluck'st the vineyard's folson. That drugs the cup of mirth with sin, The veins of health with poison ! ' But now a goldeu mist was borne, Wilh violet-odours mingled ; I Ml a briglitui-s! as of morn, And all my pulses tingled : And forms arose — among them first The old Ionian lion And they, Sicilian Muses nursed — Theocritus aud iiiou. XI. Ami he of Tcos, ho of Koaie, The Sabine !-ird and uvhan ; And Saacli, from his 1'ersiaD home, And Hulix in his turban: And Shakespeare, sileiu, sweet, aud grave, And lierrick with his Iowa on ; And Luther, inellmv, burly, brave, Along with rare Uen Jonson.j XII. 'Be comforted !' they seemed to say ; She neither gives nor takes away '' In'suuli a liberal measure, That, past the utmost need of Toil, There's Eom.-tbiufr left for Pleasure. Mil, ' The secret soul of sun and dew Xot vainly she distilleth, And f xm these glubes of pink and blue A harmless cup she nlleth ; Who loveth her may take delight In wh it fur him she dresses, Nur liud iu cliecrful appetite The portal to excesses. XIV. ' Yes, ever since the race began To press the vinevard's juices, It was the brute within the man Delilud their nobler uses ; But they who take from order joy, And make denial duty, Hut cli.iin the brute they should destroy By l'lemlctu aud by licauty!' They spake : and, lo ! the baleful shape Crew dim, and then retreated; And Inuviini; u'c- the hoarded grape, Tlu- lines my vision greeted. The sun-hine burst, the breezes turned The leaves till they were noary, Ann ov '. rail the vinevard burned A freshvi light of glory 1 liAVABD TAYLOR. 