THE WESLETAN CONFERENCE. FIRST DAY. The sixteenth annual conference of the Aus- <*> tralasian Wesleyan Methodist Church commenced its sittings in Pirie-street Chapel, Adelaide, on Thursday morning, January 20, at 10 a.m. The Pbesident (Bev. W. L. Binks) opened tne uon ference by announcing the hymn commencing "Andare we yet alive," which having been sung, prayer was offered by the Rev. Messrs. Watkin and BaBOXE. The roll was called, a-..l the PnESinENT then rose and stated that by the vote of the bust Conference the Rev. George Hurst had been nominated as President for 1870. Thit nomina tion had been confirmed by the British Con ference. He then read the minute in which the appointment had been made, and the para graph of the address of the British Conference referring to the appointment. Addressing the new President, he Baid—Mr. President Hnrst, I no v with pleasure lav down the office which I have held through the kind suffrages of my brethren, and retire from the chair to make room for yoa. I hand yon the Conference seal with earnest prayer that the year of your presi-1 dency may be one of peace and prosperity. The J'besident (the Bev. G. Hurst), on taking the chair, thanked the ex-President, and aaid—"My dear brethren--When, eleven years ago, I left the British Conference and j united myself to the Australasian, I little thought that I should ever occupy the very honorable and important position in which I this day have been placed by brethren in the rising Methodist Church in these flourishing colonies, and by those of the noble church in our fatherland, from which we are proud to have sprang and to be still connectel, not only by doctrinal sentiment, ecclesiastical usages, and warm Christian affection, bat also by con stitutional law. Just as the people in these beautiful colonies glory in then- British descent, are deeply interested in Britain's honor and prosperity, and have no desire to sever their connection with the grand old country, with her noble institutions and glorious history ; so we, as a Church, rejoice in oar descent from Eng lish Methodism, are deeply concerned in its purity and success, and, though in a distant sphere, desire to live and labor in intimate union with it. For the position in which my brethren have placed me I am conscious that I possess but few intellectual or even spiritual qualifications; and in order that I may discharge the duties of my office with any credit to myself and any profit to the Church, I am deeply con vinced that I shall need the assistance of God and your sympathy and help. Bat if firm belief ia Wesleyan doctrine, if cordial approval of Methodist ecclesiastical polity, if full con fidence in the admirable adaptation of the agencies of our Church to accomplish the pur poses for which the Church of God exists, and If fervent desire to see those agencies every where successful constitute any qualification for the distinguished position in which you have placed me, and will be any help in the discharge of its important duties in these re spect*, I am as well qualified as most men. And it would be no credit either to my head or my heart were I not. I was born in Methodism, and trained within its bosom. It was the Church of my ancestors, and my family have been connected with it from the time in was in troduced into my Dative place to the present day. Some of its members have occupied honorable positions in it, and have materially assisted in its establishment and extension, and some, I am happy to say, now hold the highest ofiices which Circuits can give; so for me, I owe ell I have and am to it. Its influence over me and all my interests have been beneficial in the highest degree. In early life its ministry deeply and permanently impressed my mind with the truth and supreme importance of spiritual aad eternal things, though for a time 1 did not yield up my heart to Him that made me, bat allowed it to wander in the pnrsuit of sinful pleasure. Thirty-six years since, howevei, when my late reverend and mast beloved brother Benjamin, who with the late Reverend Francis Tuckfield was the first Wesleyan Missionary appointed to Port Phillip, in Victoria, preached bis farewell ser mon on leaving his home to enter the Wesleyao Ministry ia England, all my early impressions were revived and deepened, and soon after I re ceived by faith in Christ a clear sense of recon ciliation with God, and the regeneration of my nature by the power of the Holy Ghost. How much I now owe and shall owe for ever to that farewell sermon of my sainted brother, whose influence Isd me to religion and God, only eternity will telL When I saw him leave his father's home for these shores, and when I fell upon his neck and kissed him, little did I think that after the lapse of so many years I should follow him; and even less did I think that, after he was removed to heaven from the chair of this Conference, I should have the honor and the inexpressible pleasure of ex pressing oiy profound obligations to him. But my attachment to Metholiem is not purely hereditary, but also the result of intelligent conviction. I havs brought its doctrines to the test of God's Word, examined its polity in the light of the general principles of Church govern ment taught in the Holy Scriptures, and com pared its agencies and efforts with those of the Apostolic Church, and am satisfied that it holds * the faith which was once delivered to the saints,' and that it follows the practice which commanded the approval of inspired men. And to me it seems that my convictions are in ac cordance with another class of facts, which, I conceive, may be adduced in support of the substantial agreement of the principles aud agencies of Methodism with the teaching of the New Testament, and the usages of the primitive Church. Shall I say too much, employ the language of prejudice or of trutb, when I affirm that it has commanded the approval and blessing of God everywhere? The youngest of the Pro testant Churches in the British Empire, or in English-speaking nations, it is the largest and the most successful. During the 130 years of its existence it has built more Churches, erected more Sunday •schools, converted, through the power of God, more souls, and raised more namorous Societies than of the older Churches. In England, in the United State", and ia the Dominion of Canxda, it has multiplied its adherents by eniny millions ; while its missions in Central America, the West Indies, the Continent of Europe, the East, Southern and Western Africj, India, China, and Polynesia, are among it3 highest gljries, and the result of its most successful labors. All these facts are evidences of true religions life, and of the existence of the presence and blessing of God in the Methodist Church. In ibis sonthem world God has been with us, and He has crowned our labors with a gratifying mearore of success. When I say that God has been with us and crowned our efforts with His blessing, I do not merely refer to the ministry, but to the whole Church, and to all its agencies. With you, Ido not believe in any of the un scriptural and preposterous claims in behalf of the priesthood which, [in various Churches, are upheld in the present day; and lam persuaded that neither you nor I are in any danger of attempting to laud it over the Church of God. Even oar ministry is shared by oar laity in two important particulars; and I rejoice that it so. Indeed, I regard this fact as one of the great glories of onr Church; as one of the great elements of its strength; and as one of the great causes of its success. From the begin ning the Methodist Church has been the great patron and employer of lay agency; and I am fully satisfied it could not have been in any part of the world what it is this day, apart from the piety and labors of our leaders and local preachers. When other Churches are awakening to the importance of lay agency, it is not likely that we who have proved its value for more than a century shall undervalue it, or employ it less than has been our wont By the combination of ministerial and lay agency in these colonies, not only have .the foundations of a prosperous Church been laid, bat the building is seen to be rising everywhere ia somewhat massive and beautiful proportions. Bat the success of the past should stimulate us to renewed and even more vigorous exertions. While the ground already reclaimed would re quire much effort and care, there is a vast field before us all but untouched. The masses of the people in all these colonies are far from God, regardless of spiritual religion, and un mindful of the beauties aud advantages of virtuous life, and we owe it to God, to them, and to ourselves to take our fall share in their evangelization. Our agencies are well adapted to reach them, and they must be faithf ally em ployed. Wealth, and talent, and time must be sacredly devoted to that great work which God has given us to do, and in the full measure of our daty. Both the talent and the time of the Church may be zealously employed, but if they be separated from its wealth, to a great extent their employment will fail; the Church wQI never rise to the measure of her duty, aud there fore never to the full measure of her success, without a righteous consecration of the whole. In these new countries all the material ap pliances of the Church—chapels, parsonages, and schools—have to be raised from the foun dation in the wilderness, generally where the people are few and feeble, and their spiritual needs can never be met unless Christian people give to God of their substance as He has pros pered them. Well would it be for these new countries, in all their interests, were all the wealth in the Methodist Church, which ought to be devoted to the extension of religion, and virtue, and happiness, sacredly consecrated to this object. Bat ia the extension of oar Church it will be well if we alwuys properly distinguish between mere Church life and true spiritual life; aad if we do no', dili gently caltiva'e the latter. Church life, a zeal for the honor and aggrandisement of our com munity, might possibly enable us to fill these colonies with ecclesiastical buildings, and yet spiritual death reign in all oar borders. Having Church life we might be a corpse, beautifully decorated with flowers it is true, but nothing but a corpse. In that case, so far as the salva. tion of men is concerned—the one great purpose for which the Cburoh of God exists—the Me. thodist Church might sa well cease to be. With the extension of onr forms of religion let it be our one great object to spread its inner life and soul-saving power. Let ns ever remember the words of our founder 'It ;is your business to sav* souls.' 'That ■ is the one great work of the Church of God in this world, and if we fail in that it will 1 mettw but tittfe in what ?tw ?aj mcceed, j, e t onr ministry be directed to this one point, zp3. let nothing for one moment divert onr attention from it Let Christ and Him crucified, and e\\\ the meritorious blessings resulting from His sacrificial death, present and conscious pirdou, regeneration by tie Holy Spirit, adoption, t! a Spirit's direct witness to onr spirits that we s ?> the children of God, and entire aanctification >>s the great themes on which we principally d«rc:L These were the great troths, applied by t-.c Divine Spirit, -which awoke from the dead the Church of God in the 18th ceniury; and th?so are the truth*, thus applied, which will keep it awake. The preaching of any other doctrine will utterly destroy its life, and render i'. utt?; 'j pewerleaa for spiritual purposes. Mutbodi- .1. through the Divine blessing, has always beer. & converting power, and I trnst we fch-.U ii':a care that it shall never lose that power. L;i us be more than ever true to our ancient pur pose— * To spread Scriptural holiness through the land;' holiness .founded in true religicia experience, in the sanctification of ham .1 nature by the Spirit of God. The Metho'-* ministry at all tunes and in all place* sluo i be experimental and praotical, promotinz < :: ward teligious life and all other external go: I ness. It should be tbisa above ail thiL, i, hat not at the expense of all other time's. These elements should be combined with ere-.y other qualification which can make a successful ministry. The Methodist ministry should be «s learned «s it is experimental and practical — learned in the general acceptation of that teru:, but especially in every branch of divinity. £ rejoice very mnchthat both ministers ;uidp9?;;? are folly alive to the importunes of this, j-.-.d that in all these colonies they have tat a initiatory steps to give the candidates for our ministry a suitable training for their important work. The existence of Newington, Wc-aley, Prince Alfred, and Hortou Colleges is a plta sing fact, clearly showing the desire of ttia Methodist people in all parts of this ' srrathe.-:i world' to promote every branch both of6oculj and sacred learning. For while these Col le? 4 give to the young gentlemen of Msthoiism a sound commercial and classical education, th-7 also endeavor to give to the ministry, or at least to a portion of it, a sound theological training. Bat in the latter respect they are t ->t all we desire—they are not all that is urgon:i; needed, and I even 4?ops they are not all it is possible to get. I'nm inclined to think tli '- something more adequate to the n?ech of !' e Church, and more in accordance with its nt;M berg, wealth, and respectability can yet be G>. r •. At any rate something moreshould be attemp- d without any delay. I hope for much from -. ■•« colleges as they now are, and so I thin1: &v; \l the whole Church. We shall all b- ni= ■- pointed if many of the young men vrhj r:c-r. i a commercial and classical education ia t'jei-- i j not ultimately enter the Ministry and sfao~ iu it the advantages of their early training. Bu: it appears to me that the colleges already ia <•< -istence, will never fully meet the real wy.t:ts of the Ministry, and that the CUtv. ,-ti should always keep something mora p^rf-.-ct before it and endearor to realise i<. I should like to see —and so would you all, I I j lieve, because we are satisfied that they ■ s what we require—sufficient funds to give civ y candidate for oar ministry a suitable rrainii .% and aseparate college in every colony ia wh: U he shall receive it; the latter, perhaps, <.re cannot get at present, bat I believe we cin obtain the former. Hitherto we have only 1?c -n able to give a very limited number of c?.u ii dates any training at all in the cjllege ivh . h exist, bnt we should without any farther deUv attempt to raisn sufficient funds to train l:i? whole. I hope that this Conference will di rt that for this purpose collections shall bs tr. \ ia in all onr places of worship, and that subs:: : ; turns shall be solicited from all our more wen'.: , people. If the Adelaide Cotfireace shall >1> this, it will please the whole Church, and T.ill contribute in a vital point to its prosperity. There is one other point on which I hope -he Conference will bear with me while I say ai w words oa foreign missions. Any Church wi- ; oat missions to the heathen would be far b;! ? the true standard of Christian duty; but •-r any Methodist Church to ba without th-: would be a strange anomaly. I hive el ways thought that it was well that the Austra lasian Church took the missions which are under its care upon the terms stated ia the original agreement; bat it would be better if v.3 entirely supported them without any assist !•: a from England. Ido not wish to aSa ib-.r- I think we are able to do that a- ;• L sent; but I do wish to say to it I earnestly hope we shall sustain oar mi':s::T:b with all the zeal and liberality vith «;.i t 'a they ought to be supported, and that >-s shall aim at relieving the HnglLh Mission: -. Society .of any pecuniary obligation tt <*;a earliest possible period, that it may devrt;::? attention aad strength to other par's r: ;!:? heathen world, where theyare much ne<Hs 1. I should like to see opr missions acd i.:iu altogether and flourishing entirely under ..,r own care, and hope that the time is uot <lii< 1 ->t when it will be so. Having them, itseems t ■ 1 .=, to be both the duty and interest of the v'.:.-1:? Church to be faithful to them. Our Ci.urili L■ s always been essentially missionary, aud it ■*■ ■:i be no advantage to it in ?ny way "to paimit . :v portion of this glory to depart. A revival oi the missionary spirit, lam sure, vrou!< r; ivo ns in everything. Ido net ssy tUi- '' * missionary spirit has declined among us, '■-. that it will be no disadvantage to us vrere tr • ~ • receive an increase of this good thing, and ; . ■. I devoutly pray that the whole Church nur h& thus enriched. I hope that this Conference >•. ■'.'. be distinguished by the presence aui blessing -,-. God, both in its deliberations and public *■■'. vices. lam sure we are all connectsJ h; -?. desire to promote his glory, and that ail w. : ;^y and do will only ba the expression of \ ,-x desire. I/et our discussions bj marked bv in telligence and freedom, faithfulness, brotherly love. Let all that should besai: '■ <* said, and nothing more, and said ia such a as will not onnecessariiy grieve any l-.i.'c Lastly, let me have an interest, not on'y in your public, bat also private devotions, tl;a'. £ may be but a Christian man, a Chri^'ina minister, a Christian gentleman, as auj <';:a who presides over yoa ought to be." The address was listened to with great inU rest and satisfaction, and the President on if suming his seat was loudly cheered. The Conference proceeded to the election of Secretary, the result being the reapp4atu:-:ni of the Bev. Benjamin Chapman by a very 1 args majority. Ob the nomination of the Secr<.ta<y the Bevs, O. H. Goldsmith and H. T. Burg"? were appointed Assistant Secretaries. * i.* Bev. J. G. Hillard was chosen as official lef-.-.v writer. The Rev. J. BICEFOBD then moved, &od; i'.;e Bev. H. GAUD seconded— "That the cordial thanlm of the Confewnci be presented to the Bev. WBliam L. BinVs f.?r the ableand highly satisfactory manxieriawb'h he has performed the duties of the Presiaei. / daring the psst year." This was unanimously adopted. The Ex- PbE3loent, ia reply, said he ~ 3 much obliged to the brethren. He felt in". U indebted to them for the kindness and 1 ■■ - bearance they had shown him, and for ti..? valuable help they had given him ia all tl.? important matters which hadcojne before ''■? Conference. The past year had been an ewri* - fol, and in eome respects a painful one. Thc-y had been overtaken with calamities, in whv.U some of their brethren had fallen under the hand of violence; but he thanked God for iha comfort«nd support be had received. He L^d done his best. (Applause.) He moved — "That the thanks of the Conference V.e civon totheSev. B. Chapman for his very till-.eut services as Secretary during the past year." This was seconded by the Rav. J. S. Wacsh, and carried unanimously. The Secbetabt read the reply of the Eri< i-u Conference to tile address of last year, au4 <li<? Bev?. Wills and Cornow were directed to i<i>. pare the address for the present year. The hours of meeting were fixed S3 fo'.l.>-.-.> - —Morning, from half-past 9 to a quarter W-^i * 1; afternoon, from a quarter- past 2to \ The minutes of the District meeting; :;■.<> handed in b; the Chairman. A memorial from the South Australian Iw. -perance League in reftrenc to the Total Ai^ti nence question was presented. The 0.7i Ul Letter Writer was directed to prepare a reply. At 12 o'clock the doors were thrown ove« <-> the public, and the Conference prayer me- tirg commenced. There was a large attend ;:i-u Prayer was offered successively by the V.:\\*. B. Chapman, J, Bickford, J. S. Wa'.i;h, Y>'. 1. Quick, J. Watkin, A Beid, and W. Ciirno" . The afternoon session was devoted principal11- -io the questions—" Wbo are received in?v. fr.il conaectios at this Conference?" aud "U';.j remain on trial?" In reply to which tb-3 cr.-e of each probationer came under separate c.j sideration. 