CENTRAL POLICE COURT. MONDAY. BEFORE the Police Magistrate, with Messrs. Murphy, Pearce, Spence, and Vickery. Thirty-one persons were fined in sums varying from 2s. 6d. to 20s., on conviction of drunkenness or of riotous behaviour. Three prisoners were discharged, and five were re- manded. Thomas Mackey or Coghlan, William Porter, Emily Porter, and Annie Barton were charged with having, on the night of the 6th or the morning of the 7th November, feloniously broken into tho dwelling of Elizabeth Murray, stealing therefrom a worsted belt, a gold ring, a coat, a vest, a shirt, some cigars, and about 8s. in copper monoy, the value of the whole being 50s. Elizabeth Murray, liv- ing apart from her husband, and protected by a Judge's order, deposed that she keeps the Builders' Anns Inn, situ- ated at the corner of Liverpool-street and Sussex-street ; between the hours of five and six in the morning of the 6th November, she was called by her son, and immediately arose ; she found the things in her sleeping-room tossed about, and, on proceeding to the bar, found that, since half-past 11 o'clock on the previous night, a lady's belt and buckle, some cigars, and about 8s. in copper money, had been stolen and taken away ; she found that a square of glass in a back window had been taken out, and the sash fastening pushed back and the window left open ; the back gate had been opened ; she gave information to the police ; the belt before the Court (produced by constable Larkins) is like that she missed, but cannot positively swear to it ; it had been left with her by the maker for sale ; this ring (produced) she knows ; it once belonged to her, and she gave it to her son ; she received it, a few days after the rob- bery, in a letter sent through the post, and addressed to "Mrs. Morrison," her name by a former husband;" it reads thus :—"No doubt this is an unex- pected letter, but you will find if we are devoid of honesty that we still retain feeling hearts. No doubt you will ask yourself how I became possessed of the knowledge that this ring was given to you by your husband for a keep- take, but that matters not. Your own sense will tell you that it is not fear that prompts me to return it, but feeling, and the time-honoured maxim of honour among thieves. Perhaps it may be our lot hereafter to answer for this. If it be, I hopo you will not bo biassed by any of our esteemed friends the police, for if you and yours wero to speak tho truth you could notraccuse anyone positively, as tho night upon which j ou wero robbed was the last night of Shep- herd's ghost. Wo aro now going away. Wo will most certainly call in a fow months to soo you. No moro at present from your Midnight Friend." The prisoners lived in tho neighbourhood beforo the robbery, and shortly afterward removed. Mrs. Murray's son described that on his awaking on the morning of tho 7th ho saw his room in great disorder, and missed a shirt, a coat, and a ring ; tho ling produced ia his ; it was given to him by his mother. Elizabeth Harrison identified tho bolt as her property ; sho made it, and left it with her aunt, Mrs. Murray, for sale, only a few days beforo the robbory. Con- stablo Larkins deposed to tho apprehension of tho prisoners, Thomas Mackay and John Coghlan, William Porter, Emily Pmter,andAnnieBarIow; inabox owned by thomaloprisoner Porter ho found the belt before tho Court; tho ring and the letter ho received from Mrs. Murray ; on tho person of Mackay ho found a pocket-book containing memoranda, the writing of which, innis (Larkins') opinion, corresponds with the writing of the latter given up by Mrs. Murray, and post-marked 9th November. The prisoners lived in ono house in tho neighbourhood of Mrs. Murray beforo tho robbory, and afterwards-how soon afterward ho cannot .say-they removed to Redfern, where thoy lived together. Arthur W. Webster, ledger-keeper in tho Commercial Bank, an expert at handwriting, deposed that ho believes tho memoranda in tho book bofore tho Court, and the letter addressed to Mis. Momsen, aro by tho samo hand. Further evidence was given that the prisoners aro com- panions. , Committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Mr. Carroll cross-examined tho witnesses on behalf of tho three prisoners ; Mr. Robinson watching the case on behalf of Mackey. On the summons paper were sixteen cases, of which six wero dismissed, and five wcro not prosecuted. In Jelly v. Hardiman, same v. M'Laughlin, same v. G. Rowledge,-e,nd some v. W. Rowlcdge, proceedings undor tho Tenants Act, the complainant obtained warrants of possession. "Ambroso Davis was fined 20s. for nssaulting William H. Cutter. 