SPIRITUAL PHOTOGRAPHS. PIRITUAL photography, one of the g¥&at; spiritual shams in §ham?fevomng America, has been exposed. An enterprising photographer, named Mtjmber, engaged" to pall up spirits «find fix 'em" for the moderate sum of ten dollars per ghpist, aiad the little swindle yfO^ift 'Well for time, and M^SI^er was in a fail- way to make a fortune. But the Fates xver^i not propitious, for some unreasonable ' people thought they were paying a leetle too mu<fh for the portraits of their deceased relatives, andtbey charged tie gay J^uijoEE with obtaining money tinder false pretences. The trial lasted ten days, and some of the evidence was verv amusing. One of the officials of the Corporation (perchance an American J. T. Smith) was ordered to look into the business, and so he went and got photo- graphed. When the portrait was taken he was shown the plate, with a white face, something resembling a gentleman who had killed a turnip and sucked its blood, beside his own, and was told by the gallantMUMBER that it was his deceased father-in-law; but as the old party in question happened to be living, the official declined to put faith in Mumber's statement. Another witness, " Babntjm," the notorious showman and prince of humbugs, had bought a lot of Mumber's portraits, and hung them on the walls of his Museum as examples of humbug. Being anxious, he said, to find out how the thing was done. Bahntjm called on another photographer, and asked if he could take a spirit photograph. The artist said he could. The showman was permitted to examine the glass, witnessed the pouring over of the liquids, and then saw the glass placed in the camera. He could discover nothing unusual; but when the plate was produced it had Babnum's likeness and the shade of Abraham Lincoln on it. In the-eady- liojvever, the counsel for the prosecution succeeded irC'' ghosts were made. M. Bogabdus, practi^aK j^gjiJgfaflpWj^^^ihere were many ways of producing thescJ^cjSled spirit phofc^aphs. He could produce the picture of an meet' hoyermg^evena man'| head, or put a pair of horns on his heatt,:w{tlWjj yysh^ffig^at anything unusual had been done. Of Qoukejlx^was a trick, apdAeaoute photographer might find it out, but some good ones. He could take an impreks(Mi$if0, |e^fi^^plate; put the plate aside, either in the bath or wSewheief-andafterwards bring it out, and take a second picture on it. When the plate was developed both pictures would be developed together. The dimness of the portrait aided the deception." One of the spiritual shams having been exposed, it is to be hoped that a showing up of the others will soon follow, and that table-turning, spirit- rapping, Mr. Nayler, and the Glowworm, will soon become things of the past. By-the-by, would Mr. Nayler be kind enough to ask Lord Byron to repeat what he attempted to say to his valet just before he departed for spirit-land ? 