A SUMMER TRIP TO TASMANIA. (By AEgles, in the Melbourne Age. ) Ten years of the hottest side of Collins- street— ten years of business, a battle in a feverish and exciting occupation, with scarcely a break or interval of rest— predis posed me for a few weeks' holiday. Ten years of life in Melbourne implies more tha! a decade's wear and tear in duller auf casicr- goiug communities j aud thus it Wa with somethinc like the ardour of vn,, ? i! days I turned my back for a few weeks Ui!n,, the sweltering January heat, the blimlin' dust, and the streotyped complaints of i,aj Uines, for a short run out of harness By sea, of course. The landsman ever f,,r' getful of heave aud roll, of throbbing screw and thrashing wave, still turns longingly i,, blue water and the fresh breezes which' riu. pie and roughen its surface, to blow off t)Je accumulated cobwebs of a routine lifo ashore. In ordinary weather the home on the rolling deep, as experienced bulirccn Williamstawn and Quceuscliff, is e ijoyabu. enough. The kiiowuig-lcokuig young fc|. lows, with tbe yachtsman huts, are doiim nautical bilk iu the interval of cigar wliifij on the bridge. The passengers generally like genuine chips of the Anglo Saxon block glower mistrustfully at each othir, as they hnrn't been formally introduced. Unlike some steamboat managements, well-furnislioj dinner-tables on board the Tasmania steamer are provided, whilst we are still in smooth water. Running along merrily with a gentle breeze, and a varying panu. rama of wooded hills on the left, we adjourn to dinner en masse. We sit down to that an. petite-satisfying meal some fifty-seven stroiiLr in three brief hours the steward's bell &*. sembled for tea a poor half-dozen 1 Where are the rest of us ? Where are the yacht men who paid such vigorous attention to the cold sirloin — where can have concealed them selves those bold quaffcrs of pint beakers of summer stout whose digestion I had curiously regarded ? Not on deck are they to be found. Alns ! can those sounds of inarticu late distress represent all tliat we slial! know of our nautical passengers for the next four and twenty hours ? Sufferers', I sympathise with you. I fed deeply for you, prompted by that fellow feeling which mates the whole world kin. Like yourselves, that treach erous heave and plunge wlrich euphistie mariners call 'the rip' — that watery Cerlw rus which relentlessly guards lire gates ajar of the great Victorian harbor— lias proved a warning to myself. Prudent were those wide-awake giriff who retreated to those se cret and probably rose-leaf bowers which Providence, and the company, had provided especially for them, whilst we roue still in smooth water. They deprived themselves of the last view of those silent onceyed sen tinels rising tall, white, ghost-like- above the red bluffs of Queenscliff. I fancy these gen tle ones had crossedBass' Straits oficner than the owners of the scamanlikc hats-; and were discreet enough to be aware that human na tftirc never looks- so uninteresting, as when the sea-god compels an unwilling sacrifice. I think mankind never present so thoroughly humiliated an aspect ns when c!iiigin-r oi yulsively to the lee rail (having been ordered from the weather side). There is something particularly uncamiy looking in Uiose great lumps and pits o* water, wliich move like no ).-ecoguiscd nor orderly sea-swells. You can't tell to what dizzy height the nextwatery le ver will hoist your ship— into what pit of iuky liquid it may hurl her headlong. A dismal passenger clutching wildly at a be laying-pin reminds his neighbour, that a young lady was washed from tha- deck of Uie Black Swan.' at this partiuilar spot. However, we pass through our- Victorian hell-gate safely, as have thousands-; of ships before, and ere long we have the Pulpit Rock and the light on Gipe Schank ahrost abeam. With a favoring breeze gradually the lijrht dips down, and we lose for a titiie our last landmark of home. Within twenty hours of the Queen's Wharf, Melbourne, we are dose to the sea-mouth of the Tamar. Anil a very welcome -right is land to the unaccus tomed voyager, wen after so brief an inter val of salt watec In a few minutes we arc through the entrance of a noble tidal rive , with some forty miles of inland: navigation before us. I may as well confess that the scenery from George Town to Lamices ton makes a Victorian severely eiwious. One would'nt mind exchanging even our poeti cMiiynamea larra lurra for tfte broad and almost majestic Tamar. Again aud again the banks recede into bay after bay— tin hills rich wiili foliage, aud the occasional champaign lands now ycllowedlwith ripcuinp grain. Thea? are, of course, .some cletnents of Yarra navigation of which it would grieve the practical mind to be bercfiL As a busi ness community it would, no doubt, be very terrible to lose those bude&ng; industries ?which thrive and multiply upon the river bank in a rurnurknbly unpleasant atmosphere of repulsive; odors. But tfle assault ajtott the noBtrils-of people who give no thoughc to political economy is something so unparaleM that it is really worth the consideration of the owners of pascnger steamers., whether they ought not to receive and discharge passeDgws at some *( the Bay piers ilistead of running so revolting a gauntlet. Dam forgetting.' that it is of a»e Tamar I would say somethunj;. and not of the Yarra.. The picturesque bends nod sweeps of tlie- Tamar suggest the Hudsoai — the similitude- being, of course, in miniuinure. Near Launcestou there escists a natural barrier to navigation except ait favo able periods of tide There are Hours of every day when the- tittle steaniwis which brit^o the Strait* cannot pass rJus tar. ' Why don't they tafc& some trouWe to re move the obstade- ?' I inquired. 'My clao.r Sir,' replied Captain ? , ' they take nothing— but the- dues.' At length we are ari»ore, the people- most dilapidated by sea sickness havings freshened up- wouderfully in costume and! complexion, whilst we have been doing tho canal-boat business up the river, and boing warped round the slurp bend which Wads to the stuaw-boat wlwrf Thepier is. crowded, for tho by-weekly arri val of the Melbourne steamer is an event too scnsationsl to be neglected by the good pcoplo of Launceston, Amongst the cabs I see no hansoms, but several jingles of Melbourne fashion, and a genuine Snckvillc-strcet inside car, with a correspondingly national driver. Shortly the Launceston hotels have over flowed, and a portion of tho new arrivals have to hunt up lodgings where they can. The stranger can hardly help being struck with the lack of enterprise amongst the class who cater for the bodily wauts of travellers. Without desiring to decry the quality of hotel acooinodatiou, it does seem remark able that the Launceston Hotels arc full for about four and twenty hours after the steamer arrives, and are then almost empty uutlla fresh batch of arrivals give them another four and twenty hours supply of short-staying incidentals. Nine out of ten of the tourists who land at Launceston make a hasty scampering visit to Corra Linn, the Punch Bowl, and the Cataract, and go on, with the shortest possible delay, to Hobart Town which, with its surrounduigs, monopo lises the greater part of their time, mid bene fits largely the outlay of visitors. Now 'tliout decrying the tmtuni! bonuty of the lwwcnt, Ihc picturesque situation ot Uo i t Town, with its always grand back mund of Mount Wellington, I think thai, n n iniioritv of visitors to Tasmania miss an ?nftoitv °f beauty in the country lmut 'Uunccston. In former years I made enrae fitov »' tl)i; B0'atlK'rn cipiial, and upon this occasion 1 embraced the opportunity of looking '' a llU!.v «!!cnt'''Kt'lic Wlli' at »'luit va& to be fioen within a thirty ni.les' radius f the northern city. Laiwestan strikes the ?iatorfroin Melbourne as uncommonly ftn ,-.\,cd(Hnttiul no double meaning). The niiblic buildings and houses are complete, and have no blank gables left upon which to '',.), new wings when business expands. Tlicv don't expect businuss to expaud, and therefore t!-ey finish their public aw and clmrelies out of hand.o It \\\\-as with almost antiquarian interest I TPZ& an inscription dated 1825 upon a memo rial marble in a Launceston church. The rlinrm of Launceston is that it is thorougly Fnclish in appearance. You might fancy TOursolf in any one of fifty fourth-rate Brit ish market towns. After the harsh newness ?rf uostsrt Melbourne, there is a mature mel lowness, sometimes dashed with mildew, ',..?„!, nffnrds just the kind of contrast a vi Stor needs. A well-built little town is Launceston teresatque rotundus Nestling ?no. saucer-like hollow, from the surrounding heiehU there are ample opportunities ofen iovW -ts q««et- comfortable-looking slow MiiiK well-to-do appearance. If it be sleepj iiolloW, is rot that just what the wanderer from tlie busy workshop wants'? People nrowl at the dulness after flying from its di rect opposite. About the town, its surround inirs and possible future, I have a good deal to say which I must postpone for another week. 