Planchette. WITHIN tho last twen ty-five years, or, to speak more precisely, , since tho year 1848, mankind, in Christen dom, have been star tled by a new revela tion, or by what its adherents profess to consider as such, con cerning tho state of existence in which tho spirits of human beings move after death. Al most every people.un der tho sun have enter tained tho belief that we are surrounded by spirits - of some kind or another,' having much of tho attri butes and weaknesses of human beings, but in a supereminent degree, and manifesting a certain amount of interest in mundane affairs. But anything like regular intercommunion between tho spirits and man kind has been regarded as opposed to divine order, and only to be effected by tho agency of evil beings. Tho peasantry of every country have their ghost stories without number ; but tho general sentiment amongst thom is that only malevolent or suffering spirits aro allowed to manifest themselves to mankind. Most of tho recorded actions of tho genii, fames, &c;, exhibit thom as vory whimsical, spiteful, and treacherous beings ; while the spirits of tho dead, judging by tho reports to hand hithorto concerning thom, have only appeared'when they have boon suffering for somo crime committed on them or by them, when in tho flesh. The appearance of happy spirits on this earth would seem to have been- exceedingly rare ; the reports of such being almost exclusively confined to tho chronicles of tho Catholic Church, which pro fessed to regard thom as extraordinary manifestations of divino favour, towards soino few of her moro favoured devotees. As to tho condition of tho spirits of men aftor death, tho Catholic Church had pretty well committed horsolf to tho statomont that out of hell there is no redemption ; so that tho souls of tho extremely wicked aro thus incapable of re-visiting tho scenes of their misdeeds in tho flesh. Concerning thc souls of the just, sho had laid down thc rule that men of extraordinary virtue might bo favoured with visions of such j but they were regarded only as special marks of divine favour, and wcro entirely innocent of any positivo "information" cither upon mundano or spiritual matters. Tho devotee in his moment of holy rapture beheld tho heavens 021011, perhaps, and miw as did Ignatius Loyola, tho founder of tho order of tho Jesuits, thc " Trinity" demons crated, or somo equally sublime mystery explained ; but anything liko inter course botween thoso divine beings and tho' favoured individuals who saw them was considered out of tho question. There still remained tho intermediate spirits, which, according to tho teachings of tho Catholic Church, undergo a peculiar kind of punish ment, fitting them for tho onjoyincnt of futuro, happi ness. These tho Church admitted might revisit tho earth under certain circumstances, such as for tho pur pose of exposing somo great crimo in which they had been concerned during their lifetime, and which pro vented them from enjoying "roposo" after death. But it was understood that the mission of such super natural visitants to this earth was confined to tho discovery of such crimo by tho merest pantomime ; and whon their object had been accomplished they disappeared for over. "Without committing horsolf to any particular statements regarding tho intermediate world occupied by tho spirits of thoso who were noithor good enough for heaven nor wicked onough for hell, the Catholic Church has loft it to bo under stood that tho abodes of such spirits were far removed from this earth, and their return to it only vouchsafed on special occasions, as already pointed out. But while assuming, this attitude as regarded spiritual intercourse with tho bulk of man kind, tho Church by her actions acknow ledged that some in dividuals were enabled to hold converse with tho spirits whenever they desired. During tho dark ages, quite a number of wizards and witches sprang into, existence, and these professed to hold constant communion with beings in another state of existence. That they must have produced some evidence in support of their pretensions thcro is not n shadow of doubt ; for wo find them everywhere thc objects of tho most crud persecutions, not of tho ignorant populaco alone, but of tho Catholic clergy themselves. Nor did tho reformation in tho Church do away with tho belief in witchcraft. Down to tho nineteenth century wo find "advanced Protes tants" in Now England pursuing supposed witches with tho most cruel and relentless fury. It is true that there has always existed in Christendom a class of sceptics, never very numerous, which has persis- tently endeavoured to laugh down tho foolish super stitions of tho populace ; but even amongst tho staunchest of those sceptics tho wildest delusions have sometimes broken out like an epidemic, and have swept away in an hour tho laborious reasonings of a life time. A superior class of pretenders, if pretenders they were, to a knowledge of supermundane beings arose too at tho period when scepticism was most rife amongst tho educated few, and when superstition was most rabid amongst tho illiterate many. The astound ing pretentious of tho Rosicrucian Brotherhood, and one or two other kindred associations, were the theme of conversation in tho most enlightened circles ; while tho quasi revelations of Albertus Magnus, Cagliostro, and others, were accepted with avidity, by many of those who had previously made a boast of their infide- lity, or scepticism on all matters relating to another state of existence. Tho impression made upon tho scientific by those people was, however, but very temporary, and did not extend beyond tho period of their own generations in any case ; so that modern sceptics regard them as clever impostors who had stumbled on some of the phenomena of animal magnetism and electro-biology, and made tho most of their discoveries with an inquisitive and unenlightened public. "What favours this view of tho case is tho fact that nearly all those professed "mediums" of inter course between mankind and the spirits, sold their pretended revelations for gold. Besides, it was notorious that they were more than ordinarily addicted to tho pleasures and follies of the world ; whereas it must have been natural to suppose that tho peculiar privileges which they enjoyed as "mediums" rendered them to a great extent insensible to mundane pleasures and attractions, and almost wholly indepen dent of tho gold of those who consulted them on spiritual matters. Notwithstanding all this, however, they left behind them some psychological problems which cannot be satisfactorily explained even at this day ; and which are usually disposed of by an in- credulous sneer on tho part of tho more determined sceptics. "Where there is a determination to call in question tho veracity of all witnesses of supernatural manifestations there is an end to all controversy upon such subjects as a matter of course. But tho common sense of mankind revolts against tho insinuation that all the testimony adduced by tho various witnesses in behalf of tho disclosures of those people is utterly false. Thus tho question stood, up to tho middle of the present century; tho scientific class becoming every day more sceptical as to tho existence of spirits at all; while tho Christian Church, feeling herself compelled to keep pace with tho advance of material philosophy, has of late given tho weight of her moral influence to tho teachings of science ; which has been to show that matter is governed by immutable laws, and that therefore miracles of any kind are impossible. Of course this view of tho mat- ter places every one who believes in tho Bible in a very awkward predicament. "We have miracles, and spiritual manifestations there recorded out of number ; and if they are entitled to the most unquestioning faith, why should modern miracles be impossible? Various ingenious, and elaborate attempts have been made to surmount this difficulty, but to very little purpose. Tho rationalistic expounders of Bible mysteries, like tho reverend authors of tho Essays and Reviews, and Bishop Colenzo, have been stigmatised as infidels for their pains, by tho alarmed heads of their church ; while on tho other hand tho most vigorous efforts to put down superstition amongst the people are enjoined by tho same clerical chiefs on their sub- ordinates of the church. In tho meantime, however, a new revelation on spiritual and supernatural mat- ters, has been vouchsafed to thousands of enlightened men and women throughout tho Christian world. "We call it a revelation because it is accepted as such by very many people who are in every respect worthy of credence ; and because it is daily making converts, and its adherents are numbered not by hundreds, but abso- lutely by millions. Christianity itself was not ushered in with a tithe of tho eclat, nor had it for some centu- ries anything like tho prospects of ultimate success, which have marked tho introduction and progress of spiritualism since the year 1848. It is now tho belief of millions that intercourse the most continuous and thorough, may be had with tho spirits of all who have existed on this earth, by any one desirous of obtaining tho privilege. The adherents of spiritualism do not attempt to deny that much imposition has been prac- tised by professed "mediums"; but they assert, with much show of reason, that spiritualism is no moreo to be discredited by reason of such impositions than Chistianity should be rendered unworthy of belief by tho charlatanism of too many of its expositors. As many of the revelations of spiritualism flatly contra- dict many preconceived notions upon tho state of the human soul in tho next life, there is at present some thing like a mild war waged against it by the Christian Churches ; and it would seem as if tho success of spiritualism were incompatible with an unmodified faith in tho dogmas of those Churches. Of course tho adherents of spiritualism on tho one hand, and zealous Christians on tho other, are unwilling to break with each other abruptly ; but it is inevitable that if spirit- ualism gains universal ascendancy, Christianity, as at present constituted, must be swept away. Tho spirits, we believe, say that all religions are true in a sense, and necessary to men, in certain stages of intellectual progress; but that tho day is approaching when forms may be entirely dispensed with, and tho Creator may be served in a rational and consistent manner by all His creatures. General and somewhat vague as this statement is, it is easy to perceive that when it be comes prevalent there will be an end to our present systems of church government ; although, of course, it is not so easy to see whether they will be superseded by other systems of more or less elaborate construction eventually. At all events tho danger is perceived by tho churches and they are somewhat anxiously awaiting the further development of the new creed. Tho attitude of the scientific world towards spiritualism has been, on the whole, injudicious. By pretending to look upon the matter as an imposture from beginning to end, and as unworthy of serious refutation, scientific men have but increased tho popularity of spiritualism, if we may use the expression. Nothing can be more unsatisfactory to even an honestly inquiring sceptic, than tho manner in which scientific men have regarded tho phenomena of spiritualism. Utterly regardless of tho fact, that those phenomena are exerting a great influence throughout Christendom, scientific men treat them as if they were of no more importance than tho display of conjurors ; indeed, they do not accord them so much consideration as they do to tho latter. When they have been invited to an investigation of tho phenomena of spiritualism, they have insistod upon conditions with which it was perfectly impossible for tho " mediums,' in producing those phenomena, to have complied, even were they willing to do so. Thus, it has been insisted, that tho phenomena should be produced in tho full glare of daylight, at stated hours, and repeated when demanded by the investigator. Now, when it is borne in mind, that tho "mediums" are entirely at tho will of tho spirits, it will be seen that it is impossible for them to impose conditions of so arbitrary a character as those mentioned ; notwithstanding which, their inability to do so has been seized upon as a proof of imposition. It seems to us on tho contrary, that the mere fact of illiterate, and ignorant men, like Mr. Home and others, inviting such men as Professor Tyndal to an investigation of spiritual phenomena "under any circumstances," is a prima facie proof of tho genuineness of those manifestations. We are entitled to expect that scientific men shall disprove the genuineness of spiritual manifestations, by showing how similar manifestations may be produced without tho intervention of spirits. It is, to say tho least, a most anomalous state of affairs when uneducated indi- viduals can produce phenomena which men of highly cultivated intellect, trained to difficult investigations, cannot, after a quarter of a century's observation, satisfactorily account for or imitate. Under such cir- cumstances, it is not wonderful that popular opinion favours tho spiritualists. It is quite true, that some of tho most gifted " mediums" have been accused of trickery in some of their worldly dealings; but that does not give any explanation of some of tho phenomena which they have produced in tho presence of witnesses of unimpeachable veracity. Mr. Home is charged, and we believe truly, with attempting to secure a fortune for himself in a most discreditable manner ; but that fact is no solution of tho mysterious powers by which his body is lengthened, or shortened, half a foot at a time, and by which he is floated about in tho air in tho presence of even watchful sceptics. Frofessor Tyndall may profess to look upon those manifestations as puerile ; but thousands of intelligent and educated men, including tho Emporor Napoleon himself, have professed their faith in those manifestations o spiritual agency. It is clearly a duty, which scientific men owe to themselves and to society, to thoroughly investigate tho phenomena of spiritualism, They may rest assured that their contemptuous indif- ference on tho subject will not have much weight with tho public, opposed as it is by tho exertions of thousands of staunch believers, and by the protestations of men in every way entitled to credit. Some of the most re- markable of tho phenomena connected with modern spiritualism are produced by, or through tho agency of, a little instrument called " planchette," of which we have given an engraving at tho head of this article. It is a piece of board shaped somewhat like a heart, and is about seven inches thick by seven wide. It is mounted on three legs of equal length, two of which terminate in small wheels or castors. Tho third leg is a pencil thrust through tho apex of tho instrument, and with this pencil tho phenomena of "planchette" art produced. In tho centre of tho board there is a disc of metal, alleged to be merely ornamental. Tho instru ment is operated on by two or more persons placing tho tips of their fingers gently upon it ; but it may be operated on by a powerful medium, simply holding a string which is fastened to one of the legs, and standing ten or twelve foot distant from it. Tho phenomena exhibitod by " planchette" consist in writing answers to questions, which any individual present may ask mentally ; and in drawing various representations of animate and inanimate nature, copies of works of art, &c.; Thus, three or more persons shall sit round a table, on which this little board is placed, and two of them shall place tho tips of their fingers on it, at thc same time requesting any individual present to ask a question "mentally;" whereupon tho "planchette" will rapidly write an answer to tho question which has boon hoard by no one present ; and in a great majority of cases tho answers are found to be intelligent and cor rect. This frequently occurs when every one present is utterly inexperienced in tho phenomena of spiritualism, and total strangers to each other, and are therefore in capable of trickery, whether of collusion or of sleight of hand. Long conversations have thus been carried on with respect to matters wholly unknown to every one present save tho interrogator. The motions of the instrument seem, to those whose fingers rest upon it, to be entirely independent of their own wills ; their only care being not to offer any resistance to its pro gress. People have sat down to this instrument with a sheet of paper placed under it, and, by simply laying tho tips of their fore fingers on it, have produced drawings of exceeding artistic merit ; notwithstanding tho notorious fact that they had never previously made an attempt at drawing, nor had tho slightest theoretical knowledge of tho art. Its motion is described as being on some occasions exceedingly deliberate, while at others it has moved with lightning rapidity, and tho greatest precision. In writing, it traces letter after letter with tho greatest accuracy, until tho reply to tho question asked is written out in full, when it rushes back swiftly to tho beginning of a new line, and thora stops abruptly, until a fresh effort is demanded from it by any one of tho spectators. A great deal of discus sion has been indulged in upon tho marvels produced by this little instrument ; but tho genuineness of such have been too well attested to leave room for suspicion of collusion, or of sleight of bond, in a very largo num ber of cases which have been investigated in Europe and America. Scientific men, in so far as they have vouchsafed to investigate the matter, favour, tho hy pothesis that tho human body may become tho medium tor tho transmission of force to inert and dead matter, in obedience to tho will of others. Thus, tho interro gator would frame tho answer to his own questions, mentally put to "planchette," and this answer would pass from his mind to tho fingers of those who were tho nominal operators, and cause those fingers to give tho necessary impulse to tho "planchette," and produce tho written answer in full ! But this seems to us to be endeavouring to account for one miracle by bringing forward half a dozen still more astounding miracles. If we can admit tho possibility of intelligence detach ing itself from tho human brain, and setting in motion a piece of wood, in such a manner as to cause it to execute drawings of rare merit, and to write answers to unspoken questions, it scorns that we are not far from granting all demanded by tho spiritualists. For our part, we prefer the solution of such phenomena offered by tho spiritualists, as making less demands upon our credulity, than tho monstrous supposition given above, Tho whole affair is as yet surrounded with mystery, and we can only regret that it has not been more thoroughly investigated by those so well qualified by natural endowments and intellectual training, to throw some scientific light upon it. 