MARSHAL M'-MAHON. ; 1 men of the. time. M'Mahon, Marie-Edine-Patrick-Man- rice, French marshal and senator, was born at Antumy in 1808, and derives his descent from the' Irish family who risked and lost all for the last of our Stuart kings. The M'Mabons, carrying their national traditions, ancestral pride, and historic name, to France, mingled their blood by marriage with the old nobility' of their adopted country. General MvAfahon having entered ihe military service of Franco in 1S25, as member of tbo school of St. Cyr, was in 1830 sent to the Algerian wars ; and in 1832, while actiugas aide-de-camp to General Achai'd, took part iu Iho exhibition to Antwerp. Ho attained to the rank of captain in 1833, and, after holding the post of aide-de-camp to several African Generals, and taking part in the assault on Con stantino, ho was, in 1840, nominated .Major of Foot Chasseurs ; in 1842, Lieutennni-Col. of the Foreign Legion ; in 1815, Colonel of the 41st of the Line; and in 1848, General of Brigade. When, in 1S55, Canro'aert left the Crimea, General M'Mahon being then in France, was selected by I be Emperor to succeed him in the command of a division ; and when the chiefs of tho allied armies resolved on assaulting Sebastopol on the 8th of September, they assigned to General M'Mahon the perilous post of carrying the works of llm Malakoff. For his brilliant success on this occasion he was elevated to the dignity of Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour ; aud iu 1156 was nominated a Knight Grand Cross of the Bath. M'Mahon bore a conspicuous part in the Italian campaign of 1S59, titn'i promptly received the baton of a marshal in acknowledgement of his services iu the battle of Magenta, and was subsequently created Duke of Magenta, in commemmoration of that victory. At the commencement of tlie present year (1865) he was appointed Governor of Algeria, and was despatched thither (o quell a formidable insurrection of the Arabs. Favre, Gabriel Claude Jules, advocate and politician, born at Lyons 31st March, 1S09, was prosecuting his studios for the bar at' the outbreak of the l-ovuluiion of -July, 1830, in which he took an active part. He soon after wards commenced practice, whilst the in dependence of his rhtri'actcr. the bitter irony of his address, and tho radicalism of his of-ir.ions, made him a reputation, and he has remained tho consistent champion of French republicanism, in the press, in the different national Assmiibiies, and at the bar. After the revolution of February, 18-18, he became Secretary-General of the Ministry of the Interior, and was the author of the circular to tho Commissioners of the Provisional Government, as .veil as of the " Bulletins" of the same year. Ho officiated for soma time as Under- Secretary for Foreign Affairs, voted for the prosccntioti of MM Louis Blanc and Caussidicre for their complicity iu the insurrection of June, 1S-18 ; refused to join in a vote of thanks to General Cavaignac, and opposed Ihe expedition to Rome of December 184S. He became the slretions oppouent of Lov.is Napoleon after the letter's election lo the Presidency; and tlie leader of tho Montagno on the flight of M. Ledru Roi'ttn. Elected after the conp d'etat of 1851 to the General Council of the Loire- et-Rhone, lie refused to take the oath to the new constitution. His defence of Orsini in 1858 created a great sensation by its boldness and eloquence. In the same year he became a member of the Legislative body ; since which time lie has distinguished himself bvr his speeches in favor of complete liberty of the press, against the law of " deportation," the war with Austria oflS59, and in 1S64 by an attack on tho policy of Ihe Imperial Government in the Mexican war. M. Favre published in 1837 a work entitled Contemporaneous Biography. Many of his most famous speeches and several phamplets have been published. He was elected hatonnbr of the Order of Advocates at Paris iu August 1S60, and again in 1SG1, and a member of the French Academy in May, 1867. SCENES OF THE PRESENT CONFLICT. Sarrebruck is a town of Prussia, in the province of tbc Rhine, regency and 42 miles S.S.E. of Treves, on the left bank of the Surra, opposite St. Johann, with which it is connected by a bridge. Population 2,700. It has a church and a Lutheran gj-muasium ; and contains manufactories of porcelain, alum, to bacco, and clotb, a saw-mill, and iron and steel-works. Its trade consists chiefly in wood and coal. The environs are sandy and well wooded. This town is said to have been founded about the middle of the 10th century, and to have been given by Henry III." to the church of Metz. Subsequently to its passing to the house of Nassau, it was fortified, but iu 1678 was taken and reduced to ashes by tho Imperialists. The circle com prises 75 square miles. Population, 50.000. Rhenns is a largo aud ancieut city of .Fia.tce, in the depaitm.-nt of the Marne, on the Vesle, in a fine plain. The form of the city -is oblong. It is surrounded with a ditch and earthen mcund. A- considerable part of . the space enclosed within the walls is occupied with gardens and walks. The closely built part, not ono half of tbo space enclosed, is a , regular oval, of which the squai-e called the Royal Square may: be considered the centre. The streets are in general wide and straight ; in some quarters, however, they are winding and narrow. One of tho finest, is the very long street, which leads in a straight line across the whole width- of-the -town, from the eastern to tho western gate, .passing through the centre of the Royal, square.-:- The town has six gates, all of fine appear ance, from tlie spricious and shady avenhes leading to the city. The most remarkable'' public building is : tlie cathedral, a vast Gothic edifice of tlie 12th century, and ' one of the finest spe cimens of that kind of architecture, in France. The church of St Remy is worth , notice, ! both for; its architecture, and as; the depositary; of the ' famous phial of oil - with which the kings aire nnnointed. The episcopal palace, near the cathedral, is a fine building. .. The town-hall is remarkable for its vast size, and the beauty of its front.- Rheims contains three hospitals, and presents to the antiquary a considerable field for re: search. A university, founded here in 1547, is now replaced by a royal college, or high school. The chief manufactures are cotten and woollens ; also hats rind stockings. The population is estimated at 37,000. 100 miles E. by N. Paris. ; The Fir/aro talks about the "adorable" young English lady, Miss Payne, with whom- the Prince Imperial danced at; a ball the other evening. Now we thought that Miss Payne, who has suddenly achieved fame on account of the remark able circumstance that she performed in a quadrille along witli" " Velocipede IY." — as the Figaro called him in its rabid moments — was an American ; for we were told that the news of the great honor conferred on her was immediately telegraphed to America, and read with delight by the nation which looks upon Paiis as Paradise. However, the Figaro sneers at the information supplied to English journals ; and quotes from one of them a statement that " the Prince, following tho counsel of a Minister, wished to open the ball with tho wife of an author, and therefore ehose the beauiiful ' Madame de Pavne.' " And all this about a boy and a quadrille ! According to the correspondent of the Xciv Tori: Herald, M. Cupel, the M. Catesby of "Lolhair," is the son of poor parents of that city, and was brought up iu one of its poor schools. At twenty lie was sent to a Roman Catholic training college at Hammersmith, where ho at tracted the attention of Cardinal Vise- man, who scut him to Rome lo complete his education for the priesthood. He was for some time resident as a priest at Pan, in the Pyrenees. He has travelled extensively in the East, and is repre sented as being equally accomplished in society and able as a preacher. He is about thirty-seven years of ago. The Ceueeds. — The work of engag ing a crew for Ihe Cerebns, four, turret- ship, at Chatham Dockyard, has been begun. This crew will work the ship out to Melbourne. The rlnte of tlie depar ture of the Cerebns lias not yet been fixed. The Vat: and Tedeoi; \pnv. — " It is an ill wind that blows nobody good." It is possible that tlie outbreak of war will materially increase the revenue derived by tho Chancellor of tho Ex chequer from the telegraphs. The num ber of telegraphic massages passing through the central station in Telegraph- street. tho other day. was nearly 19,500, or 4,500 above tho usual daily average. Paths Pkepared for a Siege. — The Journal Ofiiciel say's it would require au armv of half a million to invert its fortifications, while 80.000 would suffice to defi-nd them, aud there are troops enough now in and around the city to furnish tho necessary garrison. These, with sailors from Ihe fleet, which could be procured, the Garde National, the Garde Municipal, and the firemen, would make up a solid army of 100,000. Incident of the War. — Amongst the distinguished Germans v.-lio have been summoned to take up arms on behalf of their country are Prince Plcss, tlio pur chaser of Blue Gown, nnd M. An-.ho, who some time sineo bought the Colonel. M. Andre has, with praiseworthy patriotism, made a present of the son of Knight of Ivars and Boadicea to the King of Prussia, with the hope that ho may become His Majesty's favourite charger. The double winner of the Grand National will doubtless soon ho called ou to give proof whether lie cau behave as well under fire as across a stiff line of country. Fire-damp Explosion. — A disastrous explosion from fire-damp has occurred at a village near Swansea, in Wales, by which nineteen miners were killed and several others wounded. Anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne. — The 180th anniversary of the. Battle of the Boyne was celebrated at Dundee, Scotland, with the nsual mani festations of loyalty and rejoicing. Explosion of Oil-works. — Three men have been killed by an explosion of some oil-works at Leith, in Scotland. Extraordinary Criminal Case.- A case is recorded where a murderer. very nearly vvcc.wi'he'iV.g'-Afumt ifi If g r& Ve1 t nro ngfl which the boundary of a county ran, aud there was some difficulty in proving whether the body was found in the county. A curious story is told of the murder of au old clergyman who was remarkable for snow- white and rather woolly hair. Suspicion fell on a man seon near the spot that day, and' on; his being apprehended, there was found in his possession a bill- hook, with some blood and 'snow- white woolly hairs upon it. Upon this evidence the man was convicted, hut thojudge, not being wholly satisfied with the verdict, granted a fortnight's respite. However, before this was commnuicated to the prisoner, he. had acknowledged his gnilt. While walking in the prison vard he saw at a window a man with snow-white hair, and so exactly resembling his victim, that lie thought ifc must he his ghost, and under the influence of his belief he had rnado a full confession. Tho most remarkable part of this was that the murder was comm. tied with a sword, which was afterwards thrown away in a wood, while the blood and white hairs on the bill were Those- of a sheep. 