€{re $Ukrint Jffralir. ECSUCA, WEDNESDAY, MARCS 23, 1870. We are informed that the promoters of the late public meetiner held for the purpose of taking into consideration the conduct of the Crown Lands Bailiff, bare been blamed for taking; such a step on the eve of an official enquiry. This may be a natural objection for Mr Stephenson's admirers to take, but at the same time it is oue which cannot very reasonably be urged. When a large number of men feel themselves oppressed by an in tolerable grievance, of which they have vainly been endeavoring to rid themselves, they have a right to adopt every possible means in their power for the purpose. The investigation which was about to take place was to be held, it was to be presumed, with the object of ascertaining whether the pro ceedings of the bailiff have been unneces sarily vexatious and irritating, ft was quite possible, it might be considered, for him to prove that in the majority of instances his conduct had been warranted by the letter of the law. But the general opinion is that he has purposely misinterpreted the spirit of the law, and that he has taken advantage of his official position to harass individuals by bring ing against them charges of a most frivolous description. Some of the cases bear on the face of them evidence of needless interfer ence. The complaints against him are numerous, and loudly made; and the position the offended portion of the public take is that they demand his removal from the district. A court of enquiry hears certain accusations and the evidence in support of them, and while these individually may not appear to amount to a great deal against the accused, yet, in the aggregate, they constitute a very | grave offence against the people; and on this point the Government is bound to give atten tion to an expression of feeling on the part of a loyal, orderly, and respectable community. Those who remember the early days of the gold-fields have seen something of this sort before. They may recollect that a Commis sion of Enquiry into the conduct of the officials had some difficulty in arriving at the truth of matters, and that it was the united voice of the miners that decided at .last the doom of the tyrannous system to which they were subjected. It must be borne in mind that Mr Stephenson was not to be placed on his trial on any charge involving his life or liberty. The question at issue was simply this—have his acts generally been such, as an officer of the Lands department, as to render them publicly oppressive and obstructive, through an habitual stretch of authority beyond the absolute requirements of the law ? The public say we are the best, if not the only tribunal to give a decision; for if it is found that the law, and not the man, is at fault, then our interests demand that the law should be immediately altered. We have jet to learn that in a British dependency it is intended by the framers of any Act of Par liament that the people shall be oppressed, and their progress impeded by its actions; and if its provisions are injudiciously and obnoxiously administered, that the mouths of the public shall be shut to expostulation. The holding of a public meeting, to give ex pression to such a feeling, may be taken as conclusive evidence that an alteration is re quired, and will have to be made. An event of this week of no little im portance to a considerable section of the com munity of Echuca has been the departure of the Rev. Mr Fitchett, who has been resident here as Wcsleyan Minister for the past two years. On Sunday eveniog he bid his con gregation farewell in an eloquent and im pressive sermon; on Monday evening a vale dictory meeting took place in the Wesleyan Church, and on Tuesday morning he took his departure, to commence his duties as resident clergyman at Prahran. Mr Fitchett's career in Echuca has been one of an eminently use ful character. Through bis exertions, a handsome, roomy and substantial church has been erected, which is at once a credit to him, to the Wesleyan body, and to the town. Previous to his coming here, services were held in a building, which was not only inoommo dious, but was beginning to be in a sadly ricketty condition. He saw at once that a great want existed, and set himself to work zealously, and as the result has proved, suc cessfully, to supply it. Nor has this been the only place of public worship he has been the means of erecting in the neighborhood. While energetically and indefatigably performing his sacred duties in Echuca. he haB had an eve tn the spiritual welfare of a small community located on the other side of the Murray, in a district known as Tatailla. Here a few families have settled themselves down, under the free selection clauses of the Land Act of New South Wales, and having had several milcB to travel to a church, and being without the immediate means of educating their chil drea, tbey have been provided with a small building for these purposes, through tbe kind instrumentality of AlrFitehett. Undoubtedly his untiring efforts in these respects entitle him to very honorable mention on his de parture from tbe district. As a clergyman, he is spoken of by his. congregation in very high and enviable terms, and he has so en deared himself to them by his kindly and considerate conduct, that his removal, without any disparagement to the merits and qualifi cations of his successor, is regarded as a. very great and grievous loss. As a citizen, Mr' Pittohett is held in universal esteem, and as a private individual, all who are acquainted with i him can testify to his possession of a most amiable, cheerful, and genial disposition. We think then, we are warranted in giving ex pression to a feeling of publio regret at the departure of a most worthy member of the. community, and in expressing a warm wish i on tbe part of the people of Kchuca and the neighboring districts for his future happiness and welfare. Wb have frequently heard it suggested that the proprietors of those industries, for wbioh it np^eara to be so difficulty find a suitable locality anywhere in the neighborhood of Melbourne, would be consulting their interests by turning their eyes in the direction of the Murray. If the idea has not occurred to them, it might perhaps be doing them a good turn to lay the advantages of suoh a removal before them. If they are such as would be acceptable to them it is a pity they are not fully made known. Any one, therefore, who is thoroughly conversant with such matters would be doing a public good by publishing their views. It is evident enough that the establishment of whatever will afford the means of employment in this locality would be beneficial to the towns of Echuca and Moama. But persons fully acquainted with the nature of the businesses which are in such an unenviable state of disturbance about Melbourne, can alone decide whether they could be moved hither with profit. We hear it said they are sure to be turned eventually clear away from the precincts of the Metro polis, and will have to betake themselves to some of the distant settlements on the coasts, and that it would be far preferable for them to come at once to this part of the Mur ray where the railway will place them in direot and speedy communication with the sea board. The subject may be worthy of consideration, and we should like to see it fully discussed by those who practically understand it. For some industries there can be no doubt this :s a very fitting locality, but whether all that are now being driven to a change would benefit by removing hither, we cannot undertake to say. The parties en gaged in them must surely be'the best judges of that. If, as we have 6aid, they have not thought of it, it would be a charity, we should imagine, considering the awkward dilemma in which they are placed, to put it into their heads. The attention of tha pastoral tenants in Victoria is called to a latter which appeared in the Melbourne Economist of the 18th instant, under the signature of an " Old Colonist," in which they are earnestly invited to enter into a subscription for the purpose o* presenting a testimonial to Mr J. S. Horsfall. '['he eminent services rendered by Mr Horsfall to the pastoral interest are undoubtedly deserving of consideration, aod it is pointed out that "a small sum from each squatter would be sufficient to form a fund for the purchase of a testimonial to be presented to him on his return to the colony" from Eng land, which is expected about the end of the year. The writer of the letter contributes £1, and the editor of the Economist, who has i consented to act" as treasurer, will receive any subscriptions that may be forwarded to him. Unquestionably, if the exertions of any man in behalf of a section of the community is deserving of recognition, a marked acknow ledgment of their indebtedness to Mr Horsfall is due to him by the pastoral tenants of Victoria. The following telegram was reoeived last evening from Melbourne:—Draper was brought up at thu City Court this morning on a new oharge of embezzling £1900, money belonging to the Bank. Mr Casey for the proseaution, and Mr Miller for the defenoe. Ho was oommitted for trial at the sessions in April. The Assembly is debating Captain M'Mahon's motion. Mr Mao pherson said the Government proposed to bring up resolutions to-morrow with a view to the re duction of the expenditure, and to ask for an ad journment. of the House for a few weeks in order to remodel the Estimates, not to withdraw tbem. News has been rsoeived of the death of Mr J. Guthrie, of the Victorian Customs, in Tas mania. The 11. M.S. Malta will be deBpatohed from HobBon's Bay with the European mails on the 29th inst. The ofBae at Eohuoa will be olosed for registered letters at 6 p.m. on Saturday, the 26th inst; for newspapers via Southampton, at 7 a.m. on Monday, the 28th inst; for ordinary letters via Southampton, Marseilles, and Breudisi, at 4 p.m. on the 28th inst. Money orders, payable in the United Kingdom will be issued up to 6 p.m on Saturday, 26th inst. The Rev. W. H. Fitchett took his departure yesterday hy the morning train from Ecbnoa, in order to fill his new appointment as resident Wes ley an Minister at Prahran. A very large number of his friends assembled on the platform at the station to Bee him off, and bid their last adieus. It may be gratifying to those who take an interest in hia future career to know that the new scene of hip labors is rapidly rising to importance, as will be seen from the following, whioh we olip from the Daily Telegraph of yesterday:—"Prah ran having now a gross revenue of over £10,000 per annum, it was agreed at a meeting of the counoil last evening that the Government be re quested to oonfer the title on the borough of the ' Town of Prabran.' It is the first suburb whioh has made a move to hiive itself constituted a town under the 407th olause of the new Borough Statute." In pursuance of the provisions of the 100th Beotion of the Land Aot 1869, and in accordance with the seventh regulation thereunder, the Go vernment Gazette notifies that applications for lioenses nnder part 2 of the said Aot, and all ob jections to the issue of such lioenses, will be pub lioly heard by the parsons appointed by the Minister of Lands to bear the same, on the dates and at the plaoes speoified hereunder:—Eohnoa, Thursday, 31st Maroh, at tea a.m.—Assistant Commissioner of Lands and Survey, District Polioe Magistrate, Distriot Surveyor. Honorary members: Mayor of Eohnoa, Chairman of Dis trict Road Board of Eohuoa. Sandhurst, Friday, 8th April, at eleven a.m. A sale of Crown lands will be held at Eohnca on the 12th April, A quantity of matter in type is held over. Among other things is a report of the enquiry held yesterday by Mr Maokny, Inspector of Crown Lands Bailiffs, into the diaries made against Mr Btephenson. Eleven witnesses were examined, and the investigation terminated. Mr Ferguson, Inspector of State Forests, was present, during the enquiry. An unfortunate man, who was Buffering from disease of the heart in a very dangerous form, having been unable to obtain admission to tho Swan Hill Hospital, which, it appears, was /nil at the time he applied, prooeeded tip the 'river. His condition may be imagined when it is stated that he was five days in walking fifteen miles. Having at length reaohed Gonn, the station of Mr Cape), he was kindly permitted by that gen tleman to remain there. He lingered a few weeks and died, and was buried at the station. One of the iron snagging punts arrived at the wharf from the lower river {yesterday, and the other is expected to-day. They are to be em ployed at onoe in dealing the river between Eohnoa and Bama. In Another part of the paper will be found a letter signed Red Gum. We have cdmittsd it so that both sides may be heard, but we must cay that a person who h«ndl>.<s other people's names so freely as does Mr Red Unto, ought not to be afraid to publish his own, Thp weather has bten threatening since Satur day'^evening, but only a few light showers have yet fallen. Last evening the southern lig'iits were {visible in che south-west, but they were not yery brilliant and lasted only for a short time. We have been furnished by the seoretary of the Viotorian Railways with the following return for the week ending 17th Maroh:—Passenaere, 22,364, £3922 4s 3d ; mails, recta, &o; , £128 2s 6d ; paroels, &o.;, £248 14s 9d ; horses, carriages, dogs, &o.;, £136 17s 5d ; goods and minerals, £6089 14s 9d ; cattle, £454 3s Od Total for week, £10,979 16a 8 1. Corresponding week in 1869, £10,858 11b lid. The orieket match Echuoa v Runny mede will take place on the ground of the former olub on Friday and Saturday next. Runnymede are sending up a strong team, so that our men will have to look out for their laurels, they having had but little praotice. General Tom Thumb and his troupe are to appear in Kyneton on the 29th instant, and are expected to visif Sandhurst. The F.nelish champion pedestrians are, it seems, to run once more in Melbourne, prior to their de parture for New South "Wales. The days fixed for their appearance are Saturday and Monday, the seoond and 4th of April, A correspondent, "Carthusian," dating from Yiotoria, writes to the Field, giving the following gloomy pioture of the prospects of " gentlemen" j in that colony :—" It is very lamentable to think that there are many hundreds, sons of gentlemen, wandering about these colonies earning a pre- j carious living ' by the sweat of the brow,' occa sionally herding with the greatest ruffians un hung ; and yet parents still send out their not over- promising sons to add to this number. With out some oapital or influential friends, Australia should be as much avoided as Avernus, for in no j other part of the globe is desoent so easy. My own experience Ms been 'somewhat mixed.' I have broken stones and taught ohildreu, I have sunk wells and built house—in fao', I have done evprvthing, even been a military settler in New Zealand ; my immediate officers there were two drunken lieutenants, and a captain who was worse. From my observation I find that gentlemen do not succeed in Australia, even with money, in propor'ion to the ignorant, obtrusive men. Feeling mutt be abolished, and delicacy abandoned, before a gentleman suoceeds here; and even then it is not certain." The trial of William Davies for the murder cf Elizabeth G&rford; nt the Blue Creek, near Trent ham, was oorcluded on Saturday, when the j'iry found the prisoner guiliy of manslaughter, and he was sentenced lo ten years' hard labor on the roads. The following telegram wns received from Syd ney by the Wagga ExpreBS on Friday last:— " The cattle market has heen supplied equal to requirements, and prices show a slight improve ment. Best bullooks are worth £4 15s. t> £5 15a.' Sheep market is well stooked and prioes oontiiiue unohanged." The Pastoral Times Bays that steps are being, taken to f stabiish a meat preserving company in Deniliquin. In the New South Wales Government Gazette are published the fourth quarterly lists of oattle brands.' A fellmongering establishment has been started at Hay, and a tannery is spoken of at the same plaoe. The Brisbane Courier says:—"We have no doubt tint many of our readers, both in Queens land and elsewhpre, have wondered,' from time to time, what has become of Mr Barlow, the recol lection of whose exoallent entertainments is in itself a sonrae of pleaB ire. He is now sugar growing on the Albert River, and has one of the tineBt plantations, and, perhaps, the neatest and most comfortable homestead in the district." Vere, the St Arnaud mnrderer, is exproted to arrive in Melbourne at the beginning of next week. Here iB a good anecdote) fresh from Amer'o?. A rich merchant from Valparaiso, bein<? challenged by an officer to fight a duel, wrote to his adversary the following simple letter :—" I have no desire whatsoever to kill you, and still less do I desire to ba killed myself. Here is what I propose. Go to the nearest wood. Choose a tree about as stout as myself; place yourself fifty, thirty, or■ even fifteen steps from it—just as you like, and then fire bravely on the tree. If you hit it I will ad mit that I was in the wrong, and will offer you an apology. In the contrary case I shall be ready to receive yours," The offioer laoghed, and was disarmed. He invited his adversary to dinner, and—butnpr in hand—the reconciliation wai agreed upon. It is reported that of the many applications filed in the American Patent Offioe about 14,000 will probably be granted during the year. Some of the inventions mentioned in Harper's Wei kly are curious ; an application of the "Lerd's Prayer," repeated in a loud voice, to cure stammering ; a weight to be attached to a cow's tail, to prevent her switohing it while being milked. A lady bas patented a hair-crimp:ng pin, whioh may be also used as paper-cotter, skirt-supporter, ohiid's pin, bouquet holder, shawl-fastener, or book-mark. A philanthropist Iibb applied for protection to a "snorer's friend," a luxurious oontrivanoe to be attached to church pew-backs, so that in certain familiar exigencies one may sleep in peaoe and comfort. • Mr George Loyal, the well known trapezist, will, it is said, shortly perform tho feat of travel ling on a biovcle alocg a wire stretched at a con siderable height, somewhere in the vicinity of Melbourne. The Tumut correspondent of the Gundagai Times is responsible for what follows :—" I re ferred in my last letter to a magnifioent hit made by Johnny Taylor daring the cricket mitoh played here between the Tumut and Adelong clubs, on the 26th ultimo, for which the players made ten rnns, The distance from the wioket to where the ball firBt tourhed ground has sinoe been measured, and was found to be 165 yards. This is, I believe, One of the greatest bits on orioketing annals, and was made on almost perfeotly level ground." The following telegram, per Greville and Co., was reoeived fr->m Sydney on Monday :—" Busi ness is ontireiy suspended in Sydney today in consequence of the heavy rains falling. The dis tress throughout the Hunter dislriot,owing to the floods, is awful. The back waters of the Hunter are rising rapi<H.yrand the weather is far too rough to admit of tho nseof boats. The fhod waters in the river itself are falling slowly. At Orafton the low:lands are all submerged. Very heavy floods have onme down the Richmond River, and have done an immense deal of damage. Four persons have been drowned. At Windsor the faara of the inhabitants are subsiding. The rain has ceased, and the waters iu the Hawkesbury River are falling." Terrific gales have been prevalent on the ooast of New South Wales, and several wreoks are re ported, The floods are said to be general along the whole ooast district:, and there has not been a fine day for the past four weeks. A preliminary meeting was held in Sydney last week, for the purpose of establishing a Meat Pre serving Company in that oity. The railroad from Kharkof to the sea of Azof was oompletedjon the 4th Jan., thus effeoting un internpted communication from the Baltio to the Black Sea. The oonstruotiou of the line, which is upwards,bf 400 mileB long, was only commenced last summer. "The steteof the Wimmera district," says the Ararat and Pleasant Creek Advertiser, " is now beooming something alarming. Where riohly grassed plains formerly existed, nothing now re mains but the bare hard ground. A gentleman who has just returned frotn a trip round the Wimmera country informs us that iittlcy.if any, difference exists between the roads and the oouutry through which ther passj both being. equally do void of grass. This largo distriot, that year after year has ftd so many hundreds and thousands of sheip, is becoming now bo completely parohed'up that only a very few oan be kept on any station; nil hare to be. sent off 'to'dther^distficte whe.-i some little water and herbage can he foand. Several thousande carae down to Mont Cole the other day from a station n< Br Horsham we hear of other flocks having gone in all directions. When rain doca come it will indeed be wel oome." The last ghost story oomes from Rookhampton. | The following particulars were related to us (says the Northern Argus) by one of the ohief aotors in the soene, and the narrator appears to be per fectly satisfied of the aotnal occurrence. It appears that the watchman, who. takes under his eopecinl supervision the "William-street blooks, had his attention arrested about 12 o'clock at night, while on hiB beat, by the sight of a man dressed in black oarrying a ohild'a ooffia on his shoulders, with whioh he entered the oottage of a man whose ohild was lying dangerously ill. The watohman surprised that a hurial was contem plated at that unusual hour, followed the ooffin benrer i.Uo the house, and seeing no other 00011 pants, save the man and his siok child, asked him why he ohose that hour for the interment, to whioh he made the reply of " Why, my ohild isn't dead, thack God!" " But," said the watobman, "Didn't I see you bring in a coffin a few minutes ago?" "No, certainly notl" was the reply. " Well, then, I oertainly followed you into the honse with one, I oan swear!" However, the man persisted in his denial that he had not been out of the house at all, and had been watohing the child the whole evening, and never left it for a moment, upon which the wntoh tnan left, perfeotly satisfied he had seen a ghost, and believes so still. One strange feature in the matter is, that tr.e ohild died on the following night. "The town of Wagga has been proclaimed a borough. The delegates who assembled at the Iload Board Conference, and who submitted a series of propo sitions for the amendment of the Shires Statute (says the Age), bave not been suoostsfill in arous ing the attention of the Government. These | negotiations have been put a stop to by the fol lowing out t and birely civil oommunioation :— "Sir,—In reply to a letter, dated 22nd ult., from i the secretary to a conference of delegates assem bled to oonsider tho advisability of taking steps to have the Shires Statute amended, I have the honor, by direotion of the Commissioner of R»il ways and RoadB, t > inform you that it is not th8 intention of Government at present to i: troduce any measure for the amendment of that statute —I I ave the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, John Stenvenson, Assistant- j Commissioner of Roads ar.d Bridges." This I latter was addressed to Mr R. G. Benson Al though it ia very definitivp, it is hardly likely that the oonferenoe will be satisfied with leaving the matter in suoh an unsatisfactory position. Tbe'trial of Draper for forgery haB been post poned until, the next sitting of the Melbourne Criminal Sessions. The eletoral registrars are now in possession of the lists of persons olaiming to have their names entered on the Supplementary Voters' Rolls. It is stated that some thousands of persons in Mel' bourne and the suburbs have neglected to. avail themselves of the last opportunity of enrolment before the general election. Writing to Bell's Life in Sydney, a "New South Wales spectator" of the late intercolonial match says:—" Having thus glanoed ourionsly at the play, I shall oonclude with a few remarks on the treatment which our men received, at the hands of the Yictorians. It is rather a dirty sub ject to handle, but L cannot consistently pass it over. With the exception of the Campbells and Conway, I don't think our men saw the face of a Victorian at their hotel during tha whole time they were in Melbourne, and when they left by the City of Adelaide, there were only two of their opponents on the wharf. The play should have commenced on Thursday, Friday and Monday, at twelve o'clook, but the Victorians had not all mastered at that time on any oocasion. On Sa turday it was arranged that the game should be resumed at ° ten o'olook, but Wardill, who wbb one of the men at the wickets, was unable to put in an appearance at that time, and Wills refused allow another in, pending his arrival. Now all these matters, though each in itself may appear trivial, yet makes up a whole whioh smacks very mnoh of discourtesy. I have yet to learn that any suoh charge can ba laid to Nevr South Wales." The onoe flourishing Hokitika, on the West Coast of New Zealand, appears to have beoonie the property of one Individual. A correspondent of the Greym'mth Star, writing from Hoicitika, says:—" List evening, at about 5 o'olook, the tire-bell Tung out an alarm, and instead of, as used to ba the oase of yore, the people rushing madly through the streets, exclaiming. ' where, where ?' tnd ' there it Is,' and ' no, it isn't;' there were only Mr Michael Cassius and two boys. The former, who ia the West CoaBt lloths ohild, was heard to Bay, as he passed along Revell street, ' Mine Got, mine Got, I shall pe all ruined agiin — vill no van tell me vera tae iire is.' The two boys laughed. That was all. The' man who was tugging at the tower bell suddenly ceased. What was he going to exert himself for when nobody oared whether there was a fire or not. He de etended the ladder. I inquired into the cause of suoh a most singular indifferetioe to a threatened oalamity, when I was informed that with the exoeption of a pie-shop and the four banks, the whole of the buildings of the town were the pro party of Mr Caseins, either by purohase, mortgage, or bill of sale." We have leceived from the Teohologioal Com mission a pamphUt on Industrial Instruction, in reference to the "Whitworth 6oholarship" re cently established in England. The Illustrated Australian News for the month ia a very good number. There is a capital pioture of the ehip Eliza on tire, and a very fair portrait of the late hon. John M'Crae, M.L.C. The other illustrations are good. 