r 1,:pBAPTISMA!AL, R1FGET ERATION. A lecture was delivered at the York-street Btist Chapel on 'Tuesday evening, by the, Rev.;D,. Allen, ,jthe.;snubject ,obosen being. S a Regeneration not intended, by, the eBis eelf lia Pre'yer Book.1 . ;There .was autlera npmerous audience, by wbom the re narks made by he rev. lecturer were listened to witb the striotet attention.. After engaging mn prayer, ,Mr..Allen said. his address that. evening:~oatd bei in. proof of the, fact that Baptismal Regeneration was not .intended, to be"t'hght',y the, compilers ,of,.the.,Book of Common prayer for, the Church. of England, and iP P oing so hb woildnotice firsnt thatthe Payer Boo, itself .did, not,,teach, it ;:and second, conflrinthe fact by ,the writinge, of the dompilers of the booek. The book wae om. piled by Cranmer, Ridley, Latimer, and other god ana holy men who did not believe. in baptisinal regeneratior, and; many eminently.. godd,m en were subscribers to. the .Prayer Book on oath. These men bad •been charged by"Jesdiitind Puceyites with having taken loath tq what they did not believe.. Mr.Allen ried an extract from 'one of Spurgeon's ser mobn, iin which those? persons of. the Church .of Englahd'who did not believo in baptiaisal regeneration were'charged. with perjury, as it wasa doctrine of the Church. Such a 'doc. trine was never intended by the compilers of the book. He (Mr. Allen) esteemed Mr. Sputgeonvery much, but he did not think Mr. Spurgeon was less liable to do wrong than were Moses and Peter, and they were told that Moses " spoke unadvisedly with his lips," and: Peler was " to be blamed." So, in his opinion, was Mr. Spurgeon to be blamed for having said what was really iacorret. In a letter signed "Observer" in that day's Esniiner, it' was endeavoured to bring down 'the coipilation of the prayer book to the' reign 'of Charles II. This was totally wrong, eas the'bookl was 'received at a Convocation held in ,1562. The rev. gen tleman 'proceeded"to state what was .meant by baptismal rrgeneration. He understood b the doctrines of the Church 'of Rome that meant a literal and absolute change. JTust a it was believed that the bread was changed into tfe real body, id 'the wino'into th"ℜ bloid of Christ,' /dor the hands of the priesi, o"'it 'was believdd'thaf'a child of 'Satan" 'wa changed'into a child'9f God.' .That a ie a dogma of the Chuhi?'bof RbRoen,'iida!; wa never intended 'toI ' 'taUiigt hi t th'oprayei bookl'of'the o'Clitiroh 'of' Eglm?, 'th'e 25th iThe Chuirchof 'England 'did'iidt' teach anoa' pretend to tech, ' that 'the e?irson'b'ptised was absolutely regenerate'd,.wilo' the Chbirc 'I df 'Rome did' tci' th'ibat d iocterine' 'sidd. yet t thbs "veory pe~ra'os ' ho h halr" been baptised nd " iare suplioDsed to' be regd erated;' live unl odly and' wickedly. ' They" saw harlots thieves, And drankardswho .long to 'difiere ohbarhes, ::ind wh'o have tbeen' liaptie; how i then could b'iptiimi mean reganetiaion P Thbb , Church of: Eiglard did inot' teach 'that the t person was absolutely h'aniged, ht it.iwas d mysticas and' figurative change. 'The'?Lord said, "This is my:blood," but they beli?red it'was only figdratively the blood 'of 'Clrist not'bbsolutely';'?o ei'f they' looked at the'con text'in the PrdyierBook they 'wold, ee'ths the obhange" an oinly figoritiv:'not ~ibSolte, in the :oase'af'biptism. Mr. Allen'i tha'ri plained theli'sidilarity of .;tlih'beliefs' of th Charbh' f'Eeglan and "the' Ch'rch of. Scott land; both 'belieded 'the baptisfmto beea`' out wiard 'aid4d %sible sign. ' The: rror.of thesa h'nirhes'was'thanithoymad'de: the'o'rdinaice'a means of' egeneration " In' thiit' they eired The New' Testati'enit'taught' thiat'thi word of' God,'an'dl'tlath'alone,' was the 'instrumien'i( I lis hahd' fo"l;regoneratido.'' Mi?.Aled Aiidz proceeded""tbo prgve."?that thi " '"ompilerd of the PrayerBook': never intended to' t'aoli baptismal regeneration.'. He i~entidiiod'the differetit bolidfs' of the' Baptlists Non~onform eJ sts, Epliscoalians,. and Romaniats, and said I that when the' holy ineii.~bo compiled the Prayer Book left, the' Church"'oi Roime they left the doctrine of :baptis'mal regeneration} ind it would be monttrous to say, that they' wvnt about t? establish agaii that which they had just'left' in' abhdrrence aiid disgist' ' The book' woei coimpiled 'from :the old Gallicaru Liturgy, arid 'corrected 'by' Bucer,'Martyr, Cramierr Ridley? 'and Latimer;' it was ' re. formed at Cal'ain's iqdes't,'.and 'when p.s'p. pressed by Queen Mary of blood, was rtored' by the bishops 'of 'Queen Elizabeth" "' TSe's men wer all agreed 'in"i dnoucicini thi l dognias .of, Rde, and' insisted .upon .regenera eion being: the immnedidte work of the Holy Ghost, or'bffectual calling;by'the eflicabious iresitable grace of : God. This fact 'wiai"very "eident" iu" the' writingi , of ' these ' meni, 'and' co0ild , niot "be' denied "''Itwesb' truie''that' they believed' in! infant baptism, but thait'was not baptismall regeneraiioni, anid any ose wh'o 'affirmed 'thtdr persons' lilieving inriinfant'baptism essentiallyl believe in baptismal regsneration were'guiltyl of either'tinorautce or falsehood:r Mr. Allen' 'prodaded'numbrb~s 'quotations to prove that haptismstin the Cbur'Ch' of Egland 'Prayer' Book was different 'to' that 'taught by the 'Chbrehof Rome.' . e' read Crdimer's letter to Qsaeii Mary offeriing to defend the teadhings to the Praydr Book respecting the sacraments, ko., anid` also' Ridley's letter, in Which he declared thit <' the Church of England had, throdglt'the Infinite goodness and abounding 'race' of. Almighty God, r great" riches of ieavenly treosures ; great "plinty. of God's sincerie word; the'true aid wholesoine admin istration 'of Christ's sacraments'; the whole profession of' Christ's religion truly and plainly", set '.',fdrth'" "in baptismin; the plain declaration and understanding of the "saime taught in the.' holy catechism to have been learnid of all' true' Christians." He inferred from' these extracts and others which he read thiat" the''':Bishops had left baptismal regeneration ;" commenced a' new usee of biap'im,'as'n pposed'to Rome; and that this new dootrine was' sought to be;blotted out by Rome through"Queen Mary.' 'Heread siatliher extract from the Bishop's list letter in which the 'power of''aking his " brethren and 'sisters in Christ" children! of God, was asoribed to the miieicyof G'od.. How' then; asked Mr. Alleo'could 'the bishop believe that thbe'ohngo was effected' by' the priest'a'pplying a littlewater ?'.The lecturer said that all the refdersed bishops; 'the'.kiig,' lergy, school. niastersi and people"of .,Ragland, who were coiicerned in' making this new prottitant prayer book, also' learned and' subscribed' 'to what 'was known "as.' Ponit's 'Catechism," which contained 'doctrines inmpossible 'to be held with. baptismial regeierationi. The rev."' gentleman- 'nmade numerous other' quotations bearing ' on the "'-point. e,'in the name of the Holy Ghost, " charged 'every priest, Jeesuit, monk, and bishop,' who crept into the' Cheruh to advocate baptismal regeieration, with committing' perjury, inms ma.uh as they'take in oath to maintain the re formed doctrines of the 'Church'of England, add after' having so eworn'they go straight. ;way, and advocate the doctrines of fallen, ;dark, ind filthy Rome." ' After some further remarks the rev..'gentleman concluded his leoetre by thanking the audience for their at teotion throughout 'the discourse. The doxology having been sung, the meeting die persed. 