THE MELBOURNE COP HOESES. BT PEEPISG TOM. _ Although the race for the Great Metropo litan Stakes at Hand wick absorbs a deal of attention frotu our sporting men, the sensa tional event of the year is undoubtedly the Melbourne Cupt and whatever is said or written to elucidate the problem as to the actual winner of that handicap cannot fail to be of interest. Already I hare written respecting the merits of Mr. Barnard's production in apportioning the weights, and nave drawn certain conclusions from what, on paper, appears as likely to take place; but there are other considerations to be taken into account as well as weight in attempting to unravel the Gordian knot. The most impor tant of these are high condition, ability to travel two miles, and the jockey who is to ride in the race; for, however good many horses are at a mile, or even a mile and a half, the latter limit may see the end of their tether. In comparing the Victorian nominations with those from Sydney, it cannot but strike the veriest tyro versed in the racing calendar, that our cousins over the Murray present an array of names, as a lot, far supe rior in public performance and character to those of all the other entries pnt together. To bftsure, we can now boast of "our" Glencoe Mid Warrior, but we have to thank New South Wales for the pair, and these two may be said to be the only horses up to their weight for age in Victoria. The former has now got such an hdcertain temper that all surmises as to probabilities with regard to him most be hazardous. That he was one of the best horses ever saddled in the colonies few will doubt; neither weight nor distance h«ve been of much consequence; his chance, therefore, depends on the condition in which he is brought to the post, and on the humour he happens to be in on the day. No better man than Lang could have been selected to train him, and as I believe he will also have the mount, no better horseman could be on his back. That he will be brought out in the best form, present appear ances, and the great experience of his trainer with horses of his peculiarity, fully justify ns in believing. There is a great pro bability, therefore!, if he be really "pink," that his temper will not be ruffled, as nine times out of ten when horses behave in the manner he does, it may be attributed to their nhfitnera when called upon to. try their best. Under all the circumstances, therefore, Glencoe must be a dangerous horse for the Cap. Warrior, who last year proved himself snch an undeniably game and speedy horse; Is in the hands of a man who thoroughly un derstands his charge, and what is more, is quite ati fait in all the minntuc of his busi ness. _ Two miles is quite within Warrior's abilities, and as he has had a long spell, the natural supposition is that he will be brought out fit to run for a man's life, and he will most probably be guided by that exnti\\*n% jockey, Haynes. As before stated, and it seems to be the universal opinion as well, he has been mwt leniently treated by the handi capped and if his owner selects the Cup, and the Cup only, for him to repeat the dose of last year, what is to prevent him doing it ? Victoria has, therefore, two horses that, if all goes well, will take a prominent part in the race Manuka has entirely a Xew Zealand reputation to rely on, be it for better or ironse. He came over last year with a great nourish of trumpets, and with a large amount of Maori coin at his hack, but one of his legs failed him in his work, and he has since been fired. So far as his present training has gone nothing as yet has given way, and be is in a stable proverbial for having their hones up to the mark in condition. The CaaJfield sand will suit his understandings; nevertheless, if 1 811 else equal to the task, it will be . difficult matter to get so large and heavy an animal through sufficient work to bring him ?bond to the post The handicapper has ahoimhzm no mercy, sad I think, tit wforg. SUthongh many have already backed him with great confidence, that he is a most ni.^ none to trust; however, he will have every 3ustioe done him in the riding u I believe Morrison will steer him. Prtetor, in the same stable, has on several occasions displayed Wonderful speed, as well as staying powers. Sis in and out running last year, how ler, leaves the. .public to .imagine what they like as to his real capabilities. The excuses made for him, as to his hmnZ a B&djS; tarter, and his want of^heart in company, must be taken cam grand Mis. They may . , .,tTie' or the3r not;.astbe showman said. Yon pay your money and take your choice." My own impression is that he is fislly 8 "nummer," and as he has grown into a great horse, and is looking all that one could wish, and will be ridden most likely by Southall, it will be as well to keep him on the safe side. Milesian has never vet done a good thing .at twpmiles, although he has on several occasions displayed a fine torn of qpeedfora shorter distance. He is bred to «*»y. yet his form ation doee not give one the *dea that he would relish too long a journey, <*P£Ciaily with weight. His best performances raall accomplished with a lighter burden than lie has now, and Mr. Barnard ought to towJBMdem greatpr allowance for a tw-mile who.trained him for Mn Car* has stijlcharge at Mr. Cieeland's, -i be and his owner will leave no stone ?wtusea to tare him In the best ofcondi his preseht.<rw?earance augurs .*» well bear, will be in the MfffcW'aaL ry: ^ ; ravC he w&a; NewYea* a MMM ao.i^wuldbtre raoedathe <5® tf oooAitton; besides, hia Cop per who* fcgai** HMMfdlmiom' Cap^dftuoo*1bb Kiffof iiinni it flwloniliir niton inn In tb# Australian Cup at Flemington were such as to entitle him to rank as a stayer, and as he now carries but a few pounds more than he did then, and is'a five- year-old in place of afour, it is just possible that he may prove a trouble some customer in the race. He has lately gone into Lang's stable, where every justice will be done him, and I hear that he is in capital fettle to commence work. He is thoroughly sound, and Lang has got two ex cellent strings to his bow in him and Glen coe. What an extraordinary rush there has been to get on the Doke of Montrose, a horse j whose character was at such a low ebb at the | last Geelong races that he was weighted at 5st 101b. for both handicaps, one of which ! he managed to win. He ran seven times I during the season, and the Geelong Handicap i was his only victory. When the Baliarat 1 people get hold of what they imagine to be a ! good thing, the thermometer rises to fever ; heat at once, and all their geese become i swans. When Salem Scndder did the Gee | long trick the year before, with the same ! weight, they went mad after him in the same way for last year's Cap. The Duke of Mon trose, however, may be a better horse than his performances warrant; if he is, the public must have been gulled to a certain extent, { but I think that when he really was on his good behaviour there was a large margin to draw between his best performances and that of a Cap winner, even with 6st 91b. Most people think him "chacked" in. I cannot have it, and if we live to see the day, 1 I wherever he is in the race Flying Dutchman will be in front of him. I do not know what I pretensions Farmer's Daughter can have in | such a race as the Melbourne Cap ; she never ! could reach two miles at any pace, and I must I therefore pass her over. I must do the same I with Mischief, although she is a good little | mare, as she proved at Kyneton, and wher j ever Milesian is she will not be far off. Va | lentine, Bishops bo ume, and Phosphorus are in | the same category ; all too ambitious to travel further and faster than their nature will allow them, and although they may be said to be almost tinned loose, I am afraid they were not bom under a Melbourne Cup star. Now we come to three horses of a better stamp Freetrader, Palmerston, and Paddy's Land. Considering the dried up state in which Free trader performed so well forward in the last Cup, if he could be got really fit he { might have a chance, bat he has so long been out of sorts, that I am afraid his complaint has become chronic. He is a good horse spoiled ; I cannot say by whom, or how, bat he has shown on several Occasions both speed and bottom just sufficient to induce "another trial." Pal merston in private is Freetrader's master. They were both in the same stable last season, bat this year Waldock has taken up the cadgels for Mr. Clarke. He does not look like a Cap winner, bat they say he has wonderfully fined down. His performance in the last Cup mast not be overlooked, for he lest nearly 100 yards at the start,-and finished at Freetrader's tail. No doubt, bad other horses in the race persevered they might have run up as far forward, bat we are bound to respect the distance they were from the winner, and Palmerston was much nearer at the finish than he was at the beginning of j the race. Taking his other performances into consideration, however, the conclusion naturally arrived at is that, although a good sticker and possessing a considerable amount of foot, he has hardly quality enough to dis tinguish himself in each a great race as the Cap. Ever since Paddy's Land ran Glencoe such a good second for the Spring Handicap in the lateer's Cap year, his owner has seen a Melbourne Cap looming in the distance ; he 'was in excellent form last year, and when he nnfortunately ran against a post and unshipped his rider half a mile from home he was close on to the winner, and running strong and well within himself. This year he is under the charge of Stephen Mahon, whose manage ment of Barwon and Shenandoah is a guarantee that Paddy, won't be found wanting on the score of condition. The little horse can travel all the way, bat whether he be ' quite good enough to win a Cop is a question , which I should answer in the negative. ' Cotherstone and Huntsman may be very good in their proper place, but they will find a Mfrlhoume Cop far beyond their ken. The farmer was thought a deal of in Panic's year, when he ran for the Lannceston Champion Race. Since then he has been doing duty at the stud, and can be in no way improved for racing. Besides, I have my doubts if he will now stand a preparation, that is to say one that is necessary for a great event, for no hall-trained horse can have a ghost of a -chance when the two miles is raced from beginning to end. Melbourne Cups are generally done tinder 14s. a furlong, and how many horses aze there in these colonies can keep np that pace for the dis tance? No wonder so many milers crack when asked to go farther. Hants man is spoken highly of. by. the Wangaratta and Beechworth people, but I confess ray inability to see. in his or any other public perform ances that these districts are far enough advanced in hoise- breeding to find one suffi ciently good to stand the teat of a Cap race. They have a lot of good cut-and-co me-again hones, bat they axe generally found wanting when steam is uat on at high pressure. Nimble foot at fist looks nice on paper; and Nimble foot, when a three-yeaf-old, even with that weight, would have looked equally as nice on the Jfelboanie coane; -bat Nimblefoot aged is qnite another thing. In his young days he could go a distance, and travel as fait at weigh t-for-age as the best in the land; bat, isomehoir or other, since thai his tight leg has forgot its canning^ and he has Ixaced a veritable duffer, as" his weight ;will telL Whether the "tuning out" may hare .renewed his youth has yet to !be afeen, l$t wfeen 1Kb gets into form, he is in a stable that lias plenty ti good tackle to .testhimV I tainst t$,j thatl am not fond of jgrass-fed wintered agedhpnes in the springs for when once therloee their stable oondition it takes a long tame before they mooter it again* Miss Pdrtisin OipptoJjaod, and not having seen her, I .cannot say anything either good or bad about her, botl should think her "So? Thompson be able toquietdown ion* 8beet Anchor? They made a w about kin lait yew. * Sheet .Anchor, the ''aeSutotjT irf* ttoewybodjr's month for awhile, tior would hta frien&beUere; otherwise tuml the Cap wMdMna rota tMf Ibiji bifiB hlaueu ottt fijgfeljp lift pfliT 'iwiftl ' tn aU owmUdm tor"a juStIM Aom mm Haonia & ynmmtt they j>fa> prom tbrtriuptriority, udwithrla (Mr best day could win a Cap ; so can't he. Sala din. Miss Wilkins, Mias Constance, Stockings, and Patience, will find themselves quite oat of their element They may be very good for Crorton-park or the like, bat they are not aristocratic enough to mix in good society. There are seven three year-olds entered, with The Roe for the best. It wonld be a waste of time to descant on the probabilities of any of them taming up the winner, as their real merits are yet in the womb of time. I may say, however, that 1 can't have a three yt- ar-old for this Melbourne Cap, however good he or she may be. It will be seen that, so tar as the Victorian and most of the T&9 in an i an horses are concerned, I think the best chances of EO many lie with Glencoe, Warrior, Pnetor, and Flying Dutchman only. In my next I will more closely scrutinise the remainder of the entries than I have hitherto done, BO that by patting this and that to gether, something approaching a winner may be arrived at. 