A BXTINED LIFE. (Continued from our lent.) , would be beyond the .power of human to describe how these lone women I clung to Michael Herican. His father Z* down to the grave in peace, and he had I but them, as they had none but him. L,dy the one looked on him as a husband Ttbe other as a son. When a few more ijessfol voyages were over, and •;when the necessaries, which even an Easky could not become a wife without providwhen completed, the benediction of the irch was to fulfil the promise of their irts, and gi ve them irrevocably to each ier in the sight of God and roan, [t was an ill-starred day for Michael Heril4nd the Carrols when the Widow Moran i her daughter came to live in Easky. >rre Moran, deceased, had been a small Jpkeeper in Sligo, where he had amassed a le competence; and now that he was dead, vidow returned to her native village, to j her remaining life among her former rbbours. There were few among them j had not known more or less about the Mess girl who ran away with the halfinch, half-Irish shopman twenty years ago, j her name and memory was none of the t among those virtuous villagers. But she less for this because she had enough of by lucre to command exterior respect; and ras better, so she thought, to be highest ing the lowly than to be lowest among the h. In coming to Easky she had two ends view: to queen it over her former asso- :fJj and to secure a steady and good husd for her daughter. Kitty Moran was like mother, but without her mother's faults, i was a girl of dash and spirit, and with a le as quick and a nature as impressible as mother was emotionless. She was a rough brunette, with a brunette's violence [ passion, with a brunette's power to love [ power to hate. In actual beauty no iden of the neighbourhood could vie with and she had just enough of city polish refinement to give her an appearance of CTiority to those around her. Between he ! Mary Carrol the angels would not have itated in choosing—unless, indeed, they those ancient sons of God who took from among the daughters of men beise they saw that they were fair, and then, E men, they would have chosen wrongly. :t. was not many days before the Widow iran heard of Michael Herican, or many before she had decided that he should the husband of her child. True, she knew his betrothal—for his name was rarely to unconnected with the name of Mary •rol—but this made no difference. The e-faced step-daughter of the drunken ranagh was of no consequence to her, and the right or wrong of her designs she never re a thought. Whatever she wished she emiined to have. Whatever she deteried to have she set herself industriously to lure. So, when she marketed, it was iel's boat from which she purchased; there was a message to send to Sligo, packages from thence to be brought home ier, it was Michael's boat that caried them; m she had work to be done around her tage, it waited until Michael had an idle /, and then he was hired to do it. Welllled, as every woman is, in arts like these, used her knowledge and her chances all well. it is but just to say that Kitty Moran had share in her mother's wicked plans. She young and gay. Michael Herican was finest young man in the village. It was disagreeable to her to watch him and to k with him, as he worked by her directions the little garden, or to sit beside him at :irnoontide meal. Unconsciously, she grew miss him when he was away at sea, to have elcome for him in her heart when he came me. to look for him with impatience when :knew that his vocation brought him back ier. Before she was aware of it she loved ; and when she realised her love, she ew herself into it, as her one absorbing sion, Avithout a dream of its results or a »icion of her error. She would not, for an iire, have deliberately wronged the patient whom, by the stern law of contraries, she d already learned to cherish; but to her e there was no limit, no moderation. She old not help loving Michael Herican, and more could she mete out or restrain her ' e - So,.when it mastered her, it was her "ster, and her reason and her conscience r e whirled away before the rushing tide passion, like bubbles on the bosom of a laract, Sow Michael Herican came to love this w maiden not even he himself "could tell, 'cnefoucault says, "It is in man's power 'tber to love nor to refrain from loving." '4 raise as this may be as a general law of i there are cases in which it appears almost "inely true. It was so in his. He simply not help it. "When he compared tbie JMeep, tried affection of the heart that ® been bis for years with the tumultuous 'burst of this impetuous soul, his judgment W him there ought to be no such comn 8®. between them. He never bad one D M as to his duty. He fought nobly and ' ' ' the spell that seemed to .be J® him.. He would gladly have left Easky, 6 & Ve stretched his Voyages beyond the northern seas; but he could not leave Mary and her mother there alone. He thought of hastening his marriage, thereby to put an end to all possibility of faithlessness (and this is what he should have done), but he had no reason for it that he dared to give. It was a fearful trial for him, and would have bred despair in stronger hearts than his, if such there be. He became lax and careless in bis business, harsh and moody in his intercourse with others. A few tattling croakers, here and there, wiser than the rest, laid the evil at the Widow Moran's door; but they could give no proof when asked for it, and the frowns and chidings of the neighbourhood soon put them down. In this way things went on for months. The day drew near when the wedding-feast should usher in a new life to the wedding pair It was a drawing near of doom to him. The enchantment had not weakened by indulgence. The siren's song was as soft and seductive as when its first notes took possession of hiR soul. Feeling as he did towards Kathleen Moran, he would not marry Mary Carrol, although from his heart of hearts he could have sworn that his Jove for her had known no change or diminution. Nor did he dare to tell her that the fascinations of the stranger had enchained him; for he knew that he was all she had and all she loved. But it could not go on thus always, and he knew it. Something must be done. Had it been the mere sacrifice of himself, he would not have hesitated for a moment. As little did he hesitate between marrying where he did not love supremely, and not marrying at all. He had a conscience; and when his conscience decided between these, and told him that he must not marry Mary Carrol, it compelled him also to go to her and in plain words tell her so. It almost killed her. The shock was so great at the moment, mightily though she strove to command herself, that her life was in immediate danger. After a while she rallied again—a very ghost of what she had been, though little else before. Her mother bore the blow less calmly. She could not understand the powerlessness of the one to save himself, or the self-sacrifice of the other which gave up her life's last greatest hope without a murmur. She felt the disappointment keenly, but the injury more. Dispositions that, through all her sorrows, had never been apparent in her character, began to show themselves. She grew stern and vengeful in place of her old meekness and submission, and brooded over their cruel wrong until it became a second nature with her to impute to Michael Herican all her troubles, and curse him in her heart as the destroyer of her child. CHAPTER II. OF course all Easky soon knew the grief that had come to Bridget Davanagh's household ; and, not unnaturally, most of them sided with her in her condemnation of Michael Herican. They could not understand, they would not have believed, that he was under the dominion of a passion which he could neither escape nor resist. To them there was no fascination in the Widow Moran's daughter; and they loved the mother too little for them to suppose that any one conljJ love the child. It was a hard lot for her, poor girl, to hear their cutting censures passed upon her as the cause of Mary Carol's sufferings; for the people of that uncultivated neighbourhood did not care to conceal their bitterness beneath soft-spoken words, and did not hesitate to tell her to her face all that they felt concerning her. Nor spared they Michael Herican. Old men and young greeted him now with looks askance and cold, instead of the warm welcomes which every hearth had had for him a month before. And every woman in Easky, except the few old crones who grudgingly had wished him well when all was well with him, went by him on the other side, and prayed the saints to deliver their young maidens from such faithless lovers as he. Intolerable as all this was to him, and unjust as it would have been, even in their sight who did it, could they have known how he had fought against his destiny, it still had its inevitable effect upon him. As there was but one house in Easky where he met a cordial greeting, that bouse became his continual resort. As there was but one heart into which he could look and find responsive love, he'sought his consolation in that heart alone. To Mary Carrol he would gladly have continued to be a friend and brother, but her mother would not suffer him to come inside the doors; and if the broken-hearted maiden could have received his kindnesses, they would have been to her a mockery worse than death. Thus Kathleen Moran's was sometimes the only voice he heard for days, her smile the only smile ever bestowed upon him, and she became, in time, as necessary to his existence as Eve to Adam. They were almost always together. \- He made longer voyages, and took longer rests; and, when on shore, rarely left the roof under which she dwelt. But he had no definite aim and purpose for which to earn, of, lay up bis earnings. He never trusted himself to plan for or look upon the future; He never yet had dreamed of marrying Kitty Moran.; The light had fallen out of his life as effectually as out .of Maiy Carrol's ; and it would have seemed to him as bootless to have, heaped together .money as it:would to her to have finished and arranged her bridal gear. A year like -this told terribly upon him, The indignation of the villagers did not abate with time, and more and mOre did Michael Herican become! an outlaw. It was strange that an event which, in the swift whirl of our metropolitan career, yre meet almost every day, should have made such an impression on the minds of sturdy men and women. But it was the first time, in the memory of man, that an Easky lover had proved faithless to an Easky maid, and these rude hearts were as honest in their hate as in their love. He bore it as long as be could, but he was only human ; and when the Widow Moran, herself made most uncomfortable by the active hostility of her neighbours, determined to return to Slipro, he was only too willing to go with her.. He sold the little cottage where bis forefathers had lived and died for many generations, and bade farewell for ever to the home where he had known so many years of happiness, such months of weary suffering. If Mary Carrol sufferedless in conscience and in self-respect than Michael Herican, her suffering made far more fearful havoc with her bodily and mental health. The privations of her childhood had sown the seeds of premature decay; and, at her best and strongest, she was frail and weakly. The shock she had sustained when her life's hopes were shattered had partly unsettled her mind, and physical disease, now slowly developing, sank her into hopeless imbecility. She was not violent or peevish. She never needed any restraint, and, usually, but little care. She would sit all day in the sun light, listening to the roaring of the sea, her hands folded in her lap, and her great blue eyes • gazing out vacantly into the sky. She knew enough to keep herself from danger; and at long intervals would go alone into the narrow street, and wander up and down, groping her way like a blind person, yet taking no notice of anything that passed around her. It was a sad sight, indeed, for any eyes to see, but far more so to those who knew her history, and could repeat the story of the cruel.wound she bore. There was not among them a 4 heart that did not bleed for her, and scarcejiihand that could not have been nerved to TOngeance, if the blood of her destroyer could have put away her doom. The old woman—God knows how old in sorrows!—became more firm and resolute as her daughter grew more helpless. She never wearied in doing all that a mother's heart could prompt, but it was gall and bitterness to her that Mary suffered so uncomplainingly. If she could once have heard her say one hateful word of Michael Herican, it would have satisfied her, but she never did. She learned that Michael had lefc his home, and had gone with the Morans, and she felt as if she were robbed of her prey. Not that she ever purposed ill to him, but she did wish it; and the scoffs and denunciations of his neighbours seemed to her so many weapons in her hands against him. Alas, for her, that this should be the lot of Patrick Carrol's bride! It might have been a half year since the widow and Michael left Easky, and the midsummer days had come. Mary Carrol had been so long an invalid, and, in her many wanderings, had been so singularly free from harm, that her absence from the cottage caused her mother no surprise or fear. The village children, as they met her rambling in the fields, would sometimes lead her home, and the seaward-going fishermen would often watch her footsteps on the beach with fond solicitude; but they became accustomed to it by and by, and let her have her way. One cloudless day iu July she had strayed out at early dawn, while the dew was scarcely dry, and wandered off along "the shore, beyond the farthest cottage. The matron of that house, as she went by, sent out her little boy to see that she came to no danger, but in a moment he returned to say that she was sitting on a broken rock out of the water's reach, and so for the time she was forgotten. The day wore on, and Bridget Davanagh grew lonely in her desolate home. A dread of coming evil fell upon her; and though her cup alread}' so ran over that she could hardly realise the possibility of farther misfortune, she could not shaike off the new shadow. Restless and uneasy, she started out to seek her child. She hurried past the village eastwardly along the sands. She peered into every crevice of the rocky coast that was large enough to hide a sea- gull's nest, and hunted behind every fallen fragment that might conceal the object of her quest. Slowly, for it was the severest toil to her aged feet, she groped over one mile after, another, until the lofty cap of Anghris Head rose up before her. She had never been so near it since that fearful day, long years ago, when she came out to see the mangled body of her young husband lying underneath ii s stormy crags. And now there came'over her an impulse to go there once, again ; again to visit the place where the waves cast him in their "murderous wrath : ; the place, whither she went to meet him when he last came home to her. So she climbed over the huge : boulders,ione by one, in the declining sunught, till she stood directly underneath that ragged ipire'which Anghris lifts ialoft above the •wavies, and there she saw the spot wberie her beloved had lain mbis sad-boar of death. There, too, she found her daughter, lying on the same rocky couch'where her father lay before'heir, one arm fbeneath - her bead, her face turned up to * hieaven-ih the unbreaking slumher of the dead. 