CURRENT TOPICS. It is intended by Mr Gale, the aeronaut, to make an ascent in his balloon from Gee long very shortly. Mr Gale was in the town on Monday, making the necessary preliminary enquiries. The Corio Cricket Ground had been suggested as a suitable locality for the purpose of inflation, &c;, and no doubt it is admirably adapted therefor in most respects. Unfortunately the distance is so great that the cost of laying down a pipe through the Botanical Gardens to furnish the gas is too consider able to allow the idea to be cntertnined. There are, however, other places available, the most suitable appearing to be the show ground of the Agricultural Society at the west cud of Ilyrie-street, as the pipes that will require to he laid will not be of great length. JThere ja also the reserve of Comunn na Feinne at South Oeelong. At all events, but few days will elapse before the residents of Geelong will be able 19 ?ee for themselves what is meant by going: " Up in a balloon." A collision occurred in Moorabool-street last evening, about seven o'clock. A spring cart had just turned the corner from ityrie-street, when a cab, driven by a cab man named Turner, came down the street at a smart pace, and ran swiftly into the cart. The cab-wheel went between the wri-wMl «ad the My of fart, but instead of "locking," as might be expected,!; the cab-wheel" being larger than that of ] the cart, and the letter being well out from the body of the vehicle, it went clean over I the axletree, and came to the ground .with | a crash. Strange to say, although^ both vehicles were turned- half way round, neither were injured, and the occupants escaped' with the'fright. The cart was I well on its own side, but carried no lights, while the cab, ~ although" carrying lights, was turning the corner rather too sharply. The commemoration of the twentieth anniversary . of the Chilwell Wesleyan Sunday School was concluded on Monday. In the morning: the children assembled, and were conducted by their superintendent and teachers to the Queen's Gardens. The day being very fine, a variety of pastimes were indulged in, and at intervals re freshments were supplied. Early in the afternoon the children were conducted to the schoolrooms, and from thence dismissed to their homes. In the evening the spacious rooms were filled with the teachers aud friends, who there partook of tea. This inevitable preliminary having been duly discussed, an adjournment was made to the church, where the annual public meeting was held. The proceedings were com menced with the usual devotional exercises, arid Mr'Keown was then introduced as chairman by the Rev F. E. Stephenson. After the chairman's address,. the annual report was .read by, him. It. stated the number of children now on the roll to be 377, being an increase of 21 in the year, notwithstanding losses from removals and by .deaths, of which latter there were seypn.. The average attendance was was' 260. . The teachers .were 41, of whom there were 31 present on the.average. The two senior classes were prospering and the same is reported of the infant class, which numbers 95,' with' an average attendance of 70\. Attention has been given to increasing and, improving the library; it now contains 700 volumes, and the weekly issues average 65\. During ■ the year £25 5s 11 Ad was collected by the children in aid of foreign missions. The treasurer,' Mr Gaylard, then presented his acconnts, shewing the receipts for the .year to have been £75 103 Id, and the expenditure £75 Is 4d. Ad dresses were then delivered by the Revs. John Cope, T. E. Ick, AI.A., E. S. Bickford, and. other gentlemen, the proceedings being varied by several pieces of sacred music admirably rendered by the choir of the church. A collection was made during the evening, and £5 17s 6d was obtained, making the total collections during the services £26 lis lid. The proceedings closed .'with votes of thanks to the Rev. T. E. Ick, the ladies, the choir, and the chairman. The residents of the Stony Rises district, having long felt aggrieved at being an nexed to the Buninyong shire, held a public meeting on Monday, when it was unanimously resolved that a deputation should wait upon the Minister of Roads and Bridges, and request him to annex their district to the Meredith Road Board. Their object is a just one. 'Residing at so great a distance from the shire hall, they cannot get any person to represent the interests, and as usual' in sucb cases, they are entirely overlooked. The shire hall is almost twice as far away as the Meredith Road Board Office, and. their application will doubtless be readily granted. \- The beneficial effects resulting from the late rain are manifested already in the ver dure with which the ground is being rapidly covered, and the warm earth will soon produce abundance of feed for stock of all descriptions. With the much-needed fodder plants, others spring up quite as vapidly, and as "ill weeds grow space" the thistles are shooting, up very quickly. I11 all places they will require to be looked after without delay, and in proof thereof we need only point to that portion of the railway reserve that was so long encum bered with the pipes for the water supply, for there they are growing luxuriantly and in large quantities. Of1 all meanness perhaps the greatest is that of contributing base or mutilated coin to a collection' for a charitable or religious :purpose. Such things unfortunately, are not very rare, and the latest instance was given at a Sunday school meeting held on Monday night. The treasurer stated that his ostensible balance was 8s 9d, but thi! had to' be reduced by the amount of a bad shilling and some mutilated silver coin: that had been contributed. He would no doubt be glad to return tbcm to those wh> had thus acted a lie in order that they might appear as generous as their neigh bours. ' :The s.s. Express was highly patronised yesterday, and had full freights of pas sengers 011 each of her three excursion trips round the bay. Game of almost every description ap pears to be ;most abundant near Meredith. On Monday a party of uiue geutlemen from.-Ballarat paid the neighbourhood a visit, and, guided by that inveterate sports man, Mr Joseph Gosling, managed tc secure two kangaroos, nearly a huudred rabbits, scores of wattle birds, and a num ber of bronze wing pigeons, i The annual .Easter, fair at Ballarat yes terday was a great success, .. It was for the benefit of - the Ballarat East free library. The Mayor at tended at' the' watchhouse on Monday morning and heard the various charges. Four drunkards were dealt with; two; who had been incarcerated from the pre ceding Saturday, were discharged ; but the other two had got drunk on Sunday and were fined 5s each to remind them that the law forbids the purchase of liquors on that day. Kate Basketville, alias Dixon, charged with being a disorderly woman of ill-fame was remanded until Wednesday. The prisoner. had been apprehended by con stable Leddy, who deposed that she and another disorderly woman had been quarrelling and making a noise for hours on Sunday. They nad two men with them. . The prisoner asserted that she had reformed, that the men were cousins from Ballarat, and "that she had been married1 for some months. The remand was for the' purpose of enabling her to prove these assertions correct. Frederick Vaughaniwas charged with stealing two flooring dogs from premises in Mercer street. John Biackwell deposed, that the dogs had been lent to him by a person named Martin, and he had removed them from his unfinished house and placed them in eare of a next-door neighbour. Pri soner went to the latter and took them away, and witness hearing thereof followed him, and found the articles upon him. In defence Vaughan said that he had been working'for prosecutor, and had merely .borrowed the tools to do a job of flooring, 'as he ' had borrowed other tools. -The Mayor remanded him until Friday for the production of evidence to that effect. James'Brown, charged with having been on the premises of James Bfennan by ;night for an unlawful purpose, was re manded until Wednesday. John Moloney and Jas Fogarty, on bail, charged with an assault on Win. Collins, wore, discharged, as the latter did hot appear when called. ! The local shire council has been called hpon to pay a sum of £60, being the ;nmount of which the telegraph receipts at Mansfield have fallen short of the expendi ture, during the fifteen months the office there has been open. The council had given a guarantee that there would be no loss. A requisition is being got up in Hamil ton to Mr Henry Cook, a local publican, asking him to oppose the hon, the Minister of Lands, Mr Alacphcrson. He is likely to be nominated, aud will secure a good many votes from amougst the working men. The Rev. Father O'Sullivan was so far recovered from his late distressing accident as to admit of his being removed from Brophy's hotel to the Presbytery last Saturday. We regret to learn that the reverend gentleman's general health is far from being in such a condition as his friends could desire. With reference to a rumour, which has I obtained some degree of local currency, (says'the Rendigo Advertiser), to the effect j that Air Casey's exclusion from the Alinistry is to be accounted for 'by his having been promised the appointment of Police Alagis- j Irate at Sandhurst, we have to state that- j there is not the slightest foundation fo: such a rumour. . Mr.Charles Alathews appeared on Satur day Right tat, witb euwejsj « ^ | Charles Coldstream, in the . comedy^ of " Used Up," and aV S'r Fretful Plagiary and Mr Puff in " The Critic." • Mr XV: 'Porter, ,the successful tenderer for the first instalment of the: hew north east line of railway, viz., the 56 miles "between " Esseridoii and Seymour, has ap plied for and obtained a short extension of time within which to complete his final deposit. The concession was allowed him on account of. the-last day. on which he J could conclude his arrangements falling in I the middle of the Easter holidays.. Three warrants have been issued by the . Sydney Bench, for the arrest of Archibald Ashdown, late accountant in the .Bail way department, N.S.W., charged with stealing the suras of £115 Os lOd, and £26 5s, the moneys of the Government. As'ndown is about 47 years of age; 5ft. 7in. high, medium build, dark sallow com-; plexioii, iron-grey hair and .whiskers, down-looking, and sometimes wears spec tacles. He was arrested on a charge of stealing £37, but, being allowed bail, he absconded, and is supposed to be now in Melbourne. A reward of £100 is offered for hi' arrest. From a private letter received by the last mail, the Southland News learns that Signer Carandini died of gastric " fever and inflammation of the lungs, on the 18th January, in Italy, whither he had gone to recover his ancestral property, which had been confiscated during'a rebellion in 1835; The immigrant sh:p Percy, from Lon don, with 366 immigrants on board, an chored at Queenscliffe at sunset on Satur j, having been detained for medical inspection. Nine deaths occurred during the voyage. . She has been placed in quarantine. In the Warrcgo country the dead body of a man has been found ; five miles from water. It was-dried up like a mummy. The poor fellow's two dogs had stayed and died with their master. J At the police-court, Hay, on the 13th instant, Mr John Taylor, of Nine-mile Box, was summoned by IV". A. Brodribb, Esq., J.P., of the Moolbong, for refusing to give accommodation to his family on one of the late wet nights, the consequence being thet they had to camp out on the wet ground all night. - Taylor -was found guilty, notwithstanding au able defence made by Mr Keed, and fined £5. The following novel piece of information has been sent to the Ballarat Courier:— "I have been lately travelling through the district of Blackwood, and in doing so I came across a saw mill at work. 1 went inside to have a look at it, and to my sur prise fouud the engine-driver to be a young lady. I made some enquiries on the works as to her abilities for driving, and was in formed that she was the best driver on the works. She had to stop "the engine every five or six minutes. Meantime she sewed Some fancy work, and seemed as much at ease as though she was in a drawingroom. She is about eighteen years of age, good looking, and full of intelligence." The Ararat Advertiser announces the sudden death of Mr John Templeton, the mining surveyor of Beaufort, which took place on Tuesday morning last, when he was found dead in his bed. The deceased gentlemen, who was the brother of Mr Templeton, the police magistrate, had, up to the time of his death, enjoyed good health. Ilis death is said to have been caused by apoplexy. The Indian Nabobs are, subscribing very largely to a fund for the erection of some public .work to commemorate the visit of Prince Alfred to India. , Mr John Goudall, the well-known broker at the Corner, says the Ballarat Courier, has decided. on taking a trip to Europe by the next outgoing mail steamer. .His determination coming under the notice of the members of the Ballarat Stock Ex change, they determined to present hira with an address,, wishing him-a happy voyage. Mr Goodall has been connected with the stock exchange- since its forma tion, and has long since earned the good will of every person connected with mining by the straightforward bearing which has characterised all. bis transactions. Mr Goodall expects to be absent from Ballarat about nine months. ,llure tiews of an old friend. America (says an English paper) may be proud of its George Francis Train. We cannot rival hiin on this side of the Atlantic He is as unique as Niagara. He lectures on .-.he " Old Fogies of the Bible," and he semis a telegram to the Queen of England. Here it is :—To Victoria, London.—Gbre nr.- hack my tramways, or down goes your monarchy.—Train." It is sublime, and it is a magnificent proof of the subordination of the mere elements to the dominance of gigantic intellect that the Atlantic wire did not shiver into atoms when the tremendous message was transmitted. , The' telegraph' line between Mary borough and Majorca was finished on Tuesday, the instruments fixed, and the circuit completed. The local paper says the instruments used for this service are much simpler and more easily understood than those in general use, and are found of great service at side stations, where a trained operator can be dispensed with. They are of the kind employed in large establishments to communicate between the different branches, and a rate of fifteen words per minute can be attained by .them. We learn from the Pall Mall Gazette that vhe Dutch Government has contracted with a company for establishing a line of steamers, to run. between Holland and Java, via the Suez Canal. The enterprise will not be subsidised, but the steamers will be chartered with from 480 to 600 lasts of Government produce for ten to eight voyages a-year, at a minimum freight of 974f. Five steamers of 2000 tons are being built for this purpose on the.Clyde. The voyages will be made in 35 days. The Inglewood Advertiser reports,:— Another large nugget of, 1001b weight is reported to have been got on Tuesday last, in John's paddock, by a Chinaman, but the report requires confirmation. We should! not be surprised, however, if the rumour proves correct, as it is known that some heavy finds have lately been got in that quarter... A 68oz nugget was got by Wil liams and mate in the old workings at the stockyard, though the grouud is generally considered to be worked out. - Mr Clarkson, saddler, Mortlake, started on Thursday last, for Melbourne, on a bicycle, and accomplished the journey in sixteen hours, exclusive of stoppages. The bicycle, with a valise containing a change of clothing, weighed 471b. The Bendigo Independent; has the fol lowing respecting ; Mr/Grant:—" We understand that the lion, member for Avoca. does not feel quite satisfied re specting the proposal to pension him off, I as be regards the proposition to do so very j much as an: indirect way of buying his support, and, if our information is correct, the hou gentleman fs something more than 'displeased at, tlje idea of Mr, M'Culloch thinking he is to be bought for a thousand a-year. We have also excellent authority for stating that there is no foundation whatever for rhe.statement that Mr Graut holds a seat in the cabinet without a port folio. It may have escaped the notice of Mr Grant's; admirers outside Parliament that his name was mentioned by Mr Higinbotham when he reud over the names of tiie new Cabinet, and it is possiulc that ,it;was with a view to conciliate the hon. gentleman's friends that he was said to I hold a position' which he docs not occupy Wo.give tljeso two items of political news respecting the people's friend' as they have- been furnished to us." In order to test the advantages or other wise of exporting butter direct from this district to other ports than Sydney (says the Illawarra Mercury), a practical experi ment has recently been made by Mr E. K. Evans, of Dapto. About the beginning of March last, Mr Evans shipped three casks of butter, containing about lOOlbs each, to a business house in Auckland, New Zealand, and yesterday he received a statement of the sate of the butter, with a bank draft for the proceeds. It appears the price realised for the article was 9id per lb., and after paying all expenses. connected with its shipment, sale, etc, it cleared 8d per lb.. It was stated in the letter received j by Mr Evabs, that the' price 'of butter in New Zealand would soon be higher than j at that time, an4 that the gentlemen wtu> t **or hihiin that instance would be 'most happy to do their best to obtain the Jigbest price for any future shipments, which might be consigned to them from this district. The Telegraph states:—1 * The late vVinister of/Raihvays, before bis retire ment from office, performed an act ol* justice in restoring Mr tVilliaiu Swan; iu bis position in the Willinmstoivn rail way. ^workshops.— He. \yas one of-tbose through , whose instrumentality the-'gross mis management of- the locomotive.; and the workshops departments was brought to light, and he was dismissed-from^ his ^em ployment, by the Engineer-in- Chief, with the object of preventing ■ him givin'* evi dence before the railway workshops* com- - \ mittee of enquiry. The evidence taken by that committee showed very clearly that a great wrong bad been done to Mr Swan, ' and Mr Longmore, in reinstating hira, 1 was only giving effect to the views of the committee. But the action of the late Minister of Railways has been stopped. Mr Swan was required to report himself at the workshops by the secretary, ■ Mr Wright.' He did so;' but in' the interval Mr XiQngniore retired from office, and-Mr Wilson became the Minister of the depart ment, and his . first step, acting upon the advice ot Mr Higinbotham, was" to issue: instructions that Mr Swan*s services. were not required in the department. When. Parliament meets, the conduct of"-the Engineer-in-Chief will be brought" under revision." r The Cahnobar ; correspondent of the Babbo Dispatch relates that about three years ago, a Chinaman, shepherding on the Bogan,-,. cut his throat, having taken the precaution to stow away a good meal first. It was a nasty, cold, wet morning in May, when Se-ma-Cronang,: turned over his swag destroyed Jsmie valuable papers, ex amined his razor, polished : off J a Hearty breakfast,' and . walked-in from the kitch3n to the house, thinkingit would be a greater honour to perform this feat (which one so seldom sees done) before the master instead ot the cook. : The celestial remarked that " he was worry, cold,' and was told to go into, the kitchen ,and warm himself He replied, 'ITU show you," and pulling out a razor (which, owing to the darkness of the roam, looked like a piece of black tape), turned coolly round, compressed his lips, and made a long incision, severing the carotid artery, and which failing, continued hacking away. Se-ma-Cronang's spirit had fled before the body had touched; the ground—merely a slight quiver of. the lips, John had."thanked the world." Three hours afterwards he was buried., Since then his perturbed spirit has been seen twice, making uight hideous, hut only seen by one who believes in ghosts. -However, it appears that his bones were not to rest in that spot. A month ago four Chinamen called, borrowed a spade, dug up the re mains of poor John, drank brandy, burnt lights round the grave to appease the soul, laid the bones most carefully in a clean cloth, and started for China, not wishing to leave the remains of one who had sacrificed himself to some great idol, in a Christian country. ■ * • .: '1; There appears to be something wrong with at least some of the shipments of meat which we are sending to England. Ihe Home Lews has the following on the subject :—<• Some parcels packed in sweet pickle have arrived lately, and the appear ance or the meat when the packages were opened, - was as good as need be desired, i coo m2> however, the old failure , 'x he meat shrank, the fat sepa rated itself from the lean, and when cold the meat became black, hard, and almost uneatable. Why or wherefore this should be is a mystery to all who take an interest in the question here.. . Whether the curers and packers iu the colony can explain and remedy the wrong is • another matter. It so, the sooner the explana ion is made, and the remedy applied, the better. The fact is undoubted, that all the Australian pre served meats, save that packed in tins, hitherto.sent home, have been defective, anil will bear no comparison with ordinary Irish,'American, or French mess beef or • pork. But for the penny dinhors of Mr ? 'u™all—ail.tl t'lcss are now competed with. by. English penny dinners—the ad vertisements of which are posted on all the dead walls and boardings in London, the sale of Australian meats for the past three months would have been very small indeed; As it is, packers and owners, nr.at atiy rate those who hare made advances, upon/the shipments, must have been lying out of their money for a long time.1' Mr Edward Wilson entertains some ex treme views, it would ■ appear, as to How matters are managed generally—especially in governments. Prom the Home Hews wefearn that_ at a late meeting on the subject of emigration he was the' first speaker, and launched out into a general condemnation of all governments and Con stitutions. In his opinion there was not a well-governed country on the face of the ' Ee woulcl make no allusion to a certain place riot a hundred yards distant, where the collective wisdom of England was then sitting, but would affirm, that from cabs to policemen, and from Boor law guardians to workhouses, the . whole were in an utter state of inisrrianagement but there was no valid reason for such a state ot tuings. Government machinery might, he contended, be made as precise in its action as a locomotive or a chronometer. ' He des cribed the colonies as so many practising grotmds, Shoeburyncsses, whereon British statesmen tried the effects of their artillery .«hen1 too ponderous and dangerous to be fared off near the precincts of the English Houses of Parliament—The Marquis of Hormanby reminded the' speaker that, however well made, locomotives would sometimes run off the rails, and 'said 'that nothmg ^made by man was perfect—Mr Uestgarth asked the author of the paper who he said, had doubtless just risen from searching records, whether he could ex plain what had become of some eight hmidred thousand, pounds due to the cmi arising out of that proportion of the sales of waste lauds, set aside by tlie tb« Constitution Act granted to the colony of Victoria' in 1S55—The .rep'/, did not remember meet ° ))jtb this tritle, or With the conditions specified—An - old colonist alluded, in terms' t0 the ti^e when he had hirnsdf been a member of ri colonial Legis ;lature,i!and;thought, after the most careful consideration, that elected Upper Houses were ..bettpp^. than those nominated by governors.—Lord Bury, in summing up ! o&daWTMd;«ced by the diseusrion, took occasion to compliment the author of the paper, but expressed himself as differ He nCl,, 'ef0pm'0v3 hcId b>'Wilson, lie alluded to .and- condemned . the good £ IT Wh,en tbe House of Lords ruled the laud, and seemed delighted that now Jeavfn "Th°nS took tbis 'rouble off its hands; 