M1S€ELLAH£0US. What is it that nobody wants, l yefc nobody like to lose P A tawsuit. ' ' / Why is a pa With a twisted tail tike tto |hot io Hamlet ? ' Because it could a taii bnfold. Is pocket picking, iu in almost e veteingelse, a main never succeeds until he gets iris hand jri» r A BALDHBAbin) man may alwajs expect feid- a friend aud sympathiser m a ipanuwcfcurer of ; wigs. - »V.! .:C 'j When a reporter wants a' " harroWing caBe for a sensation, he sliOUld seSrOb fcMf it iii an agrt- cultural district;. ' ; ' ' / , : A recent Ifew Yoric desitch 'tnhs' briefly relates a istory : . " Eliza Kohl,' a domestic in Hew- \- ark,- used kerosene to light the firebhis morning. : Her funeral takes place to- morrow." ;; : Telegram ; — r(Totallyr unteustwortby)r—'. 3-he ' Kuig of Prussia proposes the Prince of Hohen- zollern as candidate for tee throne- of - Communication stopped.J . . Kept in Stock.; — -"There is one place which the French agents, ?who sis said to be travelling About buy ing up all the, bacon in this country, should not foil, , to -visit— JDnnmow. i ' f In Yino V«itas." — Sandie MacSawnie re- spondeth j'- " Truth i» wine, indeed! Hoot, mon , there's nae sic a thing. Just shake Up fchfit auld port 'and y e'll : there's- muckle lees in it. ' j> a girl was to, fall into the water, , and was unable to swim, why would she partly Change her ,sex ? Because she. would be a boy/nd (buoyant) girl. . ' ; >- ; > i ; . The Paris opera house physician usfcs the gal vanic battery to cure singers of hoarseness. 9Siey are so shocked that they don't know w hefch# - they are hoarse or not, and lmmediately sing -and eleptrify the house. . . . v . Would ye - plase, mem," Mild r Bridget, the other evening, " an I'd like ye to lind mc the ioan of your -white dress, to wear to, a party, _ .1 do hate, to he askui'-ye, for borrowed clothes niver fit me' like my Own." . , J An atnbitious gentlemanmUonnectioutoppeals, over his own signature, "Too thee tnichaonicka and laburinge mpn of my native town.', twill reprizinf you in theBtait assemblee irrispectif of poUyiics, reiiXiori,:br eddycashun." , ladies, in general, do not#pprove of the ; re- hiari-iage of widows. - A young lady,, who was , approaching "the middle agte," was in the habit of saying, whenever she beard of a widow's marriage, " There now ! that woman has got one of my husbands !" " Wttrrk the deuce have von nut my barome- ter inquired a country squire -of his man,, an importation from the wilds of Suffolk. " Ihteard you say, sir, that the higher it was the finer the weather; so as I knew- you -were-going to ride to the' 'sizes .to'day, I. hung.it in the front attic." It is said that Handel being asked by a Mr. Greene respecting his Gompositions and their value, . premised to look1 at the manuscript, and give bim -au Answer next day.. When Greene called, Handel seemed not disposed to speak about the manuscript, but when asked ' he B&id; ; " Id heedsh air, and sho I put it out of my win- dow." The following: choice epitaph may be found in a New Jersey churchyard Weep, stranger, tor a tother spill'd From & stage-coach, and thereby kill' d ; His nape. wri . John Sykes ft 5Ser- Slain with three Other outside passengers. AT a juvenile party, a yoRng gentleman, about seven years old, kept himself from the Test of the company. T?he lady of the house called to him, " Come and play and dance, my dear. Choose one! of these pretty girls for your wife." "Not likely," cried the young cynic ; " no wife for me. Do you think I want to be worried out of my life like poor papa? A stoby is told of the late Lord Clarendon, who entered on pne occasion a restaurant in the Palais Boyal to dine as a simple bourgeois. Haying ordtated a frugal meal he called for. ahottle of champagne. The waiter, antioipating the customer ; mighf viot be ahfe to settle, -whispered that the pricwas 25f. a bottle, ip the hope of putting an end fto his lordship's extravagance. " Oh, in that case', " -Baid the ear!, ' bring me two bottles." Hope is Never Lost. — In one of the suburbs lived an old maid, over seventy years old, . who never gave up the ide that . she should have an offer before jshe died. She applied laBt year for ftrimiaajgn into the Old Ladies Home, and was re ceived after paying the UBual-fee, and what little money she had over, into the matron's hands for safe keeping; One morning she called the matron, and told her there was oue thing, that troubled her mind very much, and she wonldHke her assistance! ' With the greatest of pleasure," said the matron, " Pray what is it ?' " Well, it is this," replied' the old lady j " if I should have %n offer of mar- riage, and accept \tQO#d $ get my money hack" whep|leete? 'By all means, madam," said the matron. '< Oh, then I am perfectly contented," exclaimed the old maid. The Ass Had the Best of It. — A gentleman dressed in the height of fashion, and who had arrived at the Great Northern Terminus, at Kings- , cross, from the tenth, rushed up to the- baggage- room, and in a peremptory manner demanded that his baggage should be given in preference to aU other customers. Hie manner -was amnewh&t; 'of fensive, and when pi(ftrm|id by S dainly-elad hut huqiorp.us cK>kiug eon -of . the Emerald Isle "-.that l(e must hsve patience and wait his turn, he turned upon the adviser abd importer of knowledge With, "Sir, you're an ass !" The honest irishman gazedat him an in8tant, and then replied,:." And -you, sir, are an ape ; and what a pity it is that when we two were made bastes that ye wasn't made an illiphaot so that ye could have yertrunk u&der; 