ST. MARY'S CHURCH, CAULFIELD. Tho ceremony of laying tho memorial stone of a Christian church is at all times ono fraught with peculiar interest. Who that has paced the grand majestic naves and transepts of tho abbey churches of ?Win- chester, of York, or of Westminster, in 'th'e old fatherland, but has felt a solemn awe overshadow him as the mind led back over centuries past and gone, till it portrayed tho sceno when, for tho glory of God, the memorial atone wa3 laid by tho pious founders with all tho ceremony of tho church militant ? Beneath tho shrines lie tho dust of theso pious dead ; but as the glorious strains npriso of joy and praise from tho fretwork niches of the choirs, it requires no flight of imagination to realiso tho church triumphant, and Bpo:ially the glorified spirits of tbo . men who, Beven or eiffht centuries before, had laid the founda tions of theso nohie odifico?, joining in tho song, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord God Almighty, hoavon and earth are full of thy glory.' On Saturday, under the bright blue canopy o heaven, a Biinilar feeling was engendered at Caulfiold, when the memorial atone of the Church of St. Mary was laid, with all the ceremony of tho Anglican Catholic Church. Not many years ago the salt waves of tho ?Rair nnvnrivl thn whole of this district — a wild waste of waters, whore only God was praised by the everlasting voice of nature. Then came a timo whon the waters receded and land appeared, and to natnro'B voice was added that of the poor untutored savage, who worshipped the Deity according to tho light that was in him ; and yoatorday the Htone which preserves tho memorial of the founding of a splendid temple for tho worship of God under the glorious light of tho Gospel, was deposited in its place by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne. Centuries hence Bomo worshippor may try to picture the scone of yesterday, and many may be led to bless the pious efforts whieh led to its erection, for tho records of glory will show that this man and that man wero born therein. The ceremony was fixed for half past threo p.m., and long beforo that hour a largo concourso of peoplo had assembled. When tho commencement took pla:e, there must have been nearly three hundred per sons present, and amongst them were tho Lord Bishop of Melbourne, the very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, the Revs. H. B. Macartney (the incumbont), C. S. Isaacson, C. P. Perry, W. Floyd, J. Holme, G. Wil kinson, T. Cole, J. Fulford, and J. Thomp son ; tho hon. T. T. 'ABeckett, Sir George Stephen, Messrs. J. W. Stephen, and G. Webb, barristers-at-law; and Messrs. Fizgibbon, Vnn Hcmort, J. H. Wilson, Duncan, Lompriero, Martin, Rood, and Captain Smith. Tho ladies also woro there in great numbers. The cere mony commenced by the Rev. H. B. Macartney reading 1 Chronicles, ch. 29, from the first to the twentieth verse. The Apostles' Creed, tho Lord's Prayer, and other portions of the Liturgy woro then read, after which ihe Lord Bishop offered up a special prayer. Mr. J. W. Stephen, one of the trustees, then read the follow iug; ? 'This scroll was deposited under the memorial stone of St. Mary's Church, Caul field, on Saturday, July 9th, a.d. 1870, in the 34th year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, together with threo Mel bourne daily papers, ono local paper, the Melbourne C/turch of 'England Messenger, and various coins of the realm. Governor of tho colony, John Henry Thomas, Viscount Canterbury, of the city of Canterbury in tho county Kent, and Baron Bottesford, in the county of Leicester in tho Peerage of the United Kingdom of Great Bri tain and Ire land ; Bishop of the diocesa o.f. Melbourne, the Right Rev. Charle3 Perry, _X-.D. ; Dean and Archdeacon of Melbourne, tne very Rev. H. B. Macartney, D.D. ; incumbent, the Rev. H. B. Macartney, jui., B.A.; trustees of the parish, James VVilberforce Stephen, Esq., Harold Pennington.. Esq., and Everett Bardwell, Esq. ; architects, Messrs. Reed and Barnes. ; builders of founda tion, Messrs. Little and Boyne. ; builo'or of superstructure, Mr. James Bonham.' To this document were attached the signatures of tho bishop, dean, clergymen present, and tho trustees. Mr. Stephen, addressiug the bishop, said that tho congregation had a special reason of congratulation at having his lordship present to lay tho memorial stone of St. Mary's. It was their privilege to lead tho van, aa it would bo tho first church in the dioeese built without state aid. Thoy welcomed the presence of his lordship, aud trusted with confidence that he would be spared to bo present yet agaiu, not only on tho occasion of the church being opened, but on the day when they would be enabled to hand over to his lord ship tho title deeds of the church, aud it was freed from debt, prior to consecration. On behalf of the congregation, Mr. Stephen then presented to the biahop a beautiful silver trowel, suitably inscribed, the handi work of Mr. Walsh, of Collins-street. Mr. Bardwell then placed the scroll, papers and coins in a large stoppered bottle, and Mr. Pennington deposited it in the space carved out for it in tho stone. His lordship, trowel in hand, then superintended the spreading of tho cement, after which the stone was lowf rid into its placo, and having properly plumbed it, ho gave it three taps with the mallet, and said, ' I pronounce this stone properly laid, in the namo of the Father, of tho Son, and of tho Huly Ghost.' The congregation then sang the hymn ' From allfthat dwell below the skies,' after which offerings to a considerable amount were placed upon the stane. The bishop, addressing the congregation, said that when first invited to perform tho interesting and eolomn ceremony which had just taken place, he was 'doubtful 'about being present, but after much consideration ho was led to feel that under tho peculiar circumstances con nected with the church it was right for him to be there. The church whose memo rial stone had been laid that day was em blematical of the progress of the country in settlement. Years ago the congregation had erected a small treatherboard building oppo site, and. had enlarged it from, time to time ; now it was necessary to build a more sub stantial edifice, and it was a matter for con gratulation that the Church of St. Mary was tho first work undertaken by the church without state-aid. He ha*i confidence in the congregation carrying on the work begun that day to a speedy completion ; and he also had good confidence that the word of God would be preached faithfully by the reverend in cumbent, and that he would prove a work man that need not be ashamed in the day when all works Bhall be tried. They had commenced that day the initiation of a system which he trusted to see followed throughout the land — a plan by which they had set an example in the church, showing what could bo dono wlisa a congregation were thoroughly in earnest in building a ____ ______________ — — — ^— houao to tho glory of God. He thanked them most heartily for the very handsome trowel which had been presented to him, which he should ever priz«. Ho was not possessed of much silver at Bishop's-court to tempt any ono to appropriate it to their own use, and ho would take especial caro that tho trowel fell into no other hands but his. His lord ship was mnch cheered throughout his ro marks. Sir George Stephen then addressed tho congregation, congratulating them on tho work which they had that day been engaged in. Ho pointed out that faith in the Lord Jesus Chriit was the only sure anchor to the aoul ; when doubts arose or troubles rolled ; and warned, tho people against tbo evils of intemperance, tracing io commission of the blackest crimes which disgrace humanity in this colony to the per nicious influence of intemperance. bir George is now extremely feeble, and his tremulous voice, nnd earnest, heartfelt ap peal had 3 great effect on the pooplo, many of the women shedding tears. The \ cry Rev. the Dean next spoke to the people, ad vertina to the fact that tho fathers of the incumbent and Mr. J. W. Stephen were both permitted to address them. Their sons were advanced in life, and they them selves were both well stricken in years, and might not eoo the completion ef tho work thoy had commenced, but ho looked upon the fact as a good omon that peoplo were settling down and forming their homes here. The Rev. H. B. Macartney, jun., then offered up tho prayer of St. CliTysostom, after which tho biahop pronounced the bonc j;nt:nr, nnA f-in nroceedinm terminated shortly before five o clock. At half-past five the congregation sat down to a sump tuous tea in a large marquee erected close by the weatherboard church, and by half past six everything was cleared away, and ?he public meeting took place, tho bishop in tho chair. Tho financial statement was read by Mr. J. W. Stephen, after which the Rev. J S. Low gave a short sketch of tho history of tho parish. Addressesweredelivered during tho evening by the chairman, tho Dean, tho Revs. H. B. Macartney, O. S. Isaac3on, G. O Vance, nnd Chief Justico Sir W. Stawell and Judge Pohlman. The church choir sang several anthoms during tho proceed ings, and a largo collection was taken up after tho address of the Rev. C. S. Isaacson. 