SERIOUS CASE OF FORESHORTENING " Manhood and middle age will be fuller of vital force but old age less prolonged." (From the Queensland Express, May 30.) Reader, do not pass over this textfas if it were some abstract apothegm 'from the ancient?— something that concerns everybody, and therefore nobody—something of such widespread import that its attenuated significance amounts to absolute no-meaning at any one point, say at the point M or If, which I am given to understand is jour baptismal alias. The writer of the text is not Plato, or Seneca, but Mr William Thomas Thonusn ; and the parties whose manhood and middle age are concerned ere not the Greeks, or .Etonians, or mankind, but yon and !• Mr "William Thomson is actuary of the Standard Life Assurance Company, Edinburgh; and you and I are—well, it snfiices for the present to know, that we are Australians, and that it is onr old age which is threatened as per above. This cold«blooded conspirator, not satisfied with abstract calculation?, has been busy with human life } and, asifhe had not a sufficient number of victims at liome, ha must needs, forsooth, turn upon us. .Mark the gloating ferocity with which, JSero-like. he lumps our lives, and takes them with one stroke of the pen. It is a fine euphemistic stroke too, clean as a hair-stroke— but old age less prolonged." He does not say— "you Australians lead an active and lusty life for certain time, but by and by, just when you expect to enjoy the fruits of your labour, you will go out like the snuff ofa candle;" yetthaf is precisely what he means. "My Colonial Friends, I have made a s.udy of your case, and having put you through a course of logarithms, I ha-e the pleasure of informing you that you can't last long, A murain on* yon and your Insurance Tables, William TIIOIDSB Thomson. Why could you not have.left us to the blessedness of our ignortnce ! What is the good of this information ? What iB the policy of this assurance ? What had we done to you that you should come and torment us before our time, casting our horoscopes in your accursed tables, shortening our lives with slate-pencil, and coming Cumming over us with your dire apocalpyse of the grave P Have you ever read Heaven from all creatures hides the Book of Fate, All bnt the page prescribed, their present state— that you must set yourself up agaiust heaven, and not only make a book of fate for us, but insist upon our reading it ? How can we ever expect to become dulv aged if this inexorable calculator in that Edinburgh office of his has us aver- aged and per-cent«>aged while we are yet in the flower of life? Who could possibly live Ion; under such a process of being totted up, and multiplied, and divided, and tabulated as we Australians must have been subjected to by this.logarithmic grave digger ere the above gloomy conclusion was reached ? 1 shall never again see an elderlv man's funeral without feeling that William Thomas Thomson has had a finger, or rather a digit, in his "taking off." Taking off? I wish he were only taking us oft But however pleasant it had been not to know it, it is out now. Thomson has done it. We are tabled and there is ho amendment. Instead of " Let Australia flourish," our legend must henceforth be " Vit<B summa brevis." No good now, my middle-aged friend, adding house to house and field to field. Surveyor—General Thomson bas a little agricultural reserve ready for you, to which you must come at once, or at least ere long, and lie down quietly- Tour swelling self-importance is nothing to him. He merely knows the sort of figure you cut in a table, and he rubs you out, or writes you in, without the slightest regard to your social status. Are you thinking of pulling down your barns and building greater ? Jam te premefc nox, fabulaeque, &c.; No ; that's not it. This is better : Jam te premet Tomsonius, " tabulaeqne," &c.; Down come Thomson and his tables upon yon, and lo what are you? A mere number—an Arabic numeral, to be added to those gone before ; and several of you together may make a chiper, and carry one to the next column. Ifyouarea Queenslander, as I presume you are, and if you have read the report from which £ extracted the above text, you will, perhapp, take refuge in the consideration that this Rhadamanthine actuary is speaking only, or at least markedly, of Australia southward of 30 degrees. For meroy's sake, and by your hopes of old ase. if you will still have such, forbear to make this suggestion in any of the public prints. Should it meet the Thomsonian eye, who knows but that dread organ may nest be fixed upon us who dwell north of thirty, and the owner thereof make a rush upon us, as upon fresh fields and pastures new ? Who knows but he may turn the tables upon us, and make us out to have no old age in store at all ? For dear life's sake keep dark ! I am a middle aged man myself, and I want a few years more. And if this nhould reach Edinburgh, oh Thompson, spare us ! Don't tot us up too coTectlv ! We have a hard life of it here, Thomson. The grub wastes our cotton, The frost consumes our cane. The drought emaciates our cattle. Do stiok us down on your tables, like a good fellow, for a few extra years, for indeed we want all our time, and more. Sweet William, hear our prayer ! Manhood and middle age will be fuller of vital force, but old age less prolonged." Surely there is a bright side to it also. Life is not measured by time, but by events. Its essential elements are notminutes and seconds, but actions. Life is work ; and he who crowds most work into his allotted time lives longest. The lifepurpose once fulfilled, old age becomes a mere waiting. Better a few years of full vital force than a Methuselah-life of shambling langour. " Better fifty years of Europe than a cycle of Cathay." And so forth. But, oh. my philosophic soul, this won't serve me instead ot my old age! I like the philosophic, but I want to look forward to'my firesidecorner, my gruel, mv slippers, and my night-cap. And woe is me. I have just discovered that between the first and second clauses of my text there is a casual connection. It is because my middle life is so full ot vital force that that venerable institution, old age, is to be curtailed in my case. And now what is my position ? Simply this. The very superfluity of health I now enjoy has become a symptom of more premature decay. The healthful bound of my present pulse has become for me the harbinger of more rapid suspension. I am so well, I cannot possibly be a long liver. This fine appetite has become fatally significant; and these rations, irrational though it seems, are at once my bane and my antidote. Oh, Thomson, Thomson ! It was an easy matter in your climate, in the old college days, when the east wind blew down your Edinburgh street right through the present writer, shrivelling him up Into the mere phantom of a student, and a ghost in everything but the cough—it was an easy matter then. I say, to keep down the vital force, when the only difficulty was to keep it up. But in this glorious clime, where the very air is meat and'drink. wherewithal shall we enfeeble ourselves ? What shall we do to check the rapidity of this bounding tide of vital vigour! Can't we dam the stream—as we do Thomson P Will no one BUgsest something ? Can the new Minister do nothing for us * Surely the extension of life is a more vital question than the expense of a railway. There is a chance for a popular measure. The Minister who would have the courage to propose—let us say—the weekly cupping of the entire population, of a bi-weekly fast, or a compulsory mid-day siesta, would undoubtedly command the smiles of his country men "Manhood and middle age will be fuller of tail force, but old age less prolonged." The more I repeat it the more melancholy it seems- Jordan did not mention a word of this when he seduced us out there—not a word about that other Jordan over which we are now promised ajfree—nay —a compulsory passage at no remote date. £25 seemed very little for a passage of sixteen thousand milesbut £25 phis longevity!— There is a place not far from the original Jordan called Jericho, Would that Jordan No 2 had been so near it as Jordan No I p Is there no moral to all this ? I leave to clergymen to take the hip her view of "'•he case and to tell you to work while it is day. I leave it to Shakspeare to tell you to let the firstlings of your heart be also the firstlings of your hand. But, in the meantime, Thomson has bowed me down so low that I cannot rise all at once to those levels. My view of it is this —let us take out our senile privileges, now. One of the most blessed privileges ofold age, is that of discontent. Brethren, let us take it out in grumbling. I conclude with the impression of being done. SIGMA, It will be remembered by the members of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, that at the annual meeting held on the 22nd of April last. Professor Smith read a portion of a letter which bad been received by the actuirv of the society Mr Morrice Black, from MB William Thomas Thomson, actuary for many years to the Standard Life Assurance Company, of Wdm-" burgh. The extract was as follows:— u I have read the report with much satisfaction, showing, as it doe°, the very thorough manner in which, you have conducted tbe investigation, the sound basis on which you have placed the institution, and the satisfactory position in which it stands The proceedings of voar meeting were also not only highly interesting, but the tone of the principal speakers impresses on the reader that they are earnest buainessjmen, whose Bole straightforward wish was to place tbe society in the most favourable position to do good'- You hav - still, of coarse, a heavy responsibility upon you in watching the data on which you proceed with reference to the future rate of interest in your country on sound seen ritie?, and the mortality which may derelop itself when you have reliable observations % as to the value of life in the colony. I do not think that the Carlisle table will fulfil what is desired, and I have no doubt, until you have better data, you will find the returns of the Registrar- General of England, based on our whole mortality, nearer the mark. They give less value to advanced life which I am inclined to think will accord better with what is ascertained to be the expe tation'of life in your country within certain limits, sav southward of 30 degrees. Manhood and nucule aze will be fuller of vital force, but old age less prolonged. J have observed the same in Canada, and I think I see indications of it in Australia, Meanwhile, the Registrar's Table, No 1, appears to me your m06t reliable basis. In Britain it takes all our watchfulness to keep our lives select, while the lapsing and surrendering of policies of good lives affects our selection and alters our remits. You are quite right to make a reserve. It will besides other advantages enable yon to dr al'with changes more satisfactory and more confidently.'' The above article, from the Queensland Express, we quote for the gra- tification and amusement of our readers.— ED. ^MATTEK O* MONET.—An old bachelor, who might have been married well, said he saw nothing but the Union before him, 