I GOVERNESSES. J [From the Saturday Review.'] The most frequent complaint of the ladies , who give prominence to their grievances and of the gentlemen who advocate their claims, turns' on the fact that educated gentlewomen have " hardly any other profession than that of teaching. And, notwithstanding the small encroachments made by the one sex upon professions of the of other, the advertisement columns of the daily papers attest the general truth of the assertion. To judge by these, every other lady from the age of eighteen to forty is consumed by a burning coal to instruct children and young ladies. Where there is such an ample announcement of educational materials, one naturally supposes that there has been a corresponding preparation in working them up for use. One naturally loves to ponder on the hard and deep study by which the female youth of England is qualifying it self to indoctrinate the female youth of a coming generation with the elements of polite and useful knowledge One fancies in one's own mind the pale and elegant female student retir- ing to her school-room and her books ; storing j her mind with the contents of innumerable , authors, now enriching it with historical knowledge, and now strengthening it with philosophical lord. One fancies for varying the labour of ' ' domestic study by occasional visits to the lecture-room, and confirming the lessons of her books by the instructions of living oracles. While a pleasant admiration of female industry and' intelligence thus warms his mind, the com- . placent father of young daughters decides on engaging a governess. The opportunities of . doing so are innumerable. Either private negotiation or an official agency supplies them in abundance. Distrust of his own discernment, or of his ability to bow out any young lady who seems resolutely bent on educating his children, induces him to try the agency. He there sees a ladylike and businesslike person, who asks his requirements and promises to meet them. The next- " day his door resounds with the successive knocks of competing and self-confident young women. If they walk, of all heights, breadths, and dresses. First, a flaunting chair, with a cock's feather in her hat and a defiant glance in her eye, . pronounces herself at once equal to the whole course of an English education. Her only weak point, according to her own account, is her igno- . range of English, of which she appears to have '. road nothing since she left school. To compere - sale for this defect she has a valuable acquaintance with French, which, with collateral acquire- ments, she has picked up in the cheaper boarding houses of Paris and Tours. Then she has learned singing under Madame Squallini, and the piano under M. Frappefort, together with a self possession of manner which rather displays Pater-., families. Fortunately the knocks at the door ' come to his rescue, and the entrance of another apostle of education puts an end to an interview, which was beginning to be oppressive. The now > visitor is quite a contrast to her predecessor. She is easy, composed, somewhat reserved, and very patronising. She takes her seat with something like a resigned air, as if she knew she was intended for better things. ? She lets her interrogator know at once-by manner rather than by words that she is a person of eminently genteel antecedents that her mother is very fastidious, and her uncle a swell. But as she too plainly implies that touching is a condescension on her part, she is finally bowed out with a promise that she ' ' shall hear again." Then enters a young looking thing, with gaiety and vulgarity struggling for, mastery in every gesture, feature, and attitude. When she does not laugh, she giggles. Every answer is half a giggle. She looks upon the whole proceeding, on her own profession and everything connected with it, as a joke. Can she teach Î "Oh yes !" and the laughs. Has she taught before 1 " Oh yes !" and she laughs again. Has she taught much ? " Oh no, not much !" and here she laughs. What has she taught 1 "On French and English." Hero: another giggle. What French? "Oh, the grammar." Anything more ? " Oh yes, La Fon- Paine's Fables." Anything else I " No !" and hero who necessarily giggles. What English ? "Oh, Magnall, Mrs. Markham, and Blair's Sermons, and the Spectator." Is she strong in arithmetic? " Oh no !" and here she fairly explodes, as if the mere suggestion of knowing arithmetic well was really too good a joke. Is she au fait at history 1 Could she set questions on the leading events of English history 1 " With a book, yes ; but without a book, she fears, not. But she will try." On this she goes off into a fit of hilarity. Finally she retires, as she probably expected, without being engaged. The lady who is finally selected obtains the preference father for her negative than her positive, qualifications. She is not learned, nor clover, but neither is she held/ hoydenish, or offensive. After the work of instruction has continued for a month, the father proceeds to inquire into its conduct and results. He then finds that the ignorance of the teacher is something incredible that she can teach by rote, or with her books at hand ; but that every question put by an intelligent child as to the why and wherefore of rules given, or the meaning of terms used, issued by professions of ignorance or equivocating evasions. In many cases this is not the worst. The mind of the governess is, often as vacant as that of the pupil, while it is a good deal less active and inquiring. Moreover, it has been drilled into listlessness by the pres- sure of poverty, dependence, and routine. It has, therefore, been forced to take refuge in the excitement of small gossip, and petty scandals j and the influence of such associations is felt in the daily conversations between pupil and teacher. Sometimes it is found that the government has been amusing for pupil with anecdotes of her servant's ignorance or misconduct j at other times, ghost stories and other appeals to the superstitious sentiment are the subjects of her communications. And it is not seldom a matter of congratulation that she has at least forbore from enlightening the child's mind on matters of love-making and elope ment. A more frequent and innocent topic of self-complacent exposition is the prosperity of former days, the state in which her father lived., the servants and horses which he kept, and the friends whom he entertained. Between the, abundance of talk and the dearth of instruction,, the child grows up without knowledge of any One of the subjects on which a lady ought to, have; some information, and incapable of talking rationally on anything except dress, dancing, and perhaps music, She grows up also familiar with silly gossip,, low notions, narrow views, and vulgar prejudices. To this miserable pretence of education we owe that annual crop of pretty and full-blown dolls, with bright eyes and com- plexions, buxom figures and rich dresses, who talk slang with fast men, frighten all reason-, able men, and finally marry grooms, apeniU thrifts, or loutish habitues of the Stock Exchange. We are speaking hero of the average run of the governesses who train the children of middle, class parents, and who are known only through the medium of agencies and advertisements. Those ladies have no qualification, because they have had no education, for the duties which they profess to undertake. Indeed we believe. that the managers of the more respectable, agencies are sometimes startled by the naive of privation of all knowledge of their professions the part of the young ladies who seek pupils. Their ideal is just as low as, their attained standard of qualification. It is not unusual, we believe, for one of these, candidates to promise, her application somewhat in this way :-" Oh, Mrs. Blank I have not been out before,, and I don't wish papa to know that I am looking fat A situation ; but I want to earn, a little pocket money, and I should not mind taking a pupil or two for a couple of hours in the day," it is un-. necessary to say that no respectable agency o(\\\ca I would, recommend a candidate of this kind.,, Bint, probably they do manage to obtain situations j and it is easy to foretell the results to, any child; who is brought into daily contact with, a teacher who combines profession with prevarication, I liberal sums of Um butter samples of the second order of governesses must not above despising the work which they undertake, and descend to the subterfuge of concealing their occupation from their hypnotic friends. We believe it sometimes happens that young ladies spoilt by this false name and scorn of an honest occupation nveoA and commence an acquaintance at Bath, Bright. ton,oijChoUunluini,nnilorthomutniiUlolusionthat each has an independent fortune, The acquain times ripens into intimacy, with the hope of being; afterwards continued in London. They do much in London, but it is at a fashionable, school agency, and each is revealed to the other as do pending on her own exertions for her daily bread. From that moment mutual respect vanishes. Each hates the other for a simulation of which both are guilty; and each despises the other for being of the same profession as herself. What can young girls be expected to turn on, after having been trained by teachers such as those Yet the average course of middle-class education is conducted under such auspices. And such the teachers will continue to be until teaching is forbidden as a profession to nil ladies who cannot produce some authority tative certificate of aptitude and preparations 