CEREMONY OF LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF A NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH. (From the Mercury.) On Thursday, 21st inst., the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new church for the Wesleyans in Upper Davey street took place according to arrange ment, in the presence of a large number of spectators. Some time ago a bazaar was held in behalf of the building fund for this church, when a creditable sum was realized, forming with the subscrip tions then promised the nucleus of a fund which has been liberally augmentod since that time. The Wesleyans have had a cause in Davey-street many years, a Sun- day-school being conducted in a school room formerly rented by Mr Daniel Simp son, and which was afterwards with other premises and a good sized plot of ground, purchased by the denomination. Divine service has also been held in the school room, under the auspices of the ministers, of the Hobarl Town circuit. The increase of scholars and the requirements of the oongregation have shown them the neces sity of enlarging their borders; and availing themselves of the eligible site in front of the school-house for providing additional accommodation. It is a matter of regret with the promoters of the un dertaking, that steps were not taken many years ago, when times were more favor able, for erecting a new church; but the growing importance of the locality, and the absolute need of those concerned, at length determined the friends of the cause to make an effort, and carry out the long- cherished design. On the twenty-fourth of May, last year, some of the more ardent members got up a tea-meeting at the school-room, the proceedings of which we noticed at the time. The Rev. Hans Mack presided on that occasion, and the circum stances having been clearly explained, and the necessity for action demonstrated, preliminary resolutions were adopted, and an active committee appointed. The then Superintendent of the Circuit, the Rev. S. Ironside, took a deep interest in the movement, and the various influences brought to bear upon the friends culmi nated in the holding of the successful bazaar, to which we have alluded. Plans having been prepared by Messrs Crouch and Wilson, architects, of Melbourne, ten ders were invited early in the present year for the erection of a new church capable of seating three hundred and fifty porsons, and the tender of Mr John An derson was accepted at £1440 for the building, seating, and fittings. The au thorities of the district had sanctioned a grant from the building fund of £800, and the total sum available up to the time of laying the foundation stone was £886 16s 11d. No time has been lost by the con tractor in excavating and putting in the foundations, and the work as far as it has gone is of the most substantial character. The building is to be of stone, and in the Gothic style of architecture, occupying an area of 66 feet by 38 feet, and will include church, vestry, and two class rooms, af fording, as we have stated, accommoda tion for three hundred and fifty persons; the old school-room remaining, of course, available for school purposes. The brown stone to be used in the building is pro- cured from the Summerhill's quarries, and the white stone from those of Bridge water. When complete it will be a neat building, and add one to the ornamental buildings of Upper Davey-street. The trustees determined to solicit the services of Henry Hopkins, Esq., in the ceremony of laying the foundation stone. Another part of the arrangement was that the Chairman of the District, the Rev. W. A. Quick, President of Horton College, should assist and deliver an address suit able to the occasion. In consequence of the inclemency of the weather the cere mony was deferred until yesterday, when, notwithstanding the quantity of rain that had fallen, and the muddy state of the streets, the attendance was such as to jus tify the resolve not to have any further postponement. The time fitted for laying the stone was half-past two; a platform was erected, and planks laid down to avoid as much as possible the desagremens of the mud. A number of the Sunday school children attended, and long before the time ap pointed the spectators began to arrive. There were also the Wesleyan ministers and some ministers of other churches, a good many other gentlemen, and some ladies who braved the weather to evince the in terest they felt in the ceremony. Among the ministers and others we noticed the Rev. W. A. Quick, Chairman of the Dis trict; Revds.Hans Mack and Jas. Graham, ministers of the Hobart Town circuit; Rev. J. Hutchison, minister of the New Town circuit; Rev. Mr Bird, New Norfolk circuit; Rev. John Storie, St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church ; Rev. J. W. Sim mons, Union Chapel; Rev. J. Long, Primi tive Methodist Church; Rev. R. M'Lean, Presbyterian ; Mr Pratt, one of the mem- bers for Hobart Town in the House of Assembly; Messrs. G. Wilson, J. P. Woolley, James Smith, Kipling, W. Smith, Davis, R. S. Waterhouse, W. Waterhouse, Smith, Espie, M'Cormack, Hawson, R. A. M'Lean, Connor, T. J. Crouch, J. Anderson (the Contractor for the Church), and Rowntree (Superin- tendent of works), &c.; The proceedings commenced by the Rev. Hans Mack reading the hymn com- mencing "Before Jehovah's awful throne," which was sung to the Old Hundredth. Prayer was then offered by the Rev. J. Storie, after which, at the request of the Rev. Hans Mack, the Rev. Mr Bird read portions of scripture, namely : — 1st Chronicles xxix., and Psalm cxxii. Mr W. Smith, Secretary of the trust, read the financial statement, showing that the contract for the huilding, seating, and fittings, was for £1440, and the estimated sum for plans, supervision, and contin gencies, £110, total, £1550. The sub scriptions and bazaar receipts amounted to £586 16ts 11d, grant from building fund marked that of the amount of subscrip tions, four gentlemen had given the noble sum of £50 each. He also read the fol lowing statement which was neatlv en rBsod on vellum, and which, with the umcuts named, were to be placed in a box, and deposited in a cavity beneath the fouudatiou stone, namely : — This memorial stone iof the Wcsleyan Church, Davey-Btreet, Hobart Town, 'ins mania, was laid by Henry Hopkins, Esq., on July 21 si, tiie year of our Lord, 1870, and in the 84tH year of the reign of Her Most Gracious 'Majesty Queen Victoria ; Charles DuCane, Esq., being Governor of the Colony of Tasmania j the Kev. Gcorge'Hurst' being President, and the Hcv. Benjamin Chapman Secretary of the Australasian Methodist Conference s -ihc Jtev. W. A. -Quick, chair man of the Tasmania District ; and the liovds. Hans Mack mnd James Gttilmm being .ministers of the Uobart Town Wealejan Circuit for the year aforesaid. Architects, Messrs. Crouch and Wilsou, Melbourne ; builder, Mr John Anderson, Holiart Town. Cost of building, £1550 j area, 66 feet by 38 feet, affording accommodation tor 350 per sons. Copies of the minutes of the Austra lasian Wesleyan Conference for 1870, of the Wesleyan Local Preachers' Circuit Plan, Hobart Town, for tlie present quarter ; of the Evangelist, JjLunoeston ; of the Wesleyan Chronicle, Melbourne ; of die Christian Ad amite, Sydnoy ; and of the Mercury and Tasmanian Times, Uobart Town, of the latest dates arc herewith deposited. The following lire the names of the trustees of the above-named church ?. — H. S. Uarrett, 'K. J. Burgess, W. F. Brownell, Thos. Clarke, T. J-'Crouch, William Connor, IS. Hawson. J. Kipling, R. A. McLean, W. Smith, R. S. Wnterlwuse. Theitev. Hans. Mack then said : The -vo-ieTable 'Henry Hopkins, JSsq.,' will now lay the stone. Mr Hopkins having left his carriage was escorted to the platform. The Bev. Hans Mack *aid, Sir : I have much pleasure in being deputed bythetrus tees of this church to present you in' their name with this trowel and mallet, as me mentoes of this foundation-stone ceremony, and -as symbols of this good work with which you hare expressed sympathy by giving it your ? support. The trowel, of fine steel, with ebony handle, and silver mounted, was then landed to Mr Hopkins. It bore 'the fol lowing inscription : — ' Presented to H. Hopkins, Esq., J.P.. on the ?occasion of his -laying (he memorial stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel, Davey-sfarecfc, 'Hobart Town, July'eist,;ie70.' The box containing 'the parchment and other documents having been then de posited inihe cavity under the stone, and covered by a heavy plate-iron, iMr Hop kins Uid aio mortar in tiie usual form.and the stone was lowered to its proper ;posi tion at a dead level, under the personal superintendence of Mr Anderson, the builder. Mr Hopkins -gave three knocks on the ?tone with the mallet in true masonic style, and said: I declare this stone laid in the Name of the Father, of the Sou, of the Holy Ghost ; ? may the blessing of God at tend the undertaking ; may many souls be born here to the glory of God, and to the increase of His Kingdom. I wish you all prosperity, and the successful completion of the building. The following is the inscription on the stone: — 'Wesleyan Church. This stone was laid by Henry Hopkins, Esq., J.P., 20th July, 1870.' Mr Hopkins having been escorted 'to his carriage, by several gentlemen of 'the :trust, the proceedings continued. The ltcv. Hans. Mack took the oppor tunity of announcing 'that purses and do nations on behalf of the building fund could be presented and laid on the stone. A goodly number of purses were tlicn produced hy indies and others, and kid on tho-stone in response to the invitation. The children of the Sunday School then Joined in singing a pret(y melody to the ?words, 'We can aD. do something for Jesus,' after which, The 'Rev. W. A. Quick (who was intro duced by Mr Mack), mounted the stone, and delivered an address. Ho said he could not commence his remarks without expressing the gratitude he felt towards Mr Hopkins, the venerable friend who had been with them in laying the stone. They were all glad to hare secu ]iim there, and he (Mr Quick) felt glad and thankful that he had been able to be -with them. He belicvedhe had come at greatinconveni ence to himself, so that his kindness could be more appreciated. He then went onto remark that it Tvas customary on occasions like the present to give some account of the history and doctrines of Ihe body to which they belonged, and per haps it would be well that he should follow theiexample, and, in the course of a few remarks, do the same. Those who trerc building that edifice Tvore called Wesleyans ; tor his own part he should greatly prefer to accept the term of re proach given them as a people, when the first Methodists used to meet together, young men ? at Oxford, for worship -and spiritual edification ; he should prefer to be known as a Methodist,feeling it to be a greater reproach to be known by the name of any man than by the term in vented and given by way of reproach to the Wesloys. Ho was not speaking dis respectfully of that venerable mail who founded their body ; he had great vene ration and love to his memory, and to what he was enabled to do by the holp of Divine Grace. They did not, however, regard anything that he wrote as inspired, much loss did they worship that saint of God. They 'took hiB writings for what they ?were worth, butthey ?considered them in gene ral agreement with the Word of God, which was their authority in matters of of religious doctrine ; their appeal was to the Word of God. They haduo doubt that Wesley was a great religious rovrral ist, and'he {Mr Quick) regardedhimmore as that than, as a religious Teformer. 'He was raised up to revive religion ifrtho old 'Country.-aad'totspreaa scriptural, holiness through (the length nnd ibstadth -bf the , Oand. ;»w»igen«*lly nndorttood'aat previous to Wesley's labors England was in a sad moral and religious condition, tlie masses of this people wore deeply sunk in immorality, and that they were in the most imbrutod condition ; aud it was ad mitted that while there was a recognition of Christian doctrine, tliere was little of that spiritual life which is necessary to the preaching of essential and saving truth. It would be wrong to say tliere was ? no bible in. the Chui'chofBome when Luther arose ; but the fact was, he brought out the bible, he brought his truths from tlie bible, and he was enablod to be a great religious reformer ^ and.it^was just so as to their venerable founder, Wesley. HJhe doctrine of justification W Faith existed, but he was enabled to bring it out,1 to bring it into -circulation. He did that ; and, hy the blessing of God, 'they found tluit his labours in Eughvnd, Ireland, and Scotland, and even in America Avere most effectual. He (Mr Quick) need not in form that audience of die successful labours of Wesley, Whitfield, aud others, in the parent country, among vast multitudes of the people. They had all heard about them, out hemust al lude to Dne thing, theformation of classes which had been most serviceable in the Church, tending to keep the people to gether, and to help in supporting the ?work of God, and he need hardly tell them of the formation of circuits and dis tricts, and that a certain number of dis tricts formed a conference, the chief governing body, the ministers, bearing that name. So much, then ,' for discipline, ?which had -arisen -from and wasthe natural Tesult of the labors of Wesley, ?which God had so highly blessed. It might te said by some that their ecclesiasticalsystein partook more of the Presbyterian form than that of others, but it might be said it had something of the various systems. A friend of his once said, perhaps with more force than politeness, 'Tours is a mongrel system. Had lie said it wasan eclectic system he (Mr Quick) might have mode his bow to him, but there was some truth in it. He (Mr Quick) -was hearing Mr Binney, that, great and good man, de scribing tlie various church -systems. One he said was monarchical, another was de mocratic, and when he had gone through the whole, he remarked that the Metno dist -system comprised a little of all ; might he (Mt Quick) say rt comprised something of the best of other systems ? He regarded matters of discipline as of importance, and yet practically of no im portance, compared' to doctrines and a life of holiness by -Christian ^people, In a nation it was not a matter of so much con sequence -what -was the form of govern, ment, as the question, if all the people were virtuous mid patriotic; and in the Church it mattered little what was the form of government, if the members were the holy people of God ; if thev were bent on earrvinir out a svRtem proinotive of scriptural holiness, and cal culated to spread it throughout the coun try. The lE^eat thing was 'to have the pure word of God, and 'that brought him (Mr Quick) to1 a few points of doctrine. When Wesley was raised up he did not set up as a reformer, in the ordinary sense of the word, he did not profess to be a Luther ; he did not attack the ecclesiasti cal system of the country ; so far from that, lie held on his way, and was not un friendly to the establishment j almost with Cis last breath he prayed for t3ie establishment in the land, ?and that God ?would bless ' Ghurch and King,' was one of his hist expressions. If 'their venerable founder preached Justification by Faith alone, his great object was to bring sinners to the Lord Jesus Christ, that they might experience at once all tiie power of the Lord Jesus unto salvation. There wore points of. doctrine to which he gave great prominence, such as that the penitent believer should receive tltrough the Spirit the knowledge of salvation j-y the remission of sins ; it was also u point with him that believers should press tm to full salvation, the heart1 filled 'withtJie love of Christ wliich passedi knowledge.' Those were -some of the points to which he gave more prominence, 'and which he (Mr Quick) trusted would be made a blessing in that place when the rhureh was completed. He might refer to other doctrines, but he would, in conclusion, sny they came to that locality as 'the friends of all ; the 'enemies of none.' Indeed, they did not come thercforthe first time; the friends had long been labouring there. He trusted that, when the new church was completed,, the people would be taughttlie fear of the Lord, tliat the chil dren would be instructed in saving rruth, and that a great amount of good would ?arise 'from the preaching of the word. As it now commenced to ram heavily, the rev. .gentleman said he would not dc 'tain'tliem further. 'He announced 'the tea nieotingat Melville-street in the evening, and concluded by pronouncing ' the bene diction. EVENING TEA MEETING. A tea meeting in connection with the above was hold .in .the .MelviUe-streot school-room, commencing at half-nast six o'clock in tho evening. .After- the good things which were provided by Mr flay wood had been partaken of by about three hundred persons, the public meeting com* meuced. A unanimous vote placed tlie Kev Mr Quick, President of Horton Col lege, in the «hair ; the other rev. gentle men present were Messrs Hans Mack, J. Graham, Bird (New Norfolk), and J. Storie (Presbyterian). _ The public meeting was opened with singing, after which the Chairman en gaged' in prayer. The Bcv. Mr. Quick, in his opening ad dress, remarked uponthc very large num ber of people that had assembled together although !:he weather had been so uitpro pitious. He was glnd tcsec the founda tion-stone of the Davcy-street church laid 'by his old friend H. itopkuw, Esq. lit ?was agoodithing, he thought, to have ex ?traordinaiy«rrt)ortninitjes'aflbrdod to give io tho causemf Christ1: ' itdid-good *o tlie gi^er,mnd,of dow«8, Aeaeflted -the -ob- «ttewlubhltheLUlH*8%4i»d Jtwen exf ercised. It was an unwise policy to build a. small, insignificant place of wor ship in an important city, and ho thought, large as the intended cnurch was to bo, it would yet have to be enlarged. Mr w. Smith, the secretary of the trust, then read a financial statement, from which it appeared that the cost of building the proposed church was to be £1440 ; plans, supervision, contingencies, &c;, £110 ; totaL £1650. The amount of subscriptions to date, including the sum realized at the kto bazaar, was £586 16s lid; the purses laid on the foundation stone contained £17 9s Gd ; amount pro mised by tho Building fund, £300 ; total, £904 6s 5d ; leaving a balance of debt resting on the church of £646 13s 7d. Mr Smith concluded by reading: over the namos of Messrs. Brownell, Kipling, Clark, and E. S. Waterhouse, who had headed the subscription list with dona tions of £50 each, and the names of many who had given sums of £30, and others for smaller amounts. Tho Kiev. Hans Mack wag convinced, although there were many who differed from him, that tho church proposed to be -erected was needed in the part of the town in .which it was to be built. He hoped that God would bless the under taking which had just been initiated, and that those present at the meeting would see it to be their duty to assist as much as poiaible to forward the successful execu tion, of the work. The Bev. J. Storic felt it a pleasure to bo present on the occasion of the founda tion stone of a Wesleyan. Church being bud; He did not belong to the body of Christians with which the proposed church was connected; but it was intended to bo built for disseminating Christian truthj and that was quite sufficient to on* list his sympathy in-the. undertaking/ He hoped that the most, sanguine expectations would be realised. The Rev. Mr Bird, of New Norfolk, thought die erection of a Wesleyan Church in Davey-stroet, was not a matter that ought only to interest Methodists, but that it- concerned tho whole of Hobart Town, and indirectly perhaps, of Tasmania. There was nothing so conducive to the elevation of mankind as the imparting of Scriptural knowledge, and from this view, every lover of his iellow-men should do his utmost to forward the good cause. In a very humorous speech, Mr Brownell recommended that the money still want ing should be made up in £1 shares. There were many companies that paid. but poor interest to their shareholders, but he felt confident that their money, if invested in the manner he recommended, would produce a good return, both here and hereafter. The stewards of the church then went round to those present for the purpose of ascertaining if there were any who felt disposed to promise money to defray the ?cost of the building of the church. The amount promised by those present, with that given in the afternoon at the cere mony of laying the foundation stone, reached the handsome sumof £78 Us. lOd. Mr William Waterhouse, and Mr Ife, ?of Both well, having delivered short ad dresses, a hymn was sung, the benediction pronounced, and the proceedings termin ated. 