Jottings by a Tattler. No. XL JSo Charles Dickens is dead. The delicate hand : ?which swept so lightly o'er the varying chords of fcumaniife1, and brought sweet music from them ' all is stall for ever. '.. The creator of ' Pickwick,' , vi ' Little ; Nell,' of jioor vagabond 'Jog,' of . *' I'ecksiiifJ'/' of ' N.ick cby,' of the renowned ' Micawbcr.' and all thi other ladies and gentle men attractive and r ijulsive, who are such intunato acquaintances of the British public has passed -away into gloomy shades, wcither the creatur.es oi Jiib brajn will never lpllow liun. lie is gonej'fcut his works remain ; the magician has been cijlcd away from his art, but has left behind him palaces of splendour, a rich legacy to tlje ?world. ?' It seems to me that the news of this great man's untimely death— he was only fifty eight, iind therefore might have looked forward to niajuy years of existence — has been re 1 ceived ? with a cruel indifference. It Las ,'been scarcely spoken of among the people. He was greater than a king ; and yet 'when a king lays down his crown and sceptre, in obedience to death's summons, how quickly the ?world wakes up to a sense of its great loss ! It never lost so much by the death of one man, as it 1 has lost.by the death of Charles Dickens. He has been a- benefactor' to the whole human race; he has giy$n innocent laughter and bright hours to every -English man and woman who can read ; and, djing liiinself in the full vigour of his power, with another magic fabric rising up beneath his hands— tiying like his great rival. Thackeray in hie houi1 of strength — he leaves the- imperishable jreCordeof a genius as great and various as that of Shakespeare. ? Among Australian tales of mystery, the story »f the- Stanhope skeleton will no doubt hold a prominent place. The plot thickens, and before very long we shall have either a very sensational or a very absurd climax. The old saying tljat ''Murder will out' is not always correct; and I myself have the very strongest doubts as to. the soundness of Mr. Eugene Araii's theorythat corpses will persist in reappearing in public, to the discomfort of their slaughterers, even though the said corpses may have been put away carefully in earth or sea, ' ten thousand fathoms deep ; ' or that when a murdered man has been ' ? buried in a cave And trodden down with stones ; And yeans have rotted off bis llesli The world shall see his bones ! ' I don't believe a word of it. The subject is not a nice one, but . I can't help expressing a very decided opinion that there are large collec tions of bones, at one time appertaining to the. bodies of murdered men, hidden in gullies and ?waterholes and tree trunks in this Australian continent, just as they were left by the murderers. The world has not seen their bones, and never will ; not that the world has much to regret on that account, for when bones have ceased to per form their iippointcd functions as important portions of the living human body, the less that one sees of them the better. * * However, to return to this Stanhope mystsry, and the dis covery of somebody's bones m the Tangorin. Scrub. It appears that in this instance Eugene Aram's theory has been borne out ; but still not quite satisfactorily. No one can say whether the bones are those of the long-missing Charles or not ; or state positively whether they arc those of a murdered man or a suicide, or the victim of a gun accident. Being rather prone to think evil of itself, the human nature resident near the scene of the discovery manifests a strong inclina tion to set down the affair as a murder, and has even a suspicion of the murderer. Circumstances are .recollected ; that and that is being put together with that fafad facility which has proved bo frequently destructive to human happiness ; and the evil-thinkers of Stanhope consider iiiie crime already as good as proved. I would sug gest a little caution. Fir6t of. all, let us be sure that the remains are those of Robert Charles and no other person; then tliat the gun found near them is the same gun that, he carried with him on that morning when he went shooting in the Tangorin Scrub ; and thirdly, that he did not shoot him self by accident or design. Having read the pub lished accounts of this affair, and taken spine trouble to compare facts together, I have come to the conclusion that Robert diaries did not shoot himself, ancUrasnot murdered. He must have been accidentally shot by some other person, jmd that other person must have been afraid to dis close the fatal occurrence. To go into the metjhod by which this conclusion is arrived at wpuld occupy more space than should be monopolised by a mere tattler ; but such is the conclusion. .Mr. W. H. Bates, who lately made his appear ance at the Bathurst Police Court as a prelirai . nary, to his introduction to the next Judge who goes to that town or circuit, seemsto be a person eminently qualified to act as the guardian of : friendless orphans ! I The new police system is not turning out quite so well as its inventor anticipated. The people in the country districts are beginning -to grumble to tie sure the people in the country districts, are ?always grumbling ; but iu the present instance they have reason. Property is insufficiently; pro- tected. There is a dearth of policemen ; : and though under the most favourable circumstances ? ? a policeman is never at hand when he's wanted, the present state of things is worse, as the polics man is never at. hand at all, whether he is wanted or not The residents of the flourishing township of Numba in the district of Shoalhaven, are crying out for increased police protection. Though the district is agricultural, and therefore innocent, it needs constabulary. It has been said that people who till the soil are nearly always virtuous ; and that crime is almost unknown in districts that grow large .quantities of maize; and pumpkins. How is it that this rule does not- hold ? good in the case of Uumba ! There are plenty ?of free selectors there, and the locality ought to be Arcadian enough ;— how is it that it isn't 1 There's something wrong here. Jlr. RobeHson should pay these people a visit and reason j with them on the impropriety of conduct which upsets so many comfortable precedents.. Some of the country districts ar,e worse off in the matter of roads than in the matter of police. The waSider? ; ing reporter of the Sydney Morning Jleralfl has given such aa account of his Bufferings oh the ? Mudgee Road, that one cannot help shuddering at the thought of what the dangers of Australian travel really are. Bogs, gullies, logs, cheeks, «yery kind of obstruction that imagination can suggest- seem to enciimber this delightful Public thoroughfare. It is a caution to coach-builders ; a road which is a practical libel upon thle Go vernment ; a. highway of the very lowest and most objectionable cuss. ? There is a wild white man on the Herbert JUver, somewhere in the Northern districts of . Queensland— above Cleveland Bay. Hfe has _ been seen and spoken to several times within the last four years, and -is evidently as completely .savage As the aboriginals with whom he herds. He has forgotten even the language of thejwhite men ; and the only phrase which he can render comprehensible to English ears is 'Budgereejfellbw me ! ' whioh he utters ^vith propitiatory -views tv hen encountered by persons of what was once liis colour. He can hardly be called a {white man now, for the hue of his skin assimilates very closely to the blackness of his companions. - He has rather light-coloured hair ; is in all respects a perfect ' savage ; and evades capture. » How this mau got amongst the blacks is of cojurse a mystery ; but he must have spent the greater ? part of his life with them. His appearance and his disinclation to return to the haunts of, j civili sation prove that. If he could be captueed, his knowledge of the country might be turned to good account : and his rescue from a state of terrible degradation is surely worth attempting. ' After all, this poor white savage may be iiappier in his barbarism thau he would have been in a civilised state of existence. ' He may be a monarch in a small way, and have a crowd of obedient vassals ?who regard hjni wi$h veneration, Jt the in cidents of his life could be known, what a narrative they' would make'!— but we should require Dan Defoe's ghost to reappear on oarth and tell it. . The Conference is over, and the conferrers have been/cte7, ag. the custom is when getters-up of public dinners can find any eligible public diners. There was ^considerable amount of patriotism talked at that/ete; but, as usual, each patriot was upon his own individual hook, and had no connection with the patriot across the table. The honourable gentlemen were only unanimous in one thing— a conviction of their own superiority and importance. Our representatives at the Con ference, of course, played a couple of efficient knives and forks at the dinner, and made speeches there with great effect. They spoke our senti ments, and we are very much obliged to them ; though we have some share of the popu lar idea that deeds are somewhat prefer able to words. It was very kind of Mr. Cowper to say that New South Wales in sisted on having free trade ; but wouldn't it be . as well if he gave New South Wales what she so insists upon having ! She has'nt got free trade, you know ; nothing of the kind ; she never has had it ; and, therefore, Mr. Cowper, she will be much obliged if you will carry out her wish, and abolish the ad valorem duties. Professor Gamgee does not preserve his meat with much success. His preserves are not likely to be encroached upon ; and his process is a patented failure. There have been several trials of his peat in Melbourne, and the preserves have been invariably found rather more ' gamey ' than was desirable. I think the Professor may as well retire from the field, and put his letters patent at the back of the fire. ; A great event of the week has been the ap pearance before a Sydney audience, of that prince of light comedians, Charles Mathews, who, at sixty-seven. years of age, is still the same consum mate actor as he was in the palmy days of the British drama— the palmy days when Boucicaijlt was yet unborn, and the stage was not the arena for sham fights and feats of carpentry. He is. a wonderful man — this Charles Mathews ; his acting is the highest and most finished art : as replete with delicate touches as one of Claude's landscapes, and withal as graphic as the pencil of lluhetis. The first act of his Sir Charles Coldstream, in ' Used up,' is the perfection of histrionic ant ; and his performance like a rare Etruscan vase, seeps more full of beauty the more it is ex amined. It holds the mirror up to Nature, and faithfully reflects her features. It is like a Greek statue in its exquisite calm — a fresh violet in its simplicity, and, like Charles Mathews himself, in its wit and humour. 