BLACKWOOD. ON Thursday evening last week, Mr. Drummond, teacher at the Golden Point School, gave an entertainment in the Oddfellows' hall from his magic lantern gratuitously to the children atten- ding the school; and although the entertainmnent was given ostensibly for the ohildren, there being no restriction to their parents or genernal public attending, many availed themselves of the occa- sion, and between children and adults there could not have been much less than 200 persons present. At the appointed time, the children having been all provided with seats, Mr. Drummond intimated that he was about to commence the entertain- ment, and that he would show first somo pictures of his own execution, as he considered they were the worst, and for that reason he should show them first. The first shown was a man holding a plough drawn by bullocks. The room being perfoctly dark with the exception of the sun from the lantern, when the slide went in, showed the picture to great advantage; the children being in perfect ecstacies, made a great ovation. Other pictures were shown in rapid succession, the whole being greatly admired, a man mounted on a charger coming in for great praise. Pictures belonging to the lantern were then shown, the same being richly colourod, and all (with the execption of two or three scenes of Jerusalem and Constantinople, which were superb were of a comic naturo and displayed clever exhibitions of art, such as a man carrying a polo with a board and poster on which was written, "Repeal of the Union;" a policeman is in the act of seizing the bill-carrier, when he cracks the policeman's head, which pops through the board to the immense delight of the youngsters. The barber shaving, choice spirits, ghost at the tombstone, nightmare, plum pudding, old wife smoking, young man puffing cigar, boy falling with a basket of eggs, boy stealing apples with man beating him, a man reading newspaper when a bird picked of his wig, changing heads, bubblygigger, and a host of othor moveable and interesting pictures were shown, which delighted the youngsters wonder- fully. Mr. Brown showed someo astronomical slides, and gave some rather luminous expla- nations, whlich appeared to be rather lengthy for the youngsters, as they seemed to be impatient to have the funny things rather than the sun, moon, and stars. Mr. Brown, however, deserves credit for the mannor in which he was prepared with his part of the arrangement. After this some views of Blackwood, executed by Mr. George Carruthers, were shown, and also several photographs of local men and other subjects by the same gentleman, some of which were considered to be remarkably good productions of native science and art. 'The only fault by fault-finders to Mr. Carruthers' productions was that they were not deep enough toned; this defect remedied, they would take their place amongst first-class specimens of the photographic art. After a nearly two hours entortainment, the last slide was announced, it being a first rate representation of the pictures as seen in kaleidoscopes, which being moved by some mechanical contrivance, and the different bright, shiny, highly-tintod, red, yellow, green, black, and other colours, put a grand crowning finale on the evening's exhibition. At this stage, the children being all in a perfect state of jocun- dity, called out for a story from Mr. Henry Daly, which he had volunteered at the School that day to tell from the platform of the Oddfellows' Hall that evening. Mr. Drummond said he had for- gotten to tell Mr. H. Daly to fulfil his promise. However, Mr. Daly came on the platform, and got on with the story of the jaguar, or Indian tiger cat, in a very creditable manner for more than half of the story, when I suppose the noise and some remarks from the youngsters fairly upset him, so he retired from the contest. " Hip, hip, hurrah !" was given in gallant style for Mr. Drummond, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Carruthers, and the jovial meeting broke up. Mr. Drummuond said that Mr. Henry Daly had broken down with his story, but this was not to be wondered at, as it was almost, he might say, given extempore. He might intimate to parents present that he had extended the School hours half-an-hour of late, and it was for the purpose of telling useful stories' in natural history and so forth, so that they might gain a general knowledge of animals and other useful knowledge. The assemblage then dispersed, all highly satisfied with the evening's entertainment, and giving great praise to Mr. Drummnond for the trouble he had been at in getting up such a harmless and interesting enter- tainment, so well suited for the delight of the youngsters. The older persons who were present say that it was the best magic lantern exhibition that has ever been given on Blackwood. I may add that Mr. Carruthers assisted Mr. Drummond during the evening, The performances which were given for the Blackwood Accident Fund and the Kyneton Hospital were but slightly touched upon either by your corospondont or the correspondent of your contemporary. One I presume was too good to attend, and the other I suppose was too bad; or rather I suppose the one did not find it conve- nient to attend, and the other was so mixed up in the affair that he felt a delicacy in reporting on himself. I think, however, that when gentlemen give their services gratuitously, and by their united efforts materially assist two useful insti- tutions to the tune of £16, that they deserve better than only to be said that the performance was a success, and that so many pounds were taken. Like a good, or maybe a bad subject of the community, I attended the performance at the Oddfellows' Hall which took place on the evening of the 1st inst. in aid of the Kyneton Hospital. There were about 200 persons present, and when the curtain rose seven gentlemen done up in negro fashion sat before the audience, two playing triangles, one crackers, one on the violin, one on the jawbones of a horse's head, one on the concertina, and on a tambourine. They played all sorts of negro tunes, and sang negro songs, and told queer stories, and at nearly the finish Mr. John Hill gave out "' Tobias and Biancas," to the great amusement of the audience. I could hardly bestow too much praise on all the gentlemen as amateurs, as they must have been at considerable trouble in getting up the perfor- mance, and acquitting themselves in the manner they did. The names of the gentlemen are Messrs. J. Iill, R. Walker, Hudson, Glover, Fair- field, and other two gentlemen. Mr. Walker was put down as the best performer of the team. Their exertions were warmly applauded. The negro performance was concluded with Mr. Fair- field giving some step dancing, for which he was immensely applauded. "Numbeor One Round the Corner" was thou played by Mr. James Johnston as Flipper and Mr. Samuel Glover as Nobbler/ The piece was well played; and both gentlemen received considerable applause. T'here was some fault-fnding, however, at some of the expressions used, and itwas thought that it would just have been as effective to have sworn by Bozzy's anvil as by the heavens, or to call a man a confounded villain as an infernal, &c.; Where a host of youngsters are congregated, it is a good rule to follow never to use vulgar expressions, as young- sters are prone enough to use objectionable language, without as it were getting a lesson from a public stage. Messrs. Johnlston and Glover deserve great credit, as they played well and were perfect in their parts, but they would do well to take the hint, and when they play again keep out objectionable parts, even supposing they are in the original. The piece of the evening, "The Spectre of the Har," an original musical burletta, written by Mr. Arthur Appleton for the occassion, concluded the performance. Bubbli- gigger (Mr. Carpendor) a rather ugly-looking customer, with patched trousers, old black coat, and staved-in hat, made his appearance first and delivered an harangue about his appetite and his daughter Pilliana (Miss Field), who came in when her father left, and who after a few observations, said she was delighted with some verses she had learned, and was like to burst to sing the verses, which were composed by a Blackwood poet. She started to the tune of " Vilikins and his Dinah," and received hearty assistance in the chorus. The young lady's voice, or rather mode of pronouncing the words, was so indistinctly heard by me that really I would be telling a lie if I said that I know twelve words of the whole song. She had no lack of courage, and a little, training would make her a caplital stage performer. Karl (Mr. Johnston), Pilliana's sweetheart, was dressed in skin- tight unmentionables, with a highly-ornamented short coat, and sprucoehead- piece, and was altogether a first-rate representation of a foppish gent of the period of Shakespeare's day. He sang a local song, having reference to a local celebrity who plays billiards and can empty by the drink a barrel of ale as quick as any man on Blackwood. The song, however, is supposed to be twenty years hence, and the gent reflecting on how little all his billiard-playing and ale-drinking profited him, Mr. Johnston sang the piece well, but rather high for his voice. Bubbligigger sacks Karl, and carries him off to boil him down. After which Gumboil (Mr. Apploton), Fleabite (Mr. Beaumont), Sujee (Mr. Richards), Pothead (Mr. Hill), and Bailer (Mr. Shaw), mako their appear- ance, and each gives a speech at the command of Gumboil, in which each has either seen or done some wondorful thing. Pothead sang a local song on a jolly butcher, in which there were some rather severe and unmerciful jokes, which some people thought rather queer to be attributed to a honest butcher, such as mincing up young children, dogs and cats, and to be caught in the act of going to put a black into the sausage machins was perfectly horrible. The whole of the above charaters were dressed in robes of white, with long sugar-loaf hats two foot long, and equipped with battens. After a deal of parleying they killed old Bubbligigger, and Gumboil after- wards pronounced Pillianl and Karl married. A song concluded the entortainment. The piece throughout was received with much applause, and at the conclusion the author was called for, and Mr. Appleoton made his appearance, and made a few observations, which were warmly received. 