GEN SHAH. .NEWS [ The annual meetings-, of the: Congrega tional Union are now being held, under the presidency of theBev. J. Jefferis, LLtB. - ' The Rev. W. Taylor, of California, mil preach and hold special services this evening, and on.Thursday and Friday evenings, at the Pirie-street Church". 1. J.....;/ " .. j •The Rev. C. ,W.-Evan, pastor x>f the. Stow Memoihil Church, and ' the . Bey. Mb" Davies who, accompanies him ias coadjutor, ar rived "in Jnelbouihe by the" Dover Castle on the 16 th mstant, ; and mil leave for Adelaide by the Bahgatira oh (Friday, We are requested-to notify- that the John Daniels who was killed on board thelothe other day is not Air. J; Darnels, the.auctioneer of ihis bitjq - ' i We regret to learn that William • Q'DonneU, who met with the,-sad. accident on West-terrace, retundbg from the Datholic Pic-" nio.on Easter Monday, died,'a|.fejr hours after/ his leg was ampufeted. He leaves a,wife and7 three children. Aninquest will be held this afternoon. . ; A complimentary dinner will be given1 to Mr. W. H. Bean, M.P., at "the Black 'Lion Inn, Hindmarah, to-morrow evening,- by his friends in West Torrens, in celebration of his election for that district. r .' The half-yearly meetings - of- -the Baptist. Association ware held at Alberton en Easter Monday. The business meetings were held in the afternoon, but nothing of great im portance was done.In the evening tia and public meetings took place. -At the Fatter the Eev. J. L. Parsons presided^ and read an ad I mirable : address on. "Fore gleams of the church's work iu the future." The;Revs. Si Mead and- J."Price having made some remarks on this, the meeting closed."We are bomjpelled to hold over our detailed report. We bfeg to direct special attention to the prospectus of . the Haunaford Reef Quartz Mining Company, as published in our business. columns tp-oay. .; v:; i : ■ Auditing is done cheaply in Cape Town colony, "if we may judge "from an advertisement in the Gape Mail, inviting tenders for auditing the Corporation accounts, at £1 Is. per audit. . The Wallaroo Times, of the 16th inst;, Bays:—" We believe that the statement in the Begister,'to the effect! that the-return of :the Peninsula candidate is likely to-be petitioned against, is without any foundation." The Border Watch states that; soine. horses and saddles lately stolen have been re covered and the thief-captured as he was making tracks with them through the "Wim merah, District, in tho adjoining colony. ! We miderstand that the Mount Plea sant reef-shows very good prospects. At a depth of 50 feet' the quartz is fo'iimd" to be very rich in the precious metal., Opeiations are be ing pushed on vigorously, and it is believed that the claim will turn out to:jie vory valuable fThe^AttSfralitm ,&nd; Ne\p fjjedbtyuf*}. Gazette "(January 29) repi^uce«;£rom Ibis t>aper oar report of the survey/of Aim Nqriherri Terri* tory and Mr. Goyder's description,of "the coim 'try. The Gazette is perfectly satisfied with thai accounts given, and eulogises tile 'enterprise* ih highkerms. ' •- - We have been requested to -state, that the provisions- supplied on board theKohlnoor to the isorihern'Temtory" party* "on their last return voyage to Port Adelaide, were not fur- - nished by the Government, or through Mr. J. j T. Turnbul], -who supplied all other stores sent to the Northern Territory.. - - : The'exceedingly low state of the water. I in the 'Reservoir' calls for some action tpj be; taken by-the authorities-in-preventing -any un necessary use of the water supply by the resi dents of Adelaide and Port Adelaide. Should no rain fall soon there appears to be only two or three weeks' supply at present stored. The annual meetings of the Congrega tional Union will be commenced to-day. A prayer: meeting will be held at 10 o'clock in Stow Church, and this will be followed at 11 o'clock by the usual business meeting A devo tional meeting will take place in the evening in I Stow Church, when the Rev. Mr. Scales will j give an address. A very promising reef;has Been found at Mount Torrens. [Iri the cap gold is found; pretty plenrifnhy Jih^decbnif^sed ironstone. Below is white quai<s.b'in<6,'%lnch:'the:'mlher»' have sunk about six feet. _ Gold does not show ! in the quartz as yet; hat it is hoped that good results may he obtained at a greater depth. The reef, which is on private property, is well defined. Advertising hrcarried" on*atr high" pres sure in Cape Town. An_ enterprising tailor ! occupies a whole colnmn in the local organ; adopting as his "medium" the Governor's speech at the opening of Parliament. The " speech" is drawn up in the customary style, hut every paragraph cleverly culminates with a recommendation of the knight of "the thimhle, who is thus made the hero of the vice regal' address. Referring to the candidature of the Hon. John Uolton for the district of Stanley the Northern Argus remarks :—" The hon. gen tleman would doubtless have been returned for the district he had served for a-period of seven years, had it not been for the part.he took in the labor question- -Although defeated in his own district, he, at the request of a number pf the electors, consented to . contest;Stanley in oppositionto-Messrs.-^BrightandKingstoB,and for that purpose thproughly canvassed the dis trict, expounding his political sentiments in a manner that could not fail to give general satis faction-^ ad~uot" the "ghost" of rtfae, twopenny land tax presented itself, in all its horrors, to the agricultural mind." " t j The Cape [Towp.; Staiidard; and Mail quotes a paragraph from this paper with re ference to the departure for England of Mr. G T. Bean, in .the, Damti Gnr ; Cape "contem porary saysThe arrival of thelDaria' has afforded us an opportunity of meeting;Mr. G. T.~ Bean ; and~ we' are^ quita *preparect^*."after spending a good portion of a day in thai gentle man's company to believe he is all of the 'good specimen''Which the" 'Advertiser certifies him to he. He is a thoroughbred colonist, and no mistake. His whole heart is in his native land; and he baa given-tit information of varions lands which we shall take -an early opportunity of turning to acchuht here." The annual Rechabite~festival of the Northern Star Tent was held in-Mr. W. W. Leslie's schoolroom, Qaeienstown, ■ on. Good ^Fri day, April 15. . Teajwas:on the .table'about-5 o'clock, when a great many sat 'downland.; en joyed themselves,' after -which the public meet ing; took place. PiD.C.R. J-.T.sHeaddey in the chair. There was a large attendance, the school room being crowded. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Headdey, Pepper, LoBg,: Miidge, Short, and McKinlay on the evils arising from taking intoxicating liquors.-!KiCre were also several recitations and ; dialogues n givenv by Messrs..; Dowsett, Sinclair, SaUnders, [Short, and Grandfield, And.a.very.goddi recitation by Miss Willis was.Y much 'admired, all the recitations i and dialogues being loudly applihded.. j One i.^pr.oo;A^L-z:;tfe$titifruioe melodies sung by Mr. Johnson enlivened the proceedings. - A -vote -of- thanks -was then accorded to. .the Mends who had: pome [from Adelaide to take an active part in; the-proceed ings. A vote of thanks* to^thh,cChairman!|pr-thB, very able m'anUetin.tvhich Kt'fulfijUed his'oMce, brought the proceedings to a close a few minutes before 10 o'clock; .; .• "*-., On Saturday last Messrs; Sim'psoh and Son gave their" employds** a picnio?~to~ which their, wives, families, and sweethearts, were also invited. The picnic :yras held j at Brown hill Creek. The.weather .was.&dmirably; aftited; for the occasion,and perfect unanimity-of: feeling prevailed throughout. The [ various games were[ indulged in with such earnestness and vigor that the siimmons:tq dinner aiet yrith a hearty' arid qmck 'res^Hse.. Great credit;is; due to .Host. Hedman.for-tha-manner in .which the spread was got up—the table actually groaned beneath the weight of good things. After the cloth was removed, toasts, responses,: and songs followed each [other in. quick succekr sion, together with speeches from^severelbf the men,.who. spoke .expressive.of.the generalfeel ing of good will and good wishes for/the firm in which they were interested. ..They hoped such feelings would:[long; feoritinhri.^as"this.,.state of thirigs promoted .prosperity both te; .employers! arid employed; and indrteotly; to ^the ...cbroriyt generally. After the speeches 'piey ^jonrried*. to the grounds,"and finishelf the day with^flaW and. hrirdle raoing, - croquet—qnoits, archery, &c.; The prizes were thenMistributed by Mrs. Simpson, who presented each -with.some appro priate remark!' -After, tear; therp' was "a-. move > madeto wards thewaggonettes,arid a'rAmdinde/ to town concluded snoh a day as will'Torig be remembered by1 every" one who participated in J it. . -Throughout the .day,.the. band played ■ several choice8election8;ofmhsic,l_^ Y Mr. Heller's fame as aconjiirer of the very first cliuurkehured !hM [a crowded'house at" WBifala P/vAma Jnn'KTAnV)AviAVAninflr.r.-TliA TiA.11 was densely priced,[."aridthe interest' of the "eh: tertainnierit; was; 'sustiunedi tiU" '.the,-. ^yerydastj minute. - Mr." HeUef r'is[ "a" "man"pf.' yersatilA talent."; He is '.a [[oonJiireV,, 'a !hum"ojrul,f aipda* magnificent; perfpriner driAhe-jriario.' Then his sister, Miss Haydie* Heller's, clairvoyance is entirely out of- the rufi of quinary conjuring tricks. : Mr. HeUer'bkgan his' entertainment with a little pleasant obst about the tricks he was going to perform.. This, talk bristled over with the most , atrocious [ puns,. which by their very absurdity,-elicited ' shotits of laughter. With the exception": of. a,; shair or two and a couple of tables," "'and-one orAwo simple articles, he has no"apparatus.' crHe is: dressed in ordinary evening costume, and more' than any man of his profession'we ever saTf* .ex •copt, perhaps; Frichell, he .comes np" to* the oriental idea of a conjurer. His trioks are really tricks of ileightr^f-diand;arid ,.About everything he atteri»1n^ere u a rieatriessand a finish_which shohe' a'master' of- his art. His tricksto the uninitiated^^ifectly'inrompireherinhie^No description can nveAriyudrig appriismbiiig'to an adequate idea of the .deHriacy of his mariipulae tion. The fiist1 part 'of etiier: en'tertairiment. which consists ot what Mr.; Heller calif matic[corijuring," isq^te.Voridwrful, and alqn^ is worth the ohaige for adiniksiqri. - " Then-his ; performances' ;.ofthe ^moatJ iritrioats' -musical: studies on Erard'sgi^d pianhare exfribtd^iry efforts of brilliant and delicate iriariiipulaflon. We remember nothing like it in this -'coloriy! The third part, consisted of the clairvoyant per formances of -M iss Heller, which mris t remun'a mystery. The lady is blindfolded, and at once names any "article "which is j&ovig; ;toT"her.; brother, giving the most minute description of its shape, size, color, and other quaUtres. A bank note was at once indicated^mtEr'the num ber upon it, and a cheque with the Amount for which.it was drawn. In these oases anything like confederacy was out of the question.- With her hack to the audience and her face covered. Miss Heller named a variety; of articles touched byj^he^fcrotlief Us fast aa he could touch them, Wdhtitertainmeiit closed with a few_ simply tricks.; The performance as a whole is one of high mericj and needs only to be seen_ to he thoroughly appreciated. It moves on without a break, sustaining the unflagging interest of the spectators till the close. There are no un» comfortable pauses, which in other performance* sometimes try the temper and patience of an audience; .and the whele.is.over at a reasonable hour. " It is* impossible 'to "speak" too highly' of the .. entertainment, which is elegant, novel, marvellous, and amusing, and well deserves to .be patronised.-. ~We.-pre&ct-;,for.-Mr.r:Heller,and hia_ clever sister a continuance of the interest which his first performance so-largely excited. The same programme will be given every night this week. . „ ' The services in: connection with'the first anniversary of the Draper Memorial Church were commenced on Sunday, April 17, when three sermons were preached. In the morning the Kev. "Wm. Taylor conducted worship in the church, taking as his text the words of the apostle Paul—"I therefore, the prisoner of- the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called—EpheBians, iv.> L " The discourse was interesting andP in structive. -The Kev.. Mr.'oTaylor preached i& the "afternpo'mdn. theJTown Hall," whichwifc crowded, hundreds having to stand, unajfla^to obtain seats. The basis of his remark^'was 'the verses—"These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God: that ye may know- that ye have eternal lifand that ye'm'ay believe on the name of "the-Son of God, oAmd/thisis the confidence tbatCwe^have in Him; that1 if we'ask anything' according <to His will He heareth us"—1'John, v., 13-and 14; The Bubject,-"he remarked7_ef~hiff-"dis course ' was prayer. ' Prayer [meant de pendence: kndr. necessity ohi their part ; it meant faith ."ih-llHimL who had promised to supply all their aneed according, .to '.his.i riches in : glory :byl Christ Jesus; Prayer: implied contingency. If they askedianyihingaccording to.His will" It was' a sure thing. They knew that He hearethOthem.":;; The" contingency! or ground of doubt as to whether .lle" would answer did not rest with God at all; it rented with them. Prayer was.' a • heaven-ordained means of approach to the Almighty^. who before they asked, was. acquaints wjtkctKeJr wants and had a supply vvmch wasiikelan"in exhaustible river. The' effect of prayer! had more to do with them than with God. It brought them into a proper feeling to receive the divine blessing. It was the will of God that all Bhould be-Baved for He willed not the death of a sinner ; but He would save "none against themselves. The Almighty dealt with them as rational 'and inteflfgent-beings; The conditions upon which the sinner was pardoned were simple—in fact there was ;but a single condition, which was their havingfaith. Works wentfor nothing. On a sinner being pardoned he was justified, and justification meant merely acquittal—a judicial decision of acquittal. What was the act of faith by whioh salvation was obtained? . Hecouldgive them a definition in two words—"-receiying-Ghrisfc" God had given them eternal life, ahd that life was in: His son. " For as many : as . received Him to them gave He power to become ."the sons of God,". That was; the, way;to.get.th® blessing ; not on his showing; but Ton the show? ing of God. The act of faith: was just, as.simpto asa patient receiving :apbysiqian:.atfd,7pJaeiBg his case in his hands, haviagj faith in ims' cre dentials. After receiving; Christ, , the.i Spirit bore witness with their spirits, that they .were the children of God. Prayer for.themselves meant:npt workj but ^bmission;: whilst^on the contrary; .prayer for - others ;-meaiit,7Trorl& It was that process by which they were brought into, that relation in which they could 'be Used as workers together .with the-Foly Ghoit id." bringing about the con version of sinners; The evening service", which was'held! in tW" Church; was conducted by the Rev. Thomai James,. who' :preiched" an; admirable ! sermon upon:the words, " He .that believeth on the' Son hath everlasting-life; and He that believethf not the Son shall not see life, but.tfie' wrath :<rf God abideth on him;"—John iii, 36. Theeon gregations at:the Church .' were large;and » collection .wasmade, at the.close of each'set-' 