NEWS AND NOTES In another column will be found a report of the visit of the Minister of Lands to Ballarat yesterday. The body of the man who was drowned in the Yarrowee on Tuesday night has not been identified. An inquest was held yesterday, when a verdict of death i'rom drowning was returned, the jury recom mending that the creeks should be fenced in on each side, in order to prevent such accidents in the future. A boy, aged about fifteen years, named Lewis, was charged at the District Court on Thursday with hav ing assaulted a brother aged about twelve, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. Prom the evidence it appeared that some time ago the elder brother kicked the younger, and since that time the younger had become so ill that he had to be taken to the district hospital, where he now lies in a dangerous state. Mr Gaunt did not however think that the youthful prisoner had any felonious intent when he kicked his brother, and remanded him on his father's recognisance to bring him again before the court if the danger becomes more imminent. We believe the in jured boy is very ill, and that it is the intention of the authorities this day to take a deposition from him if he is no better. .Mrs Wood's art union distribution of prizes conti nues to be largely patronised throughout each day and evening. A young gentleman was the fortunate winner of the horse and chaise on Thursday after noon. We learn from the New Zealand papers just re ceived that the agent despatched from Melbourne by the Victoria Sugar Company to investigate the alleged | poisonous sugar case has satisfactorily ascertained that the poisonous matter was introduced into the sugar by the breakage of a quantity of cases containing patent carbolic acid sheep dipping composition, im- ( ported in the same steamer by Levin and Co. Mr Graham Berry has announced that he will ad dress the electors of Geelong West this evening in the i Town-hall, Gheringhap street, on which occasion the mayor has consented to occupy the chair. On Satur day evening the Treasurer will hold a second meeting I at the St. George hotel, Pakington street. The following is the programme of tlie music which will bo played this evening in the Sturt street music garden by the band of the 1st B.V.R.:—1. Grand march. 2. AValtz, " Mabel" (D. Godfrey). 3. Quick ; step. 4. "Ave Maria," melodie religieuse (Gounod). 5\. Quadrille, " Barbe Blue" (D. Godfrey). 6. Anthem from 122nd, "I was glad" (Chappel). 7. Glee, " Hail, Smiling Morn." 8. Galop. One of the passengers by the ill-fated Royal Stan dard who met a watery grave was Mrs Lawrence, wife of Mr Lawrence, recently of Blackwood. Mr and Mrs Lawrence had been for a trip to the old country, and were returning to Victoria, accompanied by Miss Nellie Lawrence, niece of Mr Lawrence. On Monday forenoon a Mr Anthony Lucardie went from his farm between Malmsbury and Daylesford, to the former town, for the purpose of procuring bags in which to place his wheat, which was in course of being threshed. During his absence one of the men employed in the yard was carelessly smoking, when one of the stacks ignited, the flames from which com municated to the surrounding grain. When the fire was at its height Lucardie returned, but his efforts, aided by those on the ground, were unavailing to stay the destruction. Iu a short time all the producc was consumed, which loss so preyed upon the mind of the unhappy proprietor that he attempted to strangle himself, but he was fortunately discovered and cut down. Though much the worse of this reckless at tempt at self-destruction, he has so far overcome its effects as to be in a fair way of recovery.—Another accident occurred by which a haystack, the property of Mr John Tyson, of Malmsbury, was set fire to. It is conjectured that the flames were the work of an incendiary, and they entirely destroyed the stack. A Geelong correspondent, referring to the very dubious chances of success attending the candidature of Mr Poole, says—" His friends began to cast about for another candidate, and at twelve o'clock on Thurs day pitched upon Mr Andrew Rutherford, formerly the representative of Polwarth and Grenville, but now living retired on the banks of Lake Connewarre. Mr Rutherford being a local man will doubtless command more votes than Mr Poole, of Melbourne; but I cannot see that he has the ghost of a chance of winning the election. He is a decent homely man, a good j udge of cattle and sheep, but certainly not a politician. Per haps this will be a recommendation, but I think it a Bhame to drag a quiet unassuming man from the bosom of his family just to cause a little money to be spent in the contest. However, he has consented to stand, as 'he does not like to see a walkover, and wants to give the electors of Geelong au opportunity of electing a M'Culloch liberal.'" Sir Blaney W. Walshe writes—" I most emphati cally deny having made any such report as that stated by Hardy and party in your to-day's (Thursday's) issue." A correspondent urging the claims of the widow of the miner Sullivan, rightly named Selby, lately killed in tho Winter's Freehold mine, upon the charitably disposed people of Ballarat, thus describes, her condition—"Mr Selby has left to his widow four children, aged six, four, three years, and ten months respectively, and am informed—to cap the climax ef this already overwhelming load of care and misery—that Sirs Selby is in the way of becoming a mother to yet a fifth child. Without a house of her own to shelter her infant orphans, without a friend in the world, liviug among strangers—so much so, that she spent the night of her husband's death with lier children alone, drinking of the cup of despair to the very dregs—the was indebted to the extent of over a score of pounds to poor but kindly disposed store keepers before the death of hei husband, he being in a delicate state of health, and frequently in want of employment. I have known Mrs Selby for about eighteen months to bo a quiet, steady, sober woman, remarkably anxious to pay her way." We are sure that the case will receive the consideration it demands over and above the temporary relief afforded by the Winter's Freehold Company. Tlio Collingwood Advertiser, speaking of tho retire ment o£ Mr L G. Reeves from, the Ministry, observes that "he carries with him the best wishes and un shaken confidence of tlic more thoughtful and rational of his constituents." And adds—"We are satisfied that the day is fast approaching when the electors of Collingwood will deeply grieve for the mistake they have made in putting aside an old, tried, and faithful representative for a stranger. The people of Colling wood have done many foolish things in their day and generation, and not the least foolish of their most foolish actions was the rejection of a Minister closely identified with their electorate." -It appears that the Argus mistakenly stated in a paragraph transferred to Thursday's Star, that Mr Hume, the explorer, died a few years since. Our contemporary says:—"We are informed that he is living in retirement at Yass, New South Wales, where we trust he will long continue to enjoy the retro spect of the valuable services he has rendered to his fellow-countrymen who are settled in this part of the world." We publish in another column some late intelli gence from New Zealand, from which it will be seen that a collision between Major Kemp, at the head of the Native contingent, and the Kingite natives, was regarded as imminent; that Te Kooti was reported to be within two miles of Tauranga; and that all the out- settlers were crowding into the town. In reference to Mr William Poole's address to the electors of West Geelong, on Wednesday, the Argus remarks:—We must, in justice to tliepossible candidate for Geelong West, admit that his address to the elec tors at Ashby betrayed a latent distrust in the efficacy of Old-hatism as a political force, and showed that he is wiser in his generation than those who prompted him to advertise himself as open to an eligible offer,— " Suing to bo sought, and wooing to be won." Perhaps he discerns signs of a return to independence of feeling and action on the part of constituencies generally, and on that of West Geelong in particular, and perceives that this might prove very detrimental to his prospects of success in the district to which, lio has been consigned by his sponsors in Melbourne. And therefore he discreetly assures the electors that if they prefer a local candidate, he will be no obstacle to the freedom of their choice. Judging from the moderate amount of interest manifested in this coy gentleman by the electors of West Geelong, and from the fact that out of three hundred persons assembled to hear what he had to say for himself not more than eighty could be cot to hold un their hands in favor of a mildly-worded resolution proposed on his behalf, we should think Mr Poole's avowal of his preference for a quiet life over entering upon a contested election at this particular moment was dictated by a sagacious calculation of his slender chances of success. And upon whomsoever the choice of the electors may fall, they are to be congratulated upon their disinclination to accept a nominee o£ the Old Hat party. Between eight and nine o'clock on Thursday morn ing a sad accident occurred at the claim of the Rothsay Company, Scarsdale. The pitman, Mr Wil liam Roberts, had been working at the clack-door at the bottom of the shaft, a depth of 250 feeb, and bugles were being used to lower the pumps. Unfor tunately, however, about seven feet from the surface, a nut came off one of the bugles and dropped to the bottom, striking Roberts on the front of the head, and inflicting a severe scalp wound. It appears that the Bkull is not broken, but there was a good deal of hemorrhage from the wound, and the sufferer's nervous system was much affected. Had the skull sustained the full force of the nut in its descent, it could hardly have escaped being shattered; but it seems that Roberts was in a stooping position at the time of the accident, and that the nut inflicted tho wound by grazing the head and passing on. Dr Jordan is in attendance upon the Bufferer, who is a married man with a family. Mrs Harriette Dodd, mother of Fannie White, well known as the late keeper of the Bush Inn, Ballarat East, applied last week to have the license of the Prince Alfred hotel, Grenville street, transferred into her name. Mr Gaunt would not decide upon the question himself, but held the decision over to be given by a bench of magistrates properly summoned under the act. The result has been, that objections as to the character of the applicant brought forward by the police have caused the refusal of the transfer. A very handsome marble tablet to the memory of the late Mrs Philip Russell, of Carngham, was un veiled on Saturday last in the Presbyterian Church in that locality. The ornamental design is a wreath of laurels, after the Koman style of expressing triumph. The inscription contains an appropriate tribute to the exemplary character of the departed lady, whose death was so widely and deeply lamented, and whose memory will long be affectionately cherished in the district for her kindness and liberality. In the report of the Land Board held at Clunes on 20th January, the name of Mr Price, the mayor of Clunes, was by mistake included among those com posing the board, Mr Price having been unavoidably absent. Ey a telegram received from our local corres pondent late last evening, we learn that Mr Price has resigned the office of mayor. His Honor Judge Cope stated during the hearing of the case Gleeson v Mills for trespass, at the Creswick County Court, that, in his opinion, no person could, according to the 42nd section of tha Land Act, legally hold licenses for more than 20 acres. At a recent meeting of the committee of the Carag ham Widows' and Orphans' Fund, held for the pur pose of winding-up the monetary affairs of the public fete on Boxing-day in aid of the object, it was ascer tained that there would be about £96 to add to the fund. We have been requested to notify to the public that the hours at the District Court for issuing summonses have been fixed at from 10 till 3.30 on all days except Saturdays, when the office closes at 11.30. A case of illegal detention of property, in which plaintiff sought to recover goods to the value of £5 Os Od purchased by defendant for a very small amount, in consequence of his children having been sent out by his wife to raise funds for drinkicg purposes, cams before the District Court on Thursday. The defen dant admitted having bought the goods, but pre tended that the purchase had been made from pure motives of charity. Mr Gaunt, however, ordered their restitution, stating that no person in a matter of the kind had a right to consider any man's wife an agent for him, as the law did not take any such view. Such a practice, indulged in by storekeepers, was one that resulted in the making of many thieves. The annual meeting of governors and subscribers to theBallaratDistrict Hospital will be held in the lecture room of the Mechanics' Institute this evening. As every subscriber of £1 Is has a right to vote in the elections, the attendance of all is requested, as the businsss is likely to be rather important. 