THE . Daily: Telegraph mentions that at Flemington on i:urdnay last. "Strop and Mii Wilkins with their clothes on cantered for about a ;mile." Is it because Miss Wilkins is in the habit of riding Godiva fashion that our contemporary thinks it worth recording that she did not on this occasion appear in a state of nndity ? TUE Dean of Melbourne has denounced the A irjss for having maule the "usually quiet streets of Melbourne a scandal and a disgrace" by issuming an Extraordinary on Sunday. AH is wrath would not probably have been so greathad the extras been 'confined to the streets, but it was more than flesh or blood could stand to pi each for half-an-hour to sinners who were all the time reading war news. , iA StARtT young lawyer's clerk, hbaring it stated by a lecturer that "man is merely a machine." remarked to a friend i " Then I should suppose an attorney is a suing nmachine.' I TORiES OF THE V ESrT OF ,OItINWAL=- The; Erpcaa JaltMut in; noticing Mr. Bottrell's look on this subject. says :-Even in this last half-of the nineteenth century Cornwall is as mi?ich a terra incaynita, to average Englishmen as the1 :esrein Highlands ,of Scotland. or the Hebrides. Tourists aid excursionists know much nmore of France, Belgium, anid Germany than Ithey do of manuy Old-world pllces in our own is. liand, uiotwithstaunding the fact that the latter are 'xrclaeologicndly and historically more interesting than the cities, towns, and villages on the well worn high-way of Continental travel Thescenes of 'the legends Mr. Bottrell has collected and giaven to the world are situated west of Penzance, the last town usually marked in the railway map of Cornwall. ¶lhis, district was 'till the present century so secluded that to most persons liv. ing in other 'parts 'of Cornwall it was utterly unknoown, and to but few kunown only by name. SFew, exeept those birn before Bonaparte filled the country with dread of an invasiou can-says the author-form an idea of the singular seclu. sion in whichl the ,inhabitants of 'Vest Penwyn lived. A urinmitive people, without any very rich or very lpoir among them, knowing and caring nothing of the world beyond, and hearing little of thei -"news" which interested the dwellers in more accessible reiouns, they amused their leis. ire nii their long nights of winter with the relation of, strange weiint tales and stories of giauts, ghosts, snd fairies-his satanic majesty. whom they familiarly termedl the Old One, coming in for his share of adventure, and generally com. ing off worst. These legends were commonly re latedl by senti-professional drolls, or. story tellers, whose occupation has gradually gone out with the spread of education and the penny newspaper. Iit a few years they would have been utterly lost'; and as many of them are exceedingly curious and entertaining, 'Mr. Bottrell has done well to pre serve them in their present shape. Told as nearly as may be. in the language of- the drolls themselves, they lpresent' a' curious picture of village life in 'many phases, aid,' as such, will be read.with intereet by. all who ,care to catch. glimpseof the manners of that industrious, frugal, and in many respects remarlkable race, the Cor. ah Oe1ts,, 