MB. G. V. SMITH'S LECTURE. Or all men who have taken a prominent place in history, perhaps not one has bad i so much obloquy cast upon him as that j great ruler — perhaps the greatest rnler | England ever had — Oliver Cromwell. And now, after his memory hits been reviled by so many people, about a hun dredth part of whom know anything about him, and that not much : after his portrait has been refuse! a place in the c illeries of Westminster Hall, because, forsooth, he was a plebeian and a l usurper ; after the 15 Man of | Chelsea " has defended him in i his own quaint and vigorous fashion — | there comes this crowning indignity — | the hon. G. Y. Smith, member of Parliament for Beech worth, and ex- Postinastcr G-eiieral. disapproves of him- It is really very hard on Cromwell — very 1 Ev:n in Hades one can fancy that the ghost of the great Protector wiii shudder at the fiery denunciations of this gen tleman. lie was so utterly bad. wo are told — an 1 whatever may be sai 1 to his credit we are not tol I — and there are one or two little matte. '= to be said on that side, if time and space aliiowcl. Perhaps ihev mar be said some day. In the meantime, while believing that Mr Smith's be tore was one- sided, we can honestly compliment him on the consider -hie ability which lie showed. He said that ho had read almost c-verv published life of Cromwell, and as lie very truly added, that is saying " no little/ But is Mr Smith quite sure that he did not read some of the-e books — Carltlx's " letters and Speeches of Cromwell;' for instanco — with a foregone conclusion '? Is ho quite sure that in his love and admiration for Sir H. Vans, Elliott, and others, he has not been doing a great injustice to the man he so strongly condemns '? He Called him liar, perjurer, hypocrite, and so on ; but big or strong words do not alter facts. Mr Smith is rather fond of big words — the big things we have not yet seen him do. We find, on referring to our files, that on January 2nd, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, lie. from the balcony of the Commercial Hotel, in formed the Beeehworth people in particu lar, and mankind in general, thai he be lieved in — but wc will give his own words: Having stated that if the Legislative Council, small - in numbers and in significant in intelligence," insisted on pursuing the course which it had adopted, it must be done away with. He added (we quote from our own report, which lias never been challenged) : — " It was a very fearful thing to do, but there were two single Chambers that had done more for human freedom and advance ment than all the double chambers that had ever existed : I meau that Chamber whose sword was drawn at Edgehill and sheathed at Naseby, and another whose sword at Saratoga struck down the sceptre-sword of England." The " very fearful thing " of which Mr Smith spoke — was, to use his own language as reported — thus: "If I found it neces sary to go outside the Constitution to carry the will of the people uumistake- ab'.y expressed, I 'would set aside the Upper House." And the speaker- of these words rebukes Cromwell for not holding strictly by Constitutional law ! Ceomwell's memory has suffered much, but it is a little too bad that with all his faults, and be had plenty, a Mr G. Y. Smith should pretend to sit upon liim. f 