OUR PARLIAMENTS. " "Where the carcnse is, there will the eagles he gathered, together," is unfortunately only too applicable to Queensland. The political kitesaro already hoveringaround the ministerial baits, over which they aro Happing tboir wings in groedy anticipation of the fruits of oflico. Queensland's greatest enemies have been hor Statesmen, sho owes all her difficulties to her Parliaments. England, said tho mighty Coke, will never bo ruined or saved except through tho means of a Parliament — a dictum repeated by Joint Bright in our times, and as true now as it was two hundred years ago. Whatever the shortcomings of the Ministry of Grent Britain for tho timo boing, there is always a strong conviction in the breast of every Englishman thnt wrong cannot be long persisted in, nnd that her Parliament will rec tify impotent or dishonest legislation. Have we any such hope here ? and what is our Parliament? when we apply tho tost of "By your fruits I shall , know ye." After years of purposoless turmoil and party strife, wo seem to have arrived at that epoch in politics which marks either the dissolution or the re construction of , a. State. There is no ques tion whntover as to the low legislative calibre and collective worthleBsnoss of our rulers in general; unfortunately the national energy has from a variety of causes become so im paired, that it has failed to produce the right men, who are either not in the land, or from unavoidable circumstances kept in the hack ground. Politics is a science not learned in a' day, and all our legislators, withoujyme single exception, are mere apprentice -Iiaiids, with no master over them, and left to learn their trade through their mistakes, as a b ashman the right road by having so often taken tho wrong one. There seems to he little excite ment, or indeed curiosity, ns-to the successors , of the late ministry, as.it is thoroughly well known that with one or two exceptions. one incapable is only supplanted by another. Tho Parliament is a chaos, out of, which some may hope that by means of rearrangement a better government maybe formed, but we fear the necessary impulse is wainting, and will not be found within its walls. It is com pletely moribund, though if let alone, it will not give , up the ghost, bub will , continue to drive on in the old way until it perishes of inanition ; bo patient are the public that the Parliament might bo allowed to drag along until the effluxion of time extinguished it; if in the meanwhile things would go on quietly, bat time and tide wait for no man, and we have already reached a point beyond which things will «o< go, except on forced or altered conditions. With a debt far too heavy for our enfeebled powers, and with a revenue failing us at our very sources, and with a fourth of our population clamouring for Separation, it- would require a Govern-, mont, backed by a Parliament strong in the opinion and confidence of the people, and capable of initiating a policy comprehensive enough to save us, and as wo possess none at present, we will have either to stand still, or find ways or means to create it. Were it not that our difficulties are financial, we know that we should have to wait long enough for such a combination, but the al ternative of greatly increased taxation is still about to move even colonial apathy. It is no use to increase the rates upon our present stock articles, for being somewhat in tho na ture of luxuries, they would not draw in pro portion, and to double the ad valorem duties as is done in Canada, would twist the necks of the strongest importing houses in Bris bane. XJnder these circumstances we are not at all suprised to learn that an independent party is now springing up in Brisbane com posed of men who have hitherto sacrificed politics to their businesses, but who at length begin to find out that in the last resort the latter are dependent upon the former. Ex perience has proved that it is uselesB to look for extensive , knowledge or enlarged views from Brisbane merchants if their proceodingB in tho Chamber of Commerce are to be re garded as a fair criterion of their powers, for there tliey havo done little else than concoct unworkable Insolvency Acts from their own point of view, and because they can't work Bills of Sale themselves, propose to abolish them, even though in doing so, they should strangle the rising industries of the colony, such as sugar and cotton growing. This in grained selfishness may, however, if thoroughly | aroused, bear good fruit for tho public. If tho leading men of buBinoss are really con vinced that tho puppots they have set up are in truth mere "leather and prunella," it will be an easy task to sweep thenynto the dust bin. The Parliament . 'is composed of such flimsy materials that it will vanish at a touch, and a now one got together under such auspices may fairly bo oxpoctod to prefer re trenchment to that increased taxation, which so unmistakeably looms upon' our political hori zon. If our Brisbane friends aro nob able to find a man with the abilitios of tho great ro former of expenditure, tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer, the Right Hon.. Robebt Lowe, who wields the sword of. retrenchment with such sweeping effect amongst tho useless offi cials at home, thoy may not despair of finding a man at least equally destituto of compas sion in reducing the Civil List to something like a reasonable figure. They may go in for a loan, for railway extension has evidently taken hold of tho public down South, hut they will take vory good caro that their loan is not posted at tho Stock Exchange, and their private credit thereby imperilled in. England. There is thus good liopo that not withstanding tho temporary collapse of our northern politicians, we may from amongst tho dangerous nettles which surround our friends, be happily enabled to pluck the flower safety— -Separation. 