GOVERNESSES. The most frequent complaint of the ladies who give prominence to their grievances, and of the gentlemen who advocate their chums, turns on the fact that educated gentlewomen have hardly auv other profession than that of teach ing. And, notwithstanding the small encroach ments made by the one sex upon the professions of the other, the advertisement columns of the daily papers attest the general truth of the assertion. To judge by these, every other lady from the age of eighteen to forty is consumed by a burning zeal to instruct children and young ladies. Where there is such an ample announce ment of educational materials, one naturally supposes that there has been a corresponding preparation in working them up for use. One naturally loves to ponder on the hard and deep study by which the female youth of England is qualifying itself to indoctrinate the female youth of a coming generation with the elements of polite and useful knowledge. One fancies in one's own mind the pale and elegant female stu dent retiring to her school- room and her books ; storing her mind with the contents of innumer able authors, now enriching it with historical knowledge, and now strengthening it with philo sophical lore. One fancies her varying the labour of domestic study by occasional visits to the lecture-room, and confirming the lessons of her books by thej instructions of living oracles. While a pleasant admiration of female industry and intelligence thus warms his mind, the com placent father of young daughters decides on engaging a governess. The opportunities of doing so are innumerable. Either private nego tiation or an official agency supplies them in abundance. Distrust of his own discernment, or of his ability to bow oat any young lady who seems resolutely bent on educating his children, induces him to try the agency. He there sees a ladylike and businesslike person, who asks his requirements and promises to meet them. The next day his door resounds with the successive knocks of competing and self-confident young women. In they walk, of all heights, breadths, and dresses. First, a flaunting chit, with a cock's feather in her hat and a defiant glance in her eye. pronounces herself at once equal to the whole course of an English education. Her only weak point, according to her own ac count, is her ignorance of English, of which she appears to have read nothing since she left school. To compensate for this defect she has a valuable acquaintance with French, which, with collateral acquirements, she has picked up in the cheaper boarding-hoaBes of Pans and Tours. Then she has learned singing under Madame Squallini, and the piano under M.TVappefort together with a self-possession of manner which rather dismays Paterfamilias. Fortunately the knocks at the door come to his rescue, and the entrance of another apostle of education pots an end to an interview which was beginning to be oppres sive. The new visitor is quite a contrast to her predecessor. She is easy, composed, somewhat reserved, and very patronising. She takes her ?eat with something like a resigned air, as if she knew she was intended for better things. She lets her interrogator know At once— by manner rather than by words— that she is a person of I eminently genteel antecedents ; that her mother 1 Isveryfasttdioui, and her m-de a swell. But MrfielwiJainly implies that teaching is aeon- ! riwwnoton on her part, «he is finally bowed out *g& a promise that the 'sbaUhear again.' Then eaten a young-looking thing, with gaiety , ! and vulgarity struggling Cor mastery in every gesture, feature, and attitude. When she does not laugh, she giggles. Every answer is half a giggle. She looks upon the whole proceeding, ou her own profession and everything conuectec with it, as a joke. Cui she teach? 'Oh yes: aud she laughs. Ba*» she taught before 1 ' Oh yes !' aud she laughs again. Has she taught much ! ' Oh no ; uot much !' aud here she laughs. What has she taught i ' Oh, French and English.' Here another giggle. What French T 'Oh, the grammar.'1^ Anything more % ' Oh yes. La Fontaine's Fables.' Any thing else % ' No !' and here she necessarily giggles. What English! ' Oh, Mangnall, Mrs ifarkham, and Blair's Sermons, and the Spec tator.' Is she strong in arithmetic! 'Oh no!' and here she fairly explodes, as if the mere sug gestion of knowing arithmetic well was really too good a joke. Is she au fait at history ? Could she set questions on the leading events of English history ! ' With a book, yes ; but without a book, she fears, not. But she will try.' On this she goes off into a fit of hila rity. Finally she retires, as she probably ex pected, without being engaged. The lady who is finally selected obtains the preference rather for her negative than her positive qualifications. She is not learned, nor clever, but neither is she bold, hoydenish or offensive. After the work of instruction has continued for a month, the father proceeds to inquire into its conduct aud results. He then finds that the ignorance of the teacher is something incredible ; that she can teach by rote, or with her books at hand ; but that every question put by an intel ligent child as to the why aud wherefore of rules given, or the meaning of terms used, is met by professions of iguorauceor equivocatiugevasions. In many cases this is not the worst. The mind of the governess is often as vacant as that of the pupil, while it is a good ideal less active and in quiring. Moreover, it has been dulled into list less jess by the pressure of poverty, dependence, and routine. It has, therefore, been forced to take refuge in the excitement of small gossip and petty scandals ; and the influence of such associations is felt in the daily conversations between pupil and teacher. Sometimes it is found that the governess has been amusing her pupil with anecdotes of her servant's ignorance or misconduct ; at other times, ghost stories and other appeals to the superstitious sentiment are the subjects of her communications. And it is not seldom a matter of congratulation that she has atleast forborne froni enlightening the child's mind on matters of love-making and elopement. A more frequent and innocent topic of selfcom placent exposition is the prosperity of former days, the state in which her father lived, the servants and horses which he kept, and the friends whom he entertained. Between the abundance of talk and the dearth of instruction, the child grows up without knowledge of any one of the subjects on which a lady ought to have some information, and iucapable of talking rationally on anything except dress, dancing, and perhaps niuKic. She grows up also familiar with silly gossip, low notions, narrow views, and vulgar prejudices. To this miserable pretence of education we owe that annual crop of pretty and full-blown dolls, with bright eyes and com plexions, buxom figures and rich dresses, who talk slang with fast men, frighten all reasonable men, and finally marry grooms, spendthrifts, or lousish habitues of the Stock Exchange. We are speaking here of the average run of the governesses who train the children of mid dle-class parents, aud who are known only through the medium of agencies and advertise ments. These ladies have no qualification, because they have had no education, for the duties which they profess to undertake. In deed we believe that the managers of the more respectable agencies are sometimes startled by the naive repudiation of all knowledge of then profession on the part of the young ladies who seek pupils. Their ideal is just as low as their attained standard of qualification. It is not unusual, we believe, for one of these candidates to premise her application somewhat in this way : — ' Oh, Mrs Blank, I have not been out bofore, and I don't wish papa to know that I am looking for a situation ; but I want to earn a little pocket-money, and I should not mind taking a pupil or two for a couple of hours in the day. It is unnecessary to say that no respectable agency office would recommend a candidate of this kind. _ But probably they do manage to obtain situations, and it is easv to foretell the results to any child who is brought into daily contact with a teacher who combines pretension with prevarication. Even some of the better samples of the second order of governesses are not above despising the work which they undertake, and descend to the sub terfuge of concealing their occupation from their intimate friends. We believe it sometimes happens that young ladies, spoilt by this false shame and scorn of an honest occupation, meet and commence an acquaintance at Bath, Brighton, or Cheltenham, under the mutual [elusion that each has an independent fortune. The acquaintance ripens into intimacy, with the lope of being afterwards continued in London. They do meet in London, but it is at a fashion able school agency, and each is revealed to the other as depending on her own exertions for her daily bread. From that moment mutual respect vanishes. Each hates the other for a simulation of which both are guilty ; and each despises the other for being of the same profession as herself. What can young girls be expected to turn out, after having been trained by teachers such as these ! Yet the average course of middle-class education is conducted under such auspices. And such the teachers will continue to be until teaching is forbidden as a profession to all ladies who cannot produce some authori tative certificate of aptitude and preparation.— Saturday Review. Poppy Farms in Asia Minor.— According to Mr Heffler, of Smyrna, the culture of opium in Asia Minor is attended with some risk. The soil in which the poppy plant is grown, must be moist but not too wet Three crops are sown during the year, so that if one should fail the others may have a chance of success. In favor able seasons the three crops are gathered one after the other. When the seed capsule reaches maturity, the gatherers make horizontal and ver tical incisions in the outer portion of the capsule, taking great care not to penetrate to the seeds. The wounded capsules are then left until the following morning, when the cuts are found to be covered with a milky juice that exudes from them, and which the gatherer scrapes off with a cnife and then wipes the knife on a leaf. When he accumulates enough of the poppy juice on the leaf to make a balLhe rolls it up and leaves it to dry in the sun. These balls or cakes are bought by travelling merchants who convey the cakes in sealed bags to Constantinople, Smyrna, and other places, where the cakes are examined, tested, and sorted by the city merchants engaged in the trade. It requires long experience and great skill to be a good judge of opium. The risks of opium cultivation depend for the most part on the weather. Too much rain or damp is injurious to the growth of the plant, and should a shower of rainfall, between the making of the incisions in the seed capsule, and the gathering of the juice, the whole crop will be destroyed. Holujwav'* OnrtMKNT ARD PiLLg.— Many per nu neglect to take the commonest prooutiotM againrt illnw, whereby they an exposed to future ?offering or proUMe danger. Coldi, emufaa, and opprewm aftfe oh«rt afaoaU be remofefwithout delay by rubbing tail cooling, derivative ungsent I twioeadmy upon thtikin coveting the chert, «nd I it» aaaatory action dnaU be augmented by the use ! of HoUow»y'a Fflb a* propounded in their aeeom 1 puring direotiona. The tune meua diligently earned oat will nlieve influenza, asthma, ihortaera of bmrtfa, palpitation, and almost every other pec toral complaint 