A ROAD OF DEATH. A correspondent of the Pastoral Times of the 5th instant, gives the following terrible account of the new Government road between the Lach- lan and the Darling - "About two years since Mr. Surveyor McCormack surveyed a line of road through the bush from the river Darling, at Wilcannia, to Mount Monaro. It is a long straight line, cleared through the scrub, with mile-posts to mark tho distances, and is much nearer than the old road round by Teryawaynea Lake, but is mostly through rotton or sandy ground, and is destitute of water, and therofore not used by those who are aware of its danger, but woe to the poor wretch of a traveller, who to save dragging his weary limbs over a much longer distance, and in hopes that late rains have left some little water in spots on this seventy-two miles of Government gazetted road, attempts to walk through it. His doom is sealed -he is a lost man who thus ventures into this Government death trap. Often during these last three years has it come to my knowledge that the remains of some poor unfortunate had been found between the Lachlan and the Darling, evidently having perished for want of water; in one instance a whole family perished (Dr Robert- son and family), and how many are there who wander off the tracks in the vain hope of find ing a little water to quench their burning thirst, and who die in the greatest agony in places where their bones may rot for years with out being discovered? Last week our Senior constable (Moesch) had to bury the remains of one who had died for want of water, about thirty miles along this Government death road, and yesterday he had to start off to perform the same sad duty to another who perished in the same way, with his dogs, on the same death line of road. Senior constable Johnston has recently buried another, and but for the timely assist- ance of Constable Arthur and Mr James Beck, last week, another would have shared the same fate, and on Thursday last, at midnight, a dis- tracted man makes the river and implores assistance for his wife and child, whom he had been obliged to leave with his dray, dying for the want of water, about seventeen miles from the river, on the death truck. He had been told there was water on the road or he would not have taken it. It was with the greatest difficulty they were rescued. These facts I know of as having occurred within this last week or so, but God only knows how many have perished in the same way these lasts few years, and who might have been now alive had the sum voted for providing water along this most important road from the Darling been judiciously expended. All that I can learn has been done, ia that a few holes have been bored to try for water near existing wells between the Lachlan and Monaro, and even that, I believe, is now stopped, whilst no attempt has been made to provide or store water on the worst portion of tho road-that from Monaro to tim Darling. Surely the New South Wales Go- vernment through their neglect, are responsible for the death of these unfortunates, if not actually their murderers; and it is quite time that our hon. member, Mr Phelps, took some steps towards having the money immediately expended in securing water along the line, and for which purpose it was voted; it may also be as well to move for a return of all those found dead along the road from the Lachlan to the Darling since the money was voted. It would be obtained from the police department, and the number would no doubt be sufficient to furnish a ghost to haunt each guilty member of this procrastinating Government. "Since writing the above, another unfortu- nate man has crawled into the river, and sent on word to our police that his mate had knocked up about thirty miles back on the death truck, and would soon die for want of water if assist- ance was not immediately sent him. Senior constable Moesch had only just returned from burying the second corpse, both himself and horse quite knockod up from the heat of the weather, but he lost no time in dispatching assistance, and I am happy to state they arrived in time to save the poor fellow's life and bring him on to the river-a few hours later and it would have been too late, and another life would have been sacrificed in this death trap." Another correspondent says -"People tra velling from Mount Monaro to Wilcannia should bo cautioned not to take tho seventy miles track recently surveyed by Mr Surveyor O. McCormack, and branching off to the right a short distance on the Wilcannia side of Mount Monaro, as there is not a drop of water on the road. A family and a traveller were saved by the Wilcannia police from perishing for want of water, and brought into Wilcannia. Two dead bodies havo also been found on tho same line of road, having evidently perished for want of water." 