TOPICS OF THE DAY A concert will be given this evening in White's Rooms, as a complimentary benefit to Mr. S. Edwards. The Rev. Mr. Hurst, President of the Wesleyan Conference, will deliver his official sermon to the Conference, in Pirie-street Wes leyan Chapel, this evening. In our account published in Monday's issue, of the Onkaparinga gold-fields, we re ferred to Mr. Townsend's claim at the junction of a small creek and the river, not far from the Wheatsheaf. We have since heard that the washdirt is proving very rich in gold, judging by a few dishfuls that have been tried. On Monday, as Mr. Edwards, of the Reedbeds, was proceeding homeward in a cart he was unfortunately thrown from it, by which means his leg was broken above the ankle and the ankle itself dislocated. Dr. Todman was immediately sent for and attended the patient, who is upwards of 60 years of age. It will be seen by an advertisement in our business columns that the Fibre Works on Lefevre's Peninsula, are in the market, the present proprietor requiring more means to carry on the enterprise. The machinery is said to be in good working order, and this is a favorable opportunity for some spirited capi talist to invest in a. new and promising in dustry. Mr. Thos. F. Loutit informs us that on the 24th inst., he purchased an ounce of gold from a digger, who stated that he had hammered it out of a piece of stone the size of his fist that he found on the surface of a hill in the neighborhood of the Mount Pleasant Dig gings. The gold is rough, one piece of it weigh ing 1½ dwt. It is very unlike the South Rhine specimens, and is evidently from white quartz. On Tuesday evening Weston & Hussey's Minstrels repeated their entertainments at the Theatre Royal with continued success. The touching story of Tobias and Biancus was as much enjoyed as ever; the Golden Shoe Dance again called forth vociferous applause, and the various vocal and instrumental performances j were received with hearty plaudits. The amusing farce of " The Ghost in the Pawn broker's Shop " was greatly relished, and con cluded the programme at a rational hour. Some amusement was excited on ! 'Change on Tuesday by an election gathering, improvised by the irrepressible Watty Thom son, who meeting Dr. Spicer on the "Flags," put him through, or endeavored to put him through, a severe catechetical examination, to the great delight of a somewhat mixed au dience, who, attracted by the energy of Mr. Thomson's manner, collected on the spot. What effect these somewhat informal proceed ings will have upon the election in general, or Mr. Thomson's vote in particular, we are not in a position to state. The following is the register of the rainfall from 9 a.m. on the 24th to the same hour on the 25th, posted up at the Telegraph Office on Tuesday:— Adelaide ... 0.015 ] Strathalbyn ... 0.088 Gawler ... 0.410 ] Willunga ... 0.030 Auburn ... 0.400 ] Normanville ... 0.065 Wallaroo ... 0.729 ] Robe Town ... 2.060 Clare ... 0.240 ] Mount Gambier 3.250 Burra ... 0.320 ] Penola 2.120 Melrose ... 0.430 ] Narracoorte ... 0.320 PortAugusta...0.190] Portland (Vic.) 3.340 Mount Barker 0.180] Cape Otway ... 0.940 We learn that on Monday a telegram was received at the Land Office stating that a valuable mineral discovery had been made on Yorke's Peninsula, and asking for protection ! or pre-emption while search was being made for : the spot, which had not been sufficiently noted. Almost immediately afterwards another tele gram was received naming the locality. We understand an area of 960 acres has been taken up, and rumor speaks in a sanguine manner as to the new discovery being an embryo Moonta. It is, we hear, situated about four or five miles from the celebrated Moonta property. Within the last few days specimens of a new process of reproducing oil color paintings termed Oleographs have beep exhibited at the rooms of the South Australian Society of Aits. They are exceedingly beautiful copies of paint ings by celebrated Italian masters, and are well worth a visit The six exhibited are-No. 1, " First Devotions," by F. Buzzi; No. 2, " Ugo and Parasina," by K. Guiliano; No. 3, "Visit to the Tomb of Romeo and Juliet," by T. Cre mora; No. 4, "Adieu to Mother," by R. Miches; No. 5, "Faust and Margaritta," by F. Guiliano; No. C, " First Lesson in Riding," by F. Buzzi. They are confided to the Society for exhibition by Mr. B. S. Wigg, of Rundle-street In our advertising columns will be found an advertisement announcing the closing of the Exhibition of the Society of Arts on Thursday next. His Excellency has consented to preside at the presentation of prizes to artists, which being followed by the distribu tion of prizes to subscribers, will no doubt prove a very interesting meeting. Some valuable additions have been made to the exhibition within these few days. The exhibi tion, through being held at the Town Hall Buildings, has been rendered more accessible to the public than usual, and has, in consequence, been more numerously attended, but the cost to the Society has been much increased by the change. In anticipation of increased support the Society has incurred a large extra expendi ture, and we regret to learn that the number of subscribers has not, as yet, been commensurate with the additional cost incurred, and we cordially trust that all chose who wish to encourage art in the colony will lose no time in communicating with the Hon. Secretary, tickets being obtainable until within a few houre of U?e Art Union drawing. Erratum. —In a paragraph appearing in Tuesday's Advertiser respecting the crushing by the Victorian Gold Quartz and Cement Crushing Company at Barossa, the 70 ounces mentioned as the total yield from 700 tons of stuff should have been stated 700 ounces. 