EXECUTION OP ARCHIBALD. (From the Fockhampton Bulletin, December 23.1 At eight o'clock yesterday morning, tho last sentence of the law was carried out on Alexander Archibald, in Rockhampton gaol. About a quarter before eigiit, the orison bell' began to toll, and tho mournful procession moved from the condomned cell to tho en- closuro.. where the scaffold stood. A consider able numbor of persons — about one hundred — had assembled to witness tho execution. Tho condomned man walked into the onclosuro firmly and calmly, his eyes wandering ovor tho familiar faces gathered round tho scaffold. Thero was a look of resignation on his features freo from bravado, and his demeanour through out was that of one who submitted calmly to his fate, and was prepared to accept it with fortitude and Christian resignation. The Rev. Mr. Carson walked beside tho prisoner, reading tho funeral scrvico. Behind came tho Rov. Mr. Jonkyn and the Rev. Mr. Hartley, and the gaol officials. Archibald was dressed in a dark tweed suit, Crimean shirt, and no necktio or collar, and wore a pair of prison shoes. Ho looked but little worn down by his long confinement and the mental anxiety ho must have suffered. He carried a bunch of flowers in his right hand. Under the scaffold lay his coffin. Arrived at the foot of tho scaffold, tho concluding prayers of tho funeral scrvico wore recited ; Archibald and tho officiating clergyman remaining standing according . to the usage of the Presbyterian Church, to which ho claimed to belong. Archibald's eyes, during tho recital of tho service, wandered restlessly over the faces of the crowd, and ho seemed to pay but little attention to tho words of the clergyman. Tho condemned man thon knelt down with the attendant clergyman, and delivered a long extempore prayer. During the delivery, a constant knocking at the outer gate was followed by tho measured tread of the Volun teers through tho corridor of tho entrance, and about sixteen members of tho force onterod tho enclosure under tho commnnd of sergeant Herley, and drew up at tho left hand side of the scaffold, tho orders being given in a loud voice, and tho necessary manoeuvres beiug executed with a seeming indifference to tho solemn scene being enacted at tho foot of tho scaffold — tho rattling of arms falling dis cordantly on the last words of prayer from the dying man. The police, undor tho com mand of sub-inspector Elliott, wero drawn up on the right of tho scaffold. Archibald prayed in a clear piercing voice, and all who beard him wero sensibly affected. Ho said, " 0 Lord God ! I thank you who has permitted mo to live for twenty-eight years — tho greator portion of which I havo spent in- sin nnd misery — and I thank Thee that Thou hast given mo a fow weeks for ropontance — to read Thy blessed word, and for Thy worship. 0 Lord, Thou has shown Thyself to me a God of help, of strength, and of comfort. I care as little 'for that coffin before mo as my bed. 1 thank Thee, 0 Lord, for the discharge you havo given mo ; and I hope that it may strike terror throughout the world. I have boon led blindfolded (? pinioned) to tho gallows ; 0 God look down and pity me. I thank Thee for my clearance from tlioso dreadful irons this morning ; I give myself up to Thee as a living sacrifice, and pray that I may bo made wholly acceptable UnTheo. Hear my prayer, 0 Lord ! God bless my wife nnd'childron — direct and protect them ; 0 God, bless them. 1 pray for my enemies, if I havo any, and for those who may have committed .perjury and may have given falso ovidcnco against mo, if they did. I ask pardon for them ; I do not cut-so them — any of them — I bless them in my .heart ; and I repont deeply for all that I havo dono, and I trust that they will bo as freely forgiven as I forgive them. 0 Lord, I thank Thee I havo not an enemy to face ; oh, I hope to see all my old friends and rolations in heaven. An old friend of mine was shown by mo the other day tho likeness of my Saviour, and in a few minutes I shall see my Saviour in reality. 0 God, havo mercy on me, for ray Saviour Christ's sake. Amen, Amen." The last amen was dwelt upon with great fervency and appnrcnt. feeling. The Rev. Mr. Jonkyn thon offered up a brief and earnest prayor. Tho Rev. Mr. Hartley also offered up a prayer. During this time tho hangmati was standing undor the fatal beam, and silently waiting his victim. Archibald having completed his prayer, expressed a dusiro to placo the flowers ho held in his hand in his coffin. His request was complied with, and ho walked over from tho foot of tho drop to the further end, undor the drop whero tho coffin lay. The lid was lifted up by ono of the gaol officers, and with his pinioned arms Archibald placed tho flowers whero his head was so soon to lie. Ho appeared pleased that his wish in this respect was complied with, and walked back firmly to tho foot of tho steps. He mounted thorn with a steady tread, preceded by the Rev. Mr. Carson, and attended by tho two other ministers, and the gaol officials. As ho went up he said — "Thanks be to God I am climbing to Heaven." On reaching tho platform he was placed beneath tho beam by the executioner, and tho rope was quickly adjusted round his neck. Before the cap was drawn over his cyo's Archibald advanced to tho front rail of tho platform and said — " Doar frionds, I wish to say a few kind words to you before my departuro from this wicked world. I hope my end will be a dreadful warning not only to you who hear me, but to tho whole world. I will say nothing about my trial. I bless my country- raon who found mo guilty, and tho judgo also, and bless his soul, and God abide with him, and long may ho live to administer justice and mercy. I trust that thoso who havo com mitted wilful perjury against mo, if they have done so, that the Lord will forgive thorn. I have prayed for them late aud earl', and I want to show you that thero is a groat deal of difference between mo and a man who has animal courage for to commit a murder. A man who has animal courage would bo ablo to walk up and meet his doom ; but I want to show that tho strength I havo is got from above — from tho Almighty. It was not. from any outward boast that any blackguard might rnako that I died gamo ; God forgivo me and savo mo from having a boast bciug made by any blackguard that I died like a man, or died like a cur. I thank God it is better than that, and I bolievo I meet my death as a Christian. I trust that you will all meet mo in heaven. I am an uneducated man, and in a very painful position. I cannot address you in fine language — only in such as I. havo got. J trust what I say will bo accepted by the whole of you. I trust that all of you, and young men particularly, will keep awny from drink, bad company, nnd racehorses. I trust that a few old friends that I soe amongst thoso around me will give up those things, and may become better men. God bless you all I pray for you all, and my last word is that God may mako you better, and that when your tirno comes you will die with a smile on your lips as I can. I wish you a morry Christmas and a happy Now Year. I feel" that I am going to have mine with the Saviour in joy. Farewell ! farewell !" The cap was thon drawn over his faco, and he was placed beneath the beam. Ho then said "All right, good-bye, father," addressing a man named Davis in the crowd, whom ho was accustomed to call by tho name of father ; and turning his head aside, said, "I want to say good-byo to Mr. Hartley." He thon shook hands with Mr. Hartley and Mr. Jonkyn. Tho Rov. Mr. Carson then pruyod — "Into thy merciful hands, 0 Lord ! we commend tho soul of thy servant now about to bo severed from tho body. Receive him, we humbly beseech thee, 0 God ! into tho arms of thy mercy. Let not his faith waver nor his hope fail. Let him die in peace — rest in hope — and rise in glory." Then taking Archibald by tho hand, ho said : — " Doar Brothor, — God, the Father, who hath created thco ; God, the Son, who hath rodeemcd thee ; God, tho Holy Ghost, who hath infused His graco into thee — bo now and ever more thy defenco — -assist theo in this thy last trial, and bring theo to everlasting life ! Amen !" His left hand was tightly clonched. After the prayer, ho shook hands with Mr. Carson, and stood silent a moment. In a voice full of omotion, ho thon said, "Tho Lord havo mercy on mo and, addressing the crowd, ho said " Let mo hear you say ono word for mo — let mo hoar you say "Tho Lord havo mercy on my poor soul." From out tho crowd there came one unanimous and solemn response, and as the words, "Tho Lord havo mercy on your soul," fell on his ear, ho said, in a hopeful voice " Thanks be to the Great God — now I dio happy." Ho thon began anothor prayor — " Oh 1 let your hearts bo in heaven. Oh ! merciful God 1 Thou who art willing to receive — ; — ." At this moment the bolt was drawn, and the soul of Alexander Archibald was launched into eternity. Ho appeared to suffer no pain, death being almost instantaneous. There was no contraction of the lower limbs, and the body after swaying about from left to right for a few seconds, rested with tho faco to the wall. Archibald's guilty life was over, and tho last of Hal I igan's murderers had gone to his account. Tho body after hanging for half an hour was thon cut down ; the fnce, on being uncovered, appoaring calm and peaceful — one of tho eyes was closed, tho other partially opened. The tongue protruded slightly from the mouth. The body was then placed in the coffin, and the post mortem examination was held by Dr. Salmond, assisted by Drs. Thon and M'Neoly. Tho sudden drawing of the bolt seemed to have surprised Archibald, and when he felt the drop going down ho drow himself up with a startled movement. The irons were first placed upon the prisoner nine weeks ago .yesterday. After being sontenced, fears wore entertained for soyeral days that ho contemplated starving himself to doath. But it subsequently an. poured that thoso fearB wore groundless. Archi bald told Mr. Hartley that ho had no such intou. tion,butthat tho sontenco produced sodeep and depressing an effect on him as to deprive him of all appetite. Seven weeks ago Archi bald was unable to road. Ho had learnt the beneficial effects of tho religious ministrations offered by tho gentlemen attending Palmer and Williams, and ho was induced to listen more willingly to their oxhortations. Since thon he tried hard to learn to road, nnd was enabled at the last to read a ohaptor in tho Bible. During the first wcoks of his confine ment ho appeared to shrink with horror from the sight of tho gallows during his hours of oxerciso in tho prison yard. Ho afterwards became reconciled to tho sight, and within tho last fow days seemed to long for tho last hour to come. Of late his wife had visited him overy day, nnd prayed with him. Ho seemed anxious that she should join her prayers with his. It is needless to romark that sho met his desire in this respect. Mr. Carson altonded him during Tuesday forenoon, and his wifo visited him early in the nficrnoon. Sho left him about half-past four o'clock for tho last time on earth. Tho parting between them was very affecting. Shortly after, Mr. Jenkyn and Mr. Hartley woro in attendance. Thoy left about half-past six o'clock, and Mr. Carson remained wijh him for about another hour. Mr. Hartloy and Mr. Jonkyn returned about ten o'clock, and remained in tho condomned coll until about ono o'clock in the morning. Archibald oxprossed a desiro to romaiu up nil night, but was persuaded to take son" - IIo slept until about half-past four o'clock, and Messrs. Hartley and Jenkyn wero again with him at five o'clock, from which tiino until about a quarter-past soven they read and prayed with him, and sang tho well-known hymn — "Thero is a land of pure delight," when tho Rev. Mr. Carson arrived, and was engaged with him until the irons were knocked off'. During this operation, Archibald appeared quito resigned to his fate. He ex pressed himself as very grateful to all tho gaol officials, especially to Mr. Donnelly, for tho kindness shown him during his confinement. Tho body was removed for inlerniont to tho cemetery yesterday forenoon. Tho funeral was numerously attended, tho ministers, who liadattonded liimhi his last moments officiating on the occasion. Alexander Archibald was a native of Forfarshire, in Scotland, from whence ho camo in 1 So I to New Zealand when he was ten years of age ; moved al'teratimo to Castloinaino, then to G'ipps Land, then to Melbourne and Beeohworth, and next to Tlinle station on the Murray, in New South Wales ; then to Bendigo, whero ho got married in 1862 ; moved to Dunedin, in New Zealand, in 1803, and came to Rockhampton in March, 1861-. AYo understand that Archibald told n person here, falsoly as it scums, that ho was in South Australia before he camo to Rock hampton, and that lie came up hero becauso whilst a youngster ho had committed an assault on a policeman on a racecourso in South Australia, and lied to avoid tlio"'con- scquoncos. Since ho arrived hero ho has boon engaged in horse dealing, and at every race meeting hero ho was a prominent and noisy figure. About the end of last year ho took tho Lion Creek Hotel, and it was there that tho plan was matured which resulted in ITalligan's murder — and Lis own death on the gallows. Tho Fockhampton Full din of the follow- day has the' following : — Mr. Jenkyn stales that on two occa. Archibald told him ho did intend to i himself. Mr. Hartley admits the corro After being ironed ho resolved to starve « self, and abstained from food for somo t days. Tho doctor was informed of this, fiom tho conversation which followed befw him and tho gaol authorities, in Archibal hearing, ho concluded that forco would l used to mako him tako food. IIo, in no n-" sequence, abandoned the determination, and ho ato his meals regularly until tho day of his execution. Ho told Mr. Jenkyn twice that ho would do anything then to put an end to him- self, but subsequently that if ho had sixteen razors ho would, do himself no harm. -The Rov. Mr. Hartley has received the fol lowing communication from Dunedin in re. ference to tho late John Williams, who suf fered with Palmer for his share in tho murder —In conversation with Williams, Mr. Hartley had often tried to obtain somo clue to his antecedents, with a view to touching on any point that might aid him in producing a good effect on A\ ilhams's mind. On one occasion, when ho so strongly asserted his innocenco and declared that thero novor had been a scratch of a pen against his name that could bring lum into a police court, Mr. Hartley asked lnm if he could give him tho namos of any persons who had known him, and could tes ily to his good character. Thon ho fur nished the name of Mr. Muir, and the follow ing communication is in reply to a letter ad- dressed to lnm by Mr. Hartloy :— « Dunedin Hartl'o R 18G9' Tb0 bert Haitley, Rockhampton, Queensland. Rev me'T. T(n?t0 ,f tb 27tb nltim has taken T lr ww i surP1,!se— that my friend T d b lyin nnc'er sentence mnl 1S- n m t'c't sad ,10ws incloec. tho moie especially as I do not believe him to bo capable of doing such an action. You will see by the accompanying testimonial in what wa.s hold by us. I could have got tin ee other signatures to it, but they are all scattered to different places. Trusting that this may be of use to the poor follow, I remain PSV-Wouldr "''I10"?, SOV"t' James Muir! i r l 1 . yu kindly communicate to ma ns nnd if tho extreme penalty of tho law has been carried out, what state of mincl he was m J.M. —"Dunedin, Otago, Now Zea land, November 23rd, 1809. We, the under! signed, have much pleasure in testifying to tho excellent character borne by John William? in l861Wl !!m aSa,I"i"01' Gabriel's Gully,' in 1861 ; he wrought as a wages man for Mr James Morrison there, and a kinder-hearted" good disposed man it was raroly our fortune to meet. He was steady, obh'giL 'and civil We are very sorry to hear of his u„fortuna e position, and trust that this certificate m bo tho means of at least saving his life Javps Li vds \v — T mavT 'S tb ' Leslie'A< un till 186 7 I , r se that I knew him Hni v 1 I t 8lSht 01 him in the Hokitika rush, James Mcir. Signed and declared before me this twenty-third day of ar PmC 'hl> lny of Km Zm. lllipips 