Tun BxmniTloif BUILDING.-Araonst tho campet tora who tcniloredfortho construction of .the Exhlbitlc building in Hyde Park waa Mr. Fiold,- whoso offer wi tho second lowest, namely, for £21,078. By somo noe dont, however, tho tender was mislaid, aad was ni j taken into consideration. RAILWAY EXTENSION. -The Select Committeo of tl Assembly appointed on Mr. Macleay'* motion met c Tuesday. Mr. J. H. Thomas waa examined. At tl sitting of yestorday, Mr. Ashdown, accountant of tl Railway Department, and afr. R. Moody, traf! manager, Orcat Southern and Western Railway, woi suinutonod to submit theinsolvos to oxauiitation. EXTKNHIVK Ronmsnf.-A case ia in course of invest gation at the Caatral Police Court, in which Itt iMacintosh, ironmonger, of l'itt-atreet, charges h colter, his storeman, and an auctioneer named Jafelmai with stealing from him goods to tlio amount of £10 There has boen about tbreo hundred weight of ironmo; gory recovored by tho exertions of detectives Powe »nd Lyons, which has been identified by Mr. Mncintos as bia property. Tho prisoners will bo brought bef 01 the Bouub thiu morning. TüMrEn.vNCR HALI..-Tho Now South "Wales Allian< for tho Suppression of Intempérance hold their wookl meeting in tho abovo haU Inst ovoning. Mr. A. I Armstrong in tho chair. Tho following spoakei nddaosaed tho mooting : -Messrs. Draco, tho captain c tho missionary ship John Williams, Walker, nuu Kno: Mr. Sinolnir gavo a rooitation, and Messrs. Mountcastl and Davis sung various songs during tho ovoning Thoro wore about 159 persons present. Bononoii OP THE GLEBE.- Tho polling took placo o Monday, tho 7th instant. Mr. John Reilly waa eleote aldorman for tho Outor Globo ward, and Mr. Willioi Munro aldorman for tho Bishopthorpe ward. Mi Edmund T. Blaoket was elootod aldorman for tb Inner Globo ward, on the day of nomination withou opposition, and Mcssra. J. B. Young, and A. H. C Macafeo, wore olocted auditors on tho same day, alu without opposition. TEM rmi ANCE.-On Tuosday ovoning a publie mcetin was hold at tho Botany Beau School-rooms, in connel tion with tho Harmony (Sous) and Virtuo (Daughtori Divisions of Tomporanoo. Tho room was douse! crowilod. Aldorman J. Murphy, J.P., in tho chair ExcoUont áddrossos whoro delivered by tho Bov. Mi Barnier, Messrs. J. Piokoring, lt. M'Cory, Jarman, an Solby. A voto of tbankB to tho Chairman brought th mooting to a oloso, with tho audience singing th ;National Anthom. SCULLERS' BACE ron £50.-Tho match mado 01 Saturday last, between E. Triokott and P. Coulon caine olf yestorday afternoon ovor tho course on th Parramatta River, and resulted in a viotory fo Coulon. Tho steamer Cobra, with somo 200 spectator« witnessed tho moo. At tho timo of starting it trans pirod that Trickott's boat had racoivod somo injury and a delay was consequently ocoasionod boforo th boat was ropairod sufficiently to be enablo it to float Tho two mon got off on ovon torms, and Trickett «ooi took tho load and appeared to maintain it withou much difficulty. Tho hotting hoing thon 5 to 1 in hi favour; the contestants had pulled nearly1 two mile of tho courso, when Trickott, who was still leading b; threo lengths, gave up and allowed his opponont to rov tho romaindor of tho raco unopposed. Triokott wn tokon on board tho Cobra, and was evidently «mol exhausted. Tho stakes woro handed over to tho winno last night. Fniticr. OF WALKS OPF.n.x. Hourn -Horr Bondman! has boon giving a fina representation of " Hamlet ' sinco Saturday, to largo and appreciative audiences Great paius had ho takou to get up this play with uu usual attractions, sovorul scones being introduced tim have not hoon givon by any of tho artists who hav< hitherto undortakon tho pourfcrayal of Slmkospore'i chef d'ecuvrc. HorrBandmann's reading was.a'maator {deco of elocution; his voice is sonorous and olear, ant lia aotion splendid. Ho was repeatedly applauded, ant callod sovoral timos boforo tho curtain to roooivo tin usual tokon of tho pcoplo's satisfaction. Mr. Hoskin: playod tho Ghost with his invariable caro, and Mis: Kate Corcoran'a Opholiawos a charming representation Mrs. Jones playod tho Queen, and Mr. Holloway tin King ; Mr. Goorgo Leopold taking tho part of Horatio and Mr. Andrews that of tho Gravedigsor. A fine: representation tham that given of tho play of Hamlet upon thin occasion, was, certainly novar soon in Sydney It will bo ropoatod during tho week." ST. VINCENT'S HoariTAL BALL.- Thero has been ne institution in Sydney projectod and carried out witl greater vigour and onorgy than tho St. Vincent's New Hospital. The originators suggested tho oxcollcnt plni of constructing a building that should comfortably accommodate a number of sick and homeless pationts ; and at tho outsat thoy resolved tho institution shouli bo thoroughly unseotarian that all should bi admitted who roquirod modicol treatment ant sholtor, no matter to what orcotl, denomination, or soot thoy bolongod. Tho subscriptions TO tho fund, from tin moinont lists woro opened; woro numerous anil liberal and tho comniitteo appointed by the subscribers tc carry out tho work, woro so aotivo in thoir oxortions that although yesterday only twelve months hat clapsod. shico the _ foundation stono of th< building was laid, it has already advanced tc its prcsont stato of completeness. Tho hospita is built upon a most excellent design. It: front represents threo gothic gables, at n consider able distanco apart, projooting from tho main building, and conncctod by spacious verandahs, to which en trancos aro had from tho wards, and it has two large entronóos, and twonty fine windows of plato glass. Tho intorior of tho building will accommodate about eighty patients. Thero aro two largo rooms of ont hundred foot in length each, ono over tho other, anil . numhor of smaller rooms off them. The ball, lust ovoning, was givon in aid of tho fuude for tho completion of tho building-that is to any for tho completion of tho out offices ; for the main building is completed, and it is oxpooted will bo roady for tho rooention of pationts in tho carly part of April. No doubt tho funds will bo lorgoly augmented by th« ball, for no- less than four hundred tickots woro issued. Most of those who purchased tickots were prcsont. Tho secretarios, Messrs. E. Holling dalo and K. W. Goggin, woro tho masters of coromonics, tho former lutrin g charge of tho lowor room, and tho latter tho upper, for both waro mado roady for tho dnnoors, and wore handsomely decorated by Mr. Wnlkcr with tho lings of nil nations tastefully draped on tho wall, evergreens, and z.uncos. Tho company began to arrivo at 9 o'clock, and immediately tho oxcoUont Gorman band that was in nttondanco struok up a livoly air, and tlio ball was opened by his Worship tho Mayor and Mrs. Bonny. The arrangements for enjoymotmt woro in ovory way complete. Card rooms woro prepared and drawing rooms elegantly furnished, at which those who wore fatigued with dancing, or who had BmaR talk to do, might enjoy a most comfortable tctc-a-letc; dressing rooms, for both ladies and gentlcraon, wero attended by tho most polite and obliging; tcrvitors; and tho refreshments, which wero reedy during tho wbolo night-for thero was no regular suppor-were prepared with tho utmost caro by M. Compagnoni, and combined ovory luxury that high art could suggest. Tho ball was in ovory respect highly successful, and it is admitted to have hoon tho host entertainment af tho sort that has been givon for many a day. SALH or YOUNO BLOOD STOCK.-WO learn that during tho past week Mr. Alexander Bowman, of Oak- lands, sold tho yearling colt The Jew, by Spartan, dam Lady Julia, to Slr. Thomas Sullivan, Sydnoy, for tho sum of eighty guineas. Mr. Bowman exhibited this colt nt tho last Singleton show, and obtained for him tho prir.o as tho best yearling blood colt. This ..is palpable ovidonco of tho advantages which may bo gained by stockowners in exhibiting their animals at agricultural shows. If this colt hud not boon exhibited at tho lato show (when ho was much admired), it is possiblo that his owner would not havo got moro than perhaps ono-half tho sum which ho has now aucoocdod to obtain for tins promising colt.-Singleton Corres- pondent Maitland Mercury. To PiiEPAitB RABMT on OrrosuM SKtm -Lay tho skin on a smooth board, tho fur sido undermost, mid taok lt in ovory direction, with tinned tacks. Dissolve two ounces of alum in a pint of wnrm wator, mid with a sponge dipped in this solution moisten tho surface all over ; repeat this ovory now and then for throo days ; whou tho Bkin ÍB quite dry, tako out tho tacks, and rol Ung it up looBoly tho long way, tho hair inside, draw it quiokly backwards and forwards through a largo smooth ring, or anything of asimilar kintl, until it is quito soft, tlton roll it tho contrary way of tho skin and ropoat tho oporation. Skins proparod thus aro usof ul for many domostlo purposes. OuniNa PoftK.-Sourvy will novor arise from tho uso of salt provisions unloss saltpotro bo usod in tho curing ; Bait alono nnswors all purposes, provided all tho animal boat bo ontiroly parted boforo salting. Tho insortion of pork in plcklo »dona is not sullioient, but it should bo rabbod thoroughly with dry salt after it has ontiroly }iortod from ita animal hoot, and thou tho fluid running ' rom tho moat ahoultl he poured off before packing tho moat in tho barrol. This should bo dona sufficiently oloao to admit no unnecessary quantity of air : and somo dry snit should occupy tho space botweon tho pieces ; and thou pioklo, not water, Bhould bo added. Groat caro must bo taken to All tho barrel ontiroly full, so that no portion, pf tho moat can ot an tima projoot abovo tho surface of tho fluid ; for if this occur a chango of flavour ensues such as is known as " rusty " pork. Tho pioklo of courso must bo a saturated solu- tion of aalt and water, so strong that it is capable of dissolving no moro aalt. It must bo remembered that cold water is oapablo of dissolving moro salt thou liet j water. , 