County Jamity. BY THE AUTHOR OF "A PERFECT TREASURE." Tto exclusive right of publishing " A. County Family" in 'Australia has been purchased by the Proprietors of the Adelaide jO&iewr.; . CHAPTER XXIX. MRS. BLACKBURN SEES A GHOST. Th® winter was over and gone, and still the great Blackburn vault remained without ±he prey for which, in all men's eyes, it seemed to have yawned so long. The Squire was yet alive ; and even, as the wise doctors said, who had come again from town to visit him,better--at all events less restless _and "discomposed. They had recommended change of air-removal to some convenient . distance; and it was in contemplation, when the days grew warmer, to transport the Invalid to that sheltered cottage on the Curlew of which we have already spoken. Sphere was no more chance of, hia recovery £han of Fisherman Richard, who had built Ihe^ place, coming back to claim his own again. But there was so far an improve ment in the. sick man's state, that it was now wholly passive; there were no more yearning glances, dnmb appeals. He had never suffered bodily pain, and now his mind seemed still and quiet as his limKc None but his wife and son, and Stanhope, guessed the cause. Even Ellen, seeing his eyes often fixed upon the pedigree (which aad been transferred from the old place to his chamber-wall), believed that it was that which so contented him. He saw the seasons change in the great mirror-the snow dissolve, the green appear; the awakening life of bud and branch-but without pain or pleasure. He watched the fainiKm- faces about his bed with the same listless look as lie gazed on the motes in the sunbeams. Heaven only knows what he thought. We who live and move can scarcely picture how looks the world to those who only have their A>eing in it. The outside folk-his friends and neigh bours-did not speculate upon that matter, fcut counted him for dead already, except ihat they did not call upon the family with kind enquiries." Even to those about in'm St sometimes seemed so. The prayers vhicli I Ellen never omitted to read to nim3 night and morning, fell on deaf ears, and might have been the service for the dead. William; though he well fcnew lie was not ihe heir, began to exercise the lights of heirship, and rode and strode about his father's lands as though they were his own; and whether he rode or strode, a " beggar on horseback" was what the people callcd him. Mere power, such as is neither influence nor authority, was veiy sweet to him, as it is to all brutal natures; and he misused it solely. And yet it angered him to know that he was hated. He was jealous of the respectful I salutations with which Ellen was welcomed ! J)y the meanest hind as she passed by; although all the village, and the poorest most of all, had cause to like her, as he knew, and more or less had cause to cfrslike him. He was jealous of the kindliness with which Stanhope was universally regirded, notwith standing that the young Squire of Curlew Hall had not the means to " do his duty by the land," that is, by those who lived by it. He was jealous of the cheery looks which Mr. Waller, always chatty, always gay, inspired. He was jealous, even though his rival in her affections was in the grave, with respect to Lucy; and had had the meanness, on some pretence to get dismissed a gardener whom lie; had overheard talking to her about /'young Squire Richard as was dead and gone." He hated the county generally, partly because his presence in the kunting iield had not been received with enthusiasm fcy the other red-coats, and partly because he had not been made a Magistrate. The Blackburns had always been put upon the Bench as soon as they were of legal age, and iiis father had had that responsibility conferred upon ln'm directly lie had succeeded to his inheritance. Why, then, was he left out in the cold? The cabal against him, it seemed, had not been confined to his own home. It was curious how this denial of the mere j insignia of respectability - since for the Ibing itself he cared nothing-rankled in his anind. In reality, only there is nothing so unreasonable as intense selfishness, William Blackburn had had eveiy opportunity of " getting on" in the neighbourhood afforded. him. Country-folk are the last to judge men of their own class upon their own merits, or he would have had small chance indeed; scores of welcoming hands had been held out to him, but in return he had only shown the cloven foot. His behaviour to his parents, and especially to Lucy, was resented; and besides, notwithstanding the shortness of liis sojourn at Redcombe, he had openly, mor.e .t'han once, shocked a by no means fastidious public opinion. As to the Magis tracy, Stanhope, though the Lord-Lieutenant was personally known to him, had declined point-blank to move in the matter, and had even expressed himself to be, "under the circumstances, astonished at such a request." Mr. Waller (who would himself perhaps have found a difficulty in getting J.P tacked io his name, had not M.P. been there already) had recommended patience, and hinted that there would be a better chance of such promotion when he had formed some matrimonial connection with a county family; at which William's brow darkened visibly, j for reasons best known to himself. He had ] received a letter on the very morning on ! which that remark was made, and had it then in his pocket, which, besides its intrinsically unpleasant nature, reminded him bitterly enough of how far off was that consummation of his hopes-his marriage with Lucy Waller. This communication ran as follows: " MYDEARMR. BLACKBURN-I daresay you will scarcely remember this handwriting; and yet it comes from one who is a sort of kin to you [here Mr. William winced and swore a great oath]. Some men might take it ill that you never wrote a line to tell me of my poor niece's death; but it is likely enough, not being an habitual correspondent ©f yours truly, you did not know my address, which indeed is generally pretty changeable, as at present. If I had chanced to see the notice in the Times, I should certainly have come, no matter what dis- I tanee, to pay my last tribute of respect to ! your late wife's memory [here Mr. William j expressed incredulity in the strongest lan- | guage]. However, as business is bringing I me northward shortly, I will do myself the i pleasure of just looking in at Blackburn ! Manor. It was only quite by chance, and ! within the last day or two, I heard of your luck. What a pity it is poor Bess never lived to see it! Richardson also joins with me in felicitations [never did "felicitated" man wear so incongruous a look as William Blackburn wore as he read that word] upon your position and prospects. Still, you must not forget old friends.-Yours very sincerely, JOHN DEAN." This unwelcome letter was no doubt inten tionally unfurnished with an address, so that Mr. William Blackburn was unable to indulge himself in what would have been an immense relief under the circumstances, the sending an appropriate reply by return of post. "He wants money, this impudent scoundrel," ejaculated William. "He and Richardson, they think to put the screw on on account of that confounded Chester business. But not one penny of hush-money do they get out of me. I had rather they told-the whole story than not indeed, for it would set me free of this fellow Stanhope; lie would have no hold upon me then, except that-curse him!-he has got that will in keeping. He took it to Curlew Hall that very day, I know he did. Yes, I must not j fcreak with/mra-just yet-whatever happens. But why does this fellow prate so much about Bess? He uses her as a stalking torse, of course. He dared not showhis face here but for that. And yet it is clear he suspects nothing. If he only knew-why this ^man would be a stone about my neck for all my days. I must see hiT, I suppose, since I cannot prevent his coming. But I will not give him a shilling, not a sixpence-? let him do his worst. I believe if he told all, that Waller is so deeply dipped, that it would make no difference now as regards Lujy. But what is her father's consent, or even hers, to me" (and William Blackburn ground his teeth), "while there is that woman at Formosa!" It was in vain for him to recapitulate what an out-of-the-way place Formosa was, and all the arguments he had so often used! with himself against the probability of Bess turning up'to trouble hT The very . thought of the risk lie should incur, if. he married while she was alive, brought the perspiration out upon his forehead. It may be judged whether this was. a j propitious morning for Mr. Waller to to the young Squire that an eligible matri monial connection was the only thing to set himself iight with the county and the Lord Lieutenant. Another annoyance chanced to arise that day from the same source, although of a very different and quite unsubstantial kind ; but then annoyances are often irksome in inverse proportion to their substance. Just as he had contrived to put that letter of Uncle Dean, with tlie bitter recollections it evoked, out of his mind, his mother, of all people in the world, must needs awaken them again. She had driven out with Lucy to "lie Fishery," to give certain final directions there for the reception of the family, and had come back, to use her own expression, "much upset by which she meant, not that she Jiad been frequently thrown out of the carriage, but was seriously indisposed. _ Perhaps, as Lucy suggested to Ellen, the idea of leaving Redcombe under such sad circmstances, since it was out of all human probability that her husband would be brought back thither-save to the churchyard-had overcome her; she had bome up wonderfully all day, however, until on their road home, when she had given way in a rather unexpected, and apparently un called for manner in Redmoor fir-grove "Just where it is so steep, you know, that one always gets out and walks; your grand mother and 1 were walking, and she bade me go on at my own pace, since waiting for her made her nervous; and although loath to leave her, I did so; but finding she did not appear witliin a reasonable time, and since the coachman feared that the horses, being heated would catch cold waiting too long on the brow of the hill, I went back to give Mrs. Blackburn my arm to help her up the steep. I found her leaning against a tree, not out of breath, but very pale and trembling, and she said something had given her a turn." "Ah, then I know what it was, Lucy," interrupted Ellen sadly; " I can guess why tliat particular place should affect poor dear grandmother : it was in that very fir-grove, as she once told me, that she and grand father had a last interview with his mother. He was but a few weeks married, then a young and handsome bridegroom; and I daresay the sudden recollection of liim as he then was, involuntarily contrasted itself in her mind with his present woful condition." "I think that must have been it," assented Lucy, '' for she said something, I could not quite understand, about a- warning and your poor grandfather. I am sure it is a miracle to me that Mrs. Blackburn gives way so seldom, considering her trials." Indeed, the stout old lady, notwithstand ing that tenderness of heart which evinced itself in such culpable weakness with respect to her son, was by no means easily cast down, but went about her household duties bravely, and nursed the sick man in true wifely fashion night and day, the only one about him who in her heart of hearts had had even until now some hope of him yet. She was one of those who have faith in the doctor while he prophesies smooth things, but when he shakes his head, who comfort themselves with a " Well, well, science is often mistaken, and after all we are in God's hands;" as though we had not been there before. But all that evening good Mrs. Blackburn kept sorrowful silence, and more than once considerably embarrassed Mr. Waller by bursting into tears. To weep in public was, in that gentleman's eves, an unpardonable solecism ("Good Heavens." whispered he to Stanhope on the second occasion of this ebullition, " are we in the Forest of Bondy?"), an impulse which, if generally indulged in, would make the ordinary transactions of life impossible: the idea of some meeting of ruined shareholders instead of stigmatising one as a scoundrel (against which one might bear up), dissolving into tears! As to Mi-. William, full of his own personal troubles, he doubtless wondered what the old woman liad got to cry aboat; but sympathy did not prompt him so far as to make enquiry. He had got his greatcoat on, and bis cigar in his mouth, about to visit the Blackburn Arms as usual after dinner, when his mother beckoned him into the deserted dining-room. "O Willy," said she, " I have been waiting to speak to you all the evening, but could not get you alone. I have had such a shock to-day as you cannot imagine? and I am only thankful that it did not happen to you." " Shock; well, I'm not easily shoeked, and I daresay I could have stood it," re turned William gruffly. '1 Wliat's happened now?" "A very dreadful thing, Willy. I have had a message from the grave. I have seen a ghost." "Oh, I say; come now. You must have a talk with Mr. A1 lease when he comes to visit the governor to-morrow. These sort of fancies-for ±'ve heard him say so- are all stomach." "But this was not fanoy, William, I am very sure. Now, do you sit down and listen." " Bnt I want a cigar, mother; and Bill Dykes and Harry Willing have got a match on to-night at four corners." "Never mind them. William," returned Mrs. Blackburn gravely; "and have your cigar here if you please. If you had seen what I have seen this day, you would be in no humour for games or smoking." " I will just light up, however, in the meantime,'' said Mr. William contemptuously, for he had drunk his fill, and was by no means in a condition favourable to super stitious fears. " Now, then, I'm all atten tion; fire away." "I daresay you have heard, Willy," began his mother slowly, with her hand upon his knee, "of that old legend about the Blackburn folk, that before they die they have each a warning of their end sent from the other world, that the last dead Black burn returns to tell the doomed one of his race that his time has come to depart also." " I have heard some twaddle of the kind," said William carelessly, "they say in the village that young Richard's dead mother was seen in the park the night before her son popped off the hooks so suddenly; but it's all rubbish of course. And indeed she did not happen to be a Blackburn at all." | "That is no matter, Willy; she was a Blackburn by marriage, if not by bloocL Your grandmother walked on the terrace the night before her wicked husband breathed his last. It is always the last dead that gives the warning." Mr. William, lying back in his arm-chair at ease, expelled his tobacco-smoke in rings, an accomplishment of which he was un reasonably proud, and enquired scornfully: "Well, what then? Have you seen this young gentleman to-day?" and he pointed to the picture of his cousin Richard that hung above the mantelpiece. ] " No, Willy; but I have seen your wife poor Bess." William Blackburn bounded from his chair with a fearful oath. "Don't swear, Willy-don't swear, for heaven's sake; you don't know liow soon you may be called to answer for such words. What I saw was a warning for one of your race; but who shall say for whom? At first, of course, I only thought of your poor father. He is the likeliest to go, dear soul, and the fittest for it. Ah, if you could biit see him lying day and night, night and day, patient and gentle-faced as the stone angel over the church door! I know by his look that he has forgiven me for meddling with his papers, though, indeed, it was very wrong of me to do so; and I do think, if you were to go and see him once again, Willy" "Never you mind me and father. You tell me what you saw, mother; tell me everything." He had sat down again now, i and had hidden his eyes behind his hand, bat his features worked beneath , it rest lessly. '? I V . ? ' i "I knew it would move you, my dear boy-I knew it-would touch you; and ,j[ hope it will work for good.. I know you. ace not wicked, as some believe, but only a little wild and thoughtless. Yet, O remem "ber, that it is not always the old and ailing . that are taken first, but oftentimes the young and strong. Think, if rtiia should be a jrarning sent to you, my darling-to you, instead of" "Will you tell me what you saw?" broke in her son with savage impatience. " That first, and what you think of it afterwards. What, in the Fiend's name, did you see, mother?" For a moment, the poor lady's speech was chocked by sobs. For the first time, perhaps, it was borne home to her that son of hers had indeed a heart of stone; but he muttered something by way of an apology for bis tone and temper: he had been put out, he said, by an infernal business letter that morning. And her hand once more rested on his knee as she resumed her stoiy. "We were walking-Lucy and I-up the short-cut through Redmoor fir-grove, while the carriage went up the road. I had sent Lucy on before, because t like to go my own pace, and not feel hurried; and presently she had left me far behind, and 1 was quite alone. It was the very place where fifty years ago, Willy, your father and 1 met Russell Blackburn's wife for the last time, and the thoughts of old times crowded in upon me, so that I stopped and lingered more than I needed to do, though the way was steep. "You had your mind, then, full of the past, and death, and such like?" observed William, with interest. " No doubt, Willy ; and I may have also even thought of Bess herself, as I certainly did of you, dear boy. But if I did, I thought of her less than any. Then presently, in the silence of the grove-for you know there was not a breath of wind to day-I heard steps behind me. I was not surprised, for the path is used by all folks on foot coming from Mosedale to Redcom.be, nor in the least degree agitated or alarmed. As the steps grew nearer, I moved to one sidejof the path, in order to let the person pass me, for whoever it was, slie was a faster walker than I." "But how did you know it was a woman ?" " Because I heard her dress brnsli against tlie trees.'5 "She was so close as tliat. was slie?" enquired William hoarsely. "She was at one time, but not when I looked round. I walked on and on, expecting every instant that she would pass me ; but finding that the footsteps ceased, I turned about to see why she had stopped. -' " Well, and what then?" "Then I saw that it was Bess. It was growing dusk, but I am certain that it was she, and no other. She was a deal older, and more white and wan-looking than when I saw her last; but, as sure as it is my voice you hear, Willy, it was your dead wife." "Did you speak to her?" As William put this question, he shot through his fingers an eager glance at his mother's face : it was a careworn and wrinkled one enough, but as honest and open as the smoothest; he need not have been afraid of any conceal ment there. "Speak to her? No, indeed, Willy. I was much too sheared. My limbs seemed to give way, and I sank down trembling all of a heap against a tree-trunk. Indeed, for a moment, I shut my eyes for fear, yet not so long that if it had been anything but a ghost, it could never have got out of sight ; and yet, when I looked again, Willy, there was nothing there." " No; and there never was anything there, mother," said William, forcing a laugh, " you may take your oath of that." " I tell you, Willy," answered Mrs. Black burn solemnly, " I am not more cei- tain that I see you now than that I saw Bess to-day. Moreover, she saw me, for which, indeed, without doubt, she had been sent. O Willy, Willy, I cannot keep the terrible thought out of my mind that it was about you she came. It seems so strange else that she should have looked so wan and sorrowful about I your father. Oh, repent my darling, for we have all something to be sorry for, and be a good lad while you have yet time. I have never troubled you with such talk of late, Willy ; I have been afraid of your ill looks and your tempers, but it has been often in my thoughts to speak of such things. Kiss me, darling, kiss me. Pray to-night. Oh, how I have prayed for you. Willy ! Pray to be a good man." "Yes, yes, all right," said Mr. William, submitting, if with no very good grace, to his mother's impassioned caress. " I will do all that if you on your part will promise me to hold your tongue about this matter. In my opinion, you have been misled by your feelings; you were tired and full of melancholy thoughts, and your imagination has built up the whole affair. It was a mere delusion." Mrs. Blackburn shook her head, and smiled sadly. " Well, that's my opinion, I repeat," said William coldly ; " and I think most people will agree witll me. On the other hand, you think you have seen a ghost. In either case, I judge the thing had better not be talked about. You never said one word of this to Lucy or Ellen, of course ?" " Not a syllable, Willy; and I never shall. This is a secret between you and me-a secret much too sacred, much too awful, to speak to any ear than that which it may concern. Your father, alas ! is deaf to every voice, even though it be one from the tomb ; but you, Willy oh, lay it to heart-lay it to heart! You will not go out to-night, darling, among those rough rude men ?" "No, I will not. I promise you that, mother. Good-night. T will just have another cigar, and then to bed." But William Blackburn remained in that room for hours, now sitting by the fading embers with moody brow, now starting up to pace the floor with restless steps. Not till the morning light found its way through the close shutters did he retire to his own cham ber ; yet after all this counsel with himself, he could come to no more satisfactory con clusion than to hope that all these pains of j thought might be in vain. " The old woman i must have been deceived," he muttered, as he threw himself on his bed. "It could never have been Bess herself; she would not have dared to come." 