THE SEBASTOPOL HOTJlffDS. TO EHE EDITOB OF TBM XOSTEALASIAW. Sir,-Not having seen in your journal any accouttt of the lost two runs with Mr. Sow* land's hounds, especially the one - oil. Jmly 1st (Separation Day), which. X think; worthy o! a place in your sporting columns, I Bend yon the following, imports ; meet on that day was at Bnnf a dozen sporting gentlemen _ on the occasion, the unpleasant no doubt, having a grea^ with the meagre attendance. ing ground, at the back of Sdleck's Flat, about three miles from the township, was made for, and no sooner had we arrived an the vicinity of the rangee than the hounds gaVe tongue, the scent of a kangaroo having been picked up on what iB known asFem-bflL Away all went as hard as they.-11" * over hill and dale and throagc scrub, crossing a few brush!" faroo leading them a nice i" 1 Ranges/but being hard j for theopen groima on Boyd's ran, when ainvniftaentnu place for upwards of anhouranft-a At last WillianWHi's to, and. this, proved a saaonsobstacle for the party. to ^ being swollen oonsid.. rains; however, whilst they ing how to overcome tiro kangaroo tanked and swam %crcp It* followed by the whole pack, horsemmtndhotandiwpK cry, going at a naoe that " belfows to mencr-to^all. TUs did***!** long, M themMWilal gJiirod ,wp^fcxm,ra» into, young BeUumfcadBMOthim over in ram style. This oonclui season. ^^wholefidd,weie.vpu-: and held high i jabBew on tins lira tiiilllteu the winter; Itbeingoariy in the day, another ran vs " iad ?ill' anadBforiihej kownnl one of the in . Eowlcnds, aU|r assisted Ajyrnft^n&tel; in vain to whip them off, «>. *tif if vamHil ' ' 4fl1 mjirtoh! UQMftijfiM. ihey were allowed to hunt for their own amusement, it being too dark to follow them. The horsemen then made "backs" for Ban inyong, which was reached between six and aeven o'dock in the evening. The meet last Friday «u at Dog-trap Creek, Pereter's Hotel being the "pah." where all congregated. The hounds, now* ever, were not in fit trim, their feet being ?eiy sore from the effects of the ran on the previous week. A good ran was, however, obtained in the direction of Rokewood. I may mention that all the hounds have been recovered, with the exception of Matchless. In conclusion, I may say that I am very sorry to see that Mr. Rowlands does not receive that amount of encouragement from the sporting men of Baliarat that he deserves, they evidently preferring the "herring" busi ness to bunting the in its wQa state. Well, all I can say is, that I pity their vitiated tastes, if I may be allowed to use tfteexgres dan. NIMROD'S GHOST. Bmuoyong, July 1L 