A LAND OF GHOSTS AND GOBLINS. NcitMiNDT is full from end to. end of old legends of all hinds ; and has the distinction of possessing all the hideous as well as the lovely shapes into which superst'tion and fear have moulded ignorance. Loups-garous once abounded in Normmdy; and even yet the belief in these horrid ceaMires still clings among the lenely and the t ; mid in remote district-*, where drainage is bad, and the schoolmaster not abroad. As fur ghosts, they are everywhere ; so are changelings : r>n are hobgoblins; eon pealed t'eisu r es make the earth beneith one's feet rich and beautiful, if one only knew how to get at them ; but lioWi. to first propitiate the dwarfs to wh'ch they belong? There is nothing to be done without them, and not all the king's horses nor all the k : ng,« men are of the slightest use if les Gouhelins are dissatisfied. The rumour of concealed treasures in the hamlet of Piucheloup, in the Commune of Troiiville, was so great in the last century that a short time before the revolution broke out the garrison of Pont-Audemcr was sent to search ; it came baek empty-handed, for the Goubelins had not been consulted. The treasure lies there to this day. Also, treasure lies at the bottom of Orval, in the Fecamp valley, snugly packed a\v;iy in certain grottoes; also in the mountains of Bremont, where a sow, breathing flames, holds the way against all invaders, and did once really force a semi-historical person, an I ali.-in, to retire, Treasure lies at the Chateau de la Robardiei'.', oil the southern bonier of the forest of Dreux, guarded by I'llomme Blaric, a magnificent fellow, who appears to the eyes of believers on tho inost holy anniversaries, especially on all the fetes consecrated to the Blessed Virgin. The ' white man' is a noble creature, and does no harm to any, save to those who would sacreligiously mekdle with the treasu-e he is appointed to guard. For one hour in the year, however, the way is open to the outiu'do worl-l. During the Christinas midnight mass, he and all other treasure keepers are off duly, and every one can enter and take. One minute beyond the last words of she service, and all doors and concea'ed ways reclose with a swiftness which does not allow even a groan or a sigh to pass. Bayeaux has other oM belongings besides itx t.ipestry, one «f which is the legend of the liiiry wifo of L- Seigneur'd' Argollges. Ii. j seems that Seigneur d'Argougi-s, being one day out huntitiir, as al! seigneurs were wont to be in thsse days, met, twenty lovely ladies mounted on twenty snow-white palfreys. One of these ladies, apnarentlv their queen, was of a yet more incomparable beauty than the rest, and of her the good kuight became so suddenly and desperately enamoured, that he offered to marry her on the spot-. The fairy consented on the one condition that he was never to pronounce that fatal word death, before her; and the knight undertook to obey this not too difficult condition, They were mirried, and lived for years in extreme felicity ; having a quiver full of beautiful children to increase their joy, and knowing only peace, plenty, and prosperity Unfortunately, one day the fairy wife made her hu»baud wait such a desperately long time while she adorned herself to her satisfaction for the tournament at which he was to assist and she to shine, that he lost all patience and his memory, and in a sharp rebuke pronounced the forbiden word. No sooner had it escaped his lips than she gave a piercing shriek, and vanished, leaving first, however, the impress of her hand on the door of the chateau. Every night she may be seen, dressed in white, wandering about the scene of her former joys, sobbing, and crying ' La mort 1 La mort 1' Death death. That this story is absolutely true is proved by the arms of the house of Arg^uges, which bear a female figure, untrammelled by millinerv, with the conclusive motto—'A La fee-'— As ENORMOUS MAIL.—The Inman Company's steamer City of Paris, which arrived at New York from Liverpool and Queenstown the other day, had on board one of the largest mails ever carried across the Atlantic. No less than 288 sncks of mails were landed, and 171 were despatched on June 28 from the Post Office at New York by way of the New Jersey Central Railroad, for San Francisco. A. large portion of this unusually heavy mail would be, upon its arrival at San Francisco, reshipped by the new Australian route to Melbourne, Jvew South Wales, and New Zealand. t h c p All the Year Round. 