NEWS BY THE MAIL. From the English News in \ho. Sydney Morning Herald of tbo 12lh instant, we extraot the fol- lowing:— GENERAL SUMMiRY. Thero will bo no items of English news moro favourably rocoived by residents in the colony than tboso which apply to two st&plo; Australian commodities— wool nnd meat. It is cheering to find that tho wool ia atill " up." Tho snlcs seem to have gone ofT well and to have ended with a firm tone in fnvour of tho seller. Tho rise ia said to bo from ono half-ponny to a penny. Soma readers will demur to moat being placed amongst the staple commodities. Wo havo, porhaps, given it tho pi ico it should have rathor than thb one it has But if the reputation of Aastralian moat extends during the year At the present rate, and tho establishments for preserving cootinuo to increase both boro ond in Victoria, tho ealo of 100 tons of colonial nrosfrvod meat will bo passed ovor without special referenco. Now, however, it seems a groat thing io our oyes that so large a quantity was disposed of by_ Mr. Tallerroao, ot public auction, and at prices that wore satisfac tory. Tho fact of tho projection of tbo " Central Queensland Meat Preserving Company," with £45,000 capital, implies tho existence of a wakeful agency in London. A glance ovor tho items of news shows that Franco has been perturbed, but is now quiet. The storm 1ms threatened j but tho Emperor has deftly drawn tho lightning from tho thunder cloud, and discharged it innocuous to the ground. Ho scorns to hove dealt pnliently and firmly with his opponents, and to have gained friends in tho Chamber and beyond its limits by bis conduct. Tho last news told of him is that a waut of confi dence motion against tho Government was turned into a vote of confidence expressed by 236 against 18\. Tho process of dirarmamcnt goes on in deference to public desire. Since the opening of Parliament tbo proposals mado by private mombers aro numerous beyond precodont, and amongst them' the disestablish ment of the Welsh Church and the appropriation of tho funds to education ; ibo abolition of th o Church ratos and burials bill; and bills for deal ing with Church p&tronnge;, olurical disestablish- mo_ut,_insuranco companies; for amending the game laws, electoral disabilities, ballot on tho Australian plan, the diplomatic services, tbo repeal of the minority clauses, payment of momhors, tho release of bishops from attending the House of Lorde, -and -the repeal of IhePurty ProcessioaB Act. x Mr. Gladstone, although flufferinYr'frnm in <1 it- position, is well enough to tako bare -of his Irish .Land Bill, which, notwithstanding the criticism of Mr. Disraeli, was read a second time, tho divisions showing 422 to II. Nor is tho Premier satisfied with accordingjustico to Ireland. Ho intends also to accord her peace by laying tho ghost of rebellion He Is not about to omploy mystical incantations, not bull, book, and caudle —no— nor M rosowntvr" of which, with Carlylo, wo consider there . has been moro than enough. He is going About bis work in. a business- liko strong-beaded way, which will commend itao'lf In time oven to tboso whom it most concerns. lie says in effect Whilo Englaud ia doing her utmost to do justico to Irclnnri, oho is dutcrinincd that crdor shall bo preserved." Most of our readers will bear of tho Introduction by the Goviroment of tho Dill " for the better preserve tion of life and property io Ireland," with evident Toolings of pleasure. It will bo almost more thau was to bo oxpoctcd perhaps, aftor tho weak- noss shown in liberating tho rohcls. It is not supposod that tho Irish people as a wholu hnvo auy sympathy with agrnriau riots and blood thirsty ruffianism. They demand protection, and dosiro to enjoy the samo peaco ns Scotland —in union wub Euglnntf. Through the stern provisions of Mr. Gladstone's bill, wo seetn to seo glimpios of a happier time for poor Ireland. Mr. Gladstone's speech, introducing tho Irish Land Bill, was a brilliant effort of logic and rhetoric ; it is a comprehensive schomo for re. organising and harmonising tho superior Law Courts, and a Final Appeal Court, and the intro- duction of a Lord Chancellor. Tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer has com menced the publication of tho revenue receipt weekly; thoy show a splendid balance for dis posal. Bishop Temple has disarmed tho hostility of his enemies by promising, in convocation, to withdraw his ossav in tho futuro editions of tho " Essays and Reviews." This step_has roused tho displeasure of his former admirers, who regarded it as a weak and unsatisfactory con clusion. Dr. Temple preachod beforo the Court at Windsor. j . The colonial question is still discussed in the Quarterly Edinburgh) Review, aud in tho Fortnightly Review , by Herraao Mcrivale and Stunrt Mill. He thinks there should bo a syste matic consultation on colonial affairs, with repre sentatives chosen by elected authorities of tbo varionscoItfnies; Fowell 'Buxton advocates a" feneration on mo oasis oi equality, with in dependent territories, combining for external do- fence. ' Tho Bine Book contains the correspondence relative io j&art; uranviife s circular. All the re plies were unfavorable to a conference. Groat activity is displayed by the Immigration League. A deputation waited on Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Bruce, presenting a memorial. Both Ministers promised to give it a favorable con sideration, and expressed themselves adverse to any alteration in tho relations of tie colonies with the mother country.- Messrs. Disraoli and Bright havo recovered from their indisposition. Tho reduction of the Indian army wi 1 effect an annual saving of £400,000. A regular Cabinet, has been formed by the Niabaro of Eyderabad. It is reported that a virulent plague has broken out at Zanzibar. . i A revolt has taken place amongst the Sepoy troopB in the Portuguese service at Algca; caused by reductions in the military and otbtr depart ments. - j Of the fate of tho Pope's dogma .ve know nothing: we are only told tbat, braving the dis- pleasure of several of the Governments <f Europe, he proponnded it- -He has hla ownwgy oLdoiug- things, as is very apparent in the pre6iot case. He believes himself - strong in tho attlbute of Infallibility, and therefore proceeds stepjy step to an end that is discerned probably by allmve him self. The Opposition stands firm, aid many things are leaking out through the Cornell that savour too mnch of tho praotices that ch.racteriso tho proceedings of our own Legislative Chambers when the Idb and Onts are striving fir office, without any particular regard for tho noans by which they secure their purposoa. lu Spain there is nothing of momoni beyond what has been mentioned. It iB difficilt to see how things will be settled there. Id Germany, both in the North and South, there are ivitionces of consolidation and progress Absolutism ia g'ving array, and tho ruler taking his priber place in the nation. With the exception of tho satisraoior; Intelli- gonco of tho successful laying of tho led Sea bablo from Suez to Bombay, nothing of mom®"4, remains to bo noted. Mr. Grant Duff has boon elected Rector of the Uni-.«;(y -f Tho Order of Merit has been conferred on Adelina Patti by the Emperor of Russia! The total cost of tho last general jelcaiion according to official returns, was £1,382,252. Amongst tho distinguished dead we now note tho name of Montalombcrt. Tho deceased Cbarlos Forbos, Count do Montnlembert, jwas tho foremost leader of tho Liberal Catholic party. He comraoncod life as a violent advocalo pf Ultra montane arid Legitimist principles, bui falling under tho enlightened influence of the Abbe LamennaiB, his political opinions underwent a complete change. While ho retained hps belief in tbo doctrines of tho Romish Church /and the ecclesiastical polity of Romo, ho btcnme a thorough Libora! m politics. Tho sincere union of those opiniona in the same person, be|ng con sidered a rare occurrence, the good fuith of the man wa« for some time suspected. Io was supposed to bo sailing with Papal orders under Liiiornl colours. His union with LouIh Napoleon, nftur the Revolution, rather favoured tnis idea, which subsequent events cxtingtiis|io 1. Ho ventilated his liberal views in a manner peculiarly displeasing to tho Emperor. Not than ho said anything particular against tho Empire!; but he said so much in favour of English Institutions aud English freedom that the inference was inevitable on the part of any mind capable of forming a comparison. No utterance of his has come. to our ear concerning rocoht proceedings at Rqmo ; but it ia easy to understand bis position) by the remembrance of what ho said after reading tho Pope's Encyclical ' Is it possible for mo to remain in loyal allegiance to my Sovereign, and remain in loyal allegiance to my spiritual sovo.' reign, tho Popo?" This is a question hich tho (Ecumenical Council probably helped hinl to solve, ns it will holp many others before the last scene of tho drama at St. Petor's is playudou£ A convocation proposes a revised, version of the Old and New Testaments. A sharp contest has occurred in the Irish Church Convention on the question of separate sessions aud votes of Bishops; tho lAy jfeoliug is strongly against tho episcopal power of veto. Mr. Perry, lato Inspector of Prisons, has be- queatcd £2000 to Dr. Colenso ; Mr. Charles Egnn has given £200,000 to the Catholic charities of Dublin ; an admiring Welshman Rends £40,000 to the Marquis of Bute ; Lord Dudley offurs £10,000, to complcto tho choir of Winchester Cathedral. Dicisions have heon given against the Revs. Messrs. Wis and Purchaso for Ritualistic practices. Both are condemned in costs. Tho Government havo determined to.prosecuto the father of the Welsh fasting girl and tho com mittee who permitted hor death without glvinc her food, h Binco the transfer of tho tolegraphs to the Government tho service has partially broken down, causing a great onisry ; this. Is ascribed partly to the very sovera wbnther. the nrcRstire of extra business, and tho difficulties which aro inherent in so great a ohange. Tho MordauntHivo7coco8b"has engagedpubli<T attention for the last fortnight. A plea of insanity is-urged-on-belmlfof— Lady-Mordauntrand-so' conclusive scorned the medical evidence that- the prosecution worn induced to admit the plea oh far as concarned the present condition of the-respon dent; but tho witnesses' deposed to her perfect snnity whon tho self-inculpatory confession was mado to her husband; the-adulcery is chargod against Lord Colo, Sir Frederick Johnstone, Colonel Farquhnr, aud tho Prince of WnloR. The Prince's letters wore put in in evidence, but not read, but were surreptitiously published in tho newspapers. They contain nothing compromising her ladyship; the Prlnco and Colonol Jobn&tono; underwent an examination on ontb,nnd both dony any impropor behaviour. Sergeant Bulhut'yno"' addrc«sod the jury on behalf of Sir Chnrles Mnr- dnunt, and Mr. Deauo on tho other side. Lord Ponzctnco summed up loaving to tho jury tho questions— whother respondent on 'tho 30th of April was in suoli a condition as onabtcd liar to nnswor tho allegations of tho potition, and to duly instruct hor solioltor for tho dofonco ; seoondly, if in such n condition did sho-aftcrwards bocouio ihsiino, and whon sho censed to be so. No certain jaots aro known about tho progress of tho". (Ecumenical Council. The infallibility dogma .has boon dolnyed ; several European: Governments having mado their objections, which were felt so powerfully that the Popo hesitatod, and all klnds of political embarrassment aro fore seen should tho dogma . bo promulgated. Tho opposition stands firm and grows bohior. Two theologians were oxpellod from Romo for having communicated to the Augsburg Gazette tho annthomatising canons. ..Tho 'PadaI mission to Ibo Emnoror Nnnoloon has failed. The Prussian Diotclosed on tho 12th ; tho speech was read by Count BiBmnrok. Tho North German Parliament was opened tho following Monday by tho King, who dolivored a speoch romnrknblo for fulness and docislvenoss. Bismarck and tho Diet do not work harmoniously; tho Upper House has never reconciled itself to annoxation, nnd 'on resisting bis project for an adjournment was severely rebuked for its narrownoss'and thrcntoncd with oxtinotion. In both Housos tbo Count was defeated on tbo moooy vote. A serious political orisis occurred io Bavaria, aud Prussian intorveution is possible. At Badon the Ministry submitted a tnessago for tho separa tion of Churoh and Stato. A deputation of 185 Eogtish mayors' wivos viwitod Brussels, and ureaentL'tl n. .ailvnr-nanltnt,- containing ao address, to tho Oolgian King. A canal through tho IsthniUB of Corinth is to bo cut by a French oompany. Relations betwoeu tbo Sultan and tho Khodive aro now on thn best possible footing. 