CHARLES KIRKPATRICK SHABTE. (Abridged from the Cornhill. INox so very many years ago, in walking along the streets of Edinburgh, a stranger would have been struck with the appearance of a figure to be often seen there. It was that of a tall, ruddy complexioned, powerfully-built man, years a long blue surtout or frock-coat a good deal faded, and reaching down to his ankles, which were encased in silk thread stockings, ki8 feet being thrust into shoes of the kind known as pumps, about which fluttered a copious supply of silk ribbon. His Beckerchief was downy, large, and bulging, rolled round the neck many times, and projecting in wreaths like a great poultice," as complete an anti-Brummellite as ever was worn. On his head towered a huge Brutus wig of light brown hair. His linen was ample and spotlessly white. It was the only thing, according to Hill Burton, about his person which prevented you from supposing that he had been " shot and stuffed on his return home from college, and sprinkled with the frowsy mouldings which time imparts to stuffed animals and other things, in which a semblance to the freshness of living nature is vainly attempted to be preserved." His umbrella was no exception to the rest of his mode. It was of green silk, with a cromer shaped horn handle and long stout brass point-an umbrella eminently companionable, sensible, and large enough to shelter a moderately-sued family from the rain. The stranger addressing him would find his manners as charmingly antiquated as his costume. high-bred and sedately dignified, his manner filled you with respect and carried you into a world of old courtesy and genuine pleasantness, where you had to be on your guard against undue familiarity. . This strange person was as notable in his character as in his aspect and manners, and if you follow him home to his house in Princes street, you will see in what direction his tastes lay. As you walk behind him many people turn round and look at him and speak of him, and tell one another of some token of the brilliancy of his pen on the humour and sarcasm of his pencil -the mingled grotesqueness and kindliness, fun and power that lay in both. You may have some difficulty in getting into his house, where is his celebrated museum. If you go there with the idea that he is an old man, and his wonderful collection merely a hobby, and show him that you think so ; or if you go as a man of rank or a person of quality, and look on him in the light of a showman or exhibitor of his museum ; you have no chance of admittance. An old man with his hobby why, he rode it as a pony when a boy ! To be at the beck and call of the great of the land-why, he himself was descended from two of the best families in the country, and felt their blood in his veins ! For, as was remarked at the time of his death, he was a good deal imbued with the kind of pride of old Sir Edward Seymour, who, when asked by Charles II. if he was not a member of the Duke of Somerset's family, answered, " No, sire; the Duke is a member of mine." But suppose, you have the entrée to his museum. You will see much there that is worth a long visit and careful examination. What Hill Burton, writing of him under the name of Fitzpatrick Smart, says about his collection of books, is applicable to his whole museum: "He, through a long life, had been an enthusiastic and vigilant collector. He was far from omnivorous. He had a principle of selection peculiar and separate from all others, as was his own individuality from other men's. You could not classify his library according to any of the accepted nomenclature peculiar to the initiated. He was not a black-letter man, or a tall copyist, or an uncut man, or a rough-edge man, or an early English dramatist, or an Elze- varian, or a broadside, or a masquerader, or an old brown-calf man, or a Granger ite, or a tawny morocco, or a grasshopper, or a marbled insider, or an editio princeps man : neither did he come under any of the more vulgar classifications of collectors whose thoughts are more upon the usefulness for study than upon the external conditions of their library : such as those who affect science, or the classics, or English poetic and historical literature. There was no way of defining his peculiar walk save by his own name : it was the Fitzpatrick Smart walk." Association of some kind, no matter what was, perhaps, the strongest recommendation an article could have for him. Thus, although his taste in pictures was exquisite, yet some unutterably bad daub was dear to him, on account of some particular association it had to his wayward fancy. Before you had left his house he would have told you many a curious tale, many a weird legend, or some stray bit of family history and in the course of general conversation he would have said many a quaintly clever thing. If you had been talking of artists you might have heard him say, "Artists everybody artists now-fiddle players ! John Ketch, Esq., artist " " Though players are gone, esquires have come up ; all the world esquires " Talking of politics or history, he, perhaps, might have told you that a "Whig, properly such, " always shows a complete ignorance of history as well as of human nature." Did you was angry at anybody or anything, he might have told you that " anger improves the appearance of nothing but a cat's tail, or did you speak of some unworthy member of an old family, he might have said, " The oldest cheeses have most mites, so old families with filthy relations." Perhaps, before you had left him, Sir Walter Scott might have looked in, and saluted him as Charles, for Sir Walter, and Charles Kirkpatrick Sharpe were great friends. Let us have a glance at the life of this strange old man. There must be much in it to amuse and interest ; there may be something to instruct and profit. A recently published memoir, with some etchings and photographs from his original drawings, serve very pleasantly to recall his image to a younger generation. Charles Kirkpatrick Sharpe was born at Boddam Castle, in Dumfriesshire, on the 15th May, 1788. He was the third son of Charles Sharpe, of Boddam, and Eleonora, younger daughter of John Renton, of Lammerton. Through his father's connections he was related to the royal race of Stuart; through his mother's with the Eglinton- family. His aunt, Lady Murray, was blessed, when a girl, by Trevor, Bishop of Durham, an old college friend of her father's, who was so handsome a man that he generally went by the title of the "Beauty of Holiness." Her father ' is said to have once dined with Swift, and was much astonished at the freedom with which Swift, at Lord Halifax's table, recalled a dish, which had pleased his taste, after the removal of the first course. By the will of his mother's great uncle, who Bequeathed to Charles's father all his estates, he assumed the name of Sharpe, but Charles was too proud of the ancestral glory of the Kirkpatrick's to drop that cognomen altogether. He showed as much vexation at some one having omitted the initial letter of his wife patronymic as we lately read Sir William I Hamilton did when at college, on his mother omitting from the address of her letter the title " Esquire." The castle in which he was born was a good specimen of the high double tower with bar- tizan and steep roof common to the baro- nial era in Scottish history. It is said to have been v built betwixt the years M37 and 1484, by John Herries, of Herries, nicknamed John de Reeve, a powerful border baron. In the middle of the sixteenth century, it descended to female heirs, and soon afterwards came into the possession of John Sharpe. Before the union of the two countries, Roddam was one of the places of defence in the Borders, and, in an appendix to the Border laws, we find it was appointed to be kept " with one wise stout man, and to have with him four well horsed men, and these to have two stalk footmen, servants to keep their horses, and the principal to have and stout footman." On the ridge above the castle stands the singular square tower known as the Tower of Repentance, to which Sharpe thus alludes in one of his ballads : No more to lone Repentance Tower At twilight shall I stray. And deem I hear the mermaid pour, Afar, hex melting lay a Nor see, along the silver sands The flitting fairies glide, Dancing retreat, with twisted hands, As pipes the coming tide. This square tower is built of hewn stone, and over its door are carved the figures of a dove and serpent, denoting grace and remorse and betwixt them the word " Repentance." Hence, although its proper name is Trailtrow, it is much more commonly called the Tower of Repentance. By the old Border laws, a watch was maintained there with a fireplace and a bell to give warning whenever the English approached the river Annan. It was built by the same Lord Herries, the well-known marauding hard. Returning once from England with some prisoners, whom he had unlawfully seized, a great storm overtook him while crossing the Solway Frith, and, in order to relieve the boat, he cut the throats of the unfortunate captives and threw them into the sea. Remorse of conscience, however, afterwards possessed him, and he built this tower as a proof of his sorrow for his crime, as well as of his hope of future grace. Mr. Sharpe's ballad, in reference to this history, is sweet and touching. He describes how Lord Herries sat within the tower and bewailed his crime one moonlight night; his soul " sad and hair," and dark amid all the blaze of moonlight. He " gloried " upon the sea and sighed The night is fair and calm the air No blasts disturb the tree ; 13 art h men and beats; now take their rest, And a's at peace but me. The castle in which he was brought up and spent a large portion of his time, was a ruinous, tumble down sort of place. He writes of it in that vein of pleasant sarcasm so characteristic of him I know not how the weather has been in other parts of the world, but we have as yet had nothing but winter ; frost, hail, and nightly hurricanes that shake the turrets and chimneys of this ruinous pile so much, that we require to be dug out of the rubbish every morning to make our toilettes for breakfast. When I lie in bed listening to the furious winds I frequently think, Oh, that I had the wings of a dove, or of a rock, or a wild goose, or any fast-flying bird, to achieve a milder climate of the Isle of Palms, for instance, where are sunshine and flowers, and the sweet sunshine of Favonius all the year round. But alas ! I cannot fly far less find that terrestrial paradise of Wilson's in my map ; my only hope ' of wings rests with Sir James Hall, of Douglass, and Professor Playfair and if George Forbes and Cummin return from their pilgrimage ' without a palm branch in their bills and a navigable chart of the island in their pockets, ' farewell to the prospect of everlasting strawberries and cream, and a certain cure of the rheumatism." He was sent to the University of Edinburgh in 1796, and two years afterwards matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford, where he took his Master's degree on the 28th of June, 1886 At Oxford, his pleasant manners and striking power of descriptive humour procured for him many illustrious friends, such as Lord Gower (Duke of Sutherland), Lord Newton (Earl of Londesborough), Conybeare, afterwards Professor of Poetry, young Macdonald, the chief Baron's son, Gran- ville Somerset, Finch, Gaisford. He never for- got, however, his friends at home and was remarkably proud of, and much attached to his father and mother. He prized highly his father's literary attainments and fine social qualities, and his mother's simple kindness and beauty. He writes to her with much affection : " Of all my pleasures the sight of you will be the greatest ; you are my only treasure, my consola- tion in all the changes and chances to which mortality is subject. I feel for you in a manner that I do not for any one else in the world and when you are gone, my selfishness and apathy must render me totally unworthy of remaining any longer there." And, again, in a letter to his sister :-" I have often been surprised that my mother, whose beauty was once so conspicuous, should so totally have escaped every flourish of affecta- tion. This is a grand cosmetic, a setter- off of features beyond au the Rowlands and Olympian dews in the world. Here hypocrisy is lawful, and in this way a woman displays, after the best manner, the charms of her mind as well as of her person." The portraits that he executed for friends were so much admired that the stately Cyril Jackson, then in the zenith of his reputation as head of the house (iEdes Christi), expressed a wish to see both the artist-uidergraduate and his work. He accordingly both dined with the Dean and heard him preach. He liked neither dinner nor sermon. He called the former " a painful pleasure, where, although the host was exceedingly gracious and talkative, a pro- digious wide yawn reminded us every now and then that we were dining with a great man." He says the latter was exceedingly dry and full of repetition, and it was read with such a prodigious deal of shuffling that you would have sworn the miracle of Balaam's ass was repeated, and that an inspired swine was grunting sinners from their evil ways. Well did Dr. Parr exclaim of this man, ' Oh, that mine enemy would write a book !' " Of Dr. Parr himself, however, he had no exalted opinion, and when talking of him, in reference to Queen Caroline, he says, " What a companion for a Princess ! I have met him at Oxford, the very worst-bred brute, composed of insolence and tobacco, that I ever saw or heard of. He did not care much for the mere ordinary type of Oxford men; he thought the tutors unmannerly and disgusting in their behaviour ; he hated classical learning when divorced from elegant and refined literary taste. His political creed is apparent, and comes out strikingly in a poem he contributed to the Anti-Jacobin Jlevinu (vol. ix., p., 515), entitled the .. Vision of Liberty," written in the style of Spenser. In a dream he sees France ravaged and deserted. In the midst of desolation and. devastation is reared the brazen temple of the idol, Liberty. Towards it approach the leaders of the English Whigs, headed by Fox, in procession, after the manner of the Court of Queen Lucifers (Fairy Queen, book I., came away. The satire is biting, and its language is strong and forcible, though partaking occasionally of the coarseness of the period. In 1862 the first two volumes of the " Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border " appeared, under the editorship of Sir Walter Scott. This was the very work to stir Sharpe's enthusiasm, and, incited by his admiration for such a collection of chivalric and historical ballad poetry, he addresses a letter to the editor, sending him the " Twa Corbies " and " Lord William," one of which had been taught him by a nurse, and the other by Miss Erskine of Alva, offering him, at the same time, others which he knew and loved. Two original ballads, by Sharpe himself, appeared in the third volume of the " Minstrelsy," published in 1893, and although placed beside those of Scott, Leyden, and Wilson, hold no mean position in that delightful volume. They were entitled "The Tower of Repentance," which we have already alluded to, and the " Murder of Carlaverock," containing one verse which has been very generally admired : Unclosed her mouth of rosy hue, Whence issued fragrant air That gently, in soft motion, blew Stray ringlets of her hair. , Scott called on Sharpe at Oxford soon after their correspondence. He did not at first make such a favourable impression on Sharpe as might have been expected from the character of them both, and the similarity of their tastes. In these days of active volunteering, his letter to Lord Newton in 1803 on the occasion of the alarm caused by the threatened invasion by Napoleon, is amusing: "We have got Lord Moira here to manage our military matters, and all the ladies in Edinburgh are ready to break their hearts for love of him already, except my sister Jane, who dined with him at his Grace of Buccleuch's the other day, and came off unhurt, owing, she thinks, to a huge piece of roast beef, which, in some sort, protected her from the fury of his lordship's artillery. For my own part I wish the French would come and have done, for the people, here keep such a devil of a drilling that a sober-minded Christian can get no peace for them. Gentlemen and clowns are. at it from morning till night ; the butler drills the footman with a cudgel in the servant's hall, and the cooked instructs the flea catchers with a ladle in the kitchen ; nay, the very cows and hogs, at the approach of a hostile cur, draw up in battle array, in imitation of the two-legged bumpkins who are sporting the exercise under every hedge in Annandale." In 1866 he goes to Lord Melville's trial, and thus comments upon it :-" I went three days to Lord Melville's trial. The first was taken up, as the newspapers would tell you, with Whitbtead's speech, who declaimed in a velvet coat, a bag, and lace ruffles. You would have laughed had you seen the ridiculous care with which his friends gave him sips of wine and water to wet his whistle, and clouts for his mouth and nose. I thought his speech very clever, but in a miserable bad taste, and so abusive that Lord Melville smiled very frequently. That monster Fox was there, his sallow cheeks hanging down to his paunch, and his scowling eyes turned sometimes upon Mr. Whitbread, sometimes on the rows of pretty peeresses who sat eating sandwiches from silk indispensables, and putting themselves into proper attitudes to astonish the representatives of the Commons of England occupying the opposite benches. Lord Melville will certainly get clear and be made quite a saint of by his own party." In 1867 Mr. Sharpe began a tragedy in five acts, and finished it in the year following. He says it met the approval of Scott ; but it was never acted. In all probability 1800 lines of blank verse, in imitation of Dryden, would have been too much for the British public, especially when spouted from the mouths of only six characters. Shortly afterwards he published a small volume of poems, which attracted some attention. Scott's opinion of them is worth quoting :-" They exhibit, I think," he says, " a very considerable portion of imagination, and occasionally, though not uniformly, great flow of versification. There is one verse, or rather the whole description of a musical ghost lady sitting among the ruins of her father's tower, that pleased me very much. But his language is too flowery, and even tawdry, and I quarrelled with a lady in the first poem, who yielded up her affection upon her lover showing his white teeth. White teeth ought to be taken care of and set great store by, but I cannot allow them to be an object of passionate admiration it is too like subduing a lady's heart by grinning . His favourite haunt in these, his younger days, when not at Oxford or Roddam, was Benham, the residence of the Margravine of Anspach, and many a pleasant evening he Lord Craven, a well-travelled and intellectual man, Sir Lumley Skeffington, and " topographical Gell" had together. When he first became acquainted with the Margravine she had the remains of much beauty, which she dis- figured with an immense quantity of rouge and burnt cork on her eyebrows. She was very graceful, and could assume, when she pleased, the manners of the best times ; she composed music prettily, but spoilt her own songs with a cracked voice ; she danced well, and was an excellent shot. His most illustrious acquaintance at this date was Caroline of Brunswick, the ill-used wife of George IV., whom he terms " that filthy piece of crustiness." His account of her appearance is the reverse of flattering. "Her eyes projected," he says, like those of the royal family. She made her head large by wearing an immense wig. She also painted her eyebrows, which gave her face a strange fierce look. Her skin-and she showed a great deal was very red. She wore very high-heeled shoes, so that she bent forward when she stood or walked; her feet and ankles were dreadful." It is interesting also to know from Sharpe, who had no admiration for the political circle she moved in, and who could thus write about her personal appearance, that he believed implicitly in her innocence of the charges brought against her by her husband. " Before I had the honour of being acquainted with the Queen," he writes, "I had heard many reports of her unchastity I never saw anything to confirm them. She had much esprit, and talked as freely as many clever and most virtuous women of the highest rank, whom I have known, both in Scotland and England, used to do. This is no proof of incontinence. There is an old Scottish proverb : * The silent soon eats a' the drag." . That she was capable of inventing malice 'ous ties, which this bad woman (Lady Charlotte Bury) asserts in her second volume, I no more believe than that she was capable of raising devils. Devils enough she had about her and could not lay them ; but this I am very confident of, that she is now in a place where few of her former companions have ever reached her and, consequently, where she enjoys that case and happiness to which she was here so much a stranger. I bid her a grateful farewell." This extract is taken from a fly-leaf, of a copy of Lady Charlotte Bury's " Times of George IV.," the publication of which book caused Sharpe much annoyance and pain, The authoress, as Lady Charlotte Campbell, had been a great friend of his. He was her most devoted admirer, and took a great interest in all her literary pursuits. When at Oxford he had written many letters to her on public events and public people, with a running com- mentary in that cynical vein so common to him, and which he doubtless thought would only afford momentary amusement to his fair correspondent. He says: " When I wrote the silly impertinent letters in question, between twenty and thirty years ago, I knew I was writing to the Duke of Argyle's daughter, and thought myself safe by all the common rules of good breeding and morality. . . . She has done me an irreparable injury not as to being deemed a fool for writing such silly stuff, as I am now at an age far beyond the consideration of vanity as to intellect-but by this publication I certainly must lose two sincere friends, who have been beyond measure kind to me for twenty years." A more galling and trying position for a man to be placed in it is hard to conceive. He had never at any time been particular as to what he wrote to his intimates, and there are some opinions of celebrities quoted in his memoirs, which are certainly very freely stated. Of Shelley he thus writes to a friend : "I send you the Cenci, written by that wicked wretch Shelley. I remember him-at Oxford, mad, bad, and trying to persuade people he lived on arsenic and aquafortis." Writing to Lady Queensberry, he thus makes mention of Byron : " I have sent Lord Byron, which I beg your ladyship will desire Mrs. Douglas to be cautious how she reads, if alone at night, lest she fall asleep and catch cold and take fire. Such authors occasion more rheum than a shower of rain at Vauxhall, and kill more unfortunate ladies than the barbarous custom of Hindostan, or the Act against Witchcraft while in force here. Be so good, also, as to tell Mrs. Douglas that the hapless young gentleman, whose untimely fate is celebrated near the end of the First Book, is not the Hon. Mr. Some- thing, as Lord B. pretends-' No writer but a knight templar.' U- is a bear, the only companion Lord B. had at Cambridge, between his lordship and which there existed a friendship unparalleled save in the ancient chronicle of Valentine and Orson." Again, of Mrs. Siddons : " I met Mrs. Siddons at dinner one day, just before the death of her spouse, "I was at Walter Scott's, and you cannot imagine how it annoyed me to behold Belvidera guzzle boiled beef and mustard, swill streams of porter, cram up her nose with handfuls of snuff, and laugh till she made the whole room shake again. I verily think she is even better than when we last saw her, and really now is so broad in the pockets that she is a very shame to be seen." All his life Sharpe continued to be the diligent student, the wayward collector, and was ever deep in research, sometimes into old family pedigrees and stories, sometimes into witchcraft and old ballad lore, and bona-fide historical investigation, as exemplified in a longish frag- ment on Mary, Queen of Scots, and a shorter one on John Knox. His first historical publication was, however, the " Household Book of the Countess of Mar, the Lady Marie Stuart." It was dedicated to James Erskine, Esq., and contained a portrait of the Lady Marie. After his father's death in 1843, his mother had settled in Edinburgh, and Sharpe resolved to do the same and private inclination, as well as slight bodily infirmity, kept him for nearly twenty years a fixture at No. 93, Princes-street, Edinburgh, which he styles that entitled, lawyer-riddled, and deserted city, where all the women and all the men are virtuous, though the children dance waltzes, write love letters, fight, flirt, and conceive in leading strings." There he continued to add to his collection, and ever kept up a warm friendship with the literary men in the Scotch capital.' Scott and he-they now understood one another better-were great friends and close companions, and we find Scott consulting him on many matters. Sir Walter was naturally much interested in the work which Sharpe now undertook to edit, " The Secret of the True History of the Church of Scotland, from the Restoration to the Present Time by the Rev. Mr. James Kirkton. The value of the history was much enhanced by the copious foot-notes, full of wit and learning, appended by the editor, and several sketches. To it was annexed the narrative of the murder of Archbishop Sharpe, from the pen of James j Russell, one of the assassins, which Scott I advised him to collate. Sir Walter reviewed the whole work published by Ballantyne, in 1817. So early as 1842 Scott had written to Sharpe in reference to their jointly compiling a collection of striking and absurd stories about with craft, apparitions, demonology, Sec. This project came to nothing as a joint undertaking, but it prebaWly led Sharpe to append the " Letters on Demonology " to his republication of Law. His mind for long ran in this vein, and his beautiful etching for " The Witch of Fife," James Hogg's poem, is instinct with the character of his study. He continued to lay his hands on everything that was ancient or eccentric in rhyme. At one time a fourth volume of the " Border Minstrelsy" was contemplated, but what he had collected for this purpose was ultimately given to the public in the shape of a ballad book printed for private circulation in 1823, which was accompanied by an etching after the German school and a vignette after Hollar. Sharpe felt keen grief for the death of his mother in 1836. Leaning his and her home in Princes-street, he settled for life at No. 28, Drummond-place. There he continued to dwell, executing frontispieces for various books, publishing an occasional song, reading much, making many annotations on his books, but writing very few letters. His last letter extant appears to have been written in 1849, and in it he mentions having seen Rachel Felix act, and heard Jenny Lind sing. In 1850 his health visibly gave way in March of the following year he died, after a short and not very painful illness, and was interred beside his forefathers in the family mausoleum at Hoddam. His death was felt as a personal loss by many in Edinburgh. Evangelical CoNrEiiEXCE.-The London correspondent of the Scotsman says that already about seventy representative members of the clergy and laity of various Protestant communions in Great Britain and on the continent have announced their intention to attend the great council or conference of Evangelical Protestants which will be held in New York in September next. It is thought that from four to five hundred gentlemen on this side of the Atlantic will accept the invitation of the Evangelical Alliance. Even at this early stage of the arrangements the citizens of New York have offered a sufficient amount of private hospitality to ensure accommodation for a thousand delegates. The movement has been taken up with great warmth in Holland and Germany, and in PruEBia the Government has granted the facilities necessary to enable the State-paid Professors to visit the United States during the sittings of the Council. 