MA1TLAND. From our own Correspondent. The other day, Mr. Kditur, a most curious ad venture befol mo. Heing out on a rambling ex cursion, I was suddenly startled by a monstrous rat. Such a rat, tuo ! I never, in all my life, beheld so sneaking, so crawling, so loathsome uu animal. In outside appearance the creature seemed foul enough, but upon a closer inspection I discovered more repulsive qualities than I could nave conceived it pojairne tor any Druto or tlio Bpecies to possess. 1 believe that this very iden tical rat is somewhat noted for its periodical visits to different localities. It has been hennl of, I lind, in Wanvt'ah, whure il waa oncu almost worried to death for poking its nose into a cur tain pantry. My dillicully is, that 1 uiu not quite able to determine to which species uf vat my specimen belongs. Upon consulting an uu cyclop.'edia I liml that ' the common brown rat (muadocumauus) is a bold animal, which makes its way into drains of foul water, and abounds in seaport towns ; it is extremely prolific. ' Tho second species of rat is ' the black rat (raus rattus);with a sharper muzzle than the preceding; it is equally omnivorous, but less productive; it usually fixes its abode in garrets and other lofty places; its original country is extremely doubt ful.' The rat to which I allude has been dotor miuod to puzzle me. It is a bold animal, which delights in fou! water, and all kinds of drainage; it seems to prefer seaport towns, audyet it dwells in a garret or any lofty placo where it can hidu its tail. The name by which it 13 generally re cognised is not well known. It is really a bold, forward animal, venturing even at times into newspaper offices ; but from its apparently distinct features 1 experience a certain hesitation in deciding to which class of the rat tribe it be longs. I am sure, Mr. Editor, some of your readers will enlighten my dulnoss on this' point, and on many another I make no doubt- 1 shall bo very much obliged for any information which jnay tend to elucidate the mystery surrounding the animal in question. My rat has unfortu nately vanished, but should any person see ouo of the species in Newcastle, I trust to such per son to inform me of its probable .vhcreabouts. 1 havo an old terrier, and I could hiro one of those individuals carrying on a particular trade who would, for a couplo of shillings, soon hunt tho rat out. I could not think of doing such dirty work myself — I'm sure. No fear ! We aro to soo some sports on Saturday next if the weather permits. Tho Albion Cricket ground has been chosen by Bird, tho pedestrian, as the spot at which foot races will be huld. Some four or live races are advertised, tho prizes being liberal. Tho Mercury mentions that a dozen drays, laden with tobacco leaf, passed through Maitland. on Weduusday en route for Morpeth. The to bacco was grown on tho Allyn River, and is forwarded to Mr. Punfold, the well-known Syd ney tobacconist. The Flood League is now in full working order. Circulars havo boiii issued inviting tho co-operation of influential gentlemen in all the townB along tho Hunter. The meeting on Mon day last, wonderful to say, swallowed all the rules at a gulp, that is, passed them all in one resolution without oven requiring them to bo submitted seriutivi. This shows that consider able confidence was placed in the committee, and, judging from the pains tho committee havo been at to produce a satisfactory constitution it is to be hoped, the league will work well. Tho only point which is doubtful is whether tho unanimity wincn, at present, Dinus tno com mittee will .continue. It is a very difficult question to answor, and must bo left entirely to experience. Party fooling, and not only that, but personal feeling, runs very strong in Malt land, and, I am very much aftaid, it will now and then cast ' a wet blanket' upon tho ' white heat.' It iriay have no lasting effect, it can but temporarily damp tho ardour of the over eanguino ;? but still it' will cause an unnecessary delay in matters which, if they are to be done, should be.,' done quickly.' A meeting of the discussion class, connected with the School of Arts, was hold in the hall of the institution, on Thursday (yesterday) even ing. Mr. Steadi'nan occupied the chair.' Mr. Thackeray had stated on the occasion of the previous meeting, that he would offer a few remarks at the next. However, he put in no appearance. I trust ho is not indisposed. Well, Mr, Steadman opened the adjourned discussion on the subject of flood prevention by referring to the Newcastle Chronicle of Saturday last. Of '-, course, Mr. Editor, he 'pitched' into me. He applied some interesting anecdote. of his own '.'acato coinage, to me and to himself. I really forgot its purport— in fact, 1 very much question whether he knew it himself. He reminded me of the credulous peasant who went to the clergy man of his parish and told him with great con . aternation that he had seen a ghost. 'Where am you see it I * said the clergyman. ' Why, said Diggory, 'as I was going, an1 plaso yur reverince, ' by tho church, right, up against the wall I sees the : ghost.' ' In what shape did it appear 1' ' For the world like a great donkey. ' ' Go homo- and hold your tongue,' replied the clergyman, 'you are a thin-skinned, timid, creature, and have baen frightened at your own shadow.' ? -.Mr. Steadman kindly offered me Borne advice, bo, in return, I would advise him not to make himself -ridiculous by placing him. «elf in situations where hia infirmities are tho Most to bo percieved. Mr. Irving, after a short harangue on flood prevention, alluded to tho Newcastle Chronicle. His opinion was that tho letter alluded to would ' do more good than harm.' Mr. Irving said the ' lash was very necessary at times,' and lie happens to be 'one of the few ' who aro sensible enough to under stand the true spirit in which Solomon wrote, 'spare the rod and spoil the child.' Mr. Cracknell was the next speaker, who mentioned tho correspondent of the Newcastle Chronicle. He made a speech dry and crisp as a biscuit. ' J?or his part,' said he, 'Jho was too thick skinned to bu pricked by my pen.' He advised the mooting not to take notice of my letters — to do just as ho did — novor mention them. And by way of carrying good advice into practice he talked about the Newcastle Chronicle for a quarter of an hour. Now, Mr. Editor, is it not strange 1 The meeting waa callod for a discussion on flood prevention, and yet live, out of eight, speakers held forth for some considerable timo on the Newcastle Chronicle and ' Your own Corres pondent.' Flood prevention is evidently a mis nomer, and this is my reason for omitting to mention tho three persons who ' stuck to tho subject.' Some wag inserted an advertisement in yester day's Mercury, offering a prize for tho best pouin and pun, to bo ooinputud for on Tuesday next, nt thu School of Arts. Ouo can easily guess who thu jutlgu of Uiu pun would bu — the presi dent, of course. June 10th, 1870. 