ONE-AND-TWENTY.' BY PIR0EDERICK WILLIAM ?OIIIN0BON. CHAPTER VIII. "PIIILIP Farley," said my uncle, "I hope we thoroughly understand each other; at all events, I hope you thoroughly understand me. I am going to send you back to school for two years and a half-to a school of my own selection, whence you will be enabled to make a fresh and better start in lifo. During those two years and a half your holidays will be spent here at my house, so long as you be have yourself. Ingratitude or misbehaviour, and out you go, my boy, as sure as fate. When that fresh start in life is found you, I shall have fulfilIed my promise to your father, and you will part with me to become your own master, and to learn the art of self-de pendence. I began at an age as early as your own, and I find myself none the worse for the experiment. And now, don't build on future favours, friendships, or legacies from me, or you will assuredly be disappointed." That was the longest oration my Uncle l3archard made in his life, and possibly took a longer time to deliver than any speech of the same number of words from the days of Demosthenes. Every word was uttered slowly and deliberately, and deep breaths were drawn twice at least in the course of a osentence, my uncle's respiration being a pro cess of labour. The preceding address took place in the formal front parlour of Uncle Barchard's house, three months after my 'father's death. It was a Sunday afternoon. Uncle Barchard reposed in his great leathern chair by the fire, vith the yellow silkl handkerchief which inva riably covered his face during after-dinner naps still hanging in fanciful festoons from his large but well-formed head. My cousin Ellen sat on a stool at his feet: a dark-haired, black-eyed child of twelve years old; a child with a thoughtful, pretty face, that gave promise of being prettier in the time to come; a face unlike anything that I had pictured in my boyish imagination, though there was a softened Barchard.look about it which stamped the child the daughter of the stout man in the arm.chair, ncross whose knee her small ibite hands were clasped. My cousin Ellen and I had become very good friends since one roof had sheltered us, therefore she listened to her father's address to me with an evident interest. When Uncle Barchard had concluded, I soaid in a low voics "I understand, sir. You are very kind." " You go to school next Wednesday," said he. "Latin and Greek, and all that rubbish, are very well in their way, but let figures stand Al." "I will pay great attention to figures, sir." "Figures for a tradesman's son, who has a living to get-nothing like figures !" "Is he going far away, papa?" inquired my cousin. " Sixty or seventy miles." "Will he have many holidays?" asked Ellen. " A month at Christmas." "0 ! what alittle," exclaimed my cousin; 5' but the schoolmaster will let him come to ~see us, now and then, papa?" "He'd better not," replied Uncle Bur chard, sharply, "or he'll be a pupil the less. Philip must work hard at school." "'I will, sir." , "No losing time-no idleness over book and slate.' Philip Parley has a living to get." SThoselast words "Philip Farley has a living to get," were always my incentive to exertion when the school world was around me and the temptations of the boy to idle ness were strong. Never forgetting Uncle 3Barchard and my duty to him, never forget ting that it was my place to seek to deserve his confidence; and remembering that he had said one Sunday'afternoon that I must work hard at school, I worked hard and did my best. It w~e my intention when I commenced this story of my life to linger on the neutral ground, and speak of a few school incidents in which I tobk my share. Btt, the road beyond the gates of my old school is long and .winding, and there will be barriers enough to stop my way and turn me from my path.: Therefore one glance at the sbhool days of Philip Farley, and then for sterner business. I gained few friends at school and many rivals. I had gone there with the intention of striving for a good name on my master's books, and succeeding in the effort I lost a great deal of that boy-friendship which, acting otherwise, might have fallen to my share. I found.the boys at thatschool very like the bigger children in the world's school out side, alwaysenvious of him who gained the prize. We struggle but a. little harder when the prize is greater, and our years are riper, but; the same passione work within us as when we lived in fear of the ferule and task- book. There were plenty of sneers and taunts from my cotemporaries when it was dis covered that I thought more of the lessons before' me than of the playground outside where the fun and the fights came off. .I tdoek my share in the latter on, two separate occa sions, after the senior members of the school had objected to mny perseverance, and taken the liberty of pulling my hair and knocking the books out of my hand, and have some satisfaction in recording herethat I 'came of. victorions--but damaged-on both ocoasions, some Betheel Green practice which I had had turning out of material service to me in those periods of emergency. I do not know.whether the result of the fights, or a certain aptitude for figures, was the cause of my receiving the cognomen of " Hard-head; " 'but from the time of my dis putes at school until the day when I shook hands with a hundred boys and said good-by, that appellation was invariably substituted for the name of Parley. There is no need to speak of all the school friends I made. I saw no more of them after I left Cliff HIouse for good. They parted from me with a thdusand protestations of writing to me, of coming to see me, of ask ing me to their own homes, and then our separate ways wore chosen, and we met noever again. Of one school-rival, almost an enemy, I shall have more to say ere I close this chapter; meanwhile let me dwell for a few moments on my school progress, and on the progress of the lives and fortune of friends loft behind in London. Uncle Barohard-as the reader is aware- had decided on giving me two years and a half education. He extended that period six months ; consequently I was more than oixteen years of ag'e when I recited my last leseon. I gained several prizes during my stay at school' -they were hardly worked for and hardly won. I had no great share of natural ability -other boys learned their lessons or wrote their themes in half the time-but my un flinching exertions generally placed me head of the class, a proud position for me when the annual school-report went home to Uncle Burchard. One thing alone I was naturally quick at-in one study I surpassed even my masters. I have had reasons to be very often: thankful for that gift during the course of a somewhat chequared life. Nothing in or out; of an arithmetic book came amiss to me; the' most complicated enigma that ever the brain, of man wove into a net-work of figures asn "a clincher" for the last pages of a'Walk inghame'or a Colenaso resolved itself. into a plain straightforward sutm after ten minutes examination. I have read somewhere that the study of statistics goes far to deaden the natural affections, that they whose lives are. spent in numeration-speculatoro, men at, banks and counting- houses-are men of a hard unyielding disposition, who cannot ehter into the romance of life, and who do not understand it. There is truth in the:assertion., I have met with men who would havepassed for calculating automata, and enjoyed as gieat a share of life in that state of existence as their own,-men of the Gradgriad-school, .to whom facts are everything, who never opened. a work of imagination in their lives or be lieved poetry to be anything better than thi, wanderings of a troubled brain.. I have found a degree of callousness too in men of' this class. I have discovered in myself many years of whose life have been passed at the desk'and ledger-often a sternness and a:. coldness that I should have been better with-. out. I gained many prizes and added them to a, few sixpenny volumes which had been rewards of merit from that cheap day-school.(two-. pence a-week was the charge for instruction in writing, reading, and arithmetic) situated. in the vicinity of Harp-street, Bathnal Green. Every Christmas I returned home to find my cousin Ellen taller and prettier, and always: watching for my coming-to find Uncle Bar.' chard as stout, taciturn, and grim ne ever. Pleasant holidays they were to me in the Christmas time, with cousin Ellen for a com panion-my former life had been too full iof. hardships to deem the silent, old-fashioned house of Uncle Bronhard a dpll sphere for mo,-pleasant holidays, though my amuse'' ments consisted of a walk with Ellen Bar-' bchard's governess in a smoke-dried London: square on wintry afternoons. Every ObChrist man-day I went to see my stepmother, who had obtained a shop-woman's place at a large confectioner's in Bishopsgate-street. The last Christmas when I returned forgood I'found my stepmother married again and about to: start for Australia with her husband. I felt a shock when she told me of her marriage; but it would have been folly to suppose that she wai to ever hold sacred. the. name my. father had given her in Bethoal Green church. She had done her duty by my fatrher in his lifetime, and had truly sorrowed for him when she was left alone in the world; now al ehhad: chosen a husband of her. own age,.a husband. with someof her own :energy, and ther vwas: a prospect .of a happy life in the:fiuture-s comfortable, home in a new land where the name of Tackeridge was unknown. It has been a consolation to me-hofteoi amidst pressuire of business which has made' ny.nights sleepless and my brain hot--to re ceive, during many after- years, homely let ters from my stepmother, tokens that hbih terest in.me had not died away,.and.miarkls t:' an honest affection which lasted with hetr:life.: It is sufficient to 'say here thaphes'andhbr 'er husband prospered ini the .ew.' worldd' and lived happily enough together. : Nyspath was not destined to cross my second mother's over again; 'and so she passes .fromn thesea pages, and this humble history has done with' her. Time worked its changes also with my uncle and his employers. 'Messrs. COrailesy and Hodkins' dissolved partn'erhshi, and the'. business was transacted on. Mark-Lane in the name of the former gentleman: Then my uncle became extra busy and preserving in -'Mr. Crawley's service, was seen at the Bsnk of England selling out, and finally Mesrs, Crawley anhrdBarhard became good names on the Corn Exchange firom that time forth. I have spoken of a certain school-rival, 'the only boy out of a hundred whom I met again after I had made my second start in life. IHe came the last year I was at Cliff House, i and immediately attracted attention from masters, ushers, and sebool-fellows. He was then a tall, well- made boy, of. nearly sixteen: years of age, with one of the plainest, and yet one of the most striking faces I have ever be hold-a dark, mottled, swarthyface,.that had been burnt up in the Wast India islande until within a few months of his arrival at.Cliff House Academy. His eyes were black aqd small, but of that piercing kind which gave a fierceness of expression to the whole tace; his nose was thin and sharp, and inclined'to be hooked like a bird's; and his thin blueielh lips did not add anything prepossessing to his general appearance. 'The whole head wasee small and ill-shaped, and his hair was cropped' close to it in a style far from elegant or pi! turesque. He resembled a mulattomore thiso'h: the son of an English gentleman.;: and the facetious boys of the .school used, to call hin' Sambo till he knoeked them down with, his hard, bony fists, and kicked them when they were down. Rumour circulated through the school that his father, Mr. Tregancy; had died in Jamaica, beque?ithing to his soa?p,''d daughter an enormous sum of money, of which they were to come into possession at the age of one-and-twenty.. Master. Treganoy ber tainly seemed to have 'an inebxhauistible flow' of pocket-money thaL. was the envy and ad' miration of every pupil of good old Don-. tor Groves, and the reckless manner in which' a half-sovereign was changed and got rid of" took away.the breath of the coolest of us. John Treganecy-Blnok Jack was a titlesby which he was more familiarly known-was,. without doubt, a very clever youth. He hlaid. received a good education in the West.Indies," and had made the best of it" He wne rather p roud of his abilities too, though he masked his pride with a studied air of carelei int, difference which deceived most of the boys at Cliff House. I believe this John Treganoy, during the time he was in Dr. Groves's establishment, did more moral harm to his sobool- fellowe than the half dozen or so of black 'shqep' that were ahlready there- idle, lying, swearing black sheop, which the best of largo oohools "Veseess, though tiheir masters may doubt:my "'s~ir'tiohi. Tregancy was different from' most i,boye--heowas a sneerer. 'Men, old in the world and the world's sin speak contempt uously 'of all that is good, juest, or holy, and freeze the blood of their listeners; but there is something n more awful in a boy whose feet have not crossed the threshold of his school discoursing like one hardened by the rorld, and thinking his talk manly. -:Tregancy sneered at everything--had a :ready'jeat for 'everything. Boys who were fonidof their brothers and sisters at home, br":iere proud of their big brothers and the :tipsthey got from them in thie Christmas 'bolidaye-boys :who cried when mother, sis f'ter,?or brother was ill, or who whispered tlhe ':Lord's Prayer before they went to sleep in their little beds; boys who exhibited anay 1affedtion 'to 'their tutors or each other, all came.in for.a share of Treganoy's sarcasm. 5:s:kgreat deal of this heartless manner was of course assumed, forT'Iregancy plumed him e1elf'spon the utter indifference to everything n,the 'world, and was never more unnatural " wia" vhen he strove to impress us with his callousness. But there was far from the purity '"f:yjouth inbhis heart or his'brain, and the ex 'aiple wast~ i' bid one, and many of the weaker "intnded boys-naturally imitative-began to rewagger ind'sodcoff and aim at being miniature Tregancies. Striving for the prizes he looked i'n e as weakness; making wry, faces behind our prayer books when we sat up-stairs in the gallery of, the old stone church was an nc ogmplishment, if we did: it well and escaped 2the glance of our preceptors. He had'sn un pleaeant habit of feigning a cough ten times ;more:violent than whooping-cough, and going .6ffinto:paroxysmsduring church-time which .alarmed, the congregati6n for the safety of his blood-vessels; and if he oo'uld only make the aboy:next'him to 'laugh when Dr. Groves was ;dreading the psalms fbr the day to Iis hundred asholars, he was easy in his mind. ' I''The first few months after his arrival, Tri~egancy'paid me a great deal of attention. t"'e made me a present of 'some shells and ;b'aiosities which he had birodgh horod' from tli`e WkSt Indies, bd 'invariably chose me for his ct6mipanion "wben we' all went out two 'ib'"noast for our nsual 'evenirig walk. There vids' dismgerous attraction in the lad too; he kn~w more than 'we did; he had been in iiother land and codld relite stories concern.' ii~' it,'ddscribe scenen' and characters with a iimore ithan common ability, thlioUgh the stories were not:always "the most select, and the characters in his .scnes were ofton of the vilest ,clas's. Tregancy strove hard :to wean me from an darnestattentioi to Imy studies. He laughed .at me, he' sstirisedmy twelve-monthes', labour for ,a. silly book, he even flattered me; but ']i,:iter, isatire, and flattery were all to no .purposo,?. . , . .. . ' ?Iyoufr place, Treganooy, it might beowell enough--- but not in.mine.':.. ",Why not?". '9 }W.e were strolling.round the playground two sober senior boys-the uproar of a school Jet loose ringing in our ears I: ;I repeated' my unPcle's words ..' S"Philip Farley will havingbaylivin g :to 'get when he leaves here.'" :f.iThere are plenty, of ways of gisting a living. uI don't think .that: you will starve in Lonidon..a 'year hence, if you laos' the first prize this time." e" Perhaps' note rn But I would begin to learn my' lesson of itfe here-si life l'the :desk." .': -i's' Horriblei! I should give up the ghost in a 'ddunfing-hiouse." ' ' lAh ! you 'will have plenty of money." S"And 'yoiz-plenty of enose," with a short laugh. "I wish you joy of yopur puossession, 'Ferley. ASense will never 'get a mao' through the world." -1 "Not common seonse? i-i should like a little of uhat.'" :' . " Com mon'sense-pooh I " " 'What' will get a man through the world, then ? ":'. "His wits." '".Not always." -"'i Wits keen 'enough to overreach 'your iibghbour,' to 'pooket his goods as well as envy ihemwto tiuist in no one's faith, not even in that' of' your wife, if ;os are ever afflioted with one. Believe in what. you see, 'arley, 'aid oinly in 'what' you see, nothing more. "'' Don't'like your advice, Jsck Tregancy.' , Wo the.. devil cares?" retorted he. "'You'll practise part of it, I dare say,'if.you live to havetails to your coat. As for your present, practice, sobersides, that's only to be laughed at." ,," You dislike perseverance ?" ""That'depends upon the object. I would neverwork hard.for a book." "Nor I." "For what then? ' '." For the honour of being first in the class -first in Dr. Groves's list-head boy at Christmas, with more work to show then any bf you." ..His deep-set black eyes flashed a little. ,."For the paltry pride of being 'cock of the walk?'" with a short laugh., ":, Yes, that's it." -"For the pleasuire," in a soft drawling tone, "of going home to your respected parenlta'--or uncle, isn't it?-and saying, Splease, uncle, I have been a good boy, and I have got the first prize, and no one else in the scobdol can hold a candle to the light of my intellect. What are you going to give the good boy, uncole, for all this ? " I ehen't beg.". ' ",You shan't have the chanses next Christ mas," replied he, quickly. "You shabn't be first in the class 'or on old Groves's list, or have the greatest number of marks to show." : '"Shan't I?" " No." "Will you hinder mo, Treganoy ?" .",To, be sure I, will. I saidthat I would never work hard for a book; but I'll work my brains out to'spitesyou5 and then I'll tear the prize to pieces before your face." "When you get it !" "I will get it." " 0 no I you won't." Treganoy and I became gradually warm upon the subject, despite our assumed airs of perfect self-possession; and after exchanging a series of aggravating retorts, more or less uncomplimentary, we parted for the evening far from friends. Troganoy commenced the race next day, and devoted more attention to his studies. Ro informed those boys who were curious on the subject, that he had resolved to win the rizo that year for thomere sake of "throw 5ng Hard- head overboard," and related also his intentions with regard to that prizeo when it came into his possession. It wns an exciting race, and many heavy sums of pocket-money and next year's lplum-cakes were wagered oa the event. . I believe that I was principal favorite in the betting, my character for strict attention to my books standing highest in the school, but there were many boys sanguine as to the success of Black Jack, "if hlie would only," as a youth of nine confidentially observed, "keep up to the scratch." I strove hard for the first prize; I had set my heart upon it that last year of my school life-but I found Tregancy's marks accumu lating and gaining fast on mine. ' It was the custom at Cliff Honse school for each boy to receive a certain number of daily marks according to his position in the class, and to award the first prize to him who hIad accumulated the greatest numlber of strokes in the mark-bookl at the termini tion of the year. There were no separate prizes for separate accomplishments, but tihe general ability of the scholar was attested and rewarded in the 'first, second, third, and even the twentieth degree, when breaking up time came round. I kept my place in algebra, mathematics, arithmetic-in everythling which brought my calculating gifts into play; but the marls which Tregancy scored in the classics, in composition, &c.;, considerably excelled my own, and bid fair to outnumber me in the grand sum total. There was a certain care less ease in his efforts which was particularly galling to one who laboured more arduously at the task, and his taunts, when any ill suc cess of mine in certain branches of educa tion placed me loweo in the scale than he, often brought us after school hours to the verge of blows. But I never gave up-I did not even relinquish the endeavour to win tlhe prize, when I discovered about a month be fore Christmas-day that all .attempts were hopeless. m we The bitter sense of diiappointment-tho sinking of my heart within my breast-I will not dwll upon. It wai a boy's trouble. I have had'troubles, disappointments, heart siiikiings since for the loss of the prizes in my nimanhood; but that' first disappointment was felt acct?tely, though the scars of those that followed were, and are, of greater depth. Tregancy and Iwent home together in the railway-train. .Our routolny for many miles in the same direction. We were both leaving scho'ol for ever. He was triumphant; I was dull and taciturn. My prize-" the second" -was lockedup in my school-box. Tregancy carried' lis-the book of Shakespeare's works, handsomely bound in blue morocco and gold-in hislarge bony hands. It was a very rainy day, and there were few travellers by our train. We were in a first-class compartment. I had put the rest of my pocket-money to the second- class fare Uncle Barchard had forwarded me, resolving not to be outdone by Tregancy in. the last scene which we might play together. We had the carriage to ourselves. Twelve miles on our journey, when Tre ganoy said-? " You're sulky, Farley." "No, I am not, Jack." * "You are sorry that I won this.prize ? ?' "I am sorry I did not gain it, Treganey; but you deserve it fairly. I am not.envious enough to withhold my conigratulations." "Thank youi. but I don't want them; keep them till.I do." S"Very well," Iresponded. Hesat facing me,,hia swarthy faesiooking more dark than usual in the shadow of the carriage that dull wet afternoon. "YoiL remember what I said about this book ? ?' asked he, with a peculiar glitter in his small eyes.. " Some nonsense or other, which you don't think anything of now, I hope." "I never forget, and I always keep my word. My old father used to say that the latter was my.only good attribute." He lowered the window and the rain came pelting slant-ways in upon us and on the spring cushions of the carriage. "What are you going to do, Tregancy? I hope you will not be foolish-I am sure that you will think better of it." " No." ''If there was any bitterness in- the strug gle in which you came off first man, forget it, Jack; you have the best of me." " No." "I oewn you have beaten me-shake hands." "Not yet." SHe opened the book; his dark hand in strange contrast to the white pages which he crumpled rudely in his clutch. "Don't tear the bookic!" "Three guineas will buy as good a one. Do you thiok:I care for this book or its value? I said that I would win ithe prize; now I will show you, Farley, hew I care for the prize in itself, or the honour it has brought me." I-Is tore out half-a-dozen pages and threw them fl'om the window. 'I made no further attempt to stay him. I turned up the collar of my jacket as a weatlfer.guard against the pelting rain-drops, and then layr back and gravely seirveyed the onslaught on the Bard of Avon;. Tregancy took quite a delight in destroying the botk--the exultation of a mischievous in fant-and the fewer the leaves that remained the more his good temper.increased. It took a'coneiderable time to get rid of; there were nine hundred and odd pages, and seiome of them came out reluctantly, and were hastily sworn at for their trouble. What the occu pantis in the carriages in the rear theught of the flight of gilt-edged leaveswhich the wind kept sweeping by them fezor a full quartbr of an hour in an uninterrupted succession, I know not; but it must have given rise to a great deal of speoulatioe, as Hanilet, Macboth, Othello, and the rest of the-immortals went fluttering by the carriage.windows, making a track on the line, catching in hedgerows, and dotting here and there the green meadows and embankments. The work was finished at last, and Tre ganoy, after an ineffectual effort to divide the covers, and breaking all his flinger-nails in the attempt, which I was inwardly delighted to see, tossed the morocco and gol after the leaves, and lay bhack in his seat with a Mephistdphelean smile. . "There " " Do you feel 'better?" "01 yes, thak veou." " I think we may as well put the window up now, don't you ?" "It is daumplish.." After the window was closed, Treganoy stretched "out hii hand. " Now I'll shake hands, if you wish it." " Not if it is any trouble to you." " ()On the contrry, quite a pleasure', I assire you," said he, politely. " Then I am at your service." We shook hands together. a Furley, you are a queero fellow," said he, with a laugh. " I think you have a fair claim to the samne honourallo title, 'regancy." " Do you know, Parley, when I came to Cliff Hlouse I took a fancy to your solid, business-looking, owl-staring face. I thought what a capital comrade you would make me; there wasa little of my own nature in your cbnfounded coolness which I liked." "You soon got tired of it." " No-yes.", "Which monosyllable standh for the lo'an aver ? " " Which you please; the latter probably; I don't know. Sometimes I like you, some times I think I hate yoiu. I wonder whether we ohall ever meet again 1' "I think not.", "You do not care, perhaps?" " What good would arise from the ac quaintance of John 'Tregancy? Candidly speaking, monre hIri.thlna good, oh?" Very likely. My fatter used to call me -so used everyone else, by the way-a bad boy. :Bad boys don't make good men." " Solnetimes. " Whou the bad boys reform, andl try very hard to ie good. I shan't do that." '" I believe yon." . " I shall go back to myr Fiardian amnd my sister, andl earn the art of spending money in all its branches. Think of me in my cariage when you are hard at work at compound addi tion." " A pleasant thought." " Al! you laugh ; but I should like you less, Farley, if we could chnigo places. 1 should hate you theun in real earnest. I am an envious " " Man ?" Iaddod. "No; a boy with an envious man's heart." "You are in a sad way, Tregmncy. Who is your guardian ?"' . One who lats me have my own wayr-a capital fellow." Ah i those capital fellows who let us have our own way-capital fithers, mothers, and guardians, how many of them break their foolish hearts over us when.the hour is too late to besfirm, and the way i to ruin I "The counting-house and the carriage will never gl'ee, so weare.better apart," I said, reverting to his first topic.. We thall begin our years of discretion from very .different sttarting-points." • "I shall be glad when'I am one and twenty.'?' "Why ?" " To be my own master.": -: "You have your own way .now:; what more would you have'? " "My own house, my own carriage, my own money." ' ' : "cHappy one and twenty! ". I thought, with perhaps a little of that envy of which he 'had owned the possession, and the poison of whichl might have inoculated me. '"You don't come into any property at twentynone, do you, Fa'rloy ?" ~"O,·no !n.` ,: " Did not your'fither leave you' anything when:he died ? " S"His blessing": '' ' : ' "You fool ivWat's the good of that? "' "It miay make a bright man of me; who ]knows? " " I don't see how. My father died'with a blessed lot 'of'money, and that's miich better. My father wms a:gentleman; what wris yours ?" .; "You are curioius." ' ' "' " O ! is it a secret?" " I'm not ashamed of it-a baker." "Good God !" The son of the gentleman leaned back and looked hard at thie son of the baker. His feelings were shocked fors a moment; but Tregancy soon recovered his equanimity. " Ah ! I see now. And: your uncle has taken yout by the hand. Is he rioh ? ?" "I believe so." " Got any family ? " " A daughter." '"Stick up to your cousin, then, and you are safe." - Excellent advice from a boy of sevehteen; King Solomon could not have given better. The carriage rattled on towards London, and the remainder of the journey we spent together was full of home thoughts and of those who were waiting for us at our journey's end. The train stopped at Rei gate, and Treganoy broke the long silence by eaying "I get out hero. Good-by, Parley." " Good-bye, Trogancy; best wishes." He must be a very bitter adversary with whom we canndt feel some sympathy at parting-perhaps for ever. "Are you going straight to business ?" "Yes," I replied; "you, I hear, are for Oxford." i "After a little preparation with a rusty old tutor at home; what a life I shall lead him." "t eigate I Roigate! R oigate! " cried the guard outside. "Well, good-by, Farley; plenty of luck and pleasure in your new life. You may get the first, but devilish little of the last, I take it." Heo opened the door and sprang on the platform. " Good-by." " Good-by, Treganoy. The train began to move. 'With a hand on the window of "the carriage he walked slowly by its side. ' "The best of friends must part," said he lightly ; "so a, ro'eoi." "'.Au reCvoir, oh ? " "I' shall turn up one of these days. Somethling tells me I haven't seen the last of old Phil Parley. I say," added he, after a pause. "What's the matter?" He withdrew hii hand from the carriage window; he had reached the oeid of the platform, and was standing in the rain with a traveolling-cloak thrown across his arm. "You did not get the first prize at Oliff House, old fellow, ha ! ha i " "Never mind, I may find another prize in London." " Makeo sure of it before I moot you, then, or I shatll win that, too." He lauglheod heartily at his own rejoinder. The carriage rattled on and woe weont ourt separate wayse-- ho to Ii i home, his tutor, and hiscollego, td his education as an English gentleman, and I to Uncle Barchard and to bsinessj--business which lhas made many an Englligh gentleman, too, before and since the time ofl Philip Farley. CtIAO'Tit IX. " So you've come bok."' That was my Uncle Barchard's first saili iation when 1 nrrived at his house ia the Southwark lridge Road, and found hlimn poring over his accounts. lie did not rise and offer to hahke hands with me, and only a momentary glance from eyes which had not yet descended to the use of splectacles ac knowledged the presonce of his nephew. lBut Un-cl Banrchard's manner did not deter me from miy advances. I went close to Ihis side, and extended my hand towards him. " I aim glad to see you, sir." " Glad to get away fromn shobool you mean, Iod," he answered, tendering his hand with considerable reluctance, as if it was somei thing very valuable, and not to be entrusted recklessly to everybody. ', And how's Ellen, Mr. Barchard ?" "Very well. At least I suppos shae is; she don't say anything to the contrary." He drew away his right hand, tool up his pen, and went on withi his calculations. "I fear that I am disturbing you, uncldo. You are blusy." " I am," he answered drily, " viry." 'I was in the passage, and in the act of gently closing the parlour doer behind ino, when he called ":philip." I stopped. "You'll find Elleu in the drawing-room. You havet dined ?" "Yes, sir, thank you." "I shall want a littlefilk with ?jbu after ten." " Very well, sir." - " Don't wait tea for me. ,Tell Ellen that I have had mine." After issuing these mandates he turned to his books again, and I shut him in with his maniflld accounts. I found Ellen Barocard.in the drawing roosn-that old-fashioned, gloomy apartment which had so astonished nme with its.grandeur wlhen I stepped into it from Harp-street. It seemed smaller and diiigier than when I had seen it last, hut it ewas a baclkgranndl to set off the tine portrait of Uncle Bailchard's daughter. How mny cousin Ellen-hitl grown in the list year--nlmost a wonmah! Ilow handsome shei had grown, too, and how well tile thunghtful lookl, habitual to iher from hler childhood, became the fair features on which it was imlnpressed. She came towards me with both hands ex tended. "How glad I am to see you back, Philip -never to go to school again, too !" I do not know what made me bashful. I was taken by surprise, and she had grown so 'much a woman since our last meeting, that I was too much ashamed to greet her with my usual brotherly kiss. ' I wrung her hands warmly in mine, though. I was glad to find myself welcome in one quarter at loeast; to find that Uncle Barchlard's daughter had not grown cold with maturer years. " How you have altered, Philip. What a man, .too i" "Ahl! you are jesting, Ellen. Why, you are nearly as tall as I am. You are quite a young woman." ''"Of coirse I am," said she, laughing at miny:surjprise. . "Ani ?'I: not fifteen years of age ? Fifteen, only think " " A year my junior, Ellen-don't . be proud." " And so you have' conme homo for good no more 'chool, no more tasks, no moro prizeds. I wonder," she added, reflectively, !' boys are not moroesorry to leave'schlool." "Why 'elshoould they be sorry, Cousin Ellen ?" "Boys seem happy at school, and men are all stern, and look full of care-at least all whom I have seen-imy father, Mr. Tackoridge, and Mr. Ciaawley. 0! " said she, with a comical little shudder, "I would not be a man for all the world." I should not have cured to have been as dull and heavy as my uncle, or to have re sembled Mr. Tackeridge, or to have been like the senior partner in the Thlames-street mills--tlhat dapper little old gentleman, with wrinkles enough in his face for half-a-dozen septuagenarians. Not for all the world, as Ellen Barchard said, not for all their money. We talked of my school-days, of what had happened at Cliff House during the last year, of my fight for the first prize, and how Trogancy won it. My cousin Ellen was as disappointed as myself. "Iam sorry, Philip," she said; "'I am very sorry. I wish that you had won the prize this year, and brought it home in triumph, cousin. Pa will be vexed too, though he will not own it," she added, slyly. "Never mind, it can't be helped; there's the second prize in my box." "What a clever boy Master Treganoy must be, Philip i " " ITndeed,' "I remarked, jealously, "why?" "To have won the prize from you! " " Why, Ellen, you will make me vain ! " Icried; " am I so clever, then?" " I think so." "Thank you." " Mr. Orawley was here last week, and my dear papa spoke of your return. He said he thought that you would make a bright man of business, you were so, so-" "So what ?" asked I, feverishly inquisi tive. "So, so-I really have forgotten, Philip. It was so, so--something." " I dare say it was." I was oruelly disappointed. Here was my cold, phlegmatic uncle delivering a favour able opinion of me-the first that he had de livered in his lifo, perhaps-and now my cousin Ellen had forgotten the most im portant part of it. Yet I felt very proud, despite my disappointment, to know that Unelo Barchard's interest in me was gaining ground. Ellen brought the topic round once more to John Tregauey. She vexed me slightly, shel was so interested in my boyish rival. She looked disappointed as my relations of that young gentleman's exploits continued, and was justly indignant at his treatment of Iis prize iwhen htle andl came home together in tie raiiwny-earriago. During my narration, Mary the maid brought in thie tea- tray, placed it on the drawing-room table, and retired. This re minod me of my uncle's message, and I communicated it to my cousin. "0! that tirosomo business-the moro it incrolsol, thie more papa shuts himself in thie front parlour away from mo." "Do you find it dull hero, Ellen ? " " asked. "Dual, Philip ?" " You must ire very much alone." "O ! I road and study a groat deal, and I go to Mr. Tackoridgo's occasioeally, and spend the day with Annio, and sometimes Aunnio comes hero, and now and thea-not very often-" with a sigh, " papa takes me for a ride in his chaise. O e no, I amr not dull." " I am glad to hoar that." "Besides, theore's-" Ellen stopped. The handle of the door turned, t!e door opened, and to my utter amazement a tall 'lady in black entered tihe rdom-a tall lady of about forty years of ago, with a pale, deep-lined face, cold grey eyes, cold thin lips; a poectral-looking lady, whose appearance owas far from cheerful, and who threw an immounse chill over me, from whlichl I did not recoveor the remainder of the evening. Boys in general are not possessed of a largo amount of mannors-I was not an oex ception to the rule. As the lady entered I sat and stared at her, my eyes and mouth wide open, my hands on my knees, my hair half inclined to rise on end. " Mrs. Holts, Philip," whispered Ellen. Who was Mrs. lolts ? Where did she come from ?-what did she wrint in Uncle Barchard's house ?--why had I never.heard of her before? PMrs. iolts walked at a solemn pace-she almost glided like a ghost -round the room, and tookl her seat.at the head of the tea-table, while I, still a prey to profound astonishment, sat in the same rapt attitude observing her. "Mrs. Holts," said Ellen, addressing her, "this is my cousin Philip, of whomn I leave very often spokren. Philip, Mrs. Holts." " How do you do, mar'am ?P" I muttered. "bEow do you do, little boy?" she answered, in a huskcy voice. Little boy ! I was never more offended in my life. "I'm very well," Isaid, totally forgetting to.thank her for Iher lind inquiry. Mrs. Heolts commenced pouring out thie tea. "It's almost timo,.Ellou," said she, in tihe same rasping tones, " that you assunied this place; I am only an usurpor." "'Little girls look oll-fashioned at the head of the table, Mrs. Holts." " I am-you take milk and sugar, Master Farley ?" " If you please, ma'am." " You hiave journeyed a great number of miles to-day, Master Farley." " Yes. I lrave." I hadnot taken my eyes off her yet. I could not malke her out. ..I was particularly anxious to know whether sile was any rela tion to Mr..Barchard, and why she was. sit ting at the head of. the table. with that face of care. The mysterious Mrs. Holts addressed a few more questions to me, the purport of which I Ihanve quite forgotten, and the re sponses to which I delivered in a dreamy, rbsent manner, that must. have strongly suggested the idea of my being half a fool. When I had recovered from.my first shocokr, I could not help remarking that'Mrs. Holts spolke with no.little effort, as if it were an effort to break arway from an ab sorbing thought,, and that she had.an un pleasant iabit when addressing me or Ellen, of staring over the head or shoulders of something behind, which had a curdling effect, andput me in mind of people who were ghost-hanunted. But I got over that impression when the tea-things wore:cleared away-not being a lad particularly nervous -and Mrs. Holt had seated herself in theo remotest corner of thie room, as though the glare of thie table-lamp was painful to her. '"Are your eyes weak to- nighrt, Mrs. Holts ?" asked Ellen. ':Very, my dear." Mrs. Holts began a fancy- work with two knitting-pins-rather finue fanoy-work for weak eyes I thought- and Ellen and I talked of the year that was fading away, and of the incidents each of us had wit nessed in it since thie time I went away to school, twelve months ago. Ellen talked a great deal of her father-all that Ihe had said and done for twelve long months. "Uncle Barehard must love her dearly," I thought, for no daughter could love Iher father better! I tried to change the subject to Mrs Holts, and dropped my vbice to a whisper for that purpose; but Ellen was full of her one topic, and we were still discoursing'upon it when Mary the waiting-maid re-entered the room. "If you please, Master Farley, master wishes to know how long you mean to keep him waiting ?" I sprang to my feet; I had forgotten the wish my uncle had expressed " to have a little talk to me," and beat a hasty retreat from the room, and went down stairs to Uncle Barchard's sitting-room. cnAPTER X. I found the account-books carefully put away and my uncle by the fireside reading the Times newspaper. He laid the paper down as I entered, and motioned me to a seat on the opposite side of the fire. "Now Philip, you sir, why didn't you come before ?" "I was talking to Ellen, uncle, and-" "You know I do not likre to be called uncle. It's not the first time that I have told you that." Uncle Barchard was not in an irritable mood. I have said before nothing seemed to seriously affect him, and he admonished me in the same deep tones and with the same grave inflexible look that characterised everything he did. It was the more cool ex pression of his opinion-Uncole Barohard was never angry. I offered my apologies and took the vacant seat. "Well, how have you got on at school ?" "Pretty well, sir." (' Only pretty well ?" "I did not get the first prize, sir." "Whodid?" "A new boy, sir,-Treganoy." My uncle took his penkrnife from his pocloet, and began paring his nails. "You lost the arithmetic prize, then ? " "There was no special prize for arithmo tic, sir. I wish there had been. I got tihe greatest number of marks for that, Mr. Bar chard. "That'll do. Figures, figures, for Philip Parley. Figures for a man who wants to get on in the world. Never mind the prize you lost; what' was it ?" ... "Shakspere's works." "Shaksproe-Shakepere. I've heard that name boefore. Was lio a Methodist?" "No, sir, a poet."'? "Bali ." My unclo's reverence for the immortdl WVill was as ldeoop as John Troegancy's. "Philip Farley," continued my uncle '(he was very partial to addressing me at frill length), '.' how old are you?:" " Sixtoeen." " Close on seventeen, are you not? " ; I: S"Yes, sir." " At your ago I was a clerk in the very mill of which I am now a partner. Will you take me for your example ? " "'If. it please you, sir." "Tlhat mill ],asaltered very much.in:my time. There were once two clerks in- the counting-house,. nowethere are six. 'Ishall malke room for you and have seven." : "You are very kind, un--Mr. Barchard.!' "You will hlavoe-I.do not intend to screw you down-sixty pounds a year .to .begin with." . Sixty pounds a year to begin with! startling announcement. I should .bo a rich man in no time. . "Thirty pounds of which will have to be paid for board and lodging." That made a decideddifference. Ishould not be rich immediately, at all events, and my rosy dreams of sixty sovereigns for poocket-money faded away into thin air. "What else I put towards that board and lodging don't matter to youl just yet., When you can afford it better you shall pay :the lot." . "Thank you, sir." "Do you think thirty pounds a year enough for you ? " "'Yes, sir." . "Try and save, boy. If you have a spare half-sovereign, and are- ever tempted~ to spend it on some trash, alter your mind and drop it into your money-box." : I thought all this very good advice.' "And remember -this, no man' ever got rich by his own exertions who did not save money in his youth." . . ' . "It is not all that have it to save, sir. "Alh! you're thinling of your father. Well, well,.but, those who have. it to save and don't are the fools of the world, aad-rt the sport of it." . : "I'll1 try to save, sir." I uase of a saving turn; the trial, would not be a: great on . . . . , -r.. "Do you kIrnow' anything about. one hun-, dred .and. twenty-three ' pounds, fourteen shillings, Philip Farley ?. ' "I have not forgotten it, Uncle Barchard -oexouse me, sir, I must call you uncle now and then-I am not likely to forgot it." " He must be a very simple man that can not..save one hundred and .tweonty-three pounds fourteen shillings in .his lifetime.. I expect, to be paid.'.' " You shall, sir." -.. " I don't know but what I may want the money." . , - :..,: .' I Ihope not." .. "If you pay it before you are fve-and twenty, I'11 lot you off-the fourteen shillings and all the interest." SThat was an, inducement;i . but I was rather puzzled at the reason,for my ungue dwelling so long upon the subject. I was grieved at it also. It seemed. as if hgi re grottodthat. loan, which tool ,a heavy load fidm my poor fath'er's heart. " All the interest-remember that:" , "I will remember, sir." "One hundred and twenty-threa pounds fourteen shillings-it'e a heap of money' !"' I was silent; painful remimnisceces rqse Up before my eoos,: conjured .by these numerals. The shadow of the .past fell athwihrt the pyeseiit, and the g'riim early life came back tio me. ' 'He chlianged tthe'topioa. "I spoke of .boairl and lodging, that re minds me of what I told you one Sunday afternoon before you.weont to school.. Jiist pay a little more attoention, and don't sit thinking there." I woke up from the dark dream-land. : ' "I said that during your school-time this should be your home." "You did, sir." "You leave here next week to begin life for yourself." ' ' I bowed assent, but my heart felt heavier.. I had had a visionary' idea of Uncle Bdi chard's home remaining mine, and of a cousin I should love.like a sister, and befor ever a brother to. - Mhy unole and hie daughter were the only ties of kindred, and he waee going to sunder them, or at least weakon them by separation. ButI, felt it just-I had no right to. claim my unclo's home for mine. He had been more than. kindto me -he had given me a liberal education, he had saved me from' a low and wretched life,' and was pointing out the path to honour and distinction; it was not my place to murmur,: but be thankful. Still I felt the sense of loneliness very strong upon me when I' thought of going away, and strangely enough Troganoy's expression wandered tomy brain that moment, "stick up to your cousini and' you are safe." Did Undcle Barchard that night-he was a keen and observant man think perhaps there.might be some danger in cousins living beneath the same roof,' and that Ellen and I were better parted before' our hearts and thoughts grew older ' "You may come and see us once a week' Come every Sunday to dinner, if you like. And Philip 1 " ' . " Sir !" ' "You will be your own master--I have faith enough in you to believe that youa will try to be the' master of yourself. If I lose confidence in you, I have done with you." " You never shall lose confidence in me,; Mr. Barohard." ' "Say that two years hence, when the brain is hotter," said he, shortly. . i. " May I ask, sir, if you have any advice to offer meconcerning my future arrange ments?" "Your lodgings, you mean?" "Yes, sir." " I have found a place for you," saoid he;' " but, you are neither compelled to take is nor to stay in it. Consider yourself entirely your own master." I listened with great attention,. " I am acquainted with a family who will board and lodge you; .the name is Edon." SEsden, sir?" ' "Yes, do you know the name ? " "Thero was a Master Esdon, whom Isaw once' going into Mr." Taokeridge's front' garden." "AlAh! yes-same family-oircumstances greatly reduced since then." Indeed, sir." ' ' " Which 'Mastor E]dond did yo"uidaotlilt ' day? " ; ". Idon't uhnow, air." " Of course you don't. Well, next week, if it please you, you will becomo one of Mr. Eaden's family-he does not live far from here. Do you know the Dover Road ? " "Near London Bridge, sir? " "Thnt's tihe planco; you will go tlheoro, un derstand once more, your own master, with perfect liberty to chnngo your residence and to shift for yourself in any way you may con sider besoat." " I do not suppose that I shall avail my self of your permission air." ". You can give up the mills, if another and better place offer, and I shall discharge you as I would any other servant of mine if you neglectmy business." "It will boe my duty sir,-" . "That will do," interrupted Mr. Barchard. "I detest professions. Do you want any more advice ? " "If you please, sir." "There anro two sons-Esdens. I know little of them, save that they are millers' clerks; but remember, one youth easily leoads another astray, and it is never a difficult task to go down hill." " "I am not easily influenced, sir." "I believe it, and therefore I wish you to legin the world at an early ago; no better lesson when a lad is steady, no worse when every knave can lead him." Unole Barchard paused so long after this observation, that I rose to withdraw, taking his silence as a hint that the conference was ended. " Where are you going ? " "I beg your pardon, sir, I thought you did not require my attendance any longer." " I'll tell you when I have done with you," said he; " you need not be in a hurry." I: Isat downagain. * "I told you when you started for school, that Philip Farley had a living to got, did I not ? " " You did sir." \- ' " Let Philip Farley think he has a for tune to got--he may got it by three things thought, calculation, perseverance." After another long pause as though he wished his advice to sink deep before he poured on my understanding a fresh stream, hoewent on. "Philip Parley must never think a fortune is waiting for him; he will not get a penny of money at my death." "I do not desire it, sir; I have never dreamed of it." ,:""I-havo a daughter to provide for," he continued, "you must provide for yourself. Youjbegin at sixteen, say seventeen years of age, that leaves four years to one-and-twenty, oh?" -'"Yes, sir." ' "Four clear years to lay the foundation of a future fortune. At. one-and-twenty I ex pect to see progress. A man starts then for once and ever." :," At twenty-one years of age I will tell you how I stand with the world, sir." "Good," said he; "now go to Ellen and Mrs. Holts." .:" Mrs. Holts is my cousin Ellen's governess, I suppose, sir ?" I made the venture-my curiosity on that point must be satisfied somehow. * "No." " .'",0! the new housekeeper." "''" Housekeeper, ah I yes, say housekeeper.' " And-' "( Good-night." "What, sir?" " / Good-night." "I shall see you at supper, sir." " I don't eot suppers now; 'they disagree iiithu me." Uncle Barchard took up the newspaper again; the conference was ended. I was at liberty to return to my cousin and to the lady who might be housekeeper to the Barohard establishlment, if it were my pleasure to think so. , A brilght tlnhought Hnalshel upon inn aq I went Iup-stcirs towards the drawing-room. Perhaps Uncle Barclhnrd was going to marry again, and tbis was hlia intended. I settled that at once ; it made everything cldar on the instant. I wondered whethler I should be asked:ito .the wedding, and what kind of costume tIhe happy couple would wear on tihe oooasion. And Ellen, what sdull life for her, with, her.silent father and her no less taoiturt mbther.in-law for companions ! ' The' remainder Of the evening was spent witli miy cotnusin in the drawing- room, with Mrs. Holis hard at work with her knitting in tbie' background. I kept a striot watch on Mrs. Hnolts, from the corner of one eye, and fincied "that she seemed rather depressed in asiirits who was shortly to become a blushing bride' b'ut then, perhaps she did not wish to Smiirry Unclo Brcnhard, or perhaps Uncle BTErchard did not wish to imarry her.. I facbied that I should riot lnhave oon very anxiolis on ithat latter point myself, had I been my reapePtive relative. " Wh.en I ,was in my own room that night, my.little,b;ck bedroom, from.which I was to ae banished for .ever ,in a few more days, I forgot Mrs.. Holts, even my cousin Ellen, in thougBhts of the new lifo before me, ntd of all that, I tad promised Uncle Barelhard. Shoulil Iperform all thoseo prominies or fiil half-way and loPn my ..unc!'s corfidence. for ever? Should I ever pay the lnndrei. nnd twenty tl|er 1gppinds fourteon' shillings, and my father's nnlno b "scratcihed off that small ac oount-bhook which Mr. Barolhard always carried :in thn hireast-pocltet of his coat Sopulid I have laid a fair foundation for my filuro at tnn-and.twenty years of age? I'waitedn;nd looked forward to my twnenty filrst yenr.i,t lt epoch hoeyond which lieo tihe great battla-ground of life--wnaited, looked fogRyrd,iJoped. . : . John Tregincy, in his gentl"eman's lhome, wa$9-.loilkiiig, fnirwnrd too, !iitif dcnnming ltht higfiglh~woujdbe a ligiht one: foo lhe wasclad in golden mail. Dream oit' ;Tregafncy-dreim on Philip Farley-dark i tdhi veil hi-foro the :fture, and tlio'effiyreni'i?imurch to one-and-twonty'is on afiunkniow? torid..i . , gfrh!! ' 1.[- .4f ' c b?ocontinued.) Deception, hypoorisy, and dissimulation azp?.ir,ept compliments to thopower of truth; and tho common custom ofpassing off truth's coun torfeit for herself is strong testimony in behalf of her intrinsioc beauty and escel lepeo.( ·\hm o lv Mlakeo friends of none ini whom you have not implicit confidoncoe-whom you cannot trustiq all.places and .at all seasons. Tho best frioridchip you can makeo is that which is based upon those feelings which spring fr9q tho obapervanceof sactred truths. 