NEW ZEALAND. THE PARIAKA' MEETING-THE ARRIVAL fiFTITn TCOWAIMT On the morning of the 21st September intelligence was brought to Pariaka that Tito Kowaru was close at hand, and the natives at that village left for the purpose of welcoming mm in weir usual styie. ivicn had a branch of some tree in his hand, which, as they walked, they waved above their heads, at the same time uttering a cry of welcome. As Tito Kowaru and his fol lowers drew near it was found that they were 80 men and 6 women. The men are described as being very powerful, and were dressed in the usual bush costume— a plaid shawl fastened round their hips, and shirts over their bodies; and in the head of each were white feathers. Tito Kowaru, with his one eye and horrid-looking countenance, was superbly dressed for a Maori chief. He wore a mat made of very fine native flax, the fringe of which was composed of green and white feathers. On his head he had a cap formed from the plumage of some black bird, and in the centre, standing up in front of the peak, was a scarlet feather. Beneath the mat might be seen a plaid shawl, which was tied round his hips, and which reached below his knees; he also had a new plaid Crimean shirt. On Tito Kowaru coming withinspeaking distance, much was said both by Mr. Parris and the rebel that it would be impossible to put on paper. Accusations were made ou one side to be repudiated by the other, and vice vcrsd. The Civil Commissioner called on his natives not to look upon the man who had defiled himself. Tito Kowaru abused Mr. Parris in return, and so Wed nesday passed. Tito Kowaru was then invited into the village, but before entering, when about 100 yards off, they all discharged their firearms, and came forward with their guns unloaded. On the Thursday Tito Kowaru expressed a wish to hear what all the talk had been about. He said he had been a long time dead. Mr. Parris then stuck up the sticks, and explained the whole that had been done ; and Te Whiti came from his platform, and again put the sticks under his feet. Ngairo, of Wairarepa, said he was in favour of the King. Tepini said that Parris had spoken of what was perfectly true. The Europeans had sent missionaries to them first, and they had directed them to look up to heaven. Afterwards the Queen had come, and whilst they were looking to heaven the Europeans looked upon the soil. 'Those were the wicked things that arrived with the Queen,' continued he, holding up a gun; 'those were the teeth which the Queen sent amongst them to bite them.' Mr. Parris said he had nothing whatever to say about the Missionaries. That was an old story. When the Government came to the country it brought a [good many things with it no doubt, both good and evil, for Satan always followed the works of God to try and destroy what He did. Nothing was perfect in the world whilst Satan was striving all he could against God's works. Tito Kowaru said to Te Whiti, after he had put bis feet on the sticks, ' I have heard what you have said. If those (meaning the King and Government) are to be no more, who is — who is the person?' Te Whiti-' It is I. I am the only person.' Tito Kowaru— ' By whom were you begot ?' Te Whiti parried the question, although asked it many times. At last Tito Kowaru said, 'Who is there behind you?' Te Whiti— 'There is one Father, one Son, and one Holy Ghost ; alto gether there are three ; yes, they are three, yet are but one, and that is I. ' After some more bantering between these two chiefs, Mr. Parris got up and said there was only one way of settling the thing ; that was by allowing the leading men of the country to meet the Governor, and to talk the matter over, and try to bring about a better state of things. Te Whiti was somewhat excited at this, because the natives seemed to agree with the Civil Commissioner's remarks, and some of Tito Kowaru's people cried out 'Parris is rieht.' Te Whiti said, 'I see and hear. You all approve of what Parris has said; even Tito Kowaru's people are withTum. G o every one of you with him, and fulfil your heart's desire — kill and eat each other, rob, get drunk, commit adultery, sell land, make roads — do everything the wicked are in tended for — but don't look back on me afterwards.' Mr. Parris said, 'The task must be gone on with. The roads must be made, and (stretching out his hand to Whiti) give me my children, that I may go and do it.' Ts Whiti made no reply, but endeavoured to laugh it off. Tito Kowaru, coming into the centre with a bright double barrelled gun in his hand, said, 'I have come to Pariaka. I now return to Nga timarn. I shall turn my back upon Tauma* tamahce and Tawhana (meaning the whole of the Ngatimaniapoto). Tawhana's work is his, and I have nothing todowith it. My eyes j,urn to Ngaire and to the sea. My mind night and_day is only thinking of Ngaire. I wul never strike another blow unless I am attacked. If my f«c« u scratched I shall retaliate. Oh, all ye people assembled, 1 now bid you farewell. : 1 go to my camp for the night, and in the morning leave on my homeward journey.' Several asked him to stop, and asked him if he was angry by his leaving so quickly., He . said.— ' No ; but what is there in the talk? I have heard what you said, but I don't see the end. It is useless. You call the people from the right and from the left— you say nothing no more.' Tito Kowaru then rose, and he raid : his followers left in a body. Thus ended the Pariaka meeting, over which much excitement has been occasioned all over the colony. ..'.;'. , 