TIWI IN THE IHM (MI; OR, THE LOVE POTION. Bv LAWRENCE LINTON, AuBiorof " Jlearts tluil ÍHIJILT," " Fot tune Idling," ,1c, ile. CHAPTER VI. A POST OE DANGER. Not more than fifty paces from the border of the French camp were the masked woman and jier noble companions, when fell upon their ears, causing them to halt, a deluge of oaths and maledictions. Francis perceived that the imprudent indi- vidual who was thus apostrophizing heaven and all its saints waB none other than tho archer placed as sentinel without the Mirabel Park. And to direct their steps towards the village of Laghetto they would be compolled to pass almost close beside him. " There," said the king in a low voice, " is a -gallant who makes much noise, and very poorly guards tis. He is making himself an easy mark for Pescaira's sharpshooters, and might be easily surprised by any of his Bcouts." " I wager," responded the admiral, " that our gentle companion will turn the angle of the park under his very nose, and that bo shall not BO much as ask from hi.r tho password." " Have you any desire to try, my love ?" de- manded Francis. "I am ready to obey your majesty's orders," she softly said. " Go, then !" She advanced slowly, and with great precau- tion, availing herself, for the purpose of conceal- ing her approach, of all the inequalities of the way, and starting like a hare in the open field each time that a fresh oath resounded on her ears. " A thouaand devils !" cried the soldier, whom Faucheux by that favourite oath would have recognised for his comrade Goulard-" and may they all fly away with the man who has forgotten me and left me here at this infernal post ! I ought to havo been relieved two hours ago !" And with a constantly increasing fury ho dug the heel of his boot into the ground. At this moment the masked lady appeared before him like a ghost, and endeavoured lightly 'to glide past him on his right hand. " Halt there !" said the archer. | The messenger stopped, and submissively ap- proaching the setinel, said to him in the most amicable tone " Something seems to have greatly vexed you, most noble cavalier." "I am so well put out," replied Goulard, with a side-long glance towards her, " that to ease my mind a little, I am half determined to let loose all my rage on you " " Would not a pint of excellent Montcfiascone wine do you a deal moro good, most terrible archer ?" " A pint of wine," muttered the soldier, his eyes lighting up, " Oh, stop a bit, you can bo after DO good or yon would not have tried to quit the camp without giving me the pass- word " "I assure yon, Montefiascone is delicious j a pint of it would restore you to good-humour and make quite another man of you." " And whereabouts is that delicious wine ?" the archer hesitatingly asked. " I was on my way to my cousin Marfario's cottage to procure a few flagons," responded the messenger, and showing lum with a gesture the nearest houses in Laghetto. And if you would have condescended to hob-and-nob with me but it has just struck me that I must return to the camp, for I have forgotten the password." *' Never mind that," muttered Goulard. "Go on to your cousin's, and by the time we have ' emptied together the first flagon of Montefias- cone, your memory will no doubt return to you.'' " Thanks, most brave and vigiliant archer, I will take advantage of your permission, and in less than ten minutes shall be with you again." And off she flew like an arrow, but was no sooner fairly beyond Goulard's reach than ban teringly she called out to him " If you want some Montefiascone, comrade, you must wait until next autumn's vintage is over, for my cousin's cellar has been emptied by the imperial lansquenets." "Ten thousand devils," roared again the archer, his nose as red as a barn-door cock when about to do battle on his own dung-hill ; " she . has cozened me nicely ; but if ever she falls into my bands, I'll chop her into ten thousand little bits." Then he continued to storm and swear, devoting to the very hottest part of Satan's dominions the officers who had kept him there so long on duty. Meanwhile night har? gradually invested the neighbourhood with those vague and strango forms which so easily people the darkness with monstrous phantoms. ' " The archer's voice became less boisterous in ' its tone, and soon he cast around him uneasy ' looks, believing that he could distinguish steps, and breathings, and fugitive murmurings. He had, indeed, remembered an unpleasant jiredictionv of his friend Faucheux, the zealous . Catholic. Had not the latter often told him that he was wrong to make so dreadfully free with the devil, and that one day, tired of being so intimately invoked, his highness with the cloven foot would be very likely suddonlyto appear to him, and carry him away without any ceremony on the end of his pitchfork ? By dint of constant staring, his mind bewil- dered, and his eyes perplexed with fear, Goulard came by degrees to see every Btill and inert ob- ject around him on the move ; rushes and reeds, even trunks of trees and boulders of rocks, were creeping towards him, and swarming about him; and, more than all, he thought that he per- ceived, about twenty paces away, an enormous reptile-half-man, half-serpent-which, with a sinister deliberation, was dragging itself along the ground, then stopping and resting awhile, and afterwards commencing anew its threatening ascension. Tremblingly he was asking himself if Old Nick had assumed that shape in order to Bur prise him, when a resounding voice caused him suddenly to bound. "Holloa!" it cried, "here is a sentinel in very deep thought, or very fast asleep 1" The aroher wheeled round altogether as if he had been moved by a spring, and found himself face to face with two persons whose features he could not recognise, but whose armour and hel- mets of silver cloth sparkled beneath their partly opened cloaks. "Who goes there?" he tremulously de "manded; "give the password or you go no further." " The password, rogue ! A few minutes since yon could very easily dispense with that. You deserve to be speedily and loftily hanged for failing in your duty," added the well-known voice of Francis the First; "but you shall lose nothing by waiting, and so soon as I return I will not forget to attend to you." "Mercy!" exclaimed Goulard, letting fallbis arquebus, and prostrating himself before the king ; " they have forgotten me, sire, at this infernal post, and it was only fatigue that caused me for a moment to forget my customary vigilance." "A little fatigue, a great deal of fear, and drunkenness wholly, disreputable aroher. Luckily for you, I am in a hurry. If you would 1» pardoned, mention not to a soul that the | king and the admiral have left the camp To the whole aimy I am sleeping in my tent " " May ten thousaud devils ily away with rue, sire, it the great provost himself should draw a word from me about it, not even though he should apply to me the extraordro try question " " Luoush, said IVincis the 1 irst, "speak not so loud, and reuie'iibor tint in watehin,* over the safety of others, you are looking to your own " That said, the king and Bonnivct quickened their pace m order to lejoin their conductress No sooner did Goulard find himself again alone, enveloped in a darkness which grew more and more dense, than, thinking of the danger he had run, ho sot about shivering violently Ho rose from his kneeo in a greatly perplexed state, asking himself if it would not be prudent to draw nearer to the French camp, but he dared not take a single step , he fixed his eyes upon the ground, on the spot where he believed that ho had seen that deformed reptile creeping along, and it seemed to him that he heard a slight rustling noise behind him ne remembered the king s parting words, and mechanically repeated " He advised me to tako care of myself He must think, then, that I am in great danger here Does ho think that if I had anything to do with the living, 1 should not know how to defend myself? lie accused me of cowardice Very good I Know I should not be a match for a certain gentleman's pitchfork I should like to sec lum having a set to with Satan ' His reflections were interrupted in a very tor nble and very unexpected manner Two robust arras passing beneath his own, raised him from the earth as though he had been a feather, and he felt himself carried away bag and bag gage, as easily as though ne had boen a child io the arms of its nurse The archer was a vigorous man, but, paralysed by fear, he did not even attempt to resist, feeling convinced that he had to do with a supernatural being, against whom all human efforts would be utterly power- less Everything contributed to sustain him in that enervating and distressing thought, endea vouring to picture to his mind tho form of tho being into whose clutch he had fallen, be con- vinced himself that his abductor was a giant in shape, a lion in elasticity, and an ape in cunning and agility, and with whom could those three natures be formed into one ? Why with nobody, of course, except with that frightful Satan whom so often ho had evoked It was, then, true, his friend Faucheux's pre diction was at last accomplished, the devil in person was bearing him away His hair stood on end, and he tried to utter lamentable cries, but could not, for his voice stuck fast in his throat The monster rapidly descended a very steep hill Then the unfortunate Goulard, his eyes obstinately closed, I113 heart palpitating, and his miad in a state ot most uuuatural exeitcuent, persuaded himself that he was gliding down into the bowels of the earth, and that he should not stop until he had reached the threshold of the internal regions Ile imagined that he already felt the diabolical and red hot pitch forks digging themselves into his ribs and shoulders, saw himself suspended above blazing cauldrons, and heard the demons grindirg their teeth, as they frantically danced around their latest victim That furious race had lasted for more than half-an-hour, and the strong animal on which the archer was mounted had not at all slackened its pace, nor given the slightest token of fatigue -»'phenomenon which was not of a nature to dissipate the poor wretch's terrors, for such pro- digious strength exacted evidently a vigour more than human. At length voices were heard, flashes of light fell on Goulard's eyes, through their closed lids, singing, shouting, bursts of laughter from every side; ana then a heavy thump un- pleasantly informed the archer that without any kind of warning the malicious demon had thrown him to tho ground. no opened then one eye, but immediately re closed it-he had seen himself surrounded by a band of tuisereants, who, by the light of the torches that five or six tawny Moors were whir- ling, were howling, shrieking, and grimacing with most horrible contortions. "Now, Picaro," said to him an imperious voice, " look at me and answer my questions." Goulard hastened to obey, and saw before him a nobleman of short stature, with olive colored complexion, coal-black eyes, nose bent like an eagle's beak, and hair of a reddish hue, but in whoso keenly intelligent physiognomy there was nothing in the least Satanic. "I am your humble slave, my lord," he stam- mered, beginning to understand that he was still on earth and amongst his fellow-creatures. " May I venture to ask who is my judge?" " I am Don Ferdinand d'Avalos, Marquis of Pescaira, knave, and you can but have heard that I like not my timo to be wasted." " How ! can I really be so fortunate as to have it in my power to be of service to the em- peror's mighty general?" said the archer, drag- ging himself to tho marquis's feet. " Cease, friend, thus vilely to cringe and crawl, and if you would deserve my favour, answer me promptly and plainly. I command you to reveai to me all that you know concern- ing the position of the French army." "Alas, monseigneur, you are interrogating now the least curious man in all the world, and the only information I could give you would be to tell you that which, better than I do, you already know." " Indeed !" the Marquis of Pescaira ironioally replied. " How strange the difference between us, my brave friend ! 1 am, myself, excessively curious, and should bo glad to know how many lashes would be necessary to make you speak ? ' \- " But, monseigneur," exclaimed Goulard, in great alarm, " is it my fault if our generals have not thought proper to take me into their confidence ?" " Have you then no understanding, no pene- tration, miserable wretoh ? Have you then no eyes with which to see, no ears with which to listen ? You would pretend to bo simple and idiotic, but your intellectual countenance betrays you, and the enemy has not, I am certain, a more knowing soldier in his whole army." " I am very much obliged to you, monseigneur, for your good opinion of me, but-" " So that if you continue dumb, it is becauso you do not choose to speak," pursued Don Fer- dinand, " and my duty compels me to employ some very unpleasant means in order to looson your toDguo." " Merciful monseigneur, I swear to you by the holy apostles, that to gain your noble favour I should be delighted to deliver every one of my comrades into your hands, not even except- ing my dear friend Faucheux." " Fewer words and more actions, rogue, if you would not have your skin spoiled. Look at those Moors who are awaiting my orders to seize you, and who understand not a word of your French jargon." " Ten thousand devils !" muttered Goulard, and rubbing his back, " if you had but deigned to inform me of the service you were expecting from me, I would have cut myself into four pieces in order to discover the military disposi- tions of our generals; but I know nothing, nothing, nothing, miserable object that I am !" he added, while, at the same time, endeavouring to tear out a few handfuls of his hair. The Marquis de Pesoaira was not in the least moved by the archer's demonstrations. " Ah, my faoetitious friend," he said with his bantering accent, "you imagine then that people take the trouble to reach you, to surprise you, at the risk of their life, to carry you off like a delicate young girl, in order to spare you the tronble of walking ; and that when I ques- tion you, it will perfectly answer your purpose if you reply-'I know nothing, nothing.' Here, Abdallah, secure this obstinate fellow." One of tho Moors, a long and meagre person- age, whose nervous arms were bared to the elbow, approached Goulard, and loud hootings from the crowd replied to the poor archer's despairing oríes. " Treat him after the oriental fashion," con- tinued the marquis, "fifty blows with a bastinado upon the solea of his feet and as many on the knave's back. Should he survive all that, I give him to you to be your servant." Abdallah thanked the general with a smile which cleaved his mouth in twain like a horrible grimace, and displayed two rows of white and pointed teeth. Then he placed his large bony hand on Goulard's shoulder, and tho archer trembled in every limb. " Oh ! heaven leaves me now to be punished for all my sins," exclaimed tho soldier. "Fate had ordained that I should this night suffer. If i I had remained at my post, King Francis would j have handed me over to the provost-marshal, and now that I am safe from his »nger, I have tumbled into the claws of this infernal Saracen." Notwithstanding his resistance, Abdallah was forcing him away, when the marq*is hastily i cried- . I " What was that you said, rogue, touching the king ?" A sudden flash illuminated the archer's troubled miud., " Stop a bit, stop a bit !" he exclaimed, with great force thrusting from him the Moor ; " you luve not got me yet. Oh, monseigneur, a little patience, I entreat you. I think we shall be able to come to an understanding. Yes, yes, I am saved ! Presently you will thank me, instead of sending me to be bastinadoed by those infidel dogs." " Speak, then," Don Ferdinand said, with a smile. "I was very certain that Abdallah would restore to you your memory." " Make that lot of wild beasts stand a little farther off, general." The marquis signed to the Spaniards, who retired ; but the Moors did not stir. The archer's face waa radiant. " I am about, monseigneur, to aequaiat you with a secret for which you ought to pay me its weight in gold." " Our pouches, my bravo fellow, are void of ducats; content yourself, for salary, that you have escaped Abdallah's bastinado." Goulard sighed, and eyeing the Moor askance, resumed in a very melancholy manner " Know then, noble marquis, that less than an hour since King Francis left his camp." The Marquis do Pcscaira, started. " Impossible ! Beware ! Seek not to impose on mc with so stupid an invention !" " I swear to you thut there never was a truth more perfectly true," Goulard said piteously, and very uneasy a3 he saw how utterly in | credulous was the Spanish general of the great news just conveyed to him. " Certainly," resumed Pcscaira, " Franeis the i First is a most adventurous princo ; but that he should quit his camp like a simple marauding soldier is incredible. Say, knave, from whom gained you those tidings ?" " From myself, monseigneur. I was on duty. | The king found me at my post, and addressing to mc a few Courteous words-" " It is then true !" the marquis exclaimed, scarcely able to contain his joy. " To such a point has that great prince carried his impru- dence ! And you have all this time withheld from us such important news. Ah! you well ] deserve that Abdallah-" The Moor, hearing his name, was again ap- proaching the archer, but Don Ferdinand stayed him with a look, and continued in short abrupt tones " Let us not lose a moment, and answer me without subterfuge or evasion. If you have lied you shall be hanged. If you have spoken truth, your fortune is made." " Oh ! your kindness is overpowering, mon- seigneur," interrupted Goulard, moved even to tears. . " By how many gentlemen was the king ao- I companied ?" " By one only. " ODO only. Ah ! there I recognise the chevalier for whom danger has no existence." The next instant he added- I " And towards what point did he direct his steps ?" " Ah ! that is precisely what I know nothing about," responded the archer. Don Ferdinand was surprised, and looked fixedly and keenly at him. " What means that ill-timed jest? You saw him, spoke to him, and yet know not what way he pursued !" " Pray pardon me, most noble lord ; but I am bound to confess to you that when it is pitch dark I can never distinguish my right from my left." The marquis stamped his foot impatiently, and turning towards a soldier who was standing bolt upright a few paces from him, beside the torch-bearers, said " How now, Lupon ; what idiot is this that you have brought us ?" " Ile was no choice of mine," the man re- peated with a loud laugh. Goulard fixed a curious look on tho Spaniard who had been so daring as to seek him and carry him from the border of the camp, and who had borne him, fully armed and equipped, as easily as a horse would carry a child of two years old. He was a species of giant, whose vast chest, broad shoulders, and bull-neck proclaimed her- culean strength ; his enormous face, very florid and heavily bearded, his rather flat nose, his little twinkling eyes, and his thick lips, ox pressed at onco a light and heedless audacity, a contempt for danger, and a good and easy temper. " The devil take this idiot !" said the marquis. " What is to be done?" " I must go and look for another, I suppose," replied Lupon. "Perhaps I shall be luckier next time." "No, no," cried Don Ferdinand. "This fellow's disappearance must have become known, and a second attempt of the kind might cost you your life." ] " Never mind that," said Lupon, philosophi- cally ; " my life belongs to whoever will pay mo for it." " Yes ; but I hive so few soldiers who possess your intrepedity that I must not uselessly ex- pose them. I forbid you to repeat that bravado. With respect to your prisoner, see if you can draw anything from him ; I give you power of life and death over him." And the Marquis de Pescaira, perfectly furi- ous, strode away, followed by his Moora, torch bearers, and the greater number of the Spanish soldiers who had been present during the sceno which we have been describing. He was about immediately to send forth his spies to see what they could discover. Goulard was left alone with Lupon and two or three of his comrades, " Well," said the giant, with an air which had in it more of banter than of cruelty, " what am I to do, I wondor, with this clumsy archer ; a sentinel with neither eyes nor cars !" " If you ask my opinion, I would advise you to carry me back to the placo whenco you have brought me." " Which is as much as to say that you do not like our company," cried Lupon ; " well, now, 'tis very strange, for I have taken a great affec- tion for you, and would not part with you for all the world." " Ten thousand devils !" swore Goulard. Then smothering a sigh, he resumed, with much compunction, "If that is the case, master, I remain, and enrol myself in the emperor's army." " Not so fast," replied Lupon, " you lack manyqualities to make you worthyof that honour. In the first place, you swear far more than be- comes a good Catholio, and your new comrades would be most dreadfully shocked to hear you." "I should soon cure myself of that bad habit in your holy company." " How do I know you would conform to the fasts enjoyed by our church ?" " Do you take me for a Lutheran ?" cried Goulard, with exaggerated indignation. " And besides, you so badly guard the posts that are confided to you, and would allow your companions to be surprised and slaughtered with- out having time to say their prayera." " Once is not a habit." " And more than all, I understood by your exclamations that awhile ago you took me, a most admirable Christian, for the devil ! A most unpardonablo confusion, and not less in< lulting to my honour than humiliating to my self-esteem." " Satanis a gentlemanofgreatimportance,mas- ter, and is cringed and bowed to by many people well up in the world." " And from those various causes, I declare you to be unworthy to make part of the army of Don Ferdinand d'Avalos, Marquis of Pes- caira." " What, then, are you going to mako of me ?" Goulard, greatly puzzled, asked. " I am about to raise you to a position of which in your most ambitious aspirations you have never dared to dream, but of whioh I dare to hope that you will render yourself worthy." " Oh, you may be very certain." And the aroher grimaced an amiable smile. " From this moment," gravely added LupoD, " I take you into my service !" Goulard uttered an indignant exclamation " I, your valet-what, I, one of France the First's archers ?" " I confess it is that which BO greatly flatters me," the Hercules f&miliarly; replied. "You will not have much to do, merely to carry my provisions, my baggage, and the booty I shall obtain on the field of battle. As to tho arms, I consent to carry them myself." " But I shall succumb beneath the burthen," sadly answered Goulard " Until now I have known only the disagree- ables of war, so yon will see, my brave fellow, that it is time I should enjoy a few of the Bweets. I have no desire to flatter you, or to inspire you with immoderate pride, but you appear to me to possess all the qualities necessary to make a good valet to a gentleman soldier." " You are, I assure you, greatly mistaken !" cried the now exasperated archer. " No, no, I am a judge of men," persisted Lupon, " and I have no hesitation in declaring you to bo an impudent rascal, a guzzler and a glutton, a thief, a liar, and a coward ; only em- ploy all those defects in your master's service, J and then we shall get on nicely together." ' " But I am very awkward, and you will re- ' pent that ever you-" " A few days' apprenticeship, and the bas- I tinado first thing in tho morning and laBt thing at night, and you will soon come to understand your business." " I am lost !" murmured Goulard, in perfeot consternation. Next,Luponlooked over him with an astonished " This is shameful," he exclaimed ; " heaven forgive me. but I believo you have taken the liberty to be better dressed than your master ! Actually you are as brilliant as an emperor on a levee day, and you havo not yet thought of proposing to exchango with me your pourpoint, your cassock, and your now breeches for mine, which have thirty-six holes in them, and are more full of spots than the sun." " Exchange our clothes !" painfully stam- mered the archer. " Keally, my fine fellow, you have no1 suffi- cient consideration for your master's appearance," Lupon, with stern majesty, replied. " But these clothes are mine, my very own, and I will never consent-" " Another virtue which you lack," inter- rupted tho Hercules, " that of despising the perishable things of this world. Remember that your skin itself, your own skin, is but a rag that you should care nothing about. Shall I not be obliged to prove that to you when you havo been | guilty of negligence in your service." Then with a sign to the comrades who sur- rounded him " Come," he said, " undress this obliging I servant, while I am stripping myself for him." Fivo minutes afterwards, in spite of the pro- I testations and despair of the unfortunate Gou- lard, the ezchange was effected; Lupon's robust limbs were causing his valet's vestments to burst in five or six places, whilst the latter I was floating and shaking in those of his master, like a dognut in its shell. 