3Dije (Southern PUBLISHED DAILY. FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1870. THE rapid progress of political reforms in England, during the last two years, must be somewhat startling both to Conservatives and Liberals. The amount of work accomplished in the last Parliamentary session was enough to take away the breath of old-fashioned politicians. The abolition of the Irish Church Establishment would have been thought formerly a business of sufficient cumbrousness to require long years of legislation. Yet it is now a thing past and done, and its bitterest opponents are well nigh reconciled to it, and the present session bids fair to eclipse its predecessors in its tale of useful measures. A Land Bill, which promises to afford a remedy for the inveterate discontent amongst occupiers of the soil in Ireland, without infringing upon the rights of its owners, is, according to latest advices, about to become law, A coniprehonstio scheme of national education, which seems to possess the miraculous virtue of meeting the general need of knowledge and training amongst English children without hurting sectarian prejudices, or interfering with private exertions, is also on the eve of becoming no longer the dream of enthusiasts, but an actual realisation. The prevention of intimidation at elections is at length about to be secured by the adoption of the ballot. The odious Game Laws pre-eminent amongst the relics of feudal barbarism, and the most fruitful source of of agrarian crime are doomed at last. And the Universities will soon be restored to their original use of providing the highest culture for all, no matter what their theological peculiarities. i Such, let it be observed, are the fruits of less than two years of Parliamentary reform. Can any one doubt, then the excellent results of this change in the Constitution ? The ghosts of Lord ELDON and Colonel SiiiTiior.p may contemplate- with dismay such rapid and wholesale slaughter of time- honored abuses. But will any man of ordinary sanity now be found to deny that, contrary to the gloomy prophecies indulged in by the opponents of progress, these amendments of the law are calculated to add strength to the constitution of England, and manifold benefits to her people that not national ruin and death but national safety and health are their legitimate consequences that it is the hand of a friend and not of an enemy to the State which has wrought such measures? Thoughtful observers may regard with a feeling akin to alarm, the steady growth of pauperism in England, the severe struggles of the masses of the people for the means of living, and the large accumulations of wealth in few hands, but they must agree that if there any means by which the grand old country can avert the downfall which history records of other nations, it is by such timely applications of the principles of justice and wisdom as these measures indicate. It is the natural result of Parliamentary reform to facilitate those wholesome amendments of the law which bring new life and health to the State. For what does this phrase mean and involve? It implies the enlargement of the governing body, increased knowledge of public wants and sympathy with public feeling in those who control public affairs, and the consequent exposure and removal of festering, abuses. Grievances which are little known or cared about by those in authority so long as authority is the exclusive possession of a few, assume a new importance, and are brought at the same time within the reach of management and redress when power is shared by the many. The old true notion intended by aristocratic government that is, government by the best-with all the natural results of such a selection of rulers, is realised not by the exclusion of whole classes of the people from government, but by giving to every class a fair proportion of influence by its own representatives. Reason taught reformers to expect the good effects of such a policy; experience has uniformly shown their expectations to be surpassed by its actual consequences. By Parliamentary reform the mother country has entered upon a new lease of life, and she also exhibits to her children an invaluable lesson in the art of improving their political condition. That which has answered so well in her case will probably also suit theirs. The fearful risks which were prognosticated, but which in her case have proved so illusory, are probably not more substantial in theirs. In short-to bring home to ourselves the admonition what has proved of so much service to Englishmen at home there is every reason to believe would equally benefit English- men in Queensland. It is true that we are happily in many respects better off already than our friends at home. We have no Fenianism, and no cause for it. We have no one religious organization domineering over, and compelling tribute from the rest. We are free from most of the evils-the remains of bygone ages of tyranny and enslavement which still maintain in older countries with so much tenacity, their pernicious existence, having commenced our independent career at a time when the work of reform at home had become far advanced, and when enlightened ideas had grown prevalent. We have no such terrible pauperism and lack of the very means of subsistence as there is in Great Britain and in most parts of Europe, nevertheless there is work enough for reformers amongst us. There is gross unfairness in the unequal pressure of our public burdens, and the unequal apportionment of public benefits. It is doubtful whether the best talent and the best patriotism there is amongst us is as yet invested in the public service at all. Much of the energy of the people is misdirected, and much is wasted because of their lack of the information, the stimulus, and the economy which it is the function of Government to furnish. For example, and for the benefit of our Ipswich friends, as regards this latter statement if the railway were completed to its natural destination, and also extended to the now useless interior of the colony, this measure, which is properly a Government work, would prove in the largest sense a means of economy. It would utilise our resources, and it would diminish our unprofitable burdens. Our trade is fettered by injurious restrictions. Our public service is inefficiently performed, and much too costly. Our lands are not put to the best account. There is an almost utter absence of public spirit amongst us, so that it is looked upon as a natural and proper thing for a man to enter public life to see what he can get for himself, and the principal business of Parliament is a succession of unworthy scrambles for the emoluments of office. I All these mischiefs, and a great many of more are to be remedied by Parliamentary reform. They demand the enlargement of the governing body. An increase in the mere number of our representatives would be a great benefit, but an increase in the number and diversity of those represented, and a fair proportion in number between those represented, and their representatives, would be a far greater. The pick of one hundred persons is not likely, callers 2><i>'il>us, to be so good as the same number selected from a thousand, and there can be no just reason why he who acts in the name of a hundred should have the same authority as he who acts in the name of 1000. An improvement in the quality t of our representatives is to be looked for by the simple method of removing the penalties which now attach to the office, and which prevent most prudent men from undertaking it. No measure of reform t which does not include this provision, so plainly reasonable and demanded by the circumstances of our colonists, will be of 1 much advantage. TATTERSALL'S subscription rooms, at the Metropolitan Hotel, were not so largely attended last evening as had been expected, and, although there was a good deal of " turf that," the actual business done was rather limited. 3 to 1 was taken against Zenobia for the Maiden Plate; 5 to 1 each against Count Bismarck, Loadstone, and Formosa, and 6 to 1 against Izaak Walton and Seagull. In the Corinthian Grafton was taken at even against the field. Premier stood in first place for the Brisbane Cup, 2 to 1 being laid about him, 5 to 1 against Barrister, and 6 to 1 against Roanoke In the Tally-Ho Stakes Nimrod and Victor stood on equal terms at 2 to 1, and 4 to 1 was booked against Toby. Duke of Athol stands at about par in the Turf Club Handicap, and 3 to 1 was taken against Bnrristor. 40 to 5 was taken 1 about Dandy for the Cup. 15 to 2 was booked 1 against Grafton pulling off' the Corinthian, and Premier the Cup. GO to 1 against naming the winner in each event was taken. KATH Kit an important operation was performed at the Hospital on Friday last. Mrs. Watson, late matron of the Servants' Home, had a cancerous tumor removed from her breast, and is now progressing favorably. On Saturday, a man named Murphy underwent an operation for dropsy. He is in a very dangerous state, and little hopes are entertained of his recovery. On Monday, a boy named Jacob Hill had his great too accidentally cut off with a blow from a tomahawk. He was at once taken to the Hospital, and up to the present his progress has been satisfactory. 