OUR AMUSEMENTS. ethiopian minstrels. ' ' In the name of the prophet— grins ! It is well that our sable friends (and brudders) at the Prince of Wales are providing nightly for, at any rate, a large portion of our community some cacchinatory antidote as a sort of "set- off against the present all-tearful state of the city. And Mr. Punch is delighted to see that, for once in away, the good folks of Sydney are alive to the tact, and evince their con victions by continuing to crowd the house nightly. And not only of fun does this charming entertainment consist, but there are scattered through the programme, here and there, some bits of most sweet and touching pathos ; and in the unaccompanied quartette — of which, by-the-bye, Mr. Punch would wish there were two instead of one each evening, the rendering is, in every respect, perfect. These alone would guarantee a visit from any real lover of music. The band of the 18th recalls one's days of boyhood and " Bombastes while the " Ghost in a Pawn-shop," as the concluding farce— and it is well for the sides of the audience that it is the conclusion — with its clever local hits and all-pervading fun, sends the people home on the broad grin, in spite of rain and regardless of wet feet. the victoria theatre. The production, on Saturday night, of Mr. W. H. Cooper's new sensational drama of " Sun and Shadow," caused quite an excitement in the theatrical world, and, in spite of the wind and rain, attracted a crowded house to witness its first representation. Judging from the enthusiastic plaudits with which the various sensational situa tions and the several excellent and truthful scenic effects, together with the capital impersonations of the artistes engaged in it were received throughout the evening, it may safely be written down a decided hit : and not only on the first, but upon each succeeding evening have large and equally enthusiastic audiences, by tlieir hearty reception of manager, actors, scene- painters, and last though not least, the author himself, proved how thoroughly were appreciated the efforts of our colonial author. The opening scene, representing Balmain, Darling Harbor from Stornway's residence, North Shore, the moonlight scene at Governor Bourke's statue, showing the harbor and revolving light in the distance, the scene on the gold diggings, and the sensational effects of the flood and sudden disappearance of the hut in the raging waters and the rescue of Madeline, were all cleverly arranged, and elicited loud and prolonged applause. The scene from Tattersall's long room was not so effective, and the character and behaviour of the occupants of that sporting sanctum were too much overdrawn and unnatural. The play itself is well and cleverly written, though upon the first night many sayings were introduced (commonly known as "gags") not over palatable to our ears, which are now excised. The piece was well and strongly cast, and every artiste engaged in it appeared determined to do justice to his or her respective part. Mr. Holloway gave a very good rendering to the character of Mark Stornway, and Ralph had equal justice done him by Mr. Douglass. Mr. Simm.s utterly misconceived the charac ter of Tobias Truckle, which, had it partaken more of the Peck- sniffian and less of the vulgar burlesque, might have been made the principal feature ; and, besides, he was terribly imperfect, and in de claring his love for Madeline, killed the scene by almost sitting in the prompter's lap. Rapid, an insignificant part in itself, was, by the clever and vigorous acting of Mr. Hoskins, especially in the last scene, made much of. George Leopold, as Dick Nuggets, was exceed ingly happy it is one of the best impersonations of this clever actor, and called down, as it deserved, frequent applause. Vamp was badly conceived by Mr. T. Leopold ; and, until this gentleman keeps his eyes on the stage, instead of staring about the house, he cannot hope to be successful. It is for the audience to do the looking-on part— for the actor to be looked at. Miss P. Colville, as Madeline Seldon, was very painstaking and effective, and was dressed with exceeding taste. Miss Kate Corcoran (whom we are glad to see once again after her rumored retirement) was a charming Tabitha, and gave the song, "There's a path, &c.;," very sweetly. The other characters were creditably taken. The scenic effects by Messrs. Torning and Clint are uncommonly good. "Sun and Shadow " will doubtless enjoy a lengthened run, as, in spite of the adverse elements, the old Vic. is well filled every evening. Mr. Hoskins appeared before the curtain with the author, and after thanking the audience for their approbation of Mr. Cooper's efforts, said it was very gratifying to find that we need not always go home for dramatic productions. This (Friday) evening the performances are under the patronage of the Government, the Mayor and aldermen, and the 6lite of Sydney. miss milly palmer. On Saturday week last, Miss Milly Palmer made her first appear ance on a colonial stage in the character of Juliet. So great was the London reputation of this talented young actress, that a numerous audience was attracted to witness her first performance, which alone was sufficient to stamp her as one of the most brilliant actresses that have appeared in Sydney. The great charm about her acting is the absence of all staginess, and the natural and easy grace with which she invests every character. The artless and impassioned love of the daughter of the Capulets was exquisitely pourtrayed, and in the last scene the audience was fairly carried away by the eloquence and intensity of her passion. Miss Rosa Cooper's Romeo almost recon ciled one to the assumption of a male character by an actress, so carefully was it studied and so excellently rendered. The same cannot be said of Herr Bandmann's Mercutio — the warm-hearted, impetuous, brawling young noble being one of his weakest characters. In the "Lady of Lyons " Miss Palmer reminded us strongly of Mrs. Herman Vezin, especially in the part where she indignantly rejects the insults of Beauseant. The struggle between her love, her pride, and her duty as a daughter, when she sees Claude about to leave her, was most pathetic, and the final abandonment of everything to her love, was one of the most natural and at the same time artistic pieces of acting it has been our good fortune to witness. Herr Bandmann's Claude we have already noticed, while Mr. C. Young's General Dumas is too well known to need comment. On Wednesday, Kotzbue's old play of the Stranger was revived, Herr Bandmann appearing as the Stranger, Miss Palmer as Mrs. Haller, and Mr. C. Young as Peter. Master C. Young, who has, we understand, attained the venerable age of five, was excellent as his "little excellency"; and, as in the case of the elder and junior Matthews, we hope to see the humor and versatility of Mr. Young reproduced in his son. We regret that we have not space to notice Miss Palmer's rendering of Portia and Ophelia— both admirable performances ; and it is also to be lamented that an actress of such undoubted talent should have so limited a field on which to display her abilities. 4 