OUR AMUSEMENTS. The Prince of Wales Opera House. Saxo Grammaticus, who flourished in the 12th century, is the earliest historian of Denmark that relates the adventures of Hamlet. After being much altered by Belleforest, a French author, an English translation of the romance was published under the title of " The history of Hamlet," on which transla- tion bhakespere tormed the groundwork ot his play with many alterations and additions, which was printed in the year 1 604. Hamlet, a character intended by Shakespere to personify the whole human race — a character indefinite but sublime, the most difficult to delineate of any, found in Herr Bandmann a truthful and artistic exponent. Expressing by his movements by turns slow and energetic— by his accents at once mournful and sweet — by his action highly diversified and distinctly deve loped — by his expression now pensive and meditative and again all life and vigor — those continued agitations and lengthened musings which are required in the delineation of the true . character of Hamlet, his impersonation was finally pourtrayed. Herr Bandmann, who, in the character of " Narcisse," made so successful a debut, (although that play is hardly suited to or appreciated by English tastes and audiences,) made his appear ance on Saturday evening in Hamlet. Many were the surmises that he could not be so successful in his rendering of Shakes- perian characters, owing to his German extraction. Great was the astonishment and even excitement that was created by his superb assumption of this most difficult character. The crea tion of Hamlet by Shakespere was intended to be represented as swayed by the warmth of his temperament but seldom carried away by it, and never without a sting of self-reproach : his better feelings always being uppermost when not subdued by those of revenge towards the King of Denmark, whom lie suspects of having intercepted his birthright by the murder of his father. One or two passages intended as sentimental musings, Herr Bandmann gives too vehemently, as though hi s blood was at fever heat. His ' ' What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba, &c.; !" and the first part of his address to Ophelia, in 3rd act, are faults in this respect ; for not only do they partake of ranting which is always objectionable, but the rapid vehement utterance is slightly marred by the foreign accent, which in the slower and calmer passages is scarcely perceptible. The delivery of ' ' Oh that this too, too solid flesh, &c.;," the address to the actors, the latter part of his speech to Ophelia "to a nunnery, &c.; ," and the " Look on this picture and on this," in the closet scene, are undoubtedly grand displays of elocution and acting. The Queen's closet scene is admirably arranged and placed upon the stage in a manner not before witnessed in Sydney. The scenery is highly effective and reflects great credit upon Mr. Hennings. In this scene Herr Bandmann need fear no rival. In the very height of the outpouring of liis anger during his inter view with the Queen, he never appears to forget that she is his mother. The bitter scorn and irony which he infuses into his tone as he bids her ' ' Look on this picture — and on this " — when he contrasts the two pictures of his uncle her present and his father her late husband ; the anguish of mind and prostration of body which he excites in the Queen and with which he is himself over come, showed power of acting which places him in the first ranks of his profession as a Shaksperian reader of the highest order. The various thrilling situations in this scene were rendered with a completeness and effect that called down bursts of applause, as well earned as they were loud and continued. Altogether his representation is as finished and truthful a one as has ever been witnessed in the colony. True to nature — not overstrained and natural — his performance fully justified the plaudits which were showered upon him and the flattering encomi ums that have been passed upon him by the press. Miss Kate Corcoran took the character of Ophelia with much care and feeling. In the mad scene she was particularly fortunate in her delineation. Owing to sickness she was unable to appear on Wednesday, and her place was filled by Miss K. Ryder, who proved an able substitute. Mrs. Jones, as Gertrude, is deserving of much commendation, and in the closet scene with her son gave a very touching ren dering to the character. Mr. Hoskins was not so successful in the ghost scene as might have been expected. This, however, was partly attributable to the badly arranged effects of the lime light. The I'ampart scene would have been more effective if the ghost had been discovered in the tower by the simple means of moving pieces of gauze, as has been done over and over again. The scene \ between the king (Mr. Holloway) and Hamlet Act III. sc. 3 was j much more effectively given on the second and following nights than on the first. The gravedigger of Mr. Andrews was excellent, but the customary number of waistcoats were wanting of which j he is supposed, according to stage tradition, to divest himself j before digging Ophelia's grave. Bannister gave offence by only j taking off three, and it was said that he was not as good a grave- | digger as Emery by half a dozen waistcoats. In spite of this I want of pulling off of vests the character was well and" effec tively rendered by Mr. W. Andrews. Miss Montague as Osric is to be reprehended. Surely in so curtailed a part as was j confided to her it is not. too much to expect her to be at least letter perfect — neither in this nor in her look or dress did she I give that assistance to the piece which might have been antici- j pated from her. It is matter for surprise that the boxes have not been better patronised, and it speaks not well for .the theatrical i intelligence of the upper classes, when, flocking to see a sensa tional absurdity of Boueicault's they neglect one of the subli- mest plays of Shakspeare. The stalls, pit, and upper boxes have been well filled by enthusiastic and appreciative audiences. Herr Bandmann is thoroughly deserving the public support and his rendering of the character of Hamlet is one which will not be readily forgotten in Sydney. Sir Josefh Bank's Gardens. A complimentary benefit is announced to be given on Febru ary 19th, to Mr. T. King, the celebrated pedestrian, under j distinguished patronage. He is well known as the energetic \ secretary of the Botany sports, and from the attractive pro- j gramme which he has issued he will doubtless be well supported. I New Music. j We have received a copy of a Grand Festival March, which has been composed and published by Herr Carl Schmitt, who it will be remembered was eminently successfully as con- j ductor during Madame Anna Bishop's late Operatic season, j The march will in all probability become as popular in the j colonies as it has in London, where it has already reached its j fourth edition. j 