MISCELLANEOUS. ( i Destruction of the ' Varieties' Theatre in Melbourne. — In additioc to what is contained in our telegriphi intelligence, we have been favored with ! the following particulars respecting the catastrophe : — The total value of the j property destroyed is estimated to be £20,000, which is said to be ! covered by insurances. The Sydney offices it is stated will suffer to the ex- * tent of £3000. Mrs. Zeplin (wife of one of the proprietors of the Varieties) only arrived in Sydney on last Monday week, to recruit her health, and came in company with her mother, Mrs. Charles Jones, who is at present engaged at the Prince of Wales Theatre. Yes terday a telegram was received by Mrs. F Zeplin from her husband, who was part proprietor of the Theatre Comique formerly known as the Varieties. It was as follows : — ' Theatre Comique burnt. Saved myself. Mary burnt ; not expected to live. Self quite well.' In addition to the foregoing, Mrs. Zeplin informs us that the only party who was supposed to sleep on the premises of the Theatre Comique was the barman aud storekeeper. The four barmaids left for their respective homes at closiug time. There were only three rooms connected with the premises, one of which was the kitcheu; but the con dition of the premises was such that they were scarcely in a habitable state, and this caused Mr. Zeplin to occupy another dwelling since December last. Mrs Zeplin thinks it probable that dur ing her absence her husband may have removed the furniture to the theatrp. This she imagines is the case, from the tenor of the telegram. The property in the interior of the theatre was only partially insured, but tbe block of build ings is supposed to be fully insured, The lease that Mr. Zeplin held had yet eighteen months to run. The whole of the block formerly be longed to a Mr.. Punch, but the new lease was taken from the trustees. The Theatre Comique was a stone and' brick structure, with iron roofing, but the in terior partitions, &c.;, were mostly of wood. The centre of the theatre from the street entrance formed the bar, whilst on each side there was a shop, aud livery stables formed a fourth por tion of the block. In none of the pre mises besides the theatre were any per sons known to sleep. The unfortunate woman Mary, who is mentioned in the telegram, was a servant in the employ of Mr. Zeplin. The theatre was sit uated in Great Bourke-street, between Swanston and Russel streets, and di rectly opposite the Theatre Royal. Some time ago a heavier insurance was tried to be effected in the Melbourne offi ces, but declined. A further tele j gram informs us that the total loss on : the thi-ee properties is estimated at £25,000, but it is mostly insured. As ! far as at present ascertained insurances ! were effected — £250 in the Sydney Iu- j j surauce Co., £2000 in the Pacific Co., ; £500 in the Adelaide Insurance Co., £2500 in the Alliance Co., £1500 in the Australasian, and £1000 in the National, It is also believed that a policy has been effected with the Vic torian insurance Company. — Empire. The Fijis. — The usual difficulties be tween men of different races when brought into coutact., are occurring at the Fiji Islands. The correspondent of the Mel bourne Argus relates the following: — A gentleman who had been a Queensland sqnatter — Mr Dixon — and bis wife had settled atKumbalau Point, near Wainunu, likewise on Nanna Lava. Iu this case Mr. Dixon bad agreed to buy somo bags of arrowroot at tbe rate of 12s a bag from the chief of Wainunu. When the bags were brought he demanded 20s. This gave rise to some little talk, and the dis cussion was ended by the chief giviag orders to his followers to mhvtarak Mr. Dixon. This process consists in knock ing a man down and jumping upon him. Mr. Dixon was therefore knocked down and jumped upon : his wife who hurried to his assistance, was seized by the throat and thrown headlong backwards, and Mr. Dixoa's life was only spared at the inter c ssion of another chief. Comparative Value oe Raw and Cooked Food. — A corraspondent in Illinois, asks for a table showing the comparative value of raw and cooked food. We know of no such table that takes a sufficient account of attending circum stances, to be reliable. So much de pends on the condition of the animal itself, — on the conditions under which it is kept, — and the quality of food before cooking, that it is very difficult to de termine to a nicety just how much benefit is ascribable to the cooking. At the same time — in the opinion of all practical men who have tested the matter in their own operations — tho rough cooking is held to to save one quarter to one-third of the food. Grou ven — a German farmer — steams food for 80 head of cattle. He gives the food at about the temperature of the blood. His brother, Dr. Grouven, says 'Had it been served cold it would take the ca'tle from half au hoar to an hour to raise their food to the temperature of of tliat which was steamed. The food is thus rendered not only easier, but quicker of digestion. Scalding allows cattle to swallow food ouicklv. but dors not make it more digestible. Steam food is already half digested, therefore, rapid swallowing is not injurious.' Boiliug food lies between the two methods ; it has the disadvantage of the one without the advantages of the other. . — ?Amr.ricrn Agriculturist. Alive in the Dead-house. — The ? San Francisco Alta California gives an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately re moved and placed in the dead-house at tached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment The body was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already been placed, and be tween them. The cover was put on and the keeper of the dead house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most un earthly character was heard in the dead house. The keeper of the dead-house, was sought after, but, not being aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, Vhose life had been a few hours pre-; viously pronounced extinct, and who had I been dressed in the rebee of the dead stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German ' : rushed headlong through the long halls j and corridors of the building, spreading - dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught ^ and arrested him in his career, but the ? next instaut the poor German fell on the I floor in a fit. The physician was sent ^ for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself : — ' Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doc tor came to me and said I vas very sick i He vent avay and after he vent I vas go to sleep. I knew nothing mor till I voke in de night, and there vas no light. I put out my hand for I could get no bed clothes for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bed j clothes, and, ach, vat you think I got — vy a dead man. Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ver,, sure, I put my hand on another Then I roared and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I vas getting up my head struck a board that vas covering me- ' Oh,' said I. ' vot does this j' mean vere am I ? Am I ded ?' and I i roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me , and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not shure. I had the ded man's dress on C me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then 1 fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here.' ' WHrdoyoucalimebirdie.mydear?' inquired a wife of her husband. ' Beeause,' was the answer, 'you are associated in my mind with a bill.', i| Reporters are often uuconciously if? satirical. A morning paper says in an ^ obituary : Mr. ? was an estimable I| citizen. Ho lived uprightly. He died . 'm' with perfect resignation. He had recently 5 been married.' ? It is a fixed fact that certain propen sities run in families, like red hair. A I man who was hung in Ohio for murder % some years ago left six sons, and every I one of these children is now a medical practitioner. It's of no use trying to * suppress these strong hereditary in stincts. — Detroit Tribune. A steam plough of novel construction , has lately been invented in Rochester, U. S., which has awakened consider able interest among farmers. The machine is an ordinary double-cylinder steam-engine and boiler, mounted on two, main wheels, five feet in diameter, of eight inches in- tread — two smaller - 5 ones being placed iu front for guiding — sj||| and weighing altogether about two tons. . JS The distinguishing feature of this machine lies in the main or driviug *5 wheels. The rim of each wheel is per- ^ forated in 12 equi-distant places, and .i* through the apertures 12 spoon-shaped | ' anchors,' each seven inches long by § five inches wide, are made to operate in .* ; this way : As the wheels revolve, the anchors are made to protrude from them and enter the earth to any desired . * depth, -withdrawing as they pass under -. \ the centre of the wheels, and thus ob viating all back strain and its conse quent waste of power. The hold taken 1 on the ground by the anchors is so great as to withstand almost any strain and in case they meet with any ob- . struction through which they cannot f penetrate, the springs which hold the cams and levers in position recoil to -|jf allow them to pass back into the wheels 9 until the cause of resistance has been passed. An interesting paragraph has found its way into our scientific journals - ; which informs ua that Prince Pless, the owner of large estates in Siberia,^ has succeeded in raising hybrids, the result of a cross between the common red deer and the Watiti (Cervus Canadensis), ''t and further than the hybrids are to some 1 extent fertile. Such a fact is of interest '* to all who make the breeding of animals their special studjr. Both popular and scientific opinion agree, that sterility in the offspring is the general result of * distinct species. That it is the invari able result is, however, scarcely to be believed, and the case just quoted is an additional evidence that a fertile hybrid is a probability. In connection with j this fact we may observe that M. Rafi nesque has stated (Moll and Gayot, Connaissance du Boeuf), that the Ameri can bison crosses freely with ordinary cattle. The result is an animal inter mediate in character between the two, f and exceedingly useful in the country, M. Rafinesque states that these hybrids breed without difficulty inter se and with f the two species from which they were derived. This statement of M. Rafines que has been also affirmed by M. Rose 