5oloniat Q xtraits AN IMPORTANT STATE PAPER has lately been received by the Governor from the English Secretary of State for the Colonies. This do cument, written in a most straightforward, able and concilatory strain, emphatically endorses the principal that the people of New South Wales are at perfect liberty, "in matters affeo ting their own interests, to judge for themselves what trust may properly be reposed in her Ma jesty's representative." But it also firmly in sists on this other principal, that as long as the Governor is cohstitutionally the third power of the State that his power shall not become al together a nonentity. And he, as a power, is to see executed the will of the country, consti tutionally ascertained through the Legislature and the Excutive Council. On him "is im posed the duty of seeing that no breach of the law is committed," aud in the exercise of that duty he is to consider the Legislature rather tahn the Executive (when the two are at vari ance) as the most authoritative exponent of the people's will. Lord Granville has un doubtedly in this despatch acted in complete accordance with the wishes of this colony, who from long seeing the Executive Council the the arena for mere personal ambition ('billet' exchanging and the like) are quite satisfied to have their ministries made acquainted :with the fact that a Governor is not ineant, to be a puppet. ESTIMATED IOPULA LToN OF TIHE COLONY o :New SouTu WALES, ON 31st DECEM nnR, 1869:--Births' during half-year ended 31st December, 1869-Males, 5071; fe males, 4785 ; total, 9856. Arrivals by sea (including. 286~ Chinese)-Males, 7097; females, 2328; total 9425. Deaths during same period-Males 1894;: females, 1249; total, 2143. lDepairtuires by sea (including 218 Chinese)-Males, 4810; females, 1572; total 6382. .. Increase during half-year Males, 5464; females "4.292; total, 9756. Estimated population on 30th June, 1869 M0- ules;'265,540; females, 210,034; total 475,574. Estimated population on 31st 'December, 1869-Males, 271,004; females, 214,;326; total, 485,239.-Empire. :-. iPORTED BULLs.-There are now, on view at Messrs Dawson and Co's, 246, Pitt. street, two of the finest bulls ever imported into New South WVales. The bulls are 'tle property of Richard King, Esq., of -Barraba, (who brought them 'out in the Hawkesbury, 'frori London,) and would well repay the trouble of inspection... ..The elder one is callcd"Tlieodore, and is by Heir of York, fromr::Viiian, by. Admiral; Herr of York, by seventh Duke of York, from Ilolibury, b Douglass--~Herd Book, 21,215. Theo dore was calved 81th August, 1867. The young bull is called Cotherstone, and was calved 10th August, 1868. He was bred by Mr E. Lythall, Radford' Hall, and ib by Lord of the Isles (20,206), from Stella second, by the, Yhampion (17,093). The bulls will be removed shortly and. parties desirous .of.seeing them should, therefore lose no time in visiting the.stables.-Messrs Dawson and Cb. will also have on, view, two young Herdfore bull3, bred' by Charles 11cy rnold;, Esq.-.-Ibid. L'I AAYING TE :FOUNDATIoN-STONE OF A NEW "WESLEYAN-ýCHURCH IN GOULBUIRN. \--dOn Thursday forenoon the foundation stone of a new: Wesleyan church to be erected ,on the allotment of lanid ate the corner" of Goldsmith' and. Bourke streets, adjoining the minister's residence, Goulburn, was laid by the Rev. George Hurst, prcsi dent of the Wesleyan Conference of Austra lia, who had been invited from Maitland to preform the interesting ceremony. The weather was showery, but notwithstanding, a good number of people were in attendance The Rev TWilliam Curnow, resident.minister of the Wesleyan church in Goulburn, after stating the order in which the ceremony. would be gone through with, gave out the psalm begining " Behold the Sure Founda tion- stone," which was sung by those assem bled. Prayer was then offered by the Rev. S. F. McKenzie M.A., minister of the Pres.. byterian church in Goulburn. A portion of scripture, from the 3rd chapter of St Paul's first epistle to the Corinthians, was read by the Rev. George James, of the Primitive Methodist church, Goulburn. Mr R. H. Blathford, at the' request of the Rev. Mr Curnow, placcl' a bottle, contaning copies or the Goulblurh Ierald and Christian Advo cate, but no coin, in the cavity of the stone. Mr William Davies, presented,, on the part of, the trustees of the building fund, a mal let and trowel to the Rev. Mr Hurst, with which he was to lay the stone. The mallet had been artistically made by Mr H. Yeat man of Goldsmith street; the trowel by Mr. W. Hill of Sydney. The stone being lowered into its position, the Rev Mr Hurst laid mortar about it, struck it with the mallet, and said: "I lay this foundation. stone of a new Wesleyan church to be erected in the city of Goulburn, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Donations were then lain upon the stone, the Rev. Mr Hurst begining by handing over a 'cheque for £100. A large number of children present came torward with their contributions, and were followed by the grown-up people. The amount given was £200 19s 7d. The Rev Mr Hurst addressed the assemblage, dwelling upon the principals held by Wesleyans, ex plaining their aspirations as a branch of God's church, and summarising their belief in the fundamental truths of Christianity. The Rev. Mr Curnow-after proposing a vote of thanks to the Rev Mr Hurst, which was given by acclamation and duly replied to-expressed his thanks for the assistance of the Revds. Messrs Mackenzie and James and then called upon- Mr Davies to propose three 'cheers for the Queen. These were heartily given, and the proceedings closed. -Southern' Argus. EXECUTION or PRENDERGAST AT ' BRIS BANE..-- Wiliam Prendergast, who was con. victed at the last criminal assizes of the wilful murder of Patrick hartnett, on the scond day of January last, in the neigh bourhood of Fortitnde Valley, expiated his crime on the scaffold yesterday morning: The detccton, conviction, and pnnishment of the murderer followed so closely upon. each other that it will not be necessary for° us to refer to the particulars now. Shortly before eight o'clock between forty and fity persons were assembled within the walls of? the jail to witness the execution, and after the usual process of pinioning, &ce.;, had been gone through, the mournful cortcge: set out towards the gallows, which 'was erected in one of the word yards at the ex treme right of the buildind. The hiiigman headed the procession followed by Prendcr gast, in company with Dr Cani and Fathers Connolly and Horan, who were in earnest: prayer with him; they were followed: by' the jail oflicals. On arriving at the foot of the scaffold the priests and the prisoner· knelt for a minute or two, when Dr Cani accompanied him to the scaffold, Father~( Connolly and Horan remaning halfway?,up the steps. From the moment of his' emerg1 ing from thecondemmed cell, the criiiisu1 seemed to be totally unconscious of all esrii., rounding objects, and .up to the time the' cap was drawn over his face earnestly res-2i ponded to the last sad oflices of his.tohutchi holding a crucifix inhis hand. He mountedT: the scaffold almost mechanically without a falter; but he was ashy'pale, and Iad evi dently fallen away considerably since his condemnation. Little remains now to tell. the rope was adjusted, the cap drawn, the drop fell; and in something less than a minute William Prendergast, who a minute before was a living man, became a lifeless clod of clay. His sufferings could not possibly have been very acute, as there was no apparent struggle, nor in fact any move ment at all except the quivering of the muscles incidental to such a voilent death. We were informed by the head jailer that Prendergast went to sleep about twelve o'clock midnight on Sunday, and slept till half-past five, when he arose, but took no food or refreshment. Dr Cani and Fathers Connolly and Horan, who had been constan tly with him since hip conviction, arrived ear ly and stayed with him to the last. The Sisters of Charity had also repeated inter views with him. These ministrations, we are happy 'to say, had the effect of making the unhappy man not only penitent for his crime but resigned to his fate. The body, after hanging a few minutes, was cut down and placed in a rough shell, where it was inspected by Dr Hobbs, who pronounced the body to be quite dead, the neck being completely dislocated, and a certificate to that effect was signed by the majority of those present. Dr Can' having placed a crucifix between the hands of the dead man, Sthe coffin was nailed up and placed in a cart at the entrance of the jail, and taken to the Catholic burial ground, where, the remains of the deceased were decently interred. Queensland Eapress March 29. TERRIBLE AFFL.ICTION.--The Wagga Wagga Advertiser in noticing the fact that an unhappy individual named Rush has been sent to jail for medical treatment, gives a resume of his unfortunate case, pre mising that Rush was a man of considently much attached to his wife. IL appears that Mrs Rush died suddenly at Mittagong, some thirty-five miles from Wagga Wagga, and the coroner was sent for. He refused .to attend, but sent out a trooper with an order to Rush to bring in the body to Wagga Wagga so that an inquest might be held. In the meantime preparations had been made for the decent interment of the. body in the graveyard at Mittagong. Rush, however, was compelled to bring or Fend the body of his dead wife to Wagga Wagga. As no one volunteered for the sad duty, he had to undertake it himelf: and here we have the creditable spectacle in a christian coun try of a husband driving the dead body of his wife a distance of thirty-five mil:s, mostly in the dark, along a dreary bush road for the purpose of relieving a paid coroner of a positive duty. The inquest was held- the husband so great was his mental excitement after his fearful journey, hardely knew how or where-and justice having been satisfied, to Rush was left the duty of burying his wife, or to see it per. formed by the same heartless authority which had already so grievously insulted both her and himself. He was a stranger and friendless, and once more had to resume his lonely journey with the dead. Unable to afford a proper funeral, he had to take the body in a cart to the cemetery himself, getting the vehicle bogged by the way, and being almost compelled to abandon the corpse or the roadside for the night. The case is a most mournful one, andwhetherthe wretched man's present con dition be due to intemperance or not, the public, we are sure, will agree that it reflects seriously on the person whose neglect of his Spalpable duty subject poor Rush to a trial too heavy for him to bear. It only re mains to add, to complete the full horror of the case, that Rush is now a lunatic under the medical charge of the man to whom, if to any one, is to be attributed his terrible affliction. GUNNEDAH.-A telegram in the Tam worth Examiner runs as. follows :-Friday night. A man named Patrick Leahy was killed at Boggabri, about a fortnight ago, by a sawyer named Henry Strutton. The body has been exhumed, and at the Coro ner's inquest held to-day, a verdict of man slaughter was returned. Strutton was arrested to-day. The Namoi and Mooki rivers are falling, but not yet crossable except by boat. Tramworth mail nearly three weeks overdue. NAaAnnar.-On Friday night the fol lowing telegram was received by the Tam worthi Examener, from Narrabri :-The latest news from Moore states that on Fri day last, Thomas Cook, of Deptford, who left the Galatea at Melbourne, was drowned while crossing the Mehi River, by the up. setting of the postal boat. The boat was found next morning, keel up, and stove in. The man's body was found or Wednesday in a tree, having been carried there by flood. Another body of a wan, name un known, was found floating in the Barwin River. There is a rumour of the murder of a man at Cox's Creek. Particulaas not known. The river is falling. The floods did no damage to the town. PRESBYTERIAN.-It is announced that the Church at round Plain will be opened for Divine worship 6n the 10th instant and that the Rev. Mr McKenaie, of Goulburn. and the Rev. Mr McCready, of Braidwood, will preach in the morning and afternoon. -Monaro Mercury. The Attorney-General has declined to file a bill against Mr Fawcett, police magistrate for the alleged manslaughter of Colin Camp.. bell, at Casino. - FISHING IN THIE GUTTER.-(W e Greflon Observer) have often read of showers of frogs, and on more than one occasion showers of fish, falling during a rain.storm, but like a great many more scepties we have been slow to believe in such phenomena, till something very closely resembling it oc curred in Grafton during the recent rain storms. After a very hard down- pouring in the afternoon one of our compositors stepped out side of the office 'ar d-watihed the water running from Bae6n-street into the gutter in front of the office, and detec ted a school of young fish sporting them selves quite merrily in a deep part of the' gutter. He fished from the gutter about 20, apparently young bream from 1 to 3 inchles long and transferced mostof them to a water cask others to a glass jar, in both of which they seemed to enjoy themselves as in the river. Several persons saw the fish taken from the gutter, and a discussion eusued as to how the fish came in their novel position. Some thought they must have come down from the clouds with the rain, butthisto others was too much the marvellous. Some thought the little strangers must have been washed into the town from the Clarence river by Alumy Creek, and floated into Prince-street with the fallen rain, but this did not appear possible as neither the creek or the river had flowed over the banks anywhere to commu nicate with this part of the town. In the absence of ocular proof as to how the fish, in the best of health and vigour got into the gutter, we must leave to conjecture, but the folloving extract from the folds of Ten Thousand Wonderful Things, will probably offer the best explanation of the occurrence. -"It is generally well known that. birds are very active agents in the extension of vegetation, and that ft uit and flowers are, to agreat extent, rendered prolific by the insects which visit their blossoms; but few people are aware of the means through which fish are formed in lakes and ponds, which are not connected with other waters. Here also the insect is the principal age it. The large water-beetle, which is in the habit of feeding upon the spawn of fish, occasion ally in the evening.climbs: up <the- stems of rushes, &c.; out of-tho water, sufficiently high to. enable it to take winig; in `these circumstances it has beeii caught, arid, put ting it into water, has been- found to .give out the spawn :withii hich .it had gorged it self previous to taking flight, both in diges.. ten and undigastcid state ;'so that, on tiial, it has been found that it productcd fish of vari ous kinds."' JUDGOE '1YMOTT iT'N TROUiLE.--A cen sure upon Mr District Judge Mcymott is conveyedin a-petition agreed to at a recent meeting of residents in the Maclcay River district,.and which has been transmitted for presentation to the :Execute Council. It states the opinion that, by reason sof his honor being in the habit of interrupting thel proceedings, and pronouncing vverdicts be fore the merits and the evidence are fairly before the court, suitors fail t Y obtain that redress to which they are entitled, and a failure of justice is caused in many instances. It further says, that the practice of his honor (as exemplified in the case of Sheriff v. Jackson, tried at the last sitting of the District Court, Kcmpsey), in returning a verdict for plaintiff, and subsequently out of court, and after the termination of the sittings, and without any notice to plaintiff or opportunity of objection or argument in, support thereof by him or his attorney advocate, or counsel, varying or decreasing the said verdict, is thoroughly against the principles of British law and the District Courts Act, and is highly to be condemned as an infringement of law justice. The petitioners also state that his honor's prac tice of treating suitors and witnesses with great harshness of .manner and severity of language is contrary to the humane princi ples of British law, and derogatory to the dignity of the bench. For the reasons em bodied in the foregoing desolutions the meeting expresses with profoand regret its firm conviction that his Honor Judge Mey mott's conduct "is calculated to bring the law and its administration into disre pute, and caused much suffering and in justice in many respects, and therefore humbly requests'his Excellency the Gover nor and the Executive Council to be pleased to remove his Honor Judge Mcymott to another circuit, and to appoint another judge to this circuit,, or to make such an order as shall be deemed fit to meet the justice and exigency of this petition.-Afternoon Tele gram. Loss or LIFE AT TIIE RICHMOND RIVER HEADs.-It appears, by the Clarence Ex aminer, that on Thurid ly, the 3rd March, the captains of the Douglas and Royal Duke, took a boat belonging to the latter vessel, in order to go on shore, making the boat fast on the beach, which by some means got adrift, and being observed by the crew of theDouglas, four men manned a boat and pulled for the drifting boat, which they reached just on the Rishmond bar, when no no sooner had tLey done so, than the pulling boat was capsized, and the four men preci pitated into the boiling surf, three of whom were at once carried out to sea and perished -the fourth a strong, powerful man, suc ceeded in grasping the boat, and could be seen for hours aftefwatds seated on the same which was turned bottom upwards, and was being constantly washed by the heavy seas breaking in, while it was impossible to ren der any assistance as no boat would live in such a sea. Mr Easton, the pilot, with his crew, however, anchored his boat off, and with the long rope let out the life buoy, which was close alongside the poor fellow for a long time, but the surf was so high he could not see it, and and afrdark it was hauled in and the poor fellow left ro perish to attemp,t to go off in such a su.f, wt u'd be risking a numnier of lives. Al out eight o'clock in the evening, a loud cooey was heard in the direction of the bar, when the boats again put off, and to their astonish ment, tho fourth man, whose name we have not heard, was seen swimming in with the tide, which had turned. and wts flowing up the river at the time, when he was irme diately rescued; and his first act wasteo make one as a volunteer to man a boat to go outside in scorch of his comrades, but of course, as they were known to hsve perished and it not being safe, his suggestion was very wisely declined. SCONSECRATION, oF. TIE: JEWIST BAURiTAL GnoUND- AT COOrA.-On Tuesday last the members of the IHebrew persuasion residing in 'Cooma, assisted by Rabbi Levi, of Sydneyiper. formed, a very important and-necessary duty; Adjoining Christchurch, near Cooma Creek, is a quantity of land, apportioned as cemeteries for the various denominations. ;Of this land halt an. acre is set apart as a burial-place for the members of the Hebrew persunsion.. Con sidering the influential position held by our Jewish friends in this district, it is indeed a matter of surprise that the work of defining and consecrating a burial ground for themselves was not long since attended to. This, however may be. attributed to the circumstance that the members of the .Hebrew persuasion are. scat tered over the district, and therefore the set ting apart of land for such a purpose in the central protion of the district did not appear of a paramont importance. We are informed that two of our townsmen, Mr George Cohen and Mr David Lazarous, had had the matter in contemplation, and resolved to seize the first opportunity of having the ground set apart as a burial ground .for members of their persua sion.consecrated in accordance with the rites of their faith. The visit of Rabbi Levi to Cooma afforded the opportunity sought; and as above stated, on Tuesday last that gentleman, accom panied by Messrs J. Myers, C. Solomon, D. Moses,. G. Cohen, and D. Lazarus, proceeded to the ground so set apart. On arriving there the land was marked out, according to the plan provided; half an acre, apportioned as a Quakers burial ground, intervening between the fence of Christchurch and the Jewish bu rial ground. After the allotment had been correctly measured and the corner pegs driven in, the ceremony of consecration commenced. But we are -informed that from the circum stance of their not being ten members of the persuasion in attendance, the ceremony was not so impressive or imposing as it'otherwise would have been. The Rabbi first reoad the afternoon service; at the conclusion of which he, followed by those in' attendance traversed the ground three times, chanting as they pro ceeded the 17th, 20th, 26th, 30th, 38th, 42nd the fi'rst'sii parts of the 119th, and the 91st Psalms. lMr David Lazarus chanting the re sponses; On reaching the corner the third time, oral prayersawere said inHlebrew which brought `the ceremony to' a conclusion. The -Rabbi then addressed those present in English setting'forth-the importnnce ofbthe duty they had just performed.; the tradition from which such ceremonies 'were taken and observed; :and :ho1w niecessary it 'was: for them to avail themselves of burial persuasion. The form of 'opening-. a grave," we believe, was then gone through, and one of the members present, in structed by the Rabbi, made a small hole some short distance from the corner peg of the al lotment. The Rabbi then gave instructions how they were to inter the deceased members of their persuasion,-north and south. iMr Levi then drew .attention to the necessity of fencing the allotment, and for that purpose the five gentlemen present subscribed fifteen gun ieas.-Monaro Mercury April 2. 'AND GOOD IN EVERY TnNGcs.'-When sen tencing a prisoner to imprisonmentin Armidalo. jail at the late Quarter Sessions, his IHonour Judge Meymott jocularly remarked that the sentence was equal to double the term of in carnaston in any other prision, owing to the torments he would have to endure from' the bugs. At at term when there was so loud an outcry being raised about the measure of pun ishment in many cases being disproportioned to the offence, possibly we may find reason in' the bugs.-Armidale Telegraph. DIRECTION PosTs.-A contributor to the Town and Country Journal, signing himself "Perambulator," asks-" When will the inva luable but comparitively oestless direction posts be over the colony? The number of impor tant lives annually lost by death in the bush of this colony for want of such posts is, conci derable;. but I suppose such a really useful question is too small a' matter for the great men who govern the colony. When I get on the wrong road, while travelling through the country, I often wish a Bishop, a Minister for Works, or Lands, or even a governor, was compelled to travel alone, and would get off' his track for only one night. Oh, what a stir it would make to the benefit of future travel lers, by causing what every civilised country possesses, viz, the simple, inexpensive, and useful direction posts, to be placed on every road, major, and minor." IlOLLowAY'SPILLS.-Health and Vigour.- To the most-regular livers occasional disturbances of diges tion will occur which may be corrected at once by these tamous pills, the alteratiae and tonic powers of which cannot be too highly extolled. A dose now then wil prove salutary to everyone, but a continued course must be taken by the confirmed invalid. It is woundcrful how the appetite and digestion improve in proportion as the pills exert their wholesome in fluence over the animal economy. They augment muscular strength and mental vigour. 1Holloway's pills frequently cure diseases of the digestive organs after all other medicines haoe failed to afford relief and they are especially serviceable in disorder of the liver and kidneys. 