THE LATE CHARLES DICKENS. "from men of' the time."! Dickens, Charles, the son of Mr John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay Department, was bom at Portsmouth in 1812. At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. His son Charles was placed as a clerk in an attorney's office ; but a strong literary bias led to his obtaining, soon after, an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the Hominy Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr John Black. The editor, noticing his readiness and versatility, allowed him a theatre for the dis play of his graphic qualities by inserting iu his journal those " Sketches of English Life and Character," which wero afterwards re printed in a collective form, under the title of " Sketches by Boz," in 1836-7. Almost simultaneously villi these appeared a comic opera from his pen, entitled " The Village Coquettes." Tho graphic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in then- most ludicrous aspect, did net escape tho notice of Messrs Chapman aud Hull, who accordingly requested " Boz " to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and tho result was tho j ublicatiou of the " Posthumous Memoirs of tho Pickwick Club." The subject was treated by " Boz " in a manner at once so easy, so graphic, and natura', and with such a ltow of genuine humour, that the author found himself raised, almost at a siuglo step, to the highest rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by tho pencil of Seymour, and subsequently by that of Hahlot IC. Browne, the " Pickwick Papers " found an enormous sale, and the name of the author was avowed to the world in 1838. The great success of "Pickwick" naturally led to a variety of offers heiug made to Mr Dickens by the London publishers ; and brought about tbe connection of tho author with Mr Bcutley, who engaged his services as editor of his M Licet ten;/, in the second number of which, in Feb., 1857, appeared tho first in stalment of " Oliver Twist." This story, which was published complete in three volumes at tho close of 185.3, lets the reader into si'iau uf ihe secrets <>f life, us it used too frequently to be found in the parish -union worklu uiscs, audiu the dark haunts of thievery "aud villany which form so black a Idol upon London aud the larger cities in the provinces. Admirably illustrated by tho pencil of Geoige Cruiksliank, "Oliver Twist" at ouee l.c-aine a popular favourite, ami it continues stilt io be regarded as one of tbo author's happiest pro ductions. Meanwhile "Nicholas Nicklehy" appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with " P.ckwiek," shortly after- the completion of that work. " Nicklehy " was written io expose in detail the cruelties which were then, and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr Dickens tells us, in the preface to this hook, that tbe.-o disclosures resulted l'roiu a visit of iuspectioii paid by himself to a school of the " Dothebovs" class iu tho wolds of Yorkshire. Iu 18-10 Mr Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of stories, iu weekly numbers. It was entitled "Master Hum phrey's Clock," aud coutained, amongst other tales, those since republished iu a separate form, under tho names of "The Old Curiosity Shop," famous i'or its episode of " Litllo Nell," so remarkable for its pathos aud simplicity ; and of "Barnaby Rudgo," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with the name of Lord George Gordon, iu tho year 1780. The pen of Mr Charles Dickens was henceforth almost incessantly plied. About tho time of the publication of " Master Humphrey's Clock," appeared his "Memoirs of Joseph Griiuaidi," tho celebrated clown, almost the oulv production of his pen which deals with the plain proso of facts. Soon alter the com pletion of " Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr Ciaudes Dickens set sail for America, i'or the purpose of preparing himself for the publica tion of a work upon men and mauuets in the New V\ orld. Whilst there lie visited a great part of the United States, and accumulated a store of materials, which lie gave to the world on his return lo England, in 1S-12, under the name of » American Notes for General Circu lation." Mauy of the author's statements were much controverted by our Yaukc-e cousins, and tlie book provoked a ropl v, under tho facetious titlo of " Chango for American Notes." In 18-U he published "Martin Chuzzlewit" in numbers. Iu the summer of the same year ho paid a visit to Italy, and many of the results of his observations were subsequently given to the -world in the Daily Nen s. Returning to England in the course of 18-15, he suggested tho foundation of a cheap daily newspaper, which should steadily advo- cato the spread of Liberal polities and secular education at home, whilst abroad it should show itself the sworn enemy of despotic and arbitrary power. Having organized a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day. ho commenced tho Daily News, Jan. 1st, 18-16, actmg as the editor, and contributing to its columns, as we have already mentioned, his sketches from tho south of Europe, under the attractive titlo of " Pictures of Italy," which wero afterwards reproduced iu a collective form. After a few mouths Mr Dickens with drew from his editorial post, and returned to his former fine of humorous serial publications, varying, however, their monthly appearances with the occasional production of some stories of a moro strictly imaginative cast, called " Christmas Books." Of theso the first, " A Christmas Carol," was published so far back as 18-13 ; tbo second, " The Chimes," appeared at Christmas, 1815 ; the third, " The Cricket on the Hearth," followed in 1810; tho fourth " The Battle of Life " (18-10) ; aud tho fifth' " The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain,''' in 131S. Besides tlio above, Mr Dickons lias published "Dombey aud Son " (13-17-8), " The History of David Coppcrfield " (1819-50) "Q5k House " (1S53), "Little Dorritt" (I806); also "A Tale of Two Cities;" "Tho Uncommercial Traveller;" and " Great Ex pectations ;" which last threo wero repriuted from All the Year Bound. Iu 1850 Mr C Dickens started Household Words, a ciieap weekly literary miscellany, which lie conducted for some years ; but a quarrel having arisen between luin and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1S59, and established in its place another, similar in plan, and form untitled All the Year Round, which ho still conducts. A new illustrated serial story from Mr Dickon's pen, entitled "Our Mutual Friend," was commenced Mav, 180-1. Mr Dickens has earned a high reputation as au amateur actor, ami was. one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and has like wise been an active promoter of tho Royal Librury Fund. 