FATHER DILKE'S 44 LETTERS FROM ROME" ON THE VATICAN COUNCIL. "Now, Father Dilke," said our friend Van, who came in, looking hot and argumentative, "I want you to explain an objection I heard made against your system this mornin', which startled me above a bit, I can tell you. I was standing up for the Pope, as I always do whenever I can against them Britishers — I like the Pope, I do. I'm sure he's a good man, and I can't a'bear them Britishers, no how. They don't want to hear both sides and speak out the truth, and nothin' but the truth. They aint witnesses — they're counsel retained for the prosecution, and can't afford to let a word be heard for the accused if they can help it — so, I say, I always goes in for the Pope when I can. They say I'm a kind o' Papist, or shall be soon ; but, I says, to 'em, 'I aint a Catholic, and I guess I never shall be, but I'm for fair play, I am, that's all.' But, look here, Father Dilke, I was kind o' 'shut up to-day, and I'll tell you all about — but I reckon I'll, tell you first how it began : — "They were a saying how mighty glad they was the French Government was going to interfere and stop the Council, for makin' out the rules about the Pope's Infallibility, and I must put in my word. 'Don't see how that's right,' says I, 'Count Daru comes forward as a Catholic, or he don't ; the French Government interferes in the name of the French Catholics, or it does't. If he don't come forward as a Catholic and in the name o' Catholics, he hasn't any call to come forward at all, no more than me, or you, or our President, or Congress would have any call to interfere. But if he comes forward on the Catholic ticket, then he aint a leg to stand on ; for all Catholics believe, I calculate, that the Church is independent o' the State in what it teaches ; and so it must be if it teaches in the name of Christ, and to be a society estab lished by Christ. If it claims this, and all Catho lics admit it, no Government that is Catholic can walk in and dictate what the Church shall do, and what it shan't do, in regard o' teachin'. Why, away over in the States, where Congress is a pretty sight more powerful than any Euro pean Government, we have all sorts and sizes o' denominations — Shakers and Quakers, Anabap tists, Pedo ditto, hard and soft and clam shell ditto, Primitive Methodists, New Connection ditto, Episcopal ditto, Independent ditto, and hundreds o' others, and all split up among their- selves into as many sections as you've hairs on your head — I say, the great American Congress daren't breathe a syllable about interfering with the rights o' conscience — 'cause why ? We the sovereign people, you know, would't stand it nohow you can fix it — not even Old Abe or Ulyssy the Great dare put a spoke in that wheel o' our Constitootion.' " ' That's all very true,' says they, 'but, you see, the Pope is not contented with teachin' his people what what they have always believed; but he wants to bring in this new Dogma, and make himself Absolute.' " 'Now,' says I, 'I don't see any proof that the Pope wants to bring in this new Dogma. It seems plain enough that it's the Bishops want to bring it in, and that the majority is on their side; and if the Catholics believe that a General Council, with the Pope at its Head, is Infallible, and can't teach wrong— and if the majority of the Council believe the Pope is Infallible— why, I don't see how it mends things much, if the French Government step in and says, You may believe what you like, but you shan't say it out, and if you do, we'll let Garibaldi in upon you. I say that's awful mean. That's treatin' the Bishops like the planters down South used to treat their niggers, a'fore Uncle Sam went down thar, and swept th' 'tarnal nuisance o' slavery out o' the U.S. " 'Mind,' says I, 'I don't mean to say that I think as you do, that they're goin' to define the Pope's Infallibility. Many of my Catholic friends say they believe the doctrine, and have always believed it. Others are not so sure of it — and some don't believe it at all, and that it's all new to 'em, and they wasn't taught it; but I think the most on 'em don't want to have it de fined, since it can only be done against such a big opposition, as it seems there is, in the Council and more still outside against it. It's only a question of opportuneness with most of the Bishops, and I don't see how it can be oppor tune with all this opposition, and if they'd take my advice, they'd let it pass by this turn, and wait a bit, and perhaps, later on, the opposition will come over, or may be the majority may think better of it, and conclude to leave well alone: and since the Catholics are united on ninety-nine points out of a hundred, they'll let this hundredth point be an open question. I declar' to you, Father Dike, as I said to 'em, I can't see why they should agitate about it. I've heard you say that you all believe the Pope is the Head of the Church, and that you must all obey him as if he was infallible, and that when ever he gave out any doctrine, and the Bishops agree to it, or don't go against it, then it's the Pope and Bishops that have taught it, and it's a law of the Church, and, as you believe, the Voice of the Holy Ghost. Now, I says, in these days of 'Lectric Telegraphs, there aint no need to define the question. The Pope can send round to all the Bishops in the world, and get back answers in a month at the outside. All Catholics would admit that if the Bishops and the Pope were of one mind, it would be binding on all Catholics to believe with them. 'Why on airth,' says I, 'can't they bide patient and not make all this rout about whether the Pope's message is infallible before it reaches the Bishops, or only after he has got their consent. The most of the Bishops, it seems, believe in the Pope's Infalli bility, and, no doubt, they will accept what he says, and say Yes to everything, and so, by the admission of them Gallicans, it will be binding on all, and the other party will get all they want, without driving the opposition to knock under and risking a deal of bad blood, and per haps a 'split up' in some quarters.' " "And what did they say to all this, Van? — I mean the Britishers, for you certainly gave them tough opinions." "Well (they said) we wish you could get your friends to take your advice, Mr. Vanderhorn." "There's a deal of 'em think the same (says I) and I think we shall see that the Council will take the same view of it." "I've met many of them Bishops out in the States, and a long-headedder, cooler, milder set of men, I never met. I've often thought that a Senate composed of such men would beat the Senate of the United States for prudence and caution; and it's admitted on all hands, I reckon, that our Senate whips all creation as a supreme deliberate assembly." "Well, Van, you spoke like a printed book, and no mistake," said I, "and I think we had better get you admitted into the Council along with the French Ambassador, to give your views to the Fathers! But which was the point on which they posed you, Van?" "Ah (said he), I'd pretty nigh forgot that p'int. They begun about persecution." "How did they get upon that?" said I. "Well, let me see— Oh, they said, if the Pope was admitted to be infallible, all Catholics would have to believe that it was right to perse cute heretics, because Popes had taught it was the duty of Catholic princes to do so, and they proved this to me by Bulls of Popes and the Syllabus of Pius IX. I'd never read anything about that afore, and I hadn't a word to say; so I finished up the best I could, and said I'd give 'em an answer another day. And here I am, Father Dilke, to get posted; for I declar' to goodness I know no more than a suckin' infant what to say, and I'm so staggered that if it wasn't that I respect you and the Judge as men of sense and integrity, who wouldn't jine a church that was committed to such principles, I reckon I'd never read a Catholic book or go near Catholics again." "Now, Van, look here," said I. 44 You may set your mind at rest about Pope Pius IX. He never said in the Syllabus, or elsewhere, that it was the duty of any Government on earth at the present day, to put heretics to death, or in flict upon them any temporal punishment what ever. The condemnations in the Syllabus are against those who should say that it was against Christian morality under all circumstances to punish heretics with temporal punishment, and that, you will admit, is a very different ques tion." "But I'm against putting any constraint on consciences," cried Van, " I say a man has a right to hold what he pleases, provided it does not make him a bad citizen, and then the State may interfere and stop him." " Just so," I replied. "Of course, we Ame ricans are bound to admit this proviso, because it seems Congress is going to interfere with the Mormons, and prevent them carrying out their institution of polygamy. "But are you quite sure you mean what you said just now, that any man has a right to hold what he pleases?" "Well, yes," said he, "you have a right to be a Catholic and I have a right to be a Pro testant." "Stop a moment," said I, "has any one a right to be wrong ?" "Stay a bit," said he, "a right to be wrong! that sounds queer! — that would be much the same as wrong being right, and that would be the same as if there were no such thing as truth and no right and no wrong." "No," he continued, speaking slowly, "no one can claim the abstract right to be wrong; that is to say a right in the sight of God to hold falsehood to be truth. Yet, for all that, there is such a thing as liberty of conscience. What it comes to, I suppose is this: - that, though I may be wrong, no man can compel me to go against what I think to be right, even though I may be wrong in thinking it." "That's the point, Van," said I. " You have got hold of the question. What are our duties toward an erroneous conscience ?" "Well," I continued, "there are principles of religion and morals which are so clear, that no one who has the full use of reason can be igno rant of them. There are others, more remote consequences of these first principles, about which, through the force of education or other circumstances, it is admitted that people may be in ignorance and involuntary error. With regard to the first, there can be no such thing as an erroneous conscience — that is, an erroneous judgment involving duty. With regard to the second, there may be. Granted that a man has an erroneous conscience — that he really thinks a thing to be right or to be wrong which is not so — he is bound to follow that conscience. For instance, a Protestant who had been brought up in prejudice against the Catholic religion, so as really to believe we were idolators for worship ping the Blessed Sacrament, would be wrong, and would be really guilty, if he paid, or seemed to pay, divine honour to what he believed was not God, but a piece of bread. He has a duty to follow his erroneous conscience (or rather, the principle of his conscience is true, its application mistaken) so long as it remains, though, no doubt, he should be ready, for the sake of charity and truth, to listen to what Catholics had to say in explanation of their practices. Yet no one could say that he should do as they did until he came to believe as they did. On the other hand, the duty of such Catholics would be to treat with tenderness his erroneous conscience, and to recognise his duty to it, and, therefore, his rights of conscience. This is the relation to which Catholics and non-CathoIics stand to one- another everywhere at the present day; and on the above principle these civil rights of liberty of belief, liberty of worship, liberty of education, are everywhere guaranteed by law in Catholic countries to non Catholics. In Austria, with the consent of the Church, and in Rome itself, liberty of conscience, of worship, and of education are secured to non-Catholics. These have been secured for ages to the Jewish subjects of the Pope, and the same is the ease with regard to all non-Catholics within the Papal States." "Then," said he, "how about the Inquisition in Spain, and Auto-di-fes of which one hears so much, and these declarations of the Popes about the duty of burning heretics ?" "About that, I say that the Popes were not laying down principles of universal application, but rules for Catholic countries where there was yet an unmixed Catholic population, and where doctrines and practices against Catholic truth and morals had not yet obtained a footing." "In these countries, the Governments being Catholic, and the whole nation Catholic, the laws were naturally framed on the basis of the national conscience. These laws prohibited, under various penalties, the "commission of offences against the common good of society. To introduce divisions in religion amongst a people hitherto united was considered one of the gravest injuries that could be inflicted on society, and apostasy or heresy, if it made itself known, was punishable by imprisonment, or even ultimately by death. This shocks us extremely at the present day — first, because we are now so used to all manner of divisions in religion, which cannot now be hindered, that we can hardly realize the horror it caused in the ages of faith, when all were Catholics, to find any one publicly rejecting the things all believed in, and held to he the only means of getting to heaven. Again, in these days the punishments inflicted by human law are so much more merciful than formerly, that we shrink from the things which our fathers thought nothing of. For instance, in the Old Law of God given by Moses, a Sabbath-breaker or a dis- obedient son was punished by death. The old Puritans in America framed their laws on those of the Old Testament. Again, in England thirty or forty years ago a man was hung for stealing a horse or a sheep, and in the reign of the Tudor Sovereigns it was death to steal a stake from a hedge. Now, when the ordinary laws were so sanguinary, is it any wonder if heresy and blas- phemy, such as all heresy in in the eyes of Catho lics, who know for certain that it contradicts the revelations of Christ, should have been punished, if obstinately persevered in, with death ? Now, all that the Popes have maintained was the duty of Governments to carry out the laws where they existed, and that these laws against heresy were not immoral in themselves — just as all Protes tants are bound with us to maintain that the laws of Moses, given by God Himself, and which commanded the Sabbath-breakers to be put to death, were not in themselves immoral." "All that is a great puzzle to me, anyhow, Father Dilke," said Van ; "but I see a great deal more than I saw before about this matter, and, as you say, there are the Mormons — a case in point. They stand up for the right of poly gamy, and they appeal to the example of the holy men in Scripture — Abraham, Isaac, and the rest. The United States maintains the principle of the rights of conscience, and yet here they stop short, and they say you have a false con science, but you have no right to carry it out, for you ought to know better. You have no right to be wrong, and we wont stand it. It's clearly against the good of the Commonwealth that your should follow your false conscience, and so, if you won't give it up, we'll put you down by force.'' "Just so, Van. In fact, over and above their heresies, they are considered enemies of social order in other ways. If the United States sends an army against them, it will not be unlike the crusades against the Albigenses in the middle ages, who, together with their heresies, held prin ciples and practices which were ruinous to the well being of society, and so the Church encou raged the Catholic Governments to put them down by force of arms." 