A GOVERNMENT SURVEYED ROAD.-THE ROAD TO DEATH. A CORRESPONDENT signing himself Little John, thus writes from Wilcannia, under date the 22nd February, to the Pastoral Times:-" About two years since Mr. Sur- veyor Mc Cormack surveyed a line of road through the bush from the River Darling, at Wilcannia, to Mount Monaro. It is a long straight line, cleared through the scrub, with mile-posts to mark the distances, and is much nearer than the old road round by Teryawaynea Lake, but is mostly through rotten or sandy ground, and is destitute of water, and therefore not used by those who are aware of its danger; but woe to the poor wretch of a traveller, who, to save dragging his weary limbs over a much longer distance, and in hope that late rains have left some little water in spots on this seventy-two miles of government gazetted road, attempts to walk through it. His doom is sealed-he is a lost man who thus ventures into this government death-trap. Often during these last three years has it came to my knowledge that the remains of some poor unfortunate had been found between the Lachlan and the Darling, evidently having perished for want of water; in one instance a whole family perished (Dr. Ro- bertson and family), and how many are there who wander off the tracks in the vain hopes of finding a little water to quench their burning thirst, and who die in the greatest agony in places where their bones may rot for years without being discovered ? Last week our senior-constable (Moesch) had to bury the remains of one who had died for want of water, about thirty miles along this government death-road, and yesterday he had to start off to perform the same sad duty to another who had perished in the same way, with his dogs, on the same line of road. Senior-constable Johnson has recently buried another, and but for the timely assistance of Constable Arthur and Mr. James Beck, last week, another would have shared the same fate; and on Thurs- day last, at midnight, a distracted man makes the river and implores assistance for his wife and child, whom he had been obliged to leave with his dray, dying for the want of water, about seventeen miles from the river on the death-track. He had been told there was water on the road, or he would not have taken it. It was with the greatest difficulty they were rescued. These facts I know of as having oc- curred within this week or so; but God only knows how many have perished in the same way these last few years, and who might have been now alive had the sum voted for providing water along this most important road from the Darling been judiciously expended. All that I can learn has been done, is that a few holes have been bored to try for water near existing wells, between the Lachlan and Monaro, and even that I believe is now stopped, whilst no at- tempt has been made to provide or store water on the worst portion of the road-that from Monaro to the Darling. Surely the New South Wales government, through their neglect, are responsible for the deaths of these unfortunates, if not actually their murderers; and it is quite time that our hon. member, Mr. Phelps, took some steps towards having the money immediately ex- pended in securing water along the line, and for which purpose it was voted; it may also be as well to move for a return of all those found dead along the road from the Lachlan to the Darling since the money was voted. It could be obtained from the police department, and the number would be suf- ficient to furnish a ghost to haunt each guilty member of this procrastinating government. - Since writing the above another unfortunate man has crawled into the river, and sent on word to our police that his mate had knocked up about thirty miles back on the death-track, and would soon die for want of water if assistance was not immediately sent him. Senior-constable Moesch had only just returned from burying the second corpse, both himself and horse quite knocked up from the heat of the weather, but he lost no time in despatching assistance, and I am happy to state they arrived in time to save the poor fellow's life and bring him on to the river-a few hours later and it would have been too late, and another life would have been sacrificed in this death-trap." Another correspondent says:-"People travelling from Mount Monaro to Wilcannia should be cautioned not to take the seventy miles track recently surveyed by Mr. Sur- veyor O. Mc Cormack, and branching off to the right a short distance on the Wilcannia side of Mount Monaro, as there is not a drop of water on the road. A family and a traveller were saved by the Wilcannia police from perishing for want of water, and brought into Wilcannia. Two dead bodies have also been found on the same line of road, having evidently perished for want of water." 