' IXCELSIOL" TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1870. Wa published in our last issue a telegram from our Melbourne correspondent in wh;ch it was stated that, at an interview with the Ministur of Railways, on Monday last, Dr. MAcA~aTrY and; Mr F. L. S"rrt were promised that a survey party should be dispatched to Port Albert to-day to mark off a line of railway be. tween Port Albert and Sale. Just twelve months ago the promised survey was well and successfully handled- so far as he was concerned-by Dr. MAcAarwar, who assured the electors of Alberton it was Mr M'CnLLoca's intention " to have the work commenced immediately." It must be borne in mind that the survey of this particular line of railway had been promised before some three or four times. Now, however, day and date are fixed, so our southern neighbours will no doubt be anxiously awaiting the arrival of the steamer having the " fully equipped" survey party on board. This preliminary work will necessarily occupy some months, and if the people of South Gipps land-nothing daunted by repsated delays-are yet really in earnest on the subject of railway communication, and we should be sorry to suppose the con. trary, they will be up and doing during the interval. They must not take it for granted that the immediate construction of the line will follow the survey, or even that the survey will hasten construction, in the absence of any display of active interest on the part of the people themselves. When Dr. MAcAararT last took this matter in hand estimates of cost of eonstruction, working expenses, and probable traffie returns for one year, were compiled and published we believe under the learned Doctor's supervision. From these it appeared that, without endowment or subsidy, the line could easily be made to return some six and a half per cent. clear profit. Since that estimate was made, a very handsome subsidy has been offered by the Govern. ment with the view of holding out inducement to a private company to undertake the construction of this line of railway. A squaremile of freehold land on each side of the line-and as near thereto as can be obtained, is offered at every alternate mile. Surely with sach a liberal t concession as this to start with, there I should be no difficulty among an energetic and enterprising people in providing a fifty-mile railway over a perfectly level country, with an almost boundless area of rich land, auriferous and agricultural at one end, and one of the finest shipping ports in the colony at the other. Nor is there, we believe, if those principally interested in its accomplishment will only t take the business in hand with a thorough determination to succeed. If ever there was a time in the history of this colony when any well digested scheme of railway enterprise appeared likely to meet with r encouragement and support at the hands t of thegovernment, that tme is the present. c It seems likely that a considerable exten. sion of the )orth Eastern line will be undertaken by a private ooanpany on a subsidy scheme similar to that above c mentioned, and we know ofno reason why failure should be apprehended for the L Welshpool line. IThe government railway n policy ia plain enough, and so compre- h hensively just and fail that no one can pretend to oaril at it. They put the ease in effecot thus:-" A Gippaland line of * railway will cost so much in the aggre- r gate, and the estimated traf~o returns will not yield even a moderate interest on outlay ; in short it won't pay, while a line opening up the country to the North east will pay. We must therefore undertake the latter at present, and perhaps by that time Gippsland having increased in material wealth and prosperity, will be able to show a more promising estimate of return on outlay, when we shall be glad to meet the wishes of her people in the matter of railway extension." But it is now alleged that reliable estimates can be produced showing clearly enough that on a reduced scale of construction, with a gauge of 3ft. 6in., between the metals, plain and inexpensive station buildings, light engines and rolling stock, a thoroughly good and substantial line (single) amply sufficient for all purposes of traffic for many years to come, can be constructed within a reasonable time at something under £5000 per mile, this to include stations and rolling stook. if the truth of this statement be called in question, or-with our past experience in this colony, of expensive construction involving uselessly elaborate station buildings and heavy metals-the estimate be pronounced unre. liable, we have only to refer to the i experience of the neighbouring colony of Queensland for sufficient proof of the truth of our assertion. In that colony, as with us now, economy of construction was the first and most important con. sideration; for we find Queensland wa a equally poor in reeereas and seant-,s price fIber sad of almost every deseriptioa of railway material wasee scarcely less than forty per rent. more than it is now. Yet in spite of the draw. back of scanty population, very limited means, and a high labour rate, that Go. vernment have contrived to open up one hundred and forty-four miles of railway over a difficult and hilly country, with sharp curves and steepinclines for seventy eight miles of the whole distance, at an average cost for the whole length of L6,550 per mile. So much for cost of construction ; we now come to results. Up to June, 1869, the income on Queens. land railways amounted to L80,000, and the working expenses L70,000, thus leaving L10,000 as an instalment of interest on capital. But it must be re membered the mere surplus of revenue over expenditure, however liberal, by no means fairly represents-especially in a 1 new country whose resources must to a r considerable extent remain undeveloped without the assistance of railway com munication-the actual profit on railroad expenditure. The impetus given to trade and commerce, extended agricultural s and pastoral settlement, the development of mlningenterprise, and, in short, the general increase of business throughout the country, may justly be estimated as items of profit on capital expended for such purposes. The aspect of the railway question as it principally affects the people of South Gippsland in the first instance, and only in a lesser degree their neighbours in the North, is altogether too serious, aend of too much practical impor. tance, to be overlooked. Plainly stated, without some cheap and ready means of e communication between North and South Gippsland, the trade of an extensive dise trict, embracing an area equal to some three or four of the principal counties of England, will be lost for all purposes of national revenue-not only to the Government, but to the country at large. There is no lack of rich soil and valuable country in much of the area south of the L>atrobe. But in the absence of ready means of communi. cation with the rest of Gippsland, it must remain--as it has remarned for years padl -in a state of utter stagnation; if we except the mere nominal profit arising n from the grazing of sheep and cattle. It n may be questioned if the population with. r in reasonable distance of the main road. y side between Port Albert and Sale would count up 600 souls; yet there is no lack T of available country, quite capable of sup. t porting nearly five hundred times as many. There appears no reason to be lieve that the Government will look with 1 disfavour upon any well-digestsd railway a scheme which gives fair promise of a reasonable return on outlay. In the cor respondence which we publish this morna e ing, and for which we are indebted to the courtesy and forethought of Mr Joar f KrNo, there are two schemes of railway i enterprise, which we commend to the serious attention of our friends in South Gippaland. Should the moderate estimate of the Queensland lines be con s sidered as beyond their traffi require 'ment, and as involving an outlay of capital r greater than the probable revenue would s justify, they may fall back upon the facts and figures relating to the construetion of the Festiniog railway in North Wales. It is a question for deciisin by eompetent I authority as to how far we could safely copy their plan of construction, and make it available for this country. Yet look' ing at what would here be called the formidable engineering difteaultis whiah they have successfully overcome, it is impossible to believe the ecumbrous and expensive system of the broad gauge, is in any degree necessary to our require ments, or desirable for imitation. If we may offer a souggestion, we would recom mend the residents of South Gippeland to organise a railway league, without delay. They may be sure of the valuable assist anne and the " six years' railway experi. once" of the hen. member for their district, and they may fairly expect that success will attend some united and well organised effort to secure the long promised hoon of railway communication with their neighboars ina the North. A neabioe apwears our iadvertisig colmaas o?t?ming a reward oef twety pouad fr thec mavaieg of thepeese who t fire to a portion of the Kilmany Prk run, adjoin. lag the borough of Bale. Nearly the whole of the country in the backwaters south aod west of Flooding Creek was on fire yater. day, and should a breese suddenly set in thb crops about Sale and in the neighbourho~ of Worsnk Wurruk and the Bosedale rosA would have but a poor chance of eoaping deastruction. A corrmrpondent insformrs us that it has been noticed tbhe men csttlag thistles are using fire, whether for the purpose of oooking their meals or conasming the thietles, we don't know. It is to be hoped the Borough Conacil authoritie ad the Town Common managers will take notite of the circumstanoe and see that the men employed on contract work are made aware of the penalties attaching to ths e Crle a of fira. be grass and re·getatio d kinds--mP rched sp with the fierce hat lact rwa's son--would burn like tinder jst now, and should the flames dortuln happea to breas ont during a brea of wia the deqtruction of rvluable propertr' hi 'would inevitably fellow weald besdly remembered for many a long day. The.gquarterly meeting of the Gipplanfd Gcld: Miing Company was held on Friday afternoon, at the Western Port Hotel, Queen street?, ar Robert Ker in the chair. The directors' report stated that no stone had been raised or crushed during the past quar ter; but the winding and pumping gear being . at last complete, the manager hoped to mike good progress with the shaft. For the Long Tunnel Company about 1,600 tons had been crushed, and the manager expected te soon recommence crushing for that com pany. The balance sheet, to the 31st Do cembur last, showed a balance due to the Bank of Victoria of £606 7a 8d, which had since been reduced to about £450, and the directors anticipated completing the shaft, &c.;, with a much smaller debt than they had estimated-this being owing to the earnings of the company's battery. This report was adopted, along with that of the mining manager, giving details of the proceedings during the quarter. The crops and farm homesteads in the I neighbourhood of Myrtle Downs had a narrow escape from deetructioq on Sunday F evening. Some mischievous boys engaged in the pastime of hunting native cats, had, with the assistance of dogs, run one of the animals into a hollow, log; and as the more the dogs barked the more their prey would c not coms out, .one of the young hopefuls-- ( aged twtelbe or.thirtee years, who smokes a regulri'-nupply dfwax estas- euggested the proces' of smosking him' out. This being consid'ered alteigetler the " correct thing" under the circumstances, the log was soon in a blaze, and the unfortunate cat, finding his place of retreat rather warmer than the weather, quickly made tracks, and the boys as quickly followed suit. Fortunately there was no wind blowing at the time, as nothing could have prevented the destruction of the fine grass paddock in the occupation of Mr Fjtchor. He saw the fire only a few minutes after it was kindled, and, with the uassistance of his sons, quickly extinguished it before the flames had time to spread, hlid the fire got an hour's start, it is pro bable a dozen or more valuable stacks would 4 have been destroyed, as well as the grass for mniles round. Mr Campbell's run, on Glencoe, was set on fire just as thoughtlessly, a few 'days ago, by a man searching for wild honey among the timber. Having no are with :him he 'kindled a fire against a half burned itree to lay it to the ground. The branches and leaves were well ignited before the tree fell, when it scattered burning debris in every direction. Some hundreds of acres of grass mwere destroyed before the flames were got Under. As it was, they extended to the esorass on the one side and the road on the other, which fortunately happened to be a good broad track of thick sand which inter. posed an effectual barrier to the fire. Had it crossed the road the bush south of the Mill Top would probably be burning at this time. A' heavy penalty attaches to the careless use of fire, and it seems likely that oome of the people here will soon give the ysgisti!ates a chance to inflict it. The Avon Shire Council met yesterday Afternoor, but in consequence of the unusual pressurddon our space, and the late hour at .hich the Council sat, we are unable to .nsert ' full report. We shall, however, -_mmarise the more inferesting items. A ;letter wRs reasl from. tha.jtralsaa,.L Bridges fiace, eau?mitting copy of a further report and siggestion by the inspecting engineer. These proposed'" a new road across the morass and I??atrobe, about three miles' aove tho'presesnt ape, which would cost about five chains 'sirly, including bridge, to which there were i p,-od natural approaches. The road in ques. (,on would be much .better'placed than the "Misting one, less liable to injury, md could be carried out for much less Money, while it would leave the river een up to Wurruk-wurruk." The letter 9s received, and Cr. Bolden moved ot copies of the foregoing communication '.despatched to the Rosedale Road Board ae the Sale Borough Council with a view t~'a conference on'the subject. Towards .g conclusion of the meeting it was de. dMed to ihvite a cqnferonce, to take place on ftruary 7th. A letter was read from the birnsdalq Shire Council, applying for a uulund of all rates collected by the Avon asancil on account of Mr Scott's property at anlrbanl4,- from the date of the proclama i.n of the Bairnedalo 'Road Board, June 14, M67-. On" th m~otion of Cr. Bolden oon dieration of the matter .was deferred to bt meeting, in the meantime to asecertainthe iount of rates so paid. It was decided to tt a new crossing at Providence Ponds, -eat not to exceed L10. The Secretary read =bs financial statement, showing the fixed hlposit in National Bank amounted to I1000; iash do., L625 : cash in treasurer's hands, £5 eS Gd; making a total of L1630 17. 7d. ,?rther leave of abssnoe was granted, ?ithout discuuion, to Cr Johnson, absent \- Sydney. A meeting of the Sale Turf Club was held e Saturday afternoon at the Royal Ex. iage Hotel. The following gentlemen S'redulyproposedand elected members of SOlub:-Meeers Hamilton, John Lowe, bert Knox, and W. de T. Tracy. Mr. vis suggested an alteration in the weights the North G1ppeland St. Leger, vis: le and geldings 8st 41b, .lb being allowed this deviation from the, published pro. me. T?'e motion was uanimoslsy pted, and a meeooting of committee was ar. 58ged to be held on Friday evening. A reward of twenty-five pounds is offered -? the Government in Friday's Gazele for *ieh information as will lead to the convic. on of th' persons who, in the month of St1ptember last, destroyed about one half tUe fencing of lasnd at M'Lachlan'a Flat, -sr Bairnedale, belonging to R. M'Arthur, * Cown lands bailiff. The ordinary general half-yearly meeting el the Empress Gold-mining Company was 'held at the company's office on Tuesday, 13th January, at 7 p.m. ; Mr Rosales in the 4ihr, The retiring direcabors, Meesrsa W. ji dner, Donal4,.Maoleod, and J. L. Itberts were re-elected, and Meesars. Dowling eand Patterson werea oleoted auditors for the owning six months. At the extraordinary Meting of theaunceomptpny held qb pi. Os the same, day, it Was decided to borrow the sum of £4,000 from the Bankl of Vicaris, and the directors were authoriased togive the ewesary security. When the Shire Bill-says the Argus was passing through the Council, it was amended in the 7th clause, so as to preserve the distinction between road boards and shires, with the object of causing the former to unite for the purpose of becoming entitled to be shires by having at least a revenue of £1,000 per annum from a is rate, exclusive of any Government subsidy. As the act has now passed, it appears there is a greater inducement for union than was at first understood. The old act of 1863 is not repealed so far as road boards are concerned, and they therefore remain entirely as they were, whilst the new act refers to shires only. The effect of this is, that whilst shires will get a subsidy of £2 for every £1 of rates collected under the new act for the next four years, the road boards are only entitled to a subsidy of half that amount under the old act; but by uniting and forming shires, they will at once become entitled to the increased subsidy. A new board, called the Howqua Road Board, re cently proclaimed, has been left out of the schedule altogether, and what its position is at the present moment is not very apparent. There are 51 districts affected by the new act, and they can unite with one another, or with an adjoining borough, for the purpose of increasing their power and revenue.under the new law. The exaggerated estimate which Dr. of his functions has not escaped the observa tion of Humbug. That clever publisatibn contains a most excellent cartoon, on the recent arbitrary and uncharitable treatment of the Rev. R. Hayward by his Bishop. His Lordship is pourtrayed sitting at his library table, issuing the episcopal decree for the "disestablishment" of the unfortunate pastor of Kow; and standing before the Bishop with his hand extended in an admonitory style, is the shade of Pius IX., who ob. serves, " Ah, my dear Bishop, low church, eh I and interdict a minister without trial that's more than I dare do I" The picture is a good satire, and well worthy of preser vation. The appearance of a somewhat do. spondent article by " Q' on comic journals appears to have given rise to the belief that Humbug was about to retire from the field; the Daily Telegraph being the first to give currency to the rumour. Humbug's "dander" is evidently excited by this misapprehension, and he denies the rumour,in the following paragraph :-" The announcement of a change in the editorial conduct of this pape,r has afforded a pretext for the industrious cir. culation of a rumour to the effect that Hum bug was about to cease publication. The Daily Telegraph seems to be the only journal that was " sold" by this somewhat malicious jest, and it ate its apologetic leek with a rather wry face, in Tuesday's issue. Weare not sorry to see that pert little paper confessing to a little healthy stupidity, for we were at one time of opinion that its dreadful "smartiess" would be the death of it. The Telegraph replied on Thursday with a somewhat dubious peace offering:-" Hum bug put in an appearance yesterday, and professes its disgust at the rumour that its decease was imruinent. Humbug confesses that it has had fears that " dreadful smart. ness" would kill this journal. Stupidity is characterised by our, contemporary as "healthy." In that case there need be little wonder should Hlumbug pursue a prosperous career. People will be inclined to regard it as the ' healthiest' of journals." The leading article of this issue of lhumbug is a trenchant commentary on the recent doings of Dr. Perry, and the rest of the reading matter is of the usual fr.cetious description. On Thursday, at noon, the publicans' and confectioners' booths on the Bairnsdale race. course will be sold by auction by Mr Morgan, auctioneer. The upset price, it has been announced, of each booth will be five guineas, and it is essential that each intend ing competitor pay a subscription of L3 3s previous to the sale taking place, The annual general meeting of the eab scribers to the Gippeland Hospital will be held on Friday evening, at 8 o'clock, in the Council Chambers. Calls are announced to have been made in the following companies :-Happy-go.Lucky (lat), 3s per share, payable on or before 21st inst.; South Cohen's (3rd), of 10s per share, payable on or before February 7th. Meetings of mining companies are an nounced to take place on thefollowingdates : -Berwick Amalgamated (to increase the capital), on Feb. 5th; Tangil Cement (extra ordinary meeting, to authorise the borrow ing of money), 18th Peb.; South Cohen's (half-yearly general meeting), Jan. 25th. Important notices to shareholders in the Prince Alfred Co., and Eureka Prospecting Amalgamated G.M. Co., relative to the forfeiture of their shares, appear in our ad vertisement columns. We observe that the second of a series of popular readings will be held at Bairnadale, in the sohoolroom on Thursday evening next. As the proceeds are to be devoted to the school funds, it isto be hoped the movement will meet with success. The annual general meeting of thn sab .?cribers to the Mechanics' Institute will be hold to-morrow evening at eight o'clock ;and after the election of office bearers for the currment year a special general meeting will be held to consider the advisability of having a free library in connection with the institute. A cricket match will be played to-morrow on the Sale ground between an eleven from Glencoe, and a like number of the sale United. Punch's cartoon of last issue is admirable and well timed. "The Ghost that oughtto be laid" is a weird and repulsive allegory of the plagues that are festoering in the alleys and drains of the -city, through ineffeient drainage. A few impressive lines dedicated to the Mayor and Corporation, urge them to shako off apathy and exert themselves to "lay with its pestilett minions the ghost that ought to be laid." The history of a telegram" sota forth how secrets are kept in that Department at Melbourne. The.half-yearly general meeting of share r holders in the Thomson River Copper Mining Company was held on Friday at the offices, 37 Market.street. The Hon. W. Degraves oocupied the chair. The directors' report stated that the arrangement siancotioned by thB general meeting of the shareholders, held on the 8th November last, relative to the amalgamation with the Gippsland Copper Minining Company, had not been carried out. This has arisen from the impossibility of getting the necessary quorum of directors to attach the corporate seal of the company to the deed of amalgamation. The accounts to be submitted to the meeting had not been audited, as no auditors had been appointed for a long time. The balance-sheet submitted stated that the receipts during the half-year had amounted to L193 143 2d ; but this sum included a balance of L82, carried forward from the preceding half-year. The liabilities amounted to L48 17s lid, but a balance of L13 Is Id was still left on hand, and L65 58 remained due on unpaid calls. The report was adopted, and the balance-sheet was referred to the auditors, who were appointed as stated below. Messrs W. Degraves, H. Dendy, jun., G. Craig, and W. Pearson were appointed directors, and the auditors elected were Messrs H. Elder and Robert Warry. After some conversation relative to the amalgamation with the Gippsland Copper Mining Company, it was agreed to empower the directors to affix the seal of the company to the deed of amalgamation, and take any other necessary steps to complete the transaction. The legal manager, Mr R. Schlesinger, stated that from the press of private business he would be forced to tender his resignation. The meeting thanked MdrePal Jisikage. ..+h ýoeks.****4 sos Srendered to the company, and accepted his n resignation. After some slight discussion, e Mr Scott was appointed as legal manager, t and the proceedings terminated. Tangil and Latrobe Mining Company, North Gippsland.-The machinery for the first claims] to be operated on by this corn. r pany, known as the Tangil Golden Cement Company, arrived on the ground on Monday night, and Air Rees Davies, late of Clunes, reached the Tangil on the following day to superintend the erection of the company's battery, &c.; In conjunction with Mr C. T. Nicholls, manager pro tem., Mr Davies has already started work, and it is quite likely that this company will test the value of the golden cement first. The yield is calculated to be from 7dwt. to over an ounce to the ton, but of the payable character of the result no onehere doubts. The first week in February will no doubt yield a record of facts from one or more claims, and set speculation at rest by actual results from the crushed material. On the Latrobe River, the Band of Hope and Mark Tapley prospecting areas ha ve been suspended for a short time. Up to date a number of shallow shafts have been put down and cuttings completed that have proved the outcrop of cement to be superficial deposits, and shafts have been sunk in the direction in which the deeper ground is indicated by the shallow workings. One shaft, down 40ft., is in a white chalky rock of precisely the same character as the rock over the cement at the Tangil. On the south side of the river a shaft down the same depth is in decomposed basalt, but cannot be far off the cement, which is seen in the bed of the river. It is proposed to sink one or both theose shafts as a test of the value of the property. A neigh bI ouring claim has a shaft down 65ft. in the same kind of decomposed basalt, and drain ing a little water. Mr T. F. Bullock has beeoon appointed a trustee of land set apart on Septemhber 4th, 1863, for Church of England. purposes at Stratford, in place of Thomas Matthews resigned. The cancellation of the licenses of Mr Cook, Dargo; D. Fullerton, parish unnamed: and Samuel Jeffrey, of Wy-yung; has been revoked. The, acceptance of A1r John Carpenter's tender-for works towards the formation of a new entrance to the 'Gippiland Lakes (portion of tender for £11,645) at £1900-is gazetted. We find the following notifications relative to the law courts in Friday's Gazette : Courts of Petty Sessions will, in future, be held at Palmerston on Wednesday, at Alber tonon Tuesday, and at Tarraville on Monday, in each week at eleven o'clock. The next Cirouit Court at Sale will be held on April 13th; the next Court of General Sessions on 9th February ;ditto at Alberton (Palmeora ton) 16th February, We are gratified in being able to congratu. late the public on what appears to be the ultimate settlement of a long.standing and aggravated dispute, between two local bodies that should be on the most amicable terms. The Sale Borough Councillors yesterday afternoon met the members of the Avon Shire Council on the subject of the approach to Sale from the west-the Cnninghame. I street Bridge. Mr Little occupied the chair. The subject was opened up by Or Platt, of Sa!le, one of the members of the original Sjoint Conference, who gave a lucid explanas. tion of the difficnulty froith the time it had first arisen. Cr. Ross followed in a speech, charaoterised by much prolixity, in favour of the original basis of agreement, sanid argued that the erootion of the Cuninghame.street Bridge was decidedly to the advantage of the Avon Shire, and they wore in face evading their just responsibility iri refusidg to pay their share of its cost after cenatrenationas the Avon Shire had, by thefr silence, after due notice had been given, left the Sale Council to infer th.- they would acquiesce in the erection of the bridge, and on the strength. of the notice in question they had proceeded with and finished the bridge. .In fact, they had beeoon permitted to spond their money on this bridge under the supposition that their outlay would boe subsidised by the Avon Shire. He would be willing to relegate the matter with confidence to an independent outside arefereeoo. The speaktrer finally moved that the resolutions adopted.by the conference be oarried out in their integrity. After con Ssidorablo discussion-ii which the Mayor, Mr 6 Outhridge, questioned whether the acts of the meeting, having no legal status, could be binding, Cr. Meery, of the Avon Council Smoved, with a view to effect a sompromise, "that both Councils agroe as follows :-The Avon 8hire Council to expond L120 on tho. road to Cuninghamoe-stroeet bridge, in addition to L60O placed on the Shire Council's schedule of works for lISt g year. The Sale Borough Council to adoept , this as payment in full of all demands, and a Join the Shire Council in requesting the pro. clamstion of the main road from Foster V street bridge to Pearson's bridge." Cr Bolden I seconded this amendment, and spoke at co n siderable length. CrPlatt and the Mayorwere of opinion that if Cr Merry altered his figures to LSD in place of LGO, it would meet the views of all parties and the matter would come to a settlement. As the memlbers appeared to be growing more friendly towards each other, this concession was from every aspect advisable. The movers of the other resolutions expressed their willingness to withdraw in favour of Cr. Merry's, on this concession being male; and, after several speakers bad given their opinions at great length, Cr. Merry ;consented to the ameondment in his resolution, which, on being put by the Chairman, was carried unanimous ly. The membersuf the conference shortly after separated. Last night there was a total eclipso of the moon. There is nothing very interesting in such an event, either in a scientific way or as a matter of curiosity, but the sky was beautifully clear, affording those interested in such matters an excellent view of the phenomenon. The following are the phases of the eclipse as seen from the Melbourne observatory :-First contact with the earth's shadow 10 37 p.m.; beginning of the total eclipse, 11 37 p.m. ; middle of the eclipse 12 26 a.m.; end of total eclipse 1 15 a.m.; last contact with penumbra 2 16 a.m. We regret to learn that the unfortunate man Clews. who was thrown from his horse and whose distressing case we reported on Saturday--t ill continues in a very pro carious state. He was quite delirious yester day, and last night became very violent, so that the Hospital authorities had to resort to the use of the strait-waistcoat. Tiu is closely watched night and day, additional assistance having been procured for the purpose. On enquiry yesterday, we were informed that his ultimate recovery was just possible, though hardly to be ex pected, The special meeting of subscribers to the Gippsland Hospital, called for yesterday afternoon, lapsed, a quorum not being pre sent. By our advertising columns it will bh seen that another meeting is called for this afternoon, at the Council Chambers, at 4 o'clock The business is to elect auditors. The smart little schooner Albert arrived at. Bairnsdale -yesterday from- Melbourne, with a.large miscellanneous cargo. This, we may remark, is the vessel's first voyage since the accident which befell her at the Lakes' Entrance last year. The Albert left Melbourne on the 8th i net. It is notified by the Board of Education that applications will now be rec eived for the support of schools in localities where the average attendance of children does not exceed twenty. 