TABLE X A j y m C -KT t JSERIOUS ACCIDENT,—. . {—A short time since ^MrvAi^-^Atisii,'iofj ; iKawdon Vale, and ayotme.in^naii^lBojKA^K: vltvhilst riding through the DuShafter MttleV^anie: . across a quantity of wild raspberries,but iii ! iord?f 'to get at them it was necessaiy to iride tjiK>i4fh- ^ "tf'quaatity of nettles. It was not obserredthat the^rse8'Cftred,niiidi^'or-the»E^at tho *imftsbut whilst crofiSng axreek"pat their iefarn, ^oththfe % animals bucked and plunged tert'ibly. ^^JMrJ ICowS wasTSii^"thrown7ahd«?caped wUh some ^ bruises, the resultof a.contaet.with the rocksjn the bed of th'eVtream j but 'Mr! LinniE'very nearly lost his life,-for he fell head-foremost, with bis jcet fast in the.,stirrup, arnjj.t was .aljihst his, compamoiLcbuld.dafo.r^sc.ue.lum^ continued to plnnge until death put an end to its ' IuffcringC""We^ a statement to the effect that it ii very dangerous to take horses into water for some hours after they have been'stungby nettles, and our only surprise is tliat this circumstance had escaped the notice of accomplished busluncn, such as the gentlemen^named by our correspondent. WORTHKEMEHBEEING.—We are informed by a gciftleman'who has frequent occasion^to' cross deep'^treams; often >-henitbey are iii ti swollen state, that it is very unwise to allow a horse to drink when about to makp one pf these dangerous passages. His jown words jare :—" I have always noticed tliat'if yoii'r horse is permitted to drink just ^s he-enters jthe -river, lie-will kepp smackuigtKis ^lips.- arid stumbling-all the way over. ,It is much safer when about-to cross-a baa ford to. water, the animal half-an-hour, or even a few,>minutes, before attempting it." . It may be worth while for some of our readers jo remember this. NEW/ENGLANT) AS it JS, AND. AS IT.WAS.— A j porrespondent:says,that iw'enty .years ago all the flour used in New England was'carfced at a very serious cost from Sydney,andthe.squattefsfound it absolutely necessary to grow wheat for their own consumption, because, they werfl'tinablc to submit to the enormous 'charges of-the carriers. But when the grain hfiid been grown there were no'mills at which itcould be converted into flour, and the hand steel mill, then called " Bungay- Bungay," was called-into requisition. He says upon large stations-two men were kept grinding all the year round, and that whilst the meal was : coarse it was wholesome, and so generally used that although he was constantly in_the habit of travelling Jhrougji the country he met with no other,flour 'a^t any,bf the,stations. 7 Latterly, however, all this is changed.- New England has now a number of excellent •flour .mills,-and-not only produces wheat enongh forits own consumption,but itcould export largely if theroads were put in proper condition. " The other day our correspondent saw a quantity of excellent flour jicar Gloucester, and was told that it came from Walcha, from which pl iee the station he alludes to is distant 110 miles- 1 —nearly twice as 'far as"it is to Raymond Terrace, and yet it was put down there' at 5a lower price, and also supcrior to ;anything that could be got from.Sydney. Theseare some of tbo changes which have been" brought about by free selection. HAIL STORM.—A violent storm, at first of bail, and then .of rain, during which the wind blew almost a hurricane, passed over Tirioneo onWednesday last. It lasted about two hours and then seemed to pass to the north-east. A good many trees were .up- roqtcd, but beyond thisiio -further damage has been reported. -THE MINISTE-T.—The Mercury's telegram dcs-. patched, at 9 o'clock on Mouday night, states' that-no Ministry had then been formed, and this agrees with .a letter from a member of the Assembly dated on Monday afternoon, in which we are assured that no Government formed by Sir JAMES MAETIN will be satisfactory even to his ow-n.party. CONCERT.—A -very successful concert in aid of tbe Building Fund of Mitchell's Island. Public School came off on the, evening of the'9th inst. at Croki,—Mr. JICWHIRTEE, Chairman, of the Local Board presiding. .Thoperformances gave entire satisfaction to an audience the size of which may be inferred from the fact that about seven pounds were taken at tho door. The contact for alterations and improvements iu the buildiug has been given to Mr. CARLE, who promises to complete them with as little delay as:possible. INFORMATION FOR TIIE POLICE.—Wei have several letters which complain that the blacks in the South Passage have been recently—upon more than one occasion—supplied with intoxicating liquors by somebod3' who resides in that locality; One of onr correspondents describes' the liquor as a kind OF honoy-bb'er which not only iiiebHates but maddens those who imbibe it freely," and he mentions that one niglrt last week serious apprehensions were entertained that murder would be' committed by some of these drunken crehtures.' . Spears/ bo6tnerangs, :: &c;'.j were'thrown in nil directions, and fire-sticks were borne iii dangerous proximity to the bark huts of oystermen and other settlers^' Tho noiso and strife were continued throughout an entire night and'sloep'was banished from; the pillow's of all who rosido within a mile of the place at which these drunken revels occurred. On the following morning most of theparties concerned'presenteda very woebegone appearance, many being'more' or less wounded and besmeared with blood. In' view of statements Jike .these, which reach us through what we consider a reliable channel, wo feel justifiod in asking whether the police may not advantageously employ a day ; iu : enquiring wbo supplied tho blacks of tbe South Passage with intoxicating drinks upon several occasions during the/last week. MB. PABKES.—In an address to his late constituents Mr. PARSES says " no consideration . will inducc,him to accept re-clection;" he does ' not say, but of coursc lie menns.^r the present. That he has .consented to retire finally from publie life, is neither asserted, nor can it be fairly in-. ferred from his letter. THE SAW MILLS.—We hear that operations were suspended for some days of last week by the inability of the lessees of the Scott's Creek Mills to procure a supply of logs, many of which are now brought from the vicinity of Oyster Bank. At present there is rather a brisk demand for sawn stuff, several buildings that wc know of being at a stand for want of material, and this although a quantity of boards have been recently brought up from Sydney. Wo shall be glad to hear that'the mills arc again in active operation and that the supply keeps better pace with the demand for building materials. THE Cuors.—It turns out as we honed, thatin many cases the farmers were not so completely ruined as they feared fliey would be by the November flood. Much ofthe maize that was wholly or partially submerged has so far rccovered as to promise a remunerative yield, and iu other cases settlers who have gone at it with a will are getting on bravely with their work of re- plnnting, so that after all, the maize crop of 1S70-71 will probably not fall more than one third below tbe usual average. Of the wheat crop we ore unable t-o speak so favorably. Blight and rust had inflicted serious injury before the flood enmc, and more; grain perished then. It would be saying very little to assert that all the wheat grown on tho Maiming this year will be required for local consumption, because this has been the case for some years past; but at the commencement of the present season hopes were entertained that tliia would be an exceptionally good crop—that wo should cscape both blight and rust—whilst it has turned out that the armors had to encounter both diese unwelcome visitors, antjg to bear a flood in harvest-time besides. The result is as might have been antiated. The potato crop will be moderately fair, u.^some cases this esculent was entirely desroyed, and ip others partially injured by the lood, but there will he. after all, a fair crop of otatoes to' be thnnkful for. S ivibif. LITERATURE.—We have the third nu^ber'bfJA'iJUi South Wales Medical Gazette, of ®§||wejave _already expressed a favorable Opmlqn. J^?tii8 issue contains a second article Dr. BBOWN upon^Rhysitf FT relation tb the causes and modifiewtitm ofMi§ease8;"1» npmber of cases illust&tivc; ofrHfip beneficial effects of Carbolic A<p,V crffioSi paper upon tumors of the scalp, on^upon the Ijreatment^tfiolic Jjy; FJI uuiiu,i infktin^theJjo wot^ith -a- ^^ljbws.j^^idesi .in. fd|top|J-: '^ajad jofher JgfliBje^. WShavealsothelast—mmi more senses than one— TO^tairSlim^maWESiimm^s^eT" having uowt gi ven up the ghost fpr. want of adequate patrohage.' • -We'fear if'all the newspapers in New.South Wales that are-in-the -same prodicament_were discontinued there would be a •jrfoffia^^f&^ifofefetKe-^aud,; frt-' 5 inajonty ^Tprintcrs, or rather~orT«iblisliers— ' cert3mly-in-+be"-conntry, and-wc- bdieTc"in~thetown also—havcjbeen-going on atpioss for some years ^)gst./- How.lbqg tlns^stata offthings'Vould qndure if left,alone it is impossible to sayl but sitieie JoWhahsm lias tcacfed So'1bw^an : eWlC has btome»eee6ia^-for"tli6«o'lTri»6"ai!^vmost interested, to consider^rwhejther any adequate remedy can. be. found "for"'the evi], and, if.not, whether it will toot "be prudeSt "to' kdopt 1 the ; course pursued hy4keJpu^nal{>Tjliducalion and retire whilst retreat ir possible'.Upon this subject. *nueh might be written, adyantagqoBsly, b.ut.wc' shdl'.wdfhhold our conyictibns_u^oh a, AETO INTMENT.—Capt.. CREA,&H-;, has^.beiar.ga-lzetted Census Enumerator, for . fanning 1 River., '.'!.'! ','',!' ".J.'.'.- j' A HORSE LOST.—It is reported thata vaJuable horse used by Mr.-JOHN <3ox in workingbis machine!,';"wag -drowned • last Saturday;"whilstcrossing -tho'TSIanningbelow Cundle'to'wnf" Th^ animal hadTjeen newly-shod in'that Village, aud was being led Jiome behind a boat. (• ,v THE BAH.—The channel at 1 the'-rnoutli'Of' the river is now.in excellent condition, ,witli fj-om 12 to 14 feet of water o.ver ihe bar.; The.' steamer can now enter the. Heads ^ven at ebb tide. MK. ALEXANDER M'MILLAN.—We find the following in an account ;of the proceeding's ofthe Annual Meeting ofthe Synodof, Eastern Anstra-I lia: — An application -from Mr. ALEXANDER M'MILLAN, Eocky .-Mouth,, who: had been suspended two years ago, icravibg to be heard by the Synod, was read. The Synod, after Mr.- M HILL AN had withdrawn certain '.offensive "er^ pressions which he tod used in reference to the Courts flf the Church,, ^nd .expressed regret for \- the same, as well as for not appearing Whdh cited to do so, granted'the application. He then procSaded-to make a' statement respecting changes which he bad, several years ago, brought against the late Eev. ALLAN M'INTYRE, and said that he unreservedly-withdrew those charges, and expressed '.regret;that ho had ever\made them. The Synod then agreed that the sentence of suspension which had been passed upon Mr. M'MIL- LAN should bo removed ; and that lbis should be intimated to him by. the Modi-i-ator," with an admonition as to his future conduct, "which was done accordingly. 