TELEGRAPHIC. [FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.] SYDNEY. September 26. The Galatea has been docked, and is found to require extensive repairs. The Aurifera case has been further adjourned. The Governor intends to visit Norfolk Island in the Virago. The markets are stagnant. A arrived: The Boomerang, s., from Brisbane. MELBOURNE. September 26. The B.M.S.S. Malta left the Heads at half-past 6 o'clock this morning. Mr. Bennett has been elected for East Bourke. The New Zealand Parliament has been prorogued. Harris, the Sub-Treasurer, has been committed for trial for embezzlement. The Malta, B.M.S.S., with the incoming English mails, left Melbourne Heads at 6.30 a.m. yesterday, and will probably reach Sydney late to-morrow or early on Thursday. Under these circumstances we may expect the mail here on Saturday next. Anniversary services in aid of the Home, Colonial, and Foreign Missionary Society were preached at the Primitive Methodist Church, Fortitude Valley, on Sunday, that in the morning being by the Rev. J. W. Howes; the afternoon, by the Rev. Mr. Savage; and the evening, by the Rev. E. Fuller. The annual meeting was held at the same place last night, and was well attended, Mr. T. Harding presiding. Addresses were delivered by the Bots. E. Fuller, W. Woolcock, Howes, Buckle, and Mr. 0. Green, and the collections showed an increase on those of last year, the total amount being about £10 10s. Tub Rev. F. F. Agnew re-delivered his lecture on " Preachers and Preaching," in the School of Arts, last evening. There was a large attendance, nearly every seat being occupied. Mr. F. Rawlins presided. The lecturer was attentively listened to, and frequently applauded, and on concluding a hearty vote of thanks was passed to him. Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson then treated the audience to several pieces of vocal and instrumental music, which reflected great credit on the performers. The adjourned meeting of the Reform League will be held at the Town Hall, at half-past 7 o'clock this evening, when the clauses of the constitution will be further considered. Otra advertising columns contain Segults Generates of the Supreme Court, ordering that the date of the day of the month in the juries of tOl affidavits sworn, to be used in any proceeding in the Court, shall be in handwriting in extenso, and not printed or in figures; also that all matters set down for hearing before His Honor Sir James Cockle, Chief Justice. upon Wednesday, the 28th instant, are adjourned until Wednesday, the 26th October next. At the Central Police Court yesterday, three persons brought up for drunkenness and disorderly conduct were cautioned and discharged, James T. O'Shaughnassy, a bushman on the spree o, was brought upon three separate charges of disorderly conduct, assaulting the constable who arrested him, and destroying the con- stable's uniform. He pleaded guilty to all three charges, and was fined 20s., or seven days, for assaulting the constable, and was ordered to pay the damage done to the uniform, amount- ing to £3 10s., or go to gaol for one month. A maoistkbul inquiry was commenced, yesterday by F. Rawlins, Esq., Police Magistrate, touching the death of an infant, name unknown, which was found in the Brisbane River on Thursday last. The only evidence taken was that of Dr. Hobbs, which was to the effect that the body was that of a full-grown male infant, newly born. It was very much decomposed, and probably had been in the water about a fortnight. In the then condition of the body it was impossible to judge whether the child had been born alive. We have been furnished with samples of sugar from the plantation of Mr. C. Heussler, at the Pimpama. The first is a fine bright,, large-grained yellow counter, worth about £37 per ton. The next is a " first syrup " sugar, rather darker in color and finer in the grain, and the third sample is' a " second syrup " sugar, which may be classed as a low brown counter or first-class ration. Mr. Reginald Harris boiled the sugars from which the samples were taken. A supplement to the Government Gazette, published yesterday, contains a notification of a deed of composition, dated August 25, 1870, between Mills Wormald, of Rockhampton, auctioneer, and Thomas Skarratt Hall, manager of the A.J.S. Bank, Wm. Pattison, butcher, and Edward Pike Livermore, merchant, all of the same place, accepting on behalf of the creditors of the said M. Wormald the sum of one shilling in the £ on their respective debts. I Tub performance of the Hussey and Holly troupe at the Victoria Hall last evening was very largely attended, and was even more successful than on their first appearance. Every portion of the programme, which was a most attractive one, was given by the Minstrels in a manner that called forth loud and well- deserved applause. The demand for encores was remarkable. Everybody seemed to want everything repeated. With great good nature a number of these calls were responded to. Miss Blanche Clifton's singing seemed to be highly appreciated, and elicited an encore. The quartette by Messrs. Ackland, Newton, Reeves, and Campbell was given in a manner seldom heard in Brisbane, and was also loudly encored. Charles Holly's singing and dancing were excellent, and brought down the house. Mr. Newton's performances on the violin were remarkable. He is certainly the most accomplished violinist that has ever appeared in Brisbane. The performance concluded with the farce of " The Ghost in the Pawnshop," which kept the audience in roars of laughter from first to last. The entertainment is the best of the kind that has ever been witnessed in this colony. The Perseverence Gold-mining and Quartz crushing Company (says the Rockhampton Bulletin of the 21st instant have been prevented for some months past from working their reef by too much water. The directors have now decided on re- commencing operations, and have erected a powerful whim for the purpose of keeping the water under. We learnt last night, from a man who left Bonnie Doon yesterday morning, that the erection of the whim is completed, and it. will commence work this morning, and be kept going day and night. It is expected that in about three days the shaft will be dry. The Rockhampton Bulletin, of the 20th, says:?" The vagaries of the Banana beaks beat cockfighting. Early in August, Mr. S. B. Davis, of the firm of Johnson and Co., of this town, started up-country to take possession under power-of-attorney of sheep, of which Mr. William Hill was the mortgagee. Mr. Davis found 1119 sheep near Spottiswood, in the Banana district, and supposed to be from Mount Playfair Station, in the charge of Mr. Peter Walsh, brother of Mr. David Walsh, the mortgagor. He took possession, after which a person named Bligh came and claimed the sheep for Mr. James Reid. Mr. Davis said the sheep were in his possession, and that he would not part with. them. He afterwards sold them to Mr. Charles B. Dutton. Mr. Reid forthwith laid a criminal information against Mr. Davis for sheep-stealing, and on the 10th August that gentleman appeared before the Banana Police Court, on the polite request of the police sergeant, backed up by a warrant, charging him with sheep-stealing. The prosecutor was not ready with his witnesses, and the prisoner was in consequence remanded by the Bench for twenty-eight days. The sitting magistrates were Messrs. A. Ferguson and R. Miller. At the expiration of the remand, Mr. Davis again appeared, and another remand for twenty-eight days was at once granted, without any evidence having been gone into, on the ground that the witnesses for the prosecution were not in attendance. Mr. Davis protested against this further remand, but without avail. On the second occasion there was but one magistrate on the Bench, Mr. Ferguson. We are informed that proceedings were taken against Mr. Dutton also, who bought the sheep from Mr. Davis, for feloniously receiving the sheep knowing them to have been recently stolen, and that that gentleman, after having been brought down to Banana, had to procure bail to escape the lockup. This, if true? and our informant is a highly respectable one is the most extraordinary procedure it has ever been our lot to record." 