PROTESTANT MISREPRESEN- TATIONS. IT is not Our custom to take notice of articles misrepresenting Catholic affairs or doctrine which appear in the religious publications of other denominations, for in the first place, it is not our mission to do so, and in the second, it is usually of no advantage to take such a course. But there are exceptional cases in which a departure from that rule may be useful, and the appearance of an article in the Melbourne Church News, entitled "The Pan-Roman Synod and the Anti-Roman Reaction," appears to be an instance of the kind. As the title of the article signifies, its object is to represent the General Council as not oecumenical, and to persuade the readers of the Church News that a reaction against its decisions has set in. The publication named is usually fair, and sometimes even liberal, in its comments upon Catholic affairs; for which reason it is the more surprising to us that upon an altogether superficial knowledge of the subject which it has ventured to treat in the article referred to, it misrepresents the General Council, and the consequence of its decision on the Schema of infallibility. As its assertions are numerous, we can only refer to those of most importance, and even with some of these we shall be obliged to deal briefly. It alleges that though theoretically all that goes on in the "Synod" is an impenetrable mystery, yet by some'meains the' secrets are one by one correctly ascertained. Now the fact is that there is scarcely a single Bishop to whom utterances palatable to Protestantism were attributed who has not indignantly denied their truth. And of those, ecclesiastics who opposed the definition whilst it was yet an open question, and therefore a proper one for discussion, there, is not one who has had more frequently to vindicate himself from Protestant calumnies than the illustrious Bishop of Orleans, and he is the man who,, by the Church News, is first mentioned in the light of an uncompromising opponent to the doctrine of Papal infallibility, ; But the fact is ihatMgr. Dupanloup, before the definition, stated that the subsequent submission of the bishopsthetr dissenting would be to the world a, convincing proof of the unity, of/ike Ghurch." That eminent man was guided in his opposition by the ntost ! conscientious motives: He professed himself a believer in the infallibility' of 1 thf Supr?me.Head; of tl^^tiMi;aj^^rely questioned, ,tKat .'.tliQ defini)^^; /vrqw j opportune,, ,]ja.ther, ( JiOT^apy,,^ fli other iMiops.iwha^'Op^s^Mitj^thjiyihi now the proof of unity which, as lie said, ission would afford. The Chureh has, spoken and from discord all is harmony, m proof of which we may quote the opinions of those Continental journals which,- reprer senting the opposition, were decided in heir hostility to the Schema. The Corresponding, which is the chief organ in France of that party which has been known in. Rome as"the Opposition," and which from the beginning threw the whole weight of its authority and the resources of its talent^ which are not small, into the scale of the minority, now loyally declares: that in regard to the doctrine of Infallibility " it had beforehand promised its filial submission to the decrees of the Council, whatever they might be; that it has now nothing to add, nothing to withdraw from 1 the precision of this declaration; that it does not recognise in itself nor in any journal the right to interpret the decrees, but that it will be led by the Bishops, whose : duty it is to guide their consciences. " The Annates Eeligieicses'oi Orleans says, "now that the Holy Ghost has accomplished His' work, that the voice of God has been heard 1 by the mouth of the Church in Council, let all the children of the Spouse of Christ warmly embrace one another, fcr there is but one fold and oiie Shepherd." The Francois, which among Catholic papers was equalled in impudence and unscrupulous assertion and insinuation only by the 1 Gazette de France, speaks in the same sense: "The decision,"it says, " has closed the controversy ; freedom of opinion gives way to what in the future belongs to the province of faith." Even Mgr. Ketteler before' leaving Rome addressed a letter to the Pope full of expressions of devotedness and submission, heartily accepting the doctrine that had been defined. Cardinal Hauscher visited the Pope, and expressed the same sentiments ; so also did others. The Church News, to satisfy its readers that there is a reaction, quotes what ' Bis- hops Strossmeyer and Dupanloup were reported to have said before the definition, but it does not, because it cannot, quote aninstance of Episcopal contumacy after the definition. There is no reactbn,, there is not the defection of a single prelate to justify the assertion to the contrary. Pere Hyacinthe alone has protested, but the imagination that can make much of that fact must have an extraordinary magnify!- ing power. The Church News, copying the tactics of the English Protestant journals, attaches ail importance entirely undeserved and unwarranted to the fact that there was not unanimity in the votes of the Episcopacy in favour of the Schema. It represents that a large number had retired from the Council before the votes were taken, because their opposition and remonstrances would be of no avail. But it is well-known that most of the Bishops who left Rome before the Council had decided in favour of the-definition, did so on account of the troubled state of Europe and a'necessity for a return to their dioceses. And it is also known that of those who were obliged to leave thfe majority were in favour of the definition; The' voting really was, placets 450, nonplacets 88, and conditional votes, <32, This was not unanimity, but the Bulletin du. Concile, conducted by the Fathers of the Society of : Jesus; * definitively removes this question out of the field of argument. Iti an article entitled " Arithmetic and the . Opposition 1 Bishops," that journal records three facts 'in ecclesiastical history to shoW that moral un&ninkity; was utterly unknown, in the early ages as a condition of dogmatic definitions. The Bulletin du Gondle says : At Nice, 22 Bishops : out of'318 supported Arius. ' Among the•> Prelates wliV favoured the heresiarch were men celebrated in tlieir day as writers, like niusebius oF Cajaarea, possessing influence at pojart, apd; famous for .learning and eloquence.^They had, •jyritten -works in defence of religioPj SWne. of which .are qupted even at -this day, ,os remarkable monuments of ecclesiastical antiquity. Yet the Council put thiem aside, .and, condemned both, the heresiarch and his partizans. J .i " , i At Constantinople, the blasphemy of M&ceidonius;,, who denied .the, J?iviuity -of the, Hojy Ghost, was defended,by-86 Bishop>sojit of 147- The Cdtincil put them aside, and the heresy was anathematized. -i.' > At EjjheSus, 69 Bishops out of l98,separated from- the,;Council,and sided, mtli ^esfcorius. The Couneil put them aside, aud the heresiarph was . deposed aad'.excommanicatqd. The numbers! in feachibase jweiifchose.rjpy^-by^Meujy, thftirtipdel jiiatoifei). pfttfre GtaJUcan, adjool. 1 Now' what Vatican. s w^mff-f^^yjaw,^|uu.( «» .irietical calculation,, W?J1. ,?hpw what on the number of' opposition ' sembly to equal the minorities wMoh did not prevent the first three (Ecumenical Councils from publishing' their anathemas: It is a case of simple proportion:— Nice ; 318 : 22 : : 7S0' : 51 Constantinople :.. 147 : 3G : : 750 : 183 Ephesus ; 198 ': <59 : : 750 : 261 •-. If then the opposition to the definition; of Papal infallibility should muster 51 votes, the Vatican Council will put them aSide, as at Nice. : If the opposition counts 183 voices, the Vatican Council will put them aside, as at Constantinople. If,, lastly, the opposition should attain to the number'of 2C1, the Vatican Council •will put them aside, as at Ephesus, "and the -new heresy will take its place with those of Arius, Macedonius, and Nestorius." . f Bulletin du Concik, p. 629.) . The Church News implies that the Coun cil was not free; but statements to that effect have'been so often made and so often controverted, that it is unnecessary for us to givethis one morethan a positive denial. We may, however, remark that its freedom was o very remarkable, that even an unhappy apostate Munich priest, who was rewarded for liis ajjostacy by the appointment of chief librarian at St. Petersburg, has had the candour to say that " no Council was ever more free nor more independent than that of the Vatican. 411 constitutional minorities," he adds, "have at every epoch complained of the want of liberty." The minority were subject to no greater influence than is exercised by the majority in every deliberative assembly. The names of the more prominent Bishops who opposed the definition are paraded •with great admiration by the Church News, and among these is mentioned Bishop Strossmeyer, who is represented as having said that " when the protests made against the innovations were left unanswered, several of the opposition party should have forthwith •withdrawn from further participation in the Council." The Saturday Review, and also the Pall Mall Gazette, from whom the Church News appears to derive its ecclesiastical information of this character, attributed to Bishop Strossmeyer something even more vehement than that quoted by the Church News. These journals represented him to have declared " that the believers in the personal and separate infallibility of the Pope mtist >be- mad." But unluckily for thesefwriters of fiction, the Bishop himself contradicted those state • ments, and with regard to others less violent, lie, as reported by the Abbe d'Alzon, did himself honour " by offering excuses for the vivacity of his language on a former occasion." The name of Mgr. Maret is also introduced by our contemporary as being one of the Bishops who vainly to the last opposed the Schema. If the Church News had been better informed on tlie subject, it would have known that Mgr. Maret had previously asserted most emphatically that the Pope was bound by the very constitution of the Church to agree with a majbrity t>f Bishops: in a Council. Four-fifths of itjiem with the Pope have pronounbed in ; favpur of the definition, and Mgr; Maret submits with the obedience of a faithful bishop. The ulterior assent of the universal Catholic Church is now given to the dogma. . Even that portion of the Catholic Press by which it was formerly opposed is now respectfully silent, and against such 1 unity of belief on the subject as how prevails amongst Catholics it is vain and foolish for the Protestant Press to strive. By such a : course it Only adds to its own vexation of spirit, for Catholics understand the truth so admirably iexpressed by the Bishop of Tulle when he Baid: » The Pope is infallible, but it is • tn order that we may be infallible. It he has the gift not to deceive; it is became vie have the right not to be deceived" " A meeting was held on Saturdayafternoon. at the French Consulate, for this purpose of demising meains for the support of" the-widows and " orphans of the French army and -wounded sol- |«iers. The majftrity present wtste,;of course, French, but several ' were 1 Irishmen, : and a few belonged to pther nationalities. After some conversation, it Was resolved that the' manager of the Bankof Victoria should be 1 treasurer in • conjunction with Mr.' iT. ! F.i Nerevy. The'following committee was Appointed to collect sub- . scriptions Messrs. G. Arnie, A. Oppenheimer' atid M:; O'Connor; the Vice :06nSul, MJ Follet; •acting as Secretary. . ilodaiae' Follet • reported "Jfiwing collected a sum'ttf i51 toWards'the obT " ? jtet,>ndadditional feubscriptions have;aIsobeen • deceived amounting to' £40; ' Lists bearing the «eal of thfe CoB^ulpte tenbehadoii 'application ttTJi^CoiiBala^'A^l^pl^i •:.••>'•/: v. 'A afe! thiree pMttfes In'ifliS CilyCofo&i; ! , ^h anxious to plaice. jitieir 'ihin ii : fcM ma%r-' .-'d^ires'fo. r«f eifeet"^ irr^i •>r? - i i ? ? T ; i I eris'i 'aTpWo'r the honour for Mr. M'Pherson -, -while a third is desirous that Mr. Alderman Story should be the chief magistrate of Melbourne for next year. Mr. T. Alston his Kitire'd frirm the contest for •Lonsdale ward in favour of Mr. £atetson: ; The appeal to the sympathies of the Prussian residents in Victoria fofr'aid :towards'tiie alleviation of the sufferings of their fellowreountry- .men by the present war has... we learn, been yery heartily responded to. Jt is anticipated that the hon. treasurer will be able to send a further sum of £600 by the outgoing mail. On Saturday afternoon last) after the ineeting held at the French Consulate,; a deputation on behalf of the Count De Castelnau waited; upon M. De .Dollon, as the president of the French Patriotic Association, to ask him to co-operatq., with the French Consulate m affording aid to' the wounded soldiers of France and the' Widows and orphans of those who had fallen in battle. M. De Dollon said he. would have to communicate with his friends before giving an answer. On Monday, M. De Dollon informed the French Consul that the Patriotic Association would be happy to receive him and the chancellor of the consulate into its ranks if they laid down their titles, as the association did not wish to have relations^ with the officials of any Government, and particularly of one that had perhaps ceased to exist. The Patriotic Association wanted to rally under no party flag, and were decided that their association would recognise the flag of France alone. As yet no answer has been returned to M. De Dollon. With the approaching session of Parliament, speculation is revived as to the successor of Sir James Palmer in the Presidential chair of the Council. The candidates are Messrs. Mitchell and Anderson. In the event of Mr. Mitchell's election—which, however, is very improbable— there will be a vacancy in the Chairmanship of Committees. A meeting of Frenchmen was convened by advertisement by M. Drouhet, at Lester's hotel, Ballarat, on Tuesday evening, to form a committee of relief for the wounded, and for the widows and orphans of French soldiers killed in the present war. Nearly, says the Star, as many Irishmen as Frenchmen were present, about 120 persons altogether being gathered on the occasion. M. Fleischhaiier, of Dead Horse, was voted to the chair, and MM. Drouhet and De Dollon addressed the meeting calling on those present to show their sympathy for the soldiers nd the bereaved widows and orphans of France y subscribing towards their relief. Both gentleen spoke warmly, and said that all Frenchen were of but one party, the " party of rance." An article was read from the Moniteur f the 31st July, signed " de Grammont," French policy of opposition to the Hohenzollern candidature for the Spanish throne, and the attitude of France justified in the contest with Prussia. Mr, T. B. Power be&poke;, as an Irishman, the sympathies of his fellow-countrymen for France, and advised the formation of an English-speaking -sub-committee in support of the subscriptions in aid of the 1 French. M. Fleischhauer' was appointed president of the French -committee, M. • Drouhet secretary, and M. Bouvard treasurer. , About £30 was subscribed in the room. It was agreed that the Committees should meet on Saturday'night at Aeschimami's hotel; to render accounts of progress. Mr. M'Donald proposed Empire,.- republic or kingdom, success to France/' which' was deceived , with cheers, the' Frenchmen shouting " 'Viveia Repflblique. r ' ; A meeting of the committee of the Consulate fund for the relief of the French wounded soldiers, their orphans and widows,: was: held on Tuesday. The Press was requested to state that it was without the knowledge ; of "ttife" Consul- General of France'that a deputation waited on M. De Dollon on Saturday last." ;Receipts of further subscriptions were reported, - amounting together to over £200, in- Which, is included Messrs. Harwoofl and Co. 's cheque for £20 as half-proceeds of the representation of Friday ast. The committee resolved, at the same time, to collect subscriptions as before, and; tp continue to deliver to collectors lists' Rearing the eal of the Consulate.' S^b's^tYohs inay be ddressed direct to the Bank of Victoria, Melourne, or to the French Cdnsdlatfe,' 4 Apsley- It will be seen from our South Australian telegrams that the Assembly, in Adelaide has! passed the third reading of the Tariff Bill, andalso a bill authorising the free interchange of. colonial products. ' . <: ., THElntercolonial Legislation Commissionheld their sittings at the Town-hall. , A meeting was held on Monday. The objeot of thercommission is to inquire, and report upori.the expediency of' inviting the feo-operationof the colonies of Australasia with a view to provide-for the extradi- ! tioii of offenders from one colony to another• to provide ;means wherebythe effect of insol- : vency or the gralnting of proliate' or letters of adniiuistratioh in' one colony ftall be "^jftendBd o all ;' the adoptiott of a system whereby execuion may issue in &6y colony upqw the registraaon of,the judgment of. the- Supreme Court of ny other colony; and the' establishment of a Mrt of appeal; ':' s • <' ; ^ • ; .1; -' - The wpll^kno^n 'dK' taiig las presented a etition to the Legislative Council bf iNew'SoutH ales in .faypur.^fi the annexation of the Fiji slands as a^epend^ncy of that colony. ' . " • sffwiffipft [jfymUtfaj',,'states that l£rj pensley, barrister, will contest u wi'th Mr. DJ . Hughes the Representation 0 of' Portland at he forthcoming! gen ! eral election, ^or earlier; hould., the iseat -,of ,Mr Butterd -be-declare acant..;. - • >: • ^ ! . , ., _ O^fajfrlo. , - i ""'W-oiiji»j Jlibb seen thati;hBiUctnr6'byFaSier Kelijro; ' Henry rGxftttan>aad-tHe Irnli (Vplunte?^'" eW fioa^Poftedjtill the 48th ,iuBt,fl ^ , 