? CHARLES DICJEENS. At Gadshill, June 9. BY R. H. STODDARD.- (From " Hearth and Home.") Gadshill is famous. "What of old To the world's poet made it dear; Whether what country gossips told, Or stolen hours of cheer Spent there with men of kindred mind, Less, yet the largest of mankind— We know not and we need not care : Enough that Shakspeare loved the place, And settled in possession there The merriest of his race— Falstaff—whose thirsty spirit still Haunts all the taverns at Gadshill! Could Shakspeare, with prophetic eyes, Who were to follow him have seen, And be—if not so great find ivise— As what man since hath been •? Yet wise and great, in smaller ways, The lords of life of coming days— He wo,uld have chosen out of all Dickens, as knowing most of men, And let on him the mantle fall That was to vanish then ! Long lost, late fopnd, now lost once more— Ah! who itliat mantle shall restore ? Sacred to all'but Shakspeare's shade, And to 'his ghosts of crownless kin»s Abandoned—wretched queens betrayed, And high, 'heroic things, Is Stratford ; let no mortal dare .Disturb its hushed and reverent air! But Gadshill, whither Falstaff went .From .Cheapside (glad to hasten back), Monstrously fat—on .plunder bent— Puffed out wth lies and sack : "What spot of English earth so fit For pne with more than Falstaff's wit ? Nay, Shakspeare's self was not his peer In .that humane and happy art To wake at once the smile and tear, ' And captive hold the heart: Make room, then, Shakspeare : this is he Has taken the throne of mirth from thee. The world of kings and queens is thine : /Thou hast the soldier's, scholar's ear; • England and Rome, Greece, "Troy divine"— . JTamlet, Othello, Lear : Small elves that dance on yellow sands, And .all the spells of fairy lands ! U'his common work-day world of ours; . : Our little ;lives qf joy and care ; Green lanes, where children gather flowers; ,Aijd London's murky air— .Thieves, paupers, women of the town, And the Wack Thames in which they droivn : These were the things that Dickens knew : Before his sight like dreams they passed ; If saddened, he was gladdened too, For sorrow should not last: • Happy-must be bis heart and mind Whose task it is to help bis kind ! Healthy "his nature was, above All shallow griefs and sympathies ; What others hated he could love, And what they loved, despise. His mirth was harder to be borne Than Thackeray's sadness, Byron's scorn. He taught the virtues, first and last; He taught us manhood more and more; The simple courage that stands fast, The patience of the poor : Love for all creatures, great and small, And trust in Something Over All! This gave him more than royal sway; "The'benefactor of the race, He would have wiped with smiles away The tears from every face ! They drop to-day. from many an eye ; He draws them, but'he cannot dry! The hand is .still that.held his pen, His eyes are shut, but no.t in sleep; Weeping around his bed. are.men Who do not often'weep; Laughter no more the house shall fill, For Death is Master at Gadeliill! June 15,1S70. 