OBITUARY. [FROM MEN OF THE TIME.] CHARLES DICKENS. Dickens, Charles, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay department, was born at Portsmouth in 1812\. At the close of the war his father re- tired on a pension, and came to London as parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. Charles, who was placed as a clerk in an attorney's office, was induced by a strong literary bias to obtain an engage- ment as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr. John Black. The editor noticing his readiness and versatility, gave him an opportunity for tho display of his abilities by inserting in his journal those "Sketches of English Life and Character," which were reprinted in a col- lective form, under the title of "Sketches by Boz,' in 1836-7. About the same time he wrote a comic opera, entitled "The Village Coquettes." This graphic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in a ludicrous aspect, did not escape the notice of Messrs. Chap- man and Hall, who requested "Boz" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the "Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." This subject was treated in a manner at once so easy and natural, and with such a flow of genuine humor, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and after his death, by that of Hablot K. Browne (Phiz), the "Pickwick Papers" had an enormous sale, and the name of the author was announced in 1838. The great success of "Pickwick" naturally caused Mr. Dickens to receive a variety of offers from London publishers ; and brought about his connection with Mr. Bentley, who engaged his services as editor of his Miscel- lany, in the second number of which, for February, 1837, appeared the first instalment of "Oliver Twist." This story, which was published in three volumes at the close of 1838, lets the reader into some of the secrets of life as it was too frequently found in the parish- union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villany, which form so dark a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces. Admirably illus- trated by the pencil of George Cruickshank, "Oliver Twist" at once became a favorite, and is still regarded as one of the author's happiest productions. "Nicholas Nickleby," which appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with "Pickwick," shortly after the com- pletion of that work, was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then, and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens states in the preface that these disclosures resulted from a visit of inspec- tion paid by himself to a school of the "Dotheboys" class in the wolds of York- shire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled "Master Humphrey's Clock," and included, amongst other tales, those since published in a separate form, under the names of "The Old Curiosity Shop," containing the episode of "Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity ; and of "Barnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots con- nected with the name of Lord George Gor- don, in 1780. About the time of the publi- cation of "Master Humphrey's Clock," ap- peared his "Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," the celebrated clown, almost the only pro- duction of Mr. Dickens's pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of "Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr. Dickens sailed for the United States, for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Having visited a great part of the country, and accumu- lated a store of materials, on his return to England, in 1842, he published "American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book pro- voked a reply, under the facetious title of "Change for American Notes." In 1844 "Martin Chuzzlewit" appeared in numbers, and in the summer of that year Mr. Dickens visited Italy, and many of the results of his observations were after- wards published in the Daily News. Re- turning to England in the course of 1845, he suggested the foundation of a cheap daily newspaper to advocate the spread of Liberal politics and secular education at home, and show itself the sworn enemy of despotic and arbitrary power abroad. Having organised a large literary staff, and having surrounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day, he commenced the Daily News, Jan. 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and con- tributing to its columns his sketches from the south of Europe, under the attractive title of "Pictures of Italy," which were afterwards reproduced in a collective form. Mr. Dickens soon withdrew from his edi- torial post, and resumed his humorous serial publications. He wrote some stories of a more strictly imaginative cast, called "Christmas Books," of which the first, "A Christmas Carol," was published in 1843 ; the second, "The Chimes," in 1845 ; the third, "The Cricket on the Hearth," in 1846, the fourth, "The Battle of Life," in 1846 ; and the fifth, "The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1848. In ad- dition to the above, Mr. Dickens has written "Dombey and Son,' published in 1857-8; 'Tho History of David Copperfield,' in 1849-50; ' Bloak House,' in 1853 ; 'Little Dorrit,' in 1850 ; and 'A Tale of Two Cities,' ' Tho Uncommercial Traveller,' and ' Great Expectations ;' tho last three having been reprinted from All The Year Bound. In 1850, Mr. (3. Dickons started Hoiuxhold Words, a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which ho conducted for some years ; but a dispute having orison between him and his publishers, ho brought it to a conclusion in 1859, acd established in its place another, similar in plan and form, en titled AH the Year Bound, which hr. still conducts. The first number of a now illus trated serial story from Mr. Dickons's pen entitled 'Our Mutual Friend,' appeared in May 1861. Mr. Dickons hss a high reputa tion as an, amateur actor, is ono of the founders of tho Gnild of Literature and Art, and has boon an active promoter of the Royal Literary Fund. 