Parramatta Annual Eaces, j TUESDAY 27Tn, AXD WEDNESDAY, 2Sru DECEMBER. j .. Owing to tho inolomonoy'of tho weather, tho Parra- matta Races, which were to have commenood on Boxing Day were postponed until the following day. Contrary to oustom a spooial train was laid on, so (hat Sydney lovers of raoing had an opportunity of attending, whioh is not often afforded them. Numbers took advantage of it, and tho courso was very well attended, and towards tho close of .-'.io day thero could hardly hare been less than ono thousand parsons upon tho courso. The Saddling Paddook and Grand Stand woro also tolerably well patronised. The racing was not so good as wo have seen at Parramatta, and tho Into heavy rains bad mado the courso in places slippery and greasy to a dangerous extent, and many really good chancos woro upset by unexpected falls. In the Maiden Plato Sam Davis had a vory narrow squeak for it; and in tho Pony .Handicap young Marttneer got a very heavy fall. Both were shaken and bruised, but wo are pleased to state no bones were brokon. The general management was rathor loose, ond tho starting not so good as is genorally tho ease. But that to a great'oxtent is attributable to tho eagorness'of jookoys to got well away. This was particularly noticeable in tho case of Martinoer in the Pony Raoe, 'and if tho starter does not show moro firm- ness be must not be surprised if on some future occasion othof riders treat him with like inattention. As we hare said, tho'reins of management woro not nearly so well handled OB they might haye boen, and amongst the most prominent features were the absence of û baud and tho unusual number of protests and " barneys" which cha- racterised the meeting. . It is always with great reluc- tance that we feel ourselros. oompelled to find fault, but we cannot in justice to the members of the " Fourth Estate" omit to mention that tho representative of our contemporary " down tho stroot" was refused admission to the Grand Stand, and left out in tho cold. It mayhavo been a mistake made by.tho keeper of tho gate-wo hope it was- but such things should bo guardod against, for when a roporter travels so far away from homo to cor. redly report a raco meeting, he should at least be troatod with courtesy. Tho Maiden Plate was an oasy win for Stanley, who was never extendod. Two out of the three competitors ia the Prince of Wales Stakes fell, and Browney passed tho post first for both heats ; but upon returning to scale ho was disqualified for boing ovorwoight, and aftor some discussion Jerry was declared the winner. Tho District Pumo turned out a good thing for En- gineer as far as the race itself was ooncorneu, but tho owner of tho second horse lodged a protest against his receiving the stakes, on the ground of his not boing the bona-ßde property'of a residon t in tho distriot, and tho question was decided against him. Tho first heat' of the Pony Race was greatly marred by But- cher Boy getting away with a flying start. Ho was novor caught and won with something in hand. In tho sooond hoat the favorite came to earth, and Topsey won aftar a great flutter with Brandy. Stanley had no diffi- culty in placing tho Ladies Purse to Mr Town's orcdit, and that event brought the first day's racing to a termi- nation. On tho sooond day tho attendance was-very meagre indeed, and really the stewards must have a great doal to contend with whon tho town folks ate BO slow in supporting thom. The Tradesmons' Plato was an oasy win for Lieutenant,_and tho others had not the ghost of a chance from start to finish. Tho Pony Handicap, although on paper apparently not tho host game, was a really interesting raoc, and Colley landod Irish Kate vory nearly a length beforo Wcno, who mado a most deter- mined struggle all up the running. Topsy, from somo unexplained cause, pulled up at tho turn and walked in. Butcher Boy did not accept, end the weights wore raised 141b. The measuring of ponies for the coming Tatter- salls Pony Race will bo rather interesting ; for if Irish Rato should pass under tho " Btand," the Homebush olHoials will find thomsolros in a somewhat uncom- fortable situation. Engineer scored tho Town Plato after a rattling good finish with Sir Hercules. Norma and Lottery lind a groat finish for the Hook Race, tho former winning by a short neck. Tho day's sport was wound up by tho Forcod Handicap, which fell to Sir Horoules with Sunbeam second, and Herald third. Wo truet that our Parramatta friends will have a moro successful meeting next time, nnd would suggest, that moro caro bo exercised with .roforenco to the race books, which with regard to some of the events were vory incorrect. Tho following is a dotailed account of tho different events decided on both days : first Itaco.-PAIMIAMATTA MAIDEV PLATE of 3 sovs oach. with lo sovs added : for all maldon horses. Including winners ot 2 year old stakes at the time of eu tranco ; no maldon allowance ; weight for age, socond horso to receive 5 sovs. 1J mile. Penalties for winning after entrance, once, Sib ; twico or more, 7ibs ; not accu- mulai Ko. Mr A. Town's b h Stanley, 4 yrs, Sst 121b.......J. Kean 1 T. Stewart's eg Hector, 4 yrs, Sst Dib.T.Bennett 2 Stccnson's o c Alarm, 3 y rs, 7st Clb. 3 A. Thompson's b c by Kingston, 3 yrs, 7st 61b S. Davis (fell) . Betting : 6 to 4 on Stanley, 2 to 1 agat Hector. The flag was lowered to a rather unsatisfactory start, thc Kingston colt gottiug away well in front, with Alarm and Hector next, and Stanley last. The colt increased his lead along the river side, and led into tho straight ; but on passing the stand, tho other had drawn up within four or five lengths of him. On rounding the turn the leader fell, and the field passed ovor "Davis, fortunately ! without inflicting any serious injury. Hector was now left in command, with Stanley hurd upon him, and thoy ran along tho far side together. Stanley was tho first to ! show from behind the hill, and ho had no difficulty in kéoping his ndvantago, and won easily by half a length, Hector seoond, and Alarm third, about twelve lengths off. Timo, 3min llsecs. Second Race.-PHINCB or WALES STAKE* of 20 sovs, with a sweep of 1 sov each for all horses ; weight for ago ; tho whiner to ho sold by auction immediately after thu race for £30 ; If entered for£25 allowed 711», If for £20 allowed lllbn, If for HW allowed 211bs, any surplus to go to tho race fund. Heals, 1 mlle. Mr J. Cummins's b g .Terry, G yrs, Sst 111b. 1 A. Town's b g Lieutenant, S yrs, Sst llb (fell) Stein's li e Browny, aged, 7st lllb (Diso..) Bolting : 2 to 1 on Lieutenant. FIRST HEAT."-Jerry was the first to show in front, with Lieutenant next, and they ran in that order to tho gate turn, where the favourite carno down n "oroppor," and his example was quickly followed by Jorry. Browney sailed owny alono, and although Jorry waa caught and remounted, he could never quite get up, and had to bo oontent with second billot. Time, 2min 22socs. 'SECOND HKAT.-Browny led to the home turn, whore Jerry joined him, but only for a fow strides, as tho " brown 'un" shook him off, and won at the end by a couple of lengths. Timo, 2min. Third Race.-DILTIUC* PUIIHE of 15 sovs, with a swoep of 1 sov each added, for all starters, the bona fide property of residents ot the district, tc ho handicapped by the Stewards. Second hone to receive .CS from tho prize; one event, twico round. Mr 1!. Braddluk's ch g Kuglncer, 0 yrs, 8st llb. . 1 R. Rutter's b g Herald, aged, Cst 101b,...,. 2 J. Pearce's b g Slow Top, aged,7st 71b......'.... 3 J. Kelly'« b m Sunbeam, aged, Hst 121b .1. Taylor's g g Drum, aged, 7st-21b A very tolerable start sent tho lot away on fair terms, Slow Top, Engineer, and Sunbeam showing in advance Passing the stand, Enginoor was taken to the front, anu with the ruok, headed by " Tho Top," OIOBO in order, led .out oS"eight.'' On entering the straight tho ohesnut still hod the lead, with Slow Top and tho Herald next' At tho turn Sunbeam mado an effort to go up, but it was évident that, she WHS in trouble, and she could not get amongst her horses. No other alteration took placo till tho Inst turn, whore Herald passed Slow Top and wont on in hopeless pursuit of Engineer, who won comfortably, Herald. BÓcond, Slow Top third, and Sunbeam fourth. Timo, Smin 23 j secs. Fourth Race.-1'ONV RACK of IB sovs, with a sweep of 1 sov each Added, for all starten, 14 hands ami undor, to be handicapped. Second pony to receive '4 sovs front' tho. pHso. Heat«, unce round. Mr Stein's br in Topsy, 4 yrs, Sst 41b. 0 1 w.o. ' G. Morrison's li g Brandy ,'4 yrs, 7st 71b. 3 3 . 13. Braddlck's b m Lilly, aged, 7st (car. 7«t 71b) .... 4 S . Armstrong'» b g Butcher Boy, aged, 8st Dib. 1 foll T.King's ob ni Brunette, aged, Ost 101b. 3 0 S. V. Solomon's b h Jerry Wong, ft yrs, Ot 81b .... 0 0 Real's Seven tho Main, at-od, Cst 21b. ..".'..". 0 0 Potting Í 5 to 4 on Butcher Boy, !) to 1 ngst any other, > . * FIRST HUT.-After »great deal of fiddling, tho flog dipped ta » y»ry bad «tart, which gave Butcher Boy fully two lengths' advantage of everything. Bound the dangerous turn hi» immediate attendants wore Brunotto, Brandy natl Lilly. During tho remainder of the journey no material ohango took place, and " Tho Boy" wns . landed an oiuy winner by sometliing liko ft length. Brandy nocond, JJrunotlo third, and Lilly fourth. Time, lmin-10Jsecs. SECOND HEAT,-A better start was effected for this heat, Butcher Boy, Brunette, and Topsy getting away just in front of tho ruck. When nogotiatiugjho turn "Tho Boy" slippod and carno down amongst his horses, and Brunette went on with tho lead, Topsey, Brandy, and Lilly being next in order. After going through tho sand and upon entering tho straight, Topsy, Brandy, sud Lilly wore in a heap and tho light woiglit finishing gamely won a fine race by half a length from Brandy, Lilly third. Time, lmin 41secs. TRIEB,. HEAT.-Butoher Boy having been diatanco in tho scodnd heat, Topsy walked over for tho money. Fifth Race.-LADIES Fonsie of 20 sovs, with a sweep of 1 nov each for all horses that have never won an advertised pr!» exceeding £10 at tlie time of ontrones. Weight (ot age. Uno event, ll mile. Mr A. Town's b h Stanley, 1 yrs, Sst 121b.J. Kean 1 H. Craddick's b h Lijo, 2 yrs. Ut 121b (car. Bat SH)). 2 T. S to war t's oh g Hector, i yrs, Sst DID.J. Bennett S Betting : 3 to 1 on Stanloy. Hector led to tho oppoeito side of tho courue, where tho favorite was called upon and assumed the command. Iago came woll round tho turn and for amomont looked dangerous, but ho could not ask Mr Town's colt to race, and Joo Koan outtingitvory fine landed the dollars easily by a neck. SECOND DAY First Race- The THAIU¿,»IA:.''<\- PUBHE of 20 sovs, with a sweep of 1 sov ouch ; (or all horses : weiirht for ago, the winner to he sold by auction immediately after thc race for 25 sovs ; if entered for £20, allowed 71bs ; if for £15. allowed 1 libs : if for £10, allowed ! 2111)3 ; any surplus to go to tho race fund. Heats, once round. j Mr A. Town's g g Lieutenant, S yrs, Sst SID. 1 Cummings's b a Jerry, 0yrs, 8st 111b. 2 ! J. Watcrworth's b ra Prosody, aged, 7st 111b. i) G Morrison's b g Ilute of Edinburgh, aged, 8st 41b J. Taylor's g g Drum, ugod, 7st 111b. Lieutenant was the favorite, and won both heats with plenty toeparo. Timo first heat, lmin SQsccs ; aoootid, lmin 40secs. Second Race.-VONV llAeE of 10 sovs, with a sweep- of 10« esoh added, for alt starters lt hands and under, to bc handicapped ; one ovent, 1 mile. Socond. pony to receive 2 SOVB from tho prize. Mr J, Kean's b m Irish Kate, S yrs, Sst CU). 1 J liuln's b ni Wena, 0 yrs, 7st 71b.:... 2 Morrison's b g Urandy, -1 yrs, 8st71b . 3 Stein's li m Topsey, 1 yrs. dst 41b E. üraddick's b m Lilly, aged, Ssl T. King's eh in Urunnette, agod, 7.'.t 21b 8\. V. Solomon's b h Jerry Wong, 6 yrs, 7st J. Brown's li p Rarrownlte, 3-yrs, Cst. Th oro waa nothing to grumble nt in tho start, and Lilly, who got best, away, kept at tho hoad of uffairs until just before going behind tho hill with Brandy, Irish Kate, and Topsey in a cluster at hor heels. Upen again ooming into sight, Kate had. all her opponents in trouble. Brandy aud Lilly had hsd enough, und ot the beginning of tho fence VVeno mado a great effort, passed them, and challenged the leader. A'pretty finish onsuod, and Kato was lauded a clever winner by abouts length. Time, 2min. \ Third Race.-Tows PLATE of 30 sovs with a sweep of 2 sovs added for starters ; for all horses, to be handicapped : one ovent, twice round and u distance. Second horse to receive 0 sova from the prize. Mr E. Braddiclt's ch g Engineer, 5 yrs; Sst 21b., 1 Ivory's br g Sir Hercules, 0 yrs, 8st 121b . 2 J. Pearce's b g SI ow Top, agod, 7B t 811). $ G. White's br g IMrldo, 6 yrs, Ost Sib. Engineer wont to the front from tho start, and was not apDroaohod until tho last turn, whon Sir Horculos waa called upon, and a fine set-to took place, tho ohastnut winning after a groat finish by a littlo more than a length, Sir Hercules socond, and Slow Top third. Time, 3min 4230C9. Fourth Race.-A HACK RACE of 10 sovs, with a sweep of 10s each for all horses ; tho winner to be sold immediately after tile raco for £10, «ny surplus to go the race fund. Half a mlle ; ono event : weight, I) stone. Mr J. Taylor's g g Drum, aged.,. 1 ll. Pearce's li g Lottery,sgod . 2 E. Braddlck's » m Jeannette, 6 yrs.,,. 3 Dr Cunningham's b m Norma, aged. Won by a short neck after a good raco. Time, lmin 55aocs. Fifth Race.-FoncED IJANOicAr of 12 sovs, with a sweep of 10s each added ; for all winners, optional to losers, also winners of Pony Raco and Hack «ace. Ono ovent, 1 mile. Mr T. Ivory"* b h Sir Hercules, 0 yrs, Ost 121b.".. 1 P. Kelly's Sunbeam, aged, Dst llb. 2 ? R. Rutter's b g Harold, aged, 7st 101b..,.,., 3 A. Town's b g Lieutenant, & yrs, Sst 71b Cummings* b h Jkrry, fl yr«, 7st fill) , G. Whlto'a br g Darkey, 6 yrs, 7st. This was a very good contest, Sir Hercules, who carno at tho end, winning with something in hand at tho finish, Sunbeam Bccond and Herald, who mado a deni of running in the carly part of the race, third. 