CEREMONY OF LAYING THE FOUNDA- TION-STONE OF THE "MEMORIAL" INDEPENDENT CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the "Memorial" Independent Church, Bris- bane-street, took place yesterday afternoon, in the presence of a large concourse of people. There had been indications of raiu before the commencement of the ceremony, and arrange- ments had been made, in the event of the weather being unfavourable, to have all the addresses, &c;, delivered in the church adjoin- ing the proposed edifice, but as the rain kept off, and the weather cleared up, all the ceremony was done through in the open air, as originally intended. The raised platform was carpetted, and decorated with flags, and the other arrange- ments for the accommodation of spectators were well attended to. When it was resolved by the church and congregation to erect a new building, instead of repairing the present one (which would have involved an expense of more than £1,000), H. Hopkins, Esq., promised £500, on condition that five persons would give £100 each. This was done, and other donations followed, until the amount at the beginning of 1869, reached £3000. When the committee began to consider what arrangements they should make for build- ing upon the site of the present chapel, so many difficulties presented themselves that they re- commended the church to purchase the land adjoining, which, with the buildings upon it, cost £1140. Having obtained the site, which is at the corner of Brisbane and Elizabeth-streets, they resolved that the new church should be an ornament to the city ; and although the tenders exceeded in amount what they had expected, they have girded themselves to the work. The total cost, including the land, will be about £8000. The tender accepted is that of Messrs. R. and R. Shield, and the cost of the work will be £6,835. The architect is Mr. Butler, who has certainly produced a very elegant design. The style of architecture is decorated Gothic. The principal entrances being in Brisbane-street, the front elevation will be seen in Elizabeth- street from any point below Brisbane- street. The tower and spire—120 feet in height and of ele- gant proportions—which is to be placed at the angle of the streets, will be a very prominent object. The front will have a large handsome window with five mullions and delicate tracery ; the height of the gable is sixty-five feet. The lower part of the front from the base course to the gallery line will contain a series of arched slips in brown stone, faced and headed with white stone, —the whole forming a front of great taste and beauty. The entrance on the right hand is by an octagonal turret in which, as well as in the tower, is a staircase leading to the gallery. The side walls are twenty-eight feet in height, having on each side a raised gable, like a transept, fifty feet high, with large tracery window to throw light into the apse and roof, thus presenting a very finished appearance to Elizabeth-street. The internal dimensions, including the apse, will be ninety feet by forty- five. There will be no pillars to support the roof, which is to be groined and tesselated ; but the ribs well braced will rest upon corbels, or capitals of pilasters, situated on a line with the springing of the arches of the windows. This is an outline of the work to be done under the present tender. The result of an effort stimulated by the liberality of Mr. Hopkins, is, that the committee have received upwards of £4,300. The time announced for the commencement of the ceremony was half-past two o'clock, p.m. ; but long before that time large num- bers had assembled inside the temporary fence erected round the base-work of the pro- posed church, and many were obliged to remain outside through the press of the crowd. Among these present were : Henry Hopkins, Esq. ; the Rev. W. C. Robinson, of the Brisbane-street Independent Church ; Rev. George Clarke, Davey-street Independent Church ; Rev. D. B. Tinning, Independent Church, Richmond; Rev. J.T. Gellibrand, Rev. C. P. Greene, Rev. G. B. Smith, and the Rev. E. Symonds (Glenorchy), Church of England ; Dr. Nicolson, and the Rev. R. McLean, Presbyterian ; the Rev. Hans Mack, and the Rev. James Graham, Wesleyan ; Rev. R. Miller, United Methodist ; the Rev. J. Long, Primitive Methodist ; Captain William Crosby, and Messrs. Arthur Hopkins, George Salter, W. Giblin, George Propsting, James Smith, T. C. Tolman, L. Lodge, J. Hole, C. Davis, Charles Crosby, and J. Woolley. The proceedings began by the Rev. R. Miller giving out the first hymn on the printed pro- grame, commencing " This stone to Thee in faith we lay ;" tune Pascal. The choir of the church was present, under the leadership of Mr. H. J. Cox, and the harmonium accompaniments were played by Miss Sherwin. The Rev. Hans Mack then read portions of Scripture, namely, cxxxix Psalm, and 1 Chronicles xix, after which the Rev. Dr. Nicolson engaged in prayer. The Te Deum having been sung, the Rev. W.C. Robinson read the following document, which was afterwards placed in a zinc box with copies of The Mercury, Tasmanian Times, Tasmanian Independent, Friend, and other journals, various coins of the realm, photographs of the old and proposed new church, and cartes de visite of the Rev. F. Miller, H. Hopkins, Esq., the late Mrs. Hopkins, and the Rev. W. C. Robin- son. The zinc box was hermetically sealed, and laid in the cist beneath the memorial stone. Copy of the document deposited in the cist of the memorial stone, laid August 16th, 1870. The laying of this memorial stone presents to us a fitting opportunity for briefly reviewing the past. The congregation worshipping in the adjoining sanctuary represents the first congregation of Independents in the Australian Colonies, some of the older members are of the number who attended the earliest minis- trations of the Rev. F. Miller in the year 1830. Seve- ral Christian men and women in Hobart Town, who had been members of Independent churches in Eng- land, having a deep conviction that the principles of Independency were more fully in accordance with the teaching of the New Testament than were the Principles of other churches, felt a strong desire to have a minister of their own denomination, and after prayerful deliberation resolved to obtaiu one from England. H. Hopkins, Esq., wrote to the committee of Highbury College, explaining the position and wishes of the Christian friends at Hobart Town, and Mr. Miller, then a student at Highbury, having been requested to consider the matter, became con- vinced that it was his duty to accept the invitation, and was ordained in London 23rd April, 1830. Immediately after his arrival in this city, a large room in Elizabeth-street was, for the purpose of Divine worship, hired by the friends, and Mr. Miller commenced his stated labours on the 17th October, 1830\. The number of persons attending his ministry increasing, until it became evident that a more com- modious place must be provided, it was resolved at a meeting, specially convened, to make arrangements for building. The locality fixed upon was Brisbane street, and the present chapel was opened on the 20th April, 1832. The Rev. Frederick Miller was in every respect suitable for the position he occupied. As a citizen, his gentlemanly deportment, his philanthropy, his zeal in every movement for the public good, his business-like tact, and large-heartedness, com- manded the respect of the community, the admi- ration and love of his friends ; as a pastor he was laborious and affectionate ; as a minister he was beloved by his brethren of all denominations, on account of his catholic spirit, and his readiness to render help in every Christian work. Thirty years' toil, as might have been expected, enervated his con- stitution, and his life, which, by judicious rest, might have been prolonged, became oppressed through phy- sical weakness and suffering. It was very natural that, under these circumstances, he should wish to visit England ; to him it seemed the only course affording a hope of renewed vigour, and continued labour. The members of the church having been made acquainted with his desire arranged, as well as they could, for supplying his place during his absence. He left Tasmania for England in April 1861, and returned in July of the following year—not, however, to preach, as he had anticipated, but to serve his Lord by resignation in suffering;—not to labour, but to rest, for his work was done. On the 13th October, 1862, he entered into the joy of his Lord. Faithful hearts which had been sustained by hope felt in the deep sorrow of their bereavement a blank—a darkness—an uncer- tainty as to the future ; they felt, too, that the occa- sion called for faith in God's promises, for earnest prayer, for unity of purpose and effort. The con- gregation were scattered as sheep not having a shep- herd, the ordinances of religion were with difficulty sustained ; but the great Shepherd was watching over the flock, and in his good providence gave them another pastor. The Rev. W. C. Robinson, having accepted the invitation of the church, commenced his ministry in January, 1863. Shortly after his settlement, the chapel being out of rapair, and some alterations considered desirable, an estimate was obtained of the probable cost, which exceeded £1000. This was considered too large a sum to expend in repairs, and first suggested the idea of building. In course of time it became evident that the feeling in favour of a new building was strengthening, and, moreover, that it should be called the " Memorial Congregational Church"—a memorial of the fact that the Rev. F. Miller was the first Independent or Congregational minister, and that the church which he formed was the first church of the Independent order in the Australian colonies. When the subject was laid before H. Hopkins, Esq., who may be truly regarded as the father of Congregationalism in these colonies, he promised £500 on condition that five persons in the congre- gation would each give £100. This was done. In course of time other donations were added, until the amount, at the beginning of last year, reached £3000. The Building Committee intended then to commence operations. They had no conception of the difficulty and inconvenience of building upon the site of the present chapel until they began to mature their plans. Having ascertained that the adjoining property, extending from the chapel boundary to Elizabeth-street, might be had for £1,140, they reported this to the church and congregation who sanctioned the purchase. It became evident that this change of site would necessitate some alterations in the plans, which were accordingly made. The tender for the whole of the building, exclusive of boundary fence, is £6,835. The total receipts as re- ported by the Treasurer, Mr. Woolley, amount to £4,300. This historical sketch will explain why the building is designated the " Memorial Congregational Church." Two other points require a brief explanation— doctrine and polity. Every Church, or Christian society, possesses something peculiar to itself. It may be unlike other churches in its polity and discipline ; it may give greater prominence in its theological system to certain doctrines ; it may interpret those doctrines either with greater logical precision than is attempted in some other systems, or with regard chiefly to their practical bearing,—those doctrines, moreover, may be formulated in creeds and simplified in catechisms, or they may be held only by general consent, as truths which are either expressly taught in the Word of God, or clearly deducible from it. Such being the case, the question may be fairly asked, — What are the doctrines held by a Con- gregational Church ? And why is it called Con- gregational ? The members of Congregational Churches are bound by no subscription to articles, and by no eccle- siastical law except the law of Christ as revealed in the New Testament, notwithstanding which they are of one mind in all the fundamental doctrines of the Chris- tian faith. For as each church is a voluntary asso- ciation, and there is nothing in its organization to interfere with the liberty of any man's conscience, or his freedom of action, should any member so far change his opinions as to disapprove of the doctrines preached, his plain course would be to withdraw from communion. The only bond of union is spiritual sympathy and love. But although there is no theological test to which Congregational Ministers, and church members subscribe, there are truths which are most surely believed by them, many of which they hold in common with other churches. The following summary of Christian doctrine will explain this : In general terms it may be said that the members of Congregational churches believe in the Divine in- spiration and authority of the Holy Scriptures ; and in their sufficiency as the rule of faith and practice. The believe in the one eternal, infinite, and un- changeable God—Father, Son, and Holy Spirit—who possesses all perfection. They believe that man was created holy, that he felt that all men on account of sin are exposed to " everlasting punishment." They believe in the immutability and authority of the moral law. They believe in the loving purpose of God to save sinners—that to accomplish this purpose the son of God was made flesh—that the mind of God is fully revealed to man either by Christ personally, or by his Apostles—that Christ " died for our sins," and that we can be saved only by virtue of his death, by faith in him. They believe in the necessity of regeneration by the influence of the Holy Spirit, and in the continued work of the spirit in the hearts of believers in order to perfect their sanctification. They believe that the foreknowledge and loving purposes of God in no way interfere with the re- sponsibility of man. They believe that a holy life will be the neces- sary effect of true faith, and that all who are united to Christ will obtain eternal blessedness. They believe in the perpetual obligation of baptism and the Lord's Supper, They believe in the immortality of the soul, the resurrection of the body, the last judgment, in the punishment of the wicked, and the blessedness of the righteous. These they regard as the most important verities of the Christian religion. The ground whereon they differ most from their brethren of other denominations is in their principles and Church polity as Independents, or Congrega- tionalists. They are called Independents because they hold that every Church should in itself be free to promote its own interests, and carry out its plans independently of any control or legislative authority from without, whether civil or ecclesiastical. They maintain that the Church, as belonging to Christ, should be independent of the State—that matters of religious belief and conscience do not come within the province of the civil magistrate—that the New Testament neither recognizes the existence, nor gives any prospective directions for the guidance of State Churches—that Christ has repudiated any such connexion of His Church with the world, declaring, when questioned by Pilate concerning his Kingly power, " My kingdom is not of this world" :—for these reasons they believe that Churches should not have any alliance with the State—should not endanger their spirituality and influence by State patronage, nor renounce their liberty by submitting to State control. They are termed Congregational- ists on account of their internal organization,— because they maintain that, according to the example of the New Testament, each Church—that is " a con- gregation of faithful men in which the pure Word of God is preached, and the sacraments duly adminis- tered,"—each individual church should have the management of its own affairs. They believe there is abundant evidence to prove that, in the days of the Apostles, and in the early ages of Christianity, all churches were in their form of government, Con- gregational ; and it is because they maintain that the teaching of the New Testament in this matter is that each separate church is, for all purposes of self- government, a perfect and unique organization that they are termed Congregationalists. But while as churches they maintain this principle of independency, they are not isolated ; so far from this they are bound together by voluntary confedera- tion in unions where all the advantages of Synod or Conference are secured, while freedom of individual action is sacredly maintained. If they do not legislate for each other they give sympathy, and counsel, and help. Their union is a family life, a family bond, the bond of common interests, and fraternal love. They also hold that the Church being a spiritual kingdom, the members of the Church should be spiritual, should have the spirit of Christ who is its Sovereign head, that they only are Christ's who are trusting in his redeeming blood, who are seeking to follow his example, and to live according to his will, should be members of His Church. The Saviour's command to celebrate his death is to those who love him. These are the fundamental principles of Congrega- tionalism. They are clearly expressed in the following summary : " A Church, a voluntary association of Christians. " " The Word of God its only statute book." " Christ its only head." "Love its only source of revenue." " The Church independent of the authority of Pope, Prelate, Presbyter, Prince, or Parliament." " The right of the members of the church to ap- point their own ministers, and regulate their own affairs." "All congregations and all Christian pastors officially equal.—' One is your Master, even Christ, and all ye are brethren.' " " The Churches independent in government, con- federate in love and good works." "Individual liberty combined with Catholic unity." " As the State must not control the Church, so the Church disclaims all interference with the State." " No compulsory taxation for religion." " The same liberty we claim for ourselves, claimed for all mankind." Such are the principles of Congregationalists ; they are our principles. We believe that they are in harmony with reason, and freedom, and justice: —that they are in harmony with the sacred rights of conscience, with sound philosophy, and with the word of God. And it is because we believe it to be the will of Christ that his Church should be spiritual and self-governed that we hold those principles. We told them in the sacred name of God—the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. In His name, and for His glory we, to-day, lay this memorial stone ; in His name, and for His glory we build this " Me- morial Congregational Church." And while for ages to come it shall stand as a witness of the faith- fulness, and the goodness of God,—a memorial of His grace in time past ; may the glory of this latter house be greater than the glory of the former house; may its history testify that the gospel is the power of God unto salvation; may it, through many generations, be filled with those who worship God in spirit and in truth: and may multitudes, by means of the worship offered within its walls, hold fellowship with the Father, through His son Jesus Christ, be filled with the spirit, and thus be prepared to join in worship with the Church of the first-born in Heaven. This memorial stone was laid by Henry Hopkins, Esq., on the 16th August, 1870, and in the 34th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria ; Charles Du Cane, Esq., being Governor of the colony of Tasmania ; the Rev. W. Law, of Launceston, being the Chairman of the Congregational Union of Tasmania; and the Rev. W. C. Robinson, pastor of this Church, the Secretary ; the other Congregational ministers in Hobart Town being the Rev. G. Clarke, of Davey-street Church ; and the Rev. J? W. Simmons, of Union Chapel, Bathurst- street. Architect, F. Butler, Esq., of Hobart Town ; contractors for the building, Messrs. Shield, Hobart Town; honorary clerk of the works, G. Grant, Esq. Trustees—Messrs. W. Giblin, Sandford Scott, W. Woolley, R. E. Dear, G. Salier, G. T. Johnson, L. Lodge, J. H. B. Walch, G. R. Napier, G. Propsting, Jas. Burnet, Jos. Facy (since deceased). Building Committee—Pastor and deacons, Messrs. G. Propsting, Davis, Hole, and Tolman. Signed on behalf the Church, by its authority. WILLIAM CHARLES ROBINSON, Pastor. J. W. WOOLLEY, W, C. ROBINSON, pro SANDFORD SCOTT (at present in England), WILLIAM GIBLIN, L. LODGE, G. SALIER, G. T. JOHNSON, Deacons. After the above document had been read by the Rev. W. C. Robinson, Henry Hopkins, Esq., who had been seated in his carriage, his great age pre- venting any over exertion on his part, was assisted on to the platform, where he was accommodated with a chair. A beautiful box made of Tasmanian light wood, by Mr. Woolley, of Macquarie- street, containing a handsome silver trowel, manu- factured and presented by Mr. C. Gaylor, of Liverpool-street, and a mallet, made of coloured myrtle wood, with an ivory handle, the work of Mr. Haywood, of Goulburn-street, was then presented to Mr. Hopkins. The silver trowel bore the following inscription : " Presented by Charles Gaylor to the congregation of the Memorial Church, Hobart Town, on the occasion of laying the foundation stone, by Henry Hopkins, August 16th, 1870." On the lid of the box was a photograph of the proposed edifice. Mr. Shields, the contractor, having had the memorial stone raised about three feet, the mortar was spread, the box con- taining the records, deeds, &c;, placed in the cist, and the stone was slowly lowered to its permanent position. Mr. HOPKINS, after giving the stone two or three knocks with the trowel, said : " I declare this foundation stone laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; and may the blessing of God attend the labours of all concerned in it. Forty years ago I had the privilege of introducing the first Independent minister into this colony, and thirty years since I was the means of the introduction of the first Independent minister into Victoria. Two months ago I had the privilege of laying the foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Church in Davey-street, and now I am called upon to lay the foundation stone of the Memorial Church, which stone bears the name of the Rev. Frederick Miller, who arrived in this place forty years ago. He was a man of piety and energy and he felt a great love for the people, and for every cause that had for its object the glory glory of God and the good of his fellow men. I rejoice in having the opportunity of laying this stone ; and may the blessing of God attend the labours of all those who shall be engaged in this building." The following is the inscription engraved on a brass plate which is let into the stone : "Memorial Congregational Church, the first Christian Church formed in the Australias upon Independent principles ; the Rev. F. Miller, pastor, A.D. 1830 to the year 1862. This stone was laid by Henry Hopkins, Esq., 16th August, 1870\. " At the conclusion of Mr. Hopkins' address, the Rev. Mr. Robinson announced that those who were desirous could then lay their offerings on the stone. A number of ladies and gentle- men then came forward in response to the invitation. The Rev. E. Symonds then gave out the 818th hymn in the Congregational hymn book, com- mencing " Head of the Church our risen Lord," which was sung to the tune " Wareham," after which The Rev. GEORGE CLARKE delivered an address, commencing by observing that the act they had just witnessed was no mere idle and unmeaning ceremony. It was full of meaning and interest to those who had eyes to look beneath the show of things. It meant that they believed in the reality of the spiritual instinct of humanity, and felt that it was necessary that it should be satisfied. It meant that they believed in the one great being whom they sought after, God, in opposition to idolatry and polytheism. It meant that they believed in the living and true God in opposi- tion to mere blind and impressing force which controls all things by sheer necessity. It meant that they believed in the Lord Jesus Christ the Son of God ; that he is the Mediator between God and man. They expressed by this act that they not only cared for their own individual wants, but were also desirous of providing for the wants of the generations that would follow. They declared most emphatically by this act, the principle, and the fact of their perfect freedom to worship God. Did they think, however, of the cost of that great blessing, freedom of wor- ship, which had been paid by their ancestors ? How their present position had been won with human agony, wet with human tears, stained with human blood? They had not been called upon to resist unto blood, but their forefathers had been before them. They would indeed be degenerate sons of such ancestors, if they forgot what these days of prosperity had cost the generations that were past. There had been a time when it became necessary for Christians to take shelter in obscurity ; when their places of worship had to be built so as to attract the least possible attention, but it had pleased God to alter such a state of things, and they were now en- abled thus publicly to proclaim their principles. It was well that they should pray that this altered state of things might be sanctified to their good. They had heard of the good man forty years ago beginning his labours in this colony—the man who laid the foundation of Congregationalism throughout the Australian colonies. He was a zealous servant of Christ, and laboured untiringly for many years in the cause of his master. He (the speaker) must not forget to associate with the laying of this stone the name of Henry Hopkins, Esq. Eighty- three years of his earthly pilgrimage had he passed, the greater part of which had been passed in the service of Jesus Christ and of his church. He thought that they might regard that day as witnessing the closing of all his public acts in the service of Christ. He believed that he (Mr. Hopkins) might say with the Apostle of old, " I have finished my course ; I have kept the faith ; henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day ; and not to me only, but unto all them that love His appearing." He felt confident that it was the wish of all present that the remaining days of their venerable friend might be bright- ened with God's presence, and that when he hears his Master's call, he might be ready to go. They looked forward confidently to the future ; and they hoped that the truths of the Gospel which had been so long proclaimed in the walls adjoining, would be proclaimed in the building, the foundation stone of which had just been laid. He hoped that the church would be the means of the moral, social, and spiritual ad- vancement of the community in which it was situated. One or two words more and he would be done. He was sure that it was gratifying to every Christian present that that afternoon's service had been commenced by that beautiful hymn, the 881st, in their collection, which was no less than a prayer for the good estate of the Catholic Church ; that everywhere those who were named by the name of Christ might be guided, and blessed and saved by Him. Whatever differences there might be between the manner in which the church with which he was identified, with which also the new build- ing was to be connected, and other reli- gious bodies, they, in common with other Christian churches, held to the great Catholic verities, the salvation of all those who love God in sincerity and in truth. Shame would belong to them if they put matters of church govern- ment in the place of those great and precious saving truths which were the distinguish- ing mark of Christ's holy church everywhere. His earnest desire and prayer was that God's abundant blessing might rest upon the new church ; and that all those who should be engaged in its erection might be preserved from all accident and peril. The Rev. R. McLEAN, then gave out the hymn, commencing " From all that dwell below the skies," which was sung to the " Old Hund- redth" tune. The Rev. J. Long pronounced the benediction, after which the Rev. W. C. Robinson announced that a tea meeting would be held in the evening in the adjoining large school-room. EVENING MEETING. A tea meeting was held in the evening at the large school - room adjoining Brisbane-street Chapel. The school-room was gaily decorated with banners and flags, one banner made ex- pressly for the occasion, having the words "Memorial Congregational Church'' neatly placed on a red ground. The tea and etceteras, provided by Haywood and Son, were choice and abundant. In consequence of the great number of visitors, they had to sit down in relays, those who had finished retiring into the chapel, where the after meeting was held. Among the ministers and others, on and near the platform at the after meeting, were the Revs. Dr. Nicolson, Long, W. C. Robinson, McLean, Clarke, Graham, Tinning, Messrs G. Salier, J. E. Salier. Jas. Walch, Tolman, Withrington, the Hon. Mr. Giblin, Woolley, W. Giblin, Vautin, Johnson, Lodge, Hodgson, Calvert, C. Walch, Lumsden, Newbold, Jones, and Propsting. After the singing of some anthems by the choir, a hymn was sung by the congregation, and prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Tinning. The Rev. W. C. ROBINSON announced that the subscriptions at the foundation stone in the afternoon amounted to £153. Since then a lady had given him a subscription, and he had been spoken to by others who intended to give donations that evening. He would have liked to have had the presence of their venerable friend, Mr. Hopkins, but he had felt himself not able to bear the excitement of the meeting. He should have liked to have said something about the Church and the labours of their late lamented friend Mr. Miller, but he thought it better that the time should be spent in hearing from the ministers and others present the expressions of their sympathy with them. The Rev. R. MCLEAN made reference to the character and work of the late Frederick Miller, and his (Mr. McLean's) introduction to him in 1853\. He spoke of him as one who strived to promote unity, and his efforts to sustain periodi- cal meetings of ministers and churches for prayer and Christian intercourse. He urged that there should be a recommencement of such meetings in recognition of the sentiment " Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. '' (Applause). Rev J. GRAHAM (Wesleyan) was next intro- troduced by the Rev. Mr. Robinson, and was heartily welcomed, this being his first oppor- tunity of addressing a meeting in this church. He then spoke of the present as the age of progress, and when a mighty battle was going on between truth and error ; and when they saw the enemy moving it was their duty to stand to their arms. It was also an age of investiga- tion, applied to things religious as well as to things secular. It was an age of progress, of art and science, and it must be pleasing that Tasmania was endeavouring to keep pace with the spirit of progress, in the erection of places of worship. He had had great pleasure that day in being present at the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new church ; and he expressed his wishes for the success of the undertaking, and that the blessing of God might attend them, producing " Peace on earth, and goodwill towards men." (Applause.) The Choir then sang an anthem. Rev. Dr. NICOLSON said the circumstances of the day had suggested some impressions which he thought it would not be out of place to give expression to. They heard of bad times, and if he were to seek the substantial evidence of their state, he thought he could easier point out a good state rather than a bad one. He could enumerate some five, six, or seven new churches which had been built since he (Dr. Nicolson) came here, although when he arrived he was looked upon as an intruder. They had got not only the churches but the ministers. As to the prosperity which those things indicated, he referred to the large amount collected at the stone, and said he cordially wished success to the matter. He wished Mr. Robinson and all the friends success, that the place might be finished and paid for, and that Mr. Robinson would preach in a free church. (Laughter and applause.) The Hon. W. R. GIBLIN, who was loudly called for and much applauded, expressed his sympathy with the proceedings of the day. He thought he could say his acquaintance with the late Mr. Miller extended farther back than that of Mr. McLean, for he had been brought into association with him nearly thirty years ; he could not say he remembered the time. He con- cluded an excellent speech by expressing his hearty wishes for the success of the undertaking, and that the church might be completed and, as the previous speaker had said, be soon out of debt. (Applause.) The Choir having then sung an anthem, The Rev. G. CLARKE having been called upon, said it was a pleasant thought to him that the 16th August was associated with the laying of the foundation stone of the Memorial Church, and the completion of the Church in Davey- street. He then offered some remarks on the character of the present age, and the duty of thinking of the past. He applied this idea to the retention of the old building where their principles were first enunciated by the labors of their dear departed friend, Mr. Miller. He hoped the building would stand many years, and congratulated them that they were building a new church, indicating that they were actuated by the spirit of progress. On the part of the church of which he was minister, he wished them all success in the accomplishment of their enterprise. (Applause.) Rev. J. LONG joined in the congratulations offered to the pastor and members of the church on the work of the day. It was matter of thankfulness that they were favoured with auspicious weather, and that so many were gathered together on the occasion. Several other gentlemen having addressed the meeting, the proceedings were closed in the usual way, and a collection was made at the doors. 