OUR AMUSEMENTS. prince of "wales opera house. The principal artistes of the Opera Company have, during the last few days, been taking a succession of benefits. Benefits in name only, for Baratti's magnificent impersonation of Norma, upon the occasion of her benefit, failed to draw even a decently filled house. On Tuesday night Mr, Laseelles acted the part of beneficiare, though, we regret to say, not with the success that he deserved. In the con cert which commenced the entertainment, Madame Simonsen gave very charmingly an Irish Ballad, and in answer to a loudly-demanded encore, sang "Is it anybody's business?" with much spirit. Mr. Laseelles and Mrs. Fox were both loudly applauded, and encores de manded. The gem of the evening was, undoubtedly, the very bril liant performance by Mons. Wehle, of Beethoven's grand concerto in C minor, with an orchestral accompaniment. Mons. Wehle's execu tion was of so masterly a character that it frequently evoked rounds of applause, and at the termination of the piece, the talented Pianist was greeted with quite an ovation. The orchestra, under the skilful direction of Herr Siede, gave the accompaniment magnificently. Messrs. Bartlett and Laseelles appeared in a capital farce, "No. 1, Round the Corner," after which the comic opera of "II Barbiere," and Mr. Chapman, with his sackful of ghosts, completed the entertainment. The practice of encores is becoming quite a nuisance, and upon this occasion, almost every song was encored. It is neither fair to the artistes themselves, nor to the majority of the audience, inasmuch as it lengthens the performance to such an extent as to make a toil of pleasure. The grand spectacular opera ' ' Roberto il Diavolo " is now being performed and ought to attract good houses. On Monday, the enterprising manager, Mr. Lyster, takes a farewell benefit. From the poor support he has received from the public, it is not unlikely that it will be in reality a farewell. He has not received that en couragement from the Sydney public that so liberal a manager deserves, and in future if only second or third rate entertainments are provided, they have only themselves to blame. Mr. Punch sincerely trusts that Mr. Lyster will receive a parting compliment from the Sydney public by having a crowded house. victoria theatre The principal feature in the week's entertainment at this theatre has been the amateur performance for the benefit of Messrs. Wilson and Habbe. The charming comedy " Still Waters Pun Deep," was very well given ; the character of John Mildmay, particularly, being played with considerable ability by Mr. P. Tanner. Mr. Montagu Scott was very successful as Capt. flawkesley, although he appeared to play with less animation than upon former occasions. Considering that the character of Mr. Potter was hardly suitable to Mr. Flynn, it was very creditably sustained. Mrs. Charles Jones and Miss Shepparde added much to the success of the performance by their excellent rendering of the characters of Mrs. Sternhold and Mrs. Mild- may. The performance concluded by a new farce of not much merit, in which Messrs. Banks and P. Murray, impersonated Nailem Tite, and Skipjack, with more vigor than is usual among amateurs. mr. heller. The "Somatic Conjuror " has arrived in Sydney, and commences a season at the hall of the School of Arts on Boxing night. Mr. Heller and Miss Haidee Heller will be remembered as having, during their recent visit to Sydney, astonished and delighted large audiences by their wonderful conjuring, and still more wonderful second sight. Mr. Heller s clever performance on the piano will also be remembered with much pleasure. 