THE NOVELIST. SOME CHAPTERS FROM THE RECOLLECTIONS OF G E 0 F F R Y_H A S¥l L Y N . "Not a bit," said Troubridge; and then Loo lav down again and Blept in tho light of tho flickering fire. Ono giant arm thrown around his head and the other hung down in careless grace' the great chest was heaved up, and the head thrown back ; tho seamed and rugged features seemed moro stern and marked than evor in tho chiaroscuro . and the whole man was a picture of reokless strength'such as one seldom sees. Tom had dozed and had awoke again, and now sat thinking, " What a terriblo tough customer that fellow would, be !" when suddenly ho crouchod on tho floor, and, reaching out his hand touched Lee, who awoko, and silently rolled over with* his face towards tho window. Thoro was no mistake this time-that was no opossum. Thero came the stealthy stop again ; and now, as they lay silent, tho glass-door was pushed gently open, showing the landscape beyond. Tho gibbous moon was just rising over tho forest, all blurred with streaky clouds; and between them and her light they could seo tho figure of a man, standing iusido tho room. Tom could wait no longer. He started up, and fell headlong with a crash over a little table that stood in his way. They both clashed into the garden, but only in time to hoar flying footsteps, and immediately after the gallop of a horse, tho echoes of which soon died away, and all was still. "Missed him, by George!" said Lee. "It was a precious closo thing, though. What could he mean by coming into the house,-eh ?" " Just as I expected ; trying to get an interview with the mistress. He will bo moro cautious in future, I take it." " I wonder if ho will try again?" "Don't know," said Troubridge; "he might ; not to-night, however." They went in and lay down again, and Troubridge was soon asleep ; and very soon that sleep was dis turbed by dreadful dreams. At ono timo ho thought he was riding madly through tho bush for his bare life ; spurring on a tired horse, which was falling every moment moro and moro. But always through tho tree-stems on his right ho saw glancing, a ghost on a whito horse, which kept paco with him, do what ho would. Now he was among tho precipices on the ranges. On his loft, a lofty inaccessible cliff ; on tho right, a frightful blue abyss ; while tho slaty soil kept sliding from beneath hi3 horse's feet. Behind him, unseen, came a phantom, always gaining on him, and driving him along the giddiest wallaby tracks. If he could only turn and face it, he might conquer, but he dare not. At length the path grow narrower and nar rower, and ho turned in desperation and awoko-woke to see in tho dim morning light a dark figuro bending over him. He sprang up, and clutched it by the throat. "Amost excellent fellow this!" said tho voice of Dr. Mulhaus. " He sends a frantic midnight message for his friend to como to him, regardlesss of per-' sonal inconvenience and horseflesh ; and when this friend comes quietly in, and tries to wake him without disturbing the sick folks, he seizes him by the throat and nearly throttles him." "I beg a thousand pardons, Doctor," said Tom; "I j had been dreaming, and I took you for the devil. I am glad to find my mistake." "You have good reason," said tho Doctor; "but now, how is the patient ?" "Asleep at present, I believe; the housekeeper is with her." " What is the matter with her?" " She has had a great blow. It has shaken her intel lect, I am afraid." " What sort of a blow ?" asked the Doctor. Tom hesitated. He did not know whether to tell him or not. "Nay," said the Doctor, "you had bettor let me know. I can help then, you know. Now, for instance, has she heard of her husband ?" " She has, Doctor. How on earth came you to guess that ?" "Amero guess, though I have always thought it quite possiblo, as tho accounts of his death wore very uncertain." Tom then set to work, and told the Doctor all that we know. He looked very gravo. " This is far worse than I had thought," ho said, and remained thought ful. Mary awoke in a fever and delirious. Thoy kept Charles as much from her as possible, lest she should let drop some hint of the matter to tho boy ; but even in her delirium she kept her secret woll ; and towards the ovening tho Doctor, finding her quieter, saddled his horse, and rode away ten miles to a town ship, where resided a drunken surgeon, ono of the greatest blackguards in tho country. The surgeon was at home. He was drunk, of course ; he always was, but hardly more so to-day than usual. So tho Doctor hoped for success in his objoot, which was to procure a certain drug which was neither in the medicine-chest at tho Buokleys' nor at Toonarbin ; and putting on his sweetest smilo whon the surgeon eame to the door, ho made a remark about the beauty of tho weather, to which the other vory gruffly respondod. " I come to beg a favour," said Dr. Mulhaus. " Oan you kt me havo a little-so and so?" " Seo you d-d first," was the polite reply. " A man comes n. matter of fourteen thousand milos, makes a pretty little practice, and then gets it cut into by a parcel of ignorant foreigners, whoso own country is too hot to hold thom. And not content with this, they havo the brass to ask for tho loan of a man's drugs. As I said before, i'll seo you d-d first, and then I won't." And so^siiying, ho slammed tho door. Doctor MulhajjsjBXMi beside himself with rage. For the first find "last timo sinoo Î have known him ho for got his discretion, and instoalof going away quietly, and treating tho man with contempt, ho began kioking at tho door, calling tho man a scoundrel, &c;, and between the intervals of kicking, roaring through the keyhole, ' bring out j'our diploma ., do you hear, you impostor?" and then foll to woik kicking again. "Bring out your forged diploma, wi\l you, villain ?" This soon attracted tho idlers from the publio-houso ; a couple of sawyers, a shepherd or two, all tipsy of course, except ono of the sawyers, who was drunk. The drunken sawyer at length made out to his own -? complete satisfaction that Doctor Mulhaus' wife was in labour, and that ho was come for tho surgeon, who was probably drunk and asleep inside. So, being able to sympathise, having had his wife in the straw every thirteon months regularly for tho last fifteen years, he prepared to assist, and for this purpose took a stone about half a hundred weight, and coming behind tho Doctor, when he was in full kick, be balanced himself with difficulty, and sent it at the lock with all the force of his arin, and of course broko tho door in. In throwing the stone, he lost his balance, came full butt against Dr. Mulhaus, propeUed him into tho passage, into the arms of the surgeon, who was rushing out infuriated to defend his property, and down went the three in the passage together, tho two doctors beneath, and the drunken sawyer on the top of them. The drunken surgeon, if, to use parliamentary lan guage, he will allow me to oall him so, was of course underneath the others ; but, being a Londoner, and consequently knowing the use of his fists, ere ho went down delivered a " ono, two," straight from the shoulder in our poor dear Doctor's face, and gave him a most disreputable eye, besides cutting his upper lip open. This our Doctor, being, you must remember, a foreigner, and not having the rules of tho Britkk liing before his eyes, resonted by getting on the top of him, taking him round the throat, and banging the back of ¿is head against the brick fioor of the passage, until he began to goggle his eyes and choke. Meanwhile the sawyer, exhilirated beyond measure in his drunken mind at having raised a real good promising row, having turned on his back, lay procumbent upon tho twain, and kioking everything soft and human ho carno across with his heels, struck up " The Bay of Biscay, Oh," until he was dragged forth by two of his friends ; and beingin a stato of wild excitement, ready to fight tho world, hit his own mate a vielent blow in the eye, and was only quieted by receiving a sound thrashing, and being placed in a^sitting posture in theverandah of the public- house, from which he saw Doctor Mulhaus come forth from the surgeon's with rumpled feathers, but triumphant. I am deeply grieved to have recorded tho above scene, but I could not omit it. Having undertaken to placo the character of that very noble gentleman, Doctor Mulhaus, before my readers, I was forced not to omit this. As a general rule, ho was as self-con tained, as calm and as frigid as the best Englishman among us. But under all this there was, zo speak in carefully-selected scientific language, a substratum of pepper-box, which has been apparent to mo on more than one ocsasion. I have noticed the above occasion per force. Let the others rest in oblivion. A man so trae, so wise, so courteous, and so kindly, needs not my poor excuses for having once in a way made a fool of himself. He will read this, and he will be angry with me for a time, but he knows well that I, like all , who knew him, say heartily. God bless you, old Doctor 1 But tho consequences of the above were, I am sorry to say, eminently disastrous. Tho surgeon got a war rant against Doctor Mulhaus for burglary with violenco, and our Doctor got a warrant against him for assault with intent to rob. So there was tho. deuce to pay. The affair got out of tho hands of the bench. In fact they sent both parties for trial (what do you think of that, my Lord Campbell ?) in order to get rid of tho matter, and at sessions, the surgeon swore positively that Doctor Mulhaus had, assisted by a convict, bat tered his door down with stones in open day, and nearly murdered him. Then in defence Doctor Mulhaus called tho sawyer, who. as it happened, had just completed a contract for fencing for Mrs. Mayford, the proceeds of which bargain he was spending at the public-house when the thing happened, and had just undertaken another for ono of the magistrates ; having also a large family dependent on him ; being, too, a man who prided himself in keeping an eyo to windward, and being slightly confused by a trifling attack of delirium tremens (diddleums, he called it) ; ho, I say, to our Deotor's confusion and horror, swore positively that ho never took a stone in his hand on the day in question ; that he never saw a stone for a week before or after that date ; that he did not deny having rushed into the passage to assist the complainant (drunken surgeon), seeing him being murdered by defendant ; and, lastly, that he was nevnr nenr tim nlnno on tVin dav HTiRRifiprl. So it would have gone hard with our Doctor, had not his Honor called the jury's attention to the discre pancies in this witness's evidence : and when Doctor ifulhaus was acquitted, delivered a stinging reproof to the magistrates for wasting public timo by sending such a trumpery oaso to a jury. But, on tho other hand, Dr. Mulhaus' charge of assault with intent, fell dead ; so that neither party had much to boast of. The night or so after tho trial was over, the Doctor came back to Toonarbin, in what he intended for a furious rage. But, having told Tom Troubridge tho .whole affair, and having unluckily caught Tom's eye, they went off into such hearty fits of laughter thatpoor Mary, now convalescent, but still in bed, knocked at the wall to know what the matter was. The state of terror and dismay into which poor Mary Hawker was thrown on finding that her husband, now for many years the bete noire of her existence, was not only alive, but promising fairly to cause her more trouble than over he did before, superadded, let mo say, for mere truth's sake, to a slight bilious attack, brought on by good living and want of exercise, threw her into a fever, from which, after several days' deli rium, she rose much shattered, and looking suddenly older. AU this time the Doctor, like a trusty dog, had kept his watch, and done more, and with a better will than any paid doctor would have been likely to do He was oalled away a good deal by the prosecution arising out of that unhappy affair with the other doctor, and afterwards with a prosecution for perjury, which ho brought against the sawyer ; but he was generally back at night, and was so kind, so attentive, and so skilful, that Mary took it into her head, and always affirmed afterwards, that she owed her life to him. She was not ono to receive any permanent impression from nnything. So now, as day by day she grew stronger, she tried to undervalue the misohief which bad at first so terrified her, and caused her illness ; tried, and with success, in broad daylight ; but, in the silent dark nights, as she lay on her lonely bed, she would fuUy appreciate tho terrible cloud that hung over her, and would weep and beat her pillow, and pray in her wild fantastic way to bo delivered from this frightful monster, out off from communion with all honest men by his unutterable orimes, but who, nevertheless, she was bound to love, honour, and obey, till death should part her from Mm. -Mrs. Buckley, on tho first news of her illness, had oomo up, and taken her quarters at Toonarbin, acting as gentle anurso as mon or woman could desiro to have. She took possession of tho house, and managed every thing. Mrs. Barker, tho housekeeper, the only ono who did not submit at onco to her kindly rule, pro tested, obstructed, protocoled, presented an ultima tum, and, at last, was so ill-advised as to take up arms._ There was a short campaign, lasting only ono morning-a decisive battle-and Mrs. Barker was compelled to sue for peace. " Had Mr. Troubridge been true to himself," she said, " sho would never have submitted ;" but, having given Tom warning, and Tom, in a moment of irritation, having told hor, with out hesitation or disguise, to go to the devil (no less) she bowed to the circumstances, and yielded. Agnes Buckloy encouraged Dr. Mulhaus, too, in his legal affairs, and, I fear, was tho first person who proposed tho prosecution for perjury against the sawyer; a prosecution, however, which failed, in con «equence of his mate and another friend, who was present at tho affair, coming forward to the sawyer's rescue, and getting- into such a labyrinth and mist of Perjury, that tho Bench (this happened just after quarter sessions) positively refused to hear anything Wore on either side. Altogether, Agnes Buokley made herself BO agreeable, and kept them aU |so alive, that Tom. wondered how he had got on so long without At the end of three weeks Mary was oonvalesoent ; and one day, when Bhe was moved into the verandah, Mrs. Buokley beside her, Tom and the Doofcor sitting, on tho step smoking, and Charles sleepily reading aloud " Hamlet," with a degree of listlessness and want of appreciation unequalled, I should say, by any reader before ; at suoh time, I say, there entered sud denly to them a little cattle-dealer, as brimful of nows as an egg of meat. Little Burnside it was; a man about eight stone nothing, who always wore top-boots and other people's clothes. As he came in, Charles recognised on his legs a pair of cord breeohes of his own, with a particular grease patch on the thigh; a pair of breeches he had lent Burnside, and whioh Burn side had immediately got altered to his own size. A good singer was Burnside. A man who oould finish his bottle of brandy, and not go to bed in his boots. A man universally liked aud trusted. An honest, hearty little fellow, yet one who always lent or spent his money as fast as he got it, and was as poor as Job. The greatest vehicle bf news in tho district, too. " Snowy River Times," ho used to bo called. After tho usual greetings, Tom, seoing he was bursting with something, asked him, "What's tho news ?" Burnside was in the habit of saying that he was liko the Lord Mayor's fool- fond of everything that "was good. But his greatest pleasure, tho ono to which ho would sacrifice everything, was retailing a piece of news. This was so great an enjoyment with him that he gloried in dwelling oh it, and making the most of it. He used to retail a piece of news, as a perfect novel, in three volumes. In his first he would take caro to ascertain that you were acquainted with tho parties under discussion ; and, if you were not, mako you so, throwing in a few anocdotes illustrative of their cha racters. In his second, ho would grow discursive, giving an episode or two, and dealing in moral reflec tions and knowledge of human naturo rather largely. And in his third ho would come smash, crash down on you with the ucws itself, and leave you gasping. Ho followed this plan on tho presont occasion. He answered Tom's question by asking " Do you know Desborough ?" " Of course I do," said Tom ; "and a noble good fel low he is." "Exactly," said Burnside; " super of police; distinguished in Indian wai*s ; nephew of my Lord Cove town. An Irishman is Desborough, but far from objectionable," This by way of first volume j now comes his second : " Now, sir, I, although a Scotchman born, and naturally proud of being so, consider that until these wretched national distinctions between the three great nations aro obliterated wo shall never get on, sir, never. That the Scotch, sir, are physically and intellectually superior-" " Physically and intellectually the devil," burst in Tom. "Pick out any dozen Scotchmen, and I'll find you a dozen Londoners who will fight them, or deal with them till they'd be glad to get over tho borders again. As for the Devon and Cornish lads, find me a Scotchman who will put mo on my back, and I'll write you a cheque for a hundred pounds, my boy. We English opened the trade of tho world to your little two miUions and a half up in the north there ; and you, .being pretty well starved out at home, have had the shrewdness to take advantage of it ; and now, by Jove, you try to speak small of the bridge that camed you over. What did you do towards licking the Spaniards, eh? And whero would you be now, if they had not been licked in 1588, eh ? Not in Australia, my boy ! A Frenchman is conceited enough, but, by George, he can't hold a candiólo a Scotchman." Tom spoke in a regular passion ; but there was some truth in what he said, I think. Burnside didn't like it, and merely saying, " You interrupt me, sir," went on to his third volume without a struggle " You are aware, ladies, that there has been a gang of bushrangers out to tho north, headed by a miscreant whom his companions called Touan, but whose real name is a mystery." Mrs. Buckley said, "Yes;" and Tom glanced at Mary. She had grown as pale as death, and Tom said-" Courage, cousin : don't bo frightened at a name." . ""Well, sir," continued Burnside, putting the for finger and thumb of each hand together, as if ho wi making "windows" with soapsuds, "Captain De borough has surprised that gang inaguUy, sir, and spreading his hands out right and left, " obhteratt them.» " The devil !" said Tom, while the Doctor got v and stood beside Mary. "Smashed them, sir," continued Burnside; "e: tlnguished them utterly. Ho had six of his picke troopers with him, and they came on them sudden! and brought them to bay. You seo, two troopers hav been murdered lately, and so our men, when thoy go face to face with the cowardly hounds, broke discip lino and wouldn't be held. They hardly fired a shot but drew their sabres, and cut the dogs down almos to a man. Three only out of twelve have been cap tured alive, and ono of thom is dying of a wound ii the neck." And, having finished, little Burnsidi folded his arms and stood in a military attitude, witl the ah ofamanwho had done the thing himself, ant was prepared to receive his meed of praise witl modesty. "Courage, Mary," said Tom; "don't be frightened at shadows." He felt something sticking in his throat, but spoke out nevertheless. "And their redoubted captain," he asked ; "what has become of him ?" "What, Touan himself?" said Burnside. "Well, I am sorry to say that that chivalrous and high-minded gentleman was found neither among the dead nor tho living. Not to mince matters, sir, he has escaped." The Doctor saw Mary's face quiver, but she boro up bravely, and listened. I " Escaped, has he ?" said Tom. " And do they know anything about him?" " Desborough, who told mo this himsolf," said I Burnside, "¿says no, that ho is utterly puzzled. Ho had made sure of the arch-rascal himself ! but, with that remarkable faculty of saving his own skin which he i has exhibited on moro than one occasion, ho has got off j for tho time, with one companion." "A companion, oh ?" I " Yes," said Burnside, " whoroby hangs a bit of romance, if I may profane tho word in speaking of such men. His companion is a young follow, described as being more like a beautiful woman than aman, and hearing the most singular likeness in features to tho great Captain Touan himself, who, as you. have heard, is a handsome dog. In short, thero is very little doubt that they are father and son." Tom thought to himself-" Who on earth can this be ? What son can Georgo Hawker have, and we not know of it?" Ho turned to Burnside, " What ago is the young man you speak of ?" ho asked. "Twenty, or thereabouts, by all description," said the other, Tom thought again-"This gets very strange. He could have no son of that age got in Van Diemen's Land ; it was eight years before he was free. It must be some ono we know of. He had some bye-blows in Devon, by all accounts. If this is one of them, how the deuce did bogot here?" But he could not think. . Wo sholl eeo presently who it was. Now we must leave these good folks for a time, and just step over to Garoopria, and seo how affairs go there. 