rsa .i WALLAROO: SATURDAY, MAY 14. THE Government of this colony, let who will be in office, should have no difficulty in solving that problem, hitherto held both at home and here to be insoluble, in a satisfactory manner, which concerns the education of the people-the emanci pation of the men and women of the next generation from the thraldom of ignor ance, its foster sister vice, and its atten dent satellites squalor, destitution, end misery, with which so large a proportion of the hurnan race is weighed down in the race for life. Surely we might, in this instance, allow Messrs GLADSTONE, LOWE, FOBSTEB and MIALL, to legislate for us, without either pouring undue con tempt, or not sufficiently honoring the unestimable blessings of universal suf frage, tinpot legislators, and a constitu tion adapted to the requirements of a cultured and educated society, now dragged through the gutter by being fitted around the necks of Electors who vote, why they know not; and wherefore, in the grossest ignorance and darkness. The intelligence brought by the mail that the English Education Act had passed the second reading in the House of Com mons, makes almost certain, that as Mr LOWE significantly stated, for the first time in English history, a system of truly national education, was presented to the Legislature for acceptance. To us Mr LOWE'S cogent but terse argument seems I to convey a keen satire. We have j boasted of the wealth, the intelligence, 1 and the progress of our common country, J but there was a skeleton in the structure, i There was a reverse side to the picture. 1 On the face there was grandeur, magnifi j cence, beauty, and culture. On the back I there was misery untold, wretchedness I indescribable, and there were the pale I faces of widows whose famished children I were being trained only in the schools of I vice. The time will come, and at no dis I tant period, when we shall wonder at the 1 blindness and stupidity of the people who I neglected to provide every child in the j realm with opportunities for obtaining in I etruction, and we did not compel parents and guardians to fulfil a manifest duty I towards those whom they have had the charge of. j The compulsory principle introduced j into Mr FOBSTEE'S Bill seems to have j been accepted by all parties almost with I out note or comment. The absurdity of j the present practise found, as might have been anticipated, very few supporters, j Parenthetically, it may be here remarked, j that on a minor scale, we, in South AUB j tralia, have been aping English folly. We 1 have been spending money for that which I is not bread, and labor for that which S satisfieth not. We have been paying j about £25,000 per annum for educating j the people, and meanwhile, leaving the j very children for whose education pay ment by the State was most earnestly re I quired, to grow up as well taught as j aboriginal children, aud not one fraction J better. What is required, is, either that J every child in the colony should fee edu 1 cated or that the State should wash its j hands of the business. In the latter case j the enormity would be so manifest that j a better state of things would be speedily | inaugurated. As it is our half-and- half 1 system has been a foe to progress. It I has been precisely what tetotallers assert I moderate drinkers are, viz., the worst I enemies of reform. But for these, Bay our agueous friends, the cause of strong drink would be so utterly bad that it j would be eradicated. So with the half and-half system of education now in vogue, the meshes of which are so wide as j to allow a large proportion of the children J of the colony to slip through. In Eng I land it seems to have been taken for I granted that a scheme for education to I be satisfactory must be thorough. It j must be compulsory and binding upon I alL What progress has been made lately ! by public opinion is very manifest by this I change. But a few years ago it was con I fidently said the compulsory system was J unBnglish, and would not be tolerated by j the proud islanders. We have always j maintained that compulsion, as thus ap plied, was a mere bugbear. We eaid it j was a ghost, conjured up by excited ima- j ginations that would disappear on inspec- J tion. And so it has proved. ] The rock over wbich Mr FOBSTEB'S ; Bill was very nearly shipwrecked, was the conscience clause. MA.CM.AVELI<I himself never hit upon a more astute of bridging over a difficulty than that devised by the GLADSTONE Ministry in this case. Mr FOBSTEB'S Bill bad as many colors as the Chamelion, in respect to the rights of conscience. It " over threw nothing, it supplied the natural want without offending the national pre judices, it changed nothing, and it solved the religious difficulty in the most perfect manner consistent with the existing con ditions of English opinion." There might be secular education only-if the local boards willed it-there might be reli gious, and there might be denominational, of what description the elected boards could decide. All that the Government stipulated for was inspection by a com j petent officer chosen by themselves with out regard to his religious tenets. As, said a clever English journal, " this was a device so able as almost to indicate genius." Possibly, but had Mr STBANO i WAYS initiated it the Register would have smelt brimstone. The dissenting portion of the English community saw at once j that in some parishes a Church of Eng land education would be given, and for | this reason they opposed this clause. It mattered not that in some villages as Methodist education might be given, and in others a congregational one, the Church should be kept out, they resolved. One of their number, a Mr WINTEBBOTHAM, I ! a new member, made what seems to have j j been a very impressive speech, into which ? he introduced the late Bishop of Oxford,: and the present Bishop of Winchester's well-known sententious remark, that the -chief obstacles to the moral progress of the people were " beershops,: dissent, and overcrowded cottages." To us, it seems that the conduct qf the dissenters in the House went far to illustrate this. They perilled the Bill by their Opposition in this point, and had it been ejected the cause of education would have received a check that, for a long time, it would not have recovered. In response to the earnest appeals of members of the Government, the dissenting leaders met one or two members of the Cabinet in a Committee room, and a compromise was arrived at. Merely secular education will be afforded during school hours, but afterwards the shepherds of every deno mination, may, with the consent of the parents, turn any schoolroom into a sort of cross between a Sunday School and a bear garden. There can be little doubt the members of the Cabinet are farsighted enough to know how long this arrange ment is likely to last. Parents who allow the gentlemen in black to misappropriate the play hours of their children will soon see the mistake they are laboring under. We maintain, as tye have maintained, that the only defensible religious educa tion that can be afforded in national schools is the reading before school hours once a day of a select portion of scrip ture. By and by, if the children of this generation are all educated, the men and women of the next will perceive that it is no part of the duty pf the State to provide a religious education respecting which there exists, and will exist, such diversified opinions and strongly implant ed opposing beliefs. But at the present time it is only right that we should bow to the will of the majority, which has bfci clearly expressed in favor of a modi cum of religious i ,'ucated in national schools. ALTHOUGH the Port Augusta and Nor thern line of railway scheme was thrown overboard by the last Parliament, it is just as certain to rise up again for dis cussion, as the South-Eastern semi-eircu lar railway scheme is sure to slip through this meshes woven by the interested par ties who tried to bring it about. And, during the meantime, calculations, end less in number and indefinite in results, will be made to shew that the northern line, either will, or will not be, a paying concern. What effect these calculations are likely to have in swaying opinion we can very easily estimate. In. the first place very few people will read them, and in the second, very few of the few that do will be able to judge whether the basis they start from is a sound one. An impos ing array of figures will not carry a bill for the construction of the line in ques tion through the House. In this case it would be particularly easy to matchfigures against figures, and to bring forward esti mates to repute other estimates. But we notice that during the last election, that this Northern line should be con structed was a part of the political creed of nearly every candidate. And, by the return of Mr GXEESON, one enthusiastic advocate of the line is insured. He is certain to lose no time before he endea vours to bring the House over to his opinion. Mr GTLEESON will calculate that a new Parliament is prettv sure to go in for a railway somewhere or another; and he will wish the preference to be given to that line, he believes that the greatest ad vantage would ensue to South Australia from the construction of. We have never opposed the Port Augusta line, but we have maintained that the project which more immediately effects this district has prior claims. There may be Moonta's and Wallaroo's in the Far North, but there are, on the Peninsula. And there are here, also, a number of other mines, that, dispute the low price of copper, the dis advantages caused by injudicious legisla tion that the mine proprietors suffer from, and the individual hardships of the miners in consequence of the immense distance between them and the agricultural dis trict from whenee they draw their sup plies, manage to struggle along and pay their way. Moreover, the district is, as one of the candidates most justly remark ed during the late election, the most for gotten and neglected by the Legislature f of all in the colonv. We sav this diB I v ^ trict has a prior claim to have the Wal laroo and Clare tramway constructed; but there are other reasons, perhaps? more co gent, why time should be taken ere the Port Augusta line is commenced. We do not consider that calculations as to so many tons of ore coming down the Port Augusta line are worth one frac tion. The calculators might as well set to work to tell us how many Moonta's there are in the Far North. They do not know for certain that there is one, and they certainly cannot say whether there are half a dozen. And we may also dis miss from our calculations all nonsense about any .large amount of traffic, consist ing of pastoral and agricultural produce. One train would bring away the annual produce of agoodmany stations and no one pretends that the Blmman is an. agricul tural district. The question, we submit, that has to be answered is, not how many tons of ore would come down the line per year, not how many mines will be floated in Green's Exchange, but are there relia ble grounds other than the vague and often uncertain reports of mine captains, and the still more unreliable belief of min ing men, for concluding that we have a great mineral treasury in the north, which only requires that easy communication should be opened between it and the sea board to materially and to the wealth and resources of the colony ? That there is copper, and a large amount, in the Far North we are assured. So, on the other hand, there is copper at Franklin Harbor. There are lodes in abundance with very promising surface indications on the western side of Spencer's Ghilf. All the in formation to hand go§s to prove that the prospects of northern mines are infinite ly superior to those of the Franklin Har bor mines; but still, the fact remains that the presence of promising surface indica tions does not insure permanent valua ble lodes. The ill-fitted $ew Cornwall Mine is an illustration of this fact, for on the ground of the company there would be no difficulty in finding splendid carbo nates'and muriates within a fevyfeet of the surface in a dozen different places. An4 we must remember that the nausea of the mines which have been commenced it* the North is legion. Numbers of these $4 not fulfil the expectations with which their owners commended them. That the district is rich in minerals, is with us, as with other colonists, an article of faith, but that there are numerous and valua ble mines only waiting for the construc tion of a railroad to be worked, is not yet proven. We believe that it would be more satis factory to intelligent colonists if the Government would take steps to procure the very best scientific evidence as to whether the mineral riches in our northern mining district are as great as has been somewhat confidently stated. It may be true that a geologist never yet found a copper mine, but that geologists have ren dered most important services to the cause of mining is beyond dispute. The fact will be remembered that Sir HODEBICK MTTKCHI80N, long before the discovery of gold in Australia, authoritive ly declared gold would be found here. This opinion he formed, without visiting the country, from his knowledge, acquired partly by personal research of the gold bearing district in XLussia around the Ural Mines. We believe there are scores of English capitalists who would rather invest their money after a favourable opinion had been passed upon our northern mining district by a geologist of note, than any other circumstances, save the actual profitable working of valuable mines. To us it seems that the Govern ment would act wisely, in asking a gentle man of repute in the scientific world to visit and report upon the district ere the the construction of a railway be com menced. The coBt occasioned by such a visit would be reimbursed to us a hun_ dred fold when the stock for the proposed* railway should be placed in the share market. And in the meantime some thing might be done for these mines and | mine proprietors who have borne the j burden and heat of the day. J PARLIAMENT is summoned to meet on Friday the 27th instant. THE following are the names of the new mini sters submitted for approval by Mr Sltrangwaya on Thursday, and immediately Gazetted, Chief - Secretary, Hon. Augustine Stow, M.L.C.; Attor ney-General, Hon. Henry Boll Templar Strang ways, M.P.; Treasurer, Edward Angas Hamil ton, M.P.; Commissioner of Crown Lands, Wentworth Cavenagb, M.P; Commissioner of Public Works, Fried rich Edward Heinrich Waif Kriehauff M.P. The general opinion seems to be that the Miuistry is likely to be a short lived ona. HEBBEUT PAISB, late clerfc to the Bank of j South Auetralii- Wallaroo, was on Thursday St the ! Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, found guilty of embezzlement, and sentenced to 18 months imprisonment with hard labor. THB Russian corvette that arrived at Adelaide, on Monday, left on Wednesday, for Victoria, but, in consequence of the weather, subsequently re turned. A MEETIH& of gentlemen interested in sporting was held at the Miners Arms K&dina;, oti Wednes day evening, Mr T. Mitchell, of the Exchange Hotel^in the chair. The business which was transacted related to the races to be held *>n the on the Yorke'# Peninsula Course on Whit-Moil day, and it was reeolrei that a committee meeting should take place on Monday next, for the pur pose of arranging a programme. THE Hon. A. Blythand Mr E- Wardhare been entertained at GuniBraohS Tby their constituent®. Neither of the two hon. members uttered any* . thing very remarkable as to political matters. Mr Blyth announced, what every one knew, that he was hoping again to be in the Ministiy j and Mr Ward is going to do his best, ahouldTtf r S©3S&* ways retain office to turn him out " as he (Mr Strangways) had not the'slightest claim to the n> spect of any honest man." Moreover, Mr Strang ways was designated a political apostate by Mr - Ward. Abuse of a cabinet minister, of this des cription, comes with peculiar* grace from a young member who has not yet taken his seat in the - House. Apparently, Mr B>. ?». Baker will now find a rival to the claims he has to wear a leather meddle for superabundant modoBty. Abuse mayg by Mr Ward, betaken for cogent reasoning or for forcible eloquence; but it is to be hoped Mr Speaker will be able to discriminate more nicely. To Mr Ward, it doubtless follows that he is in possession of the virtues Mr Strangways is eo de ficient of, but we are not aware that this is the general opinion in the colony. Comparisons ar© / odious, and in this case particularly so; butwedo^Vy happen to know a great many persons who would/ rather prefer to bet upon the political honesty of 'he Attorney-General than upon the self vaunted virtues of Mr Ward. At any rate the Attorney General is neither a braggart nor his own fugle | man. - 1 THE prospectus has been issued of the Stirling 1 Gold Mining Cotapany which proposes to work some ground near to the Oak&paringa; River. A VEBY fine and welcome run has fallen upon the Peninsula during the present week. Bun was failing throughout the whole of Thursday^ steadily, and at intervals during Thursday night. ; Friday was showery. This rain will, we believe. Le sufficient to start the grass, and if ao it will save the lites of a large number of sheep on the | Peninsula. | Sow some people employ hours that are by ' others spent in idleness may be seen by anyone ! who should chance to payja visit to the shop of | Mr PhillipB, hairdresser, Kadina. During the intervals thatiave elapsed befcweenthe departure of one customer and the arrival- «f-another, Mr Phillips has built a finger organ, powerful enough for a hall, dining room, or moderately sized church. The whole of the workmanship of the organ is Mr Phillips's own, even to the bone with which the keys are plated. The pipes are* of course, made of wood, not metal. ' The organ, which has three stops, has a full and sweet tone, and would be a desirable acquisition to any one fond of muBic, who had a sufficiently large room to place it in. 14? fJ. Higkis, who will superintend theWel laroo Mines, arr ived at Adelaide this week by the branch mail steamer, and from thence came by the Overland Mail tq Kadina on Thursday. Before leaving England Mr Higga was presented with a silver ealver, valued at 60 guineas, by the men who had been working under him. We un derstand thai he is a fVUow of one or morc of the learned Societies in England, and that he hastra veiled ext<msively|in America and the on Continent. .When in England he was consul for several foreign States, and his father is one of t%e most extensive mining proprietors in the West. Mm Higgs has accompanied Mr Higga to this colony, and she, we understand, was rel&ted; to the late Sir Humphrey Davy, who, it will he remembered, was born at Penzance, Cornwall. WE perceive that "one interested irt'shipping," who hails from Port Wakefield, has written to the Register wondering that either the WAtlABOO TIMES or anyone else on the Peninsula, should complain that shipping chargas should have to be pud by miners an breadstuffe from Glare to Port Wakefield, thence to 'Port Wallaroo, and coBts thence to Moanta or Eadina. ThaRegUte*** correspondent pathetically; $sks, would not the freight for this round about route cost less than produce coming overland from Clare to Wallaroo at this season of the year ? And wiliit not there fore moke a cheaper loaf.&r; the miner than a dearer one ? The fact isf there is no question of comparison is the case. Whether the freight is less OF move is utterly beside the question at is sue. That Mr lumber would send wheat and ' flour via Port Wakefield to Wallaroo, when he could send it cheaper by the snore direct over land route never entered, into the head of anyone but the writer of the letter in question, who chooses to call himself one interested in shipping -^although what shipping has to do with Port Wakefield we don't know. But what some per sons, with heads full of rubbish, and anxious to rush into print, would do without the Register for a vent-piece, we cannot conceive. Tub political state in Victoria is thus des cribed by the Australasian :-" The political bar ometer, which for three weeks past has stood at " set fair," is beginning to show indications of-a change. The programme of the Ministry and the speech of Mr Miohie is considered to be too lib eral and enlightened for the Tetrogradje party symbolised hy an " old hat," and terrible threats are indulged in with respect to the Government when it meets Parliament. Various members of the Legislative Assembly, whose names and olaitns were over-looked when the present Minis-, try was formed, are indignant not at having been personally Blighted-perish the thought!-but. that the country should have been denied the opportunity of profiting by their services j»t this important juncture. Probably a dissolution is at hand, and a yawning gulf will thus be opened, into which 5J0 or 30 patriotic Ourtii will have a chance of precipitating themselves, with the abso lute certainty that, after they have done so, no body will miss them." MISSES Hepburn and Leonard of Bt. report that " account sales of wool sold this season in London received by this mail, offer great inducements to buyers of good-wooled sheep, Messrs T. and S. Learnionth'e clip from Eroildoun realising up to 4s per lb." THE destution existing in Queensland, in oan sequence of the wholesale system of immigration I adopted by the Government of that colony, is thus forcibly illustrated-" At almost every port hundreds of men are to be seen " hanging about the wharveB," anxiously awaiting any employ ment for the smallest compensation. One of the instances he mentioned was that eighty men ap plied for a situation, in which the remuneration for the work to be done was only I5s per week." THE Mount Gafhbier Standard has the follow ing :-" We frith plaasure publish the following letter intimating that a handsome bonus, equiva lent to £10 per ton on one hundred tons of sugar, .Will be placed on the Estimates as an encourage ment to the manufacture. We think the Govern ment has adopted a wise and sagacious etep and we congratulrte the district on the favorable prospects which attend this project-'Sir-In reply to your letter of 14th March last, address ed to His Excellency the Governor, and the Hon orable Executive Council, I am directed by the Chief Secretary to inform you, that the Govern ment have approved of a 6um of one thousand pounds being placed on the next Estimates, as a bonus for tho first hundred (100) tons of Beet sugar, grown and manufactured in this colony. THE Mount Alexander Mail, recurring once more to the Constitutionalists in the Victorain Assembly, says that .' it is a pertinent question to ask what iu the future of that party is likely to be either in the House or out of it. In the House it is clearly disintegrated, broken up, disorganised without a purpose, and without a leader, and without esprit de corps. Perhaps the fate that has overtaken it is only what might have been ex pected from a careful consideration of its origin. It was called into existence-was constutional ism-to do battle for a principle that was felt to be engendered by the conduct of its opponents. It fought the battle bravely and stoutly as these opponents must,admit, and it succeeded in main taining the principle for which it fought safe and inviolate. The battle having been won, of what use is it to keep the standards displayed, and the combatants resting on their arms ? To our minds the best thing that the commanders can do is to declare their forces disbanded and to merge as quickly as possible into one or other of the parties that may happen to present xnoBt points of likeness to their sympathies. As long as the sense of irritation is kept up by a show of hos tilities, there is not the least change of terms being negotiated, and unless Messrs Langton and Macmahon have resolved to discharge the func tions of Eree Lances, fighting to-day against the allies of this party, and to-morrow against the allies of to-day, they can be said to have no fixed status or denominational existence at all. As a matter of course while they remain disorganised iu the House, they cannot expect to have to re present them outside, and the sooner they are made thoroughly conscious of the consequences of their late vague and inconsequential tactics the better." 1 THE town correspondent of the Border Watch writes respecting the Attorney- General and the Parliament:-" That will depend on the col leagues whom he may Belect to succeed the pre sent glorious team. If there should be nothing to forgive in them the Attorney-General himse f would be easily forgiven, for he is indispensable. Not only will the intelligent section of the new men feel that their Bole chance of useful legisla tion lies in his remaining on the Treasury benches i but the public would st once despair of the I House if, all unfledged as it is, it ahou'd cbal lenge fight with the most dangerous Islimaclite { there eau be in Opposition. On one thing all moderate impartial observers are agreed-that the j first duty of tho new Parliament is internal or ganisation, and that tho performance of this duty will demand the utmost circumspection and self- restraint. The combustible elements of the Young Australia Brigade will have to be repress ed for a session at least, and a firmer rein will have to be held on the Treasury benches than was ever felt by the late Parliament. It might not bo true to say that Mr Strangways is the only, or even tho best leader available for the emergency, but it is self-evident that if he ?hould be on the cross benches there will be no leadership possible elsewhere. His old oppon ents will be fain to Irick against him to tho last, and justly so; but ho lias still an opportunity of entrenching himself behind tho new men if he chooses to form a Government which they and the country can decently accept. To reappear before the new Parliament on the same footing and in the same country as when he diesolved the late Parliament, will be a distinct challenge to renew the contest of 1869, and in the final issue Mr Strangways might go down with the rest At least he would deserve to. But a satisfactory reconstruction-long delayed and ungraciously conceded as it would be-might still atone for his personal share in recent irregularities. It would be a voluntary performance of quarantine-an indirect confession of error-an implied apology for the bad company he has so unwisely adhered to against all the dictates of prudence and the reBpeot he owed to the public service. On this ground there is a general hope that the rumours of reconstruction will be verified. An up-country correspondent of the Pastoral Times writesI have seen the wholesale prison er with his cart of drugs proceeding on his dead ly mission, and ere this is in type he will be at full work in fiourke, if any publican is base enough to employ him. He makes four gallons out of one so that no one can tell the difference-carry ing a good head, and all that; also, best Devon shire cornea within the category of this unscrupu lous villians requirements. If there is not a law to stay the hand of death being so administered, I think the sooner one is made the better. I hope he will get the entertainment he eo richly merits at Bourke. The Register says.-The mail has brouglit in formation that Lieut. J. A. Ferguson, of the 2nd Battalion Rifle Brigade, brother of Sir James Ferguson, Bart, who has received the appoint ment of Private Secretaiy to His Excellency in succession to Lieut-Colonel Edgcumbe, has sailed for Melbourne en route to Adelaide in the Great Britain. THE Otago Daily Times lately published a .tory respecting the Aucklaud Isles, in which the discovery of the skull of a horse and the skeleton of & young woman was reported as un unaccount able circumstances. The Nelson Colonist thus explains the mystery:-" The head of the horse is thus accounted for, as we have learned from Mr Younger, the surveyor of the Nelson Board Works, who formed one of the party who went out with Governor Enderby in 1849. The ship Charles Enderby, which formed one of an expe dition to the Auckland Isles, called at Hobart Town on her way out, and there the Governor bought a chesnut horse, which he shipped and took to the islands, where a few days after land ing the horse strayed, and was lost in the bush. The skull referred to is, without doubt, that of his horse. Mr Younger says that the hill where tlie skull was found is only a few hundred yards from the original settlement. The female 6kull was that of one of the Maoris who lived there, and were buried on tl e b?»ch in Bhailow graves." Some of the New Zealand papers are talking of an enterprise for visiting those islands, with the view of raising the cargo of the General G-rant. New Orleans and Chicago papers express re gret at the presence of armies of unemployed men in the street* of those cities." THE Pall Mall Budget of the 25th February, has a notice of the effect which the opening of the Suez Canal may have upon woolgrowers, which has escaped the colonial press. It is there mentioned that in the Provincial Assembly of Taurida, sitting at Sempheropool, woolgrowing, was fully discussed, the general view being gloomy ; Russian manufacturers could not com plete with the raw material from Australia. It was computed that while the feeding of a sheep for a year in Australia costs only about 2d. it cost in tbe Crimea from 4s. to 5s. The Crimean sheep have short fleeces, whereas the machinery in factories is made more and more every day with a view to the long fleeces of Australia; the Crimean sheepowners, therefore claim protection. To this end the Provincial Assembly of Taurida have petitioned for an imposition of a tax on all foreign wool. This notice may lead to further inquiries. Messrs Robert Napier and Sons, of Glasgow, are constructing for Messrs Devitt & Moore, of London a magnificent screw -steamship of about 3,000 tons register, to he fitted with a pair of com pound engines, capable of maintaining an actual working power of 2,000 horse. The steamer is intended for Messrs. Deritt & Moores London and Australian passenger line, aud will be com manded by Captain George MacDonald. In ad dition to her great steam power, she will be so rigged that in the event of an accident t J the machinery she will, in point of speed and safety, be equal to any first-class sailing elipper afloat. THE local correspondent of tbe Standard writes;-" A load of rare and dainty produce \- was being disposed of at Smythesdafe on Monday by Mr Charles Williame, a resident well known in connection with many a little enterprise in the catering and other lines. Mr Williams, from a sort of mushroom preserve in the district, the locale of which intending mushroom gatherers will, of course, have to find out for themselves, had brought in the full of his spring cart of fresh delicious mushroome, and on Monday afternoon he had disposed of 16a wurth, while he estimated that had at least 10s worth more, from which he purposed making catsup. Many persons, who think they ought to know almost every inch of the district, are unable to form the slightest con jecture as to where' Charlie * alighted upon a mushroom bed so extensive, and seem half inclin ed to think that be must havo been in league with the fairies." In the Murrumbidgee and Murray distriots, according to the Goulburn Herald, the wheat growers are unable to dispose of their, produce at remunerative prices. For some weeks past prioes have continued to fall, and holders of gr<iin who cannot wait for a rise are unable to effect sales at any price short of an actual sacrifice of their labour aud capital. The mills at Albury and Howling and tbe buyers lower down the river, have ceased buying at anything beyond prices that are suited to mere speculative investments, and many of the new selectors would only be to willing in their present necessity to sell for 2s. or 2s. 6d. per busbel. In the neighbourhood of Wagga Wagga 2s. 9d. has been asked for wheat, and no sales have been effected, while hay has been disposed of in stack for 45s. per ton. The subject of the following, taken from the Gazette, may be safely described as eccentric in his conduct. On the evening of the lSlh instant a stranger called at Sewell's public-house, Toong abbie, Gipps Laud, and retired to bed, but rose almost immediately in a very excited state, and walked about the front of the house in his shirt and trousers, praying, and gesticulating. He than gave his money to the landlord observing that he was not afraid to die. He afterwards put on his slippers, and went away, and has not been heard ot since. He is described as aged about 40, 5ft. 6in. high, stout built, short dark whiskers and moustache j had dark monkey jacket, brown felt hat, and dirty moleskin trousers. He spoke with a foreign accent, and is supposed to be a Frenchman." Lieutenant Panter has been instructed to take advantage of the opportunities afforded by the overland mail passage, to institute enquiries in Egypt with the view of ascertaining whether it may not be practicable to bring out the Cerberus by way of the Suez Canal. No iron-plated ves sel has yet attempted the passage, and it is doubt ful whether the Cerberus, with her large draught, will be able to accomplish it. Anexpe dition is now being fitted out in Mel bourne for the exploration of the Auckland Islands, and arrangments are so well forward that it will probably depart in a few days. It will be composed of fifteen persons, aud its object is to search for gold. Among the explorers is the clerk to the captain of the ship General Grant which was wrecked on one of the islands. Un der his directions a diver will be employed to make an attempt at recovering the gold which went down wi«h the vessel. Another gentleman who accompanies the expedition is the discoverer of some of the richest alluvial workings in Cali fornia, and will direct prospecting operations. The adventurous party propose to remain for six or nine months in the islands, and they hope to fall in with seals enough to secure them against loss. Oub readers (says the Argus) may be interested to hear that he telegraphic report of Mr Michie's speech which appeared in the Argus, ofluesday' was the longest press message ever transmitted in I Victoria. It consisted of 7,440 wurds and oc cupied two of the most skilful operators in the public service exactly four hours in the transmis sion. This is precisely 31 words per minute, a rate of speed quite unprecedented in the experience of the Victorian Telegraph department, and re flecting the highest credit on the gentlemen em ployed on the work. We may add that the operators expressed themselves in the highest terms with regard to the excellence of the arrange ments of the members of our staff who reported the speech, the rapidity and regularity with which the " copy " was supplied to them having greatly facilitated the expeditious transmission of the report. The reporters in their turn desire to acknowledge the zealous co-operation of Mr Bechervaise, the station-master at Ballarat* whose services were invaluable in forwarding their work. THE trial of Thomas Webb Draper for embez zle mtnt was concluded in tha Criminal Court, Melbourne, and resulted in the acquittal of the prit-oner on all the charges brought against him. But little additional evidence was tendered by the Crown, neither the manager of the Commercial Bank nor any of the directors being examined. Their absence was severely commented upon by Mr Ireland, Q.C., in his address, and evidently produced an effect upon the jury. A number of law points were raised in the prisoner's favour, the reBult being that the judge directed the jury to confine their attention to the first count of the indictment, charging the prisoner with the em bezzlement of a cheque for £1,990, and to dis regard the other two counts. Some of the jury were desirous of bringing in a verdict of not proven, which in Scotch law is permissible, but not in English courts, and on being directed that they must find a verdict one way or the other, they speedily pronounced the prisoner " K"ot Guilty." There are two other charges yet pend ing against him, but it is problematical whether they will be proceeded with. Sentence upon Thomas Taylor, who was convicted a few days ago of fraud as a trustee, was deferred until the decision of the full Court upon the points reserv ed was obtained. The Court then adjourned sine die. The Argus remarks:-Two hundred families and 84 single women accustomed to farm and domestic service, residing in and around Wigan, Lancashire, have formed themselves into a co operative association, with a view to enable the whole of them to emigrate to this colony- A neighbouring schoolmaster, who formerly resided in Victoria, has been the originating and guiding spirit of the movement; which has been second ed by a number of gentlemen on this side of the world, and assisted by our agent-general in Lon don, who has selected seven families for free pas sage by the Great Britain. Thirty persons are now on their way hither, and will constitute the pioneers of what we trust will prove to be a large body of valuable immigrants, habituated both to agricultural and mining labour, and actuated by that self-helping sentiment which is so essential to success everywhere, and eo indispensable to set tlers in a new country. Mr Bandrick, the school master referred to, lias been appointed local emi gration agent, we are glad to learn, and has pro mised to collect a number of Lancashire lasses for inspection by the agent-general, with s view to their being sent out here ; and as he is stated to " possess the confidence of a large number of tbe labouring population of the district," his zealous efforts on the part of the colony are likely to prove extremely beneficial to it. It is a pity we could not command the services of such a volun teer in each of 50 or 60 of the provincial districts of Great Britain and Ireland." The Province of Canterbury, in New Zealand, is making rapid progress in the production of grain. It appears from the Lyttclton Times that the quantity of wheat grown this season was al most equal to the quantity grown in the whole colony during the year 1868. Taking wheat and barley together the yield was equal. The Can terbury returns give an average per acre of 28 bushels of wheat, and of 33 of oats and 31 of bar ley. The Times draws a contrast between this and the average yield of wheat in South Austra lia-remarking that " it is not. surprising to learn that the farmers of South Australia are being ruined on all sides, and that those who have the means are leaving the country for other colo nies." AT the Criminal Sittings, on Thursday, James Hazael charged with feloniously assaulting Mrs S. Duncan, of Moonta, was acquitted. 