STEANOE NEWS FROM TUB A USTRALIAN SKIES. Moke than a year ago a discovery was an nounced by an astronomer in the southern hemi sphere which seemed so strange and so perplexing, that Sir John HerscheL commenting upon it, remarked ' that no phenomenon in astronomy had yet turned up presenting anything like the same interest, or calculated to raise so many and such momentous points for inquiry and specula tion.' One of those mysterious nebulous masses which astronomers had been in the habit of re garding as galaxies, resembling in extent and magnificence the sidereal scheme to which the sun belongs, seemed to be undergoing a most astounding series of changes. During the winter months, when Orion shines with fuu glory, the famous nebula which clings aroung his pendant sword presents to our northern observers an ob ject similar to the nebula in question. Everyone iias heard of the strange interest which attaches to this Orion nebula, of the mysterious far reaching arms which extend from it, the dark central vacancy, and the brilliant array of stars which the six feet mirror of Lord Rosse has brought into view in the very heart of the ne bula. But in the Bouthern skies there is an ob ject of the same class even more glorious and more mysterious. In the richest part of the southern heavens, a part so rich, indeed, that according to the argument of a well-known astronomer, the splendour of the constella tions comprised in it illumines tiie heavens as a new moon would, there lies the great nebula known among astronomers as ' the Nebula in Argo.' The Orion nebula can only be seen on the darkest nights, but the great Argo nebula shines as brilliantly as a third-magnitude star, and is scarcely obliterated even by the effulgence of the full moon. It is, in fact, the most splen did nebula in tiie whole heavens. Yet this glorious object, whose contemplation has led oar most thoughtful astronomers to form new ideas of the grandeur of the universe, whose dhngiwoM ?Mind ImiMminHt hy «ny nnit «f length men could devise— tiie whole of this magnificent nebula k drifting about like a cloud be6rea«hiftB«wiiid. For tiie news which seemed so surprising to Sir John Herschel has just been conmTnedby th»fe*elatio&sof; anew telescope of enormous powet. \JCta ftew kid oome, first of «JL from a Hinal! MwniHHy ' i onljr li»r inches, indeed, in *npr$f» j «a| ttjHeand quite possible that the WiVMwrftolart»meatfawMpared with the ^pA^faetaciSfayl%JBljBflewdbeIdnr Siwdtol!^ mi Manna tumniliii of cfcaay. Wtptw tim t^jSmmTmmt fa at -wtk JmjiiMjBfi n m i - rTw ;«?? ii nub \, tiie work to be done by this gi^ftiflectaipo after years is shadowed forth by itt first «i£kt exploit, we may well look eagerly BflruUr tiie discoveries it will effect ' ? ? Sir John Herschel had said, a year and mire ago, that the strange inquiries suggested by the news then lately received about tbeAreo neboU ' must be settled.' We cannot do bejjter thaa use the ipdsdma verba of the great astronomer: — 'The question,' he said, 'is not one of minute variations of subordinate features, which may or may not be attributable to difierenoeof optical power iu the instruments used by different observers, as in the case of tiie Orion nebula, but of a total change of form and aharaeter— a complete subversion of all the greater and most striking features — accompanied with an amount of relative movement between tiie star and the nebula, and of the brighter portions of tiie latter inter w, which reminds us more of the capricious changes of form and place in a cloud drifted by the wind, than of anything heretofore witnessed in the sidereal heavens. Urged on, doubtless, by the importance thus attached to the question by the greatest astro nomer of the day, Mr Le Sueur turned the newly mounted reflector to the great nebula. The ] result is now before us. There seems no longer j the ienst room to doubt that the nebula has changed in the most marvellous manner since ! Sir joiui Herschei, a third of 'a century ago, i mapped its most striking features. The start, ! which are strewn over thenebula, and which have been sicken of by Sir John Heisclielas probably | much nairer to us, have remained unchanged in position and with one exception have not chituged much in relative brilliancy. So that Mr Le Sueur has been led to form the opinion that the nebula is much nearer to us than the stars — a view clearly* tending to diminish our idats of the real dimensions of the nebula, and so rendering the observed changes somewhat less astounding than they otherwise would be. For bearing to speculate, us indeed we have no means of forming an oj)iuioi) about the phyeii-.il c.iuscf to which those marvellous changes may be due, let us consider a little the concTusk'U to which Mr Le Sueur has beeu drawn. Because the stars seen with the nebula have remained unchanged while the neb tfa itself lias shifted about so strangely, the opinion is sug gested, says Mr Le Sueur, that the nebula and the stars are in no way associated And cer tainly one would ex]-ect to nnd the chances of tlie nebula accompanied by very remarkable changes in the rtar- group, if th?re were any bond of association between one and the other. Changes more remarkable perhaps than have been noticed in any other pait of the sidereal heavens might be looked for. What, however, if this were actually the case despite the fixity observed among 'the stars examined by Le Sueur i We have spoken of one exception to the constancy of these stars in brightness, what if that exception should be more than sufficient of itself to compensate for the fixity of tlie other stars ? The star that has changed is the famous Eta Argus, the most wonderful star in the whole heavens, and only surpassed in interest by one object— the nebula in the midst of which it is situated. — Loiulun Xjjeclator. An Exoiuiors Kangaroo Killkd.— Mr. Thomas M 'Donald, of Duramana (says the liat hnrd I'imetL killed on the road at the back of Mount Kaukiu, about six miles from Bathurst, one of the largest kangaroos that lias ever !-een seen iu this district. Mr M'Dnnald was accompanied by two dogs, and shortly after being sighted, the 'old man' was brought to bay. There was no heavy timber in the imme diate vicinity of the spot, so that the veteran of the forest was unable to obtain any back sup port in the shape of a large tree, and was placed rather at a disadvantage when attacked by Ins canine opponents. He defended himself with great obstinacy, however, and it was not until he had beeu brought to earth twelve times that lie 'gave up the ghost.' During the attack, Mr. Macdonald stood close at hand ready to dis patch the kangaroo in the event of either of the dogs being seized ; but owing to the wideness with which they both fought, they did not sus tain a siugle scratch. Upon being measured, the animal was found to be over 7 feet in length, and it is estimated that it weighed upwards of two hundredweight. The tail alone when cut off, measured 4 teet 3 inches in length, by 24 inches in circumference, at the thickest part, aud its weight was 24lbs. 