PANEGYRIC ON THE LATE FATHER DUIGAN. *' Consummatus in brevi explevit tempora multa.' *' Being made perfect, in a short space he fulfilled ?along time.' — Wisdom, chap iv., v. 13. The Rev. G. F. Dillon delivered the following very eloquent address in St. Augustine's Church, Yass, on the occasion of the month's mind of the late Father Duigan, on the 3rd inst : —It falls, my brethren, to my sorrowful lot to lead you in the consideration this day's solemn ceremony must dispose yoa, but too well, to make. Would that some other of my brethren within the sanctuary were chosen for the task, which, even now, at the very commencement, I feel, from the saddening influences surrounding, al most unable to discharge. Here, indeed, I de termined to be, but only as a silent partaker in this solemn tribute o£ religious duty and respect for the dead ; and nothing save the anxious so licitation of one. united with me in the same bond .of brotherhood as was your departed pastor ; and the superadded wish of another, whose great services in the cause of religion — services known so well to you, not to speak of his present high and merited position— must give to his wish all the influence of a command, for every sincere Catholic in these colonies, — nothing short of this could iuduce me to undertake the task. For, alas ! that sorrow you so feelingly exhibit is my sorrow, your loss is my loss, and the duty you assemble, in such numbers, to discharge, is for me a duty also. It is a duty demanded by a friendship begun almost with boyhood, con tinued throughout the length of college years, made one by choice and destiny here at the ends of the earth, cemented by every tie similar de sires and aspirations in God could fortify, and, as I thought— how vain is every human calcu lation — to be continued longer. I had thought, . ., a few short months ago, to have visited here under circumstances of a far different nature. I had thought to have witnessed what has been J donefor God's glory by the truly Catholic con gregations settled in these districts, whose faith, springing from . that parennial fountain of the faith ®f this and; many .another land, and strengthened by the exertions of so many saintly : missionaries in succession, ia spoken of far and .????? near. I had thought to have seen waim in life ;' him whom I am come to, mourn dead. I had ' , hoped to have listened in this temple of God to those accents of fervour and devotion once so .'i familiar to me — now stilled for ever. I had ? '? hoped to have seen ministering at thai altar the forni of 'him, for whom it now sorrows, shrouded , , in the dark drapery of affliction. I had thought ? to have heard from earnest lips the' wishes of (he anxious missionary heart — anxious, ever ' , , ' anxious, 1 will even say too anxious, for the flock committed to his keeping. u And now — O God of majesty and mercy, be thy will* ever done !— all that I find of the. companion of my; youth and ? ', fche sharer of those blfcBsed' years iof niy; prepara tion for the priesthood; ifl that solitary mound without, where in sorrow you have laid him. My, brethren, I cannot help, with you, being perhaps too human ; but let us remember that the God of our adoration is human, as well aa divine— that the Son of the Eternal is the Son of the Virgin, the Mother of Sorrows— that Jesus had a heart of flesh, and wept, mourned for the women of Jerusalem, wept for the city of David his father, wept even for Lazarus saved but dead. The brethren of Him, /'like unto us in all things save in sin,' we t»o may mourn for the .inevitable, and, standing by the grave ready to receive us,, sorrow, for those it., has already taken away. But while in the midst of such Borrow let us remember there is for ua a consola tion and a duty. 'Death is for all, 'but bur God hath conquered it, 4nd our Christian hope is strong in1 the splendor of the resurrection. Our duty is now to render tribute to the majesty of Christian death, which, blessed be God ! cries out to-day in the triumph of Christ crucified, ''O death, where is thy sting,' as it transfers the object of our life -love to the regions of im mortality. And rising, still higher, above every human consideration, I will' say it ia a duty demanding from you and me, and from all who have witnessed it, the rendering to religion another triumph, for he whom we mourn' has died in its sacred service. Soldier of the Cross, his post has not been deserted ! Leader of the people of the Lord, he has shown' them to the very threshold the bright portals of heaven! Priest of the living God, he has refused no sacrifice — no, not that of 'life itself— to the honour of his Maker I Pastor of the fold, he has proved that neither cold, nor rain, nor labour, nor the rending pains of a broken, diseased body, could damp the ardour of the spirit with in or stifle the sense of duty, .when commanded, after the examole of his Master, to lav down his very life for his sheep ! Comummatus in brevi- — worn out, consumed, perfected as became him, in the noblest cause ever given by God to man to sustain, his death has been in every sense a glory — a glory to the ministry he en nobled — a glory to his soul with God — a loss and a calamity to those alone who, as we to-day, are left still standing on the brow of that precipice bordering the gulf over which he has passed in safety and in triumph, leaving to us the bright ness of an example which for many a year will shine as a beacon-light to guide us and others over the dark uncertain ocean of life to the blessed rest of eternity. In this light alone, my brethren, we are justi fied in receiving the death of your beloved pastor. And if despite the efforts you make, human feeling and human reason, may be disposed to be rebellious or question the holy will of our most merciful God, we have from the Holy Ghost himself a glorious answer. Why, we are tempted to ask, was one so good, so young, so unselfish, apparently so useful, taken, and the less perfect left}? But the answer is found in the context of the words I have chosen for my text : ' The just man,' says the Book of Wisdom, 'if he be taken by death shall be at rest, for venerable old age is not that of long time nor counted by the number of years, but the understanding of a man is gray hairs, and a Bpotless life is old age.' He pleased God and was beloved, and being among sinners he was translated. 'Beingmadeperfect, inashortspace he fulfilled a long time.' To reason upon this with you, dear brethren, would be an injury to its applicability to the death we commemorate. It is its simple and most beautiful history, it is made still more applicable further on, where it says — 'The Lord led the just man by straight paths and showed him the kingdom of God, and gave him knowledge of holy things, and made him honourable in labours and perfected his labours.' If we search the life and in the death of the departed minister of God's altar we shall find this reproduced — God always directing him by straight and most holy paths — the paths of his forefathers in the faith for centuries. The Lord continually stretching before hitn the glorious vision of the kingdom destined for him and to which he was to lead many others. ? The Lord making him honourable in the supernatural work of ministry ; finally, the Lord perfecting him in a short space,- and so causing him to fulfil many days, and translating him from the midst of us sinners to the everlasting rest and happi ness of tbe just. Our consideration dl thia will be for us the last, and I trust the permanent fruit of hia labours — the preaching ot his life and death which shall continue to be preached to us from his early grave. Individual as he was, he was yet a type, and no unworthy one, of a great and wonderful class; and in his death here at the antipodes, many thoughts'of faith and father' land find utterance. A fallen leader in that ad vancing and vict6riouB army which, issuing from the far-off island of his nativity — the island df saints and sages— hak already \ron for the suc cessor of the Fisherman, iu these modern days, a new empire, and which proves in its way the truth of the faith founded on the Fisherman by showing in the martyr trophies of its entire ,ppo- ? pie that ' the gates of hell cannot prevail against it j' his death .brings to, our, recollection what millions of his race are doing in almost half the universe. And many an unthoughtof glory of that cross, which no nation held aloft in calm or storm with more fidelity than Ireland, must necessarily be unfolded as we contemplate that life of which it is our chief duty, now, to perpetuate the remembrance. The Reverend Richard Joseph Duigan, your departed pastor, was born in Meath, in Mullin gar, almost in the very centre of his native is land ; and around him, from infancy, were spread those hallowed associations inseparable from every , home such as is in Ireland. His family were such a family as form the highest which the persecutions of three centuries permits at pre sent amongst the Irish Catholic race, and which,' ?ven yet, have regained little of the lost lands of their ancestry, but are usually found in profes sional or commercial or farming avocations. High intelligence, fervent piety, and patriotic attachment to their country are amongst their usual characteristics, at least when no defiling influence is found to tarnish that high sense of honour and duty, ever one of their leading fea tures. No matter what position worldly success may give such families, the Church and religion are always sure to find most fervent votaries among their most promising members, and it net unfrequently happens that the more tender the rearing and the higher the position, the more arduous the position in God's Church they chose. No wonder, for in such Irish families everything tends to cause the opening infant mind to expand and settle upon God. The mother's love, ever, anxiously careful that no influence other than that of religion should ap proach her child, ever reverently fearful lest any names save those of Jesus and Mary should be found in greater honour upon the lips or in the heart of her child. The fervour of faith and of family devotion — the continued superiority of the things of heaven above the things of earth manifested in all the surroundings — the feast and the fast — the constantly recurring season of penance and season of rejoicing, moulds him insensibly until he comes in riper years to see, and think abroad and grow Btill stronger in the faith within him. The sacraments and teach ing of the Church, the conversation of the ministers of- the sanctuary, makes this perfect; and, above all, the example, the rich recollections and associations of faith in the country all around him, coming upon such an education, is sure to work in any generous soul that heroism which works, in so many lands, the miracle of the Irish faith. Of such kind were the opening years of Father Duigan ; and looking upon his early grave this morping came up to me from years gone bye the recollections of the efforts of such training upon him, and upon many another such generous nature, it happened to be my privilege to know. Upen few could the influence work more advantageously. Looking from his home in Meath he could see the hill upon which the Apostle of his country confronted the Ardrigh of Erin and lit that paschal fire which no power of earth or hell has since been able to extinguish, and where was everlastingly symbolised the union of Irish faith and nationality in the emblem of the most exalted of Christian mysteries. And from that ancient mound, withersoever the youthful eye might turn, east, west, north, or south — everywhere could be seen generations of monuments of Irish faithj fervour, and endurance. The tall towers pointing heaven, wards and recalling the early days when' his native land, like to that sheet of living flame, as it was : visioned to St. Patrick, was wrapped from centre to sea in the absolute love and service of God. Then the crumbling ruins of ancient fanes, scattered with strange profusion withersoever he may bend his steps, would tell of the departed majesty of his religion in another era, while the broken tombstones among the' rank verdure of the once well-trodden aisles of such ancient sancturies would remind him of the line of generations, each in a different way tell ing of the glory or the heroism of its fervent faith. The dismantled keeps, still grand in their calm majestic decay, would speak to him of the sufferings, the chivalry — it may be the martyr dom — of his princely ancestors, butchered or banished by some Mountjoy, ; Coote, or Crom well for attachment unaltered .and unalterable to the religion whichhad beenj.the glory of their noble houses for ov,er a thousand years. The sacred island— the holy well — the wayside grave yard— the humble temple filled each 'Sabbath to overflowing with earnest worshippers— the tales of- simple faith narrating real miracles the re. minisceaceB of but a' recent past, full of thrill ing' recollections for the living — the 'mass rock,' shown by some grey-head patru»io». who, when a boy, he watched for the apppearance o! the penal law minion while Bome departed priesfe (the asheB from whose grave is now reverently taken and replaced— by a faith telling its mira* cles) offered up in the sharp wintry wind the holy sacriiice of Calvary — the gate of the county town on which the head of that priest was im paled, when at length it pleased God to elevate the confessor into the martyr. In fact, wher* ever his youthful gaze could settle, whatever met him in any part of holy Ireland- its moun tains, its valleys, its rivers, its islands,.' its cities, its Bea shoreB breathed out religion in sortie of its glorious aspects in times gone hye. :,-Thafc faith of the past he also seeB reproduced in the present, and' in Ireland he cannot live without being exposed to its mighty power, a power which made a persecutor who, to please hig employers, had employed all the Malice and subtlety of a demon in vain, say that the 'very soil and air in Ireland breathed Popery.' He sees it in the heroism of that Christian Irish mother who kneels upon the cold drenched highway aad pours out a fervent prayer for Heaven to stay the anger of her hus band, 'maddened at seeing his offspring expiring for want of coarsest food and shelter, while the roof- tree that covered his fathers for generations and protected his own and his children's infancy, falls beneath the heartless edict pronouncing banishment or slow starvation upon him and his. He could see it in the triumph of religion over that variety of charity which with diabolical in genuity and malice could offer to hunger the means of escaping its pangs— the means even of life in comfort— on condition of 'some single act of apostacy ; and he could know of thousands of martyrs now in heaven who rejected the miser able bribe and died bearing in patience the want that slowly destroyed the vital principalwithin them. Everywhere in that holy land the young mind of the future missionary becomes m'ore and more imbued with the principles of faithr which Providence destines him to carry in after^years to far off lands. ? If zeal should be wanting to stimulate to love and endurance,.' everywhere embodied about him, neither does this fail h;tn. He sees it wherever his eye may rest upon the new monuments of his nation's awakening from the apparent death of three centuries. He sees it made in conquest of that State religion — fib creation of depraved human power— and his young heart is gladdened as he beholds her rising in victory over the dead body of her rival, killed by its creator, the Parliament' of England — jes, even in a grandness greater than the first he be held arising, all the institutions of his religion — churches, colleges, schools, convents, hospitals, and orphanages. He sees it .rejecting the tainted offering of power, and buildiag for itself a wholesome system of education, em bracing all from the very lowest to the highest, culminating oven in a university. Added to all this he beholds the same spirit that glorified his race in age3 gone by — still living — as Ireland in all her temporal calaiuio ei is not satisfied with assisting religion in herself only, but comes to the rescue of her own childiea and others iu far distant lauds, in I may now say, half the universe?. A warning of this kind cannot be without its effect, nor was it, my brethren, with your devoted pastor. The call of God came to him in childhood, and the dawning tastes of infancy told a mother's keen perceptions that her boy was destined for the sanctuary. I will not say that his desires were thwarted. It , ia the joy of every Irish mother — the greatest happiness she can die possessing— to have a child amongst the ministers of heaven — bo have her eyes closed in death by consecrated hands Bhe well knows will not fail to offer up for her soul the mighty sacrifice of Calvary. But then, in time it became evident that nob ouly did he aspire to the priesthood, but that all his thoughts were turned towards the departing footsteps of his coun trymen, and that the Almighty not only needed him for the sanctuary, but destined him for the apostleship of his race aud nation. Here was the difficulty. So long as t*ie young Samuel could be seen in the temple of God, clothed in the ephod with the Heiis so much in veneration, few Irish families would offer opposition. But to go far from them and to go for ever — to take from his friends the consolation, the honour of his presence the benefit of hia advice— that, indeed, was another question, and f here [ will not wait to dilatQ upon all the fond alluring arguments flesh and blood will employ to win the future missionary from his clioice. Father Duigan conquered them, all, aud while fchuu. ht» of his .future labours yot occupied his boyish mind, an event of groat consequence to his coun try and for Irelau 1 took place. This was the foundation of the now celebrated Irish college of All Hallow p— the wonderful w.uk, under God, of a young priest of Meath, named John [land, who al. ne, aud at first uuaided, conceived the idea of ;.gaiu recalling the ancient glories of his fatherland by th-i establMliim at of an. institution wholly, destined to supply the wants of foreign countries, but more especially those where tl e aiillioaa of Irish exiles were uuvv to be found. ' , , ., . . To be concluded ia our next. ?.; .1 1.. ' ?.?.).,.??? ? .1) - ? ,. ,. , ;;'.; . , ,/ 