Jottinars by the Way. T'tv iim'KY VI XE YARDS. Ai.r.u; ? mi vineytu-ds :;re becoming more and in^ro assiv;:.-. i every year. ..« loelo -( i.-i x.w.ir. Kiich vear m» large' additions made to the already large acreage covered with the vine — for almost every fcr.i.er in the district cultivates from half an acre to ten, and yearly adds to the yilnnt^tion ; so that the banks of the 'Murray on each side for forty m':li.;S will, in ooarse of Lime, stand thick with gnx-n ru:T. nicnts of choice vines, competing for fame and cxcci l.?n,v in ilip markets of Melbourne and Sydney. The heat and drought of the last three months, however, are tcllinsr fearfully on the fruit of the present season. The muscatels arc shrivelled into raisins on the stalks, and tho other vsriftk-s are ecarce half their size. The leaves nre falling off so fkst that many plants retain no shade at all ; this is I attributed to' an over-dose of ^de-pruning, whu-j \ Euenis to have Wn avoided iu the larger vineyards — and it is calculated that the yield of must will not i-e morp than half of what w^'anli'.-iitiU-l two months sini.1-. . , . . , At the numerous farms and vineyards I visited 1 i.,.-i with a great variety of reception. Some were Ehv, some unVilline. some indifferent : while at most of the more important ones all the informa tion I had a rirht to expect was frcelv tendered. The ghost of a Chinese informer still haantc-i more than one vi^neron. Among the many excellent vineyards and esWlj lishniiT.ts which I had the pleasure of visiting in the district, 1 mny mention that of Mr. Fallon's, or 1, The Murray Valley vmc-yaru, tour miios norm m Albury : 2. Mr. Adams's ^the Sui-veyor-Geni'-ral'. or '? Attamosali' (here pel a taste; ; 3, Mr. Edwaru Singer's at Corowa : i. Mr. David Reid's, at Moor watha. Howlong. The first- mentioned valuable properly was pur chased Ly Mr. Fallon, three years ago, fur £2300, _on the dissolution of the company. It consists of 040 acres of good land, fenced— i 10 am-s of which arc planted with vines, 25 acres in full hearing, and 50 acres more to Lear in two years. The kinds now in bearing are Muscat*;}. Sliiraz, and Keislinc-._ Thr ground planted is a hill of read loam, full of sharp quartz grit, and in places block? of quartz arc found at and near the surface ; one block proving cf such a size as to bo immovable was chipped off to the depth required by the subsoil plough, and left in the prouud. The manager s hoiis?. the pi-pss-honse and collar, are at the top of the hill, and from the plantation? slope gently away on every side, on a soil that varies fruru two tool sis to ten feet deep. The wine I tasttd here was Keeling (two years') and Mixed Ked (one year;, and like most wine from ilr. Fallon's cellars, of superior quality. The second vineyard on the list is eitualed seven miles out of Albury, on the Gerop-'Ty Road ti 'Wag-ga— Attamogah ;by inter pretation, '-Her.; have a'tas!e'; is the appropriate name of this 'pride of the vineyards,' and whether you taste the crapes or I ho wine, In All are, to ray fancy, unrivalled in t!i' district. Let any man take an agreeable stroll of twenty miles in this dust tormented district, with llius in his eyes and ears, grit in his teeth, dust in hie nostrils, sand in his hair, and perspiration everywhere, then stand before one of Mr. Adnms'e vine-pictures in all their fruitful beauty, and decline, if he can, the never failing request, ' Uave a bunch of grapes r' JJv courtesy cf Mr. Beat, the manager in charge cftlii- vin.'vard, we learn that it contains a greater variety of rh.oii.-i; vines than any other I was favoured with an iuapeciiun of. They are— Marsala, Bur gundy. Reining, Muscatel, Verdiilho, White S-himz, Carignan, Mataro, Carbenet, and ^auvignan. The grapes l'-.'k unusually full and abundant, net having suffered from such a ruthless pruning as seems to have reduced tho plants in many smaller vineyards ' tu skeletons, with their dead liavui strewn oil the | ground. A splendid white Shir.i/.. with its pendent ( clusters, forms the entrance porch to the cellar, a cjL'jl, well- proportioned and W'tll-ven'.iluti-d i,i.:i 1 ins, holding 15,000 gallons. The casks, whicli are ofrirst-class Melbourne cooperage, contain from COO gallons downwards, and the cooperage, ex. Ciirriage, was at the rate of Sd. a giUlon. There are two presses ; one on the primitive screw lever plan, and one by adjusting hardwood rollers on a principle of the proprietor1!! working out. The two year tild white Shiraz and a red wine I tasted were superior to anything f had the opportunity of judg ing in the district. The bill soil is, as usual, a red loam with stones ; the flats a white sandy soil. There is a reservoir of four acres constructed for household purposes ; the vineyard contains tweuty twu acres, twelve of wliich tire in ljcarins. Corowa is, aE all the world knows, wi'.li tho exception of a few North Aincrii-an Indian;, and some benighted Laps in the north of Europe, a town of New South Wales, on the Kiwi Murray, forty miles below Albury, and two mile's before' reaching it stand Mr. Edward Hanger's residence and vineyard. The proprietor was going to CorowR, having met with an accident, nnd rff'Trod me to his second in command, who would give me every information. This vineyard is upwards of thirty acres in exli-ut nnd is planted with Muscatel fcfhiruz (nine- acres1, (iouais [foui1 acres), A'crdcilho (three acres), Tokay (three acres), Baxter Sherry or Pedro.Xiiuunc:! (three acres), Acarout (half acre). It lias a calcareous soil and a southern aspect, and along the lower and more level ground run six acres of orchard, contain ing the healthiest and finest fruit trees I have yot seen in tho colony, skilfully primed, with open centres and mdiating branches, curving upwards like frames for seats or nests. The markets for suuh fruit are iJoechworth, Uniltern, and tA Dorado. Among the casks, which hold from three to '-00 gallons, is an elliptical one, which has the advantage of containing a large quantity in small breadth, gaining in height what it gives in width. There are also two large well made vats, an ordinary boiler and steam boiler — steam being applied at the bimghole by a curved half-inch iron pipe, fixed under the stand ; this of course is for softening incrustations on the casks. All large casks are furnished with man-holes nine inches wide, for men to enter for cleaning purposes, the panel being ledged and screwed up afterwards. Heru, also, is a copper still, complete, for converting lees iulo brandy about fifty of the one making ten of tho other. The last, but not least, being the largest but one in the district, and the largest, with no exception, in full bearing, is Mr. David Keid's, at Moorwallia, seven miles from Howlong. It was dark when I got here ; but Mr. lteid, in the most hospitable manner, invited me to stay tie night and sees tho vineyard in the morning, promising to send the buggy with me into llowlong afterwards. After a pleasant evening, spent 'much to my advuntagc' as regards topo graphical and historic 1 information, we retired, and tie next morning I \\...,k a walk round the vineyard before breakfast. This property consists of 1400 acres of fenced land, 200 acres of wliii h are midcr corn and grasses, and 50 acres under vinus in full bearing. Of these, 20 acres aru under Shiraz, 3 under Carhenet, i- under Muscatel, 4 under Malbcc, !) under Vcidcilho, and 3 acres under lieislimj. These vary in a remarkable niamier ns to their bearing qualities, as tin; following table will show, being the estimated yields of the several kinds mentioned, of course, in the local soil, which is a calcareous loam of an average depth of IS inches and mixed with iron stone: — Kliiraz .. avg. 220 gall, to t lie a. 10 lbs. to t!:egall. G ft. apart Muscatel ,, MO Vupldlho „ 17.5 Carbenet ,, 200 , (a mo't valuable vine) Kehling.. ,, 210 „ ,. ' ? Malliec .. ,, M0 17OJ-^G = 2S4 gallwis to the acre, average yield of these .six varieties ; ami regard ing some of tln;ir characteristics, Slu'raz, which appears to he looked upon as the most valuable anj universal viuc in the vineyard, thrives in strong ground and is very haply, standing heat and drought well. Tin's vine was imported from Persia into Ihe region of Valence, south past of France, I think, bv liic Romans, anil the wiim maile from the l'r. nch variety is Hermitage. Muscatel is a kuavv b.:uer, thick in the skin, and, like Shiray, thrives in a strong soil, while Yerdeilho is a shy bearer and prefers a luht soil. This wine is mu.-li um.i1 fur ?? mixing.' l!- i.-ling is a white variety in universal favour, and i;.,nais is. a brandy grape, heai-in? prolihVallv in while clnstTf. As :i general nil,- we nriy s;iy blai-k grapes for strong soils, and white grapes i'.i'r light Thi- vineyurd was planted M-wn j i .us a'-.i and Ih-J \i-Ll Iliis season would havi: bun ujAvards of 2o,UOU 4a)l.)LS ol must, but for the present severe drought, whicli will reJuer it u- about i:(,«0u. It is 1 .id out on a rh.nuboiilal plan, admitting the pl.imih in lhr.- di(T. rent 'lircftions. It is ploughed ..mejiil '(??.??.'?...Ithiieea y. ir ; an.l.'Very Ihiid y.-.ir pl..u.!;i.i'l Iw.i.-e ; the stulies are troublesome, re.piiiing Cuust'int .-.'.tention and resetting; the only remedy seems . '?..'.r. in; and driving well down from two to three i e: according K- the soil. Beside the two vineyards above namel, in the immediate neighbourhood of Albury there are Messrs. Shubach's (the oldest in the district) ; Phillipis, a gentleman to whom I am much indebted for valuable hints and information, and who takes an enlightened and com prehensive view of this branch of colonial industry, storing his knowledge — got alike from failure and success — until he has attained to the manufacture of i capital wine. These and a host of smaller ones :luster round Albury, and are annually increasing, for vineyards pay better than wheat-fields. Iu the neighbourhood of Corowa, after Mr. San iier come Messrs. Forgeur with 25 acres, Ford wilh 12 acres. Brown Ero'.hers with U acres, Magennis with 10 acres, Whitehead with 7 acres. Bow with 5 acres, and several ones, twos, and threes. At How long there are three beside Mr. Keid's ; altogether there cannot be less than 450 acres under vines on this side the river, and if we cross over to Vah irmiyah, we find them equally thick about Brown's Plains, Mr. Graham leading off with 50 acres, Mr. lianthorp with 20 acres, Lindsay Brown with S acres, a German with 9 acres, and so on. I will not presume to speak authoritatively on a subjuct that involves so many subtle problems that those- who have worked at it many years scarcely seem to have learnt the alphabet of; but, looking at it from a conuuon-sense point of view, one cannot help being struck with the amount there is to learn in the science of grape cultivation and wine-making before success can be calculated on with anything like certainty in this uncertain climate. The ex perience and traditions of Europe are almost value less here, and in many instances positively mis chievous and obstructive ; for a blind adherence to what works well in a moist and comparatively cool climate like the Rhine may lead to not hing but re peated failure and vexation when applied in tho scorching winds, the roasting sun, and powerful oxynen of an Australian air and climate. h would be by no means difficult to demonstrate that there are as many problems to solve witn regard to this question as there are characters in the Chinese v.ritteu language. Ie the adaptability of various vines to various soil ; in the action of oxygen in the formation of tarturic acid and lanuie ucid ; iu the jjruwih of starch and transition to saccharine under solar heat ; then the action and counter-action of all these components ; and the action and counter-action »f the antidotes to be applied when the manufacture has gone wrong ; and instead of wholesome spark ling wine, we have produced a sour sick vinegar. I say those problems would, if calculated, amount to tens of thousands, and therefore all honour to tho few who are patiently, perseveringly, and expensively working out wine of these problems nt their own risk and cost. For it cannot be denied cither that such wine as you taste in Mr. Fallon's, 1U-. Adams's, or Mr. l'hiliippi's cellar, is all that is usually [claimed for colonial wine, — wholesome, pleasant, and much to be desired ; or on the other, that such stuff as is retailed in Melbourne at sixpence a tumbler is altogether unwholesome, very unpleasant, and seldom desired a second time. What else can bo expected ': If wine, fit to drink in nine shillings a gallon in Albury, how can it bo retailed in Melbourne at sixpence a tumbler ? The public demand for cheap wine has been met by a cheap substitute for wholesome wine, which has had the effect of turning the public taste back upon alcohol and ale. This will eventually prove o!' im mense' service to the wine trade, for the manufac ture of inferior wine will gradually eease, and those who now attempt to make wine will hand over their must, ani ultimately their grapes, to those who can -lake it, and the bad article will almost disappear from tho market. AVagga Wagga, March 12. 