I THE INFALLIBILITY DOGMA. The following extracts show the views which some of the English leading Protestant newspapers take of the opportuneness of defining the dogma of Papal Infallibility. Assuming as correct the supposition of the Roman Catholic Church that the dogma is a portion of the deposit of revelation, they differ from Dr. Newman, who believes in the infallibility, but thinks the present an inopportune time for defining it, though like Dupanloup, he is prepared to bow to the decision of the Council with unfaltering faith. The Pall Mall Gazette of April 8th writes thus ; When we endeavour to appreciate Dr. New- man's logical attitude we confess that we are more struck by the ingenuity than by the cogency of the argument. We seem to be constantly in danger of a downright inconsistency, although the characteristic skill of the writer enables him to steer a course through the dangers which threaten him on all sides. . . . When a man talks about an insolent faction who are threatening to " make the heart of the just sad," we might fancy that the danger anticipated was that of the promulgation of a false opinion. Writers of the James" school seen in fact to be committed to such an assertion. . . . And why, after all, should Dr. Newman feel any anxiety 1 If the Pope is not infallible, an in- fallible, Council will of course not declare him to be so. There is no danger whatever of the pro- mulgation of an erroneous opinion. If, on the other hand, the Pope is infallible, why should Dr. Newman be so desirous that this important truth should be concealed ! It is difficult to speak with due reverence on such matters, but we must say he almost seems to fear that the aggressive insolent faction may induce the Almighty to make a premature and indiscreet revelation of the truth. Why should he not rather assume that if the revelation is made it will be made because the time is ripe for it 1 If the Ultramontane doctrine is sound, it is impossible to conceive a more important truth than that which they are anxious to promulgate. Here is a single human being who can pronounce with an authority from which there is no appeal upon all topics which mankind have discussed for centuries. Not only so, but he has actually declared that many of the most essential results of modern thought are utterly false and of immoral tendency. If, then, his authority be well founded, it is not only an important fact, but one of the most important facts that can possibly be known to other human beings. If we knew that anybody had infallible authority in matters of political or natural science, should we not hasten to pro- claim it as widely and speedily as possible ? Then why not in theological matters ). The reasons alleged by Dr. Newman seem to be first, that this most vital of all truths is apparently (of course only apparently in conflict with historical evidence to which we can only say that it is singular that this central truth should be wanting in the chief characteristic of all other true propositions namely, that they tend to fall in with and to confirmations previous knowledge, and to make evidence for themselves by their obvious harmony with former induc- tions, and the light which they cast upon them and secondly, that as a natural consequence it will scandalize a great many weak-minded Catholics and persons who are now tending towards the true Church. That is, apparently, that people are to be encouraged to submit to a despotic spiritual authority by a careful abstinence from revealing its true nature though most Catholics do, it seems, already understand it "practically, nottosaydootrinally." The argument, we repeat, may be good for those who already agree with Dr. Newman ; but it is hard to see how either an honest Ultra- montane or a promising subject for conversion will be influenced by the the avowal of so able and sincere a teacher that a truth of unspeakable importance should be concealed for fear of start- I ling the weaker brethren. i If it is God's will that the Pope's infallibility is defined, then is it God's will to throw back the " times and moments of that triumph which He has destined for His kingdom. How does Dr. Newman know that if the doctrine is true, and it is God's will to make it known, may it not be, as we have suggested, that it is because God knows that it will be accepted more readily than Dr. Newman supposes ยก When once we shrink, upon any grounds whatever, from what we know to be true, and instead of it pro- claim what we expect to be believed, we are enter- ing a dangerous way. Even he succeeds at the price of assuming that the declaration of the truth is a question rather of policy than of plain duty, and therefore of denouncing men and asserting what they honestly believe not on the ground that their assertion is false but that it is inconvenient. His indignation is vigorous and honest ; but the reasons which he gives for it are unnaturally refined ; the position in which he is placed cramps his argument, and forces him into appeals which, give his opponents a certain appearance of moral superiority. The man who says, " This is eternally true, and I will assert it as loudly as I can," has an advantage over one who replies, " It may very likely be true, and will be true if certain persons assert it, but I think on the whole you had better be silent." The Standard, representing a totally different class-English Protestant Conservatism-de- poses as follows: We fear there will be little difference of opinion as to the probability of the position maintained by the reverend writer and no respect for his high attainments and lofty character need with- hold us from expressing the conviction that an exceeding scrupulosity and tenderness of conscience have made him strive after, and cling to a middle term, which is flagrantly illogical. What few comments we have heard and road in Roman Catholic Ultramontane quarters have been temperate ; but we are bound to add that the reasoning employed by them seems conclusive against Dr. Newman. No grammar of assent, even when perfected, will, in the long run, make people " defend to their private judgment what may be most difficult the text ought to run, what it is utterly impossible to maintain logically in the face of historical facts." The future historian of the Council will surely record with regret that the most influential Roman Catholic of the time forbore from giving definite assistance to either contending camp, thereby perhaps turning the scale in favour of the one whose victory, he has confessed, " will throw back the times and moments of the triumph which He has destined for His kingdom." . By way of a sample of the provincial papers we may take the business-like Manchester Examiner of April 9th: We may well feel the sincerest sympathy with this accomplished and saintly man without be- ing blind to the inconsistencies of his reasoning or the logical absurdity of his position. It is a part of his case that Catholics " practically, not to say doctrinally, hold the Holy Father to be infallible," but if infallibility is always recognised as a fact, it is surely a most natural and harmless proceeding to elevate the fact into a doctrine by stating and defining it. The only reasonable objection we can imagine to taking such a step would be the existence of doubts as to the foot itself ; but Dr. Newman expressly says " we have no doubt so that the only conceivable objection is disposed of. The great question is, whether the doctrine is true or false. If it is false, an infallible Council will certainly never proclaim it as true ; if it is true, the sooner it is proclaimed the better. The difference between Dr. Newman and the aggressive insolent faction of which he speaks seems to be simply this both alike hold the Holy Father to be infallible but he shrinks from stating in so many words what it is he holds, while they are anxious to define it explicitly : he would prefer keeping the belief to himself as a luxury of devotion," while they are for publishing it from the house- tops so that all the world may hour. It is need- less to say to which side the palm of thorough- ness, honesty, and courage must be awarded. Dr. Newman regards the doctrine of tho Pope's infallibility as true, but inconvenient ; the insolent faction" protests with enthusiasm that there are no inconvenient truths, that truth is never out of season, that as soon as it is to be proclaimed, defended, and obeyed, and on this point (we are on the side of the " insolent fac- tion." From this point it is not far to a belief in contradictions. But, in any case, Dr. Now man ought to have no possible ground for complaint. He believes in the infallibility of (Ecumenical Councils ; surely that belief is a comprehensive safeguard against all error and all inconvenient truths. If six hundred men, collectively infallible, decide both that one of their number is himself infallible, and that the state of the world renders it necessary to pro- claim his infallibility, how is it possible for any one who believes in their collective infallibility to suggest, either before or after, a doubt as to the validity of their conclusions I What is the use of infallibility if not to set at rose all uneasiness and all doubts and an infallible Council is just as good for that purpose as an infallible Pope But while admitting the gravity of the sense Sutnces, we can discern no logical refuge for Dr. Bowman. The idea of invoking the intercession of S, Augustine against this decision of the Council can only be compared to the crime of Lucifer in waging war in Heaven. The whole theory rests on the assumption that the Council is under the infallible guidance of the Holy Ghost ; is, so to speak, His earthly alter ego and under such circumstances, the adverse intercession of a group of beautified doctors would seem to partake of a character which we dare not name. To these may be added the judgment of the people's wide-spread half-penny paper, the Echo. These are its comments : _ The line taken by Dr. Newman is that a definition of an article of faith is unnecessary except in answer to a heresy, and that such a necessity does not exist in the case of Papal Infallibility, i We incline to think that what is called Liberal j Catholicism is sufficiently dangerous to the fabric i of Papal supremacy to justify the present plans of the Vatican ; but we sympathise with Dr. Newman. 