A Sl-MMF.R TIHI- TO TASMANIA. (Uy .KjIl-s, in the Mclbouinc Age.) Ten years of the hottem side of Collins street— ten years of business, a bulllc iu a feverish aud exciting occupation, with scarcely a break or interval of rest — prcdis- lioscd me for a few weeks' holiday. Ten years uf life iu Melbourne implies more Hum a decade s wear and lear in duller and easier-going cummuuilles ; and thus il mis wilh sonielhlHg like the ardour cif younger days 1 turned my bai'k for a fevy weeks upon the sweltering January heal, H|C blinking dust, uul the streotyped complaints of b.td liy s..'a, of couru'. Tlie landsman ever for getful of heave aud roll, of throbbing screw and thrashing wave, slill turns lungiuglv to blue water and tbe fresh breezes which' rip ple and roughen ila surface, to blow off the accumulated cobn.lis uf n routine ' life ashore. In ordinal y weather tin1' home 011 the rolling deep, as' experienced between' U'illiniiHInwi, and QnwiisMifT, 'Is enjoyable enough. The knowing-looking young fel lows, with tbe yachtsman liuts.'arc doing nautical tilk in the interval of cigar whiffs mi Hie bridge. The passengers 'gencrallr, like genuine chips of till- Anglo Kaxo.1 Muck, flower mistrustfully at eacn otli !r, as they l.avii't bean foinisily introduced. Unlike name stcamhnat inanagcmeuls, woll-f umished uiiinor-uiblos an board (be Tusnianian steamer are provided, whilst we arc still in smooth water. Itnnning along merrily ivith a gentle breeze, and a varving pano rama of wooded hills on the left, we adjourn 10 dinner «« matit. We sit down to thai ap petlto-satlsf ying meal some 6fty-«oven strong. In three brief hours the steward's boU as sembled for lea a poor half-dozen ! Where are the rest of us V Where arc the ynclit tnon who paid such vigorous attention to the cold sirloin — where can have ooncealod iltfm t-elres tliosc bold quaffers of. hint noakors oE Hummer cUwt whos« dlROstion - had curiounly agarded? Not on dock ore they to ija touuO. Alas 1'can Uiosc sounds of InarHcu f»tc distress represent all that we diatl la^ow of bur nautical passcn«cni for (lie next four nnd twii\iy, houta'! Sufferers, 1 'sympathise with you. 1 fool deeply fop you, prompted by that follow (soling which luakes 1I10.WU0I0 world kin. like yaursolvcs, thai treach erous hfiaro and plunge which cuphistic maruuneall ' tho rip'— that watery Cerbe rus which relentlessly guards the gates ajar of the great Victorian harbor-^has Droved a warning to myself. Ikudent were those' wide-ai»»kqg)rJ5Tiho relrdaHd M tliosc se cret and -probably rose-leaf bowers which rrovjdan.os,andtfp ctnupauy, Ivtd iiKrtiSod 'PWrWiUmwbllsl we nen Mill la s.oioaHt watap. They deprived Uujmselres of the hut view of Ihose silent one-eyed sen tinels, rising, (all, white, ghost-like above the ml Unit1, uf (jiiiviisclitr. I lanes ill, ?,,?!!, 'II- lleoueshii'l erussed Ili.-s1 Sirnli. ofiener Ihau lbeu.vner- nf Ibe seainalllike hut., nlld were diHiTcc''. enough tube ana re thai human na ture never luoks h, uninteresting as »leu lhe»ca-giKl coinpel, all unwilling saiTili.-e. I think inaiikJiid never pre.enl., 11 lini-ouulily vulslvely lu lhol|ec''niil(havhig V-eii oplei'-'d fruiu Hie wiatlter aide). TUore is siiuu'iliiuv panicularly iincauuy looking iu those cn-.t lumps and pitb of wulcr, wbicli move like nu tell To wluit dizzy hciBlil Hie next ivat.-r'y le vr will Inisl yuiir ship— int.i what pit of inky liquid iiniav hurl hei hendloug. A ili-uml iiasseiiger'clulc- liiiig wildly ul a he laying-|iiu reminds his nelglilwur tli.it a ynuil,' lady was washed frum Hie deck of the Jll.i.'k Swan al this particular s[,.,t. However, we pass through our Vieuiriau hell-g.ue uifely, as have tboiisululs of ships llcfure, und ere long we have Ilie I'ulpil Roek aud Ihe light on Cm,, Schank nltuost ali,rn.i. With 11 favoring breeze gradually the lie/In dips down, mid we lose for u lime our lu*l huidtnurk of home. Within Iwvlily lluurs of Ihe guccn's Wharf. Mellinuiue.'we ure close 10 the seu-moiilli of the Tainar. Aud a very welcome sight is land I,, the iiuarrus val uf Milt water. In a fen .uiiiiilis »-? are Hiroiightheenlruiiee Ufa nulile tidal riter. with sumo funy miles of inland navigation licfore us. 1 'may us well confess that the won Ul* nl u-i ivt PXflmiifiius uvun our ^-m*ii- cally umned Vurru Vain, fur the broad and almost majestic Taimir. Again and again tlic hanks recede into bay after lay— Hie hills rich wilh foliage, uiid tlic oecasi,,nal champaign lands now yellowed with ripening grain. There are, of course, tome clement* uf Varra navigation of which it would grieve Hie practical mind lo be hereft. As a busi ness eotiiuiuiiily it would, nu duuhi lie very terrible 10 lose those budding industries which thrive aud multiply upon the river bank in n remarkably unpleasant atmosphere of repulsive odurs. Hut the assault upon the nostrils of people who give no thought to political economy is somethings,! uiiiinrulelled Hint it is really worth Hie coiisidemtinn of the owners of pxseng.-r ai aimers., whether they ought not to receive and discharge. piuscngei-R al some of the Hay piers instead of running so revolting a gaunllel. 1 am forgetting- tltal it is of Ihe Tamar I wuuld say nuiuelhing, and not of tlic rurra. Tho picturesque bends nnd sweeps of ihe Taiuur suggest tlic IIudsnn-l!ic similitude h,in-/.,,r course, iu miniature. Near Launccsiou there exists a natural barrier tu uaviguliuii except at faro able periuls of tide. There ar, hours of every day when the little steamers whieh bridge Hie Slruils cuiinol |iass Him liar ' Why don't they lake some nimble lo re move the obstacle 1' I inquired. -Mv dear Sir,' replied Captain ? , ?' ili.-y lake nothing — hut the dues.' Al length ive are ashon?, Ihe people most dilapidated by s,a siekness having freshened up ivondeifullv iu costume and complexion, ivliilst lie hive lii-eii d.,in, Ihe ,anal-lnal business up ih river, and being warped round the -harp Inilil which l.iuls 1,1 the Mcaiu-buut wharf The pier is crowd.sl. fur the hvweekly arii vul of the Melbourne steamer ' is ,111 even! l,m 'ensalionul lo Ik nc^licte 1 by Ilie guml ]i,,.|,l, hauSMius, but several jinnies of Mclhuiiru' f.islii ? and 11 genuine S:irkvillr-»fr«-( ilii.!, ear. with a .?orre«]i,iu.1in1.|y i.ali.iual dri.er. Si,., illy the l.:iulleeslJll In. Ills have over H.iwed. ami a pin ion of 1I1.1 li.ir arrivuMiave to I111111 uj. lot-in-, wlicre lli,-v am. T|,-- ?trui^er caii hardly b.'lp 1,1-in.' slrui-k will. 111.- lack of ..ul.-rpfis ? .„,..! II,, ..l..,,, ,,|,,, .aierfur Hk- h.rlily wauls of Iravell.-rs Wiihuul ,1,-siriii- 1,, dtrry the uuiililr uf hol.-l V ? ud.iliou, it d.ies s,,,n remark ilblu llul Hie l/iuui-sluii )l.,lel- ,,,e full for iilnnit four and iw.-nty hours after Ihu Meanii'i- uiriies, auj ur,. iti.-u nlniosl emptr ? ila fresh l.al.-h ,,l ariivuls give Ilium auolher four uud iweilly hours supply of sb iri-slayluc ineiih-niaU. Nin, ,„„ uf ,,„ ul ihe i,«ivi-u w1r- Un I ill l.-inn,i.sl,.i- nuk, II hasty wamprriug visit lo c,,fra Linn. Ibe l-on,li l|,,iyl. mid Hie Catarail und go ,,11 With ll,, sliorlesl possible ckluy. tu llobirl' Town, whl,b, wilh it, surruuudiiigs.iuoii'iT,,, lises 111,- great.-.- pin of Iheir lime, laid brnr. fll, largely by ihe.intlay of visii,,,-.. x,,,v wilhoul decrying Ihe natural Ikmuiv nf ibe Derwcnl, the pielures.|iie si n f ,n of II,,. lurt Town, with its always grand b.irk k'niuiidnf M ? 11 W.-llinglu'ii, I tl.ink Ihat ilie niHJ.irity uf visitors to Ts.marda i«i»\ an inlioily of h'aiiu- in ll|, i.)uulrv ub.ut'Luiliice-l.ji. 'In (umicr years 1 mad, s.i.me stay in lilt- sij'iHiem o:lpilal, ail.t upon lllis giwisi,jn I uoilinicd Hie ojipnriunilv uf ^xz^zsx ^???ra'nu: uf the northern city. l^iiMeestuii strikes the iVhed', I hm-lld 'no 'do''!.'' lu'V,'l'v l''J Tl'le [lublie buildings an I li,(,i-,.s ;ll,. olln|llet,. a ? wve ll'i l-lank gable's letl u|l,m which i.i palel, n,-w wings when busim-ss eipandi-. Iherefore they finish' tileir ''''I'lublie ffln-'H ,mi ehureliis 0111 nf ba'id.u read an iiini-riptiuiidun-.l lejj i,|,,in a ?in.-iiin- rial marble iu a Lautiecstuu eli.in-.li. The charm uf Uuiicouui is Ihat ll is llinroiiulv K»gli,b in appearance. ^^ou miglil (uneV yuurself iu any one ur fifty f,uir-h- rate Hiii i«h market l.,v,us. A.der tl... harsh iuwiimw of upstart M.ilh- iiiiiie, then- is a mature mel lufMiuss, Boniel lines dashed iviib mildew which a(f irds just the kind u{ contrast a vi sitor needs. A well-built little l.iwu is Uuneeslon ttrt* al;ue wlmidiu Ki-atllug ill a saucer-like hulloiv, from tin.- surrounding heights there are umplu o|.ponunKie.s uf ? joying it, quid, ejintfortalJo-laokiilK sl.nl guhn.well-lu-.lu appearance. If il. l», .leepj llullu*, J» nil Iliat ;n«t «lrtt tlie wanderer from tho blixy ivorkshop wnuts t I'coiile growl al Ihe dulness after dying from its di rect opposite. Abjul thetonn, itssurround ingn, and possible future, I have a good. Uuu! to sav which I must postpone, fur uuutlicr week. 