THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 19, 1870. Mit. JOHN BRIGHT, the great English Com- moner, has fallen upon evil days. Little could he have been dreamt in the good old times, when the Rochdale manufacturer, the most eloquent of the expounders of a commercial policy the avowed object of which was to give at once cheap bread and remunerative labor to the poor ; the man who swayed thousands of auditors by the witchery of his oratory ; would so far have fallen from his high estate as to forfeit the con- fidence, not indeed of the class to which in society he belonged-for he was one of the manufacturing millionaires of the North of England-but of that far greater class on whose support his political influence in his best days depended. It was he who, at the Free Trade Hall and Covent Garden Theatre, more moved their passions than any other orator of his time -gifted by Nature, not only with a strong and astute intellect, but with the power of dramatic expression, the fervour of imagination, and the grand art of establishing accord botween him- self and his auditory, which all belong to the elements and conditions of success in a great orator. It was felt that a great popular triumph lind been achieved when he entered the House of Commons ; and those who had the opportunity of listening to his first speech after that notable event, will not easily let the impression he effaced, of the enor- mous influence which one highly gifted man can exercise, under the inspiration of special circumstances, over a people so little impression- able as the English have the reputation of being. JOHN BRIGHT'S present fall from his high estate, is suggestive of many thoughts that deserve a place, whilst the settlement of politicel forces and institutions and relations, is still an opon ques- tion. Many men have risen from the people's ranks, and attained the places of highest emi- nence in the State. But after the momentary feeling of popular exultation has passed, do the people begin to regard these men as no longer belonging to themselves, because of their pro- motion ; as having gone over into a sort of enemy's camp ; and by their association with the Government of the Country, allid them- selves with a system of corruption, which it had always before been a main article of the popular creed, that it only needed the accession to office of honest men from amongst the people's ranks to put a final end to i It must be said that the unpopularity which has followed Mr. BRIGHT since the official and royal recognition of his great talents, can hardly fail to have an influence deterring from, rather than stimulating men of the people to seek positions of real political power. But the justification for such a diminu- tion of public confidence ; for the growth of such a feeling of public suspicion ; is not always imaginary - and in the case of Mr. BRIGHT it seems to have had something like substance for its foundation. He chose the occasion-no one can deny him the virtue of moral courage, and some wit once said that in making him a Quaker, Nature had spoilt a good prize-fighter-of meeting his democratic con- stituents at Birmingham, to propound the doctrine that " working men were not always desirable as representatives,"' simply " because they were working men !" It may be appre- hended he meant-it should fairly be supposed that he explained his meaning to be-that representatives in Parliament needed to be men, of knowledge of affairs greater than could be supposed to bo possessed by those engaged in earning their livelihood by mechanical pursuits, and of better opportunities of rendering a leisure service than the necessities of daily labor afforded. But if that were said frankly to any body of English artizans, wo have much too high an opinion of them than to believe that it would give them . 'great offence. " Mr. BRIGHT'S words must have been such as to carry a more cutting sting with them. Something of annoyance of tone : something of contemptuous allusion to the rungs of the ladder by which he had mounted : there must have been, to jar upon the feelings of these Birmingham working men. The PRESIDENT of tho BOARD of TRADE has al- ways been notable, not only for the pugnacity of character which we have noted, but for an air of superiority and somewhat of intolerance or rather impatience of control-which, had he been the Knight of Netherby, or the Lord of Knowlesly might have made him as proud a patrician as ever was DERBY or GRAHAM. However, here is the historical fact before us. JOHN BRIGHT has bocome a Cabinet Minister, and kissed hands with the QUEEN ; he reigns supreme in certain offices in Downing street, whose fashionable denizens, ruled over by many masters, never thought till those latter days of having to pay obedience to a Quaker cotton-spinner, and he has lost caste, and is in disgrace with tho great order of which he was once the popular tribune ! Apart from these popular confidences, in which the PRESIDENT of the BOARD of TRADE has chiefly figured, Ministers have been engaged with many weighty concerns in their offices in Downing-street, and in their Cabinet Councils. The latest phases of the "Colonial question," we intend for the immediate occasion to hold in reserve. To this question belong more or less directly the emigration movement, now being promoted by a remarkable liberality on the part of some persons who are anxious to get rid of a part of the English mid Irish population ; the discussion as to the mail routes to Australia, &c;, &c.; Another advance, although a slight one, has been made in the addition to the Home Civil-service of a Colonial official. Mr. HERBERT hold a high public office in an Australian Colony, in which existed all the forms of the constitutional system. Mr. HERBERT was Prime Minister of Queensland-and Mr. HERBERT, has been pro- moted to be Assistant Under-Secretary to the Colonial Office ! The English have borne always the reputation, of being an eminently practical people. Whilst America has gone ahead with great schemes, and the States of Europe have been occupied in a task which has proved one most hard to be mastered by them-that of regulating on a sound basis their own internal life-our countrymen at home have dealt with, and solved successfully, nearly all the questions that concern their domestic organism. The Education question-the common est home question of a household- has proved the grand exception. And at this moment, it is what Ire- land once was-the " great difficulty" of states- manship. Three schemes are before the public, all of a novel character. The one under the auspices of the Government, renews many of the features which were before found to be so repug- nant to the sense of a large proportion of the population of England. It provides for a com- pulsory local taxation, for the maintenance of schools under Government inspection and super- vision. The bill has not yet reached the stage at which the great struggle on it will take place-the second reading in the House of Com- mons. This was fixed for a day in last week so that the result will be long in coming to us. If the measure should be accepted by the nation, it may be hoped that one of the most irritating of the political and domestic questions which have diverted the attention of England for many years from other matters of practical im- portance, will have ceased from the roll of debate- able topics. The principle seems a somewhat anomalous one, of so dividing the country into educational districts, as to aid with public grants those that fail to provide for their own necessi- ties-and to throw over without any assistance whatever, those which have public spirit and liberality enough to make sufficient"provision for themselves. The call for public educational grants made out of the taxes levied upon the people, is one which scarcely redounds under any circumstances to the credit of a country distin- guished for its liberality, and its municipal in- stincts-that should make evory town and village provide for the supply of its own local wants. It is one we find some difficulty in reconciling with the strong disposition the English people have always shown, not to let Government pre- sume to attempt to do anything for them which they aro well able to do for themselves. We have already dealt in anticipation with many of the topics covered by our present fileB, and shall have occasion to recur to them. Like all other budgets of news from the old world, there are salient features in this which call for first notice ; but many of the lesser items have their own interest, and call for their own share of comment. # LETTERS FOB ENGLAND.-Mails for England via Brindisi, as; our readers are aware, have been for some time made up at the Post Office here, as well as via Marseilles and Southampton. We now leam that the mails from Hobart Town of the 4th December were delivered in London via Brindisi on Saturday, 22nd January, while those via Marseilles were not delivered till Monday, the 24th, the Brindisi route having had the ad- vantage of two days over that by Marseilles. PEMBROKE ELECTION.-The polling for a Member to represent the electoral district of Pembroke will take place on Monday, com- mencing at nine a.m. and closing at four p.m. The principal polling place is at the Court House, Sorell, the other places where the poll will be taken are Publie Buildings, Hobart Town, Cascades, Tasman's Peninsula, Campbell Town, Buckland, Triabunna, Swansea, Glen Gala, and Bicheno. FATAL ACCIDBVT.-On Thursday afternoon a melancholy accident happened on the Broad- marsh road, by which Mr. Charles Hall, of Peckham Vale, near Hamilton, was instantly deprived of his life. The deceased was on his way home from the sale of the Rev. Mr. Ball's effects, along with some neighbours. They had got within three miles of_Mr. Tonks' Hotel, and were unfortunately racing, when Mr. Hall was jostled and thrown.from his horse against a fence with such violence that his injuries were of a most extensive and severe description, de- priving him instantly of life. Several attempts were unsuccessfully made before medical aid was obtained, but no skill could have been of any avail. Mr. Finlay, the district coroner, hap- pened to come up soon after, and had the body conveyed to Mr. Wood's Hotel, Bridgewater, where an inquest was held yesterday. In such a case there could be but one verdict, that of accidental death. A SAD PHASE IN DOMESTIC LIFE.-A case, which should have caused any discontented mortal who happened to visit the Police Court to think a little better of his lot, and less inclined to be continually finding fault, was heard by the Stipendiary Magistrate yesterday forenoon. An interesting looking girl, about thirteen years of agu, was brought before tho Bondi by her parents, with the view of getting an order made for lier admission into the Female Reformatory, alleging os a reason for the request being preferred, inability to support or control her, It was elicited from answers gi von.to several questions asked by the Bench Clerk, that the girl, one of a family of six children, was of a rather wild disposition j aud the mother having h'er other children to attend to, could not pay that attention to her necessary to prevent her from " going to the bad." The father appeared in Court, aud said that he was a carter, employed at the munificent salary of 20s. per week, to provide meat and drink, the wherewithal to clothe and house himself, wife, and six children. BURGLARY.-Mention was mode in yesterday's Mercury of the committal of a burglary on Thursday night, at a small shop in Murray-street, kept by a person named Briggs. From enquiries subsequently made we find that only three pairs of ladies' kid boots were Btolen, although there was a trunk of the same goods in the room from which the three pairs were abstracted. Entrance must have been eiTccted by opening the front door with a false key, for at ten o'clock in the evening it was found ajar without having boen forced. There are evident signs that the nightly visitorawere not altogether unacquainted with the interior of the building ; and it is to be hoped that the police will soon be able to sheet home the crime to the guilty parties. SNAKE BITE.-Eau de luce has boen success- fully employed in the cure of the bite of the cobra di capella in various stages of the patient's sufferings, which place tho officacy of that remedy beyond all doubt when properly ad- ministered at} an early,period after the bite. The late Mr. John Trancholl, of Belligam, cured two Singalese, natives of that hamlet, after having been some time in strong convulsions (one of thom a woman, who30 speech had entirely left her, and who foamed at tho mouth iu a droadf ul manner), by dropping and rubbing into the punctures made by the snake's fangs a mixture of nitric and muriatic acid, and giving thom each 50 drops ,of eau de luce in a little water. Tliey recovered in a few hours. WESLEY AN- CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.-The usual weekly mooting of members was held last evening at the Wesloyan School Boom, Melville street, when visitors woro invited to hear a lec- ture by the' Rov. J. Storio,1 of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, the subject being " Some characteristic novelties in the doctrine of the Church of Homo." Thoro was a largo attendance, and the lecturer was much applauded. A formal vote of thanks was presented to' Mr. Storio, on the motion of Mr. Brownell, seconded by Mr. McLean. Several now members wore elected, I and one nomination was received. The Presi- dent, the Rev. S. Ironside, announced that he would give a lecture next Friday evening. Mr. Hawson, the Secretary, called special attention to the lecture, and hoped there would be a full at- tendance, as it would be the last time Mr. Ironside would be able to attend their meetings. TASMANIAN SCHOLAR«.-We are glad to state from information received yesterday that Mr. Charles Hogg, Tasmanian Scholar of 1865, has graduated at Cambridge ; and that on the ex- amination he stood 35th in the list of wranglers, bracketed with three others. Mr. Hogg, who was a pupil of the High School, Hobart Town, in- tends studying for examination for tripos, moral science, which takes place in November next. In consequence of the distinction gained by a former scholar, the High School boys yosterday had a half holiday. VICTORIA MEAT PRESERVING COMPANY. Applications for shares in the above Company will be received until Tuesday next, by Mr. Toby, from whom forms of application may be obtainod. " ' LA FEUILLADB ENTRRTAINMSNTS.-We regret to learn by telegram that the illuesa of M. La Feuillade, which has for some days put a stop to the entertainments at Launceston, has become so serious as to prevent the possibility of his opening here on Monday as intended. The company, wo believe, will not make their first appearance before Monday, the 28th inst. HOBART TOWN ASSESSMENT.-We are informed that the idea of resisting the enforcement of the alleged illegal assessment has not been given up as some persons supposed. One of the citi- zens, whose name has-been mentioned to us, has formally refused to pay his rates, with a view to defending proceedings for their recovery ; and if necessary carrying the matter to the Supreme Court. SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.-To-morrow sermons will bo preached at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Collins-street, on occasion of the Sunday-school Anniversary, by the Rev. J. Long in the morning, and the Rev. G. Clarke in the evening. The children will recite pieces in the afternoon. The tea meeting will take place on Tuesday. REHEARSALS, band and chorus, will be re- sumed this evening at half-past seven, at the Town Hall ; vocalists to bring copies of Haydn's ' ' Creation. " CRICKET.-The match between the Derwent and Wellington Clubs will be resumed on the Association Ground, this afternoon, at a quarter past one. HAMILTON.-The Sisters Downey will give a musical aud miscellaneous entertainment at Hamilton this evening. ETHIOPIAN ENTERTAINMENT.-It will bo seen from an announcement elsewhere that a grand Ethiopian Entertainment will be given in con- nection with the Working Men's Club at the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening noxt. MARINERS' CHURCH.-The Rev. J. Storie's name is on the list to officiate at tho Marinera' Church to-morrow afternoon. Service to com- mence at titree o'clock. Seamen are invited. PEOPLE'S HALL.-An address will be delivered by the Rev. W. Mathieson at the People's Hall, to-morrow evening. THE FEAST OF ST. PATRICK. - The Feast of the Apostle of Ireland was celebrated with due solem- nity at both the Catholic Churches of this city. The bell newly erected in the Convent grounds rang out the Angelus at early dawn, for the first time on that day, and great numbers of the faith- ful attended the 7 and 8 o'clock mass at the Cathedral. A solemn High Mass was sung at St. Joseph's, at 10 o'clock-celebrant, Rev. Philip R. Hennebry ; the Rev. Chas. Woods, and D. F. X. Beechinor acting as deacon and sub-deacon ; the Very Rev. the Vicar-General was also present in the sanctuary. At 6.30 a m. at the Cathedral, after the Rosary, the Rev. William R. Fitzgerald ascended the pulpit, and preached to one of the largest congregations ever seen in the Cathedral. He took for his text the penultimate verse of the 28th chap, of St. Matthew, "Going therefore, teach ye all nations, baptizing thom in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of .the Holy Ghost." He showed the superiority of the mission confided to Peter, and how, at the bidding the successor of Peter, the young Levite from Armorie Gaul went forth from the Centre of Unity with his "loins girt about with truth, having on the breast-plate of justice, and his feet shod with the gospel of peace." He traced in thrilling language the durable effects of his labours, and he trusted that the soil of Erin so green, because impreg- nated so often and so profusely with the blood of her sons, would ever continue to be the home of the faith, and the virtues of St. Peter. Bene- diction of the Blesäed Sacrament given by the Rev. D. F. A. Beechinor, assisted by the Revs. P. R. Hennebry and W. Fitzgerald, concluded the grand festival of the day. The bell above alluded to is from the celebrated foundry of Murphy, Thomas-street, Dublin. It weighs about 5 cwt., and is placed in the Convent grounds on a temporary tower, designed by Mr. Hunter. The tone of this bell is very exquisite, and fully equal to the world-wide reputation of the manufacturer. - (Communicated.) THE GOVERNOR'! VISIT TO CIRCULAR HEAD. -As soon as it was known tliat His Excellency the Governor intended to pay a visit to Circular Head, the inhabitants determined that he should havo a befitting reception to this the most dis- tant settlement on tho N.W. Coast. According- ly a public meeting was convened for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements for ac- cording him-as the representativo of Her Mi jesty-A hearty welcome, and this was held at the Police Office on Monday evening, 7th inst., when nu »AilvnHs was adopted a« pointed to deliver it at a triumphal arch the erection of which was resolved on. The Vice Regal party arrived at the triumphal arch at 5.30 p.m., on Saturday, where they wore received by the townspeople with three hearty cheers. The children who were ranged near the arch then sang the national anthem, at the conclusion of which the address was presoutod and a suitable reply made. Three cheers were thon given for the Hon. Mrs. DuCane, after which the Stanley Band placed thomsolves at tho head of the procession, and, playing lively airs, escorted His Excel- lency and suite to the hotel. The floral decora- tions, display of flags, and devices were worthy of mention. Mr. Walsh exhibited a well-written motto, " Welcome," and the Post Office was profusely decorated with flags, and had the words, " Welcome to Stanley." On Monday afternoon His Excellency and party visited the Bluff, where they remained for somo time.-L. Examiner. SALMON IN TASMANIA.-Mr. Frank Buckland writes to Land and Water, that if Australian folk wish to know if their experiments in salmon breeding have succeeded, they should examine the upper waters ami tributaries of the Derwent, as the breeding-salmon wiil showthomsolvosi/ierc readily enough if they are roany in tho river. EMIGRATION TO TASMANIA.-The Anglo-Aus- tralian in London, writing in the European Mail, says :-" Mr. Buck, the Emigration Agent for Tasmania, who published some timo ago a,hand book on that colony, has been inquired after lately by correspondents in tho London papers, who did not know that he was located in Ger- many. Mr. Algav, of Clemont's Lane, it appoars, has undertaken to answer inquiries on his behalf in London. There havo recently been various letters in The Times and other journals dilating on the attractions of Tas- mania. Why do our Government neglect to furnish information to tho people of England of a nature to be serviceable to intonding emi- grants ( The absolute necessity of this is shown in a letter to the editor of The Tim s which we to-day reprint. THE AUTHOR OP "GREATER BRITAIN."-The Standard thus speaks of our maligner :-Sir Charles Dilke'rf views as to the Colonial question are equally decided and equally valuable with his crude opinions on the Alabama contro- versy. One perceives what it is that a min gains by travol ovor the world at an early ago. Tile problem, which to other men is so puzzling, is solved by Sir Charles Dilke in a few sen- tences, of which it is difficult to know whether to admiro more their profound wisdom or their striking truthfulness. "The cessation -oí all Impori.il expenditure on the Colonies"-this is the counsel of the member for Chelsea. As to the vulgar notion that the waste lauds of the Colonies aro available for emi- gration, Sir Charles Dilke disposes of it simply by assuring us that this isa " vital mistake." There are no waste lands in the Colonies. The lands are not given away, but are sold, and the "money applied to Colonial purposes." England Ins "no moro hold over the wasto lands of tho Colonies than over those of the United States," and the Colonies aro " even positively mis chiovous from the emigration point of view." BARKY SULLIVAN.-All Australians who tako an intorest in tho oluvation of tho drama will rogretto learn that Mr. Barry Sullivan has boen obliged to give up his brilliant effort to uphold "the intellectual drama" at' tho Holborn Theatre. The season terminated on January 15th, Mr. Sullivan's speculation, wo rogretto say, having cost him little less than the heavy sum of £8,000. The fact is the English public caro very littlo about the socalle'd intel- lectual drama now-a-'days.,. The scono painter, the burlesque writor, and nctrosses with petticoats ss short as the Lord Chamberlain will permit," aro tho only powers by which managers may hopo to attract audioncus largo enough to pay. Aftor all,this doos not say very much for the ninoteonih century civilisation of Which wo are all so proud. MAUAVII,I.A'COCOA.-Fon BUIÍAKFABT.-The Gtybe tay«'. " Various importera and manufacturers have nttempted to attain a reputation for thoir propnrod Cocoas, but wo doubt whether any thorough success hud boen nohioVod until. Messrs. Taylor and liroth'ora discovered the extraordinary qualities of ' Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of prepara- tion to this finest of all species of tho Thoobromii, thoy have producod an artiole which suporsoilos every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a dolicnto aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the ilaravjlla Cocoa abovo all other. For hoinoeopntlu and invalite we could not recommend a more agreeable or'valu- able beverage." Sold in paokets only by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Original Homooonathio Cocoa and Solublo Chocolate. Steam M^li^l&rjpkLtwe;,London. JAdyU MhiW, 