The Gold Kobbery at EEailaral. (F torn ihe Ballarat Star.') For somo months past tho directors of the Groat Northern Junction Gold Mining Company havo sus pected that an oxtensivo nnd systematic robbery of gold was taking placo, and thoy accordingly took steps to put a stop to tbo loss of gold aud to detect tho thievos, tho matter being put in tho bauds of tho detectives Hyland, Berrili, and Easton. On Tuosdny afternoon, tlio 28rd February, detectives Berrili and Enston waited about tlio claim until tbo day- shift came up, at 4 o'clock and arrested five men who were on thoir way homo, Their names are Thomas Rash loigh, aged 2-1; Silas May, aged 29; Christopher Toukin, aged 25; Joseph Roberts, aged 24; nnd John Higgins, alias Welsh, agod 23. flieso men were sarched soon after their arrest, and 2 ozs. of gold was found in Tonkin's cap, 2 ozs. in Rnshloig's tobacco pouch, and about I oz. inn piece of olay in tho pocket of HigginB' trousers. No gold was found on the person of tho otbor two men, but fromjinformntion in tho possession of the police thay wore detained, and tho evidence is likely to bo strong against them. The five wero thon convoycd to tho Western polico station and charged with having stolen gold from tho olaim of tho Groat Northorn Junction Company on tho 22ud February. Preparations wero then made to search all tho men that went below at 4 o'clock. A small space at ono cornur of tho braoo was enclosod with pilos of timber, lanterns woro hung around, nnd candles stuck about, in order to afford plenty of light whilo tho soarching procoso wob going on. Everything was managod so that the men below, who woro to come np at midnight, should hear nothing of this. At nbout 11 o'clock, Mr J. T. Sleep, chairman of directors, with throo of tho directors, MoBsrs Colvin, Hocking, and Hatliorne proceeded to tbo claim with Berrili, Easton, and Hyland, and constables Smith and Kelly. Sevoral of tho surfaco men woro pressod into tho sorvice, and, aftor tho searching room hod boon nrianged, tho men woro put in their placos. A dozon men, with tho throo dotootivos and oonstablo Smith, wero plaood round tho Bhaft ro*dy to Joad tho men into tho soarching room whon they arrivod at tho surfaco ; whilo oonstablo Kolly was stationed at tho stops to provont thoso who bad boon soarchod from coming up again. Candlos wore stuck about in all diroctionB and Easton gavo the finishing touch to tlio soarching room, by caulking tho orovicoBin tho planks oarofullv with papor, to prevent tho men getting rid of any gold thoy might havo upon thoir persons by dropping it through tho orncks. At about half-past 11, linston whilo looking round, found a pioco of gold ovor an onnco in weight, dropped close to ono of the puddling machines.' This Jlooked rntlior suspicious, but no one knew how tho gold got thero. The men below being rondy to ascoud, the signal was givon to tho cngino drive!-, and tip camo tlio cago with four moil. Thoy looked rather astonished nt tho blaze of light, and still moro so when they wore quietly tapped on tlio shoulder by tho dotoctivcs and led into the searching room. Tlio moil all nppenred to tako tlio niattor vory coolly. Ono Coriiisbinaa mado a slight objection, but whon told by Mr Sleep that the whole of tho men in tlio shaft would bo searched lio mado no further objection. Tbo first lot nl men woro ( allowed to pirns on, as 110 gold was fouiu^ on thoui. Tho samo with tho socond cago load and tho third | load, four truckors woro allowed to go without boing searched. Of tho four men in tho fourth cage-load ono, Abraham Georgo, was detained, ns in his trousers pocket was found a piece of clay with about half an onnco of gold in it. Georgo profossed not to bo ablo to account for tbo gold being there, but tho direotors and dotoctivcs, thinking that, in tho ordi nary eourso of nature, small pieces of gold woro not in tho habit of sticking all togothor to a piece of clay, ? and thon getting into a man's poclcot, kept Goorgo in custody. Thero wero somo sixty or scvonty men in tho shift, but excepting tlio caso of George, no more gold was found, As tho braco became crowded with men about to go bo low, tho company adjourned to tlio ofiicc, nnd Georgo was formally arrested and cautioned, and the gold found upon bis person was examined. Tho directors, polico, and prisoner then started for Ballarat. Tlio searching of tho four men who came up in cacli cage, of coursc occupied some little time, and tho men wero not nil brought to the surfaco as quickly as usual. ThU caused the m-n below to suppose that tlio mine was nbout to be swamped again ; and in the panic ono man whoso name wo could not in tho hurry ascertain, actually climbed tip 300 feet of ladders, up tho puinpshaft, in his alarm. When ho arrived at tho turfaco shivering with cold, and dripping with tho water that had boon falling upon him during his ascent, ho was, to his surprise, 'collared,' by constablo Kelly, but after being scrolled he was let go. The whole affair was man aged very well, for nono of the men that camo' up seemed to be awaro of tho preparation for a search nbovo. Over six and a half ounces of gold was found upon the men arrested yesterday, and as it is now know that a system of robbery has been going oil for somo timo, the compnny must havo lo.it a groat deal ofgnld, Fully £000 worth of gold that lias beon sold by different men has been traced back to tho claim, and a large quantity of the gold is now in Mr Sleep's possession. Tbo prisoners wero to appear at tlio District Police Court on tho 20th, whon the whole of tho facts would be mado public. ! Dkath from Drowning. — The City Coroner held an inquiry, yesterday afternoon, at tho Observer Ttivern, George-street North, touching tbo doath of a man named Elijah Molynean::* Constable Thomas Purcoll deposod that, about 5 o'clock oil Saturday ovening last, from orders lie received, lie proceeded to the Baltic Wharf, at the foot of Market-street, and there saw what appeared to lie a portion of o mails head above the watei, he got a mail Georgo Felton. to go into a boat nnd lift the object up upon the surface of the water; upon his doing so bo observed that it was the body of a man ; Felton put a ropo round tho body. and witness pulled it to the shore; with the exception of tho coat and hat, which wero missing, tho body was dressed; ho searched it, nnd fonnd thereon a half penny piece; he had the body removed to the dead house, Circular Quay ; be examined tho body, but did net obsorve any marks of violence on it. Alice Molynsaux deposed that she resided in Parramtta street ; Bho was tho wife of deceased, who was fifty Eoveu 3'ears of age and a nativo of Birmingham, England ; he was a baker by trado, but for tho last few years bo bad been engaged selling fish and prawns about the streets ; they had been married eighteen years ; decenEod had left no family ; somo yoars ago ho kept tho Conch and Horses Hotel. Cumberland-street ; latterly lie was sometimes sober but oftenor drunk ; the last timo sho saw her hus band alive was on last Thursday afternoon nt hor own plnco in Parrnmatta street ; ho cauio homo by himself sober ; lio left about 3 o'clock, Bobcr, with his prawn basket to attond to his business ; sho did not afterwards boo him alivo ; decoasod's non-roturn home thnt evening did excito somo alarm on licr part, as ho came homo invariably every night, or before dayllight ; on Friday evening sho roported his noil-, nppearanco at No. 2 polico station ; she saw nothing moro of him till she saw his dead body yesterday (Sunday). Aloxnudcr Cumming deposed that lie was a liairdressor, and residod iu Markot-Btreet; ho had known tbo deceased by sight for yearB ; tho last timo ho saw him alive was about ten minutes past G o'clock on Friday evening last, in Markot-Btreot, between Kent aud Sussex streets, w,th an empty prawn basket; bo wont in tho direction of Pyrmont Bridge — was very drunk, and could not go five yards without staggering : ho foil onco or twice going down tho Btreet ; ho bad otten seon deceased drunk. George B'elton, a shipwright, deposod that ho resided in Clarenco-streot ; he know the deceased; fii'6t knew him when ho kept tho Coach and Horses, in Cumberland-street ; between G and 7 o'clock on Friday ovening ho Baw him intoxicated, at the foot of .Market- street; ho had an empty basket; some boys were dialling him; ho was staggering about nnd could hardly walk ; witness had frequently seon him drunk lately ; on Saturday evening last when proceeding from his work his business took liiin to tbo Baltic Wharf, where he met a boy, named Flanahan, who told him that a man's head was floating abovo the water, near tlio Wallably schooner; upon receiving this infor mation ho went at onco to tho wharf, got a boat, and proceeded to where ho saw tbo body, lifted up tho head, and recognised it at onco to bo that of Elijah Molynmux; he got tho body into shallow water, where it remained till constablo Purcoll came and removed it. Dr. Shaw, who examined the body, said that, with tho oxception of a few abrasiouB of tho hands, near tho right elbow, and slight marks on tho i'aco— most of them post mortem— ho found 110 marks of violonce on tho body. From tho appear anco of the body and tho history of tho caso, his opinion was that death had resulted from suffocation by drowning. The jury returned an open verdict of found drowned. — ' Herald.' Deatii op an Old Racehorse. — Tho 'South Aus i tralian Advertiser ' thus records the denth of an old rncor:— Mr Gerrard's well known thorough- bred, South Australian is dead, it having boon found necessary to shoot him to put him out of tbo misery of a long' illness. Ho wns just about twenty yeais old, and has left a good many of his brood behind him. Ho wns imported by Messrs J. and C. B Fisher, about fiftoen yoars ago, at the same timo as Frank and several blood marcs wero brought out. A finer pedigreo than his could not bo found, for ho comes from a family of winners. His siro Cothcrstono was by Touchstono out of Emma by Whisker own brother to Moworinn tho dam of West Australian ; Emma was also tlio dam of Mundig winner of the Derby. In 18-13 Cothorstoue won the Riddlewtrth Column and 2000 -guineas stakoa at Nowinnrkot the Derby at Epsom, Gratwicko Stakes at Goodwood 200 sovereign stakes at Doncantor and Royal Stakes nt Newmarket winning all in a cantor. His total winnings after deducting bis own stakes, amounted to £12,700— a greater sum than any horse ovor won in a year. West Australian won the Derby £2(J00 nnd St. Logor. South Austra lian's dam was Joannina, by l'riam out of Johanna, by Sultan. Slio was dam of CoBsnek, winner of tho Derby. South Australian was never trained for racing, but is tho siro of moro winnors hero than any othor siro -imported to this colony. They includo Midnight, Enfiold.Tim Whifllor, Apparition, Rogalin, and others. Of all winuors by him Apparition is tho only ono from n ttloroughbrod maro. Ho lenvos somo young stock. Tho old horso was a model. Though not exhibiting tho grand proportions of Fisherman, Aeo of Clubs, or Talk o' tho Hills, bo was, novortlielcss, tho picture of symmotry and powor. Ho stood fifteen hands thrco inches, was compact, strong in tho loins, with faultloss logs, and a fino grncoful crest. His stock wo ncod not doscribe, for thoir nppoaronco and qunlitiosaro familiar to all who tako any intorests in turf mutters. Mr Coglin has just givon £250 for ono of his colts. Murder at Casino. — A shocking and mysterious muidor took placo at Casino, Richmond Rivor, on Tnosday morning last. Tlio deceased, Colin Campbell had boen drinking at tho houso of one Palmor, and wns disoovorod after cries of ' holp and murder' had boon raisod — it is said by tlio Polioa Magistrate and othorB — lying on tho ground in front of Palmer's with n gash under his right oar from which ho quickly expired. Thero is considerable excitement over tho matter; and a long magisterial inquiry iB being hold, alroady lasting throo days before Mr Stooks. On Saturday tho polico appliod to havo tho Polico Magistrate and old Palmer — 70 years old — arrested, whioh was dono; but both woro admittod to bail. — ' Herald.' The Perils op Busii Travei.i.iko,— Somo of tho dnngors of travelling ovor now lines of road nro shown in tho following paragraph, which wo extract from tlio' Doniliquin Chronicle — Wo aro requested by sergeant Baker, of tho local polico, to givo publicity to tho following: — People travelling from Mount Mannro to Wilcannia should bo cautioned not to fake tho seventy mile track recently Burvcycd by Mr Surveyor O. M'Cormaelt, and branching off to tlio right a short distance on the Wilcannia Bide of Mount Mnnaro, as thero is not a drop of wntor on tho road. A family aud u travollor wore uuved by tho Wilcannia police from polishing lor want of walor aud brought into Wilcniiiiin. Two dead bodies ,-ivo also beon found ou the samo lino of roud, having recently perished for want of water. The (Jase op ^ampus'ii':— It nnnon™ r I ?Wngga! Wn^grt Express,' thnt in obsdiew ,lw ► dircetioris from tlmSydnoy authorities, a mSJ', ?' inquiry touching the death of John Lamnff i?1 £ died in tho hospital on tho 27th January last S « been nllogod, from a surfoit of colonial beer w™ I 'u I at tbo Court-houso by the polico marrint'nTt'^ i1 i Bayl'ia, on'. Thursday last. NoS ? I sensational cam# ont,. beyond tlio fncU tUn! t along beon fully known to tho piblie 1 drailU an immodornto quantity of becr'on t m irS 1 January, under, perhaps, tho impression that * /., 1 had boen mado ns to his powers of consiimm- &§ From this debauch he rccovored, crRht ? ™' 1 bringing on inflammation of the lungs, wis atlmin J H into the hospital, Buffering from this complaint i J 1 days after drinking tbo beer, recovered n Rl his admission nnd thon suffered a relapse, and fin! I» I olovon dnys after the beer-drinkisg expired m i7 I Robinson positively swears, of inflamrnatioi'i eflU I lungs, and, therefore of causes with which the be, 7 drinking had nothing whatever to do. ' ThoprcsHin^ magistrate observed that ho could net porcoivo .t lliero bud beon ony necessity for an inquiry at nil * Death from Starvation.-TIic Sandhurst co ^ pondont of tlio 'Argus writes-' One would har« ' thought in tho now prosperous town of Sandhimt ? whero so much gold is to bo obtained, a caao of dMih from destitution would bo impossible. Unfortunate „ i one has occurred, and that under most painful eircnm stances. On Thursday last a woman named PIU Macldiu aged only 31 years, died in a miscrabl f hovel, at Back Creek,- from pneumonia and want If foodand clothing. From tho ovidonco that was thi, i nt tho inquest held on. Monday it appears that lint! ' May last the woman and hor husband; who is blinS 1 wero irocoiving nssistnnco from tho Benevolent i Asylum. , During that month, it was stated in cvi * deuce, tlio . authorities of tho asylum wanted' 'a 1 Mnckliris to lenv.o Beudigo district and go to Catule K mnino, where it was asserted thoy had friends ami $ tho committee was to pay tlio expenses down nS? # tbo Mayor of Sandhurst., givo 'lOs. for pockbt'iatfnw U ThoMackliiis, however, refused to go,, as'throwi ft! they httd'nb frionds. at Cas'tlemhino, nnd wislicd fom W to Melbourne, wlioro'Maekl.in 'might got cured of M« i? blindness. According' to Mncklin's 'eviden'fe ;M, 0 Dorman, superintendent' of tlio asylum, called y saw tho awful statc of dostitntion in which tliey weh P existing, 'but told them that if thoy- refused tomb M Cnstlcmaiuc tlio reliof would bo stopped ; and th : was dono After this Mrs Mackliri went to'tlio liiavor ' and got a. relief tfcKot, but ob presenting it relief i; refused t They mn'do no application after tliis and e tlio wretched wdmnn took in washing; and tlio noinh i ' hours assisted them; a kind Samaritan, MrsAtiatr' son, who got tho houso'for tliom ohd paid tho onlj rent ovor paid by thoui; doing her best ; but the Btato '? they lived in nocordaco to tho ovidonco of Dr Oruik ' shank, tho medical gentleman who mado tho no t! 1 mortom, and tho other witnossos, was somotbini ^ almost incrediblo as existing in a Christian count™ Thero wns not a stick of furniture in tlio placo no f I bed or bedding, nnd tliey must havo slept on tlio floor ; » with nothing but rags aboift four inches Bqnnrd ! i wherewith to coVer thorn. , On Thursday .'thoir onlv i- ' child, a lad about 13 years of ago, was oiitintlia ti bush, and the poor woman was left in tho drearr N hovel with her blind husband Tho lad found lr P's mother dead when 'ho returned on Friday mornine tip'* Such is tho heart-rending story. Tho verdict of tha i I jury was ns follows Wo find that the dccea ed B- t Ellen Mucklin. came by .her , death bv nnonm^;.' Pi -3 brought on by oxposuro to cold - for want of proper '( 1 covering, being dostituto of bed , or bedclothes anj t we further find thorp, was great inhumanity shown by M whoever was tlio means of.having tho support from t ' the Benevolent Asylum Btdpped in this caso.' 1 1 Daring Burglaries at Batiiurst.— Borglartei ? are now infrequent in Sydnoy, but Bathurst, it would ; appear is enjoying a' visit from some rather impndect ? - 'cracksmen.' Tho TimeB, of Saturday reportsw ; ; less than tlireo.—' Lato on Monday night last Mr Holl's public-houso, tlio Bushman's Inn; Benhct : street, was robbed by an individual who efleetedhi' ' ' entrance through one of tho front windows. , Alto = entering tbo houso ho passed from tho parlour lull ? tho Bar, Bnd through a room off tlio , latter into tb* ' 5 the landlord's sleoping npartniont. Here bo'sppioi ; ' priatod 17b, which he found in fir Holl's troiiw '-? ' pockot, nnd also £1 lGs which ho got in ono of Mrj ? Holl's dresses, as well ns £110s which was Iiidi ? under a woollen mat. Inside of this mat was £lia ' 1 sixpences, which ho did not tako as thej bil evidently escaped' his notice, and in one of a nnnb!t - of drawers in which ho had rummaged was tho snm ' of £2o, which ho had failed to discover. Iogropltj ? ! about in tbo dark ho happened to touch the fetid - 1 Mr II oil, and tho lattor was immediately avaWJ ! aud sprang out of bed. The robber, -however, piorei ; ?' two quick i for him.?, as ho rushed out 'oftbi? ? room, slamming the door bohiud him to g«ij : ' time, nnd the landlord reached the front room jinfii ? time to see tho burglar, who wob barefooted, lak*i ; pautomimio divo through tho wiudowi Beallsbll ? on tho verandah on his hands and knees, and Onillj js- i disappeared' up tlio stroot. About 4 o'clock 'a p ' Wednesday morning a similnr robbery to the aton t ' ' wns committed at Mr Georgo Matthew's hotel, Keh p-.f The robber, in this instauco, entered tho house by Ui i back door, and made his way, by tbo shortest rocti, ' ?'? to Mr Mattbow'B bedroom- ' Tbo - landlady, Hi ?' i MattliowB, -heard .the', burglnrs footstepa previoniti ? : his coming, into tho room, nnd nlsp beard him lilt ? up n monoy box which contained upwards of il'; 4 but bIio was so terrified that slio oonld not ultal : ' word, and by tho timo she lind c roused Mr Mailing tho robber bad decamped. In. his passage inlor.l L - ont of the hotel, he passed through five doors.nl ? i by a number of eliaiis, so thnt ho was evidently - acquainted with tlio geography of tho bouse- Hi - money stolen cousistod chiefly of fourponny fiw ; which had . been- laid by for division smoDjt'i f- i ; children, and also n few half sovereigns, ii ) MatthewB had, on ' tbo Tuosdny olr tho Jloi'it ' previous to the robbory, banked £282, n i oxeept tho nmount nppropriated by tbo burglar, ttai ; ' wero somo twenty-five shillings in tho houso. In - i as woll B3 tlio other burglary, was conduotcd irl ; groat clevernoss„and tho circumstances in bodies. - 1 would appoar to indicate that tho two robberfe*!1 , committed by.iliQ samo, person. In conncction sti ; j the above weiaro info'rmod that a very snspicioi t1 ; cumstanco occurred at tho Royal Hotol about balfput : ono o'clock on Tuosdny morning. A lady nnd genti- v -' ina'n, wlio woro' occupying apartments upBlpirsiJ p j who intended to proceed to Sydnoy in thedaycMA '? j were awakeued at the timo we havo mentioned, tyi ? , noiso which turned out to proceed from a man moral c \ about in the bedroom, Tho gentleman jumpcdonltf j i bed nnd gavo chnso, but tho supposed robber in:' I \ good bis escape.- He, howevor, returned ibotl! ; afterwards, when ho was pursued a . second tine 'J S .- tho gentleman, but he- again' effected a retreat, hi 1 ! disappeared over the hotol balcony oil to the vermW ' j of Mr Parker's butcher's shop, from wliici li ; . j doscoridod to tlio streot. The man bad netlb'ertu h.i boots, nor coat on, and bo was vory tall andpoM- i - -.? fully built. : ?' .' . : , Tub Weather — From tho *' Herald's ' telegr.il ii ..; wo loai n that on Monday last tho Macqiiariebadni-i ; 1 botweon six and seven feet above tho ordinary leiili , all traflio was Btopped. tho inspector of Public Weill : ,,-j refusing to work tho Government punt. And , j attempting to cross oh horseback was, washed don t 1 tbo rivor threo hundred yards, and escapod drowni-J almost by a miraclo. The polico aro -prevonlediw p' I iittonding to theirduty on tho opposito side,' andtu | . doctor from attending ;to. sick calls.— At DriiliM ;-. ? according to tho samo authority,- thero bed to J heavy rains tor tho last three days. Tberlrei'ij j rising, and a heavy flood oxpeoted. — At Bowen,gt» i .« floods oocurred at tlio Capo diggings half tho hooB ^ woro submorgod, arid nearly nil tho olaim?, iaelpt! ^ :.J tho Union nnd Gonoral Grant, caved in jteti® --4 aro nearly all abniidonodj Lloyd's pmobine on ® ^ | Upper Capo narrowly escaped destruetloD | tM ®* |,| is washed away and tho pump with it. Tbo BB- j, ;3 have noarly all gone to Specimen Gully, nod arjiWI . | protty well. The Townsvilio Company's nuel'1' sfcj still noar Townsvilio not nblo totravol ; 'ar8°n°°^j fei of thoop wero washed away from tbo Loiobbirit|i- j, j wool destroyed on tbo Bnrdokin. . .M ] Tun Bushranger jn Victoria.— -Tho' Argai s ^ Tuosdny says Powor, tho bushrange?,,»PP®' | i bo as ubiqnitous and difficult to securo as ' dI'Pi I Dick' in tho drama. Yostordny a tologram w* t | coivorl by tho polico, stating that POwor had w i up' a constablo at about nino milos. from ««' (i - j takon liis rovolvor from him Ho also stopF. . M'Konzio, a scab inspector, taking from bin ' U horso, snddlo, and bridlo. The hushranje ^ nrmod with a doublo barrollod gtin nnd 'n,°,r0..nit| Another tolcgram stated that ,ho, wm.Im'''.. v ?:.,i man nataod Goorgo Hamilton, at tho Running j , about 10 milos from Kilmoro, to whom ho M'10 j - takon a rovolvor from ft constablo; Ik j Centipede Bite— It is roported in tho 'As' J|3 that on Thursday night a Mrs Lenthnrt, u I si| j Nowtown, - Wagga Wogga. who Imd foonj 1 J , Jg down on tho woodhoap, felt something 0 ' Jm down her back, nnd putting up hor haw w jig i it, wiiii soverely liiltun on tho shoulder S-a Bfj ing; n largo contipodo wns discovered. H™ g JEa painful for a timo j lint brandy being P .ffls rnbbod in, tlio pain subsided, and do futluor |y iroro folt« '- -H a ui''1 ? — ? I n. Smart Swikdlk Detected,— Ono of tho smnrtos ?1 „f Vmnrt swiudlos was lately attempted to -be plnyed -.1 °, Dubbo tradesman (says tha « Dispatoh ), but i (vfrtnnntely tho smallest grain of sospKsion interposed ' hcnst moment to save the in tended victim from A nt One dav last wools, a very talkative Rontloinnn. |0'' , ° Mr'J E. Sorisier, of tho Dublin storoa, and ' Inou need himself as fresh from tho Warrogo, Baroo, r If of Carpentaria, aud other barbarous and un ' - In reeiong. II' liad tho «PPC!-raDC0 ot » I!'' -cuo ' bushman. and for hours at tho stretch i „ ,,j i,;« htMireri with stories of tho faBtnosses of i t' orior of 'mmiuent scrapes by flood and field; S r t ?ilni Willi tho hostile blacks, of boomerangs, ; ' niilla nuiliB) and other deadly weapons flying round ! ? ' hold thioli as hail. Durinfe Ins: travels through ii^so terras incognitas,', he camo across many initios. both animal, geological, and botanical, Tin had discovered tho real quinine bark, and had ' irnvaJ its wonderful emcacy in cases of fever and P «. His volubilltv astonished his hoarers slightly, J. ffiiov gave him full rein, and ho ended by iiiti o. 1 Pine to the notice of Mr Senaier some quondong clones, which ho cirriod carefully wrapped inn 'jv.coloured handkerchief. The commercial value nftliuse stones was then debated, and our bushman « id ho had three bags of them, containing twelve or . . hAiilirlq Ho had, on ft for.nor occasion; sold Sim o° »'Br' 1. and Mac Donnell of Sydney, i £210- per bushel. Howover. lie did not thon « a salo b'' turned tlio conversation to stations £!»i stock, and spoke largely of flocks of sheop, mobs. ? ffat cattle, &c;, cu route to Sydnoy and Maitland ( a the following day, Mr Sorisier rccoivod a letter, martins to come from Messrs. Brush nnd Mac Donnell Sydney, . It is ' said that they (Messrs. B and M )'lmd heard that ' threo mon wero coming to Mud'o'o or Dubbo with quaiidong stones and they 'id ieel obliged if Mr Sorisier would purchase on »-ieir acoount somo bags rtt tho rate. of U5 per threo husliol bag ' Mr Serisier at onco sought out tho f nil'erim from the wttdernesw, or, as we should rather aall him, the quan.long merchant, and brought up the ; ' sutiioct of tlio valuable stones. Oonsiderablj debate as to price took place', quaudong merchant holding .«»» fm- £10 per bag : butat.hiBta sale was effected, ? tlio th'eo bags being parted' with for £17 10s. TJolivcry was at onco taken,' but Mr Sorisier, having ?uflt an inkling that the letter from .Sydnoy was not' tho most'gonuino in the world, thought it prudent, till lio heard further from liis metropolitan correspon dents to hold back payment in full. . Ho, however, cave the (juandong merchant £1 as an advance, and immediately . sot the telegraph wires in motion ?informing Jtessrs Mnc Donnell and Co.. that ho had ? tp-ircliascd, according to instructions,' tho stones. No immediate answer was received. In tho moon ? t:-io our back block hero called several times for a i-ttlument. but at last ho wasinformvd'thatho could not be paid ut present, as tho matter was in the hands ' :of Sydney detectives, and that the .name of an eminent firm in Sydnoy had beon forged ton letter sunt about tho qunudongs, : This was a stray shot, ;? font it had considerable effect, and tho quandorig' merchant offcrod Mt Scrisicr£5 on his bargain for tho bags but this wns lofused. At 9 o'clock oil Satur day 'night, ; a telegram was'' received from Mae j lioiiiielf and Co., the- jowollers, of Goorgo-strect, Sydney, saying that thoy did not understand Mr ? Serisier's telegram, and on Sunday a letter arrived, ' -stating that they : had never written to liini about ' -quandongs. Here was a glorious sell I- Tho whole affair was admirably concoctod, but tho machinory' ?did not work; The letter .soiit from-' Sydney, in tho name of Brush and Mac, Donnell, is supposed to havo ?beon written by a confcddrnto of the qnandong mer chant.; It was, doubtloss; thought the' Dubbo store keeper would havo taken tho bait, and givon, : on account of tho Sydney jewellers, a high pi-icc for tho atones. Fortunately, n slight suspicion of the bona fides of tho letter, and tho quick use of tho telegraph 'vircB, Bpoiled the plot, and tho biter has booii bitten ; i for Serisier has the threo bags of qnandong stones. A Sensations i, Vabn indeed. — Ghost stories are ? (uginning to lose interest, people not boing so oiedulous as they woro in days of yore i the scribe is often put to liia wit's end for *' something now,' and i bunco wo have somo remarkably curious discovorios. But the following, from the ' Monaro Mercury,' is .the boat wo havo seon * An anecdote of an ?extraordinary character has beon -currant iu Cooina ?during the past fe w weeks ; aud as it is givon out by i -a gossip in town ai' gOBpel truth.' we venture to publish tlio outlines, leaving them to bo discussed, by ?our readers. Somo fow years back o young couple on ! Monaro took it into their beads to bo mado ono ' for tetter, for worse.' After a.iespectnblo period of time had elapsed, thoy wore blessed with a family I remembrancer tlmt left no doubt as to its paternity, t filling the heartB of its parents with groat joy, as -should always bo tho case. Of course the iittlo one would have to bo cbristcned. Here, tho first Iittlo ?difliculty presented itself, tho blest patents boing of dillerent persuasions, Tho head of tho fumily assorted liis privileges and demanded that tho pretty j stranger Bhould bo baptized in the faith orthodox of j Jiis forefathers. To this his ' hotter half' demurred {therois not a mariied reader who can doubt it), the lady adding that Bbe ' would sooner havo tlio arm cut off her beforo she would havo it christonod in another Church.' In the ond tho lady caino oil victorious in tho marital contest. \S e need not go to tbo lungtli of recording iu print tho name of tho fairy innocent ' bone of contention suffice it to say i that it is still alive and kicking. Now, tho strangest i part of tho story comes. Anothor child was born unto ibis happy household— to bo suro, there . is' nolliihg at all singular about ' such on occurrcnco as that. But the aforesaid ' gossip,' doclaro3 that tho stcond olivo branch ii minus ol that part of tho arm' .which should bo ntlached to tbo elbow, A rcoent ?christening at a church iu Coom'a was tho means of briupjingthis myst.-ilj is affair to light, and wo have ; asyetuo cause lor doubting tho nccuracy of tho ; narrative, bh it was.given iu all sincerity and with : , m#oy pinna ejaculations.' 