THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MOBMNQ, OCTOBER 19, 1870. THE speech which His Excellency the GOVERNOR yesterday addressed to the Members of both Houses, in proroguingParliament, was so closely foreshadowed in our anticipatory statement of what it would contain, .which appeared in yes- terday's issue, that we have left ourselves little room for further comment. We may, however, speak with more confidence on an accomplished fact, than on any anticipation of what it would be. As we said, when writing of our fore- shadowing of tho speech in which His EXCEL- LENCY opened the present session, we cannot help thinking that in the few points of differ- ence between our anticipations and the reality, the Ministry would have exercised a wiser discretion had our Bketch been adopted. Wo omitted reference to one or two matters embodied in tho speech, of which Govern- ment had better have taken no notice. We excuse His EXCELLENCY'S expression of regret at the intelligence of a disastrous war between two great Powers, the allies of HER MAJESTY ; but there the reference to tho dire calamity, and its "consequent bloodshed and loss of life incidental to the prosecution of tho war," should have ended. Our readers can easily imagine the grin of surprise with which bon. Members must have received the assurance of His EXCELLENCY'S being able to acquaint them that i 11 EH MAJESTY'S Government had assumed an attitude of strict neutrality. Hon. Members could hardly have hoard the expression of a hopo that nothing would occur to disturb the peace through any portion of the British Empire. The statement followed so close upon the inti- mation given them as to Britain's neutrality, that they could Bcarcoly have ceased wondering whether they had received their prior know- ledge of the fact by tho aid of spiritualism, or His EXCELLENCY and his responsible advisers had wakened up from a RIP VAN WINKLE nap. The same amazement probably prevented their wondering how war could affect one por- tion of the Empire, and peace not be disturbed in any other portion of it, since the recommen- dation of the Royal Commission in Victoria on federal union lias not yet liad time to obtain the recognition by foreign Powers of the neutrality of these Colonies in time of war. Hon. Members must havo been gratified to find due recognition of their assiduous duties, though they may have been puzzled to know why the session now closed was designated a comparatively short one. True, the ses- sion of 1868 occupied 36 days, while that just ended only occupied 31 days ; but if we take the other three sessions of the present Parliament, wo find they occupied respectively 28, 31, and 30 days. Tliat a largo amount of business has been got through we admit ; its usefulness remains to be tested, but on this point wo oxpressed our opinions fully yestorday. Tho Intercolonial Free Trade Bill has, of course, been reserved for HER MAJESTY'S assent ; and though South Australia and New Zealand have concurrently adopted similar measures, we have not that confidence entertained by His EXCEL- LENCY'S advisors that thereby tho application of Tasmania for a relaxation of the rules that now practically proliibit Intercolonial Free Trade will bo strengthened. Apart from the hostile attitude that tho SECRETARY OP STATE for tho Colonies has assumed,.we fear .that the legisla- tion of these Colonies will, like our own, prove au insuperable objeotion to our demand. While with tho one hand we havo passed a Bill for establishing free commercial relations between Tasmania and tho other Colonies, we have built up a protective policy-with the other. South Australia has followed tho same suicidal course ; aud if the Government of New Zealand havo not succeeded in doing so, it was because the Parliament of that Colony were guided by sounder political principles than are the Ministry. Wo can, therefore, well imagine LORD KIMBERLEY asking tho Tasmanian Government under which principle they elect to raiso their revenue. And if such alikely objection is taken, the support of tho two Colonies named is more likely to sink us in the mud than to holp us through. The amendment of the Constitutional Act has neces- sarily boen reserved for HER MAJESTY'S ascent. Though neither havo gone so far as wo could havo wished ; and we are not indebted to the Government for the chief amendment in the Electoral Act, we believe that His EXCELLENCY was warranted in saying that the amendments on thoso two Acts will improve the legislative efficiency of Parliament, by rendering it moro directly representative of the people. This is the merit wo have claimed for these amendments, and it is one to which experience will set its seal. We wish we could concur in the sanguino expectations ¡in which the speech indulges of tho consolidation and amendment of the Land Laws. The consolidation is a decided boon. Beyond that our approval can hardly go. The now Act may simplify the regulations for the pastoral occupation of the Crown Lands ; but if wo deem this very problematical, wo aro still move doubtful of the effect of its provisions in affording ample facilities for an extension of agricultural settlement by purchase. Tho terms may appear oasy and liberal, but, practically, no impetus whatever has boon given to settlement. There is no pretence of any inducement to immigration. Wo have said all along that the Bill had moro in view its revenue effects, than tho placing the people on the lands ; and this view the Government now ncknow ledgepfor they-mrm-iip tho merits of the now Aotliy declaring it well calculated to improve and establish on a permanent basis the 'Land Revenue of the Colony ; the first time, bo it re-, marked, we have heard the land fund honestly acknowledged as revenue. Capital and enter- prise continue, says the speech, to bo actively engaged in gold mining. We are glad to hear it ; but it will augur little for Tasmania's future as a gold producing country, if ita pre- sent oxortioiiB in raising the precious metal, are I to prove any criterion of the probable extent of capital and enterprise to bo employed in this direction. That the soveral measures passed for regulating the occupation of mineral lands will tond to facilitate and encourage operations in this promising branch of industry is, some- thing we rather wish for than hope for. Tho amondmentof the Main Lino Railway Act issoino what modestly touched on. It is said of it that it will enable Government to completo a contract with English capitalists, on a system that will raeot tho traffic requirements, aud the financial capabilities of tho Colony. It might have been expected that to this would havo been added an assurance that the amended measure is likely to havo tho desired success ; but wo presume Ministers were warned by the experience of last session. Their reticence on tho present occas t sion is perfectly justifiable. Wo do not neod to be told that the reception of our proposal will entirely depoud on the state of the money market in London. Even our debentures with no higher rate of interest than that to be guaranteed a company, would scarcely be looked at while the Bank rate is 4i or 5 per cent. The war may retard the formation of a company among capitalists who can command, and with- out a shadow of risk, as high a figure as we offer. So soon as tho value of money fall to its'ordinary level, we may expect to Bee the Tasmanian Main Line Railway Company " a great fact." The reduction in the rat« of inland and inter- colonial postage is justly looked on as a valuable boon, socially and commercially. For a time the revenue must suffer, but as the value of the boon comes to be appreciated, we may calculate on the deficiency being made up. The passing of the Bankruptcy Act would diatinguishthepresent session if it had passed no other good measure. Our Insolvency Laws were a disgrace to the age, and sadly retarded commerce. A new era has been inaugurated. The honest debtor is better protected, the dishonest debtor more likely to be punished 5 and in either case the creditor will be benefited. In tendering thanks for the supplies for the year, His EXCELLENCY'S speech deals very tenderly with the arrangements for meeting the necessary expenditure, and sustaining the public credit; and as if ashamed of any reference to the tax on meat, bread, and other necessaries, not a word is said that would lead a stranger to the inference that Government had asked, and that Parliament had granted.duties that bclio the policy on which the Colony has hitherto prided itself. These duties are hinted at as some thing on which Government roly for a sufficient and permanent revenue ; but their obnoxi- ous and injurious nature, denied during the debate on the additional tariff, is admitted. Tliat the taxes on food will be injurious is frankly acknowledged, and a hope is expressed that tho pressure on our industry and commerce will not be too severe ; that the amount will bo obtained-not without pressure, but without " unduo pressure." In the hope that the labours of Parliament will prove substantially beneficial to the Country, by enhancing the usefulness of its institutions, promoting permanent settlement' on the lands, and increasing our material wealth, all must join, though they may entertain very different ideas, whether the means adopted has been the most fitted for the end in view. ONE by one the drawbacks to the comfort and convenience of the citizens and of visitors, of which wo havo had to complain, and some of which we havo time after time urged on the authorities under discouraging prospects of success, are being removed. The opening of the Tasmanian Public Library occupied some years in the accomplishment, and there has been re- moved from us the reproach of being the only Australian capital without that pleasant and useful institution, a public library, where infor- mation may bo obtained, or, no insignificant matter to strangers, especially on a wet day, an idle hour wiled away. The opening of the library is something, but more requires to be done. Go- vernment, under the Act just passed, have vested the management in themselves and theCity Coun- cil, taking the greator power to themselves. Let them therefore raise it to a position becoming the management of the Government of the Colony. Books of general information still wanting, must bo supplied; and'the services of a really com- petent Librarian having boen secured, let them, by raising hitn above the condition of a junior clerk in any respectable offloa, withdraw from him the temptation to leave for a situation in which the remuneration bears some nearer pro- portion to the work and the timo employed. An annual vote is necessary to the proper mainte- nance of the library,and sosmallan amountwould be sufficient that no libsral-mindod Colonist could grudge it. While we advocated the opening of the public library, we have also season after season, and several times during each season, urged tho necessity of the establishment of public baths in some convenient locality. We have, it is true, public baths in the market building, to which the public never could be reconciled. The expenditure on them was a waste of money, and wo question whether, even were there no other water within a dozen of miles of the city, people would ever be induced to use the Corporation baths. We have also one or two private baths, to which admission may bo obtained on payment of a small fee, but these are not convenient to the city, or they are not sufficiently protected to become a favourite resort. The consequence is that Hobart Town, whose salubrious climate and beautiful scenery make it the resort of the invalid, and the wearied in body or in mind, is destitute of what is considered ono of the necessities of a sanatarium. Hobart Town, the Brighton or Margate of Australia, may be said to have positively no proper bathing place. Though we have for miles along the river every requisite supplied by Nature, mon has done nothing to render available the advan- tages that we possess. The consequence is that visitors complain bitterly of the difficulties under which salt water bathing can be got in Hobart Town. Some have declared that had they known how ill supplied we are with this great desideratum to health seeking persons, they had not como hero ; while others, on leaving, havo said that they would not return themselves, nor advise their friends to come here, till this necessary accommodation was supplied. Lost season, we were in hopes that enough public spirit had been evoked to supply this want, but were disappointed; and, it is, therefore, with considerable satisfaction, that we observe a movement has been initiated that promises to be crowned with success. A pub- lic meeting is to bo hold in the Town Hall to- night, and the promoters display sufficient onergy to load us to believe that the proposal will not again fall through. Perhaps one draw- back hitherto to the establishment of a proper bathing place, has been too great a relianco on public subscriptions. Many citizens do not so much object to contribute their mite, as to give more than their neighbours in equal circumstances; and thus the liberality of one half the community fails bocause it waits to seo what the other half will do. The promoters of to-night's meeting are to profit by the-exporiouco of tho-past. They ask no man's assistance without holding out to him a coi'titmty of receiving a fair return on what he advances; aud wliilo they propose establishing public baths under a public company, they do it, not for a speculation, but as a public boon. A small charge such as no bather can grudge, will bo suQicient to maintain tho baths in proper con- dition, with a sufficient staff of officials, and also to return a moderate interest on the expenditure. Tho establishment of such a bathing place as contemplated, will much increase the attractive- ness of Hobart Town to visitors, und afford a much needed convenience to the citizens. We trust, therefore, that thoso who havo taken up the matter under so favourable auspices, will carry but the proposal to a successful issue ; and that such progress will he made, that ere the visiting season commences, wo will be able to inform tho pooplo of the neighbouring Colonies, that Hobart Town possesses bathing accommoda- tion in keeping with its other attractions. TUE statistics of the session that was yesterday brought to a closo present soino curious features to the speculative inquirer. Tho session lasted altogether 57 days, being three days shorter than in 18G9. The Assembly has had sittings on 31 days, being four days moro than the Counoil; and five days fewer than the Assembly devoted to business in 1869. The Assembly's sittings occupied in all 1GM hours 13 minutes. The longest Bitting was 7 hours 25 minutes ; the shortest, with the exception of yesterday, being 25 minutes. On only two occasions prior to yesterday did the Assembly sit for leas than an hour. The average period per day during which the Assembly sat, was 5 hours l8 minutes, I being the longest average of any session during I the present Parliament, Though the MMÍOJ) tf 1869 occupied 190 hours 38 minutes, the average sitting was 5 hours 11 minutes ; the average sitting of the year 1808 for 30 days having been 5 hours 9 minutes. . Though the session just concluded has been shorter than its prede- cessor, the business done has been greater. In 1868 the number of Bills brought in was 39, of which 32 were passed and assented to, 3 were reserved for the Royal assent, the remaining 4 having succumbed to the perils of the passage. In 1869, there were 49 Bills in- troduced, of which 42 were passed, being 10 more introduced and 10 more passed tlian during the preceding session. This year there have been 50 Bills introduced, being 1 more than last session. The number of Bills assented to was 4Í, being with 2 reserved for Royal assent, also one more than passed the ordeal of the previous session. Of the remain- ing Bills, there were this year 3 thrown out on the second reading, 2 lapsed in the Legislative Council, 1 in Committee of Assembly, and 1 was withdrawn. The number of entries in the journals was this year 705, being the greatest number that has been made during the present Parliament. Last session, though of some days' longer duration, the number of entries was only 092, the number in 1868 having been 611\. If the number of divisions in the House were any indication of tho extent of party tactics, the session that has now closed would compare favourably with its predecessors. The Houso divided on 20 occasions. We need not remind lion. Members or the public, how many of those divisions were mere waste of time, «ailed for to gratify peculiar fancies. In 1869, there were 21divisions; 27 in 1868; and23 in 1867. The number of Select Committees this year was under the ordinary proportion. There were 8 ap- pointed in 1870, contrasting with 13 in 18C9; 17 in 1868 ; 10 in 1867 ; and 11 in 1866, tho first ses- sion of the present Parliament. The session that has just closed, has indicated a growing desire on the part of the Members of the two Houses to cultivate a more perfect acquaintance, and a more frequent intercourse. There have been during the session no fewer than 4 Confer- ences. In 1869, Parliament had occasion for only one, the Cross and Bye Roads Bill having pre- sented the difference that had to be thus bridged over. In 1868, the question of pub- lic education required the conciliatory ser- vices of a Conference. In 1867, the Sheriffs Fees Bill formed the subject of a Conference be- tween the two Houses, while there was no other instance of such a mode of legislation without going as far back as 1860, when the Appro- priation Bill had to be thus adjusted. It thus appears that the differences of the session of 1870, required the intervention of as many Con- ferences between the two branches of the Legis- lature as were necessary during the whole ten prec3ding.years. Than this, no stronger argu- ment could be adduced against the too frequent use of what is, at beat, an exceptional and un- desirable mode of carrying on the legislative business [of the Colony. A Conference should be resorted to only under very peculiar and serious circumstances. Thus appealed to, a meeting between the two chambers may avert grave consequences, and the decision of a body of gentlemen convened under such circumstances will command respect. But if, as this year, a Conference is resorted to on every petty differ- ence, they will not only be needlessly multiplied, but familiarity breeding contempt, their recom- mendations will carry no weight. PARLIAMENT.-The session was prorogued by His Excellency the Governor, who proceeded to the Legislative Council yesterday at three o'clock. The Parliament stands prorogued till the 26th May next. His Excellency gave the Boyal assent to all the bills passed during the session, with the exception of the Constitutional Act Amendment Bill and the Intercolonial Free Trade Bill, both of which were reserved, in pur- suance of the Constitutional Act, for the signifi- cation of Her Majesty's pleasure. The number of bills to which the Governor gave his assent was forty-one. STUMP ORATORY. - Much amusement was created yesterday afternoon, just as the Vice- regal party was leaving the Parliament House after the prorogation ceremony, by the move- ments of a well-known character, named Ellis, who was one of the Chartist leaders in 1848. Followed by about fifty persons, principally boys, he made his way up to within a short distance of the entrance to the Legislative Council chambers, and commenced to harangue , the crowd on the advantages of Parliamentary ' government, the merits of the Main Line Rail- way, and on various other interesting subjects, withwhichhe appeared to be perfectlycon versant. I I Parenthetically, he gave his opinion on the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and the Ministers of the Crown as they passed him, and | the mixture at times was extremely ridiculous. Whilst delivering an address on the railway, he said, " The time will come when the sun that looks down on this fair isle of the sea will witness a thriving people here. The prosperity of the country will be far beyond what we at present have any conception of, when the steam engine runs through the length and breadth of the country ; then our children and grandchildren will witness Sir Robert Officer, tho Speaker of the House of Assembly-All honour to Sir Robert." After the eloquent old man had spoken in this manner for about twenty minutes, he bade his audience a very good afternoon, and adjourned to a neighbouring public-house to refresh his wasted energies. BATHING FACILITIES.-It is to be hoped the meeting to promote bathing accommodation for the citizens and visitors to our metropolis will be well attended. The Mayor has convened it for half-past seven this evening at the Town Hall. The large number of 134 having signed the re- quisition to his Worship, and the influential character of tho partieB, afford evidence of the importance attached to the' movement, and some guarantee that the project for suit- able bathing facilities will "hold water." The gentlemen who first moved in the matter havo been in communication with the Government, on the subject of the site in the Queen's Domain considered by them to be most eligible, and cal- culations have, we believe, been made with a view to an estimate of the capital likely to ¡be needed, for thoroughly carrying out the design. In view of the utter failure of the well-meant effort of the Corporation to ju-ovklu baths at the New Market Place, some years ajjo, we presumo great care will be takon to render this movement a success ; and that a proposal will be made to formacompany,with a sufficient numberof shares fixed at a small sum per share, so as to invite the co- operation of as many persons as possible, and to have a good representation of all classes of the community in the management. From what we know of the projectors we aro sure it will bo their wish to limit the expenditure to a reason- able ndnimun, and to work the affair with duo regard to rigid economy. There ought to be a large attendance at this evening's meeting to second the efforts so auspiciously commenced. THE ANNUAL REGATTA.-The timo for hold- ing the Annual Regatta is rapidly approaching, and as yet the general committee, who have in former years boen so energetic in making the necessary arrangements, have not taken any stops for carrying out tho grand anniversary, to which all lovers of aquatic sports look forward with the warmest interest. It is to be hoped that the efforts made to send a crew to Balmain have neither paralysed the regatta committee, nor prejudicially uffcctodthe interest with which the lovers of aquatic sports look forward to this peculiarly Tasmanian holiday. If tho committee are intent on making the Annual Regatta a success, we would urge upon them the desira- bility of taking immediate uto ps to fix tho date on which it is to be held, and to initiate the preliminary arrangements without further delay. STRANGE METEOR. — On Wednesday, the 12th inst., at a quarter-past 5 o'clock in the afternoon, a very brilliant meteor was observed by Mr. Owen Meredith at Quamby, near Buckland. It had the appearance of a very large star, and emitted even in bright day an intensely white silvery light, as it rapidly traversed about 60 degrees of the heavens. The meteor, which had a distinct tail, left behind it a long trail of light,and appeared to die out like a spent rocket. A few seconds after it had disappeared, a loud report was heard like distant firing of cannon, or the explosion of a quarry blast among loose rocks. This sound was also heard at Orford, about seven miles distant in a direct line, but no meteor was seen there previously. MORE EXPLORATION.-We understand that Mr. Gould, the manager of the Tasmanian Mineral Exploration Company, proceeds by the Southern Cross- to-day to the islands in Bass's Straits. Arrangements have been made with Capt. Lucas to land Mr. Gould and party at Goose Island or Clarke's Island, as weather will permit. Mr. Gould contemplates being absent some months, and thoroughly exploring Cape Barren, and portions of Flinders Island, with the view to the discovery of minerals. At pre- sent the party consists of six in number, and will be supplemented by additional miners if the prospects prove encouraging. "THE CONFORMERTEK."-This is the name of a curious specimen of mechanism just imported by Mr. Bidencope, tailor and hat manufacturer, Murray-street, intended for taking the measure of the head, to ensure a true fit iu hats. It is said to be the only one in Tasmania, and there are not more than one or two of them in Austra- lia. The name of the maker is Ailie Aine', of Paris, and the original cost 300 francs, but the value here, including freight, commission, and I customs charges, is about ¿14 or £15. It will I be an acquisition to an establishment like Mr. Bidencope's, where, we understand, orders , are being constantly executed in hats of j various shapes and textures, under the super- intendence of Mr. Smith, the head of that branch of the business. The conformerter is of chapeau shape, having a series of perpendicular spring slips of ebony, like the keys of a small pianoforte, attached to the frame-work, and mounted with mother-o'-pearl. Connected with the keys is an index, or register apparatus, in the crown ; and when the instrument is put on the head, the true shape of the head (distinguishing depression or protuberance) is registered on a cardboard or piece of paper by pin marks. The register-card is then transferred to a brow block, which is regulated thereby, the body of the hat is moulded according to the precise size of the head, and the manufacture proceeds. The index part of the conformerter, which resembles a printing machine, can be adapted to large or small sizes. A great number ' of persons have inspected this finished piece of i mechanism ; and as it seems to be recognised . as tho only instrument by which the true form . and model of the head can be ascertained, ensuring an easy fit, whatever changes may be ' produced by the whims of fashion, the con 1 formerter is likely to prove a useful adjunct in hat making. THE CASCADES REFORMATORY.-We are glad to find that the prominence given in our columns respecting the objectionable management of the Cascades Reformatory, is likely to bo productive of good results in the interests of humanity and decorum. It is the most natural thing in the world for officials to resent any interference with what they consider their exclusivo province, but in pointing out defects, and the need of alterations and reforms, the Press pursues its legitimate duty ; and it proves its true power when it stimulates others to n right course of action. We are not surprised to learn that a kind of secret commission has been looking into the state of things at the Cascades, and that such changes are being brought about, as will tend to ameliorate the condition of the boys, and to render theirtrainingsomething morethanlasliam. At present we forbear to enter more into detail. NARROW ESCAPE FROM A SERIÓOS CONFLAGRA- TION.-About 11 o'clock on Monday night, a most narrow escape from fire took place at the house of Mr. Wilkinson, chemist, Elizabeth street. An alarm of fire was given hy some members of the family, and on Mrs. Wilkinson rushing into one of the bed- rooms, in which were sevoral children, she perceived the bed clothes on fire, and the inmates in a state of semi-suffocation. By energetic means the fire was extinguished, with no other damage than the destruction of the clothes. The cause of the alarm was the boys having taken matches to bed with them, and incautiously- lighting thom, a practice that, - in all families, cannot be too strongly reprehended. A STREET BRAWL.-Yesterday, shortly after noon, a street brawl of a most disreputable character, took place iu Elizabeth-street, near the Ship Hotel. A married man assailed his wife, who was somewhat under the influence of drink, knocked her down, and beat her in a brutal manner, attracting a crowd of spectators, who stood idly watching the unmanly treatment, without anyone attempting to interfere, although tho'daughtorof the disputants,whowasawitncssto their matrimonial jars, was loudly screaming for help. As usual when street brawls take place, there was not a siugle policemen in the neighbourhood, and it was not until nftor tho lapoo of raooivmlcr able period that the brawlers left off and the crowd dispersed. CHAPMAN'S WONDERS.-Mr. Chapman, who since his arrival here has obtained for himself the designation of " The Wizard of Wizards," was last night once more most successful in attracting a large audience to witness his startling feats of sleight of hand and magical illusions, which were performed with a skill and dexterity which rendered the " con- fusion" of the would-ho knowing ones, only "worse confounded." The money-making trick, and the ring combinations, as also the wood minstrels, were repeated last night. Mr. Chapman having accidentally injured one of his fingers, he was unable to introduce some of the new features which he had intended' exhibiting, and which will be produced to night. The novel feature in last night's performance was a man, Mr. Chapman, handcuffed and tied up in a seale.d sackful of ghosts, from which, by some mysterious manner, he successfully releases himself without breaking the seal or injuring the sack. This trick throws the Davenport mystery completely into the shade, and is so incomprehensible when wit- nessed that we do not intend to render it more mysterious by attempting to describe it. Mr. Chapman announces three more entertainments during the present week at the Mechanics. ? ST. JOHN'S ASSOCIATION.-The fortnightly meeting of the members of this Association for music and readings, will be hold at half-past 7 j this evening, atthe school rooni,Goulburn-stree'. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE BRICKFIELDS IN- VALID DEPOT.-A very interesting entertain- ment was given at the Brickfields Invalid Depot last evening by Mr. Facy and Mr. Andrews, jun., for the amusement ami instruc- tion of the old men who aro inmates of that institution. The entertainment, which was given in the largo room of the Depot, consisted of a number of dissolving views, illustrative of scenes in London, Germany, Franco, and other countries, also astronomical and comic views, which pleased the old men exceedingly. At the conclusion of the entertainment, a unani- mous vote of thanks was accorded Messrs. Faoy and Andrews for their kindness in exhibiting the viort's, and also to Mrs. Mullin, who pre- sided at the pianoforte during tho evening. NEW TOWN.-On Monday evening a mooting was held at tho Congregational school- room, New Town, under the auspices of tho Tasmanian Temporáneo Alliance, in memory of the late Mc' Joseph Cato, an old and respected friend and advocate of temperance. .The chair was occu- pied by T. .T. Crouch, Esq. The Secretary of the Alliance, Mr. John Andrews, read a paper, which had been prefparcd, Showing that tho do ceased Mr. Cato 'signed the total ab3tincnco pledge at Hobart Town so long ago as May, 1842, since when he had consistently maintained tho principle, and had brought up his family to love and practise the same. Tho meeting was addressed by Mr. Andrews, son., Mr. E. G. Cox, and Mr. L. Lodge, the course of the remarles having a bearing on the event of Mr. Cato's death, and the influence exerted by the hoad of a family in acting upon tho temperance principle, upwards of twenty branches of tho faintly boiug rigid total abstainers. The proceedings wero of i an interesting character, several persons signed tho pledge, and during the evoning some tem peranco melodies wero sung. There was a large j attendance on tho occasion. , UNITED VICTORIAN AND TASMANIAN COM- PANY.-The following report was received yes- terday from Mr. Caruegie,'the Mining Manager, as to the progress-made at the mino :-" Twelve mon have been employed in sinking the shaft ; sink for the week, five foot ; total depth, 103 foet. The vein in the north end.is pinched out ; at the south it is nine inches. There is a vein come in at the back near tho hanging wall, and it appears to be getting larger as wo go down, and I think it advisable to sink some distance further in hopes of a favourable change. The sinking is much harder than it was. I have not boon crushing any quartz from the shaft for some timo. In the upper north Btopo we have followed a further distance of twelve foot ; the total length from the old cutting being 50 feet ; vein about the saino sizo ; but the quartz is looking poorer. I cleaned down to-day, and from 07 tons crushed, there were 118 ozs. of amalgam, which gave 30 ozs. 5 dwts. of retorted gold. EMBEZZLEMENT BY A CONSTABLE.-Thomas Bellanie, the ohiof district constable at Water- house, was charged at the Georgo Town Police Court, on Thursday last, with defrauding the Government of certain moneys, which he had received in his capacity of chief district constable M lioen»o fees, and was committed for trial, 