OUR PARIS LETTER. (FROM otra CORRESPONDENT.) . I July 16. 1870. This excitement of the French for a, foreign war is quite a different thing from that of a revolution. In the latter, political paoBions are-divided; there is fratricidal hate and pitiless revenge. In the former, as iB the case now, the whole nation rises as one man to shake the great affliction, real or ima gined, off. All voices are for war, and though Wisdom may cry out as loud as she pleases iu the streets vot no one regards her. 'No' doubt in their dreams the French see only visionB of the shocks of armies; dogs dream of bones and fishermen of fish, and the military character of the Gauls is as inten | Fighting ia their natural element, peace,but apparently a re3t before re-en g i^emenfc. In Europe France must befirst. -and this position she will never abdicate whil * a drum and a bugle can call her sons fco j:lory. The parting with life ha3 no terrors for them, heud-first they plunge into danger, the. more difficult the mor,e honour able, and truly seek the bubble reputation at the cannon's mouth; 'Incapable to restrain a jealousy most sen sitive the French since 1SG6 hav* rh'affed the sight of Prussian aggrandisement. They hare with unconcealed, rage seen Bisuiarck eating up the petty . rulorsj of Germany to carry out the greatest idea of modern time3-the unification of GO 000,000 people, kept apart by the' selfislinu33 or ambition*, of Lilliputian potentates. He desired to gather the scattered Teutons into one fold undeH one . shepherd. 'r ,IIe*rfia<I arranged everytjiingj it only required 'the old horse, as he openiy-deecribed the King, to. take the fence and clear it.- ; The old Horsei full of mejttle, still, .Without.spurring, was equal to the occasion.. Since that suc cessful leap !in thfe dark, the ITrench parlia ment, the club* orators^ and the press, have never lost :an. occasion to chant the downfall of iParis ' and -upbraid the Emperor with -to,uphold ;the legitimate dig nity-of Prance. "With this lesson brought home to men's business and bosonxB,.a: state' of chronic unrest was duly .produced^ and' reflected, 'in a general instability of ? trade and com merce. It was the shadow-of Prussia that caused all. Hence, only a spark sufficient to firer^the train-a-word to slip the'nation from its leech. . The French Foreign Secre tary applied the match, ex pressed'the word, and' Jiwo.of the most advanced nations in <ayilization-frightfully energetic, extreme ly: rich,- with enormous resources,' settle for the spring at each others throats. France, the hoine of wit,1 the centre of intelligence, with. Her history of sacrifices for human liberty, goes tp decimate Germany, the land of silence and philosophy, the" birth place, of thought, of reform, the country of Goethe and Schiller-and to be deciinitated in return. Draw a veil over- civilization. Let's .alk of graves, of worms, of epitaphs. Let's ope- ? , : ;"Tbe purple testament of bleedingAvar "^ ' In so secretly conveying the offer-of,the Ciown of- Spam to Leopold Hohenzollern^ both Prim and Bismarck, intended' to cist a slight on France: it was so viewed and resented. <;The Prince, to save the continent a bloody. ; struggle,' resigned ilia oau'ule. Here again, Prussia did not go out .of 1 her -;>wayi« to -.be . complimentary toJ France. It was Leopold's papa,"who informed Prim and "the French ? Prime . Minister of.his son's disinterestedness;; and the :JIinister, ovei^oyed, broke through all diplomatic etiquette by hawking the tele gram about and boasting that the honour of ' France wa3 saved 'and peace secured. But he reckoned without his host. The latent burning desire of the natiou and the army ?to cross bayonets with "the'Germans iras 1 "awakened, war must be :arranged-^a peg, secured to fasten, a quarrel on -Pcussii^ Perish the Ministry that,cannot secure this -ancl a fewhours will .gliow.the nuiuber of their days. King William must uafhumble pie that would imperil his throne, or fight; Be must sign a' humiliating bond,: under taking, never to consent to Leopold's being iking'hereafter; he broke faith about the Treaty of Prague, conjure that: before his eyes like a Banquo's ghost. But don't let liiui slip this time through, our fingers. ;when the Army is so perfectly prepared^ the :jcause..just, and the weaih. r fine! The 'Legislature and the Emperor must be the interpreters of the national feelins ; a plague on your parliamentary system t-iat gives ministers'unequal to the- occasion: iJ Recall ambassadors, proclaim war against ;Northern Germany, placard it over the walls "jof Paris; "tiie 'towns of the Empire; "take! Luxembourg to-diiy, Cohlehtz to morrow,' occupy Berlin the day after; finish within our chartered time-three days> Break up1 the Confederation. The villa'iny Bismarck taught let us. execute by annexing lihenishj Prussia; restore Schleswig to the gallant - Danes, whom we left, to struggle r.alone -in 1S64; restore George Y. to his loving Han overians,'John to his,Saxons; set Southern Germany > free, ." and give a hand to the resuscitation of Austria. Such is to' be the programme. i- In demanding Eng William to do-more' than .what was originaliy demanded, France has evoked tbo resistance of the Confeder ation., The Germans are not despicable troops, and France will fight; under con ditions different'from the divided days of 1803\. She has recalled her children 'who are employed in France, largely, as com mercial clerks,and extensively as hewers of wood and drawers of water. It must be a relief for them to depart for the Confederate Landwehr. "The demonstrations against them by the populace were at boiling point. The war-journals had fallen back on the literature of animosity. Anything is good enough to throw at a dog. The Beran^ers of the cafe concerts have given ballads of their best, all attuned to the Marseillaise, and the burthen of which is that the Prus sians will never reign in France. England had the honour of this prediction formerly, then during the Crimean times it passed to the Russians. The old properties havesome virtue still. In a few days the theatres will keep the sacred flame burning by . screaming farces and genteel comedies at t he expense of Fatherland. Paris seems to live in it3 streets. ".Ho thoroughfare" might be noticed up in the principal rues. It is a contagious blockade of-excited masses, demanding war, crying aloud for satisfaction, and the more pro found because-the want cannot be specially diagnosed. . Young men of all classes parade the streets, with tricolors, vociferat ing for war. " Down with the Prussians," " with Bismarck." - But long live France the cabinet of " honest men," as the mem bers styled themselves-only excepted. Its attitude has been epileptical- discretion and indiscretion. Its conduct at'Oncerash, feeble, *nd ' inconsistent. Instead of mounting thef capitol to thank the gods, it "ought to pass to. the Tarpeian rock. ' . -" fittest gaol of treason's race." r The Emperor bows,- to thenation. He will le«d them to tho' glory, and'secure a dozen years of peace, atj home, and the advent of his son. to fthe^throne,',despite :the" gates of France struck by.the Orleanist princes for admission. "He-.cannot--resist "the current of tlie national feeling, so like ,-'Brennu3 the Gaul he throws nis sword into the scale. - - _ -j - The preparations-are most formidable All the railways are occupied in transport ing stires to tho f;ontier, a-3 well as men to use them. "The Moveable National Guard where every man of a fighting\ age must serve without distinction, is being rapidly mobilised, and will occupy the military positions of the Empire, while the regular iarmy is cutting its way to Berlin. Spain counts as nothing in this affitir. France regards her as but the cat's pvw. However, she will be watched on the fron tier. The slruggle opens with' a duel between France and Prussia. The wind is being sown, but how many of the neutrals will escape reaping the -whirlwind? _Italy is sure of Kome. What will the Czar do I it is time to be looking after his " sick I man." If inter arma silent leges be true, it will also hold good in the case of general news. Whore is the country indifferent to a com ? motion in Europe ? How small appears the passing of the dogma of infallibility ? It i9 one Grand Lamamorej it ig qqt so much the official ratification qf an accepted position after the lapse of eighteen centu ries as the declaration of- war between the church and society, and which will in time bear fruit in separating churches from states. To-day we want the clergy oE Lutheranism and Catholicism to pray to the God of Battle, to-morrow to chant a De Profundi*, and in a week the Tp Dcwn. The sittings of the High Court of Justice of Blois-the traniport of the sixty accused from Paris like a chain gang to Stand their trial-pshaw! The Lyons exhibition, and the reputed Chinese massacre, pass as traheeded as tho moon's total eclipse. Give us the statistics of iron-clafls, of Chassepots, of tho3e mitrail leuses on both sides, that promise to end th® war by leaving no combatants to con tinne it." What about the economy effected . in the budget-the suppression of the-" in spector of emigration f" who had no emigrants to inspect. All very excellent; it gives more grist to the war-mill. But vote supplies at pleasure for the army of reserve, for rifled cannon, and repeating carabines. The " strike" at Mulhouse among 20,000 artisans, including the Guild of Sweeps-it is but a flash in the pan. Pass to the latest telegram-the hundredth edition of The Hilvitioh-Vhe plan of the German fortresses the calcu lation when the tri- colour will float at Berlin, the conditions of peace, and the whea ffcrii will illuminate for victory. '. drought? is forgotten liko every thing else. ^. But. if France is able to- pay for her glory, , she can also pay for a famine. In the river skirting Fontaineblean, there is a huge boulder in the bed, now dry, and which has not been seen sinc« two centuries, when the last' dreadful drought afflicted France. At- that period was engraved on the stone, "Those who have seen me, cried, and those who mnv again view, shall weep." Tears are in the acindanfc.: . . . Everyjallowance must be made for the crisis we are passing through. A few dav= ago a gentleman threw up his draWirigJroom T uW' a?d fire,d off contents of a six ohambered revolver. The police, believing the Prnssians had arrived, rushed upstairs, and the gentleman informed them that hii wire had just presented him with a son and heir, and, -following the etiquette ; of royalty, he desired to give all eclat to the event, and wanting cannon, had to pat . roni3e a pistol. F _No one, can accuse the demi-monde ot Paris with having the slightest modicum of humanity, and Dumas fih seems , war ranted in his assertion that this class of are us.ef.nl 'n Preying upon their dupes-a social plague-by destroying them. Do I exceed the bounds of propriety th« mod v "if-' 80 g7eafc 18 the loxary of the modern Paphians, it requires the united >T wt °r 'hree slaviBh fools to meet it! When one has no ready money, a promissory-note holds good; these are discounted enough to take .the paper for one half it represents. Thus niany a promising, boy" is ruined. Schumacher i.a Bruyere was a noted "soiled dove." She entrapped the old Marquis D'Orvault to marry her. He died some eighteen 1-n,C0°8e^uence of bl'B exposure during the trial of a brother of the "Mar ehioness -daughter of a cabman-for an attempt to^ murder her for her money, ihe marchiongss" has appeared in court to recover the sum of XOO.OOOf. the amount Iff ^ b-er by one of her borers -ar.deHaymn-smcedead. Theexecutors dechned to recognise the claim; the tri bunal declared^they were justified, as the b.lL represented only python stupri, or in other words, immorality and shams. iJJ®? 18 an advertising ;sheet daily brought out in this city.. Following oth<* advanced nations, it his.opened, amatrt monial column, and there are no less than ?l'r . widows who describe themselves as iich, young, and good- lookm^ wanting husbands. Applicants must. be army offi cers, and on active service. ' The pleasures of a second widownood* y - In T®1:1??'1®0 pr.ogresssthere is to be recorded the discovery of chemist Bechamp who has1-.it-last found the philosopher's stone m the.. preparation of "excellent alcohol frorn ^ air. and water." ....Thanks to kind nature there is an abundant supply of the :inwmaterial, and if the - pocket apparatus does its work, there will be few benelittad by his genius that will not wish him the. the top o' the mornin'." No' person now has any excuse for " being'out of spirits,"-permissive liquor laws are doomed. "We have at last the secret why 8W a.T and fresh water are so h-Uthful " One. bumper at partingM.Bcjhamp " M-i-y y.our shadow nevor be less " FOREIGN ITEMS. - The following paragraph from the' Neio J ork r; ribttjte .of 22nd June last is significant in connection with the news of hostilities1 having, broken out between Turkey and fcgrpt "The long-pending troubles be ,l,w¥.eP the Sultan.and his Viceroy.in Eo-ypt" are to end, it seems, in war. Russia" has interfered, but not as a peace maker, and, sssured of . the Gzir's powerful aid, the iC'iedive prepares for war. It is well known that he has drawn much of his'armament .from this country, has shipped sixty thou sand Remington rifles, and has more under ' contract, and.- has - enlisted numbers of American. soldiers as officers - of his bat talions... Such a struggle is likely to lead to other European complications of a more serious nature, and this brief speck of war may possibly become, in brief time, a cloud .obscuringno small part of Europe." : Russian-journals announce forthcoming mighty musters of warriors, which must make Aldershot and even Chalons feel" rather small. At least three-fourths of the colos3r\l Russian army is to be exercised this summer in thirty-four camps, formed in every part of the empire. One hundred' and thirty-eight regiments of the line, fifteen . of light infantry, forty brigades of artillery, each three batteries, and the whole of the cavalry, will be put through the course. The first Beries at the camp "at Warsaw^will alone, and without counting the engineers and the administration, in clude 80,000 men, disposed in Bix divisions of infantry, two of cavalry, six battalions 6f light infantry, and six brigades of artillery. A tragedy has jasfc been perpetrated at Casa Tarerna, in the valley of Ufletta, province of Naples. An advocate of Ariano, named Errigo, was staying there with his' family for_ the summer season, and the house having, a few days back remained closed until the evening, some of the neigh bours became alarmed and forced open the door. The interior was quite dark, the shutters having been closed and barred, and on a light being procured a most fearful spectacle presented itself, the husband, wife, and five children being found lyino dead, shot through the head or breast with a revolver. The eldest of these last was Grazia, a girl of 15, part of whose hand had been shot away, and the youngest was an infant of a few months, killed in the arms . of its mother, whose body was lying against the wall in a corner of one of the rooms. The father, stretched on the bed, still held in his hand the arm with which he had accomplished this frightful butchery. The Italian Government has informed the Federal Government that it has sent instructions to its representative at Berlin to sign the St. Gothard Railway Convention recently drawn up between Italy, Prussia, and Switzerland". ; The ? Sultan has ordered that the 5000 Turkish livre3 destined for the/eies of the anniversary of his accession to the throne should be paid into the fund which has. been subscribed for the relief of the suffer#*, by the late fire, with the particulars of which our readers are already acquainted^ The fetes have, therefore,* been counter manded. j A .French provincial paper relates that a fewj days since the Palais de Justice. at Clermont was the scene of a fearful murder and suicide. The sitting of tho First Chamber had just been suspended," and the next case to be heard was: a petition for separation de corps presented by a wife against her husband. A sudden', shriek in the outer hall attracted the attention of toe numerous persons who were'quitting the qpm-t, und.a man was seen -krieelinw , -and holding a woman down on the ground. rile man was ?-seined, and then it was 'Quatv.wiafc the; unhappy woman, who was uttering piercing cries of agony, had been literally cut open at" a single stroke. The man, \yUiie struggling with his captors,' found^means to stab himself in the region ?.of the hekrt/and died within a few minutes. ?lhs woman was removed to the hospital, but the surgeon declared her wounds to be mortal. It appeared that the suicide and his victim were the parties to the separa tion suit about to be heard, and as no pre vious altercation had been noticed, it is believed the double crime waa premedi tated. '"* Intelligence has been received that the Turkish Governor of ffodeida, in the Bed Sea. had descended, with 400 men on the Irencli settlement of Sheik Seyd, near Babelmandel. It was not expected that the Turkish force would do haru) to the settlement, but .it was h&lieved; that they were incitiiig the Bedouins. The French Consul at Aden has telegraphed to Paris for instructions. Meanwhile he holds the Turkish Governor personally responsible. A DOMESTIC IKSURBEOTION.-The Courier de rUura describes a curious domestic insurrection. AT. Dechoisne de Trioqueville, owner ot the Chateau de Tremble, was from home. Ha returned on Sunday, and was about to enter his domain, when his ser vants came out to meet him, and, with threatening words and gestures, gave him to understand that they were masters of the chateau, and forbade his entrance. At th^ same time M. de Tricqueville observed that all waa in disorder, and that his pro perty had been made very free with. Pru dently judging that he could not lay siege to his own house without some assistance, he sent for tho gendarmes, who followed nil* immediately to Tremble. Entering the kitchen, the gendarmes found the cook and valet in an advanced state of intoxica }?on, surrounded by the remains of a feast. .TMse were arrested without any resistance fcut another -of the party carried loaded pistols and was captured with some diffi culty. All the servants were conveyed to tho prison of Bemay. It appears that a gnttaoabw of thing* belonging to M, de Tricqneville had been stolen by this very uncomfortable set of retainers., '" 