Al.TVE IN A DEAD-HOUSE. The San Francisco AMi 1 California gives an account of tho experience of a German who was supposed to have died in tlir.fc city, and whoso borly was immediately romovoil a-id placed in tho dead-hotsaa attached to tho hospital in which he had been under treat ment : — "The body was deposited in a.ease where two other bodies lead already ibeen placed, and between tliem. The cover was put on and tho keeper of the dead-house re tired for the night. About midnight a in id screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was beard in tho dead- house. Tho keeper of tlio dcod-houso was Bought after ; hut, being awaro of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let tho ghosts fight it out among themselves : rather than atteaipt to become peacemaker. I When at last lio was prevailed upon to pro- J ceod to the dead- house and open tlio door, I the ghostly form of tho German, whose life had hem a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in tho robes of the dead, stood before him. Tho keeper fainted outright, while tho terrified Gorman rusliod headlong through the long lialls and corridors of tho buildings, spread ing dismay and terror as be went. Some moro courageous than tlio rest caught and arrosted him in his frantic career, but tlio next instant the poor German fell 011 tlio floor in a fit. Thp physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness. How lie felt when lio returned to consciousness wo give as lie told it himself : — ' Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bod that day tho doctor came to mo and said I vas very sick. Ho vent away, and aftoi- ho vent 1 fell asleep. 1 know nothing more till I voke in de night, and there was no light. I put out my hand, and I could got 110 bed-clotlies, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to vouo sido to try for the bed clothes, and, och, vat you think I got — vy a fled man ! Dero he vos, eold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Thon I roared, and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a board that was covering mo. " Ob," said I, " vot does this mean ; vero am I V Am I ded V" and I roared and bawled, and threw off the covor and jumped- about as if I vos mad. 'And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would -open it for me, arid I thought Iwos ded myself. I vas not . shuro; I bad - tlio' desman's dress-on mo. At last tlic dMj£$pe)tbd, and ven I looked at tlio man vatrtwahedit ho fell down mid fear, and I ran tittwvas caught. Then I fainted, aud veil I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But. it is as true as I urn here.' " 