(To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Sir,— Oberving in your issue of the 6th inst., a paragraph referring to the circumstance of the Revd. C. G. Robinson, incumbent of Tenter- field, reading or offering up prayer over the grave of a person some days buried, I may perhaps be permitted to sa a word: as it oc curred at Bolivia. The facts are simply as fol- lows : — On Monday the 9th May last, the pro prietor of the Bolivia Hotel died, and was buried the following day. I was asked to read the- burial service at his funeral; but having import ant business in Tenterlield, was compelled to decline, requested an elderly and intelligent man, the oldest resident on my station, and who had attended the deceased in his last moments, to undertake that sad office, which he did, and the corpse was committed to the earth with the customary "form" of the Church of England, only a layman instead of an ordained Minister — as is also customary in the "bush" — reading the service. The end of the same week Mr. Robinson passed on his way from Tenterfield to Glen Innis, and then told the widow, on his return he would read a sermon, or prayers,over the grave ;he did so on Tuesday, May 17th. The widow, who was my informant, said it was not the usual burial service, but some other prayers, but what the ideas were that led to the act I know not; but as what I am about to quote is very strong evidence that. Dr. Pusey and his co-religionists, believe in the efficacy of prayers for the dead, and as Ritualism is simply Pusey- ism with its Sunday clothes on, it is very possi ble Mr. Robinson holds the same belief, and that the prayers so offered up were for the dead. My attention being called to a work entitled- " The Church and the World,"' and knowing, Mr. Robinson had it, and that he and Mr; IBMUUIW -Ml-. Mini. I Farrar, the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale's chaplain carried it with them when returning from the visitation at Armidale, I was anxious to read it, and. from- the essay on. Tractarian Movement of I833, I learned that Newman, Kebley, and Dr. Pusey, after the death of Froude and Palmer, published the "Tracts for the Times," No. 90 of which created much alarm in the Church of England. .I mention this be cause the adage "you may .know a man by the company he keeps," however trite, is very true. ' In looking over a letter from the Dish op of Piipon to .the parislioners of St. Saviour's, Leeds, written in May, 1851, I was much struck with the result of Piisoyisin therein narrated, and as it may be a matter of interest, perhaps satisfac tion, to those who feel a pride in styling them selves Puseyites, to know that Dr. Pusoy had a a voice in tiic appointment of clergymen to St. Saviour's. I will first extract a few lilies from the Bishop's letter in reference to him, viz. : — " Previous to the consecration of St. Saviour's Church, which took place in the autumn of the year 1845, a very lengthened correspondence had been carried on between Dr. Pusoy and my self upon various points connected with the de coration and arrangements of the Church. Among other objectionable matters earnestly insisted on by him, such as stained glass, repre senting the Virgin Mary crowned ; another de sign, in which the Virgin Mary was seated in centre, and the Apostles kneeling round her as the Holy Ghost descended upon each (for all of which Dr. Pussy strenuously contended, but which I refused to allow) ; there was a inscrip tion' on the communion plate, containing a prayer for the dead ; a wooden cross of some feet high, which it was proposed to place over the chancel screen, and an arrangement whereby the prayers were to be said either within or just in .'front of the clianoel screen, the officiating clergyman's back being turned to the congrega tion. I refused to Consecrate the Church until I was satisfied on all those points." And in conclusion, I. would observe that there were various 'concurrent circumstances in the present ease which called unquestionably' for prompt ness and decision in dealing witli it. In the course of the investigation, or at any rate, before the date of my letter to Mr. Buckets of the 28rd December, I had the most convincing proof that the system of confession, as practised at St. Saviour's, was hut part of a general system there carried out, which, if allowed to proceed un checked, would over- ride the Deformation of the IGth century, and turn the articles of our Church, into a dead letter. Strong as my con viction on this subject might have been before, I never would arrive at such tangible proofs of it as have recently been discovered. The follow ing is a summary of the doctrines which I now ascertain to have been preached and taught at St. Saviour's within the last few months, ami of which T. have written evidence under the hands of the preachers : — " 1 . That it is the duty of each member of the congregation to go to a Priest for Confession and Absolution, before lie receives the Holy Com- mhi.ioii. .y. "2. That there arc Seven Sacraments of the Church. "3. That the communion table is the throne of God, and the Lord's Supper is the sacrifice of the altar. "4. That none can be considered a faithful minister or' member of the Church, who does not preach or practise the duty of prayiny for the souls of the inilh'-iditals departed, thai Jesus may have menu on them.. "5. That the groat misery of the sinner is losing the intercession of the Saints, and the aid of the sacrifice of the altar (110 mention being made, of the intercession of the one mediator between Cod and man.) "(i. That penance is the means of forgiveness of actual deadly sin. "7. That deadly sin, after baptism, must end in spiritual death, miles? penance be resorted to, anil unless persons confess their sins to one of Christ's physicians, by which is meant a priest. "8. That after couseeration of the elements, the bread is no longer bread, the wine no longer wine — but the body and blood of Christ. "(A statement made by the Dev. G. L. Cranley, lor which his license was revoked and he did not appeal. ) " And the Clergy of St. Saviour's practically carrying out tills teaching, did last year, cele brate with extraordinary solemnity the J.tomisli festival of Corpus Christi. "I may also add, as I. have before stated, that ' from St. Saviour's in the autumn of last year, their issued an invitation to yield subm ission to the ' .I'ope." Here then is the resort of the zeae ami rove or Ministers when ilr jurectkij ; did the Bishop of llipoii tell the parishioners that such deserved a return of love and affection? No, lie acted the faithful part, and before he know the full extent to which the doctrines had been carried be wrote as follows, viz : — " Once more ; each individual who partakes of the Holy Communion does, in one sense, offer a sacrifice to God, the sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving, as well as the reasonable, lioly and lively sacrifice of himself, His soul, and his body ; and, in a secondary anil inferior sense, the act of worship propitiatory, as tending to_ procure and perpetuate one reconciliation with God, through the merits and mediation of our Lord Jesus Christ. Under the colour of such expressions as these, you have been taught that so often, as the Holy Communion is cele brated, there is a sacrifice made for sinners at the- altar, which aids them ill obtaining pardon, your minds are thus prepared to believe in a local corporeal jnr.fnee ; so that our blessed Lord, clothed with his human body, and sitting at the right hand of God, (where wo are taught He is to remain until Ho comes in glory to judge both quick and dead) is, nevertheless, corpo really present, is corporeally signified and offered up so often as the holy cucharist is cele brated. You are thus easily led on to pay the most profound adoration towards the table of the Lord's Supper, which you are taught to re gard as an altar upon which your Saviour daily descends to be offered up ouee more as a victim ; and when you have advanced thus far, another oi your ministers is emboldened to preach to you the undisguised doctrine of transubstantiation. 1: will advance one more instance only of that insidious mode of .-teaching, which lias been gradually preparing you for the full adoption of Romish error. Because private confession anil absolution, arc) in some special cases, and under circumstances, of special limitation, allowed by our Church, authority has been claimed for the practice of pronouncing it a duty incumbent upon all who wish to come to the Holv Com munion to address their private confession t,o a priest, and receive private absolution from Jitiii previously. I need say no more to prove to you the absolute necessity which was laid up.ni me of banishing such dangerous teaching from my dioecse, even although I knew such a stop would indict much pain upon many a grateful heart, nor will it now, I trust, be difficult to persuade you that those in truth are not your best friends who will endeavour to perpetuate these evils among you ; who come and tell you that nothing is to be altered in that ceremonial which lias becil the handmaid to such delusions as these. Your eyes must surely now ho opened to the danger of such .a system ; and you will thank fully accept such changes in the mode of con ducting your services, as shall deliver you from the .snares which that novel-ritual laid for you feet. From the recurrence of the changes to which few were exposed under the ministry of your Late deluded teachers, it will be my duty to protect you, as far as in mo lies, and I earnestly hope, both for your snken, and for the sake of those who" may come to minister among you, that I shall not be met in that spirit of evasion and resistance which characterised tho dealings with their Bishop of t.lie party who lately deserted their Hoc'.;, and have openly embraced those errors lor which tliey were pre paring you ami your children." 1 would here mention, that after the Bishop's, reprehension, seven clergymen who had minis tered at St. Saviours, joined the Church of Dome. Ami now, in 1870, it may be asked, what ad vance has Puscyism made? Let the following quotation from the " Church and the World " be the reply, viz. : — " But if any power is gained in the affections of the people, exclusively of the authority of tho State, and tho voice of the Church is heard speaking independently from her pulpits and Iter altars, then tho cry of the world is ' Popery and 'Priestcraft.' Now the world knows per fectly well this is a mure bugbear. The world knows that the party in the Church which follows the teaching of the Tracts is the stnunclicst opponent of that part of Pomanism which is not Catholic. From tho first publica tion of the Tracts in 1S33 down to tho reunion in I Sun, the battle has been fought for the Catholicity of England, but never for, always against, the peculiarities of Dome. -The touch ing lias tended to tho unity of the churches, but never with any compromise of truth. At first, when the Tracts were misunderstood and persecuted, 1111011 Heads of Houses in Oxford, and Bishops everywhere, limited down those who wore advancing Catholicity, and it seemed that the Church would never bear them, as more especially in the Tract 1)0 ; then indeed- there was a constant stream of converts flowing over from one church to tho other and men were ashamed ; tliey throw all the blame upon the 'Bracts ; whereas the blame was solely attributa ble to the opponents of the Tracts, Immedi ately that the way -was opened, ami in propor tion as it was freely opened for the development of tho Tracts, so have tlio conversions censed. \Ve never or very rarely indeed, now hear of the Catholics forsaking the English Church, simply because now the ancient Catholic doctrines and the ancient Catholic usages have prevailed over all the outcries of Protestantism, and tho Church is full of true faith, comparatively unfettered and comparatively free." From this, we may fairly nrgtic, that now, in 1870, those seven Puscyite clergymen of St. Saviours, who, in 1S5I felt compelled through the Protestant outcry of the Bishop of Bipon to join the Church of Dome, might safely, and, therefore, conscientiously minister at Anglican altars ; and the summary of doctrines preached and taught by them might be considered as the Catholicity of the Domish Clin eh free ir.mi her peculiarities. And teaching when backed by 1111 invitation to yield submission to the Pope, most undeniably tends to a union of the Churches. Predisposition from other causes being granted, what is the great power that now helps so steadily to uiiprotestantisej the C'lnirch4 of Eng land ? It is not the power of the crown — a political power — a power as regards the Church, unbounded toleration to elect to the episcopate ? Now, bishops may be appoiiited from whom 110 Protestant outcry need bo dreaded, and what may be the consequences should a layman dare to raise the cry, it is not for me at the present moment to declare ? but I heartily concur in tho following opinion- expressed in an old Quarterly Jleriem of 1857, viz : — "The Privy Council weary, 110 doubt, with its long labour, is disposed to regard with an eye of s wour those who consider the prints in dispute as of 110 importance in comparison with Christian charity and concord, and unquestionably those who for the sake of peace, give up their cherished opinions, make 110 small sacrifice. But it is by no means certain that those who, having influence to check the course of innova tion, refrain from exerting it, will prove in the end, the best friends in the church. To main tain present peace they are sowing the seeds of future, and to all appearance, interminable war. Tho distrust and dislike of the Established Church which the suspicion of Romanising ten dencies has caused, have spread further and penetrated deeper than as generally appre hended. " Again, I say to 1113' Protestant brethren in the Church of England, do not read this and then cast it aside as only written to cause a moment's excitement ; but think seriously over the acts detailed in it, and the trouble that is looming over lis," if we who firmly disbelievc'tlie ltitual- ists doctrine are not up and doing. , lam, Sir, Yours faithfully, KDW. IRBY. Bolivia Desphuter, August 13th, 1870. 