' SPORTING. . By Old Jobbocks' Ghost. '{^Gympie is certainly becoming ex«ited over the prospects of the ensuing race meeting ; in fact it was. somewhat surprising to hear the many en quiries, on Friday last, as to the weight given to each horse for the handicaps; many opinions were given as to the chances of a good race, and the probability of such and such ahorse accepting; but I must certainly give the knowing ones of Cnmnln /if fharA ArA anv 'hv the wnvl credit for keeping very quiet. No doubt tho handicappers are anxious to know: whether their handicapping will prove a success or not ; would that 1 could relieve them of the terrible suspense by stating positively that it was a success, but it would be impossible for any body else to do so until the owners of the different horses are amongst us, so that we could learn from them their intentions. At first sight, the weights appeared very objec tionable ; and I, in common with others, thought Premier far too heavily handicapped. On second thoughts, however, I waived my objection, and since then have come tp tho conclusion that the weight was right. Old Premier, judging from his easy victory ovor Charlton at even weights, and hiB perfoimances gonorally, at Dalby, appears to be getting into something of his old form, in which case he is not badly treated when carrying under weight for age. Charlton is the only horse that bas to carry more than be would have to do in a weight for ago race. 1 fancy I boo Ruddle rubbing hiB hands when be sees the lenient way in which Grafton is treated ; if tho weight is too much for Prp.miot in the bic event. Ruddle bas a first-class substitute in Grafton. Aftor going oarofully through the weights, I think, with the exception of Grafton and Greyskim, who havo been let in. rather light, they cannot be objected to by the owners of tho horses handicapped, and I antici pate a good field on eaoh event, 1 noticed, by your last issue, that the Mary borough folks are likely to have some good racing at their next meeting, as the three great guns of Queensland,, vie., Premier, Sir Walter, and Charl ton, meet in two races, and tho other events have filled up well. Tbe Maryborough Club ought to hand nver tbe balance, if any, from their meot, to the Gympie Turf Club, as tbe owners of horses would never have responded to suoh a programme, had it not been for the encouragement given to them by' our olub, and having to pass through Maryborough on their way to our meet. I believe the collectors for the races will be round in a day or so ; it. is to be hoped that- they will bo able to givo as good an account of them selves as. were the collectors of the. last Christmas meet. They ought to bo successful, as the publio are not called upon to subscribe much ; 1 nieau to give my mite. I don't liko to see so many hints being thrown out to members 'who have not paid their subscription,' as the members of the Gympie Turf Club are better off, in a financial way, than those of any other club in Queensland (1) _ What is the meaning of fixing the. admission to tho Grand Stand at such, an enormous price? It i ii ii . ? cannot bo that the Stewards of tho Gympie Turf Club intend their Grand Stand to be devoted to tho ' Uppaw Ten' alono. Tho rule, if I mistake not, is to let tho prico be fixed by the lesBeo. Thero is nothing I tako a greater interest than horse-rncing, but it will bo many a long day beforo I pay 6s. to go up on a Grand Stand. A. five-Bhilling piece in those bard times, goes a long Svay towards buying a horso for one's exclusive use. Theso aro not my opinions alone, but the opinions of nino out of ovi'*— '?n persons interested in the races, that tho hig'^r-io of admission is a groat mistake, and one, if the Gympio Turf Club is to gaiu popularity with tho public of Gympie, that must be rectified at once. - r 