AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL. Agricultural operations have been carried on under great disadvantages during the post season. The heavy rains in April and May prevented the propor preparation of the land for wheat planting, and the seed time has ' come and gone' and found us not ready. The limited force at the command of the majority of our farmers did not enable them to make the best of the few brief intervals of fair weather wnicn occurred during tne raontn ot June, and the planting has been limited to the quantity of land which the farmer could prepare with the ordinary strength of the homestead — namely, him self, his boy, and his team. Our English reader will possibly ask the question, Why does he not employ additional labour ? and the only answer we can return is, that he cannot afford it. His opera tions are UBually conducted on the hand to month principle ; he has seldom a note or two to spare, and would rather take things as they come than resort to any unusual exertion. He has no land lord to provide for but himself, and uo rates to pay to the parish ; and so long as the grocery is pro vided for he is to all intents and purposes an independent Queensland eeutleman. The few fields of wheat in our neighbourhood are looking yellow and sodden, and will not return an average crop. The barley fields are coming along with splendid promise, and the yield will be a bumper. The gardens and orchards are looking magnificent, the fruit trees are robing themselves in buds aud blossom to meet the spring, and thc orange trees will be ready with their garlands of bloom. The vineyards has been a source of comfortable in come to tbe small cultivator for many years past, | and considerable additions have been made to I tie breadth of laud under this crop during thc lost season. The pastoral lmlu.-iUj will oull'oi- to a ereat extent through the depreciation in the value of wool ; but the demand for our meat in Europe, and the rapid extension of the preserving industry, will increase tho value of the carcase, and rainier sales of cattle and sheep more easy and profitable. As a proof of this position we may Bay that the ' pots ' are generally shut up. The lambiug season lias com on the various stations in the Darling Downs dis trict, aud the per ccntage this year is expected to be better than last, owing to tbe fact that spring is setting in curly and there is no want of grass. The I country around is looking positively beautiful after the recent heavy rains. Shearing has commenced, i and some of the largest sheds arc already in full : swing. Our Draytou correspondent writes hopefully upon the prospects of farming in that district. In his ' communication of September 23rd he says: — Barley, of which a large acreage is sown, lookB very promising, aud, if nothing occurs to nur its pro gress, tbo lovers of ' ' Perkins ' will enjoy their ' 'pint' with double satisfaction next yc.ir since I they can have it home-brewed. Oats, of which very littlu has been scattered, indicate a heavy yield— judges averaging some paddocks around here to produce four tons to the acre. Wheat is last favorite thiB year, nothing like the quantity sown in former years being sown, but tbe little that has been tried gives fair promise so far. Cotton U a thing now only to be reineiiibered as haviug been ; ninin t.rjml nrpt.t.v Avtj-tiaivAtv nmuml hen*, aim] I found wanting ; but fruit trees aud vineyards have been all tho rage this planting season, and so far as apples, pears, |-1uiiib, and tue hardier species are concerned, all appear to be doing well, but whether from too much wet, or being too loug out of grtrand, a large number of orange trees have succumbed to mortality. Tue busy season ou the stations in tbe Warwick district will (says the JCmminir) ehortly commence, and shearing and washing will be in full swing in the course of a week or two. At Goomburra these operations have been going on for the post fortnight, and several bales of the new clip have been sent to the shippers. This is the first nf thiB year's wool which has left the district. On Canning Downs shearing commenced on September S, aud scouring a few days afterwards. The statiouB of Glcugollon and Rosenthal will commence rather later than , usual, owing to extensive improvements at the ; woshpools of each, aud the delay that baa been I caused by the late wet weather. At Talgai (Mr Hanmer's) and East Talgai (Mr Clark's) nearly all the hands required have been engaged, and the ?haannn aliAfia *\f rutt-li niai/uass «rill Ha Knsttr in sV.ha course of a few days. The lambing on the various stations is proceeding satisfactorily, and is expected to yield a good per centage, the average being fully up to that of previous years. Our Dalby contemporary informs us that shearing will be commenced on all the large stations in that part of the Downs during the present month, and will not be finished until Christmas time. It is computed that on Jim bour, Jondaryan, St Rath, and Chinchilla, not fewer than half a million sheep will be shorn. On Jimbour alone there «re upwards of 200,000 sheep, and on Jondaryan not fewer than 160,000. Each of and in addition, forty men at the washpool The machinery and appliance* for washing an of the most complete description, and when the engines once set fairly to work every precaution will be taken to finish the operations without interruption. The rate sow ruling far shearing appears to be 3s a snore; that is on the large atationsvrhere tbe eoen wiUbeesoploved probably three month*. ThepromMers of aadkr stations will no douUt pay a amaU advance oa the above rates. It is ajdgpatad that sl.Baitiw «ad Trashnn Trill 1m simrmi Ihis ssasnn ia 1hn sj inwtrj dirtrlahvaBd that raAes there a^raJessjharjssaa en the Dewmtv^ The shaarisg to the w*styj«jllga a.a_ ».,. :. . ..»? . ??? .. . .^*« J. : ^JH|^i^ sssMaseasJ ' issssi sMsssassil n* tut JsXMMMKlMMfsVsMeM W WgsWV»-«UP*^ PiJsssstfsss^sV&sk; ^ssss^ssst^sssslK.'ls^sss^ssidjfaBs^sssflss^sft^ UwW^nB&Bsmflm0;&M; tiJssfsn»i»jBMss^^ssT3^^^^M|alB^M»»ljk.~^3B ^SMfiUUf&K;^wWlSSS^:''m wilmisMMiiSa^SsB^mitS^ trict :— AU the baeV l*ktg;e*e mM* sWtriaisMr season ; fwl i»».cimU^ rta|^iiw53ssilttowa price*, oiFiBif to **,q*Mt} JtoMSastvftsjtagtioB ; ilnin fnijii fn i inf. MslnrV jrnntiiUiMr ??!?? to recode to #if #out t^saerMU :'mt saMM is «b» golden iiarw it f.p- the ?ayifWarv ai-d yet 4het» to and alm.wt noted, witW WOvlt^MaseTat the different stations, waiting f*r HwjiuriBf. to comment*;. Let advocates #f iwiapileHi eome on the Daflwi^.lhajfuaM^.sfim ****** almost increijihto vh«B read jaf, feat fcajfe tritbal Aiik-bodiadawn, yiUnjg *ni nrirm te^ath, an camped in groeM, U^fMgMIW* « j^ they coo get from a few liberal nosttstf yhojart adhere I II lil mill iimisiiiiis sssl—i nf«id»«»a#isiis Ode Dalby eusrespondeat, wtftia* on 8m* Strd, says,— While ea the Mfcjwt *f *t|Fan4 jMep, it may be as well to men^«bs*tkea*e*1 SttM at waflabys fto., at OttsaWieabar, lli( 1 1 ?sniliif m Wfd netday, Sept 21, when Mveral ef the'ttWastosople responded to the invitation af Mr MetsW'ttSsfbL The day was a tine one, and MmettarUb^ad of the tribe marMpial «*»??««?« *U, sWaUjrsl This number is about th» aria^e IcBM afcoh year at Oumkillenbar, and yet the aaaaty iar'awfisJi the demand or withes of Mr tuStT' 1 1 MsSraoine whatUlceapity to slaughter these animals In this wholesalefashion, bat ithas beoome laiiiiisseity, for if left alone they would esoa aa iMrease«nat there would be little if any change for the mhaep.' Oa one station in the Burnett -dlstriot there, are, it i» estimated, about 30,090 ef tbes* sreaturse, saS thej arc daUy increasing beyond all oonnt; If, therefore, something be not done to keep tbe maibsritown at CumkiUenbar it woatd a«M '*MMM amasing. On the station above retsrred «e «he eheep have no chance whatever, and have t» hf tegalarly traveUsd eicent in venr cood seasons. In another eommunfeation the asaw eorres pondent observes:— At this time of rear when so many men will be handling aheap — pro bably for the first time — it nigh* be as well to note that animal t^*?rfr*t ia set un known hereabout, as witness the unfortunate affair at Weranga twelve months oraoege (reported in your columns at the time); and «o*r we have another instance of what a sacnearatehflujK lav a man liable to. About two months since a trades* man in this town, whilst removing tampers ijrum ft none, cnippea one oi Hie srnnroiwi aims ngnx nana acsiost the hole's teeth. He paid no attention to the scratch until the hand and arm swelled as that medical aid had to be called in. The. doctor cured the great blotch that had resulted from the scratch, but another great blotch broke out farther up the arm, and when that was cured another ana yet another here and then all over the arm came like the ghosts in 'Macbeth,' and au to the present time (since the accident) that man has not earned a shilling, an£ it is very difficult to say when he may have the full use of his right arm again. Now, such a thing as this ought to iudaee eaatien la those who have the handling of sheep tor the first time (old hands know how to look out), and take care that no accidental scratch remains unattended to for a single hour longer than can be prevented. Even ' ware and rumours of wars' an appar ently not to be placed ia the category of ill wind* that blow uo one any good (says the RockkampUm Bulletin). Immediately after our telegram appear ing on August 31, announcing the rise in tallow in- the London market, a shrewd speculator iu towu dispatched an agent up-oountry to meet a mob of 12,000 fat sheep now on the way from the Barcoo, and purchased the set for cash at 6s 6d for ewes, and 7s 6d for wethers. This pries wse a trite above the expected returns from the boiling-down, and it may therefore be considered highly satisfac tory to thc squatter. Owing, however, to tbe rise n tallow the speculator expects to net a very hand ome profit indeed by the transaction. The Mary River correspondent ot' the Courier says:— Tliere will be ft large crop of potatoes this season. Hitherto few have cared to risk a summer crop, but the unusual weather has induced many to plant largely. The young maize begins to look well. The Sarah Grice, whioh lately wiled for Sydney, has amongst her valuable cargo thirteen pure Saxon merino ranis selected for some well-known flocks in, Queensland from the celebrated stock flock of Mr Adolph Steiger, in Saxony. Tinee beautiful animals have been examined in London by many ooupetent judgeB from the colonies, and were much admired for tueir good frame, tbe lone staple, and great den sity of equally -grown wool all over tbe sheep, being. ' considered the best stock, as far aa these pesata are concerned, ever sent to Queensland. To this. oolony and New South Wales the consumers of flue cloth ing wool will, in future, have to look for their prin cipal supply of the raw material, as tha continent f* no longer able to produce such wool iu any larger quantities. The Crown Lands Commmissioner held his usual monthly sitting at the land office, Russell- street, on September 7th, when the following selections were conditionally approved : — FIRST CLASS PASTORAL William Gillis, 61 acres, pariah Douglas, Too woomba Agricultural Reserve. William Cronin, 160 acres, Toowoomba Agricul tural Reserve. John Death, 160 acres, Toowoomba Agricultural Reserve. Archibald McPhail, 403 acres, parish Haldon. George McPhail, 103 acres, parish Haldon David Peters, 99 acres, Parish Haldon John Lean, 40 acres, parish Geham 