, S.crrr.eapiTb.enx.c, (To'the Editor of .ilwProteskint Standard.) THE CHURCH OF HOME'S INCON- ' . S1STENCY. t Sir:, — This thought has often occurred to me — how astonishing it is that the Church of Home, which hates rnd persecutes all those not in her communion, and declares them to he in a state of damnation, dooeall the while pretend to consist of the followers of the meek and lowly of Jesus, and will allow none to he so hut her children? The Church which excommunicates all other Christian Churches, and if it wore in lier power, would extirpate them out of the world, yet will need assume herself to he the "only Church" of Christ. Such an assumption we might allow, I if Jesus, instead of saying, " hereby shall all men iuiuw uimo ye are my mscipies u ye iOVO one another," 'had said, " hereby shall all men know that ye arc my disciples if ye hang and hum one another. Still, with this inconsistency staring men in the face, they will not see their mistake ; and how is this ? The answer is at hand. The Church of Homo forbids private judgment and the exercise of reason in matters of religion. Yet even, at first sight, nothing can he more absurd than this. How can we reason against the use of reason ? for if the argument itself is good, consequently reason must he a good thing ; and if on the other hand the argument bo had, it only proves the folly of him who uses it. Indeed, the Papists themselves arc forced to grant us as much as we desire. Eor though they deny a man the right to judge upon parti cular points in religion, yet they must and un willingly do allow him a liberty of judgment on the whole. For instance, when they would per suade a heretic (as they please to term us) to come; over to their communion and oiler argu ments to induce him so to do, they do by this very method, whether they will or 110, make that man .a judge whieli is the true religion and tho true church. No shadow of reason can be given why a man should he fit to judge upon the whole, and yet unfit to judge upon particular points, especially if it be considered that none can make a discreet judgment upon any religion until I10 has examined its peculiar dogmas and decided concerning them. To my mind it seems that men will not see clearly when tlioy may ; hut 011 the contrary, (as is always tlie case) go from one error to greater. As I was inquiringly reading in tlie Infallible Guide, tho scriptures, these words struck me forcibly — "And- upon a -certain day Herod arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon 'the throne and made an oration unto them." And the people gave a shout, saying — "It is the voice of a god, and nob of a man. " " And immediately the Angel of the Lord smote liim, because ho gave not God the glory ; and he was eaten up of worms, and gave up .the ghost." (I hope, Sir, you will pardon the digression) ; but as I read the account of the death of Herod, I was forci bly struck with the sinfulness of his sin in tlie sight of God, and could not help hut compariug Herod's position then with the Pope of Home ( of the present day ; and I must say the Pope suffers by tho comparison. And the thought struck me, could wc he surprised if the next English mail brought us the tidings of the Pope's death ; and could wo wonder if he met with a more troubled death than Herod's, for who has the greater sin ? tho Pope wishing to be proclaimed infallible, or Herod not giving God the glory.' I remain, Sir, Yours faithfully, BACHELOR OF ARTS. 