CSB POOR SCHOLAR. BRWIWMM CAHLETOJI. (Confirmed frorlt our last!) bless your lordship! en' many thanks bur gracious reverence for advisin' us! know that it's the blessed thing to [your words.'' Bring over that naked, starred-looking [who is stirring the fire under that pot," [the rector. " He looks like famine it- Paddy Dunn! will you come over here to Lour, Paddy? He's goin'to give you Itbin'," said Connor, adding of his own -^X] the last clause of the message. ERl^j, e tattered creature approached him with of expectation in his eyes that apfcd like insanity. Rod bless your honour for your goodfj" exclaimed Paddy. " It' s me that's in T, t!—Paddy Dunn, sir, sure enough; but, om, fed, I'm the next thing to my own ghost lonlM fow, God help me!" [What, and for whom are you cooking ?" Jist the smallest dhrop in life, sir, o' gruel, iep tbe soul in that lonely crathur, sir, poor scholar." Pray, how long is it since you have eaten Ihing yourself?" lie tears burst from the eyes of the miser- Jcreature as he replied— dau •Before God in glory, your honour, an' in [presence of his lordship here, I only got j. kt what 'ud make betther nor half a male jn tbe last day, sir.. 'Twas a weeshy grain Kale that I got from a friend ; an' as Ned lsj Tnor here tould me that this crathur had bin' to make the gruel for him, why I . led it wid him, bekase he couldn't even beg fear, if he wanted it, an' him not able to Cbj Tjit." a-j lie worthy pastor's eyes glistened with a fcture that did him honour. Without a Id of observation he slipped a crown into | band of Dunn, who looked at it as if he 1 been paralysed. rdiitfOhthin," -said he fervently, "may every ]r on your honour's head become a mould die to light you into glory I The world's dness is in your heart, sir; an' may all the ny Asm's of heaven rain down on you an' >rs!" [be two gentlemen then gave assistance to [poor scholar, whom the Bishop addressed kind and encouraging language;— •Come to me, my good boy," he added, ndif, on further inquiry, I find that your tdact has been such as I believe it to have en, you may rest assured, provided also you t&'niie worthy of my good opinion, that I Uibe a friend and a protector to you. Call Ime when you get well, and I will speak to la at greater length." r Well, observed Connor, when they were •tie, "the divil's own hard puzzle the Bishop me in about Stalin' the milk. It wint tn the grain wid me to tell him the lie, so I Id to invint a bit o' truth to keep my conduce clear; for sure there was not a man 1 us that could tell him, barrin' we ' what he ovghtiCt to say. Doesn't all the prld know, that a man oughtn't to condim itself? That was thruth, any way: but Ivil a scruple I'd have in bammir? the other pot but that he's one o' the best of his sort. i ] Dunn, quit lookin" at that crown, but b the shovel an* give the boy his dhrink— p wantin' it." The agitation of spirits produced by t Jemmy's cheering interview with the bishop pi lor ",wo or three days afterwards, somepat prejudicial to his convalescence. In STl ps than a week, however, he was comfortbly settled with Mr. O'Rorke's family, whose iadness proved to him quite as warm as he ! ad expected. When he had remained with them a few s, be resolved to recommence his studies i q si ler his tyrant master. He certainly knew j nat his future attendance at the school would ; i penal to him, but he had always looked] prward to the accomplishment of his hopes as ! [task of difficulty a#d distress. The severity ] i be expected from the master could not, he 'ought, be greater than that which he had ! tody suffered ; he, therefore, decided, if : to complete his -education under j The school, when Jemmy appeared in it, J ^ been for more than an hour assembled, i ^ the thinness of the attendance not only ' 'roved the woful. prevalence of sickness and i listress in the parish,; but sharpened the peda- I pgues vinegar aspect: into au expression of i j luntenauce singularly . peevish and gloomy. ! nen the lad entered, a murmur of pleasure j id welcome rail through the scholars, and joy 1 amed forth from everycountenance but that j j ihuteacher; i ^ 5tfhen .the' latter noticed this, us irritability rose above restraint, and he ex- (claimed— ... ... ... •... ; Silence! andapply to, ^business, or I shall *We.£<wne of ytou iof-.dennde immediately. | ^P^ool jever.q«an . prosper in which that; wra^fo, cal] e( j ft : poor >ficholar, is permitted ! I^^on.fhl thought j.aarrah,! told you to i WScate and hatch your wild project undher Weaker ^ng-thaniHiine.''.v; «.[ replied- our :poor hero, I to^nfferimer^o^oin the class I left while I '/2 r inother year. l'U be/very -feriflsl canj- wilL'ldo "Von l-nrt vd'f ,?!«aai t*l s: s'.i z.-o jc-v/ the ravage "and in'™™' reptile,'' replied S aid ilo^r ^ T C K t 1 ^ - bUt posed yoursel™ unon Mr S i n r T you arVnrt that is the ™ rf . f V ^ man. I havi no doubt buT^nf ^° nest nearest relation^ di^d after having ^ee^i £ £ 1 own funerals Your mntW ZL wasn'tyour fatberWife I'feCl ^ 1 The sniri»- !f l o r L ! , c o El* i t u bear this no J j? ' JCS h,s 81nevTS stood STlh. ! out m the energy of deep inclination. | eX ciaune ™,,r ^ ' , d J C lt ,s asfalse as ' bear r ^ t ' you ! wicked and unprincipled tyrant! In even'- a 7 sa,d „r y father ' mother ' a » d 1 inends and of myself too you are a liar, from | the hat on your head to the dirt undher your I feet—a har, a coward, and a villain!" | The fury of the miscreant was ungovernable—he ran at the still feeble lad, and, by a ' stroke of his fist, dashed him senseless to the I earth. There were now no large boys in the 1 school to curb his resentment, he, therefore I kicked him in the back when he fell. Manv i voices exclaimed in alarm—" Oh, masther"' | sir! don't kill him ! Oh, sir ! dear, don't kill j him! Don't kill poor Jemmy, sir, an' him ' still sick!" \1 "Kill him!" replied the master; "Kill him, indeed ! Faith, he'd be no common man who could kill him ; he has as many lives in him as a cat! Sure, he can live behind a ditch, wid the faver on his back, widout dying ; and he would live if he was stuck on the spire of a steeple." In the mean time the boygave no symptoms of returning life, and the master, after desiring a few of the scholars to bring him out to the air, became pale as death with apprehension. He immediately withdrew to his private apartment, which joined the schoolroom, and sent out his wife to assist in restoring him to animation. With some difficulty this was accomplished. The unhappy boy at once remembered what had just occurred; and the bitter tears gushed from his eyes, as he knelt down, and exclaimed, " Merciful Father of heaven and earth, have pity on me I You see my heart, great God» and that what I did, I did for the best!" " Avourneen," said the woman, " he's passionate, an' never mind him. Come in an' beg his paTdon for callin' him a liar, an' I'll! become spokesman for you myself. Come acushla, an' I'll get lave for you to stay in the school still." "Ob, I'm hurted!" said the poor youth :! " I'm hurted inwardly-some where about tbe j RRIR „„• 1 01. back, and about my ribs !» The pain he felt I brought tbe tears/own his. pale £ Lek, "I » |! wish I was at home!" said he. " I'll give up ! all and go home!" The lonely boy then laid I his head upon his hands, as he sat on the round, and indulged in a long burst of sor- ; "Well," said a manly-looking little fellow, t whilst the tears stood in his eyes" «I'll tell my ; father this, anyhow. I know he won't let me ! come to this school any more. Here, Jemmy, i ha piece of my bread! maybe it will do yiu j i, r ,, . . t, , 3 „ ., : "I couldn t tas e jt, Frank dear," said , COuldn tastTit'' ^ t i " Do," said Frank ; " maybe it will bate back the pain." " Don't ask me, Frank dear," said Jemmy: " I couldn't ate it: I'm hurted inwardly." " Bad luck to me!" exclaimed the indignant boy " If ever my ten toes will darken this chool door agin. By tbe livin' farmer, if hey ax me at home to do it, I'll run away to my uncle's, so I will. Wait, Jemmy, I'll be big yet; an', be the blessed farmer, I '11 give tbe same masther a shirtful of sore bones, the holy an' blessed minute I'm able to do it." Many of tbe other boys declared that they would acquaint their friends with the master's cruelty to the poor scholar; but Jemmy reuested them not to do so, and said that he was determined to return home the moment he should be able to travel. The : affrighted woman could not prevail pon him to seek a reconciliation with her husband, although the expressions of the other scholars induced her to press him to it, even to entreaty. Jemmy arose, and with considerble difficulty reached the curate's house, found him at home, and, with tears in his yes, related - to him the'atrocious conduct of he master. "Very well," said this excellent man, "I m glad that I can venture to ride as far as olonel B ; 's to-morrow. You must acompany me; - for, decidedly 'such- brutality annot be permitted to go unpunished." jemmy knew that the curate was bis friend ; nd,; although he would not' himself have hought of summoning the master,to answer for his barbarity, yet he acquiesced in the; urate's opinion. He stopped th^t night, in | he house of the worthy man to whom; Mr. 'Brien had recommended him on his*.first ntering tbe town;' 'It appeared in theiihorn-' ng, however, that he was unable to'walk ;, he blows which he had received were then . elt by him' to be more dangerims "than had been supposed.'Mr. O'Brieh, on being;idorpied ofjl^^^ibciqriA'^ jarating;-«Aiy on which they hotji sat, and, ;at W easy pace, eached the tolonel's residence. . ; „ , The Curate was ^hown .into an antb-joom, nd Jemmy satin the hall: J ;the Colonel joined he former an aiewminiites. -He;had.been in England and on tbe Continent, accomfor nearly the last three but ha d - ust returned, in order to take p0ssessi0n flf 3 Ia r ff e Property in land and ^oney, to which he succeeded at a very critih ™ e f * encumbered. He was now proprietor of an the ren T*' t ro11 of which was " H .V hQ ™ lnd , P er annu ®' also master of 'ghty-fi^e thousand pounds in the funds. . Mr - 0 ' Br « n ' after congratulating him upon his good fortune, introduced the case of our ero as one which, in his opinion, called for the Colonel's interposition as a magistrate, " I have applied to you, Sir," he proceeded rathe r , than to ° ther - f t f f l S S S mg gentlemen, because I tbink this friendless lad has a peculiar claim upon any Rood offices you could render him." " A c5aim u P on me! How is that, Mr. 0 ' Brien ?" ." Tije bo Si 7' r > is not a native of this provlDC e His \- father was formerly a tenant of >' oul ' s ' a man ) as I have reason to believe, remarkable for good conduct and industry. It a PP ears that his circumstances, so long as he wa s y° ur tenant, were those of a comfortable dependent ~ farmer. If the story which his son relates be true—and I, for one, believe it —his family have been dealt with in a manner unusually cruel and iniquitous. Your present agent, Colonel, who is known in his own neighbourhood by the nickname of Fellow Sam, thrust him out of his farm, when his wife was sick, for the purpose of putting into it a man who had married his illegitimate daughter. If this be found a correct account of the transaction, I have no hesitation in saying that you, Colonel 15 , as a gentleman of honour and humanity, will investigate the conduct of your agent, and see justice done to an honest man, who must have "been oppressed in your name, and under colour of your authority." "If my agent has dared to be unjust to a worthy tenant," said the Colonel, "in order to provide for his bastard, by my sacred honour, he shall cease to be an agent of mine! I admit, certainly, that from some circumstances which transpired a few years ago, I have reason to suspect his integrity. That, to be sure, was only . so far as he and I were concern e on " • the other hand, during one or two visits 1 ma d e to the estate which he m . ana gf s ! I heard the tenants thank and praise 1 h m witJl mQch ' gratitude, and all that sort of I thing. There was,' Thank your honour !'— U K r us, S ' S ' r! ~ and > V °f oa'vc r' C *a mighty good man n . to J AGTUI, I aud SO 1° f forth. " * I do , not , M ^ r " 0 °hf Brien tbat he ba9 S<d ^ e " " a^ted U p - ^ honour, I heard ^ those warm d U ° ^ expressions p -° n my f Sf^^^rl'r ratitude from the 0 lips 3 6 of T the T f tenants P of f themselves." ^ratltud « fr0 ' n the 1ms of the t Pn„nt s thp,,,. „ If y£m knew the people in genera]) Colo. ^'ff r e P 15ed thec!irate ' "j™ h i ^ S 1 v , expressmns are often f wilf . f vffi ^^- 0^ ^ °I "nin ^ M ' "^'T-' £ onest and inhuman atrent has in his own ands the irresponsiblepSwer of harassing and ppressing the tenantry under them. °The class most hateful to the people, are those low wretches who spring up from nothing into wealth, accumulated by dishonesty and rapacity. They are proud, overbearing, and jealous, even to vindictiveness, of the least want of respcct. It is to such upstarts that the poorer classes are externally most civil; but it is also such persons whom they most hate and abhor. They flatter them to their faces, 'tis true, even to nausea; but they seldom spare them in their absence. Of this very class, I believ.e, is your agent, Yellow Sam"; so that any favourable expressions you may have heard from your tenantry towards him, were most probably the. result of dissimulation and fear. Besides, Sir, here is a testimonial from M'Evoy's parish-priest, ill whicli his father is spoken of as an honest, moral, and industrious riian." " If what you say, Mr. O'Brien, be correct," observed the Colonel, "you know the Irish peasantry much better than I do. Decidedlj', I have always thought them, in conversation exceedingly candid and sincere. With respect to testimonials from priests to landlords in behalf of their tenants, upon my honour I am sick of them. I actually received, about four years ago, such an excellent character. of two tenants, as induced me to suppose.them worthy f encouragement.. But. what was the fact ? Why,: Sir, they were two of the greatest firerands on my estate, i and put both me and y agent to great trouble and expense. .No, ir,, I wouldn't give a curse for a priest's tesimonial .upon such an -occasion. These felows were subsequently convicted of arson on he clearest evidence, and transported.", {To be continued.) ' LUCAS AND BRIGHT.—John Bright,, at ;• Biringham, explained that, <aa the idea of;a disiitcf: prison i for., political, - prisoners; jroahi hart delicate sensibility, political prisoners must, : therefore, herdwith ninjjtns—no matter about' Bd'enb^" liow dost £oa fike' tHjrntew'Sfe'persiiiSdii"" . '""Better/ ; 3ohn," replifed.'. liicas, i than' Pl&ed; onr old Sj^ofcrisy! V- ti'Tig clear tliat'J(flui'is'itiiCO'hveited slall;—I^tlman. 