THE SHADWKLLS OF RABY Chapter LXXXIV.— Conclusion. 'Get your things on as f«st asyoucan— anyt7ay, bo matter — you can throw a clo;ik over you. ' And as the half-awakened maid obeyed, Agnes harried to the window ; but she h:-d forgotten that it did not command a view of the h&U-uoor.; Before the shutters were well opened, the knocking and ringing were repeated. 'Quisle, Dorothy ! I can't go without you— do, for Heaven's sake.' Expecting to see Mark in a few moments— not know ing what story lie might have to tell, or iu what spirit or character he might appnar - her bwirt. which all tbis while, was beating us if it would ci- ke her, t I'ldtsiily, with a deadly faintness felt as if it stopped still. But Agnes was not a lady to swoon easily. There is some truth in the theory of effort. Wheu Bbe and her mud had reached the bead of the great staircase, a servant had Already opened the ball-iloor, and she beard a voice ; it was not her husband's talking in the hall with the oid butler, who was still retained. Agnes descended, stopping and then for a moment, to listen. 'When she came into the hidi, tbcold servant, in slippers, and without a neck-tie, in de$habiUct with a solitary candle on the table, talking to a stranger, who had not removed his hat. They were talking earnestly, it seemed, and in tones little above a whisper. Disappointed and also relieved, she came forward more boldly, and the men looked around. The stranger removed his hat, and advanced to meet her. He was the vicar. Strange was the countenance ef Agaes — the light of her candle so close to her face, and that face so pale and contracted with tbe pecnJiar frown of pain. ' Tell me quickly ; you need not fear,' she said, very low, in a voice thin and cold, that thrilled Stour Temple. She read instantly the Hark look in th« vicar's earnest ?eyes— she knew there «us uews of Mark, bad news for her at least, she saw it must be. 'Yes — I've learned something about Mr. Shadwell — there has been an accident— a very bad one— fatal- -I'm grieved to say.' He was led on to say this by the gaze that was fixed on him. He felt that the least delay would not soften but protract her agony. She made an attempt to speak, it*wasbuta con tortion, her voice did not come ; but she whs pulling at his hand quiveringly, and he knew tbe wanted to hear till whole story, be it what it might, and he told I will not relate it in his words, but these were the facts Two cows of the vicar's were pastured at Wynderfel park. One of these that evening had strayed away, and a man was sent in quest of it hut iu vain. About eight o'clock, favoured by the moonlight. h» resumed his search. Having failed in other quarters, he meant to try the woods near Hazlerfen, which are approached through a glen, lie missed his way, !io« ever, and found himself, on a sadden, by the awful tarn of Feltram. The moon being high, lighted the opposite, side of the precipitous amphitheatre, and those peaked, grey rocks, projecting through the trees here and there, to which Dore, drawing such a scene, would have given the outlines of sheeted grotesques, with upraised arms, stooping from mid air over the black oval of the pool The man looked round, and aaw the black tomb of the unhappy Mildred —like a patch of shadow on the grass, and ' winter tolas' which he had heard of the ' gaze lady' which, as 1 have said, local antiquaries teu us is truly ' ghaist-ladye,' caine crowding horribly on his memory ; and these scaring fancies were brought suddenly to their climax by his seeing, just emerging above the smooth surface of the tarn, a human figure floating face upwards. It was not till be looked hard at it for some seconds that he became certain that the white object which he saw was a half-submerged human face, looking upward against that streak of moonlight which, wavering and flickering in the shadow of nearly leaflets branches, yet bo sharply defined jt, that there could remain no doubt in bis mind— except that the appearance might be one of the delusions practised by the goblin of that haunted glen. Forgetting the cow, and everything but the ghost of the Lady Mildred, the man got away as fast as be could, and by the time he got quite out of the haunted ter ritory, he began to reflect that the figure he had seen floating in the tarn might have been not a ghost, but a corpse. He made haste to the vicarage, and there saw Stour Temple, who, though it was by this time past ten, got men together, and with his brother lioger and proper appliances for drawing the bony, if such it should prove to be, from the water, and carrying it away, set off for the Glen of Feltram. The vicar was very silent during the march. He had a presentiment — so had others— which no one uttered. Through the narrow glen, bearing their ropes and poles for an extemporized bier, silent and aweil, like men passing into a cathedral at a midnight funeral, they entered that dark hall where stands the solitary tomb, and the tarn reflects the stars. Taking their stand upon tint patch of sward on which fell a narrow Btrip of light from the moon, now high in the heavens, they got the ropes in a long loon, round the object which floated at the surface, and drew it slowly to the margin. Slowly, with a sort of undulation, sometimes under, sometimes over the water, it glided to the bank. With hardly a word, spoken under breath, they drew it up, with a trail of witter streaming after, and laid it, a few yards on, in the patch of moonshine. It was the tall, slender figure and proud face of Mark Shadwell, on which the moonlight fell ! The vicar looked down upon tbe familiar features of the man with wbom so much of the pastof his secluded existence was associated, with a vague mingling of deep. emotion anddeep thought. Every face is sublime in death. The whole case is there ; the weakness and thefate. It awes and it softens us. We Bee, for tbe first time, how much was excUKable, how tremendous is the penalty. The tale is told, to which words can be added nevermore, and it lingers still in our ears. We remember things we might have said, but which can never now be said. The writing is finished, and rolled up, and sealed, till the tremendous daybreaks over all. Having given his men orders to convey the body to Baby ; and left that matter in charge of his brother, he himself walked on to Baby, whose inmates were startled, as I have said, by his late knocking. ' Very rash,' thought the ricar, struggling to get rid of a conviction that haunted him, as he rapidly trod the Wynderfel path to Eaby, '? very mad of him to take that devious and dangerous way on such a night.' The truth is, there was no way ot accounting reason ably for Mark Shadwell's having taken the Feltram path, if his object was to reach Baby either safely in such a storm, or ezpeditiously. Stour Temple was trying to exclude the hypothesis, at which other people arrived unanimously— I mean, that the squire's death was not accidental. Knowing all I do of the circum stances, and of that impulsive, violent, and hypo chondriac man, as well as of the intense agitation in which he tookhis leave of the vicar that night, and of the legal measures he had taken to secure the disposi tion of his property, I have myself no doubt whatever, that Mark Shadwell made away with himself, in bis despair deliberately. In the mind of every man who wilfully ends his life, there are, I have no doubt, fluctuations, waverings, horrible recoils, and then relapses into suicidal frenzy, before the irrevocable plunge or pistol shot, or razor gash. Human nature takes fright, and cries. No! with all its might ; and mortality pleads, and the whole man shudders and protests ; and he thinks, and thanks Goi— the danger i- over ; but the mysterious temp tation recurs— importunes, bewitches, transforms him — and he is gone ! The body lay that night at Bany. A coroner's jury pronounced his death accidental, following strictly such evidence as was before them, though every man of them had his misgivings, and afterward his convic tions. Time has passed— with many disturbances, and and adjustments, demolishing and repairing, obliter ating and creating, and carrying on the great story of human passion, vanity, and sorrow, since then. The beautiful Agnes— like a spirit n possession— was not easily to be cast out. She was active, truculent, unscrupulous, and seemed resolved to contest the rights of the heiress of Raby to the last But fiachel had no intention of turning one who had been her father's wife— undeserving as she was- adrift upon the world with absolutely no provision. She knew nothing of that paroxysm of jealousy, acd the cause, which had produced the catastrophe. Perhaps Mark Shadwell's onstruction of what he Baw was too nearly absolute and extreme, considering how strangely perfidious that woman, and how capable of deception within deception, and of merely beguiling Clayton and befooling him for a purpose. Clayton, however, kept her at arm's length ever- after, and she hated him with a mysterious and intense acrimony, So as soon as tbe fury of this beautiful young woman holding Eaby against the siege of London attorney? engineered by counsel learned iu the law, a little cooled, *nd her cold, shrewd, common sense asserted itself she was more disposed to listen to reason, and so a treaty was concluded. Rachel charged the estate with an annuity to her, and she covenanted to trouble her and the estate no more. So this evil angel, bo beautiful and fatal, her mission ended, vanished, and ceased to be seen and heard at Iiaby. I have heard of her at different places— at Paris at Florence, at Spa, at Vienna, at St. Petersburg, where occurred that fracas, which I dare say you re member. Th's ambiguous beauty is clever and admired, and carries with her a gentle gaiety, an angry heart, and manj- secrets. I am always expecting to hear more of hor. Scarlet lip and pearly smile, and softest eddies of dimples ; those brilliant blushes and dark eves with liquid glances, shy and fiery, are still weaving spells, and turning beads, and setting new dramas in motion. Andsosbeisgoingnpanddown, and to-and- fro upon the earth. There are disappointments and revenges ; deep works the ' little billow' of that bosom. The fire is not quouched and she is not happy. Rachel is married, very happily, to Mr. Charles tlordaunt, of whom I know little, except that he is a very good fellow. Old Hcrvyn, his uncle, stopped the suit he had commenced, and the estate has benefited by that forbearance ; but he paid off, besides, a smart mortage. He has the young people to live with him at free quarters, and takes an interest in nursing the Kdby estate, which is already emerging. Rachel will never live. atKnby; it has too inaDy melancholy and tcrriblo associations. Oni! secret of that ill-omened house is, happily for her, hid alike from herself and the world. It concerns the innrdor of Sir ltoke Vycheriy which occurred thus — Sir Uoke, after a short nan in his chair, awoke. He got ii]- and locked his door, which opened upon the luliby. The other door, which communicated with Clewson's room, being bolted, you would have said that the baronet was tolerably secure. There was ft fatality here, however. Just as he had completed the mysterious ceremony of unwigging, described at the inquest by Mr. Clewson, and donned that quaint cap in which he was found next morning dead in his chair, he hoard a step approaching from the end of the galWy. Tho imronet had been expecting a note from Sliss Marlyn all the evening. It was awkward, his night cap Ming on his head instead of that extremely clever wig in which he usually met his friends. Still, he could not risk missing that note. It straelc him, liow ever, that the step might be that «f Camel Sherlock, whftse crazy visit at tho deorho remembered uncom fortably ; and rather to quiet a nervous feeling, than with the slightest idea that it might actnally be em ployed, he took up tho dagger, which in an evil hour for him, he saw shining upon the dressing-table, and then went quickly to his door and peeped out upon the gallery. The step was not that of Carmel Sherlock, nor yet that which he half expected. It was the figure of Mark Shadwell, now very near his door, that appeared. He had intended passing on to Mb own room, but Koke Wycherly stopped him, and invited him in, with what to Mark seemed an irritating insincerity — satirical, inquisitive, which he felt like an insult. In a spirit of intent defiance, then, Mark did turn into the room. ThoBe who mean to tease others, and amuse themselves with their irritations, should be very sure of their own tempers, lioke Wycherly being, in some respects, a man of the world, though, naturally, as Mr. Cluwson knew, a gentleman easily exasperated, could affect good humour where it suited him. But under the strain of circumstances, all affections are liable to breakdown. The cards were there, bat Shadwell did not care to play, and the baronet talked a little in his usual iron inal vein. There are rules to be obseivcd, of course, in thia kind of game, as in others, and I have no doubt that had Mark respected them, Sir Boke would have managed to keep his temper. But Mark Shadwell's natural violence and isolated haMts were against all such regulated hostilities. He became utterly unpar liamentary, and was quickly very much the more pro voking of the two, and broke into insult so direct and galling, that the baronet, with a pallid smile, told him he lied, and at the same moment chucked the pen that lay on the table in his face. The wizened malevolent smile, the retorted outrage, Mark's long-pent hate and ungovernable pride and vio lence transported him. As a man starts from his bed in the crisis of a fright ful dream, in a moment, Mark stood freezing before his victim. The convulsive smile continued— there was something like a Bob, and another, and a gush of blood flowed from the simpering mouth. Mark's hands wildly pressed the wound, and the blood flowed warm and sluggialy through his fingers and over his wrists, and the changeless face of Boke Wycberly seemed to smile at efforts vain as the dream of rolling bock time and undoing the post ; and Mark felt, with a transport like madness, that the work of that blind moment was for him and for Boke to go on, and on, and on, through inexorable eternity. It was the few furious words of the altercation and the crash of the decanter, overturned by Mark's arm, that had startled Mr. Clewson from his slumbers. Then followed tbe quiet, and those rautterings of Mark's solitary horror, which had deceived him. As Mark left the room, pale as a spectre, with the dreadful evidences of bloodshed on his hand, he was observed by Agnes Marlyn, herself unseen. When he had gone, her curiosity drew her to Sir Boke's door. It lay partly open. She listened — she knocked, to ascertain whether any one was in the room, and, dually, she entered. She thought something bad must have happened, but had no idea how bad. Courage was the attribute, perhaps, most remarkably pro nounced in the strange character of that young girl. But tbe horrible revelation nearly overcame her. Even ' in that sickening moment her habit of never acting, ?xcept on second thoughts, prevailed. Bapidly recovering herself, she distinctly saw the whole truth, and comprehended the value of her secret, and stole silently, her brain teeming with horror, wonder, and castles in the air, to her room. The confession of Carmel Sherlock explains the rest. I linger over these scenes. When, business or plea sure culls me northward, I sometimes make a halt at the quaint little town of Baby, and saunter through the grand old park of the by-gone Shad well's, admiring with a renewed interest its picturesque nooks and hollows, its magnificent timber, its sombre uplands, and broad westward slopes. My latest visit was made toward the end of last October. I looked in upon my dear old friends at the vicarage. They are all well, and by a happy chance I found the vicar himself at home. One bit of news is that part of tbe world I learned. An heir has been born to the Mordaunts, and, I suppose Rachel is now as happy as mortal well can be. I should have walked over to pay my respects to the young gentleman, had time, sufficed. But, algs! tbe railway, though an educator, is also a tyrant, and makes jib count our minutes and keep tryst, under very dis agreeable penalties. So, consulting my watch, I took my leave of those loved aud simple friends. The vicar accompanied me in my walk toward the town of Baby, where he had a call to make. We pur Bued the well-known path by Wynderfel. And when we reached the rains, with mutual consent we paused before tbe silent door-way through which Carmel Sherlock had emerged on the day when he was cap tured. ' You have read the old Latin inscription cut in tbo stone of that doorway. It refers evidently to the gaze lady,' said the vicar. 'The more I think of that legend the more curious it appears. I have, in my few leisure hours, been collecting materials. I shall find out something of the history of the two ladies who were supposed to have represented, in other centuries, that fatal spirit. Certainly, according to the old prophecy, she was due, as we said of ships, just at the time when Miss Marlyn appeared at Baby, and then, you know, it was to be for the disastrous extinction of the old family name ; and see what accompanied it -I may say, what was brought about by it— a great scandal— mur- der, Buicide, and the predicted utter obliteration of the ancient name of Shadwell ; and she had the mark of a star in her left hand, also— it tempts one to super stition.' The vicar smiled sadly. 'And I hear at intervals, of the wanderings of that mysterious young lady, with a kind of interest— though I never liked htr — and I (should not wonder any_ day to learn that her clothes were found standing upright and empty, in her room, the form, that had filled them, vanished, like the lady in the German legend, you recollect, who had returned to her husband from the grave. But the sun is near the edge of the distant wood, and I've been delaying you, so let us be on.' So we turned towards Baby, and for a time, in silence, pursued our way thinking, and then talked of the neighbours, and their haps and mishaps, and sayings and doings, till the moment came for a kind farewell. Baby is untenanted. But its wild and noble scenery, tbe picturesque ruius of Wynderfel, and the awful flee of Feltram, draw many a tourist and wandering artist to visit its haunted grounds- These memorials of a more famous face remain, but Shadwell of Wy derfel, or of Baby, a title which wo meet with often in old country chronicles, and which mingles historically with others in the lists of splendour and of war, will turn up no more. It is ' A Lost Name.' The Esd. _ New Hat-siakimg Awabatcs.— It is not a little singular that for some years we have been cleaning, blocking, and dyeing straw and felt hats in tbis colony by the primitive process employed in the days of our great-grandmothers, while for some years in England and Scotland there has been a simple and inexpensive mechanical contrivance, by which the business can bo earned on more economically by about twenty-five per cent., the work, moreover, being turned ont far better by the new than the old process. Mr. W. F Valen tine, of Swanston-street, opposite the city baths, who worked one of these machines in Edinburgh for nine years, has just had one constructed by Parker and Co., of Little Bourke-street The boiler used for the pur pose is the smallest in the colony, although its power is forty pounds to the square inch. This boiler supplies two large cauldrons and several closed boxes with steam. In the first, the straw or felt hat-bodies are dyed by steam playing on them ; they are then removed and dried on the boilers, and when it is desired to block them they are placed in the wooden troughs and in a few seconds are ready to be shaped, being soft and pliable to any design it may be desired to five them. By the old process they were damped with a wet cloth and blocked with an iron, and were thus often hard and brittle. By the new plan tb-y are soft to the touch, and have a fine glossy appear ance, and can be turned out of hand more rapidly The apparatus is a little model of neatness, and when the advantage of the process becomes known, Messrs. Parker and Co. will have considerable demand for the machine. — Mdtmurnt Herald. BbowhBiscdit.— Take three quarts Graham flour - put in one of milk and water, with a tablespoonful ot butter, a teaspoonfui of soda, {and a little salt ; put in a pan and bake quickly. 