A DAY AT THE MELBOURNE CATTLE YARDS. IT ia carly morning-so vory corly, indeed, that prob- ably fow porBonB wholly unconnected with livo atock aro moving ; but at Nowumrkct, though the atareare still bright, though thc musts of : tho ships in tho bay barely pierce tho mist in which their hulls aro shrouded, -all tho population is ouergetio and alert aa if three and tour a.m. in thc morning were thc most ordinary of business hours. Tboro aro two yards, or collections of yards, in tho knoll which has of late years become and been named Newmarket. In sonic delincd relation .to theso " post and rail arrangements" Btands every horse, dog, man, and boy-every cow, bullock,, sheep, and lamb at present doing or suffering in their vicinity. Those aro tho cattle yards-and tho sheep-yards res- pectively. All manner of lanes and by-roads from every point of j tue compass radiata towards Newmarket as a com - mon centre. From theso are 'debouching; droves of cattle and flocks of sheep from every part of Victoria, and from many a plain and forest beyond the Murray Thousands of fat sheep and lambs have come in hy rail the night before, and are nsw moving in from paddocks where they have passed the night. The Newmarket Hotol is.dispensing hot'eoffee, and'occasional hover-' ' ages of a "shorter" ' description, : by the gallon. I "Weary men, with faces . worn. by : hanl weather . and want of sleep, are . "turning, in" for a .short '.'doze, or Vturning out" to";begin tho. day's .work. \ Tbero is no other sale-yard near Melbourne where sheep j and cattle can bo sold. This particular spot seems naturally adapted for tho purpose to which it ia [ devoted, and means'havo been taken to render it tho 'most convenient, effective, nnd accessible stock mart in Australia. ' ...'. '" Nor is tho landscape devoid of beauty. * Eastward,' at a distance of three miles, lio tho spires and roofs of ' Melbourne. - Beyond aro forests, green- swarded, and devoid of undergrowth, the blue ranges of Dandenong, and dimly distant, thu snow peaks of tho Australian Alps. Southward, tho sun lights up the bay.of Wil ljaniBtown, studded with masts and the sails.of many nations. To tho westward all ' is ' plain.' ' From the spot on' which . wo stand to where the southern surges break against tho farms' of, Warrnambool iud Port Fairy, 200 miles "in a bee-line,' stretch tho Western Plains, rarely broken by hill 01 forest. Nprthwnrd, tho cye, ' passing ' over many ti league of park-like country, studded with , farms, and wcidthy in stacks and well-filled barns, rests on thc bold outlino of tho far known Mount Macedon. But .whilo wc are pouring out our soul ia landscapes nnd such iuutilifies, soo. how the cattle mobs an moving on from every lane and by-way; and heading foi the spacious receiving-yards. Yonder lot of splendic cattle havo apparently como right' through tho city Surely that cannot have been the case ! It is even so They are from Gipps Land, and since they left the rici meadows and forest parks of that favoured district hav been undergoing a fortnight's purgatory (let :us bi mild) ou tho worst road for horse and, tuan, cattle o coaches, in Victoria. They tl id pass through tho city through tbe most busy part of it, over Frinco's Bridge and straight up Elizaboth-strcet-aftet this wise : ' After reaving Dandenong thoy prowl about till nigh is well on. Midnight sccs them in the-suburbs About two o'clock in the moraine they arrive at Prince' Bridge. At that hour their drovers feel sure that no even a ghost of ordinary respectability ia abroad. Thor, is no shout, or cry, or crack of any whip, as with a "etil and awful" demonstration the drove is "put at th bridge." , Over thoy go, with a slight shrinking an mutual shouldering, os thoy espy. tho (¡learning rive over the parapet, and bc foro thom tho long, broat] lninplighted avenue. Ono or two of the party are c course ahead, to moderate paco and prevent a stain pede. . , ' ?., " \- Af tor a weird ghostly fashion-as of a procession c shadowy beeves, attended hy the, spirits of defunc stockmen-thoy troop up Swnnston-street, orossin after a time to the great northern "entrance to the citj Siuall is the number of wayfarers fortunately. Coralh homeless and reckloss, gives a half gasp of fear an glides down a laue. Old Stagers, boluted as usual mutters "fat cattle, whouh cattle at tinah time night might hurt sp-pcctable people, Bp- pectable people," an subsides into gateway. Policeman X stops down a airea friendly to thc force. But for these npparitior Melbourne is a city of the dead (pluB gas lamps), th highway is gained, and another mile sceB them at Fien ington, close to tho market. From the racecourso, and over the pontoon bridgo ( the Saltwater River, conies tho western contingen wliioh hails from tho marshy flats and volcanic tra "rises" of Port Fairy. These ore nearly pure Bhor borns, all station-bred cattle, and looking as fresh an full as if they had never left the well- grassed, wei sheltered paddocks they wero calved in. They hav had truly "a good time" in this mortal bovir. existence. Grass and water have they never lacked i their lives. Tiley aro utterly ignorant of tho nature i saltbushos and sandhills, ranges and stringy-bark tree It is little more than a week since they left hom during which time they bave experienced none of tl ordinary hardships of the road. Small wonder thi thoy look ns if they had como straight out of the: stalls in an English county, rather than from an Am tralian cuttle run. ? But stay! "What largo drove have wo hero, numbe big. perhaps, twico os many as either of. the other which tho Northern . or Sydney-road is deliverinj :They are from tho far North, evidently. Men, horse and cattle, have a long- travelled air. Rather wilder i their, looks; very tender footed, you may. notice amor them many bullocks with the long horns and enormot frames I which characterized tho colonial cattle ot r earlier stock ; fino cattle, but needs good country t fatten them thoroughly. Ves, truly, and what Bupei condition must these cattle havo been in. when they le their run, a lliousand mile» away. Aye ! stare ai doubt if you please, theso cattle, now bare inferior to the best shown to-day, have como ovo: step ef a thousand miles-rather moro than let Tiiey coma from the Paroo or thereabouts, in clo contiguity to tho Warrego and the Bogan, across tl Queensland border. I nm not quito certain whether Beyond the rainless Barwon, Beyond tho red Barcoo ; but as. tho Mulligan said "down there"-apleasai district, which may be described os being "about thousand miles from everywhere." How many a loi night and weary day munt the fellows in charge ha' passed since thoy left their desert home 1 ' What paradise!-what au abode of tho - blest; does tb Newmarket, with the briny air from the bay and tl cool green tints of the ryo gross and clover paddock appear to their way-worn souls. Only let them get tl drafting over and happiness unalloyed, inexhaustibl sots in that very moment. Hcigho ! we are bordcrii on tho sentimental sida of the spur and - stockwhi reminding us of tho tuno When the hardest day was never then too hard. How, how many cattle havo wo altogether? Let' count-200 Gippslauders, 150 from Port Fairy, G from tho Paroo, 180 very nico cattle (b'ght weight from tho Upper Murray, just brought in by youl Fitz Beanstalk-his party consists of two native la and a blackfellow ; some small lots of paddock catt make up the total, which reaches 1200 head. ,v One wonders how all theso cattlo aro accurate divided and placed in separate pens before two o'clo in tho afternoon on this very day, and whether mixi and coufusion do not soiuotimes occur. Nothing of t lund takcB place. Tho receiving-yards aro large ai distinct. Long Innes, with rows of pens neatly gate próvido nil requisito facilities. Tho' whole affair conB true ted with reference to the newest lights of cati Bcience, and ia massive, macadamized, well draine and well managed. But are not some yards and pens more advantageout situated than others? Granted. But all this class difficulties has been foreseen, and provided for. T stack agents to whom tho cattle are consigned dn lots for places before their arrival.1 Town drovers their pay are dispatched to meet each drove, to infoi . tho person in charge of tho exact yard and pens whian he is entitled, and to point out the best way : Then. on. arrival'.' all goes smoothly. .There is : wrangling, confusion, or injury to stock possible. Ea knows1 his. appointed pince, and tho men go on wi the work of drafting uninterruptedly, having all readiness by tho appointed hour( . Twelve o'clock. ? Long oro' that hour, hor meuj cabs,' buggies, i and traps' generally ; to bo seen lining the well-macadamized roi rather under three miles in length, which lc: from central Melbourne. Tho visitors aro "hum warioua." Shepherds and salesmen, butchers and ev seers, stockmen and cattle- dealers, squatters, wi occasionally a merchant (come ; to see how the, ste look from that Burrabunda ' station in which our fi ; has an interest-yes. Sir !) make up tho crowd. . Thi is much diversity of aspect and bearing among 1 I butchers: Some are" manifestly prosperous, soi Satently seedy. Herc is a brother of the guild in the t itionary blue raiment : there a quietly dressed pers< who might bb a banker or a town-abiding squatter I all that appears to the contrary ; ono drives a whi chapel cart with a brr-ken down trotter; anotl canters up on a.'; ¿over hack, being a pretty c< stant and stratgbt^oing member of tho Hunt Oil However different in garb and manner, they ure toi ably alike in -tho keen scrutiny which thoy bestow ur the various pens, far the market has been "ba: fora week or two past, and the "men of flesh' a blood" aro short of stock, and what ' the salesmen c "hungry." ^ . The wholo place is Uko a fair. Everyone'who wai stock knowB full well that at no other placo can he so well suited. Butchers abd dealers from Ballar Sandhurst, and many another inland town, thero," knowing by experience that' they can' buy nil profitably than at their own doors, ' 20,000 sheep s 3000 or 4000 lambs aro in the sheep-yard, principally pens containing fifty. Hero you have your choice Lincolns, Leicesters, Cotswolds, and South Dow with their crosses, from tho evergreen pastures of I west. Skipton merinos, tho famed flocks of Larra n Eicildoun ure there represented. Puro Camdens (1 Hawk-oyc, without a cross) froui Mount Hope, bcsii large-framed wethers in thousands, from Echuca 1 night, from Riverina, from beyond tho Murrumbidg beyond tho Lachlan. Everybody's sheep aro he from Thomas Jackson's twenty ewes to Mr. M'lntyi .'5000 wethers. Shepherds, long-haired and grizz bearded, from the inmost deserts, appear in t quarter, strange and wondering of aspect, feadingcoU of inestimable value. Town drovers, also, with tb dogs, hrisk, alert, confident familiar with tho see: Wool is overywhero ; while barking and bleating sci to bo tho only recognized dialects of tho dcpartiuci Squatters and overseers ara in forco round tim cat yurdB._ Tho former are present to enjoy thc sensati »f seeing their " top pens" run up, before their oy to fancy prices. These aro chiefly of the jeunesse dc of the order, the seniors knowing by experience tl their presence will net »Her the law of demand and supply. The overseers have mostly "comedown in charge," and have a feeling which prompts them tb see tho last of tho animals which they "have perhaps driven so many a weary mile 'with a patience and tenderness hardly to be exceeded if they had been their own transformed brothers and sisters. It is gratifying to their feelings to Bit on, the roils and seo all .this self denial bear fruit iii high prices, though very galling to mark a vagabond butcher's . boy, wholly destitute of fine feeling, taking theso. cherished animals to the abattoirs ' at full trot, cracking his whip behind them as if they, were mallee scrubbers. ', By , previous' : arrangement, at 12 precisely Mr. Flahorty mounts, tho rails;. to sell tho Paroo cattle. With a winning sinile| a'persuasivo glance, and an air of Arcadian truthfulness which impress even the hard ; encd butohcrs, that accomplished agent commences :_ "Gentlemen : Before I, offer tho first pen of tho splendid draft of cáttlo you «co before you, allow mo a few w-ords of explanation. (.' I nm fully aware that i before suoh an array of judges moro words of praise go for nothing-for less than nothing! But I feel that I Bhould bo neglecting my duty did I fnil to draw your attention to the very uncommon circumstances- highly advantageous to you,' os buyers-under which these cattle come beforo you. .'. Do not they remind you, gentlemen, of the pleasant times of the good I old days,. when we were all younger 'men, better riderB, and jollier follows than we are now! : (Here tho speaker's accent was so benign and touching that a murmur of approbation and faint denial arose.) In those days, gentlemen, tho cattle Wero larger and heavier than any that wc find in these. I see you agree ; with me. Wo have all legrctted that tho immense frame ¿nd extraordinary weights which we used to see . and hear of, wero becoming things of the past. Cattle are not allowed time to grow in these days, or to fatten properly after thoy have grown. I nm hereto-day, gentlemen, to offer you a draught of bullocks, equal to :' anything that I ever recollect. Look at them, Hav, ' we had anything hero to compare with them of lute! . Talk of being fat-these cattle havo been fat and ripe foi < two years. And (most impressively, even solemnly] I gentlemen, its ull in them now. They may appear ti j have fallen off a littlo on tho road-perhaps a little loose' fat may have rubbed off. But thoy hav< been carefully, I may say wonderfully, travcllei I by my friend Mr. Brigalow here. Thoy aro ns quiet ai ! milkers ; and for the number, taking ripeness, age I size, weight, and quality, I firmly believe that such i I lot of. cattlo nover entered the yard ! What shall wi ! say, then, for the first pen V" j Whether Mr. Flaherty's peroration added much t< tho account Bales wo havo no moana of knowing j Probably tho pens sold nono the worse for it, as fron i his eloquence on tho state pf tho market they averaged i tho hignly satisfactory price ot L9 odd. Tho Gipps Land cattle como next. They are amalle; j than their predecessors, but very prime,, as level a ! peas, have fallen off but little; and that they ar I ' good all round" is known by previous experience ti ! every habitue of the yards. They pass off quickly an< ! merrily at a price which just bouts the Paroo division 1 but not by much. Tho Upper Murray cattle, whicl i are neat aud good, hut light, bring about L7 all round i Last come tho Port Fairy, cattle. They aro incon tcstably the best in on this particular day, and buzz of approbation and excitement is heard as a salct ; man, not much renowned for oratory, clambers u and begins i " Now then, you butohcrs ! do ye think you kno' ' the XYZ brand. Strikes mo you've seen it before ! and paid for it too, os very Uko you will to-day. The haven't como very far, and I don't know as ihey'\ foll away much. . If they have, they must ha' bee ! quick aboutit, for.they only left their camp yesterda week.. I'm going to keep the fancy pen till las BO give 'em a start and don't koop mo waiting." The fourteen pens wero not long unsold, after th laconic address, which was responded to with chec and laughter. " Go it, Billy ;" " Welt done, ol man ;" " Well run you for Melbourne West next tin there's an election," were remarks thatjeaught tho ear tho last criticism being " Suro he'd innko an elega apacho only for the inurdthering cowld he has." Now conies tho crack pen, and certainly_ they a regular " plums," as tho stookiuen say. Fivo roar three reds, and two white bullocks ; thoy woro " fit bring the tears into your eyes," as an elderly drov declared. If they wero not puro shorthorns, t stain of inferior (blood was very faint and very remo! Bar tho very cream of prize cattle, they were a mat for any British ahorthorns, and tho ijraas-i cattle in h tc world. " Now, boys, drivo on Bnid tho man of few words,-whoso are th goiug to bo ? " Ten pounds -that bo hange eleven- twolvo - thirteen ton - ton - ten-fourtce: Jones has 'em ; fourteen-fourteen. Well done c Twist, they're your sort, oi'nt thoy 1-Fourteen ten ten-ton. Did'nt think you'd bo beat off like thi Twist." "Fifteon," roars that apoplectic tradesmt purple with jealousy and wrath. Jones declines t pecuniary duello, und the hammer falls. . It oint su abad average, confesses Mr. Crab- eloven pound t all round ! . , ' Tho sales aro over : 1200 cattlo have passed t hammer, and 20,000 sheep havo been sold privatoly. no case aro there moro thnii two sale days in the wee and then only when one day is insufficient to clear i the stock. Next day accounts aro furnished and f cash paid over. Every tiling has been conducted wi wonderful dispatch, and with a fairness and openne whjch leave nothing to bo desired on the part of bu; or of seller. Everyono is satisfied that according to the state the market tho exact price current has been given a received. Each purchaser has had au opportunity inspecting, cheaply ánd'conyenicntly, tho .wholo of t stock furnished by a vast extent of pastoral count: He has had nn opportunity of purchasing nt first liar the exact quality and quantity suitable to his wan There. is no system of middlemen. The huuibli butcher, if solvent, can buy his pen bf sheep or .cat as independently os tho owner of twenty shops. I Fitz-Beanstalk is ns well satisfied with his LT, os 1 owner of the X.Y.Z.'s, with his LU-for tho sa reason, he hos got tho fair market price. All is finished, and the necessary beer having bi imbibed, cabs load up, . fast trotters in buggi emulous, toko tho road, which looks like a section tho return from tho' Derby,-and "a day at i Melbourne cattle-yards" is over. . 