TELEGRAPH1IC DESPATCHES. [rY suonMAINE OALE.lJ (Fro? our owon Correspondent.) MELBOURNE, WEDNESDAY, " Sailed.--Dawn and Sea .Bird for Hobart Town. - A' Supply Bill for half-a-million has passed both Houses. The. Daeie, 7 st. 7'lb., is greatly favoured 1 for the Australian Cup, to be run for' oni' lFriday, the first day of the Autumn V. R. C. cmeeting.. Charon fell, after taking a gallop to day, and hurt himself so much that he is supposed to be dying. Power, the bushranger, is reported as hav ing been captured. Harris has again challenged Hewitt. The market is very dull. The priceof flour is nominally £11, but no transactions are taking place. Sugars are easier.. DeGraves and Co. have completed arrange ments for carrying on business as before. SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY. The steamship City oflHobart is detained in port by a heavy gale. .She may sail in the course of the afternoon. SCHIE INSPEOTOR UNDERa TUB SOAn AcT. The heon. James Whyte has been appointed Chief Inspector of sheep under the Scab Act, and a vacancy having thus been created in the representation in the 'Legislative Council, of the Electoral District of Pembroke, a writ has been issued for the election of a member for- the vacant seat. ' The nominations of candidates will be received from' Friday, the 11th inst., till Tuesday, the 15th; and should more. than>one candidate be nominated the poll- will take place on: Monday, the 21st inst. Mr. Whyte, .we- belive, intends to 'offer himself for re.election by his" former constituents,' but as there seems to be a strong feeling amongst them that an offioial, such as Mr. Whyte now is,' should not have a seat in Parliament, he is likely toy Smeet with a determined opposition. a- ' CORNWALL AXILItAnY BIans SOCIETY. ?:.The annual meetings of this Society at Perth, SLongford, Evandale, Westbury, Deloraine, Sandilthe North West Coast have been post poned until next month. WINDrFALLs ' ESTATE.-This fine estate, the property of E. A. Harrison, Esq., is 'adver tised for sale; Mn. A. Aenunson.-We have been rei quested to state that, owing to unforeseen cir 'aemstances, the concert advertised by Mr. A. Anderson for this evening has been postponed. "The chief reason for the postponement is the inability of the amateurs to render assistance, t , "tCr. Anderson purposes giving some piano forte reoitala.in. at few daye, due notice of " ~hohiWll be advortlised. Gnei a USE OP TUE. v 0 RNOR'S BOAT. A?city ' rab named Johl SBnoN ,ith, his t brother-a .,clild seven years of age-wan- c 'dored" into the Government Gardens, Hobart i Town,' last' Saturday afternoon., Noticing i the 'Governor's pleasure boat lying moored to t the bank of the, river; it seems to have t occurred' to' master Johnny Snow that a pull i down the river would be a very agreeable c occupation.. The absence of his Excellency at Launceston, and the consequent improba- a bility of the boat being required by any one c elso, no doubt helped to'determine his course I pofaction ,He jumped into thelbiarkwith his brother and commenced pulling down the .," river, :like .'a' yfoiung waterman. Unfortunately, , howeverr,? for ; 'Johnny, t he :was. perceived 1,y';some , of .the 1 lynxesyed guardians of, the ,Vice-regal resi dance,, and, another, boat ,was quickly, des- t patched in puirsit. ,By ,this,time ourinter eting little, Alrba ladgpot aconsiderable dis. tance don' thie flyer, and as it was a stern chase, and therefore.a long chase, itwas some t time before they were overhauled., Johnny a was'ignominiously coiisihgnd to durance vile, c and brought up a? 'the Hobart Town Police t Court on M2ondcy,l charged witl? being on'the premises 'of Government House' for an un lawful 'purposo'. Having: bedri: caught en lagrante dilscto, Ithe prisoner very wisely pleaded gurilty.: Hie was sharply'~iprimninded by theo presiding 'magistrate, and discharged, as the news'paper eports?ayS, !iwth a caution to bo' aioi:''pari?cuhir" 1s"to the places he visited." : . . tINsoLyErr; Cop?z,-Notwithstanding t that to.:da is: spublli hIoliday, the 'Insolvent Court will be held in the Commissioner's Chambers, susual, this morning, .at eleven o'clock. The only cases set down for hearing are-T. W. Field, ,of 'Westfield, gentleman, adjourned meeting;, and Charles Englobert, senri, of (aoipbell Towhn, licnsed victualler. THE MINISTERIAL TRIP.—Lest any dissatis- faction should exist in the minds of share- holders in the Launceston and Western Rail- way respecting the Ministerial trip to Longford last Monday, it may be as well to state that his Excellency the Governor and the Ministry were not invited by the Direc- tors. The Secretary to the Company received an intimation from the Executive that, if possible, they would like to inspect the line as far as completed, whereupon Mr. Dowling called a meeting of the Directors, and it was agreed to comply with the request. THE CAPTURE OF NUTT.—We are informed by "anu eye-witness'. that when Nutt, alias '] White, a run-away prisoner 'from. Hobart b Town, was captured at Hadspen last week, I Constable Lynch, of the Westbury Constabu- a lary, rendered valuable assistance. LAUNCESTON AND WESTERN RAILWAY.—On Tuesday the Finance Committee of the Laun- ceston and Western Railway Company had an interview with the Premier relative to a matter which had been the subject of cor- respondence for some time past between the Directors and the Government. We believe the matter was not one of more than ordinary importance, and that no decision was arrived at which affects the public in the slightest de- gree. THE NEW MUNICIPAL TREASURER.—At the meeting .of the Municipal Council on Tues- i day afternoon four applications for the office of Treasurer, vacant by the lamented death of Mr. Gladman, were received.: On balloting for the candidates, Mr. Thomas Gladman, son t of the late Treasurer, received eight votes, and was declared duly elected. Ald. Ranson de olined to vote. The other candidates were, Messrs. John Sinclair, Bruce R. Harvey,. and Joe Firth. Pmn HoLvAYr.-To-day, being the seven th anniversaryofthomarriage of H.R.H. thePrince of Wales to Princess Alexandra of,Denmark, has been proclaimed a public holiday by His Excellenoy the Governor. All the public offices, bank., so'lools, and most of the places of business will be closed. Under theauspices of -the cogregation'of St., Andrew's Church, the steam-tog Tamar will make a trip to George Town, starting from the Queen's Wharf at 7 a.m. La?Rn?.-In Saturday's issue we published some remarks with reference to' a cheque for B.5 being lost bya gentleman, and of its being' subsequently brought'to one of the banks by a little girl,' but not detained. It was then stated, that any person detaining the cheque would 'be liable to presecution op a charge of larcency by finding. Yesterday a woman named Mary Marley was charged at the Police Court with this offence, and remanded till Fri day. 'We unidorstand she tendered the obeque at Mr. Riohards's draper's shop in payment forsome goods, receiving £2 change. CoasusnoAr. BANS?.-We are informed that the Commercial Bank have purchased from Reibey's trustees two adjoining allotments ,of land ins Patterson-.street,'. nearly opposite the Poest Office, with the view of erecting thereon suitable bank premises." :' The allotments have a frontsgeof 67 feet, with a depth of 123 teet. CnRUELTY TO AmrIALS.-A case came before the Police Magistrates on TYuesday in which two boys were charged with cruelly ill-treat ing a horse by striking it over the head with a stick, and burning it by placing fire under neath it. It is well-known that persons do resort to the revolting means of lighting a fire under a jibbing horse in order to compel him. to move, bst such a piece of heartless cruelty should be punished most severely whenever it is discovered. It is also quitea common co currend to see a driver strike his- poor. dumb beast over the head with his whip, and although this is not quite so bad as the burn ing of a horse, yet it should never be counten anced., What makes the present case more intolerable than others is the fact that these inhuman acts have been perpetrated' by boyse -lads of about 15, who-are old- ecough to know-better, and young enough to be peao. aessed of feelings which should prevent them from being guilty of anch heartless pieces of wickedness. The Bench ordered the lads each to pay £39s 6d, or go to gaol for a fortnight -punishments anything but heavy for the offences committed. .BoARD or EnroAro?r.-At a meeting of the Board held at Hobart Town on Tuesday, a petition was presented from a number of young ladies (pspil teachers, and ex-pupil teachers) praying the Board to exempt them from attending the drawing and singing classes, held on Saturday afternoons. The petition was referred to the drawing and einaging master, the opinion of the Board being that they should not be compelled to attend these classes. Tuni Vica-anEAR. Vxsrr To Tn NoRMn. On Monday afternoon, his Excellency the Go vernor, with Mrs. Do Cane, and C. M. Chi chester, Esq., Private Seeretary, were driven by Archdeacon Reibey in his carriage from Enoally to Deloraine, where the party arrived F in the evening. From Daloraiae they proceed to the North-weat Coast. DESTranTION o -FIsu.--At the Ist sit ting of the Municipal . Council the subject p of the lestruction of young fish in the a river by ,the fishermen was discussed, and it was determined to refer the matter' to it the Parliamentary 'Committee with a view ! to obtaining an Act which would allow fishing to be carried on only within pres- t cribed limits, and reserve a portion, of the a river as a breeding ground. Should the pre sent wholesale manner of fishing the rivet' be carried on much longer it may confidently a, he expected that certain descriptions of fish G will be exterminated. A "Doda~BL EVE T.."-A rather, sudden G disappearance of two blooming servant girls i took place on Tuesday from a certain well- tc known hotel in town. It has since been p discovered that they went off by the steamer 2t to Melbourne under the protection of two gentlemen, who, during their sojourn in h Launceston, thought so highly of the Tas. n manian girls that they made up their minds 11 to take samples back to Victoria. , Whether p' a trifling little ceremony, with which a clergyman and a ring are popularly supposed c to have some connection, was gone through F previous to the flight is not positively known. Wj WAerTINo WArTs.-SSOme people have ab decided objection to taking advice although h good may result from their doing 'so'" It is I notlong since we gave a few words of friendly t warning on the subject'of wasting water, and a had this advice been followed we should hare t had one case less at the Police Court' yester- a day, and one gentleman would have been £1 a 7s Gd better off than he is at present. But, no, a the water was allowed to run to waste, and ct the result was the offender was fined £1 with a 's 6d costs atthePoliceConrt yesterday. Again weremind our readers that the long dry sea- T son has tended to shorten our supply, and onless people are more careful of the water I there will not be sufficient to supply our t friends on the hills. , Lsor?TW.--The Rev. D. Allen, who deo livered a lecture 'the other evening in the as York-street Baptist Chapel on "Baptismal a Regeneration, it use, Its nature, and its con- g sequences," announces that in a' few days he p will deliver another lecture; this time 'on t "Baptismal Regeneration not intendedhby the a compilers of the Prayer Book." Onan aon Dy1rprssA.-A dyspeptio cor respondent of the Lancet recedrdsetbe result A of a successful experiment on himself. He had I long suffered from the effects ;of indigestion, which medicines relieved, but failed to cure. p The substitution of plain ship bisecuit for soft It bread has given rise to great improvement. In He thinks that ship biscuit will be found, dietetically speaking, very superior to bread i prepared with yeast in cases of weak digestion. n EssAY oN SCon I? Snasx.-We have to a acknowledge receipt of a copy of "An Essay on Scab in Sheep:" by Edward M.. Curr, Chief Inspector of Sheep in Victoria, re- d printed by order of the Government of Tas- P mania.- This is a prize essay on' the subject for which the um of £150 was awarded. Mr. Carr asserts that the annual loes to the h colony of Victoria arising from this disease in sheep at £502,000; and enters very fully into the causes, symptoms and pathology of scab, as well as the best manner of treating I it. He recommends the tobacco and sulphur sheep dressing compound as a true' specific. This consists of an infusion in water of good sound manufactured tobacioi'and sulphur in the proportion of one pound of each to five gallons of water, and gives instructions for its preparation and use. The last chapter is devoted to practical hints for the avoidance of E socab, andthe extermination of that disease. THnXI En ROYAL.-La Feuillade's Royal Opera Comique and Weston's Minstrels have now been running for three nights to good bosses, and bid fair to become the most popular of those who have lately catered to the amuse ment of 'the Launceston public. Messrsa.Buckley and Warren's dancing Is remarkably clever, and as Nicodemue Johnson the former Is quite laimit- c able. On Tuesday'evening the piece de resistance was the very broad farce "The Ghost In the Pawnoship." As a play it is a mere trifle, and the dialogue has nothiog particularly brilliant about It, but the faclal contortions of Mr. Buckley (the clerk) on the different occasions when he is startled by the appearance of the gbost are amongst the most laughter-provoking that can be imagined.. An extravaganoa entitled "The Dramatic Agency". took the place of the ghost last night, and was quite as successful, Messrs. Buckley and Warren keeping' the audience in a continuous roar of laughter from begining to end of the piece. Mr. La Feoillade's performances on the violin are very beautiful. He Is a decided master of the instrument, and in his hands it does all but speak. The other members of the Company support the principal performers very creditably. The troupe remains In town only three days longer, and on Saturday a grand afternoon perlormance will e 'given, when all who have children under their care should not lose the opportuniolty to give them a treat which will remaine a fund of amuse ment to them for months to come. LOSBIN A LO.--It is not often a man loses his leg without the knowledge of his loss, but such was the case was on Monday' last. It appears that an old man named James Bird, In the em. ployoflMr. D.Little, of Westwood, as hot cook, left that place on the evening of the day named in a cart belonging to a hawker named Csllender, asod after proceeding about two miles along the road Bird foond to his surprise that he had lost his leg, and immediately announced the fact to the astonished hawker, bat on Bird ex claiming that it was -his wooden one, the hitherto perplexed hawker, alter expressing two or three rather uncompllmentary remarks upon the lost limb. reluted to return for it, but brought Bird, who, of course, could not walk itoe town. Ou arriving home Callender bad no alternative but to carry the poor old fellow to the fashion known so pick.a-back ioto his (Callender's) house, where Bird still remains. It would, therefore, be an noact of charity for the finder of the "lost limb" to immediately returon it to its owner, at Callender'. house, jon St. John-street, as the poor fellow, we believe, has not th'meanaolfobtalnlng another. MaEssxs. W. DEAonrvs & Co.-Our Mel bourne telegram announces that this large filrm hasacompleted arrangements to resame business as before. Exaggerated rumours having pre sailed in Melbourne as to bthe liabilities, one of the local Joarnals publishes the following state meat, which Is touched for as eorrect:--Mesrs. WV. Dograves and Co. owe in round numbers something under £?3?0,000. To Mr. Degravesa brothers in Teasmania and to immediate relatives there Is duoe (senured by mortgages. &c.;), £140,000; to the firm's bankers (two), £120,000 -this is also understood to be secured; to open creditorsin the coloules is due about £60,000; to English creditors, also unseeeured, a som noder £30,000. . The surplus of assels over lis-a. bilities has been estimated at £100.000, and by a realisation, even under aofavourable ciream stances, it is considered by competent persons that all the liabilities would in the worst contin gency be liqnidated Ia full. It is understood that the Bfirst-class securities held by Mr. Degraves's wealthy relatives, show alarge surplus above the advances on them, and it, Is anticipated that these gentlemen may yet come forward, and by that timely' aid whichb they are in a position eselly to afford, rescue the old-eatablished firm of W, Deagraves and oCo.,;from its prjset dflloenlies TUE CAMPBELL TowN ELECTIOn. - The polling for a representative to fill the vacant seat in Parliament takes places at Campbell Town, Ross, Cleveland, and the Public Build ings, Launceston to day. The candidates are Messrs. Keach and Johnson. '?S HENUY BAnULY, formerly Governor of Victoria, and latterly of Mauritins, has been appointed Governor of the Cape of Good Hope. He is toreceivo thessamoealaryas thatenjoyed by Governors of Mauritius, which is £2000por. annum more than the salary hitherto paid to Governors at the Cape. Thze EorrLIsH VOLUNO5ERn FPOE. General Lindsay, the inspector-.general of ieserve forces, stated, the other day, that the total strength of the volunteer force at the present moment is " a little less than 200,000 men." THE WESTERN RAILWAY.—The platelayers have got beyond the Exton toll-gate, and are now busily engaged at the deep cutting at Hay's Hill. An engine and trucks are em- ployed in ballasting close to them. ACCIDENT.—A.man named John Sent, a coachman in the employ of Mr. Thomas W. Field, at Westbury, met with an accident on Tuesday afternoon whilst returning to. West. bury from Launceston. He, was driving a horse and chaise.cart, and when near the Rising Sun Hotel the man was thrown out of the vehile, .he being in a state of intoxication at the time., Sent was severely bruised about the head, left arm, and left side, and was soon after conveyed into town ,in a, butcher's cart, and taken to the hospital, where he was ex amined, but no serious injuries were dis covered. His wounds were dressed, and last evening he was progressing favorably. AuernALrAN MEAT IN PAnsI.-Mr. Daniel Tallerman had, an interview of an hadr's ,durationr with the Emperor to submit 'to hfs Majesty speclmens of Australian meat, and the essay in Paris of the !'peony dinners" now ,going on in London. The Emperor expressed himself pleased with the meat himself, and' said he had ordered a mess of it to be given to a party of thirty'soldiers, who were, asked to give their candid opinion. Twenty.five of the party' said It was very good, theother five said they did not like it; and the Emperor ob served that they most be very dainty.-Daily News Letler. How ro PAEVENT HORSES 7po0t RurNNIN AwAY.-A correspondent of the Nesw Zea. land Herald writes :-" As there appear to be causes for a horse running away, more es pecially in summer, saob as flies, irritation of the skin, etc., in any case causing irritation in temper and a disposition to bolt, one of the golden, roles of horsemanship should be kept in view-take it for granted, that your horse may at any time bolt, the more so when left standing in the sun.. I respectfully suggest the following precaution to stop his gallop. Through a loop, such, as the hind part of a dashboard, or any similar opening in the fore part of any cart, let the reins be passed, and with a strap or cord let them be fastened to the top of the wheel. It is evident that if the horse moves forward, the revolution of the wheel will pull him up short, and that more effectually than any boy could left in charge of him, "The only thing requisite is. that the opening for the reins should be of such a nature as to assist the strain, and of such a hsape as not to allow the reins to jam, that is, V shape." Ir Ha 'LIKa s.-A friend of ours, lately returned from Tasmania, says he is weary of seeing pretty girls. He wants to" know if the sensation may be called lassitude.-.2lel. ourne Puncl. 