OGK LONDU-N NEWS-LETTEE. TFrom our own Correspondent^ London*^eoQiuber 3L Within a few hours thftyear 1869 will have passed into history. It has been marked with some' memorable, events, which will ezercisa a potent influence in the future. Such are the transformation of the Imperial, autocracy of France into a Constitutional Empire, which may have a trreat effect in conseTsine tke seass of Europe ; the opening of ' the -Suez Canal^ destined to .become a new channel, for the com^ merce of. the world; the progr.iss.pf Eepablican opinion, as shewn by the events whichrbave taken place in Europe ; in_ Spstixii still uapro^ yidfed with a Sovereign ; aridfirijtaJy, etabax rassedby her peryerse King ; the -completion of the ? Pacific Eailway, which .establishes e. through communication betwisen the Atlantic and Pacific, and binds togetherihe new mem bers of the great Empire Republic j and the i assembling of the (Ecumenical- Council at Borne, which may end in making the Pope an absolute spiritual potentate; who' will have ihe Catholic hierarchy throughouttlte world at his feet, aud place himself in direct ^inlB^oniEni to every civilised Government, ^fei-.tiie world. Henceforth, in place of Catholic xroity we may have Catholic scliism and division, wnieh xaa subsidtute ; National Chu^ctes for Papal Church.es, and lead to vast reforms in the direc tiont-f Protestan^sm. ? ' ? The annak of the British Empire duang tie past year have been unusually striking. Under the auspices of a Gladstone Administratios, and yith the fulj. approbation of the tJommone, and the enforced acquiescence of the Lords, the Irish Church has been disestablished, and its properly appropriated to secular uses— a prece dent wiicirinust, sooner or later, be followed ia respeokioi the Eaglisb. Church, holding out the prospect ol a complete sepsCration of ChBich and State throughout the domiDionsof Queen Victoria. During 1869 the way has been pre pared for establishing a complete iBystem of national education in : England.; ? Ireland has disappointed expectation. The passing of the the release of the political convicts, and to foment popular discontent, in which Orange men and their leaders have assisted them. Pro- bably by the passing of an equitable Irish Land Bill during the coming year, the Imperial Government and -Parliament will not only trump the last Fenian card, but put an end once for all to the agrarian outrages which have arisen from the arbitrary powers of the landed interest. But even now the Government have no sooner asserted their authority than sedition and outrage have subsided. 'We have witnessed during the year a feeble revival of the cry for protection under color of a movement for reci procity. and assisted by the general- stagnation of trade, but the great mass of the working classes repudiate the nostrum. The death of the Earl of Derby has removed " the last of the long series of Minsters who have repre sented the qualities and the defects of the English aristocracy," and still further weakened the Conservative party, already broken to pieces by the result of the last general election. The recent agitation both at home and in, the colonies with reference to the wool trade has re sulted in plans for reducing the warehousing* charges, which amount to a not inconsiderable percentage -on the value of the wool. . New warehouses are to be opened in February at Millwall Pocks; to. consist of a ground floor only, capable of showing upwards ~ of 10,000 bales, and to lot-aU the .wool offered for sale on one day. The tedious journeys from one ware iiouse to another -which 4-uyers have now to' mate may thus be avoided. There will also be a line of rails surrounding the warehouses by which wools can b'e delivered direct into the railway trucks, -and sent to their destination without incurring the' detention and expense of cartage, &c;, ? to -which they are at present sub jeek Wools intended for shipment, can be loaded either into' ships or lighter .fiomy the landing quays. The result of these arrange ments wiU, it is asserted, be a concentraiaon of the business, and a greatly redaeed tariff of charges, equivalent to | to 1 ;per; cent, on the value of wools, averaging from £10 to £12 per . bale, . ?'??'.'?' . The biddings for the 'South Australian 6 per' cent. Government loan for £100,000 were opened' on the 16fch inst. at the National 'Bank of Aus tralasia.-^There were numerous tenders, amount . ing in the aggregate to £611,500, and £be fol lowing tenders will 'receive allotment z-^-£5$Q0 .it SL09 10s. Id.; £10,000 at £109 laHBB.SOO at £109; £5,O00:a.tr£!O8 Ilk. 6d.; £1,200** £108 10s. 6i;-£2,500-at-£108 10s.; £1,000 *t £tO8 7s. fid.; £5,O0i) at:j'aO8 5s; 6d. j £67.800 at £108 Ss. Cd. The last sum is part of one tender for ; the whole amount of £100,000. ' The paper con taining the ?minimum price fixed by the Agent General was not opened. This operation appears ia have beenremarfcablysuiccesssful, the average price offered being higher than was ever known before. The result showeid^tbJai; the -credit of South Australia has, not jbeeh' impaired by adverse criticism, find that Mr. F. S.' Button, your Tepresentatite in England,!: &fisr;:$royed . himself a Bkilfol ignanctal agent. .. Xf the transac tion did , not, prove to be, adverse to 'the colony,', there- was no want ' of -'-'endeavor to make it so, .i few days after the notices of tli3 loan were issued j the foUowing paragraph, evidently intended4» injure -ita- -prospects, ap peared iu the city article of the Tifn.es: — ' The various Kew' Holland; colonies' are constantly crying cut for morfi_emigrants ; but the doings of- ths. Government fof/ South Australia can ii^iy be regarded as a^encouragement to in tending settlers. ''- Six'years'ago this colony in duced a number of capitalists to subscribe - for 250,003 &cres;^.of; land Iff* 4 settlement to be , created by the Government in jEher/Northern Territory. - The formation of. the , settlement proTed-to be attended with difficulties; and in ' the course of ^put two. years, the Legislative Council adoDteS a resolution that^ in order to * maintain flier credit^f ISoutb, Australia^ it was desirable to refu^ton^purehaseprB. the money ' -paid by them. '- . TheSouseof; Assembly refused to ratio? this, and the partiestnteresifced remained vdthont redress. ' 'Two yeara'plssed, and the same Ministry once more proposed -that the money should be returned without interest, but the Legislature still refused. The sagacious Government, its measure 'being rejected, re solved to have a new survey, and to insntqipon the subscribers taking -sucn land as '?? might eventually be allotted them! Six years after the first ^bargain, .it is thought that a double portion of land— for such aquaritity is promised — will -compensate ifche dupe^eapitalistsfor the lock- up ^-f their Money. ^When people 'mate such contracts, it is-ori the understanding that tiiey will be ratified at pnce,*ndnot; after the lapse of a space; which may have altered their circumstances and intentions. The * offer, of a double quantity x-f ;lan'd is, as ihe'ytmei Re marks, neither an exculpation Hot «n apology.' A ' few. days ; subsequently, i&e; fnuewingi letter from Mr. 3D utton, vindicating the policy; of the South Australian Government,-appeared in the Times money article : — . ' ' 37; -Great George- street, Westminster, S.W., : \- ? ? ; December 15, 1869. ' Sir— Your correspondent, ' j\\-4iover of iFair ; Play,' belies his signature in making unjuskanS: harsh charges against the Government of South ; Australia in complaining that he has 'not yet been put in possession of , the land purchased in the 'Northern Territory. He must know full -well the .-great and unforeseen difficulties ?which occurred in carrying out the surveys j he- must also.kaow that the Government, in order to compensate the land order holders for this unavoidable delay, passed an Act graating to them double the quantity of land they originally purchased,' and that the ISnr veyor-General of the colony has been engaged with a strong and efficient staff in completing those surveys since the early, part of this year. Full printed reports, of what was being done hare invariably been furnished by me to every land oMe^holder. I enclose a copy of the last circular issueMqifcem, containing the very favorable report of the Surveyor-General of the .progress made in the surreys in May of this year, and that he expected to complete the whole of the survey.' by the l«t of October, so that we may now very shortly expect that the purchasers will obtain their land. ; 'To enter into the whole history of the Northern Territory question would far exceed the space you could afford to give to it ; nor vvould it 'be of 'intereBl to the general public. The question has been a most difficult one to deal with, and while: sympathising with the natural disappointment the purchasers of laud must feel in the delay which has unavoidably taken place, I confidently submit to your sense of justice that there is nothing in the proceedings of the -Government 'which 'lias fairly rendered ffem. deserving.'of the vehement attacks made upon, them in your columns for a .long time past' 'It is also noteworthy that these .supposed wrongs never come to the surface except jast at the period when I am engaged in a financial operation for the Government, clearly showing ihQ unfair ^and- onngenerous .« -timus which actuates the writers in endeavoring thereby^ to injure the financial credit of the colony, which the market value their bonds proves is held in. jbigh estimatidu by the investing public. 'This vexed question of the Northern Terri tory is just one ef those to which may be ap plied ^ the principle laid down by no less an authority than the Tpmes itself,' when it said (October 13, 1868), ' No statesman is entitled to Indulge in generosity to the public creditor at the expense of justice to the public taxpayer.* WhenthelSorthern Territory Act waa passed it was distinctly understood that the funds of the colony should never be saddled with the cost of the new settlement ; yet, notwithstanding this, the Parliament last session passed an Aot to raise by loan a large sum of money on the credit of the colony to complete the surveys, and place the purchasers in possession of the land. .. 'With regard to the allusion made to the £knk of Soath Australia, it is sufficient to hazard the remark ihat the Sank may be pre^ sumed to i-e quite able to take care of itself ; and if they consider'themselvesa^ievea^ there is nothing to prevent them taking measures to right themselves^ ' , 'lam, Sir, your obedient servant, f'FSAsm* $. PSTtQB, Agent-Q«ne}»LJ' ? --? ? ? '??'.''?' In inserting this lenber. the city editor -gf the soribe for 250,00Oacres ofland iu a settlement to be createdby the Government in the Nor thern Territory. The formation ofthesettle; Wen^T^ar^onbTii^enaeawltiraificulties, and in the course of about two yeara the Legis lative Council adopted a resolution that 'in orderto^nalntam-the-CFedit-of South Australiaj it was desirable to refund- to the purchasers the money paid by^themi' The House of Assembly reruBei*o raiSfy this, and the parties interested remained i without 'redress. ? -Mote than two yeaiH further elapsed, knd the 'same Govern ment thac had admitted their rights to have an iminediate retuni of their cash, tben propose to the- House 4ihat it should at leailt be returned without ' ihtefest. - -Again the Legislature re fused-tolcamply, audlthe Government, content stall-to femun jn pffice.eve^ though, the mea isures necessary 'to mainfarin the credit of the coldny1', were thus thrown hack upon them, resolved that, instead of refunding the money, they would have a new survey, and insist upon the Jsubsciabas ? tkking sucn land as . might ultimately be allotteU to them. Thus the matter stands,' and. the agentof .the colony^ in the following «onimunication appears. to. think'' that ' he :has; ; satisractorily 'disposed ' of it by no6ryiiSg t&at; bix years' after date there is a prospect;: of their being, furnished with a donble amount of land, in considera tion, of the Government having, four, years ago -failed to fulfil its acknow ledged duly of maintaining the credit of the colony. ; People who subscribe f orljlands doi'so' in expectaiifln of iprompt action to meet the circumstances Of the times, and not of having it foisted upon them six jears afterwards; when all those circumstances may have changed and inconvenience may have been experienced, from the lock-up of their means. The' writer adds, as if it were a grievance, .that those who call the' attention of the public -to the -conduct of the colonial Government always choose a. period, when the colony ; is a .borrower on the London market ; but. if ie will consult any City firm he will be 'told that that is precisely the time when the statement is pertinent and ' likely : to j be of use. Finally^ he .Intimates that the course' taken by the Government of the colony against the Bank of South Aus tralia is jan 'affair between that Bank and the Government, arid not for public comment. In this he is entirely mistaken ; it is in -its public aspectthatthe importance »fr the matter lies. The (Government of South Australia, represent ing a democratac communiiy, resorted to -jtnpst ^^^Hti'^^b? ftii^ '^M'l^TfK'r^ Tni!^n^'a t-^ traco the auihorshiptbf a -fair and legitimate criticism uponrtheic proceedings in a Londen paper, and^ being foiled; in 4iheir attempt, resorted to 'means oi anflicting individual annoyance such as could not, without disgrace or damage, have been put in'force by any Government in Europe. South Australia is a Tishig and important community, and it would fee most unjust to its position to treat it as if its course in -a case of this sort could have no interest ; for the' world at large. .G-n the whole a cKange' for the better haa token place -in Ireland— no thanks to .'the Orangemen^ who insisted on having* their de monstration latDerry on the anniversary of Jhe opening of the fates, nor to the Duke of iAber corn, who .has been patting them on the back, and maMng 'a most violent patty .speech at Belfast against the Government, charging them with tEe responsibility of all the recent out rages. -. It cannot be doubted that the Irish are always the better for a firm Government, as recent events. testify. The general. sense of insecurity/ the election, of the Fenian con vict O'Donovari, ^ and possibly- secret infor mation, induced the Cabinet early in the month to send considerable rein forcements to Irelaad. Lord .Strathnairn, the Commandfir-in-Chief there, has formed them, into flying columns, which scour the dis affected districts^and make their presence felt. ? Posts have been strengthened^ police-stations made bullet-proof. Cork, the most Fenian ridden city, has got an additional supply of soldiers, and the principal officers of these forces have !been sworn in as Magistrates to enable them to act prompt! r. The. 'effect of 'these 'preparations' has been very wholesome. The Fenians are 'completely cowed 1 their vile organs, fearful of a prosecution, cease to preach seditionj the loyal are encouraged, and confi dence is greatly restored. It is felt and seen that the Government are masters, of the situation, and that resistance in any but strictly legal forms is hopeless. Even-agrarian outrages have decreased, though there is proof enough of the savage'barbarism that still obtains in Ireland, ^or example, the house of Mr. O'Connor, in King's Coun^, who is a Eoinan Catholic, and neither a landlord, nor an agent, was attacked by four nien f to obtain 'guns. The ruffians dragged the unfortunate gentleman outside*' and cat off his* nose. Two of the ruffians have, happily, been captored. Another case,' though not so tragic, ; illustrates in a more . striking manner the barbarity of the lower class of frishmeni-7 It was in connection with the death andlmnalof a baker named Carroll, who lived at, EalmaUocfcViu Ireland. On the 5th of Mar/ih, 18p7, -Parroll was siezed by the Fenian leader JDanrie, who commanded the attack on the police^baiTack, and threatened him with death if ne^id.nbt iskfor its faurrenaer ; while on the other hand the police,' when he went to the barjack, tire»^ened to shoot him if he did not retire from its prfcincts. -For two hours poor Carroll was a target foi the poKce and the rebels. At the Special Commission heldatfef wards, be; deposed, to these facts ; and ever since becggnejta -object ^of detestation to the inhabitaiss-'jof Siimallock and the adjoining country. No'one would deal with him ; ha was called' 4 , .traitor^ aaid a spy ; and the result of this jjerpe'eution 'ao preyed on his mini es to throw himr into a state of ill health, which terminated in his death last week. This hatred, ' followed $he unfortunate man to the grave. ; His coffin had to be guarded by a* body' of the. Irish Constabulary with loaded rifles, from his residence to the graveyard, against a rabble hooting, shout ing, and using 4he most horrible imprecations andexpressicmsbf .contempt f of the remains of the deceased. His friends and relatives were afraid to attend thfi_ funeral; bis wife and brother, with the cleigy&nd; police, formed the procession at the buriaL No one would even dig the grave, and the task had to be performed by Carroll's brother, who, with the assistance of one or two of the constabulary, had also to throw in the earth over the coffin after .the burial service-had been read. Itis liot only the Fenians and -their sympathisers who are striving to make Ireland ungovernable. It is hardly a fortnightsincethel-uke of Abercorn, 'Disraeli's Duke,' denounced ,Mr. Gladstone's policy as having sown ' those seeds of discord and those dragons' teeth which— have sprung up in the guise of constant agrarian murders and openly disloyal jiarades, to the danger of all property, and to increased assertion of aggressive bigotry,' His. Grace, had not a' word to utter in denunciation of Fenianism, no rebuke to ex press against- *'. the aggressive bigotry' of Orangefsm which was preparing to violate the. law, nor an objection to make against a system of land tenure 'the most unjust in the civilised world.', gut ^ai his influene as an innueatial nobleman- and landed pioprie tor is thrown into the- scale against the Government, and is , used to foment at this juncture religious 7 animosity and bitter discontent. Of course: the -Duke's friends and sympathisers took .the '; cue. : At a Dublin Orange meeting a' Captain Madden told his applauding friends that it was the duty of Orangemen to oppose the Government, in every way, and if he had had a vote ? for ' Tipperary he should have plumped for O'Donovan Rossa. A collision, he thought was imminent, but the Orangemen had nothing t4t fear' from the Fenians, and must do nothing T against them. Mr. Johns tone, M.P., asserted that it was no duty of the' Orange -parity' to take part- against the Fenians. ''Let the Government fight its own -battles. In the meantime, the ;Oxapgemen would : hold their political pro cessions in spite both of the law and the Go Vernmehy ' - A Dublin and a Monaghan Lodge voted their cordial thanks 4lto the gallant gentlemen and Conservative electors of Tip perary, in standing aloof on the occasion of toe recent election, and allowing the Fenians and other opponent? Iff the Government to seibut ^ne i©o-ernme^ ^ndidatej and assert tHeix «|gh| to^eturniffli^ian of their choice.' Such is tbej^pui^ of*-%pKon in. Ireland* where the vKnaticat' Oraogeman is a ino less troublesome foe to the Government than the Fenian. It remains to be seen whether this lawless spkit'Can-be laid *y- just and -remedial legisla tion, and whether faction ^wilL *ny more avail to prevent .the passing of an equitable land measure than it sufficed to overthrow the. Irish ChufcbrDisestablishment Bill^ Parliament will meejt on the 8th of February, and the Cabinet have been-, busy during i&e; past month in moulding' their policy for the session. Their 'meetings -have Ven frequent, and, it is an nounced, with ^ome -show of authority, that the forthcoming 'Irish- Land Bill of the Government will, with needful limitations ' and : safeguards, give the sanction; of law to the IJlster Custom, which is little' more than a .claim allowed by, good landlords, 'and ignored by bad, aiid ektend it 6ver all Ireland. ' Mr. CSIadstone . adheres to Ms original plan,' and subsequent consultation with his ^oolleagues eppeafs to have confirmed Ms views. By making local usage the foundation of his measure, the question is narrowed to insular proportions, and by omi-aarig'-Wlay 3dwn:auy general principle, ,the Iand;ques1ion in respect; to England,' which can' well stand .over ,|for- future consideration, will not be raised. _ That' a Bill thus framed will be. a substantial boon to the Irish occu pier ' is manifest from the remarks of the Special Commissioner of the Times on the subject of the Ulster ^ustom. Its efficacy,; however, will greatly* depend upon the machinery - devised .to give it : practical opera tion.. .But the Bill is evidently being framed to pass, and 'to provide the quickest, if not the moBt comprehensive; remedy for the grievances under which the cultivators of the soil labor. It will not be easy for the Irish Tory landlords, many of whom have adopted the Ulster Custom, to offer to such a measure a strenuous opposition. ? The long delayed trial of ? the Directors of Overend, Gurney, & Co.. (Limited), is at length over. Itcommenced on Monday, December 13, and closed on Wednesday, the22nd, before .the ibrd^CSuef Justice at GuildhalL The T de fendants, Mr. 3-. H. Gorney, formerly M. P. for King's Lynn; Mr. H. B. Uurney, Mr, R- Birk beck, Mr. H, T. Barclay,' Mr. H. G. Gordon, and Mr.. W. Bennie, were indicted for having on the 12th July, 1865, published a false pro spectus with intent to defraud the shareholders. Dr. Kenealy was- the principal barrister con jcefnedin the prosecution, and he seriously in jured- his case by violent and unsupported' ac- cusations. , The Solicitor-General {Sir J, . D. Coleridge) eloquently defended the Messrs. Gurney and\ Jlr. ^Bbrkbeck, and'ttr. Mellish. €if J, T'Xflrslatej and MUr, Giffor^d appeared respectiveiy for- Mr Barclay, Mr. Gordon, and Mr. Bennie. It heed hardly be said that, the weight of oratory was on the side of the defendants* counsel, and that the prosecution was seriously injured by in cluding in the indictment the Directors who were put on after the Issue of the prospectus. Chief- Justice Cockburn . summed up strongly against: the prosecution,' and. the Jury took -only ten minutes to find the. verdict of 'Npt guilty,' which was received with peals of 'cheers in a crowded Court, again and again repeated ; though when the - defendants were committed for. trial ;by the Lord Mayor there1 were also loud cheers on ihe part' of the auditors. Pro bably-both the Judge's charge and the verdict of the Jury will occasion inp little surprise in Australia; where the downfall of this great con cern spread ' ruin far and wide. But it seems to have. given unqualified satisfaction in the City, partly owing to, the lax maxims of com mercial morality that obtain, and partly to sympathy with the Directors who have lost their alL and have had this prosecution so long hanging over their heads.' Many of your readers will no doubt endorse the following remarks of a weekly paper on the subject:— Sere was an old firm whose transactions were upon a fabu lous scale, tempted by greed °f this world's gain to leave the legitimate vne of its business, whlcb, on the 'average, was safe and profitable, for other lines notsDsafe/.bnt thought to promise a more rapid and larger returns. The natural consequence, overtakes the firm too hasty to be rich, and. a prospect of bankruptcy^ ensues. Then each one' acts upon the maxim, Sauve ~qui pent. There is a speculative madness in the air. It is an epidemic which favors the trans ference of glittering but unsound concerns to other hands. But it can be done only by a con cealment of apart of the truth, and of that part, moreover, 'which it most interests eager pur chasers' to be made cognisant of. All else is fair and above board, probably with the earnest wish of the old firm, and- the Directors of the new Company, that everything without ex ception could be fair .and above board. The crack in the vase is .concealed, simply because there may be those to whom the vase is to be transferred who, if they did but know that it had acrack in it, would look upon it instantly as of no value. Itis hoped, of course, that the crack will' not extend — that the vase will seem astound as ever, and that to all .practical purposes, and especially for those who are not in the secret of the crack, it will be as sound and serviceable as ever. Then comes unexpected pressure; 'then comes a sudden fracture; then cornea exclamations of astonish, ment ; then come the bitter resections that ac company loss of character. And yet how many there are who still maintain that the over sanguine specula tors were, innocent of wrong,, and were overtaken by misfortune, as men may occasionally be overtaken in a lawful journey by a 3esblatin-? storm. The great (Ecumenical Council was opened under the dome of St Peter's, Borne, on the morning of the 8th iast., the route of the pro cession, notwithstanding the wet weather, be ingoccupied by daybreak by, an immense con course, estimated at /about 20,000, comprising every variety of the human race within reach of Borne. At 9 o'clock, amid tae ringing of the bells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in the city and salvoes of artillery from the castle of San Angelo and Mount Aventino, the procession, formed in the upper atrium of the Vatican, descended the Scala Uegia, and passed through the lower atrium into the cathedral. Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, - and the procession consisted of six . Archbishop Princes, forty-nine car dinals, eleven patriarchs, 680 archbishops and bishops, twenty-eight abbots, and twenty-nine generals, of religious orders. In all about 800 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the Cathedral in the gestatorial chair. His holiness first knelt some time before the Sacrament, and the assembly then took their places in the Council Hall in seven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the' Archbishop of Iconium pronounced the inau gural discourse. The Pope, who Appeared to be in thejen'joyment of excellent health, then gave 3ub benediction, and received the homage of the ?members of the Council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being sung by the choristers. Persons not members of the assembly then quitted the halL The prelates approved the decree opening the Council, and the Te Deum followed; the ceremony terminating at half, past 2 in the afternoon. The tribune's of the Council Hall were occu pied by the Sovereigns and Princes present in Some, the members of the Diplomatic Body, Generals Dumont and Kanzler, and the Roman and foreign nobility. The scene was not so grand as might have been expected. The special' correspondent of the Timessays :— In brilliancy, and in all that constitutes a fete or a show, it was far short of the Canonization of the Japanese Martyrs. Of course it was. On this occasion the object of interest was in a Council Hall, -out of the principal line of vision, and only half revealed to the most fortunate of the. spectators— those under the dome. The Council was an object of supreme in terest, but far from showy ; for what is there in 700 old men, dressed in white and wearing tall paper caps. As these were laid aside on entering the church, and as all the Bishops stopped at the Chapelof the Sacrament, through which the Pope made his way to the Council, hall there was hardly any procession, and what there was of it could not be seen. There was no procession at the end ; only two streams of departures, indicated by a snoeession of tall ^pHrcs,i;.made-'wii;h ?two sheets of cardboard. Certainly 'this isj a siglit- we do not; jseB every; day, ftut when .there is ;a procession ?: fo| *?!ejytningf why not for a General Council* The ' day was most unfavorable for seeing this spectacle in the Hall, being what they call here a fasting day -^-that is, -a dull-one. — 6ut -what was seen -was' significant, and therefore - impressive^ ; Seven Tiundredjbishops, more or less, representing all Christendom, were seen j^,thered._round one altar, and one throne, partaking of the. same Divine mystery, and rendering homage by turns to the same spiritual authority. 'and power. As they put- on their mitres, or took them off, and as they came to the steps of the -altar, or the foot of the1 common Spiritual^ -Father, it was impossible ' not to feel, the unity and ttie. power of the Church which they represented. Th,e sight was im pressive to those prepared to be impressed, though it must 'have .disappointed those who came to see. a show, and would hardly have -satisfied $he crowds -who flocked into Borne' to see the triumph of their Sovereign. Wiiat reached the ear could not but be imperfect. There were long and tedious intervals of silence. The sermon was injudiciously long, they say ; and, of course/ Bound, and nothing else, to the outer world. The Pope delivered his allocution with-much jemphasis and gesture, but was in terrupted by a congh,; and probably did not. say. 'all he had on' ..paper. . ' He said nothing political,' so I am told, though I don't see how. he could avoid it. As to the singing, it was necessarily under difficulties. There 'could be no rehearsal or concord. The Teraes of the Veni Creator were sung at long intervals ; but very impressive. The choir was there in one place, and the responses, with the chief volume of sound, in another. Where I stood I could not make out whence either came. The Pope was to chant the litany* -and the people about me said he was chanting It; but the voice rung so loud, so clear, and so musical, that I could not believe it to come from so old a man. The truth is he chanted three petitions made for the occasion, not the rest ; but 1 suppose he put the spirit into the jrest, ior nothing could be more animated. The Te D$um, chanted by the choir and the Bishops alternately, the congregation joining, was mag nidcent. Strange as it may seem to 'English Protestant ears, the service was incessantly going pn at all the altars, in the church ; con gregations were assembled at them, bells were tinging, and responses chanted, and every now and then there was a procession, with bell and candle, from one part of the church to another. In the very midst of the sight seers, occupying everywhere the most com manding positions, .from the slightest to the most dangerous: elevations, priests were cele brating mass as if they were alone in the vast: solituies of the old basilicas here. I must add1 that every ten minutes the word of command was given in no gentle voice to somebody of the soldiers, to clear an avenue, push back a crowd, or make some new combination. This! they had sometimes to do in the face of strong; remonstrances. Lower down the nave I hear , the thieves were plying their trade, with con certed attempts at disorder. : On the following day, the 9th, the -Council again assembled, when the Pope read a short homily, in which he said it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the ap pointed day, and to see the Bishops assembled at Borne in greater numbers than ever^; They had come to teach all men the voice of God, and to judge with the Pope, under the auspices of the Holy Spirit, on the errors' of human science. Never was it more necessary than in the present day, since conspiracy and impiety were wide-spread and strongly organized, andhide themselves under the mask of aspirations' for liberty. . There was no cause for alarm. ' . The Church was stronger than Heaven itBelf, and now was the time to consider what remedies were efficacious against the present evils. The Bishops should strive with him to secure, peace fulness in the monasteries, order in the Church, and discipline among the clergy. In conclu sion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and the -Holy angels. Since then the Council has held three secret sittings about which there has been an infinitude of gossip, but nothing authentic will be disclosed till the Feast of the Epiphany (January 6), when will be voted and promulgated . the decrees drawn up at the private 'sittings. Day by day, however, our daily papers contain letters from their Boman correspondents, filled with rumors and scraps of information, a few points of which. I will endeavor to condense into a paragraph. The -five Cardinal Legates named in the Bull are Cardinals de Beisach, de Luca, Bizzori, Bilio, and Capalti — the first named, as well as t«ro Episcopal members of the Council, having since died. The Bull appoints also four Con gregations or Commissions, to be composed of a fixed number of the Fathers of the Council. The first Commission will take charge of questions ; of dogma ; the second of those of discipline .; the third of the subject of the regular and religious orders ; and the fourth of Oriental rites.- The rules of the Council vir tually prohibit free discussion. No one may question the regulations laid down, which are framed so as -to give the right of the initiative to Pius IX. and his Jesuit advisers ; no one can introduce a subject for consideration without the Pope's authority. There are also between 200 and 300 bishops in parti ous— that is, prelates who have no Sees, who enjoy the full privileges of the Fathers, reside at Borne, and are absolutely dependent on the Prefect of the Propaganda. They are in. fact the squad, or voting-machines of the Vatican. The first of the Commissioners referred to, com prise for the most part obscure prelates, ex cept Archbishop Manning (who seems to tfle regarded as the probable successor ? of Pins IX.,) and excludes all the well known opponents of Papal absolution, such as Cardinal Schwartzenburg, the Archbishop of. PariB, the Bishop of Orleans, and two. Irish Bishops. It is stated that on the election of the Committee on matters of Faith mogt of the successfal candidates had 500 votes, and only one as low aa 390. The. highest number of votes was given to the Bishop of Saragossa, an out-and-out Ultramon tane. At the meeting of the 'general «ohgra gation' on Tuesday last the members of the Commission to examine the questions connected with religious orders were appointed. The dis- cussion of drafts of canon law relative to mat tors of faith afterwards' commenced. These proposed measures, the telegram says, contain no mention of the question of the Pope's personal .infallibility ; but they utter a formal condemnation of unorthodox doctrine, and of independent philosophy and morals. The Infallibility question is kept in the back ground for the present, though it could easily be carried if formally submitted. But there is a minority of at least 120, comprising the most distinguished prelates, opposed to it, and the French Government is understood to have warned the Vatican against its adoption. Meanwhile a great deal of intriguing and lobbying is said to be going on. Parties are formed who meet at their sevetal rendezvous, and Bishop Du panloup is recognised as the boldest and ablest leader of the opposition. The Fathers of the Council have also nominated a Committee outside the Council, to hear and discuss the opinions of Monsigneura Dupanloup and Maret, while another Committee' weighs the opinions of Dr. Manning and Monsignenr Deschamps, in order to see whether, on consultation, some agreement may not be established between the advocates and the oppo: nents of the dogma of infallibility. The Vatican and its advisers have shown their absolutist tendencies, rot only in the rules for regulating the Council, but by the publication of a number of Bulls. One of these provides that in case the Pontificial chair might become vacant during the sitting of the (Ecumenical Council, the Council should only reassemble at the pleasure of the new Pontiff. Another Bull has fallen like a bomb upon the Council, more_ especially as it was simultaneously published in extenso by the Jesuit organ at Turin, and was placed in the hands of the Fathers as a complete, valid, and irrevocable instrument. The only apparent feature of novelty about the document is that the Pope carefully _ and kindly distinguishes between the cases in which he can revoke a sentence of exoommuuioation, and those in whioh even he, great as he. ia, can not pretend -«ito /iJ^Tjpower, i$A wiotiSd: not venture -to ^claim it. 'Generally, speaking, alliiheactS mdstpronunent in Italian legislation, such as the uissolution^f monasteric-7themiar- riage of priests and nuns^indeed, whatever being once done cannot be easily undone — are classed in the former terrible category. One -clause' in the Bull seems' specially suggested by some recent occurrences. Absolution given by a bishop in supposed aHiculo mortis is to hold goodin Heaven if the patient dies, but not if he recovers. In that case a healthy confession and restitution is to be made before excommunica-' tion can be removed. Another /clause' in this Bull, an old one, cites and leaves unmitiKated an excommunication pn everybody who affects to appeal from the Pope to a CounciL ' Pius IX.,' says the Times, 'has looked into all the Bulls or 'Constitutions' of his 'predecessors during the lapse of' many centuries, and has compiled his long list of censures upon those obsolete edicts, without the least allowance for the stubborn facts with which our modern progress confronts .him. All his. old, rusty' Vatican artillery is rolled out of the arsenal' in which it had long lain forgotten. It is drawn up, loaded, and primed with * faith' worthy of Don Quixote, when, after having shivered his helmet of proof by a.sirigle blowof bis falchion,1 he cobbled it up with pasteboard, .somehow trusting it would stand any other test, but, at ,alT events, determined not to exempt Provi dence by himself renewing the experiment. The Pope has so diligently enumerated the cases in which the direct censures of the Church are called forth, that there is by this r time not one Sovereign or subject throughout the Boman Catholic world— always excepting the Pontifical domi nions— who is not excommunicated over head and ears. ' The - Pope alone, for instance, can remove the curse which is laid on any one who shall interfere with ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and summon' or bring a priest before a lay tri bunal ; yet neither in France nor in Belgium, nor, lately, in Itely, Austria, or Spain, is there any longer the slightest vestige left of ecclesias tical Courts, ^nor. can the benefit of clergy- any longer be pleaded before the civil law.' In his last letter irom Borne the special cor respondent (of the Times eaya, in reference to this Ball :— ',' I have tohl you what the faith ful say of it ; how they feel relieved ; what a 'load is off their conscience, or, at least, re duced to a portatbljei compass ; but there 'are deep and strong utterances of another sort. 'Why this is the; Middle' Ages back again. . The, reign ; of .Boniface VIIL, from which we thought: Gregory XIV. had delivered us.' Even Catholics say, 'We had forgotten all thia, or oiilyiney-.it as histbry.' It is complained tnatthfe lower and uneducated sort, who had never ieard of this old excom munication, will receive all this as new'matter, and conclude .in a friendly or unfriendly spirit, that the Pope is breaking with the world, and that a day of . extremes is coming. The Pope himself, 'and even -Antonelli, are said to describe the. Bull as simply a concession to every complaint by tender-minded people ; but it would have been at least an equal proof of kindness if various other parties concerned cpuldhave been consulted or warned, or even ' honored with an early intimation^ The -Fathers of 'the Coun cil knew nothing -of it till it was put into their hands. The theologians attendant on the Council were never told of it. None of 'the Diplomatic Body in Borne beard of it till they saw it in the Turin papers. It came like an explosion on the French and Austrian Am bassadors.' They have hot even had copies sent to them. There are copies enough on the church walls, but they a*e wet with! the/driving showers, antUven that affixed to St. Peter's has been wil fully defacsd and torn. Itis evident very great care has been taken that it should be an absolute secret till the very hour of itspublicatdon overall Europe. I must tell you that, while all the docu ments of the Council are kept as dark as possible heas at Borne, they are sent as fast as they are printed for publication to the Pope's organs at Turin and in our own country. The Archbishop, of Vienna, they say, is in extreme disgust at the sudden appearance of the Bull, and the. consequent aggravation of his own difficulties with his people at home. He was most con servative, they say, but not so now.' Dr. Temple, spite of virulent and persistent opposition, has been-inducted Bishop of Exeter, and was duly enthroned in the .Cathedral of that city on Wednesday hut. Though duly elected by the Dean and Chapter, his untiring, antagonists did not give up in despair. One or two of the Bishops implored the Bishop elect to make some statement repudiating the doctrines - contained in 'Essays and Reviews,' while Bishop .Trower and others of .the clergy got up a memorial to the Bishops, urging them hot to. consecrate Dr. Temple. The Bishop elect maintained a rigid silence ; and the .well-signed memorial produced no result. But this was by no means the worst feature of the opposition; ; When Dr. Temple's papers came before the proctors appointed by the Dean and Chapter, to be passed in the usual way, the opponents 'traversed the whole petition,' that i is, they objected to the confirmation of the Bishop elect by raising every possible plea. Two examples;' will suffice to show the nature of the objections,' derived, it. is said, from a precedent just three centuries old. They required proof, first, that he was *' a prudent and discreet man; eminent for his knowledge of the Holy Scriptures, and for his life and morals deservedly commended.' So brief was the interval afforded between the. announcement of this ' question, that Mr. Lingen, Dr. Temple's friend of 30 years, had to be called out of Ms bed as a witness. Secondly, was the candidate for the sacred office 'born in lawful wedlock?' and, to answer that searching enquiry, a telegram was trans mitted by night summoning Dr. Temple's elder: sister. Such extravagances look incredible; yet the proctors had to deal with them in due form. . .The confirmation of Bishop Temple took place at Bow Church, Cheapside, on the 8th inst., before a large and excited assembly of specta tors, including more than a score of policemen, who were present to prevent a breach of the peace. SirTra-vers Twiss, the Vicar-General, officiated. The objectors were asked to come forward and make their objections in due form. They did so. Dr. Deane, on behalf of 'Bishop Trower and two other clergymen, attempted to prove that the Vicar-General had the power to review, disapprove, and repel the Queen's choice of Dr. Temple; if he had not, he 'hoped that this would be the last time such a sacrilege and sham would be allowed.' He went on to de scribe the ceremony as 'not only a sham, but a trap,' notwithstanding which the Vicar-General decided that he had no power to rescind the choice of the Crown, and so proceeded with the ceremony. The summons of objectors is, there fore, on the Vicar-General's own showing, as much a 'sham' as is the leave to elect given, at a previous stage, to the Dean and Chapter. Lastly came the act of consecration, which took place in Westminster Abbey on the 21st. Two other Bishops were consecrated with Dr. Temple— Lord Arthur Hervey, promoted to the See of Bath and Wells, and Dr. Stirling, who has been appointed to a new bishopric iu the Falkland Islands. Written protests against Dr. Temple's consecration had been sent in by the Bishops of Gloucester, Heieford, Iichneld, and Lincoln, and the Bishops of Bahgor, Llan daff, Peterborough, and Bochester had in a less formal manner signified their dissent from the proceedings. The prelates who performed the ceremony, acting under a commission from the Primate, were the Bishops of London, St. David's, Worcester, and Ely, and before the consecration was proceeded with Dr. Jackson delivered judgment, rejecting the request which had been made for delay. The right rev. prelate held that Dr. Temple's election to the See of Exeter having been duly confirmed, the Archbishop was bound to proceed with the consecration. No one would have more re joiced than His Lordship had Dr. Temple thought fit to make such a declaration as had been often asked for, but delay would be use* less, and theie was no alternative but to obey the royal mandate. ? Commenting on the utter failure of all this opposition to Dr. Temple, the Daily News re marks, that the whole movement was an at*, tempt to set up aa illegal dictatorship in the Church.. 'These gentlemen wanted Dr. Temple to satisfy, not the requirements of the 1«W| bat their requiramenti ; to admit thair right to*- catechise fi^;-^^o%Store-f'afself- stitutes for the thumbscrew and the rack as the age has left them. Archdeacon Denison going to. thehouse of prayer and thanldng -God that he is not as other men are, nor even as this new Bishop of Exeter ; and Bishop Trower. putting what small indignities he could on the Bishop-elect, have taught the public what manner of spirit a section of the clergy .are of . Perhaps the dominant feeling of the ]bity to-day is one of tharikfuiness that civU power, and not priestly authority} 'is dominanVm1 theChurch.' The John Bull promises that the opposMon to him shall not cease yet; 'Some of ''his brother bishops-say .they will not meet him in -3om- mittees/and will 'oppose his appearance in the Upper House of Convocation. . The Guardian allows that this is a: very unpleasant tatate of affairs; 'ItiiSno use,' it sSys, 'diBgtusing that jfe arfe within a few steps of ia Wtious schism.'. ^^When;?' proceed* that wober Church journal, 'eight, bishops solemnly pro test, and suggestj'doubts' as to'the cauonicity of Dr. Temple's consecration, aud/the validity oi the orders which^he may confer, it is impossible to deny that the foundations have been laidlor as dangerous an- internal division as ever threatened the^ unity of . the English Church' since the Befoxmation.' : : Oh his enflrronement on Wednesday, Dr. Temple preached a sermon in Exeter Cathe dral, which must make his ' foes vlook very 'foolish. It contained a most distinct declara tion* as to his' belief in the proper deity of Christ, of his resurrection from the dead, and of the Holy Scriptures is containing a special, peculiar, and pre-eminent ^revelation from God. The plan ] of his sermon led him to speak jof many of the subjects which he hadrtreated'in his sermon essay on the Education of the World, and he took' advantage of it to develop and guard from -misapprehension some of the pro positions which hkjtt. there' been laid down. He considered the fipiritual revelations of God as threefold. . The. lowest, which, however, ; lies nearest to us, is found in the constitution and organization of man himself ; iii the spiritual faculty : which ' enables us to draw near to God,.: and to recognise the character of what ; is holy,' jnst^ arid true, and their contraries. According to the Bishop, there is that within us which enables us to sayxleci sivelj- that some things are right .and others: wrong ; as, for exainple, that it ia never right to be cruel ; dad this faculty, which God has implanted^. teSs Us His own clear iwilL Itis not the Jess ao^fer; its being subject to limita tion, and even disoraer,, but there is a provision for its recovery, and itis and-must be the guide of man, beeause it is the organ through which : other and higher revelations must work; ' The second- revelation iai that made in the Holy Scriptures, ^hich, indeed, have their own in ternal and external evidences, but which most signally assert their divine, origin by the unique power they exerciss over the spirit of man, meeting that inward faculty which is the prior revelation. Yet there is muoh in the Scriptures which cannot be understood, ' unless it is remembered that they . formed a gradual revelation 'to man, enlarging and ad vancing as he was fit to embrace its higher contents, nor, unless it is also xemembired that their revelation is one of, spiritual, ,Tiot of natural truth.- Then, thirdly,' the Scrip tures; contain ' one record . which stands . out from all. the ;rest-^-that.'of ' the birth, life, works, words, sufferings, 'death, .and x&- surrection at) Jesus Christ, in itself the crowning revelation. It is this which we must study if we would know the character of God, for Christ is the manifestation, of the. Father, and as . the Christian' comes closer to Him he comes closer to 'God Him-' self. Such are the leading-- thoughts of 'Dr. Temple's sermon. -? ? ? ?; -.- -.n': 