^^HE EDUCATION QUESTION. ? No. V. {2»the Editor of the Frtmarfs Journal.) Sib, —Mr. Farkes, in the speech delivered at the opening of the Dandas Public School and upon other occasions, stated that if the Catholic laity were left to themselves and not interfered with by their bishops and clergy they would all. unanimously fall into his views. Of coarse there is no great difficulty in hazarding an assertion of this kind, inasmuch as the proposition being a conditional one, it could not be verified, unless the condition were fulfilled, but did Mr. Parkes ever enquire into the nature of this con dition ? In other words did he ever ask him3eif this question when introducing his Education Bill or when propounding its provisions after it bacame the law of the land ; can the Catholic bishops and clergy -leave their Jlocks to themselves in thi$ question of education ? The Catholic prelates of New South Wales, of Ireland, of America, and of the whole world have always proclaimed their rights and their duties towards their flocks and have always held themselves responsible in the sight of God for the discharge of one of the most important duties of their episcopal office, thab is, to give a Catholic education to the people entrusted to their charge. The Fathers of the National Council of Thurles, in the memorable words quoted in your journal some weeks ago, clearly laid down this doctrine :— ?' As rulers of the Church of Christ,' they say, 'chief pastors of his flock, rigorously responsible to the Pduce of pastors for every soul committed to our charge, it forms as is obvious our .first and paramount duty to at tend to the pastures on which, they feed— the doctrine with which they are nourished' * ? * I * * * 'hence,' they conclude, 'the aw ful; obligations we are under at the peril of. our souls of watching over the .education of tjba people whom God' has entrusted1 to our charge. ' i ' Has the Catholic laity of; tills country denied phis right :to ;the j'j?%thplic.pi3)[»ppis/?})j,Or:.-ather;v have they net most emphatically, both 'by word and d«#-J;. aadjbjr f tiieir 'getwrouj^ offeilngij \ gtv&i; ' proof of ;,th«ir,'deftp afctachmeat to tho p^afeore; of. their .Guards and their adherence to thin point of Catholie doctrine. Io it wise of Mr. Parkea or of the Council of Education to ignore this fact, viz :— That tho relations between the pastors and peoplo are of each a character that tha former command and the latter obey and give not t- forced submission but a moat cheer ful obedience to their behests, and in the ex«r* eiae of this great authority they do not as Mr. ' Park«» Huppoaea unduly encroach upon, or in terfere with; the rights of the parent*. Dr. Forde very clearly, in his speech which appeared in your issue of last week, lays d«wn that education is not a function of tho State, but an inalienable office of the parent, and for proof of this, he refers to, tho great. Catholic doc trine of the natural indissolubility of marriage, and to the relations which nature itself has es tablished between parent and child. Even apart from the consideration of the Christian Law, the wise men of ancient times recognized in the marriage contract certain elements of perpetual indissolubility, and acknowledged that the perpetuity of the marriage bond was in accordance with nature, suited to the wants and circumstances of families and to the ia* dividual. What ara those wants on the part of the child which demand the perpetuity, of the marriage tie ? Principally the education of the child, which would be rendered altogether im possible if the marriage contract could be broken at caprice, and. the child would thus become a'- castaway. Observe again i'.bow the Author of nature has provided for the discharge of this important duty ; parental love, the most tender of all tho natural affections, the oonsciousnesi that the peace and honor of the family and the support of their.own.bpary age, depend upon the education their children receive, constitute fehe strongest inducements to a father to discharge, this sacred duty faithfully. And on the part of. the children observe how nature has left them absolutely at the power of their parents incap able of any action or thought of their own, and are taught firat by instinct, and then by duty, to lovo and to obey, thus tho great work of educa tion is secured by three great motives that sway the human heart, viz : love, duty and interest,' aud hence too those writers, even in ancient times, who impressed on tha young the duty of obedience to their teachers, did not fail bo assign ;.\H a motive for aueh obedience that the teachers M *uou were tlis representatives \oi the parents. But it; U' unnecessary bo dwoll on this point at greit length, inasmnob as w« have not to deal with those who d«-ny to parents their rights, but it is wall to keep in view thesa principles, as : the Catholic bishops and priests are -stigmatized,' as superseding these rights of the parents. The Catholic Ciiurch has always recognized those right* in their fullest extent, and has at all times, and under all circumstances, protected parents in the exercise ' of their legitimate authority. Bat here it must be observed that once the ' children have been regenerated with water and the Holy Ghost, and have become the children of the Church;, she .does not tear them from the bosom of their parents— but sanctifies, elevates, ennobles the office of the parent, and becomes, herself, the mother oa higher and holier grounds than the earthly parents. The Church can never forsake these children, be cause her mission is to educate them and to make of them men, not only for bhis world but for Heaven besides Tiae practice and principles of the Catholic Church, a3 handed down to as by history, as well as the conduct of the present glorious Pontiff in reference to the boy Mortara, admirably illustrate the doctrine. In the thirteenth century when the temporal power and influence of the Popes were at the highest ; when the brightest diadems in Europe paled before the glory of the tiara ; when Inno cent III., Gergory VII,, and Bmifac-j VIII. ruled the world from the Chair of Peter ; it was proposed by some that the infant children of Mahoontans aad Jews should be forcibly sepa rated from their pareuta, baptized, and educated as Catholics, to tiie graat increase of the Church and the salvation of souls. The augelic doctor, St. Thomas of Aoquin, gave this proposal the most determined opposition, and declared that the Church could not sanction such a practice: he condemned ifc as not conformable to reason,! and denounced it as being repugnant, to. natural justice, for nature has made the; chili a'thing belonging to the fattier, and has decreed that ,it remain umler; tho father's' care until it had'at tained to the use of reason, f' Hence,' 'he adds', 'it would be; outrarv ,to aatural, justice .'that the child,1 beforeht- haa the use ofriieason; should be withdrawnTroin ?.ihe'fjare'ntV care, 'orauythiutj done in. his rogiirtt'al;&iust; Iho paren'ts' willf :-)Oi\ Out the ofcivth;''h-An'ij tho;tMiuluet oftlie' prfsont f.ijje ^?itn'Vtsi'ki'ence' 'id t'hVb'ti'y'' Mortara, is so well kuuwn to ycv.r readers that it is unnecessary'' P°:f»*« -Ho;' facte; 'of t^e' ' bioe, ^TlieiChii^ l^L iame Jus ino^hor, whoa he wao^aptieiid an4ffiM&S;&i; i -.child of God and heir to His Eternal Kingphmi^ The' demands made by the- antl Catholic g*yaaa»-; menta and the iniidel preoa of Europe invei^aa^ ♦?ho part, of the Church and ita'tiead. a '^a^a^uR of thoae rights whicbi.aa' I said before, areJrig$nst and holier than tHoae of his natural parents- »a-fe through the firmness and ' determina|Uon of '®te-. Pope thelroy. Mortara ia not only to day, a. £&&*? voted Catholic^ but a holy religiouju! -i '? ; ??.?.: .. .: , .i : .... .?,'?' ? , i ! ' .^ ? 