CASTELAR ON THEI (ECIUMIENICAL COUNCIL. (From Ith 'Speial C?orrespondent of thue Sltano. dard.) - MARnID, M?ay 6. THE proceedings of the (Eoumeniocl Council naturailly attract much attention hIerc. The ,following article on them is published in the Madrid Discusion, from the eloquent pen of Senor Castclar: "TilE (EOUMENICAL COUNCIL. "Popular assemblies streggle; Govero meats resist; political parties vteoiferato; nationalities afftirm or. deny;: Germany has entered on a critical period, likely to engender a war. England- the staid 'and prudent England--has effected no. thling less than a social revolution by tile' passage of in agrarian law.. In this state of things one capitol point raises its head above all others, as if to s?oit lihow ld premely humanity values..its moral interests. That point is the religious point-the (E.oicumonical COuuncil.' At first it would appoar imposiibld to 'have attracted publio intorestto .it,coansideritig' the many plans the Roman Pontificate has adoptdd to divert it.' While our ago admits through every pore tile air aind light of liberty, espccially in' :matters whose conception is thoughlt, and whoe organ is speech, the Council 'at Rome enshrines itself in tlhe' regionof mystery,' and imposes an absolitoe. silencedd. This silence, now that the Press.e ciroulates fromn pole.to polo--now that theo tele graphio wire vibrates like o'tho harp agitated by Lhe wind--now" thbit the shriek of the locomotive is.heard overy. where wheroever congresses, meet to eluoidate the highest problems-now that political tribun0s are like thb simmits of the intellectual world round which .the noisy t'empcsts of the human spirit gatliher -·this' silence in the midst of'so muob activity is one of those impossibilties only the Court of Reano would attempt, as if, instead of living in the centre of Iursope, she lived in theo ruins of Asia or tlhe deserts of Africa l Tito intellectual Germaiy, which never tires.of investign. tionr-that nation which snatohod from Cmsarian Rome its soeptro of iron, and from pontifical Rome its inoontestable moral' supromuty over Europa, now di. vulges all the soerets of tihe OCuosil. In Augsburg, that very Augsburg whlere Luther edited tlio symbol of the ncw Christianity, they publishl all the Con. ciliarean as which tie Pope wishes to be kopt:in m stet and the world not to know' until be'are declared and nd. mitted as di teoof the voice of the Holy Ghostl "Tliis publioit has'two great inconve. nionoes for ~lhe Ho? See : first, it breaks one of its C?orsript ns, that of silence; and secon'dly, It.wnrn the governmcrsis and stat of th~ war I of the mtchina. tiose whos j are being nonocted in the grand'Cat l assembly a inst the roli. gious and dral indepoe deco of the peoplos wsl Rome wishes to oconvert iatn~r'isal hordes of alaves, eating, irnerita shade, a spiritual food formed of the eighty moral, political, and scion tifidc' heresibs contained in the eighty artiolo's of the Syllabus. "'.'Tso" Pntlifeal. Government have omritLed no' means of preventing the publication of the roerds of the Council, Respeootable bishops have been accused, worthy sacerdotos expolled, letters by the post opened, travellers dotainedi luggage oexamine'd, nod' all thlsoo inquisitorial ineans'whoso brutality is only equalled by their ineffooicoienoy have beeoon employed to flid out tlhe mysterious oorrespondoent of thebo.Gazette d Asgsbuteg. 'This paper, the:more the Pope tries to suppress the news, laughls the more at his efforts, And promises its readers not only the proposi tions which my bo ut upon paper, but also thoso'bP_ teode the eooret sano tuary,. oe ihee tri\Pope,t, the infifalli. hIle, the on doity,s t'a~d by the joint aid of, tF10ly Spirit d of 'Revalenta Arabida,' ' TIho'perlidy of tlheo nowspaper referrod to has almope?ongoeudored an in. tornational question. The nuncip of his Highness in' Munich has 'omllained to thie King and, toto Governmint that this oonspiracy ga b t(r'tibeiliar silence and mystery 'id in Bolavariean Eot. bhussy in Rno o on I never have holieved thtis, s ria the ,niost atholio. cor of rsnany. T?ero they reosnon en drab,, to he oon ueil by omit monks. TIero thley enclose tlhe Cat i" eolnnruhties' in tle PaIgai lines and' amongst the oountelor. fieitod ba.roelief ofs the PEarthonon of Athens. Th'ore, they .porpetually main tain a basin and, a hyssop, to exeroiso those who. go to or return from, North Germany.lt po'etseingf a perpetail To Deuinm. Its plit sophiers coammentato 'on the MoitHig.glt' oinrilh.Heinoe singAkbof a 'German t'odont?,liod"edt, nn'd' wio, though doeitinod to e'nl hlmies,"man. vged to arrive .at th ?~at'es of HI' evn. There hIo beguiled St, Poeter with :lis easy gossip, his lightness;.and his Vol tarian'' g"~at* :sapitrtifrth'l gItrent"dread St. Poter has of students who play on thel' instrumenteof humin reason, Tho youth boewitohed tlheold man so that the old man.leot: hinpstas into 'tso Heavenly Jerusalem to . sits. its holy palaces, Kn'owing;4 sooetieal talents .and' Iis natural rebellion, B gaop htim somnieo Iints, "Look,' sairlYheo, rti "th Grot' Goe'tod, iho Ahme 'ns all terrestial,,lirige, likce' to be praised . ry out tith li lilteid fodre of thy luugv--'Haly, H ly Hly I Lonok at the ohiosr' of ongols n'id' of sernphs who sing a .sio ~ somerlhat slow, ind ionoonno uh a iw~t~l" leavhoes tllat of Rubini , 'ario f behind ' . The student w on, l,ioqn n ho had geot only nae frnm e gato,,St,. Poter oried oi rgot one saing If thou art asked frodi wheenc tho comest, don't say Belilin, say that thou art from Vienna, dr oven better still, from Munich I' And this Munich, so ieoll reported at the colestial gates, now oemmits treason against the esuccessor of Poter.' What would,tho ?oaly porter now say,?, " Th au. nr? Council isnwell known to the Ild ha' to thle oerman Press '\ ume i aI Whlat signifies this Greo 1o (7ouimeniaonl signifies unive 'is' meta hyialcal senso, B ust thlis lRoman Courcil, rsodth,' is 'it 'int. versal? Three Clhurchles now divide Christianity-tlb . Eastern or Oloeclt Ohurobh, the Western or Romish Church, and the agelioal or Protestant Curhob. It would vo been worthy of a Pope who wasat tbfh altitudo of ago, and whose fore head, a it were, touched the spiritual world, o havo convoked theso three Chure, and to have submitted to them the me ns of founding upon ancient Ju daisto a re moral, and a philosophical theology, hioh, opposing itself to t 1e materialism every day more rampant should eatiR that thirst for tli iiifiulte which, not thelaeding'its 'dnquesit.orer nature, dits industrial wotiders, is ever fel y our .spiritsl--.ohild of the Hna eons, oting, from this lower world, for its io ry I 'But,' sqys the Patriarch of the hurolh at Contantinoploe, ' l'e sholl not o; for we wish not toenter into endless d pultes, which would only sgi tate our c nesoieneos and sduols.' Says tiho Patiaroh f Alexandiria, 'Ye cannot ao cept tbh' invitation, for it destroys tlhe equli ',vlioh ought to reign amongst the rohees of God.' Tile Protestants, 'noti by1...o Popsin the letter .to tilte Catholi robbishop ot'f Westmiastor, that they w d be required to sntke poevious recognitj?n' of tite supremancy of the ICo'cil, havoe also refused to attend. It i 'rckonod'"thero are 356,000,000 of Clsri i s;, 104,000,000 are Protestants; 81000,00' are Greeks; consequently, th is Co cil' whiob; tinder the belief that it rep ,setsie tho habitablo globe, calls itself laumonical or Universal, does not voen' .proenttlbo majority of the Chris. tins i theo world. Anud what ro Itohey mot folr?' 'o'decolard tho eternal Infallibility .of th ope? But how can he be iofalli ile i p to the centuries of 'the miiddle ago Iheiwans not thought so? Search tlhe nn'l, of'tlo''lirst five eonturios-the p rd of inspiration and of martyrdom, andtooy whioch of the heroes of Christian th ooiht' was a Pope,' or whichl of Gelu moal Councils was celebrated by conyo oion of the Popo, or evden io Rome ? TIr sipredmaoy of the Pol'e dates from ie. false dooretals of Isidoro lereator, ISidoro'VIoroator w?s :a falsilicator sboogre gious that ignoritg soinpltely coolosios tioal history;' the. Latin of the first con tury,:and the Greek of all centuries, he wrote as'from fathers of the first 70 years of the Church, letters to fathers twho were not born till the end of the fourth tentury I Whn 'Iho' cites thie 3Bible 'he cites it with texts of.St. Geroniiuo, not written till 400 years later than the do. eumonts he falsifes. These forgeries were invoked by Nichlolas I. to sustain that Reto had for a very long period been the. hIead of humanity. 'Peter,' said tsodoro, " had been called in Groeek Cjelhas, or the head;' but no'small dili oulty arisees here, for . did Cephas moan t head. Yet t jsvoryvalsodecore-, tals Gbgory VII. ailed, indisputable I But ove the Jesui s reoognised theose as a lumsy tangled lieb, disfigured with audacious ed incomp hnsiblelie;es. "By 'do aring no not the Roman supremacy-- tor to thltt the Catholic peoples of bot couti'noits are conformed -bti" tiet is llibility Pope, through the me'e t of his being Pope, awakeons cords now slumbering and questions al iost fiorgotton. If all itheo Popes lhve been infa!lible,,thoi is it that so.many of 'tehq aoording to tihe Churoh's owdeeonfessi~ have been miet takeu? .Pope \Calixto 'as a Sabellian. For him there a no Gol the Son, Iut only the spirit wisoh de in the Son. Ppop Liberio was { Arina.Tho Sooind Porson of the Tri ity Was t'o? in hIis creed. Pop Ztzim was a P.an. Ino destroyed G e so destroyed Cihris tinnity. , Loo II. nnathematisod Pope Ifuri . 'Wehich of thoase two.woro wroilgg? If they dissented from enoh otlher on a oaiItal point of. dogma, hlw coul they oth be infullible ? Tie body 'of 'Popo Formosa was exhumed by one of his suocessors, dressed in Pous tifieal robeos, 'tricd' in pthlile, defended as in criminal, and soentonced to .hao thrqoefnlgers out of(thlo threb with w*hiih ehoused to' bless thi 'fithful)',~ nndithon be thrownt into tlio'yollow waters, of'th' Tiber-all whidli'nwac'li neo; WVidll"ob'f tihoso two Popes rias',infilliblo, the ji?lgo or thie oriminal, theo viotit or ilio qtypu tionor ? . I cannot comprehend.hosw'in an agohliko thist-an analytieal and rational. istic'ago-any one can propose to create 'theoidenathat a' man like thib rost of' li 6s;'ds,,~ id;:lik0 thbl;'oa wek,'on be" in. eapasble of 'rror.' To m'"y.' 'ind I can oonooeive, of enoo groaeior absudity.' 'It' nevertheless true, that the doctrinl of tli IPope's :Infallibility gaine ground. Teh ,correspnondents of the. Ultramontane papers are in ecstasics of faith andt otth'u a'sito wlhen they hear ilio Rlmnn people cry, out, ' Vive,, pho Potop "Infilltlhe l' .hlsijsyory pepp R Poeaoitateh a'iltc'!id oft three natllon, Franoe , Auqlria, etid'talt,t to uphold his brohou throneo. Tltoy, caI for the bayonets of tho' sons of ,'V?oltairoe 'tosustain tihe tiara :of the suneossor of St, Potor But, .bo this ,as t ininj:ay do not 'itppbsoe that tle Cio ?ivh will admiti th oompetonecy of teo people iu'matitera' of foit, nor .bo ready,,;to submi'"1tlibo Council to a plebieoite, T' rforfo,j tle .ories of the Romann populseoo, whlotn theo polieo oosily moveo, stignfy.nothing as';roe gardte the validity' of the dogma.,: 'Tie letter of the oelobirated Chaldain bishled, tvhio prbounCeld. against ito dhgma:s, des, lioweover, signifytfomel htingV"Maledioeiisa Itonpad upon him in' i.o e'Etortl Oity barve iboen of sucl magnitude and foroo htth:eyli touched hIis hIeart and- moved him to address a letter to theo Pope,: ox. olimsing 'Peconvi.' WVhIon it twas'found that hiis principal nrguments against Infallibility wore derived from Pope: HIlinrio, 'Ilyo:pitrodud.an.Arbia mtnu. script, undiscoevored hih'l"lsrt;,, prbving that Pope Honorio never was a horetio. Andti if that Pope was no hIeroeti, it reo mains proiod' that' Pio IX..oannot be infaoihlet;,::''Tle :limits of our in'etural' individua ity,r our' nooe?ssary oonditions, the knixt'uro of: dross and error with wilt wioe ForeeOie nall truths, the likeoness hotweon the Pope and other men, that dobill mkwhioh retnders all of us liable to sin no s piism, io evil attnd deceit, nall weit M nothing 'whent a'rgun d by tio Ohnldoann hishlop--nonthing in 'comparison to Popo Honoriol restored to 'verncity hy the Artbio itnusnttrltit. So Pope Pin IX. was man iwhlei thie OC noil began, qand rilli be God hloen the, Counoll hse conolhdod, E ?tliteno oradmltn,'. " This Assembly, diepoeed to lot tho Pope absorb all thie ?isho?s in his divine personaylity/' his'l it' teindsiioitus s'oao& like all other "mbiotdl aid odrdinary neasom. blies. Only a fdw:days'ngo,' the faithful who were painssing through the spacious extent of St. Peter's heard a horrible tumult in the hapel.b of the Council, though no one could explain the cause. One might hare supposed tlhey weore sct ting fire to th'eo sanctuary of thei Holy Ghost. That cry was a cry of fanaticism and intolerance. The old flames were roevivifying, the ancient turns of the tor ment. mere being ,resercwed, the old embers of the Inquisition were being rekindled. When th Obhuroh had coni pletoly desolated entire peoples by consigning them to heresy, one bisliop - Strossmayer, - celebrated for his opposition, to P'apal infnllibility, deolored that Protestantism ought not to be confoundo with inaterialism, pantho isIs, or with atheistm. In corroboration of this theory, he invoked those great Protestant t:hinkors who have defended the spirituality and immortality of the soul, the being of a God, and:Hi- incomr :municalilo Providecee.' When hieeited :Lioebdit~, tliord 'were slighi murmure from the eosnecript fatlhers of thb'spirit. .But when hie cited Guizot, there arose Ia tumult of protests like a oombat. The Spanish fatlmers especially direoted them selves to the tribune in hostile attitude, as if they,would oblige hium to descend by foco. Strobssmayr, sad imid siorroaw ful, has appoaled tol his Government to preserve his indepenldence of judgtmenr, and in hiis porplexiiy is asked' hiis friends if religious souls must seok a refuge in Protestin?tistli from thie blindnress of lnomain:prida ?. Thus .we sor what theo most likely resul .:nf this (?~Eumnonical Assemtly will beo-sirmply rdoubts for.rthO Smostipious intelligenoes. The end rf this assembly, which. havsing aspjred to be a saonato of goIds has:faolln lower tshan tIhe worst assemblies of men, will beo this- Etdrnal punishmenit on 'its pride, Wvhicel closes its eyes to freedom and to rn;aon." 