MEAT.-The price of meat in London is sensibly affected by imports from Australia. Mutton is so cheap in Australia and New Zealand that, when divested of bones, it costs only four cents a pound. It is packed in tin cases of about a quart measure. These, when filled, are boiled four hours in a cauldron, which cooks the meat sufficiently for indefinite preservation. 'Three hundred thousand cans of mutton are shipped every month to England where it sells for eight cents. apound. Beef is sent in the samea way, but in less quantity and at higher prices. It is upon this cheap meat, at eight cents a: pound free from bones, that the poenny dinners are afforded in London. Meat thus preserved differs from fresh killed meat in this, viz., that it loses much of its dis tinctive flavour. When it is re-cooked it requires judicious dressing to make it palnt able.; otherwiso, it is rather tasteless, though nutritious. Kangaroo meat can be got for the trouble of catching the animal. It is said to somewhat resemble venison. There is very little of it used, probably because, lilke our fat and tender gophers, the animal is a great post in Australia. The .meat has not been canned for export; but, like horse meat, it is wholesome and well flavoured, and itwould doubtless gradually find favour in. the market at convenient prices. Australia isanxious to trade with California, and the high price of meat here raises a presump tion. that canned mutton, at least, would find sale at eight cents a pound.-News of the World. Wodien, so amiable in themselves, are never so amiable as when they are useful; arnd as for beauty, though men may fall in love with girls at play, there is nothing to inake them stand to their love like seeing them at work.--Cobbstt. .A Missouri editor and justice of the peace married a couple in 1858, divorced them in 1860, married the man to another woman in 1861, married the woman to another man in 1862, and last week he re-married the original couple. ALIVE IN THE DEAD-TIOUSE.-The San Francisco Alta California gives an account of the experience of a German who was sup. posed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment:-The body was deposited in a ease where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The sever was put on and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of a mbst unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead house was sought after; but, being aware of what he was required to do, he sought con cealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out'among themselves rather than attempt to becomo peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career; but thenext instant the poor Gorman fell on the floor in:a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was ro stored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself:-" Vell, von I got sick and as in.bed that day the doctor came to me and said I.vas very sick. He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I yoke in de night, and there was no light. 'I put out my hand, and I could get no bed-clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to one side to try for the bed-clothes, and,' ooh, vat you think I got-vy a dead man l Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mit all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, vyen, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and called, and cried out all I could, and yen I vas get ting up 'my head struck a board that was covering me. 'Oh,' said I, 'veot does this mean? vere am I? Am I dead?' and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I 'thought I vas dead myself. I ,vas not shure. I had the dead man's dress on me. At last :the .door opened, and von I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I van caught. Then I fainted, and yen I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here." r' OnxooNs O RAcED TO THE SOUnRCE.-St. P'elagie and St. Lazaro are French prisons upon the old system. There the prisoners herd.together in workshops, yards, and dor 'mitories. Thence the youth, brought in for a trifling offence, issues forth ready for any crime and'ripe for the galleys or the scaffold. St.. Pelagie is described as a hotbed of vice and immorality for men, as St. Lazaro is for ?wombn.n' More work is done, however, at BSt.Pelagie' than at Mazas, because itis done :in common, and emulation is excited. One . of.the trades carried on there is the manufac ' ture of' velocipedes, another is the making of lamp-shaides out of paper dyed green by'a mixture of oxide of copper and arsenic, an occupation so unwholesome that the prison * doctor orders a quart of milk to be served out daily as an antidote to the men who follow it, and malres them also take warm and sulphur baths. Anothertrade there carried on is des .'oribed as follows:-" I wish the women who set the fashions would visit St. Pelagio ; then Sthey would sooee how these falsoe chignons are manufactuired which they imprudently hang . over their nape or suffer to float over their shoulders. One workshop is devoted to this branch, which is learnt in a very short apprenticeship. All the hair purchased off doubtful heads, picked up here, there, and everywhere, collected from the comb, or thrown into the street and caught by the hoITfonier's hbook, is sorted in shades, divided according to its length, and, after a cleansing process which does not makelo it much nicer, -it is sent to Pelagio, where prisoners pass their day in fixing it on silkeon threads. SThence when it has booeen clustered accord ing to the rules of art, it finds its way to the Rue Notro-Dame-do-Loretto, or to tihe Fau :bourg St. Germain." So0rTrrao NEV e WOOD.-We have been shown a sample of very aromatic wood sent down from Alaska, whiclh seeoms Sto be a species of yellow cedar, having a most pungent and singular odour, entirely different from anything we have ever on countered. The aromatic nature of the wood renders it extremely valuable for trunks to contain woollen clothing, fore, and such goods as are liable to destruction by moths, and admirably calculated for shelv ing for cloth and clothing stores. It is an excellent material for boat-building also, inasmuch as the toredo or boring worm will not touch it, on the contrary turns up his sharp nose at it. As the wood is cheap and can be shipped hero and sold at a moderate price, it will no doubt come into use. The sawdust and shavings if spread over the ground is death and destruction to ants and vermin, and would be a luxury to any dog for a bed as would leave him to sloop undis turbed by his natural enemy, the little in dustrious flea, which in California every man and woman pursuoth. Whenou in Alaska, Mr. Seward had several logs of it sent down, and thence east, to be used in his house. The wood is fine grain and admits of a high polish. A few hundred foot of the board were leoft at the yard of the Kim ball Manufacturing Company, corner of Fourth and Bryant streets, and a sample is on exhibition at the Alta office.-Nows of the World. The Londoners are much pleased with their new horse-railroads, though the oars have to them a " transatlantic" look. They are surprised to learn how much easier ordi. nary vehicles run when they can got the wheels on one or both sides, upon the smooth horse-car rails. The Baroness Rufini has just died in Paris, aged eighty-two. She lived in a wretched but, but had hoarded a million francs. The London organ of the Roman Catholic church declares that the mcumenical council cannot complete its work under a year. Miss Anthony has been calling, "in her best black silk and a cashmere shawl, with the name of the camel neatly embroidered in the corner." The Crown Prince of Austria is called a "dull, indolent, good-natured lad, who cares for nothing but dancing and music." Connecticut's coloured matron, one hun dred and six years old, has just died. Strangely, she never nursed George Wash ington. Paris has developed a now class of guides, philosophers, and friends, who pilot ladies safely across the crowded boulevards and then gently whisper that a slight reward would be acceptable. An injured husband in Dayton, Ohio, caught his wife just on the point of eloping with a handsome man. tie took a terrible vengeance by locking up all her good clothes and then telling her to go. A mineral spring has beeon discovered near Philadelphia which is supposed to possess wonderful medicinal properties, for its waters taste like damaged corn-beef brine drunk out of an old indiarubber shoe. They have seventy-five bachelors at Inde pendence, Missouri, over twenty-five years old, who have all been jilted at least three times. They have formed themselves into a club for mutual protection. In Hungary a vineyard is established in a graveyard-to give the wine body, probably. Rations that one can seldom live upon aspirations. Gen. Cary's niece, Anna, is studying for a lawyeress. A scale by which to determine the weight of cares has nearly been perfected by one of our mechanics. The moral men in New York who voted algainst opening the Mercantile Library on Sundays, cheated in balloting. An exchange wishing to avoid slang, deli cately advises its belligerent neighbour to "imitate the oeample of the rivulet in time of a drought." It is said that the black orang, or chim panzee, on being taught to wear clothes, be comes fond of them. It learns to liein bed with its head on the pillow, and pulls the clothes over itself like a man. The red orang learns to drink coffee and tea, and grows fond of wine. The blowing of the advertisers is what makes the trade winds. If you want to get a sure crop and a big yield, sow wild oats. A German writer says a young girl is a fishing-rod ; her eyes are a hook, her smiles the bait, the lover the gudgeon, and marriage the batter in which he is fried. An exchange says, "you might as well try to shampoo the head of an elephant with a thimbleful of soapsuds, as to attempt to do business and ignore printer's ink." That man's head is level. ELEVATED STYLE,-An indignant contem porary on the other side of the Pacific says, " the coward who would strike the mother of his children deserves to be shod with light ning, and condemned to wander eternally over a desert of gunpowder." Sr?Lv-MADE.-One of Disraeli's admirers, in speaking of him to John Bright said, "you ought to give him credit for what he has accomplished, as he is a self-made man." "I know hae is," retorted Mr. Bright, "and he adores his maker." 