COPPERFIELD. j [MOU A COEBE9POSDENT.] AB the polling-day drawe near the excitement increases, and the people seem to hare suddenly awoke to a sense of their privileges and respon- sibilities. After a long delay the Mayor deter- mined to obtain an expression of opinion upon the Rockhampton Separation Memorial, and called a public meeting bera for Saturday evening last. Bat as Dr. Benton had announced his intention of addressing tho electors at the same place half-an-hour later, the Mayor adjourned the Separation Meeting for one «reek to allow for the more pressing business being first attended to. When tbs announcement of the Separation Meeting appeared, it was suspected ta be a movement of the Lamb party, of which the Mayor is a prominent adherent j but after minute inquiries I am in a position to assure your Copperfield readers that the suspicion is baseless, and the Mayor most be acquitted of any sinister motive in calling the meeting. Dr. Benson's inseting commenced at the hour an noonced, and Mr. George Porter was unani- mously voted to the chair. Both parties were : represented by their respective adherent«, and I j am happy to «ay tliat the proceedings wera characterised hy very little aepority. Some bard knocks were exchanged, but the gentleman who for the last two years has embittered Our political strife, has wisely vowed to refrain from taking any part in «lie present contort, and con sequently wc aro enjoins; the spectacle of lively political discussion without the exhibition af personal malignity. The meeting WBS the largest ever held in this district, and the proceedi igs were on the whole orderly. Dr. Benson led off by regretting the absence of his opponent, who wa», however, ably repre- sented by Mr. Oscar de Satgé. The speaker said he was in favour of extending the railway to tho Dawson, and the construction of a cheap tramway, thence to the miue, whieh ho believed would pay well, owing to thc already largo traine in wool and copper, and the enormous latent resource* of thia district. Ho wouli favour the immigration of capitalists by offering liberal grants o' land, lie waa nut in favour of low wages, never having seen a prosperous com* munity where wages were vary low. Ile then urged the importance of increased represen- tation far the northern districts. He knew that Mr. Atken had applied to Mr. Lamb, then in power, for soma land around Clermont and Copperfield, but had boen distinotly refused Had tho request been complied with, we should not have seen the wood carters in enforced idle- ness for months during the late wet season, but they wmild soon been enabled to grow their forty bushels of com to the acre, es had been done by the Chinaman. The sneaker concluded by stying he would further address the eleclurs on thursday evening, and in the meantime he would be glad to hear what the other side bad to say on behalf of Mr. Lamb. He then re- sumed his seat amidst enthusiastic cheers. 1 A long pause followed, Mr. de Satge steadily refusing to address the meeting until Dr. Ben- son's supporters had done so. In tbe mean- time, Mr. TALBOT, an enthusiastic but pot vnliunt Bensonite, tickled the risible faculties of the meeting hy a constant fire of jokes at'the " Bloating Lamb," and hil " gentle shepherd," ' (Ur. de Satge.) Ultimately Mr. Browne pro- posed a rote of couQdcncc iu Dr. Benson, saying i that as Mr. de S itge had informed them Mr. Lamb was sick, it would bo advisable to send the doctor down to him. Ur. Talbot seconded tho motion. Another intermission followed, Mr. Lamb's friends vainly en to iv.»ur > ing to get the Doctor's supporters on their leg*. Ti» Chairman WM about ta put the resolution, when Mr. DR SATGE r^se amidst strong manifesta- tions of disapproval, and proceeded to u-ge ob- jection* to his opponent, who, ho said, wis about to sever his connexion with the district, and probably become the leading physician nt Hrisbanc. In that caso bc could not possibly continue to bc a Northern man, and if he were returned they would find that when his pre- sence wa* required in some important matter in the House, a messenger would tap him on . the shoulder, and be would be compelled to le-ivc ti attend the duties of his profession. The speaker complained of the reticence of Dr. Henson's supporters, and sli^initisjd it as the result of an unfair and concerted arrangement. These remarks were interrnptcd by a continuous Ore of interjection» and ejaculations, and after vainly obtaining the inte-position of the Chair- man, Mr. dc Satge declined to proceed with his speech. Dr. BENSON followed, rebutting the charges of the last speaker, and was loudly applauded. Mr. BUZACOTT also denied that he was a party to any concerted arrangement not to speak, and pleaded sickness. He would, however, claim their indulgence for half-en-hour on Tuesday next. (Applause.) Mr. DE SATGE followed, with a rather warm attack upon Mr. BUZACOTT, animadverting upon the persistency with which he had abused him (Mr. de Satge) in «lie Telegram. These remarks not bring palatable to the meeting. Mr. de Satgo again eat down Mr. Cr/SACE followed at Some length, and was loudly cheer jd throughout. Mr. DB SATGE then proposed as an amend ment, " That Mr. Lamb was a more St and proper person, &e.;" Mr. Woonnor/SE seconded the nntion. A show of hands being invited on bell ilf of Mr. Lamb, only seven h inds, includ- ing tho?e of Messrs. dc Satge and Woodlouse, wore hold up, the electors steadily declining to notice the bocks, nods, and winks of the Mine ofücors, and refusing to put up their hands when esmesáyentreated to do so by Mr. Talbot. Tbe CUAIUMAN waited with unusual patience, and tho " Lamhitcs " eventually withdrew their bands amidst derisive shouts from all parts of the room. The meeting closed with boisterous cheers from thr.se hundred throats in favour of the popular candidate. After the meeting, the leaders of both partieB adjourned to Host Porter's private mom, and there spent aa agreeable hour in pleasant banter, which seemed to be an effective, antidote to thc pungent doses administered during the public meeting. Judging by present appearances, Mr. Lamb has not tbe ghost of a chance here, but his supporters confidently expect to divide the town votes about equally, and they know that if this be realised the voting will be theirs. The station population are «iib Mr. Lamb to a man, and tile raannger and officers of tho mino are labour- ing industriously in connexion with the Messrs. de Satgé and H. S. HarJen, to divide the votes of the townspeople. Dr. Benson's supporters are equally confident or his return by a m jority of at least ten, ss had the present roll been in ase at the inst election it is quite certain that Mr. do Satgé would not hare obtained a majority. Ere this reaches you, the result will meit likely be known, as although the Beaufort return will not be in until Friday night at eoonsBt, the cegnotcenti on either side will be able to make a pretty reliable estimate of the station votes. Immediately after the eleotion, it is intended to consider tho Separation question. In the meantime you will be glad to hear that the cause is evidently gaining ground here, and that the jealousy of Rockhampton formerly excited by the squatters is dying out with the daily in- ore sing strength and intelligence of the popular party. » Copperfield, May 2,1870. 