CHAELES DICKERS. FHOM Men of the Time we take the following particulars respecting the great English novelist, of whose death intelligence has been received by the mail:— Charles Dickens, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay department, was born at Portsmouth in 1812. At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. His son Charles was placed as a clerk in an attorney's office; but a strong literary bias led to his obtaining soon after an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr. John Black. The editor, noticing his readiness and versatility, allowed him a theatre for the display of his graphic qualities by inserting in his journal those "Sketches of English Life and. Character," which were afterwards reprinted in a collective form, under the title of "Sketches by Boz," in 183C-7. "Boz" next wrote the "Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and subsequently by that of Hablot K. Browne, the "Pickwick Papers" found an enormous sale, and the name of the author was avowed to the world in 183S. The great success of Pickwick " led to a connection between the author and Mr. Bentley, who engaged his services as editor of his Mi*cdla»u, in the second number of which, in February, 1837, appeared the first instalment of "Oliver Twist." This story, which was published complete in three volumes at the close of 1838, lets the reader into some of the secrets of life as it used too frequently to be found in the parish union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villainy which form so black a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces.- It was admirably illustrated by the pencil of Cruikshank. Meanwhile "Nicholas Nickleby" appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with "Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that work. "Nickleby" was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then, aud are still, it is to he feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes in cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens tells us, in the preface to this book, that these disclosures resulted from a visit of inspection paid by himself to a school of the "Dotlieboys" class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled "Master Humphrey's Clock," and contained, amongst other tales, those since republished in a separate form under the names of the "Old Curiosity Shop," —famous for its episode of " Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity—and of "Barnaby Budge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with the name of Lord George Gordon, in the year 17S0. The pen of Mr. Charles Dickens was henceforth almost incessantly plied. About the time of the publication of Master Humphrey's Clock" appeared his " Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," the celebrated clown, almost the only production of his pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of "Master Humphrey's Clock" Mr. Charles Dickens set sail for America, Whilst there he visited a great part of the United States, and accumulated a store of materials, which he gave to the world on his return to England in 1842, under the name of "American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were much controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of " Change for American Notes." In 1844 he published "Martin Chuzzlewit." Having organised a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day, he commenced the Daily News, January 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and contributing to its columns, as we have already mentioned, his sketches from the south of Europe, under the attractive title of " Pictures of Italy," which were afterwards reproduced in a collective form. After a few months Mr. Dickens withdrew from his editorial post, and returned to his former line of humourous serial publications, varying, however, their monthly appearances with the occasional production of some stories of a more strictly imaginative cast, called "Christmas Books." Of these the first, "A Christmas Carol," was published so far back as 1843 ; the second, "The Chimes," appeared at Christmas, 1845 ; the third, " The Cricket on the Hearth," followed in 1846 ; the fourth, "The Battle of Life" (1847); and the fifth, "The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1848. Besides the above, Mr. Dickens has published "Dombey and Son," (1847-8). "The History of David Copperfield " (1849-50), "Bleak House" (1853), "Little Dorrit" 1856); also, "A Tale of Two Cities;" "The Uncommercial Traveller;" and "Great Expectations;" which last three were reprinted from All the Tear Bound. In 1850 Mr. Charles Dickens started Household Word*, a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years ; but a quarrel having arisen between him and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled All the Year Mound. A new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens's pen, entitled, "OurMutual Friend," was commenced May, 1864. Mr. Dickens has earned a high reputation as an amateur actor, and was one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and lias likewise been an active promoter of the Royal library Fund. A WISCONSIN newspaper describing a large farm which the advertiser wants to sell, adds the followingThe surrounding country is most beautiful ; the scenery celestial, divine; alBO two waggons, and a yoke of steers. 