OUR JAJRRAH ! What do we mean by : the expression " when the sap|is at the lowest ? " We trust tbat the minds of our readers are disabused of the commonly received opinion thot the sap in a tree is something like the mercury in a thermometer, that it goes up the trees in summer and comes down in the winter. We trust that their uiinds are disabused of the commonly received opinion, that " when the sap is at the lowest" the tree has no vitality. It is well known that the mere statement of misconception s will not lead men'to rectify themselves and endeavour to form new and probably true conceptions. How many times have Ghost stories been explained philosophically, and practically illustrated, and yet how many people are there who believe in them. So that to instruct, means something more than to laugh at one another's folly. We can uot journey many miles from Perth, without discovering much land covered with weeds that would yield a competence to any person who would cultivate it. We will endeavour to state what is the truth respecting the formation and the seasoning of the jarrah tree, before we can hope our readers to lay aside what we deem to be misconceptions. But then, to malre the process of woody formation plain to scientific readers, will necessitate a little laxity in the use of our words : not too much, else we shall deceive ourselves and others by using' figu v ative and analogical expressions. Some of the expressions made use of by Mr. Bickley will assist us best in helping our readers to understand the process of wood-formation. Alpha's expressions have too much of the 1 ring' of the Alchemist about them to he made serviceable for our purpose : there is too much ' analogy ' about them, while we have to deal with not what might be hut what is. The most lucid description that has appeared in this discussion as yet, is as follows: "the stem of a tree has its three portions, the central pith, the wood surrounding the pith, and the bark covering. The wood and the inner bark form a series of long tubes, which convey liquids up and down between the root and the leaves." We may make use of this description with the addition of another term " Cambium," which we must insert between the wood and inner bark. There must be considered then five parts, or portions (though there are several minor divisions) the pith, wood, cambium region, inner bark, and bark proper. All these five may be distinguished in a section of the twig of the fig tree, at the present season. With the formation of the pith and the bark we need not trouble ourselves any further in this discussion. We are limited, in our investigation of what we are to do to, and withtbe Jarrah, strictly - to a consideration of the inner bark or liber, the cambium and the wood. As the Inquirer well says the " sap" •-> called is never stationary. Were the 4 * sap" stationary chemical changes would take place in the tree while it is standing, like those which, take place when it is properly girdled, or " cut down" to kill it. Mr. Bickley's expression, when the sap is in full vigour helps us to understand the matter more clearly. His expression will permit us to conceive of the sap at some time or other being at its minimum of force, just as in the case. of a sick man when his pulse is feeble. The sap however is still circulating in the tree as the blood i6 in the veins. Were the heart to cease or the sap to become stationary, chemical changes would produce in both organisms putrefaction or decay. We wish to know then whether the tree is to be "girdled" when the jsap.is in full vigour, or when it is at it§.minimum. Before we can give a definite answer, we must in general terms describe the sap in full vigour and when it is at its minimum. As there is : tin- • certaiuty when, what is called an,increase in. the vigour of the Bap • commemces we shall not mention the •name of any month. Suppose however, that the sap is moving out of its so ! called minimum of vigour, what is it to be considered then ? The crude sap thus moving in the sap wood which includes both inner bark and cambium, is „of a watery character—it has a little mucilaginous matter, like that you may feel in the cutting of a fig tree to-day, but it has no coloring matter. It may contain a few mineral salts held in solution. We shall see plenty of this crude sap when our vines commence bleeding. How this vigorous action is commenced is beyond the present question. It moves along impelled by a peculiar Attraction called osmotic. Along its course upwards it is acted upon by atmospheric iufiuences through the pores (?) of the bark of the tree. It passes on and upwards until it reaches the leaves and changes are effected there as mysteriously as in the blood of man when it has reached the lungs. Our readers will be surprised perhaps at the number of pores in the leaves when they learn that there are 450,000 in a square inch on the underside of a leaf of the Solanum Sanctum. When the crude sap has been exposed to the action of the light and air and heat it undergoes all the changes necessary to fit it for the purpose of making wood. In faot it is called elaborated sap in opposition to crude sap which it was called before these changes were produced. It descends principally through the cambium prp.rtion nearest to the heart wood -a little of it descends by means of the inner bark to the roots. Now, if these statements are true, . and we shall have no objection to any one testing them, we may arrive at some definite conclusions as to what we are to do at our Jarrah tree. There are two kinds of sap the crude and the elaborated. When the trees are driest, as some would say, the " elaborated sap" hat effected all the changes necessary for the formation of wood during one season. All the cell-formative matter is quiescent in the cambium region, waiting for the new and fresh impulse which is given to the vitality of the tree after a rent When the "sap" is rising, Mr. Newman thinks that by ringing the tree it would be deprived of its natural juices that is its natural juices would not rise from the roots and would be destructive of its durability. If however, the juice, or virus or tertium quid, be elaborated up in the tree, ringing the tree " when the sap is at the lowest" or at its minimun would really be useless and Mr. Doyne's suggestion ought not to be followed out. When the " sap is in full vigour," the work of elaboration of the sap is taking place. The elaborated sap descends f> through the cambium, and the liquine in s -that sap gives the distinguishing feature to the trees. The lignine deposit in the Ebony tree is black-in the Black Walnut . is dark brown-in the Cedar it is purplish red; and in the Jarrah its colour is ac- ; cording to the amount of elaboration it has undergone. We shall endeavour to show!what is that quality in the Jarrah which resists the ravages of the white ants. We can only be thankful for the facts stated by Mr. Bickley who has made observations upon the effects of ringing the Jarrah tree when the sap is at its minimum of vigour. As we have said when .'the sap is down, or as some would 6ay when the tree is diy the cellfformative matter is quiescent. The cell formative matter is composed of a starchy kind of substance, and thus the white ants would devour it, as Mr. Bickley says they are devouring Jarrah as freely as they would deal." That the sap descends and contains the essence of a tree is evinced by the simplest proofs. Remove a ring of bark and it causes the arrest of the , development of wood below the ring. Ringing fruit trees in this way causes a temporary increase of product of fruit above the wound, from the accumulation of the elaborated matter. When the. sap is in full vigour practical wood cutters can easily tell. If we are to ring them let it be when the sap is in fall vigour—but whether we are to " ring" or cut down the Jarrah will be considered now. IN the practical working of the forthcoming election, we fear it is not improbable that some mistakes may be made by the electors. We have heard that some who when they went to qualify themselves as voters were told by a certain Magistrates Clerk, that they mu t write a letter to him, stating their desire to be registered as voters. Had the Clerk read the Ordinance, he would not have committed such an error. To prevent any mistake, we have had an intimation of the fact that a form like the following may now be obtained at the offices of the various Magistrates' Clerks in the colony. The forms are to be filled up by those who wish to have their names put upon the electoral roll. We have also authority for stating that a written form like the one we give below, filled up and forwarded to the magistrate's clerk of the district, will answer all that is required. As many of our fellow-colonists are unacquainted with the details of elections, we have felt it necessary to obtain the above information for them. We think that some confusion would have been avoided, if such forms had been sent to every householder in the Colony:— To the Magistrates' Clerk of the District of I hereby give you notice that I claim to have my name inserted in the Electoral List for Electoral District of in virtue of the Freehold Property which I possess at (or of the Dwelling House which I occupy at Dated the day of 18 (Signature.) WE have observed of late an increase of mendicancy in the town of Fremantle. No doubt there is some want of employment for working men arisitig from the monetary pressure of the times, and the consequent cessation of wages bears hard upon the wives and families of the unemployed. We cannot however but confess to a feeling that a good deal of the prevalent distress is the fault of the working men themselves. Improvidence and want of economy are the characteristics of a large proportion of the people in all newly settled countries, and especially is this the case with the families of working men. This no do bt arises from tha fact that they are placed in easier circumstances here than in the fatherland, and find it upon the whole, much less difficult toget a Jiving. Finding themselves in a more favorable position than they ever had before, they are apt to think that it will be always sunshine, and that they have no occasion to look out for a rainy day. Steady, industrious and skilful men can get a living in W. Australia, and something more. We have known many who came here with hardly a penny in their pocket, and after living here a few years have saved a sum sufficient to pay the passage of themselves and families to Adelaide or Melbourne. When a time of pressure arrives, it is the unskilful and the unsteady who are first discharged from employment, and they should remember this, and seek by industry and sobriety to acquire the goodwill of those who are able to give employment. There are men in Fremantle who received fair and remunerative wages for years, but who never .thought of the future and spent all as fast as they obtained it,,and,now. when hard times prevail the wife has to sell furniture and clothing to obtain bread for the children. We do not mean to say thatthese cases are numerous, but we know of . such cases, and we hope that Government will be able ere Lng to give employment to all who need it by the commencement of some useful public works. Our town has no public buildings with any. pretensions to architectural beauty except perhaps the Lunatic Asylum, and we hope ere long to see some new structure erected that may be an ornament to the town. The present Custom ' House is a dingy, damp and dark building, and too small for the growing, requirements of the service, and as Fremantle is the principal port at which the largest amount of the revenue is received, the time has certainly arrived,for building a new Custom House. YESTERDAY the cutter " Pearl," a very well built and serviceable boat was (as previously announced by advertisement) sold by Auction on the Jetty. The attendance was not numerous; and Mr. D. B. Francisco, who was the Auctioneer on the occasion, Laving waited till the last moment bad to commence proceedings wieh but a sparse auditory. The cutter which is one of aoout seven tons register, and nearly new, was alongside, and the terms of sale were "approved bills at three months." After some little time a bid of £50 was obtained, and then the price gradually and slowly crept up to £80, at which figure she was finally knocked down to Mr. W. Watson (formerly of Rankin & Watson) who we understand intends taking her to the N.W. Coast, and employing her in the pearl shell fisheries for which occupation she is no doubt eminently adapted. After the sale of the Pearl the Auctioneer took his audience down to the platform opposite the " A " store, and there disposed of sundry oddments, consisting of bags, wire, twine, oars, an ullage cask of ale, &c.;, &c.;, at fair prices. Altogether we should imagine the sale was satisfactory, and the extreme fineness of the weather made the attendance upon it rather a pleasure than otherwise. 