\- Carrmjioukatc. ' ' : -,TO. JOHN SEARCH. (To .tho. Editor : of Lite Protestant Standard) v' A long note consisting mainly "of. ,qu-. . Nations from Pishop Pull nni Dn Wtutbi/.. jF -.As. those, writers' are not: authorities' 'their opinions may lie passed over." — Rev; -Tiiomas Scott. ? -V . fi 1 Slit, — " The Popery of Ritualism" ;is rather an indefinite expression. If applied to the Ritualism of Judaism it would 'be absurd; for Ritualism is : not always Popery, but without being hypercritical, just glance through paper No; The writer informs the public that an attempt has been made to silence, if not refute, these articles by shutting up, the columns of this journal ; and from this he draws the logical conclusion, because some |few persons have so 'threatened a journal United circulation, the evidence is "coin - , , pleted) Vib; proof. 6f the existence of Popery " int-he? doctrines, the practice, &o.;> ' of the ' i Church . of , England." : The . levidence of bishops, .professors, authorised .teachers, so ; largely quoted was then incomplete without this fresh proof of a few persons in Sydney, New South: Wales, holding forth ithe said threats. ? How fortunate for; the . writer that this clenching evi dence thus turned ; up in, , Sydney, New South Wales, so opportunely We really congratulate liiin that now his. evidence is complete, that the Articles, Homilies, &e.;, of the Church of - England are Popish. This logic reminds us of Paddy, " If," said lie, " one feather be so hard what must a feather bed be ?" If a few ! unknown individnuls hold forth a threat, why then the evidence is complete of Popery in the Church of England. This is rich indeed. . The logic sure is true, That a foot is not a shoe. Passing over the writer's abuse, which we would have hardly expected from so chaste a writer, and thanking him for his expression of sympathy, we come to his assertions — 1st, that " S." has been taught to believe, &e.; What does the writer know of the history of " S.," or what, he lias been taught? A mere casual acquaintance can't supply this in formation. Next lie asserts that "R" has grown up in the belief, &c.;, that Dissenters are a set of cantankerous ignoramuses. Now this is an unwarrant able libel, contradicted by a long life and a close fellowship with leading men of the highest character, ministers of the Congregationalists, Wesleyans, and Church of Ireland, to wit, Burnett, JPope, Gordon, Baptist Noel, '#c., with whom he was associated in the times of the discus sions with O'Connell, Burk, Shield, Bishop, English, &c.; Perhaps before. " John Search" was born, his bouse was always open to them -both at home and in the colony, as well as his purse, yet this slander is published by a person little more than a stranger, who affects meek ness and courtesy of expression. ' Next, assertion — " That " S." lias un dertaken to defend a church whose doc trines he does not understand." , " seems to have a great veneration for bishops and authorized teachers. Well, what was their judgment when " S." was proposed for ordination, and presented his views of the jj.rticles and Doctrines of the church to two bishops, an archdeacon, &c.; ? They were fully approved of. The. one was- the late Bishop Broughton, the other, the Bishop of Melbourne, the Archdeacon; Dr. Cowper, &c.; Hut, per haps, " J. S.". may wish. to know, as lie is so personal in his attacks, what were the objections to his ordination— not that he' did not understand, but that he was too' intimate with Dissenters — that he was a Trustee, of the Congregational, Church, Pitt Street, which lie helped to. build, aud was pressed to take the Pastorship of it. These are cruel personaliiies to an old man, but they are insignificant in comparison of the perversions " J.S." has indulged in' his. last. letter. Passing over, the ' self-complacency of the writer, we come to the mountain of his quotations, but must first observe tin t we truly do hot understand " the drift of our paper," for we believe it has drifted beyond comprehension. , " We, have quoted," he says, '' Articles, Liturgy, &c.;,'&c.;" but is that . any proof that ho understands them, or that the inferences arc just drawn from , them, or that "J.S.'' is ,a competent judge. The llev. Thomas Scott, observes— " Many --things' which' hasty and superficial controversialists 'hiiva charged with devia tion from the sacred oracles to human tradi tion, when carefully investigated, each word and clause, and in the connection in which it stands, and the guards ' put around it, will convince the impartial enquirer that the charge is unfounded, und lead him to admire the depth of acquaintance with the holy Scriptures discemable in these; 1 ' venerable ' writings." Opinions without- iuvcstigatiug all sides of the 'question are worthless, arid' this is wliat' we : complain of here— that the bishops' and' writers 'brought forward are all of one school, Armenian and semi-Papists ; of the .bishops, archbishops, ' dignitaries, divines; ; and ' authorized teachers' quoted as exponents of the Articles, Homilies, . &e.;, of the Church . We have placed at the head of this paper the Rev.- Thomas Scott's opinion of some of these, Bishop- Bull and Dr. Whitbey, that they are not authorities, and their opinions may be passed over — and why -?' because their expositions are- contradictory to the Articles 'and.1 the Homilies, &o.;, of the Church. Wetake willfchefavouriteaufchor- ity of, Bishop Man t, quoted by "J.S." " For thirdly, our corrupt ' nature is changed in baptism, and there is a reno vation effected thereby The sum. is, that baptism doth seal a pardon to us. for all former transgressions, &c.;, &c.; Now, we ask where this doctrine is to be found in the Articles or Homilies of the Church of England? Are we to be lieve such men as these? Are we to sanction such men as authorities ? Sir Herbert Jenner Fust, is also quoted as a high authority—" That chil dren invariably and always were spiritu ally _ regenerated in and . by the act of baptism." But does the church teach this ? that . the act of baptism regenerates the child. The language of the church is — " None can enter into the kingdom of .God except he be regenerated and horn anew of water and of the Holy Ghost;" " wash and sanctify him with the Holy Ghost." "Give thy Holy Spirit to this infant, that he may he born again." The efficacy of prayer ij sought praying, that the only agency of regeneration, the Inly Ghost, may be granted, so that the child may be born again — not in or by the act of baptism, for the Homily says, — " Whereas otherwise if he (Nicodemus) had known , the great power of the Holy Ghost, in this behalf, that it is he that invariably worketh regeneration and new birth throughout the whole of tho Homi- li(-s, ; Articles, and Prayers, the Holy Ghost is the acknowledged agent of re generation. , Even infants dying in their iufancy, baptised or not. baptised, are .declared to ba saved, not by baptism, but " by. this sacrifice "of Christ." It would be a waste of time and space to go through, the numerous quotations adduced by " J. S ," as being authorita tive exponents of the Articles and Homi lies of the Church of England. We, i.e., the evangelical body of the Church, en tirely repudiate them as Armenian and semi-Popish — as setting up their own dogmas for the creed of the Church, whether they be archbishop, bishop, pro fessors, &c.;, we care not — weavenotled away by names, or titles, or dignities — \ye compare their views with the standard of the Church, and wo find them wanting ; or in the language of the Rev. Thomas Scotf— " We do not acknowledge them as authorities'; tliey are the blind- lead, ins the blind." They answer, however, " J.. S.'s" purpose. ... Wis will select, here, a few: of these writers,., hot' quoted by " Jv S." The Bishop of Liucoln, says, It is the c/ot;- trine of our , Church that .' baptism duly adininistcred coni'ers justification." ".Baptism rightly received, seals justifi- , cation, as Abraham's , circumcision sealed to him tlie righteousness of faith"— Scott. " By baptism," says Bishop Bull, " all sins, committed ; before?, the grace of the Gospel is? received, ar.o washed away, &c.;" Where does this orthodox bishop find this baptism is the sign, or.' seal of re generation, or the new birth, not themeans of : washing . away. sin. . Unless we . take Acts.xxii. and .16 v., or Titus iii.-, >o., lite rally, as an authority, and then that, would be the word of God and not the Articles And, Homilies of the Church. - It is only necessary, tb say that, the Church requires th Qpre:fetj.\tisites of repentance and ; faith, theyi'Mi' of regeneration, in order, that persons be baptised ; .and declare baptism :to ,.be. the ...seal: or sign of regeneration. . ,The;tAyo things , are kept quite distinct. The water is the: outward or. visible sign 'of regeneration which is described as "a. .death unto sin and a new birth ? unto righteousness y for being, by nature born .in sin. anci the children of wrath, j we. .are , hereby, (by regeneration, not by baptism) made the, children of God." . , ' . It is not, therefore, by the op'enl op'cra- tion of the clergyman as in the 'Romish iChurcb/nor by the; rite of biptism, that' we look 'for regeneration. -. : ?We- pray for the Holy : Ghost, we pray 'for . riiinj ' for numerous blesssings ; we. believe: i in. ithe. efficacy of praj'er, especially the ?united' prayer of a congregation . Biit why- is it : that we have not these blessings : Is; it that, .God. is .pnfai.thful to His . promises ? ?No ; but that we ask and; receiye not; because we. aik-atuiis.' , . i . ; What We complain' of ' is that " J.-S."- seems tb force us into submission-! to the \- teaching of these unorthodox and. unsound teachers as ' exponents of -bttr Articles, and we naturally ask why leave all their (.'Opponents ; out of". ;court? : why,' bring in ;one- iided witnesses only ? We cab only suppose i'ilinfc J.- S," lias never read these writers; otherwise surely he would have named them and quoted from them. The writer says that " S." protests against the church being judged by the writings of her bishops, &c.; Certainly, if they write not according to the oracles of God, for the Article says — "Whatso ever is not read nor may be proved there by is not required of any man to believe ;'r nor can the church, in its collective capacity, " decree anything against the same ; " and that "councils may err, and sometimes have erred." — (Article.) But, is this a fair way of putting this question? " J. S." assembles a packed jury of bishops, &c.;, of one school — the Armenian one — and then advances tho Papistical d- gma that we must implicitly believe their writings, as the writings of fallible men, however authorised they may bo to preach. Line the Bcreans, we judge them and condemn them; "Prove all things, hold hist that which is good." " S." is charged with setting up " his individual authority against Liturgy, Rubrics, &c.; " S." sets up his "idivid- ual authority " against the false interpre tation placed upon these, although there be a host of bishops, doctors, &c.;, so doing, lie calls no man Master; )' to the law and the testimony " is the standard the church herself refers him to. — (See Articles.) "J.S" designates poor " S." "air. unauthorised solitary individual." Is this the cloven foot of Popery condemning, the right of private judgment; and from a writer who professes— " we regard free discussion as the . birthright of all true Protestants, and as a privilege conferred upon us; ; by.. Protestantism." Yet he denies this birthright, this, privilege to " the unauthorised solitary individual." The very dogma of Popery that the; laity being unauthorised does not question the teaching of bishops, doctors, dignitaries, &c.; We begin to suspect, that ''.J. S." has b?en at St. Mary's lately.;. , what a contradiction, between the opening profes sion of. Protestant rights of free, discus sion, and.thcjcondemnation of the indivi-. dual exercise of it. . ' S." is termed "a solitary individual,"1 what was . Wiuklifle, what was Luther, Huss, &c.; ? But is this standing alone to deprive the , individual, of the, right to exercise private judgment? What Popery ! But it is not true that " S." is solitary, lie is of the school of Simeon, Yenn, Scott, Beveridgo, Marsh, (not Bishop Marsh,) &c.; , &c.; -..He associates .with writers and divines, who have been the guardians of the evangelical principles of ...the. Church against the false teachers, (who have been so common- to all Churches, even in the Apostles days), so profusely , quoted by "J. S" to brand the Church with popery. ' , Passing from " J. S's." Popery, . wo. . cpmo to Dr. Pusey,, Bennett, &c.;, whom . "S." designates, , Jesuits, &o..; ' Such,; has Pusoy been described in the public prints by .those who have known him, and as for Bennett, his own statements .confirm . the ' justice of such a charge. , But " S." never said, as represented by " J. S."— That all Ritualists were Jesuits, nor ever named VVilberforce ; these are the whole sale assertions of the writer. ; , The Rev. Thomas Scott charges sueb men.with gross hypocrisy,, . r. are guilty of base venality, and- corrupt am bition, men who disbelieve her doctrines and disapprove her worship." "J. S.". seems hurt with being accused of associating with such ' ' traitors ;' ' hut we must 'judge a man by the, company lie keeps ; he -'s, elects the writings of these ihcn as his witnesses, but ignores the other school. These are his authorities, but not ours. . Y ' ' : V " I f The ehargc of garbled quotations seems to have been made in . ignorancy of the meaning of the . word:; " J; sS." stated 'tli'at the Apocrypha :were quoted ias Scrip- iture.; A. charge J again; .repeated, " S.'r showed tliat these articles distinguished between prophets,; apostles, J'ai.hors, and holy doctors; ;and did ; not put thein on a» equality, in contradiction to Ar ticle VI. Therefore/ that such was not a fact. Next that the 'reference to Tobit (Holy Tobit) &c.;, &c.;, had nothing to do with doctrine, "but was1 merely held up as an example' of charity1 and good works (the celebrated Howard and Wilberforce may have been introduced in tlie same way). Therefore there was no necessity of quoting a long extract from Cyprian, and so plastering up the Protestant Standard with long paragraphs, and leaving? little or no room for "J. S.'s" telling semi- popish extracts. !' The quotation from Hume- has beeiv already noticed;- '1 hat the ; Bill of Uni— ' ibrmity, as well 'as -'penal law, the Five Mile Act, &c.;, were all Acts of the Imperial, Parliament, on which magis- 'trates acted, and 110 doubt in many in- ; stances were backed by the bishops. "But when the design was perceived, ?'c. (of tolerating the Koman Catholics) by the King beginning to claim a dispensing power, the Parliament, hitherto so sub servient, began to be alarmed. With a view to keep out all Papists they made ' the law against all non-cpnforniists still more strict j and some of our severest liaws against dissenters originated in this policy — as the Test Act, the Five Mile Act, &c.; And it was remarkable, some of the wisest and' most leading men amongst dissenters aided the Parliament in these measures against the Court, ' well aware of the design of the Papists, being content that their own party should ' suffer for a time ''rather than ; that the door should be thrown open to the for mer."— -Fry. The battle was between >, the King bringing Popery in,' and the Parliament upholding Protestantism,: which led to these extreme measures. ' We arc next favoured with "J. S." ' presuming; and on this we are treated with a long extract from Dr. II. Marsh, Bishop of Peterborough, who appears really a helpmate to " J. S." But this extract may have been saved, as the Dr. Marsh we quoted was never a bishop, but a sound evangelical of- the true school which "J; S." seems to have' igndred: The garbled quotation fioiii Bisbop Sumner, taken by " J; S." ' from two distinct pages, comes ''bather strange from a party so' captious of' his friend " S," but r we must only suppose that "J. S.!> has become so '.bewildered with bishops, .doctors, professors, none of' whom "would '< acknowledge him at an authorized teacher, that lie 'has 'lost his Protestantism in a , cloud of Arminian and semi- Papistical writers, whom the orthodox body of' the Church totally ignore. The question, then, resolves itself into this, that while we grieve to see a host of men .eating the bread of the Church, yet labouring like Pusey and Bennett, &c; j to corrupt her people,' her ordinances, and , her services, we deny that either their writings or their Papistical innovations, or the writings of the bishops, dignitaries of: the Armenian and semi-Papistical school , are the authorized opponents of her standards, and that, it is not just, fair, nor honest to club these together as authorities, aad to omit the evangelical 1 school of writers, whom we consider the soundest exponents of Our Articlesj Homi lies, &c.;, that the method thus pursued is a grievous wrong to the Church, a hiisrepro- ' sentation of' her Doctrines, which we agree with the; He v. Thomas Scott (no mean' judge, however 'inferior be 'may be ' as a controversialist(and clivino to " tTohn; Search .") in his reply to .the Bishop of Lincoln— -" It is truly wouderful that our reformers especially, who seemed in some respects more ' compliant than those of other countries,' have » preserved the Articles and Liturgy in general so free from bias, derived from- 'that .source (the Vatican) ''as. we actually- find them. " ' And would lead hinr to aclinife tlip depth of acquairitahce.with the'hdly, Scriptures discernible, iu these venerable1 writings." . "J. S." Wiill be further consiccred. " ' : ' ' s. : 