AH EHSODB Of WStM BALAi '?nr.-a.ir* rjflaTtt3.il __L^1 \- The following purports to 'be anac;; count, narrated ty bimielf, «f tl»e share taken b y. John Payne, alies u Butcher Jack,' ofthe 17th tancere.lin the floings of that kIoHods jet moamful oay.-^ . . ' 'Well, yon Bee/it wag in the autumn of 1851 that the English and French Armies were lying lovingly enough toge ther in front of Sevastopol, that' nut which took them a time to crack. Our cavalry had a camp of ihoir own upon the hill side near Oadtkoi, and the old! 'Death's Head and Cross Bones/ to I which I belonged, were there among the I rest, forming part of the Light Brigade.! 'We had a Beparate commissary of our 1 own, and handy men were told 'off from! the various troops to act as butchers. I 'I never was backward when there] web' an v work to do. and when some fellows were moping helplessly in the] bents, or going sick to hospital, every] morning I was knocking1 about as jolly] as a eandboT/doingajob iiere and one] there, and always contriving to get more ] or less tipsy before nightfall. If you can j drop across any of the old Crimean Light Brigade, just you ask them if they re-j member ' Batcher Jack,' of the Lancers, | and* eee what the answer will be. I was as well known in the Brigade as old Cardigan himself, and in my rough and tumble way got to be quite a popular character. Indeed, if it had not been for my inordinate fondness for the drink, I might have got promotion over and over again. But I used to find my way] shoulder high into tbe guard tent pretty I regularly once a 'week, and more than ] once saved the skin of my back by being I known as a willing, useful fellow, when I sober. v ] ' One slaughtering day at the comtnis- ] «ary*B we had killed, flayed, and cut up oar number of beasts, and there was a lot of rum knocking about, for the commis sary guard knew how to get at the grog, and were free enough with it among the butchers, for tbe sake of a nice tender steak. Paddy Heffernan, of the Royals, and I managed to get as drunk as lords before we found time for a wash,, and one of the commissary officers came across us while in this state, and clapped us in the guard tent before we could say ' knife.' One place was as good asanother I to us, so we lay there contented enough all night, taking an occasional tot of a I bottle which Paddy managed to smuggle] into the tent where we were confided. It was getting on for morning before we. dropped off into a heavy drunken sleep, out of which the commander-in-chief himself would have had a hard job to have -aroused us. We must have had a long snooze, for it was broad daylight before we were awakened by a tremen dous cannonade close by, making the very tent poles quiver again. I still fell deucedly muzzy, for rum, as you would know if ever you get tight on it, is jlmrd stuff to get sober off, yet I managed to pull myself together enough to know where I was, and could give a shrewd eueBa what all the row was. I sat up with the 'intention of hearing more about it frem some of the guard, but to my surprise there was not a soul in the tent 'but Paddy and myself, and 'there was not even a sentinel upon the door. So we both got up on end, and had a stretch, and t£en walked coolly out of the guard tent, only to find the camp utterly de serted, not a man being apparently left in it. Turning to our tent, we sat down, and over a refresher -rat of the inex haustible ram bottle we tried, in a boozy sort of way, to argue out the position. Trom where the camp was we could sot see what was going on down in the valley, bv reason of a low ridere which interceD ;ed the view, but we could tell it must be pretty warm work from the. hot and ;ontinuons firing which was being kept up. At last, says I to Paddy, 'Why should we be out of the fan? Let's get up to the sick borse lines, and Bee if there be anything left there fit to put one leg in front of another.' ' Agreed,' cries he heartily enough, so I got hold of a bat cher's axe for a weapon, and he a Gtrord, and half drunk as we were, and just in the condition we had left off killing the night before, we started off for the eick horses. But it was no go for a moment here, for here were but two brutes left, and one of them had a leg like a pillar letter bos, while the other was down on the side, and did not look much like: t iBing again. Determined nit to be' beaten, we started off on foot, and making our way round by the rear of the Btaff, who were on the edge of the little ridge, we dodged down into the valley just in the rear of the position of the heavy. cavalry. ' Fill the pot again, Governor. And I may as well tell you it was Balaclava morning, and the heavies had already charged the Cossack*, and emptied a good many eaudjei, Bussian horses were gallopping ^Ji|japTjesB, and Paddy! and myself pa^d company to give chase to a couple pfTtheseV with some trouble, nag, which I judged from the saddle and: accoutrements fcnst have been an officer's' charger, it was easy to see from the state of the saddle that the .former rider had been desperately wounded, audthe reins, too,' were bloodier than a 'dainty man-would have liked ; but I was noways squeamish, and mounted the little horse' in a twinkling. ? The moment -I bad got my seat I gallopped np to the Heavy Brigade, and formed up cool on the flank Bf'tte old Boyals. They lajughed at me, tt if I jjaabeen a clown in a pantomime, and i had not been in position a couple of minutes too when up oame Johnny, Lee, their adjutant, on his old bay mare, I at a tearing gallop, and roared to 'me to 1 0p i» h— r- ^nt of **at.' There's noj mistake, I was not much credit to them.] I wm hwrehoaded, and my hair was like ^l»b^aaer^ainnf^W^iEB^a«l»are bntehering the day beKreiaaaiiadtaever wiped*E %&*2*to& ^Tyft boots came up to *he «iigTi,:«nd mstead of a sword liwd'Clie axe over my shoul der at the slope, as regimental as you .um T4ia ?Russian must have ridden lUCOOV) i*— *r — — — - very short; my knees were up to my nose in bis stirrup, and so you may lma eine ttat, taking me all in all, I was rather a hot looking member, especially if you remember that I was fully half seas over. . . . ?»? » 'The heavies were in a position to support the Light Brigade, which had iust got the word to advance. So, when the adjutant of the Boyals ordered me ofij I looked straight before me, and saw the Light bobs going out to the front at an easy trot, and on the right of the front rank I caught sight of the plumes in the lance hats of my own corps, the old seventeenth. My mind was made up on the instant. Hamming my spurleBS heels into the ribs of the little Russian horse, I started off in pursuit of the Light Brigade as fast as I could make him go, with shouts of laughter from the heavies, and chased unsuccessfully by a couple of officers of the Greys, who I tried to stop me for decency's Bake. As the lifrftt bobs were only advanced at a trot I wasn't long before I ranged up Mlnnnside their rieht 'flank, and there was dd nosey, as we used to call old Cardi gan, well out to the front, and in front cf lim was young Nolan of the 15th, with lis sword down at the ' right engage ' ilthoogh we were a long way off an jnemy. Just as I came up in line with the flank sergeant of the front rank, who looked sideways at me as if I had been a ghost, Cardigan ^turned round in his saddle to say a word to the field trumpeter riding at his heels, and then with a wave of his sword went off at score out to the front. In another second all the trumpets of the brigade sonn^dthe 'charge/ and sitting down on our saddles and setting our teeth hard, off we went pell-mell across the valley as hard as ever horse could lay foot to the ground. Presently we got within range of the Russian battery which was playing right into our teeth, and I saw Nolan, who was a long way out to the front, galloping as if fora Wflser, toss up his arms, and with a wild shriek fall 'from his liorse. On still, faster and faster as our horses got ex cited and warmed to their work, heedless of the torrent of snot tnatcame reunug through us, and stopping for ever many a bold rider. As for myself, what with drink in me, and the wild excitement of a headlong charge, I went atark mad, and sent the plucky Russian horse ahead a pace which kept me in line witu the very foremost. Nearer and nearer we came to tbe dreadful battery, which kept vomiting death on us like a volcano, till I seemed to feel jratny-eWtekthe hot air from the cannon's mouth. At last wo were on it. Half a dozen of us leaped in among the guns at once, and I with one blow with my axe brained a Russian just as ho was clapping the linstock to the touch-hole of his piece. With another I split open the head of an officer who was trying to rally the artillery detachment in the rear, and then what of us were left went smack through tie stragglers, cutting! and slashing like fiends, right straight at the column of cavalry drawn up behindjthe battery. 'What happened then, eay ybu? I can't tell you much more than this tfiat j.i.An «,nnA«niinJ 'tifl IiIta fl unrnrm Oi DC8S. and we, not more seemingly thai a couple of dozen of us to the fore, wire hacking, hewing awByour hardest, each individaal man the centre of a separalje melee. I know I never troubled, about guards myself, but kept whirling the ax^ about me, every now and then bringing it down to some purpose, and ever as ij fell the Huskies gave ground a bit, onljl to crash denser round me a minute after Still nothing seemed to touch me. The^ dursn't come to close quarters with the bword, for the axe had a devil of a long reach, and they dnrsn't use pistols, fot they were too thick themselves. Im hanged, if I don't think I should have been there till now had I not chanced to hear above the din a trumpet from some wbeie far in the rear sound 'Threes about.' Bound I wheeled, Btill thrash ing about ime like a windmill, slap through thB heait of the battery again, knocking over an artilleryman or two as I passed, and, presently overtook a small batch of men of various regiments, who under CpJoneU.Ses^Jl^f the - 8th, were trvins to retreat in some1 «ad*«f order* I was as sober as a bishop by tins time, take my word for it, and I joined them right cheerfully, but the chances of Vetting back again to our own side of the valley looked very blue. The EtoBsian pavalry were hard on our heels, and we suffered sorely from the devilish battery in -our rear, which kept pelting into the thick of us, without muphdis. crimination between friend and foe. The guns on those 'forts on our left, out of which the. cowardly Turks had sneaked, and whichhad been bounced upon by the BussianB, were not doing ub mucb good neither, I assure you, and it was all the world like being between the devil and the deep sea. Soon what little i informa tion we iiad got was knocked to pieces, and the word was * Every ? man for him self, and God belp the Undermost. A younjj fellow pf the llth Hussars and; myself bung together for a while, both* olV trying.to make ^the most of our, blown and jaded horses, Trot at last down fe went, his horse shot under hun and fcimseif wounded. As the l&d;* husby I rolled off, when his bead touched the «pund, be gave a look up at me which went to my hearty rough as it was. Gtod iiJ»iiifcWw^ii$e.mpre thanj a boy^ad. ; f gSSriWBjftf Wee. *1 was^*! o£ffiFiaott!einm^winkling,iand bad*imj *S*fo*olste*B*nd inweV^the seafc BaainimlyjaBtin time, for the Cossacka, wire down*pbn m tike so W^ Oh! he was a good plucked one was, that little Bussian horse: right gamely .aid he struggle with the double load on ?lz~ i__j, .mi Vinrnali here were the heavies at las-, and we were safe. As i 1 waB Tiding to the rear, to give the wounded man to the doctor, I passed close under the staff, who were on the. brow of the bill above me, but tbett was no notice taken of that I perceived. I. rode np to our own camp, and by-and-bj ] a sergeant came and made a prisoner of me for the crime of baeaking out of the guard tent when confined thereto-— a serious military offence, I can tell you. T wasn't shot for it though, for next day I was brought in front of Lucan, who was in command of the cavalry, and who told me that although he had a good mind to try me by court-martial, as, he said, 1 certainly 'deserved, he would let me off this time in consideration of the use I had made of the liberty I had saken, and perhaps he would do more for me if I cept sober. And that's how, Bir. I came by this little medal, which is Britain s reward for distinguished! conduct in the ifield. Thank you. Sir, I'll be sure to drink your health.' Aw Itai.uk Tragedy.— Thejollowing extraordinary story is going the round of the Italian press :— A wealthy farmer from the neighborhood of Viterbo, in the Pontifical State, dro?e a quantity of cattle to market, found a buyer for the lot, and after making merry in towo for the rest of the day, after the fashion of his class, Bet out towards nightfall on his home ward journey, in the company of a neigh bor who stood towards him on that toot ing of bastard relationship expressed in Italian by the term compare— one of the two, that is to say, was godfather of the other's child. The two compart proceeded together until their respective roads] diverged, and then, drinking a glass toge ther at a rustic wine shop, separated. The grazier, who made no secret of his having bank notes about him to the value of 5 000 francs, the proceeds of the sale of his bullocks, went on his way with a light heart, and perhaps a somewhat un steady gait, the consequence of having pretty freely lifted his hand to his mouth during the day. At about half an hour from the time where he had taken leave .£? i ? -___„..«- nup nrnvfarar was molested }l X11B cumi/wi «?, «*». »? *»j ?*-- — -? — — by three masked individuals, whose object ras evidently robbery, but who, finding nothing upon his person, for the grazier, in a lucid interval, had secreted his money under the lining of liis bat, let him go without offering him further violence. Ihe crazier, however, after thanking the saints for his good fortune, judged it prudent to retrace. his BtepB, and to ask for hospitality under the compare s rool. The latter received Lim with open arms, and after having heard the story of the attempted robbery, and by what means the design had been, frustrated, plied the flaslc anew, aud sent his guest to bed ap parently in as comfortable a condition as could have been desired. But the adven ture of the night prevented wine from taking its uatural effeat, and do what he would our grazier could not compose himself to sleep * and lay tossing to and fro on his couch in a state of nervous excitement that seemed to have strung all his senses to unusual degree of ten sion. He heard strange noises in the house, and the sound of stealthy footsteps under the window. At last he could bear no loncer, and rising from his uneasy bed, approached the casement, and cau tiouBly opening the shutters, beheld a fctrange scene in the yard beneath. The moon shone clear and bright, and the. grazier distinctly saw four men busily engaged in d»gging a P!t- The8e were , compare and his three sons, whose general appearance bore a suspicious resemblance to that of the three masked strangers already mentioned. With his heart in his mouth, but summoijing up all his courage, the grazier noislessly lifted the hasp, opened the window a few inches, and soon heard enough to convince him that hia life was in imminent danger. The father was to mount the stairs, dispatch the sleeper in his bed, and then fling the body down into the yard. The ^youngmen were to do the rest. The ?grazier, looking hastily about him for some means of defence, lighted upon nn lold spade lying in the corner of the 'room, seized it, and placed himself in , ^ambush behind the door. You may ima gine what followed. Tfe compare, when Hail was ready, crept upstairs, gently opened the door, and, with knife in mouth, introduced bis head and shoulders through the narrow opening. Down with terrific force came the grazier's spade upon the rascal's skull, and there waB no need to repeat thB blow. The story then toys that the intended victim,' animated,: no doubt, by a sense of poetic justice/ dragged the body to the window, and let it fall. A moment afterwards he was on the high road once more, on his way to the nearest police station. When he re turned, with a party of Carbineers, to the scene of his narrow escape, he found the pit refilled, the earth carefully trodden down, and the three younglmen anxiously; looking for their father. When they saw the grazier safe and sound in the com-; pany of 'the police they could not believe their eyes. But a greater astonishment was in store for them when the police, after plying the spade lustily for a few minutes, unearthed the body of the poor papa— the grazier's compare— whom .in their hurry, being probably nb vices in the trade, they had toppled without scrutiny into the grave destined forthejr guest! The story, probably not without a subBtajatum of truth, seems to poBsese certain artwt i* capabflities which induce me to recomn u*nd it to the attention of ^o^ne ^j-qrJi4opnbir portrayers^if jPenin Buiar , lifer i W ith a; little ; diMcripfiye nbw.er, eked tj uf; by a plentiful seasoning racier to the iiari'fltive, the incident might be worked up iinto a thrilling chapter in a threeVeluma novel 