THE PAPAL PROPOSITIONS. The propositions published by the Allgemeun Zeitung as intended for submission to the (Ecumenical Council were quoted in a recent number of the Sud A ustralische Zeitung. It was there they attracted tho notice of Father Hinterocker, and provoked from him the explanation alluded to in our report of his recent sermon at the Cathedral. The Protestant Advocate has since translated them, and as English readers have no doubt some curiosity on the subject, we may help to gratify it by reproducing our contemporary's version:— OF THE CHURCH OF CHRIST. I. If any person say that the religion of Christ does consist or is expressed, not in any particular society founded by Christ Himself, but that it can be properly kept and exercised by individuals without reference to any Society being the true Church of Christ—Let him be accutsed. II. If any person say: That the Church of Christ has received fiom Christ the Lord no certain and unalterable form of constitution, but that, like other human societies, it had been subject to changes and alterations according to the diversity of the times, or that it could be made subject to such—Lei him be accursed. III. If any say: That the Church of Divine romise is not an external and visible Society, Eut that it is an essentially internal and invisible one—Let him be accursed. IV. If any say: That the true Church is not a body having unity in itself, but that it consists in the different and scattered communities who bear the christian name, and that is expanded through them ; or, that the several communities who differ from each other in their confessions of faith, and are separated from mutual communion, are as it were the members or parts of the one general Church of Christ—Let him be accursed. V. If any say: That the Church of Church is not a society of absolute necessity for attaining to eternal salvation, or that man can be saved in the exercise of any religion—Let him be accursed. VI. If any person say: That this intolerance, in which the Catholic Church outlaws and condemns all religious sects that are separate from her, is not prescribed by the Divine law; or, that about the truths of religious sects there only be opinions, not certainty, and that therefore all religious sects should be tolerated by the Church—Let him be acairscd. VII. If any say : This very Church of Christ can sink into darkness, or be infected by distempers, through which she may err from tho saving truth of faith and manners, deviate from her original constitution, or become degenerate and corrupt, and ultimately ceaso to exist—Let him be accursed." VIII. If any say: That the present Church of Christ is not the last and supreme institution for attaining to salvation, but another is to be expected through a new and more full outpouring of the Holy Ghost—Let him be accursed. IX. If any say: That the Infallibility of the Church is limited to that only which is contained in the Divine revelation, and does not extend to such truths as are necessarily requisite for preserving the treasure of revelation complete— Let him be accursed: . X. If any say: That the Church is not a perfect society, but only a " Collegian's;" or, that she_ Ls in such a position in the state of civil society as to make her subject to the secular dominion—Let him be accursed. XI. If any say: That the Church, instituted by God, is as it were a Society of Equals; and that the Bishops exercise an office or a service, but that they do not possess a power of government of their own, as being entitled thereto bv Divine institution, and of which they shouli have free exercise—Let him be accursed. XII. If any say: That our Lord and Saviour Christ did confer on His Church the power only of leading by advice and persuasion, but not to command by laws, and not to chastise and compel the erring and the stubborn by external sentences and wholesome punishments—Let him, be accursed. XIII. If any say: That tho true Church of Christ, out of which no one can be saved, is any other than the one holy Catholic and Roman Apostolical one—Let him be accursed. XIV. If any say: That the holy Apostle Peter was not constituted by Christ as the first of all the Apostles and visible head of the whole Church militant; or, that he was only tho primacy of honour, but not its primacy of true power as his own—Let him be accursed. XV. If any say:—'That it is not of Christ's own personal appointment that St. Peter has perpetually had successors in the primacy over the whole Church; or that the Pope of Rome is not by virtue of Divine right successor to that very primacy—Let him be accursed. XVI. If any say: That the Pope of Rome has only the right of supervision, or leading, but not the full and supreme power and jurisdiction over the whole Church; or that such his power is not the ordinary and immediate one over all and every churches—Let him be accursed. XVII. If any say: That an independent ecclesiastical power such as according to the doctrine of the Catholic Church has been give a to her by Christ, and a supreme civil society cannot subsist side by side, so as to preserve the rights of both —Let him be accursed. XVIII. If any say: That the power that is requisite for governing the civil states is not of God, or that obedience to the same is not owing as of God's own appointment, or that the 6ame is inconsistent with the natural liberty of man Let him be accursed. XIX. If any say: That all the rights that subsist between man are derived from the political state, or that no authority exists except such as is derived from the State—Let him. be accursed. XX. If any say: That the most supreme rule for conscience as to public and social acts, is in the lawB of the political states, or in the public opinion of men; or that the decisions of the Church, by which she decides upon what is lawful or unlawful, do not extend to those acts; or that a thing may be made lawful by civil law, which by tho Divine or ecclesiastical law is unlawful—Let himbe accursed. XXI. If any say: That the laws of the Church have no binding authority except in so far as they are confirmed by the sanction of the Civil power; or that it belongs to the Civil power by virtue of its supreme authority to give judgments and decisions in matters of religion Let him he accursed. SUNDAY TRAFFIC.—The Strathalbyn paper understands that six summonses have been issued against so many drivers of Messrs. Darton and Co.'s wagons, for passing through the town with loaded wagons on Sunday last, contrary to one of the by-laws of the Corporation. EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE.—The annual meetings of the Evangelical Alliance are announced for next week. 