. THE CASE OF SUPPLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. I SIR-The humane, and just, and reasonable indications which you have evinced, in reference to this case, may, I trust, induce you to find a place in your issue of to-morrow for the following summary of argument in favour of an extension of the Royal clemency on behalf of Gerald H. Supple, in connexion with the plea of insanity : . That a number of cases tried in England, and especially that of M'Naughton, who shot Mr. Drummond instead of Sir Robert Peel, are analogous to that of Supple, and have been treated as cases of insanity. ' That it is now evident, by the action taken by medical men on the subject, that there is a majority of the opinion that Supple is insane, and that, therefore, he should have the ghost of this positive professional evidence in his favour. ' That the majority of the jurymen who gave their verdict are now, after having more fully investigated the case in connexion with the plea of his insanity, coming forward to petition for the saving of his life. That the matured judgment being now exercised on this subject may be reasonably supposed to be more free from passion and popular impulse than it was when the case was under the cognisance of the jury in, their official capacity. That this is not a common case, which makes the possible doubts in favour of the prisoner doubtful, but it is one in which the doubt is positively in his favour, and which, if effectual on his behalf, gives full protection to society by the provisions of the law in cases of dangerous lunacy. That to execute Supple in the face and in defiance of this doubt would be to strike at the merciful root of the English law, which clearly and distinctly declares that the accused should have the benefit of the doubt. That this case involves the question of the unlawful sacrifice of human life, not merely because of the possible existence, but against the clearest evidence, of cerebral disease. That it cannot be doubted that if Supple had gone abroad wildly muttering threats of murder, instead of having actually fired with murderous intent, he would now have been in confinement as a lunatic. That, as the mental malady of the condemned, though dangerous to society, is nevertheless one capable of cure it would be manifestly unjust to him as an individual, and also to society, of which he is a member, to take his life, instead of affording him the benefit of the medical aid which his case demands. That the hanging of 100 men will not in the least degree prevent those similarly afflicted from exercising their homicidal pro- pensities ; but, on the contrary, by a mysterious law of sympathy which actuates the insane, those predisposed to similar acts will follow the example of Supple, especially if they are utterly regardless of their own lives, and even court the gallows, as Supple did. That this case is not only a peculiar, but in some of its features and attendant circumstances an unexampled, one, and should receive the most merciful consideration, and that, inasmuch as none but the Creator can make perfect laws to meet every case, man should, under a reasonable conviction of his moral and intellectual weakness, lean to the side of mercy, and this principle is impera- tive in the present case, which involves the sacrifice of human life. I_~ Sir, I could, did the limits of newspaper correspondence permit, fill a whole page with reasons as cogent as the foregoing in favour of the extension of sovereign clemency on behalf of the condemned, but I fear I have more than exhausted the space usually afforded, and therefore I conclude with the remark that, both in private and in public, during these last few weeks, I have laboured zealously, both physically and mentally, to stimulate society to make an effort to save the life of the condemned. In the hope that you may deem my oxer tions a sufficient apology for thus seeking to ventilate my views through the columns of The Argus, and that they may be instrumental for good. I am, Sir. yours very faithfully. A. S. HAMILTON. Oct. 6. 