JOTTINGS, BY IDLER. I am passionately fond of poetry.. It has greater influence over me than music, and lea a more lasting impressioni. The most msio, poetical production which I have read foro time"appeiared in the columns of last w Chronide, but the sensations which it produ were not of the mostpleasing kind. Th wri seemed to me to be labouring hard to briing a a condition of mind tlihe very opposite to which he recommended, just as a certain pr inspector, it is said, used to place under a h convict's nose a mutton chop fresh from the and advise hin not to nsmell it or he might sibly be wishing for that which it?.a impos for him to obtain. '' "If you lupe to escape from the preopectef hrm, Remember atall times 'tisbesttobe calms-" says the writer; but who, in. then ase iomius, can follow advice so comically giv Compositions of this.sort are, in.my opinion,' culated to do a certain amount of injury, beta hot-tempered people: judging by the way?i?isn w almness is' urged upon them, may comeI to' conclusion that it is not a desirable thing possess. It. might,''they ,would. arguer ind them to perpetrate something equal to theF duction referred to. If, in concluding a vigor apieal to the uncorinverted,' a preacher weire to to his congregation, Oh eisner ereseber in Glead theress balm, A physician is there wholldo you no harm, they, probably,' wouldn't believe him es they would opine that a doctor whose cause advocated in such doggerel was no exeeptior the general rule and was just as capable of d harm as other medical men. Mr. Tennyson to me and to the public generally,: "'" enot thoes the poetsmnd m .i 'With thy shallow wit ; Vexenot thou the poetfs mnd?' ? F or thou eanas not im it." : :: ' In this case'I.certainly cannot fathom it,'a what is more, 'I don't intendto make theatte being fully convinced that it is "deeper thane iplummet sounded." TWithout speculating.u, the mental depth of the writer of "Be Calm; may be permitted to humbly observe for his - formation that whesn was a boy at 'school,'if, the course of mypoetical efforts, I had rrit, "harm," charm," "a ini" "disarm?s" as' h r for "calm," I should have been the unwilling cipient of a number of " finams" laid on :wit vigour which would not have been at all co - cive to a condition of calimnes '' The Williamstown 'lhoial Society are abu' give another concert.. Good. They have, ch the "Bohemian Girl." Better.still. Thecy, e not yet madle up their minds abhit: "Fa " " Roberto 11 Diavolo," 'ani "L'Africaine." t of all. More luowser to them; sayjI very h more pswer, fsrithere tcan.he no donbt they 11 want it all. The discerning man will see in another instance of the progressive' tendence if the age. Years'"ago "we 'Williamstoiainsi ' contented with a fw sinhple ballads; 'ail if' a on the flute was added we departed fully sa ' that we had receivedl more than value for money-more, -in. fact,'-than- we-bargained r, But the world has been. marching onward, and e must not lag behindL Te ciembers of the Society, have determined to sup?,y us with t class music. Our taste is to be improvel,a I am glad of it. Situated as we are at such a s tance from the metropolis, our musical edu n has, I fear, ben'i sidlyd neglected, and the s r we are improved the better. Thie exten' dtr culture will probably depend in a great so re upon ourselves. If we prove apt 'pupils sd evince a proper desire to be refined, our in c tors will no'doubt make still greater exertion n our behalf." As sooin 'as ?e 'aiive'gone th ' the best ojeriat? musme we can then g., or oratorio. " Elijahli," I should say, would do' a commencement, and after that 'there need' o limit to our ambition. "We can thei go ou to all the worlldand aauire: sumall fortunes as u sical critic, :The votaries of Melpomene, to e going to exert themselves on our behalf : A ing member of the Williamstown amateur matic society informs me that it is conteim to present "Hamlet" at an early date, wh all the tragic talent which the town possesses be secured. This is just as it should be, aundl e go.on from strength to strength in this wa; u the enthusiasm only 'continues, the world y yet hear of A.' Idler, 'Est., writing a 'u on abstruse science or making a journey to' the t pole, although at the present moment he eno intention of doing either., .. I am always puttingmy foot into it, as th y ing is. I try to aceommoldate myself to w er position in'which'I'maybe' agreeing wi he philosopher who says that " whenyouare in n r. key you musit do as the Turkeys do ;" but am continually making mistakes. What plane as in tep ascendant when I was born, or wha rti of ghosts gibberef in the streets -it was at night time: such events usually dooccur at night, I am informed-on that particular occasion I am unable to say. I only know that if they had anything to do with my destiny the planet, must have been a very vicious one and the ghosts most'miserable spirits. I can truly apply to myself the sublime language of the bard- 'lneverstoleapiece of breaed. And triedi vain the theft to hide. But I was sure to let it fall, And always on the buttered side." I got into hot water about the tariff, the Darling grant, the Rev. J. Taylor, the Power-cua-Clough metal case, and during the past week I have been spluttering about in the very warmest 'of liunids because of- my utterances ons the war. The other day I met a gentlemnn in the .street with.whom I was slightly acquainted. I knew he: was 'a foreigner and that he was not an Irishman, but what country he really did hail from I could not tell. "Sad news this," said he, "which the mail has brought." He meant the frightful slaughter .which was taking place, but II,thinking he re ferred to the reverses of the French army, said encouragingly, "Never mind, wait another mionth and itwill be'all the otherway. Yrve la France! and deuce'take the king of Prnasia.''.! My ac. quaintance. calledme,.a. "scbneidcr,"" and went away with a very sanerkranutish 'expression.- He was a Germar: I ani thinking of calling him out -coffee and pistols, orany other weapons, needle guns excepted. I made just such an awkward mistake with a Frenchman, whom I mistook fora Prussian. He was very savage because I'praised the Crown Prince, and' orered me to '??n - pleasantly hot place where goo? Idlers ?will iatb found and bad ,Freichmen wil.', Is-hallnot:dis cuss, the war news with, foreigners again i in a hurry. . _:__ _ 