LADY MACNAMARA'S STORY. . . ?-. , IVKOM AIiL THE TEAK ROUHD. I It was eight-and-thirty years . ago, and I had been married five or six years, when I wont to live at Manorberc Lodge. The ship in which my husband had been first lieutenant was paid off. He had got his rank as commander, but had no immediate prospect of employment afloat, so his mind naturally turned to the occupation he loved best, next to his profession— fox-hunting : a pas sion for which! sport came to him by nature, as the second son of a .Lincolnshire squire. His younger- son's portion, with my dowry and his pay, though altogether making up a comfortabio; incomo, would not suffice for that very expensive amusement, unless wo could find a house in a good situaC-bn, at a moderate rent ; and we were: looking for such a house, when one day Dick came in, radiant with expectation,1 to tell me he had hoard of ono beyond the dreams, of -avarice, or ?rather of economy. ? It was in tho heart of the shires, within easy reach of three first-rato packs, had capital stabling, and was all to bo let by the; year at a fabulously low rental. It is a max'm with mo that nothing is to be had for less than its valuo, so I was not quite so sanguine as Dick ; but I agreed with him in thinking it worth while that he should run down and look at the place. Ho went, and camo back delighted. He had spared no pains to find out what there could be! amiss with tho house, but had come to tho con- i elusion that it was almost faultless. Indeed, .it scemotl to Mm such a prize that he had feared to lose it by delay, and had taken it at once fora year certain. 'lam sure you will like it, my lovo,' lie said. ' Itis an old house, a great deal larger and handsomor than wo want, but that does not matter.' I was quite content so that he pleased himself, and a very few days saw us settled at Manorbere. I found the place all that Dick had said it was. The house as it now stood, had apparently been only a wing of tho ancient: mansion. Part of the principal building had been : completely pulled down, but for some reason or other a portion abutting upon the present house; had been left standing, and -was converted, the lower part into a cart house, and tho first-floor^ into a place for carpenter's work, lumber, and so forth. On the ground-floor the communication had been walled up, where a door had formerly, oponed upon a passage running nearly the length of tho present house. A similar corridor ran along tho first floor, and bore the disused part of the bouBc was divided from tho dwelling only by a strong oaken door, heavily barred and bolted.. A staircase lc(teiip from the ground-floor to this end of the corridor ; but it was seldom used, as wo inhabited the rooms at the other extremity, and i.hc servants' chambers -\ycro reached also by a difieront stair. Tho door its-clf looked as if it could resist every thing' except treachery in the garrison, and even a traitor would havo had some dilliciilty in removing the defences, so rusted wore they in their places. There was nothing at all gloomy aboiit tho houso. The rooms wevo ?largo and light, with thoamplo windows charac teristic of English houses erected before the im position of tho window-tax gavo our builders their present traditions. The principal sitting room was a very largo ono on the ground-floor, looking nearly south, and catching all the sun shine in its bay-windows. These oponed on .a raised, torraco, benoath which was a pretty flower-garden, and thero was a paddock with fino trees boyond. The stables wero of much later vdato-thon tho house,, and were excellent... _ ' .. Of course we soon made acquaintance, with our neighbors, and the 'assemblies to see the hounds throw off on a fino morning were very plcasan t and sociable. Wo had no close ???carriage, and our house was at a considerable' distance from any visitable families,' so at' first we declined' all ? dinner invitations. But that sort of thing never goes -on1 long- when those concerned :? are' still young, cheerful, and sociable, and ? very soon we gotinto the way of going frequently to dine 'and sleep at our neighbors' places; At the very first of these dinner parties, the truth came out about Manorbere. 'it is very nice having you and Captain Macnamara at Man ofbere,' said a certain lively Mrs. Brodricktomo, when we ladies went up to the drawing-room after dinner. ;' I do so hate having a house shut up ;._ and; indeed, there was a talk last year of its Deing'_pullcd down, since nobody would take it. ' ? '? Buty why would* ! nc bodytakeit? ' 1 think it so charming,' saidT. ' Well, perhaps it is foolish ? ' butyou know a great many people really do not like living in -a -house that has such a name.' : '-'A'-nanto for; what;? ?' ' 'Being haunted.' 'Haunted !' 'Good gracious ! did not you know about the ghost ?': ? ? !? burst ovit laughing. 'So that is the reason of our getting it so cheap ?? I am really very much obliged1 to the ghost.' 'How odd that you should riot have heard of it! But I am so sprrylmentioiicd.it. You are so much alono there; . I 'hope it j won't make you uncomfortable. ' - -? Thank you ; it dnly , makes me laugh. But do- tell' me ttie story of tlio house.' 'HuBh !'said: another : lady, 'don't talk about it now. Here comes 'Mrs. Dormor ' (our hostess), 'and she never quite likes the sub ect.' My curiosity- however, being roused, I begged Mrs. Brodnck the first time an oppor tunity offered ? for a tete-a-tete to give me particulars as to our tiers-parti at Manorbere. And this is the substance of her narrative : The last family that had lived in the house was that of Colonel Fearon, a widower with threo daughters. They were a very 'pleasant, cheerful sot ; hospitable as far as their means, which were not very largej would allow ? and ready to: pro mote or to join in anything that was proposed in the way of social amusement. But unfortunately a few months after their arrival the colonel got a bad fall out hunting, and became for a time a eon firmed invalid. He recovered ultimately, bnt at that period it was feared that he npver would bo himself again. His nervous system was -so affected by the blow he had- received on the spine, that he could bear hardly any noise or company, and he was' so weak as to be reduced to a wheel chair in which to take air and exercise. The . f ami ly h ad selected for theii? own occupation the same set of rooms we had chosen for ourselves, at the opposite end of the corridor from the con demned door, and the rooms near to it were re served for guests. The hitherto gay and lively house had, however, for some time becomo quite changed in character, the girls giving up' all society ; at home uncomplainingly, for their father's sake. Eleanor, the eldest, thought, how ever, after a time, that it was a pity her young sisters, Effie and Lucyj should be debarred from taking part in the gaieties suited to thoir age which wero going on ' during the winter ; so tho girls took it in turn to go out two and two together, some neighboring matron being 'always ready- to act as a chaperon when they joined her at the ball or soiree. On one of these occasions two young friends who had come to tbo same party from some distance on the other sido of Manorbere, had been offered a night's lodging at tho latter place to save them tho long winter drive after mid- ?* night, and also that they might accomi)any tho Fearons to a ball on tho ensuing evening. Though it was not very late when tho girls ro turned homo, tho invalid bad' retired to rest, and Eleanor was ready to follow his example, : when she heard her bisters and their frionds com ing iip-stairs, - and went out in her dressing gown to meet them, and sco that' they had all tilings comfortable in their rooms. The girls were in high spirits, and, though subduing their voices lest they should waken their lather, Eleanor feared that some incautious laugli or ex clamation -.might disturb him; so enjoining ? silence by a gesture, she led tho way to tho cham ber at the further end of the corridor which had beon prepared for her guests, stirred the fire into a bright blaze, lighted the candles, and told them now they might laugh and chatter their fill. Tho young folks did not hesitate to avail themselves of the permission, and hung over the firo dis cussing the party of that evening; and the pro spects of the morrow's ball, till Eleanor declared she must take her sisters away, or they would talk all night. She had twice risen with this in tention without getting them to follow her, and ?was now standing with the door half open in her hana waiting tor them, whon they saw her sud denly put her finger on her lips, and' peep cauti ously out; then she set down her candle, and stepped softly into the passage. The others ceased talking in a minute, and looked inquiringly to wards her. 'What is it, Eleanor? ?? whispered Lucy, coming to the door. 'The most extra ordinary thing ! , I thought I heard the door open.' ' What door ?' said Effie. 'Why the ' great barred door.' ' My dear Nellie, you muBt Be dreaming. It is time . we ' went to: bed j indeed,' said Effio laughing, and faking up her candle. Eleanor took hers also, but instead of returning to her room, walked straight: up to the door and examined itclosoly, followed by Lucy, who looked at her in smiling woudor. 'Are you satisfied, dear?' said she, pointing to the cobwob3 which in many places stretched across from the door to its lintel. ' Yes, I must ? have been mistakon.- But it it very odd!' 'What did you hear, Nellie,' eagerly asked the others, coming to their room door. ' The first time I signed to you to be silent, I thought I heard foot- , steps coming gently and cautiously up tho stair, and fancied it was one of tho maids. Thoy know I do not allow them to sit up so late, and I waited to sco who it was, stealing up this way where they have no business. But instead /-£ passing by this room, tho footsteps seemed to stop at the top of the stairs, and then tho door turned slowly on its' hinges. ' Did you seo it ?' asked Lucy. 'Oh! no. It only sounded so.' ' The wind or something.1' 'Perhaps. Now do go to bed, children.' . And they all separated. . The next evening one of their visitors, Isabel Murray, being rather tired declined to go the ball, and said she would' prefer staying to keep com pany with; Lucy, whoso turn it was to remain with herfather. After he had gone to bed, the two girls became so absorbed in a game of chess that the timb slipped away unobserved, and they then bethought them of sitting upfor their sisters, to give thonv-what is called in Ireland, 'a raking pot of tea' on their return. The bright idea was- immediately carried out. The tea-things wore set in the guest-chamber, the fire was niade up, the inaids wero sent to. bed, .and the girls, after partially. ?'?undressing,.- met. to-- gethcr wrapt in thpirdrcssing-gowns to enjoy the vigil. Thoy. had brought' up1 their chess- board and books, but presontly'ngrecd that if they took a nap they would bo all the fresher by-niid-bye ; no curling themselves up on a sofa thoy were soon asleep. Perfect silence reigned throughout the ?houso,' and in the room- nothing wa3 heard but tho soft breathing oC the two sleepers. Suddenly and simultaneously both awoke and wit up ; Lucy's little do;; at the same time starting f voin his slum bers ami pricking his cara. ' Is it tho carriage '!' said Isabel Murray. 'I don't know.' Some- . '. thing woke mo, but I can't tell what. ' Ycsit must be,' continued Lucy, as tho dog wont snif fing to tho door, and she opened ib and looked out. 'I hear footsteps, but there is no light. How quietly they have come in !' ' . . Just then Pmcher;. who hcid ran out when the door. was opened, camo cowering back with drooping tail, and at tho saine moment came the #niting.sound.o4adoor.turjiiug.Qii j'tisty.h'ingeai and thea quietly closed, Isabel .sprang to Lucy 'p / side, and, softly closing all.but a cMnk'of the door, stood listening. Nothing more was heard.1 Tho girls, looked at each other, and drew a long breath. ?' Thoro's something wrong hero, Lncy, said Isabel. Lucy quickly shut tho door and; iboltod it. ' Oh ! Isabel, I am so frightened ! Only think :if- anybody; can get inhere in the . dead of the night ! We may all be murdered !'; 'Wo must tell Eleanor, and, of course, it must; be looked, to. ' But the strange thing is.that the| door seems as if it ;had not been opened for a| century.!' 'Oh dear, , that's' nothing. These people are up to all sorts of tricks——-' 'What; people ?' ' Why;houscbreakers and burglars !' . ???' I don't think it can be a burglar,' said Isabel, 'as he hasbeen hero abready, and nothing ap , peal's to have been : stolen; rerhaps one of . the maids has a follower whom sho lets in by stealth. ; -What is there on. the other, side of' that door?' 'I don't know. .- -.Oh ryes; I do! , A sort of .lumber-room and carpenter's workroom.'. ? ' We ? ought to go; ;tormorrow and examine it , on that : 1 side. .'. I do not think there is any danger for to inight, as the intruder, whoever, ho be,.seems to jhave departed. What's become of, Pinclier? Did you , shut: him out?'' :, On examination the ; '. dog was found. under, the bed, pressed closely : against the wall, ??- and trembling . all over. ? ? Lucy ; .had some difficulty in coaxing him out,; and even /when she had got. him in. her arms her caresses': ? failed to restore him to - his usual spirits. .'Is he; ill, poor fellow;?' asked. Isabel. 'Only, . frightened, I think :. ; but . he : is -usually so: courageous ! I cannot understand it.1; You maybe \- sure he has seen some one; who has terrified him! 1 somehow. I wish the others were come homo -I'', . After this the raking pot of tea was not so jovial ; an affair as they had .intended. The two . watchers had not quite got - over their alarm, .' and the others heard their account with anxiety and uneasiness. Eleanor agreed that the. first thing to do was to scrutinise' both sides of the ? ? ' j door, but cautioned, themall to keep entire Silence ? on the subject, meantime. , '.. The next Qay'they made .their investigation of r ? '. : . .. f the carpentpr's workroom, which .was entered by ? an outside wooden stair. . Eleanor made the pre .tence of wanting a pieco of old-seasoned wood . for a drawing-board, which gave them an ioxcuse . for poking about unsuspected. Not only were ? , the door and all its adjuncts as rusty and cobweb . tapestried here as on the inside ; but they found heaped , against it a . quantity of. wood which had been cut up for making new. hurdles. .''They . iriight be put there only for a blind,' Isabel sug-; gested in a whisper; so the astute Eleanor put a, Teading.question immediately. ' Have :ypu, not ,beena long time about those hurdles, jJohes ?' . ' Well* ma'am, the hurdles is ready, and' has ' . been any time these thr.ee weoks. : It ..ain't my \- fault they bean't put up long ago, and I'd be glad to.get 'em out of my way lumberin' here. Perhaps ? you'd speak about it ? Eleanor - promised to do ? so, and remarking that her father's illness had caused some neglect of out-door .work, i gave direc tions about her board, and withdrew. 'No! ' light thrown on the mystery yet,' she observed, ? a3 they walked away. 'That door cannot have - been opened for years, I am positive.' The' , Murrays were to leave the lodge next day. 'I- /shall move into that room to-morrow,; When the; ' servants know one of the family is close by, they will hardly dare to carry on any clandestine: meeting.' 'But that's no, good,' said Lucy ; 1 'if it isone of the servants the man will be let inelsewhere. Dear Neflie, do get to the bottom; \- of it; I am sure if you do not,'I never can feel, that we are safe for a single night. ' ' My child, , it is not proved that anybody that did come in. ; \- On the contrary, it seems impossible.' ''.We j ; will watch to-night, anyhow,-' said Effio.' : ? . ?: ? When night came, 4nowever, Eleanor desired: her sisters would goto their own rooms, as she! thought so many of them together could hardly' : keep quiet enough to avoid giving some warning1 to the mysterious visitor. She also begged the : Murrays to go to bed as soon as they were ready ;? and they had done so, though they could nofr sleep. And now. in the dead of ? the night, she! sat in their room, the candle closely shaded and : the door ajar, breathlessly awaiting she knewnot jwhat. She had, without saying- anything- about* ? it, brought with her one of her father's pistols, i ? ? The fire burned low and red, and everything wasi profoundly still, when the -, ominous creaking; struck on their terrified ears. Eleanor quickly seized her candle and ran into the passage, fol lowed by the other two, who had instantly sprung; .' out of bed. Footsteps were distinctly audible j descending the stairs. ' Who -. is there 1' de-! manded Eleanor. 'Answer, or I' shall fire?'; ; No voice replied. They held their candles over the balustrade, but; no one, was to be seen.. At; the same moment Lucy darted from her room/ . and came down ,the corridor to join the group. i 'fit is broken?' said she, hurriedly. : ' Broken ? -What?' Lucy ran past them to the stairs, bid- ! ? ding them follow. ' Look here,' said she,; show-: ing them a thread, the two ends of : which lay i across the stair. 'I tied this to-night to the balustrade, and fastened it into the wall at the opposite side. You see it is broken in two.'! ' My child,' said 'Eleanor, ' a cotton thread; . mignt easily snap, merely from being stretched too tight. That is no proof of any one having passed by. Indeed, I am certain nobodv did j for I was out on this landing .before he could by any possibility have got down-stairs, and I must have seenhim.' 'How brave you are, Eleanor I' said Isabel, glancing at the pistol, and thence to her calm face ; and shivering with fear and cold she crepfcback to her bed with her sister. As she carefully bolted her door inside, she could not re press an exclamation of thanksgiving that this was to be their last night in that dangerous ? house. . # Eleanor now declared her conviction that the jnysterious noises were produced by, some occult vibration or -echo, as is not uncommonly the case in old houses, and that they had nothing alarm ing in them.. Lucy, however, would notbeper suaded. Though she did not openly assert her incredulity, she ventured by herself to the terri ble spot next night when all had retired, and. tied a nack thread, firmly to the balustrade, fastening ; it 'with a tack to the opposite wall. Waking in the . morning almost as soon as it was light, she immedi- ' ately ran to look at her trap, and hurried back to ; .Eleanor with the intelligence that the packthread .; ?was : broken! ''How those stairs creak at ;the! end of the passage !' said Eleanor ,to hor maid,! as she was dressing her hair that morning* .'She , had chosen that monwnt because from the posi tion Mrs. Wilkins then occupied belling her chair her mistress could watch tho expression of ; her countenance in tho looking-glass. 'I heard them creaking quite loudly under somebody's footsteps after I came up to bed last night. I can't think what took any ono that way.' ' None does go that way, never,' said Mrs. Wilkins, emphatically. 'It is not the proper. way, cer tainly, as there is tho back- stair from the : offices. But I have heard persons going up. or down, whilo the Miss Murraysrwero here.' ' I'll undertake to say you were mistaken, ma'am. Not a servant in the house would go up or down them stairs after dark. Not for a thousand pounds, ma'am.' 'What do- you mean, Wil kinB?' ' I mean, ma'am, as they has a bad name. Them's the parts that's haunted.' ' Haunted ! Rubbish. Who put that in your head 1' ' You may call it rubbish, Miss Fearon,' said Wilkins, resontfully, 'but words can't alter things. Them stairs is liaunted ; all that knows about the placo will tell you as good. Sarah, as lived hero with a former family, she know it well. But she don^t mind, because she says 'the ghost never did no harm as long as it warn't interfered with.' '* I thought you had moro sense, Wilkins,' was all. Eleanor replied, \- as eho left tho room to go down to breakfast. Tho thought, however, did com© aeroes her that this story had perhaps' been'. impressed ;on~the' minds of the other servants by; Sarah in order to keep the coast clear for any operations she might wish to carry on under the rose. What these; could be Eleanor could not divine, but she i did .: not feel altogether . comfortable. . A rvalue; feeling .of; suspicion and doubt took possession; of her, and, with that ; subtle1 infection which; somo attribute to animal magnetism, her uneasi ness seemed gradually to spread through the; whole family, the colonel alone remaining un affected by it. Her sisters became silent and ab- ; .stracted, as if always on the watch. The,maidsj went about in pairs, ? and ;were found holding whispered colloquies behind doors. The: butler, under pretence pf black-beetles, in the pantry- i' which he could.not, abide no how,' got permis- ; : sion_to remove his - sleeping .quarters into i closer ^ ; proximity with the footman.- ? At' last, Eleanor ; felt it necessary,, unwilling as she was to annoy him, to speak' to her father on the subject. Her fears of any ill-effect upon him: were soon set at i rest.- , '. ? The colonel's nervous . malady was purely ! physical, and. the old habits of ready decision and action; reasserted their force ;when, called upon. ; He listened to his daughter's statement with at- ; itention,! questioned, her carefully, and came^ to ? the conclusion that* a thorough ' investigation ..must be made; , Without further loss of time he : .wrote to the inspector .of police .for.- the district, ; .requesting him -to : call; privately at Manorbere ; Lodge as soon as ho; could; and desired that in the imeauv time the subject should be entirely! dropped, so - that tho nocturnal intruder should not bo put on- his guard.' ?- ? '???.. ??; ; .The inspector, soon ;made his 'appearance,; causing himself ; to be announced as the builder ' from Barton, come ; to see ; about certain repairs ; in this character he: was able to go over every . \portion of , the house after holding . a.consulta- : tion with the colonel and the ladies. ' Before he: left, it was settled that two constables, should be sent to pass the night, at the lodge, unknown .to the servants. They were to be let in by Miss ; Fearon- at a door opening from the terrace to ' one of the sitting-rooms, after the house had been closed for the night. . This was easily effected ; and the men, with dark lanterns, were stationed one at the foot of the stairs, the other on the landing half way up. ? They had been .here in perfect silence and darkness nearly an hour,, when tho 'sound of a heavy door grating on rusty hinges, made the one onthe landing grasp ; his truncheon and' hold his lantern in readiness. Footsteps, came softly down, and something seemed to brush by.: He struck at it as it passed, and at the same time turned on his light, calling, \ ' Look out, below,: mate !' Nothing was visible There was a low moaning cry as he struck, but he felt no resistance. The man at the foot of the stairs heard, the sound, quickly turned his lantern. on in that direction, and rushed down; the passage as if in pursuit, followed by the other at;full speed. The noiso roused some of . the household, who, : when they had summoned1 courage to appear,' were confounded at finding themselves ; met by guardians instead of'distur-, .berg of the peace. The two policemen were utterly puzzled. Both ' had distinctly heard the great door open, and the descending footsteps, as well as the low cry, like the cry of some' ope in fear or pain. Each had felt something, flit by, but both described it as ?more; -like a .cold, blast of wind than any bodily thing. : They had both run to try and prevent its escape,; but on reaching the end of the passage, where it was crossed by another in the form ot a T, nothing was to be seen. They were quite cer tain that no door had been opened on either sido, and this part, of the. -house terminated in the cross passage,- the only access to the principal sitting- rooms and .vestibule being through a passage room, or tho kitchen, which was built out. Both these doors of communication were always locked at night, /and were now fast. The; rooms were examined, but no traces of any in vader wero perceptible, in either. While this was going on below, Eleanor, who had sat up in her father's room, had, at the first sound of any movement, gone at once to the bedrooms occupied -by ..the maids, every, ono of whom, including the ? suspected Sarah, she found quietly asleep.' ,'*? After this .signal failure on the part of the police, the ghost became an established fact, and! the place became uninhabitable. Servant after' servant gave warning ; Mrs. Wilkins became; 'hysterical ; the cook took to drinking — ''her! spirits was that low,' she said in lexcuse ; and, except the stoical Sarah, who 'never knowed the, ghost do no harm as long as it. was let alone,' everybody was more or less unnerved. A few weeks after these' occurrences the colonel's medical attendant having advised his trying some new galvanic treatment, the family! had to. move up to town. Effie and Lucy were; glad enough to go, both sharing, to a certain degrepi'in the aJarm'felt by the servants, though each in her different way, Effie inclined to the. supernatural view, while. Lucy held fast to her burglarious theory, for, she said, ' How could a ghost, an immaterial being, break her thread and. .'string!?'^ .- ;, ?:.?''?..,??? ' ? . ?? [ It was.nowilatein tho spring, and most of tho neighboring families had left the country ; so the .Fearons- had not many adieux to; make, except; among the few poor people with whom they held relations, Manorbere being . removed from any closely-inhabited part of the country. There was an old bed-ridden woman, to whom the girls had shown kindness, and they went over one morning ?to pay her their farewell visit. The family had been very much liked, and their sudden depar ture' was a regret to all.-- ' Ah- dear I', said the old dame. ' I heerd as how you was, a goin' to flit. Well, it will be a loss to me, though I did not see ye often, bein' at a distance. But it was something to think of, that I might have a look of your bright faces when you stopped in your rides to say a kind word, or bring me a little dainty no ws and thens. I'm main sorry to lose ye, young ladies, but I ain't no ways. surprised. None does stay long at Manorbero. The ghost drives 'em. out, all on 'em.' 'You don't seem to .believe us when we say it is on account of papa's health that we are going away; But you know he came to these parts expressly for the . ;hunting ; and as, since; his .accident ho has never been able to go put, there is nothing to keep us here.' ' Ah ! : yes. No doubt there's! reasons. There's always reasons.. But still it comes to this : nono does stay in that house ; and it's my belief the ghost -drives 'em away, sav what they will.' ' But what is the ghost ? What does it do? What brings it, there ? Do tell us,' said Effie. ' Well, ladies, I can only toll you what I've heord. ' -You see, tho Olondons— tho family as Manorbero belonged tor-was always a baddish lot. , They were all wild, from fathor to son, and they drank, and they gambled, and they was in '. bad ways from year's end to year's ond, and run through most of their money. And' then -they would go abroad out of the was, and the place was shut up, and let go to racK and ruin. The old house was pulled down because thoy thought it was not worth repairing. (It had got into the creditors' hauds by that.) Ah! it was a fine placo was tho Lodge when I first romember it, afore the .trees was cut down, and the park ploughed up, and sold off bit by bit.' 'How long ago was that ?' ' A matter of fifty years— or nigher sixty maybe. When tho last Clendons come back hero to bide, there warn't abovo half left. But tho great house was there still : only part was shut up, because it warn't sound and safe. They was a gladsome set. them Clendons, but the gentry abput did not take to them much, and I don't think they cared whether they did or no. They hadthcir friends from London staying down here, months together, and French folk ; and tho goin's on at the Lodge was tho talk of the country. . There waB gaming, and daacing, «and play-acting, it was said;~goin' on every night ; and there was some . now . dances, they had learned in' France, and they were thought undecent hero in England. I must say they were pleasant to look at, all those people — pretty, and gay, and merry. I would go out.to my gate to see 'cm come by, such a, .many together, all talking and laughing; riding and driving, and pic-nicking about.' ; They didn't, care what they spent, you. seo, the Clendons ; didn't, for,: they didn't pay anybody, and they' knew it couldn't last ; so it was a short lifo and; a'merry for them. They lived mostly in the new ,wing, what is the house now. It was called new, though I heerd say more nor a hundred years! old ; and they-threw two rooms into one to make the drawin'-room where they had their dances and romps. Well, the nearest neighbors then, , ?was the rorigals, of Dour Grange.; .-.Very strict* folk they was to be sure. Never no junketings or , gay doin's was heerd of in that house ; no laugh ing or singing, except it was hymns ; but always grave faces and solemn voices. , And as to plays, i or dancings, or cards, or, for the matter of that, ; games of any sort, they thought them things ,was so many traps laid by the devil to catch ; .souls. It was always preaching andpraying.that : ;went on there ;. so you may suppose, ladies, what j the Clendons and their doin's was to them. ;Mr. j Perigal said, i,' they stank in his nostrils,' and he ! always looked as if they, did; and the more : tho Manorbero people racketed, the closer tho Perigals kept to their strict. ways. As ill luck would ? hayo it, just afore this time Mr. ; Perigal's sister-in-law died, and her daughter bein left a orphan, come to live with: her uncle and aunt at the Grange. Poor child ! I did pity her. She was a bit nighty in her ways, but she ; had always ; been used to a cheerful home and young folks for companions, and the Grange was no better than, a prison to her. , To, make a long , story short, she somehow got knowledge of the Clendon ladies. It was quite innocently at first. She met them driving out, in a lane where they had got into some strait with the ponies, or lost their .way, I think. She tried to direct them, but they didn't understand quite, so they begged her to get into tho' pony-cnaise and go along o' them, and show them ; and she did. She was a pretty creatur, and taking, and so were they, to do them . justice : and when .she got down and left them, they said they hoped to see her again. Her . uncle and aunt were in a sad way when they; heard what had chanced. She didn't make no concealments about it at first, and I do think she was druv to it after, along o' their bein' so very strict and hard upon her at~ home. She did lead a dreary life .of it. She was never trusted out alone after that. She was not strong in her health, and she had a pony to ride, which was a'most her only pleasure ; but she never went out without the old man-servant behind, to see she come to no harm, unless Mr. Perigal was with her himself. . One day who should she fall in with, but a pic-nic' party from Manorbore, and . the ladies she had met the day they lost them- i selves come up so free and pleasant, and asked, her to join their, lunch. ?? Sne come round old Kichard with her pretty coaxing wa,ys to keep it secret from her .guardians ; and.so by little and little sho got. to make meetings with ;her new; friends. Bad friends they was to her, but I don't think they meant her any harm. They liked her, ; and. thought to amuse her : only they led her into deceit and false -ways. One of the young gentle men was taken with her .pretty face, and got a sweethearting of her ; and one day when they; were dancing on the grassy he wanted her to be his partner m ono of their new f angled dances. Of. course she knowed nothin' of it, though sho was used to dances in her own home, and could! foot it in : a country dance with the best of 'em. Bless her, she was as lissom as a fairy ! So, then, they said, they must teach her ;? and she took to it like natur'- and said there never was, i anything so delightful. ? Then they told her they '? practised it every night 'at the Lodge, and, she must come there and mako one of them. For a little time sho.stood out that she mustn't, and she! durstn't, and what would'comc of it if uncle and aunt found out! 'Well,, and if they did/ they can't send you to Bogey,' said Clendon, who never feared God nor devil; : And they all! laughed at her, and persuaded of her, so at last it was settled how it should be. ; After she was . gone to her room at night — thero was prayers .at the; Grange at half -past nine, and when they wore | over tho house was. shut up, and all- the lights was put out, and everybody went- to bed^she was to slip out: by , her window, and her young man' was to meet her, and take her to Manorbero and in by the old part of the house, and; through ,tho door at the top of the staircase , (what s barred up_ this many a year now), ami so down to the dancing-room ; and when their jinks ; was over, some on 'em took her -home again, all on the sly. I don't know how long this went on ?but not many times, I should.. think, or she'd likely got caught. It would have been, best for her if sne had, poor thing ! But one night, as' sho was whirling round and round with her lover, and Ms arm around her, ho felt her lean heavy; all of a sudden, and then slide away to the ground. They all stopped in a fright, and lifted; her up, and carried ? her to tho sofa ; but no burnt ! feathera nor vinegar, nor anything else, try what they might, would bring her to. They rode off like mad for a doctor, and ho came galloping back with 'em : but he could do nothing. She was, dead !' ' Good heavens ! how shocking !' cried Eflie. ' Ah ! you may say so, miss : cut off liko that in the midst of her sins 1' ' There's no sin in dancing,' said Lucy. 'But there is in dis-i obedience, miss, and deceit ! The doctor he said ! it was disease of the heart ; but Mr. Perigal, he never would be persuaded but what it was a judgment on her for seeking after carnal plea sures ; and he cursed the Clendons and all their lot, as tho devil's imps misleading the unwary. They wero moro strict and serious than ever, after that, at tho Grange, and tho house was liko a tomb for gloominess ; for' they both loved their nicco after their fashion, and they looked on her as a lost soul. Though, for my part, I can't help thinking tho Almighty mi^ht, mayhap, have, mercy on a poor; misguided child.'; _ ' You aro a better Christian than they were,' said Lucy. 'But what was the end of the Clendoris?' asked Effie. 'Well! Even they seemed sobered liko by. that shocking night's work. Tho party broke up soon after, and all! went away: for good* . The family nover came back, and I've heerd as how tho last on 'om died in forrin parts. Tho creditors como and took possession, and the property was cut up and sold off. Sevoral different families has had tho house, but none for long. They do' say that of a night, when all is quiet, that old door is heerd to open softly, cr,eak, creak, and then footsteps go stealing down stairs ; and then, by-and-bye, they como creeping up again, and the door creaks again, and sounds as if it was to. shut to. But .nothing is ever scon.' Effie listened to this recital with a sort of fas cinated terror, and repeated it with all its eorio particulars to her father and' Eleanor when they got home. 'And you believo it really is a ghost going to a ball, do you, my credulous little Ellie V said tno colonel, pulling hor ear play fully. ? ' But tho noises, papa ! Wo all heard them.' 'I have no doubt you did, that tho noises exist, though we havo not been able to ac count for them.. But don't you see, my dear girls, that it was the noises that wero the cause of tho ghost ; not the ghost that was tho cause of the noises.' When we got home, of course I told all this to Captain Macnamara, who, like all sailors, loved a ghost-story. But neither of us was troubled with nervous terrors. ;C-n inquiry we found that the oad ptory of tlio poor little truant girl was sub stantially true ; and then the matter passed from )ur minds. 'It was now April/very (fine weather, and warm for the time of year: ' ' Tempted by the beauty of; one. fragrant evening we had lingered -on the terrace, on returning from a' stroll in the garden' after our usual late dinnerj till I was quite tired. | ?So leaving -Dick to' finish his 'last cigar, I stepped! 'into the drawing-room, by the. window/. and sat! dpwnto the pianoforte; It was quite' dusk in- ; doors) butTdid'notlcare1 'to ring for; lights; till he came in,' so r continued playing little! bits of soft music by heart, till at last I fell upon; one of an old set of Beethoven's waltzes, which_had; not come' into my head for a! long time. '.While I; was playing/ 1 heard; the 'door to which' my ' ^backi was turned, open gently ; -butno one came in. ? I ; thought it was my husband,: and that he was stop pirigto listen, as the waltz was an old favorite of his. ff Is that you, Dick?' saicl'I. 'Will you1 order' .teal'- ?:??_-..-?? - ' -?..; /?''?:.. ^???y' K;; ;?./';-;' /'/ : No answer. I turnedround, arid there,1 looking; in at the half-opened door, as if the person' were standing behind it, I' saw a face 'so strange, so; wan ; and wistful-looking, that I uttered ail' ' in- \ voluntary cry. ' In a niomerit :Dick sprang, in at \ the window, and I pointed to the /door. .'. 'Who is it?' said I faintly: ' 'He -went to the ' 'door, j '?'? There' is. no one here. ' ' '?' It opened into an ante- j room ? which- he crossed,' '? arid looked. -out ' into the ; corridor; 'What was it; dear?' ? said he; pom-! ing back. - ' Youlook scared;' I told' him what I it was. ' The housemaid coming to see who- j therthe room was put to rights, I suppose.'; ' I suppose it must have been. But oh;Dick, i you can't think how weird, and ghastly, arid odd t the facejlookedj' 'Why, so does yours at this moment, love ; and 'most faces do look palo arid ; queer at twilight : especially peeping in at a door. ; Let us have lights.' '.He rang the bell'/ : Theser-; vants came in with the lamps and! tea, and I per suaded myself I had been mistaken. But sortie- i how I did not like to think of that face at the; door : and I shunned : making' : the : inquiry, , whether the housemaid had looked in. '''/?? j ?;?'; A few weeks later, we were to go up ts tbwnto ; pass the London season with my parent's, who had taken a house there :; and we had engaged to pay : visits to various relations 'in the country after-; wards, before returning to Manorbero' for ': the . cub-hunting in September. 'The niembers of the ; hunt who happened to bo still remaining in the neighborhood had got up a parting dinrier, at; which Captain Macnamara was to mako one.. ; It; took place at Barton, a, town five or six miles; from us, and at an early hour, because ; some of ; the party had ? a long ride home afterwards. _^ Ij dined alone at our usual timel I walked in tho; garden a-little witii our favorite terrier; Fussy, ; and than 'I sat lazily enjoying my tea and a news book till I found myself beginningto bod. Look-;, ing at my watch I saw it was already eleven o'clock, and knowing that my ' husband might be expected 'homo in. half 'an hour or so/ 1 preferred, waiting up for him to going tb bed ;;so I went to; the piano to rouse/myself. Fussy, who was very: fond of music, sat up, stretched himself, and followed me to the instrument, where he placed himself at my feet; Afterplaying several pieces,/ the old Beethoven waltzes recurred to my memory and.I began them. '? ?' ' ''..?'?'.. / : ' : ',' ! ' I' must make the confession that after the even- ; ing when that'ver'y linpleasant face had. looked in . so mysteriously, I had been weak enough tohavei the piano moved so as ?? to sit facing any. one who ( ?might come to the. door. There was only one; lamp in the room, on my reading table; so the; other'end of the spacious apartment was imper- ! fectly lighted. Looking up as I played, to my' astonishment I saw in tho distance whatli thought to be two white mice capering about on ; the floor. I left.the piano'and went to the spot, but! nothing wastobe seen. This did not surprise me, ' as naturally tho timid creatures .would riiii; away at the slightest movement; but being very; fond of animals I wanted to discover them, arid, sought; under /the sofa arid chairs, and' in every corner of the room. All in vain. At ' hast, ; hoping that if Ikept quiet they might conie out; agairi, and wondering ' at the music seeming' to i attract . them, I sat down once more to my ; waltzes. In an instant, there they were 'again,; going round arid round with' tlio greatest regula- ! rity ; but the moment' I stopped playing or . ?moved' from my/place they were gone; 'This! happened three'. or four times,' and the oddest' thing was that Fussy, who was rabid after rats/ and mice, instead of flying at1 these little crea-! turescrept close to iri'o and crouched treriibling; by my side. ; I was glad of it, for I did not wish to have the pretty dancers killed, and I had just j recommenced my tune for the fourth time when ! the door opened and my husband entered arid \ waltzed lip ,' the ? room towards , mey . while the i little- creatures . kept : -time with him perfectly, s seeming'to follow his steps. ? 'Dick ! Dick!'! said I/: without stopping my ' music ; 'look; there! Didyou ever see anything so curious?' ? He paused- looked in the' direction indicated j by my eyes/arid' then iria tone of utter amaze-' inent, exclaiiiied : 'Feet ! by'Heaven !' 'Wbat !' ; cried I, starting up.. He stood as if petrified, i Nothing was ? to be seen, of the strarige apparition. ' I told' hiiri ' what had happened, arid that' T be- ! lieved them' to be white mice that I had seen.; 'Mice .''said he. ' As sure as I stand here, it; was a pair of feet inwhite satin shoes !' Go, back and play.' I did so. !' There they are' again, ; by Heavens ! Come quickly. ' ; \I ran to tho end j of the room, but no trace of them appeared. ' '? ' | ' Next morning wo started 'for London in. the! full expectation of returning to' Matibrb' ere early j in September. But we wero suriunonedirithoi beginning of the month to what proved to be; the death-bed of my dear father, 'and changes in; the family arrangeriients consequent upon that; event kept us some weeks away. ' -. ? ! During this time an uncle, of my husband's j was appointed to the governorship of a colony, , and wrote to offcr-his nephew tho post of naval aide-de-camp, which' he gladly accepted: - Beforo ' the year was out, we had sailed for our new des- ' oination. When wo caine back to England tho haunted house had ceased to exist. - -A railway: company , had bought it and'run.its iron road: clean across the pretty garden; ! The house was ? razed to tho ground, the trees 'wore felled, and corn now. grows on the scone, of the ghost's waltz. ; For somo timp/Dipk and I kept the/story of ? the ghost'B waltz' strictly to ourselves j but the1 public mind is now so well prepared for the ro- j ccption of marvels, : that I hayo no hesitation in i desiring its acceptance of this authentic littlo history. Accustomed as every one is, now-a-days, ; to hear — though certainly not to see — how gentle- : men who print their indisputable^ experiences can; elongate thomselvcs, ? ' flatten themselves, . grazo i thomsolves against ceilings; and flit in and out of . thrco-pair-of -stair; windows ; how instruments of , music, can play for their own amusomoijt in bddj comers out of humanity's reach, 'or fly about in; tho air, while human beings float among them ; ! how hands, ? unattached (liko retired colonels), j can gather flowers and crown poets ; and how: spiritual beings can return from tho gravoy to! enjoy a gamo of romp3 under a loo-tablo, or -talk; more dreary nonsenso than they talked in life, if possible ; thoro surely can bo no difficulty in . be- ,' lioving tho simple fact of a poor littlo pair of feet in white satin shoes returning to this world, at tho summons . of a favorite tuno, to finish a ? clanco unexpectedly cut short by ruthless Death ! A correspondent writing from the Wimmera ? district gives a very me-, lancholy account of the grazing capabili ties of the country north, of Horsham. He says : — We havo only had one shower of any consequence this season, and fortunately ; for our own sakes, to say nothing of our Bheep, wo managed to get a fair supply of water in. most of our dams j but alter, all the country is almost bare, and what should be- grass is only ;' dried ; up chips. How tb.o: sheep ! exist at all is marvel lous, yet strange -to say -you will meet flock after flock nibbling away at the burnt up herbage, which crumbles to, powder in,;their mouths. . ? Of course most of them subsisting thus are merely wool-eovered skeletons, and. thousands' /are compelled to1 be sent off to sb'me oasis 'or 'other to ;s«ave'-' tlieir'Jives. Boiling'down has been tried, but where the sheep : are so poor they ' hardly yield fat enough to ; prove, remunerative.1; We' are not called a very religious class up. in the Mallee, but if ever a prayer is offered up; it. is for .rain,-. ./.. .',., ,.; . ,.,: ^ ;;.'., . i:-J, '-...?,. .-,?-; ?: :?;- 