MISCELLANEOUS. Veeke ending December 3. Earl Pembroke's yacht, the Albatross, has been wreeked on the voyage from Samoa to Lecuka. The Earl and crew took to the boat., and were picked up by the barque Duke of Edinburgh. A telegram from Roohampton states:--The immi .nts per boyal Dane are being quickly engaged. Niinstyleft by the Tinenee for the North on Thunradey. The Florence Irring, from Sydney with the Queens. land portion of the Englibsh mail, arrived at Brisbane early on Monday morning, and letters were delivered in Ipuieh in the afternoon. SThe coourrnee of a fatal accident at Jeebropilly was discovered on Saturday. A man named James lmnahan, aged about fifty years, who was engaged on a elearing contract for Mr. Jacobs, had his breakfast as nsal on Friday morning, bnt did not return to dinner. No importance was attached to this ciroum* etanoebut when he didnot come in at supper-time -isspicions were aroseed that something must be wrong. Aoordinglya search was made, and the dead body of Lenahan was found by Mr. Jacobs in the rp donk where he had been stumping, lying at the ftofa gm.tree, the face towards the earth and an axe still mn his left hand. There had been a tree burning about twelve yards off, and, as it had fallen quite clrose to the body, the supposaition is that one of the branches struck daceaued and knocked him down, and that before he could get out of the way his death was caused by a part of the trunk fadlling on him. Under the Act of 1868 there has been more land saeleeted in the Ipswich district than in any other nt of the colony, and the same might no doubt have saibeen d of selections under the leasing Act if whole male dummying had not been so extensively practised Sin the Warwick district. A Gilbert eoorrespondent, under date Nov. 5, writes: -uI am at mywits' end for something to write about this mail. Everything is awfully dull and stupid, and Swill continue to be so until our crusher arrives. I see they have found play for brickmaking on the site where the machine is to be fixed, and havestarted mazufactur * ingthe bricnks for the engine-bed, so that, barring rcci dents, the monotony of our daily life will be relieved Sby the musit of the etampers about the beginning of 3871 The Obinese population is making ite way to Western Greek district; great numbers have left for therm this lratweek. The alluvarilsattheBSix-mileisenearly workedout,but some goodpatbchas arenontinuallvbeing found. M'Gregor and party are prospecting the country farther out, and many who know the distuiet are very sannuine as to the result. A greet many here are propecig for refs, with what succesas time will Sshow. The Csommissioner's reefersn*ar e raising magnifi cent stone this week, and all are steadily at work. A meeting was held at the Hit or Miss Hotel, for taking the preliminary steps of our turf club races at Christ ass. A large num weas subsoribed so we may expect 'some good o The weabther i awfully hot now. Gene helhgood." : Ourcorreepondent at Bedbank Plains, near Ipuwieh, writes --Coesidering the favourable weather we have had lately, the cotton crop does not look as forward as it did this time last year. This I think may be attnri buted to the too abundant fall of rain, which was im Smediately followed by intense heat, causing the ser face of kthe earth-to the depth of npwards of two inches--to become one solid erust, which seems to have obeoked the progress of the young cotton. The pruned looks very well, but the irregularities in its growth give it a cheerless aspect. Notwithstanding all these discrepanoies, there it a hopeful tendency in the tide of sgroultural parsuits; and no doubt with San average season the farmers will be amply rewarded. The heavy rain damaged a good deal of hay which the farmers were in the act of making : the patches of maise are doing well; vegetables of all sorts are plentifel; the grape vines promise a heavy yield; the peasohes are remarkably small in size but large in quantity. S' In a oowoombs paper we read:-A batch of Ger man immig ante, numbering in allabout thirty, ar rived:here y tbohe up-train on Friday night. Thepro prietor of the Queen'sArmsHotel very kindly provuded supper andlodging for the new comers, and the whole roptysoeeded in obtaining employment on the fol • ow?i~ day. A drayton eorrespondent writes:--I have seen a paddock of splendid hay now nsaved, and judges .avenage it to yield between three and four tons to the acre. Indeed, I have heard very old residents sy that the crop of oats this year beat anyt thing theyever saw before, either in this orthe old country. Iregret the rnst has proved very prevalent in the wheat this year again. Some gardens around here have been cut down for hay, andMr. Allen, who took the first prise for wheat at the Drayton and Too woomba Agrieulinal and Hortieultursl society, has bad .the mortiflnation to cut down for hay seventeen acmre at Emn Creet, though the seed and soil were in erery respeot similar to what produed the prize-wheat last year. There are, however, nota few gardens quite free from rnest, and I notined a paddock belonging to Mr. Leoeferof the bearded sort, which is quite healthy, not the alightest appearanre of rust or smat to be found amongst it. Idoubt not but this kind of wheat is snitable for our climate, and there is every proba bility of itebeing extensirvely sown next year. Potatoes asosgoodropthisseason. Go whereyoumay this very popular vegetable appears splendid, and from all I can learn the bulbs are aret-class. I have no doubt fromthe quantity sown and the heavy returns to be psothd tat potatoes will sell this season at 2s 6d. the net. A gentleman lately returned from the new township on the Burnett River- Bnndeburg-gives us a most asttering aooount of the inreasing prosperity of that loeality. OCarpenters are busy dayand night erecting atonr and hotels. The saw-mill have to work late and early to perform the orders with which they are deluged. Tle national school will be soon in course of erection, tenders baring been called for that purpose. Plantations are opening out all along the river, and sugarmills will be immediately in working operation. Everything betokens prosperity. From a account of the execution of Ross at Rook hampton for the Springaure murder, referred to in ,prewoos summaries, we extract the following: On arriving at the foot of the saaffold, the Rev., Mr. Carson prayed with Ress, who weeas much agitated, and seemed tooin earnestly in the prayer. At 8 o'elock Roe ascended the steps, trembling greatly, and being led by one of the gaolers, the Rev. Mr. Carson follow. ing. On wesbing the platform, the rope was adjusted round his neck bythe executioner, and he then addnressed the spectators in the following brief sen tenses: "My dear friends, let this be a warning to you. May God have mercy on all yoursoul." And then, in a tremnlous voice, scaroely audible, said: "O Lord, my God, anto Thee I commend my spirit this morning. Look upon a poor miserable snner. O Lord God, have mercy upon me, and pardon all my sins." The white cap was then drawn down over his face, and tied round the neck. The Rev. J. Caraon agsin prayed, standing beside the condemned man, saying, "Into Thy merli fol hands, O Lord, we commend the soul of this Thy servant, now about to depart from the body. Re aeive him, we humbly beseeoh Thee, into the arms of Thy mercy, into the glorious society of the saints in Heaven. Amen." Then, taking Ross by the hand, the minister continued: "God the Father who hath ereated thee, God the Son who hath redeemed thee, God the Holy Ghost who bath infused His grace in thee, be now and evermore with thee; assist thee in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life. PFarewelll" The minister shook hands with him, and retired. LHere follows an account of the hanging, Ic., after which the report proeedas.l From the Rev. Mr. Oarson we learn that Bosa was a native of Scot land, county of Satherlandshire, parish of Fan, Beauty Hill. His mother is still alive, and Ross, shortly before his death requested Mr. Carson to write to her. Hesaid his father died when he was very young, and he did not remember anything of him. Boss never admitted his guilt until after Mr. Wiseman communicated to him the telegram doing the day for the execution. The day afterwards Boss said to Mr. Sheehy, the governor of the gaol," "He wished Mr. Carson there. He wanted to say that Jimmy Ah Neo was not guilty. He himself committed the murder." This statement was put in writing, and Mr. Carson sent for. The convict then made what he called a full statement; and on a subsequent occasion he sent for Mr. Carson and made another statement, correcting the prevrious one as to the poisoning, saying that it was he and not the wife of the murdered man that put the poison in the gruel. Boss wns an intelligent man, and was favored with a religious eduoation. During the whole time of his condnement in gsol he was very anxious to read religious books, especially the Bible. Since he heard that the day was mwed for his execution, he appeared penitent, and wae very anxious for instruction from hue spiritual adviser. * Thsl does not mean that either tile reef or tile reeers heIelg tothe Comm, saoser, cut ellly lat the fOorcer ts a?edm c aCe hem, oe rather eater hi, office. The Ipsawich Temperanco Sooiety held its annual meeting at the society's hall in Weststreet on Tuesday eight last. The meeting was not so well attended as the promoters could have wished. Addresses were delivered by rarious speakers, who warmly advo cated temperance principles, and urged renewed effort in spreading the influence of the society. The honorary secretary, then submitted the annual report, which showed that a Beehasbite tent, or tem perance benefit society, had been established, and wes progressing steadily ; thirty-one public meetinge had been held under the auspices of the society in town and country; two lectures had been delivered in connection with the society; the outside meetings had been well attended, and one hundred and sixty new membershadbeen added to thesociety'sroll; theeociety was entirely free from debt, with a few pounds to its credit. The committee, on retiring, thanked the society for the confidence reposed in them while in occne, and urged renewed labours in the good cause. The president announced that it was the intention cf the committee to arrange for fortniglhtly meetings, to be devoted to the delivery of addresses and readings alternately. The election of oefeers for the ensuing year then took place. It is anticipated that the rents of land selected in the Ipswich district, under the Land Acts of 1866 and 1868, will amount to about £20,000 for the pre sent year. This sum must goon increasing for several years, and no doubt oill do so in perpetuity. A man named Morgan was drowned on Mfonday last on the Bowen road from Rals-ewood while trying to cross the Burdehin. Our Charleville correspondent hwrites: i-le fre uency of floods has delayed the shearing "Out West" materially, and the great scarcity of men is only to be accounted for by the absorption of the gold-fields. Wages are exactly double what they were six months ago. Stations hereabouts are offering (for the period) fabulous prices for shearing, or in fact any duties in connection therewith, and are still unable to procure a full complement. The New South Wales Government have directed that proceedings be taken against the pilot who was on board the Avooa, mail steamer, at the time the collision occurred with the Waimea in Port Jackson. Gold is reported to have been discovered in New Caledonia. ADalby paper states:-We have received a sample of wheat grown during the present very favourable season by Mr. John Woodland, of Drayton- street. The wheat is a white Egyptian variety, and it is considered iemarkable on account of the large number of stems shooting from each seed, and because oftho consequent large yield. The ears are from three to five inches in length, and they contain about fifty grains each. The grain is exceedingly well formed, plump and firm, and would, we should imagine, weigh well, probably as much as 6-1bs. to the bushel. The wheat was grown in Mr. Woodland's garden, and was sown in June, so that the crop was reaped five months after planting. The late heavy rains imparted-or ap peared to impart-to the crop a blight resembling rust, but the grain was too well developed for any serious injury to result. The stalks, which are bright and clean, did not grow more than three feet high. The following are the latest Gympie crushings : 76 tons from the prospect claim, Smithfield, yielded 7ozs. 8dwts. (the portion of reef from which this stone was taken is in a granite formation, and to this is at tributable the poorness of the yield); 11 tone from No. 1 south, Badows, Skinner and party, yielded 67ozs. 16dwts.; 9 tons, the remainder of the 116 tons lately crushed from the prospecting claim, Monckland, yielded 14ozs.; 12 tons from No. 1 south, Never Mind, Linaore and party, yielded 10ozs. lTdwte.; 26 tons from the prospecting claim, Duffer reef, Johaston and party, yielded 4lozs. 8dwts.; 2 tons of trial stone from No. 2 north, Lady Mary (W. H. Couldery), yielded 2ozs. l0dets. The new Presbyterian Church, at Warwick, was opened on Sunday last, the services being conducted by the Rev. I. Mackay, the minister of the congrega tion. This building, which has been for some time in course of erection, is now nearly completed and is one of the beat ornaments the town possesses. The cash receipts on the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending lest Saturday were as follows:-Passengers, £172; parcels, £12 ?8s. Id.; minoellroennus. A11 i . 9d.W annds. £6129 11s. Rd. Total, £1481 Os. Id. A telegram from Townsville states:-The coast blesks are still giving a great deal of trouble to the settlers. A report has been received that last week they killed a Kanaka at Waterview, Mr. Allingham's station, and ate the body. 