LAUNOESTON. Wodncsdav. Tho man who murdorod tho hospital gata-keopor lias been arrested. The Mail. — Tbo English tologram via San Fran- oisco, had not como to hand whon we went to preBS last night, much to tlio disappointment ot tho pooplo, who are anxiously awaiting nows from tho thoatro of war. Tho Suez mail is duo to-day, und immediately upon its arrival wo shall publish an extraordinary free of charge to subscribers. Oreuorne Gardens, — HisExcollonoy the Govornor attondad by Alox. Fyle, Esq., M.L.A., W. H. Wiseman, Esq,, P.M., W. J. Brown, Esq., Sub- Collector of Cus toms, and Captain Rowlos, paid a visit on Thursday afternoon to Mr. Pone's Oremorno Gardens, North Roekliampton. Notico wob reccivod at about 4 o'clock p.m., that his Excclloncy would orosB tho rivor, and an impromptu addreBS was prepared, road and presented to him unon his arriving at tho Cremorno Hotel, at about half-past 5 o'clock. His Excolloncy oxpressed liimsolf exceedingly gratified, and promised to send a writton reply. 'The gardens, which novor lookod hotter, and presented ono blaze of (lowers, wero warmly praised by hU Excellency, who with his affa bility and savoirfaire, placed everybody at oaso around him, nnd quito won Mr. Pono's liourt, by tlio interest ho took in his slirubB nnd fruit trcos, and upon tho praises ho bostowod upon tlio gonorul laying out of tho grounds. His Excolloncy partook of a slight refresh ment in tho rotunda, and after strolling about tho gardens for nearly an hour, returned to Roekliampton, pleased, wo aro oortain, with what ho had soon, and leaving thoso ho hnd visited equally pleased with tho uneffcctcd kindlincBS of his manner, and with tho courtcBV lie displayed to all who were prcsonted to him. Tho following, in reply to tho address abovo re ferred to, was received from his Excellency yesterday aftornoon , — " Gentlemen, — I thank you sincerely for your loyul address of welcome on this my first visit to North Roekliampton. I havo oBpeoially to thank you for tho fluttering torms in which you mention mv policy nnd relations to tho peoplo of Queensland. I can assure you that I valuo such addresses, not from any display that may accompany them, but from tho genuine kind fcolings which they express, and I shall not forgot either North Roekliampton or the very ploa- sant visit whioh I was enabled to pay it. I hope at somo future time again to meet you, and to find your prosperity on tho inorcose. — Bolievo me, your faithful friend, Bam. W. Blagkall, Governor." "To Messrs. Robison, Fene, and Perrior, North Roekliampton." Luncheon. — His Excclloncy the Govornor, and about twenty gentlemen, sat down to luncheon yestor- day at tbe Leiohhardt Hotel. A very handsome collation was prepared by Mr. Joyce, consisting of the delicacies of tho eouBOn, to whioh ample jastico was done by those present. Everything pussod off in tho moBt satisfactory muncor, and Mr. Joyce deserves great credit for tlio excellent way in whioh tbo variouB dislios wore plaood upon the table. Wo may add that tho Governor oxpressed himself highly ploascd with tho entertainment, and tlio attention which had been paid to him. A Visitor. — Wo loam that SeDior-Lioutanant Romilly, of H.M.S. Galatea, is at present upon a visit to his brother, who 1b a partner in tho firm of Hewitt and Romilly, owners of tho Pclystowo sugar plantation, Mackay. Lieutenant Romilly was transhipped to Maetay in tlio Tinonee at Kcppcl Bay, and will, wo boliovo after a short stay return direct to Sydney. Volunteers. — Tho volunteers wore inspootod by his Excellency yestorday afternoon, who afterwards, in common parlance, " shouted " for them at tho Loicli- liurdl Hotel, whon the healths of Her Majesty and of Oolonol Bluckall wero enthusiastically drunk in bumpers. Wo havo not hoard whether his Excellency expressed any opinion as to tho amount of resistance tho gallant corps would bo likely to mnko in caso Queensland wore invadod, and tho fair oity of BriB- bono, or rather its " intelligent tradosmon," aa a writor in tho Courier culls thorn, laid undor contribution. Volunteer Excursion. — We understand that Cap tain Milford has engagod tho steamer Mary for the Volunteers on tho 9th Novomber, tho Princo of Wales Birtlidny. The steamer will loavo tho wharf as early as possiblo tor tlio Bay and Curtis Inland, and tho trip will bo cntivoned by tho preBonco of the band. Clerical. — Bishop Tuffnell arrived by the Queenti- land at Gludstono yesterday, and intouds to remain in that town for a wcok ; we may thoroforo oxpeot him by the Lady Somen. His Lordship's visit to Rockhamp- ton will bo limited, as he will proceed North by tlio Tinonee on her return trip. < More Econohv. — Wo understand that tho Govern ment havo purchased tho Fitzroy Hotol, a shaky wooden building, for tlio purpose of converting it into a Bonded Store ; wo eau hardly boliovo this, booauso with a very small sum in addition to tlint laid out upon tiro hotol, a good nnd substantial bonding wnro- hoiiBO could linvo beon orootod, nnd ongagod given to a number of our, at present, lightly employed enr- pentors nnd brioklayors. 'Hub, if truo, is anothor instaneo of the beggarly economy of those who ore at present at tbo head of affairs ; thoy are continually passing off scoundrelly pewter as pure silver, and with consum- mate impudence try to muko ub boliovo that wo aro foolB not to aooopt it with gratitudo. And yet wo are told tlio Bouthomors and thoir rulors are not hostilo to us, aud it docs not appear, marvellous that thoy should evince hostility to thoso they flocce with im punity. Tho thorns are not hostile to tho ehoop from whoso backs thoy tonr tho wool— true, but tbey are nono tho loss robbors. Tho hostility or tho friendship it littlo mattors which, that wo complain of is, that tho Southerners will spond our monor far ub, wliilo thoy will not givo ub justice, and that whon wo sook separa tion at tho hands of Groat Britain thoy throw them- eelvos in our path and opposo us, becauso thoy have no desiro to loso our ready oash. If wo undortook to pay thorn £80,000 per annum thoy would sanotion Separa tion at Dawes' Range. If they aro so dosirous of giving us fair play they will, of course, furniBh us with funds to fight tho coming battlo ; because it will bo hardly consistent with tho rulos of equity that thoy should take our monoy to buy weapos to bo cmployod agaiuBt us, and leavo us to pay our oxpenses out of our private pursos. To mako ueo of our money for tho purposo of defeating Separation, would bo as bad as a pouclier shooting pheasants in a preserve, and thon Boiling a braco to tbo proprietor of tho laud. Wo do not sea, if our trade is increasing so rapidly, why Rookhampton moreliants ond others who possoes largo and safolv built promises, Bliould not bo allowed to liavo privato bonding stores ; thoy exist and in plonty in Brisbane, Sydnoy, .Molbourno, Adolaidc, and in fact in all post towns in tbo old and now worlds, with but rare ox- coptione, and why our town should form ono of those exceptions wo arc at a loss to comprehend. The Bris bano poaplo don't liko tho idoa of our hearing the ring of tlio hammer in our town, and ovory nail that is drivon on this sida of Maryborough givos them tremor cordis. For months and months past not ono ponny of Government monoy has boon spent in tho town, and vory few pounds in tho distriot around, and now that thoro is an opportunity of omploying a fow hands it is passed by, nnd the amount paid for an old tumble down building, which a fire would sweep off in twonty minutes, will leavo tlio colony never to return. Eliou 1 Gavial Creek Bridqe. — Tho bridgo which was partially swopt away by tho floods in tho oarlior part of tho season, is uow being repaired ; and in order that traffic might not bo stopped a temporary bridgo was erected, but it was plaood bo oloso upon tlio wator, that aftor tho rain which foil about a week sinoo, it was carried away by tho slight rush that followed. Tho consequence is, that those who travel backwards aud forwnras to tlio Crooodile and tbo intermediate places aro compelled to mako a oirouit of some ten miles. The original bridge was oreoted in suoh a mannor that no provision whatover existed for a flood; wo truBt that the publio interests will be better looked after now, and that a similar mietako will not be made with tho work in progress. Horses and — Ahem ! — Wo don't like'.harping con tinually on ono string, any more than wo liko being confined to one string to our bow, but wo feel bound once more to call tlio attention of tlio Inspector of Nuisances to the foot that numorous horses belonging, wo presume, to "Doacon Poabody," nro continually wandering about tho town, destroying tbo footpaths and getting into overy body's way. Oil Thursday we noticed no loss than Bovon in East-streot, taking it leisurely onough and paying but lantcn attontion to tho curs which wore yelping at their heels, or to tho stones which occasionally sung round thoir onrs. Wo onviod thorn their nonchalance and admired thoir pationcc, but wo did not think it right thoy should thus deliber ately sot tho Municipal laws at defiance ; but, porhaps, brutes ns they wero, thoy had somo inkling of the present stato of Municipal affairs und felt they had quito a right to disobey regulations, when tlioso who ought to see them executed carry thoir night-caps witli them, whon thoy attond the fortnightly mectingB, and amid tho intervals of their forty winks, havo just spirit onough to quarrel amongBt thomselvos, and thon to collapse into a condition of Rip-Van-Winkloism. Amongst the horses wo refer to wo beg, for tho infor mation of the Insnoctor of Nuisances, to say, thoro wero two black cobs branded M in a circle off shouldor, and liko YK near shoulder,; a chostnut horso in shouldor. Thoso descriptions may enablo him to traco the ownors. A Pleasurb Trie. — Mr. G. B. Shaw has boon during tho week actively engaged in procuring tho necccssary funds to onable him to indulgo tho children of tho Church of England Sunday School in a pleasure trip on Monday next. Ho has boon qnito successful in liis endeavors ; from somo ho obtained money, from othois gifts of fowls, ducks, haras, jamB, and othor good things, so that tho littlo onos will not only linvo a holiday and a good blow upon tho water, but also a thorough good " tuek out," whioh wo hope will not OTontuato in rendoring tlio presonca of tho doctor necessary tho next day. Wo quito rejoice that the children, who havo seldom opportunities of enjoying themselves beyond their ordinary amusements of spinning tops, playing at ring taw, nursing dolls nnd polling tho unfortunate goats, should thus, for one day at loast out of the tlireo hundred and sixty fivo, throw their bookB and slates in a corner, and obtain a glimpso of that ploasuro which thoir god fathers and godmothers and thoir " parontals " sot so much store by. Mr. Shaw dosorveB groat credit for his kindnosB, and wo hopo that buforo tlio youngsters go homo they will throw up thoir hats and bonnots and givo him throo choors. Wo havo not been mado acquainted with tlio programmo, but wo believe the stoumor will proceod to Curtis Island, whouoo, after a fow hours stay, sho will start again for Rookhampton. The Banana Case. — A private onquiry has boon hold by Mossrs. Wisoman and Murray, Polico Magis trates, relative to tho manner in whioh tho Into ohargo mado against Messrs. S. B. Davis and O. F. Dutton was investigated. Tlio uhargo nnd replies wore heard, and wo understand that tho particulars hava been for warded to head-quarters at Brisbano. Horbr Selling. — Foots, whioh are stubborn and uncomfortable things, aro continually reminding us that wo aro right in our bolief, that many of our laws aro wanting in oloarncsB, and that thoy do not provido equally for tho safety and seourity of all. We have frequently boon witnoBSos to the introduction, development and issuo of suits of almost evory des cription, and havo as froquontly folt convinced that the intricacies and windings whioh load to the palace of justioo, aro as diffioult to thread as the mazes of Rosamond's Bower, or the famous Labyrinth oi Crete. Now, what oan bo more unsatisfactory than the law with regard to the buying ond Belling of horses P An instance came before us on Thursday which proves how much tho purchaser is at the moroy of tho sollor. A horso-doalor, well-known in the dis trict, sold a valuable cart horse to a teamster, who took it up the country with a load and then sold him. The party who bought him had not had him in his possession more than a week whon a person stepped forward and claimed him as liis property. Tho con sequence was tbat tho horse had to be given up, and the teamster to refund the monoy ho had reooived. Ho thon, ot courso, earns upon tlio horse-dealer, but from him ho could obtain no satisfaction, becauso ho is hopelessly poor, and is at presont completely en- tanglod in tho meshes of debt. Thus, tho teamster must either comaonco a civil aotion, without tho slightest chance of recovering ono farthing, or quiotly put up with tlio loss of his monoy. There is, there fore, a link wanting somewhere in the legal ohain. Tbe law oannot certainly got blood out of a stono, nor force a man to pay his creditors whon ho is a complete bankrupt, but in a cueo like tlio one we havo in stanced, surely the person who sold tho horso to tho tenmstor ought to bo compelled to show how ho bo- came possessed of him, without placing tho purohasor to an expense which ho cannot afford. Many wrong- doors thus escapo punishment, and continue to era with impunity until tliey happen to moot with a victim who lms both tho will aud tho inoans to bring him to justico. Tho tcauistor is a poor man, ho can't afford to throw a«ay good monoy aftor bad, nor to indulge in tho luxury of punishing a parson who lias injured him, therefore, in a country liko this, whore there are a groat many of tho disciples of Antolyeus (a gontloman who was famouB in his day for removing tho brands from his neighbours cattlo and placing his own thereon), and when pooplo cannot, in most in stances, afford to wasto oithor time or money upon bringing civil actions ayainsc thoso who doliborutoly rob thorn, would it not bo advisable for the Govorn- mont to introduce Bomo measure by whioh those who tako out roving commissions could bo brought to book at onco and handed over to tho administrators of tho law to bo dealt with in a Bummury manner. Departure.— His Excclloncy tho Govornor -will leavo Rockhampton by .tho Mary this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, for Gladstone, -His visit ' lias boen a striotly privato ono, consequently there havo boon no publio demonstrations, but his Excolloncy has receivod and paid many visits, and has no doubt mado liimBolf thoroughly acquainted with tho gcnoral fcolings exist ing upon tho various questions now agitating tho publio mind, although wo aro pretty certain that no ono has had tbo bad taste to thrust politioal subjects boforo him. Wo liopo that his short stay amongst us has inoronsod his good fooling towards " rowdy Rook hampton ," in as great a degrco as it has Btrongthonod tho respoot its pooplo entertain towards him ; and wo further hopo as his "—memory watohcB o'er the gay review Of Joys tbat faded liko the morning dew," it will discover nothing to liim, to mar tbo pleasing associations attending his limited sojourn liore, savo tho ono roaret, that he was provontod by many grave and important dutioB from making it longor. Quite Right. — Tho Munioipal Council havo, we understand, passed a resolution to tho effoot, tlmt thoy intend to tako possession of all unoooupiod lands and bouses witbtn tho municipality upon whioh no rates havo boon paid sinoo tho year 1805, and to lot them if thoy can. This is but right, and such a step ought to havo been taken yoars since, for it is almost imnossiblo to go furthor back than 1865, as so much difficulty would ariBO and so muoh expenso .bo incurred in perusing tto necessary proofs of tho sorving of notices. Tho Munioipal treasury chest is full of emptiness simply becauso tho rates havo not bcon proporly ool- lorted nnd baro boon allowod to fall in nrrear. Por- hapB our coming new brooms will swoop tho owing monoy into the local coffers. Givb Unto Gksab, &o.;— A " Star " silver medal has boon lately executed by tho ordors of aomo of tho mcmbors of tho Loyal Hope Lodge, Copporfield, for tbo purposo of presenting it as a testimonial to Brotlior Nankcrvillo, P.G., for liis untiring and well directed onorgics in bolialf of tho Odd Follows Sooioty. Tho modal, whioli is oxceodinly woll exoouted and boars a complimentary inscription, is tho work of Mr. Kingolo, jowoller, of East-street. Blacksrllow's. — A crushing of 15 tonB of stono from Fatlison's and Fleming's claim latoly took placo at tho Exilo machine, resulting in a yiold of 32 ozs. Wandering Sheet. — Although our townsmen aro complaining of tho slackness of business, and although tho times nro cortninlv rnqnnllv Hull, wa rlnn'k f.liinlr «a aro muoli worse off than our neighbours. During the past weak sovorul porsons who had travelled north, for tho purposo of seeking thoir fortunos, returned with rather long faoos, doclaring tint as bad as Rockhamp ton was, it was infinitely better than any of tho northern towns. Although it is but poor consolation for us to know that our frionds are in tlio same fix as ourselvos, still wo receive somo satisfaction from tho faot that we shall most probably soe somo ot our wandering sheop baok in thoir old fold, carrying their tails, very much depressed, bohind thorn. We place groat faith in Rookhampton ; it is the oentro of a marvellously wealthy mining district , it has the finest book country in the Australias, and it is tho port to which all produoe must evontually flow for shipmont, and whenco all goods must arrive for tho supply of our people. All we want is good government, fair play, and our own money — and this wo cannot obtain whUo wo aro united to Brisbano ; tho altornativo is in our own hands. A Freak oe Nature. — "The Only Respectable Man in Rookhampton " shewed us yestorday a small but poouliarly shaped nuggot, which he had tho day boforo brought from Now Zealand Gully. By holding it in ono position wo could trace a oloso rasomblanee to a horses hoad , by turning it tbe opposite, that of a dog ; by holding it lengthways it prosontod tho ap pearance of a small shoaf of corn ; by reversing it thoro was an excollont. " prinoo's feather," wliilo at tbo top wo could sec something like a child in a cradlo. Wages.— On Thursday Thomas Kirkor was chargod, by John Dickio with having refused to pay him tho sum of £4 10s., wages, duo to him. Tlio pluintiff stated that ha entered doiondants sorvice on tho 30th Soptembor laBt, and was to bo paid at tho rato of £2 5s. por week ; lie stuid fourteen days, than threw up his situation and domauded £4 10s., tegetber with £2 compensation. The dofondant stated that Dickio was engaged for ono month and loft without completing his agroomont. It appourod in cross-examination that Diokio owod 15s for stores, 3s for drinks, and a tow shillings for cooking. Tho Bench after hoarlng witnesses dismissod tho infor mation. Separation Committee.— The ordinary fortnightly meeting of tho abovo Committoo wob held on Wod- ncsday last at tho offiocB of the Secretary, Donham Mulligan, Brodnitz, Maitland, and Fyfo, M.L.A. The minutes of tho last meoting wore road and confirmed, and tho Soorotary reported that Mr. Tomple had started on his tour for the purposo of oollocting signa tures to the memorial. Thoro was no othor business and tho meeting broke up. Mistaken Identity. — Our readers jmay romembor tbat some two months since tho body of a man was found floating in the river near tlio upper ferry. An inquest was hold, and two persons identified tho body as that of ono Alexander Stewart — and as Alexander Stewart it was buried, and nothing more was heard of tho affair until a fow days baok, whon tho boatman at the upper ferry was fairly friglitonod by soeing Alex ander Stewart walking towards tho boat for tbo purposo of crossing tho river. Not believing however in ghosts, and immodiatoly comprehending thoro must bo a mistako with regard to identity lio pullod Stewart across, who was not a littlo amused at tho idea of his having boon drowned and buried. Who could the Eoor fellow bo who was found floating P Wo shall avo to writo on his tomb stone tho aarno sort of melancholy epitaph as that which wo onoe saw in St. Olives ohurch yard, " Horo lios Phillip Massenqer, a stranger." We wonder how many thus periBh in tho wide Australias, who, if not without a " grave," and without boing "uncoffined and unknelled" are still " unknown." Mining. — The oruBliing maohine hasTagain como to a tomporary stand still for want of stone. Tho quartz raised was not quito oxhauBted, but it was thought as woll to delay for a weok or so, in order that roofers may aocumulato larger quantities of stone — as largo quantities can bo crushed more economically than small onos. It is oxpectod that whon tho stampors are agaiu set to work somothing liko 200 tons will bo ready for crashing. First-clots stone is being raised both on the Wolcomo and Star of Hopo, on tho latter of whioh reefs a sooond claim is now boing worked. — P. S. Teleyram. 