" Ghosts from the Battle Field." TUE Paris correspondent of tho Daily Telegraph gives the following account of the return of a few troops from tho war:-"There were from 160 to 200 mounted troops, in overy hind of cavalry uniform, riding in tho loosest of open order, and mingled pell-mell without distinction of uniform or grado. There did not seem to ho any oificor in com mand of this strange squadron. Cuirassiers, hussars, lancers, chasseurs, light dragoons, horse artillery, wero all there, higgledjr-pigglody, battered, ragged, dusty, dirty, jaded, but not crcBt- fallon. Some, wero so fatigued that thoy could scarcely keep up in their saddles, and nodded till tho plumes of their helmots , mingled with tho manes of their horses, but thoy had still bold words to say, and foul scorn to hurl at the Prussians. Theso spectral horsomon, theso phantom dragoons, woro tho romnants of tho dofoat at "Wcissonburg. This corporal of hussars was tho solo representative of a wholo troop, thoso five lancors tho only survivors of an entire squadron. Tho rest hal perished in tho fight, or were lying badly wounded in hospital. Thoro aro no wounded among these mon who had just trooped in from tho Eastern j railway station depot at Gronello to bo "ro-formed." Indocd they seemed to noed reforming altogothor, for unhurt soldiers, in a more deplorable state, I nover saw. Thoy looked ominontly wretched, and for long dayB past had evidently been wholly divorced from soap, water, towels, and clothes brushes-to say nothing of blacking, heolball, polishing, powder, pipeclay, and tho othor accesso ries of a smart cavalry soldier's toilot. Dinted back and broast-platos, dintod casquos, smirched garments, torn plumes, spatter-dashes incrusted with a fortnight's mud, and nover a clean shirt, I should say, among tho lot. Thus they carno back a ragged regiment. Thero was about theso fragments and shrods, and scattered leaves whirled from the tompost-tossed battle-field, something of an essentially unsubstantial and ghostly character. Thoy looked palo to unearthliness in tho gaslight. Their steeds had a shadowy prcsonco, and very soon, instead of resuming thoir march in a body, those waifs and strays of war scattorcd, and broko up in twos and threes, and as a body dissolved, I found myself ono of a group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a slim lad with a pale face, who was mounted on a big white horso. Ho was tho kind of statue to ask to sunnor without tho risk of fire and brimstono as a nightcap. Ho was a trum peter, and I fancy blow his own peculiar instrument, oratorically speaking, lustily. Ho told us that tho Prussians were smashed, riddled, blown up, crushed, pounded into powder, and stamped out. His own regiment, he said, had sabred ' mountains of men.' So thickly was the ground cumbered with dead Prussians that the French artillerymen could scarcely wheel their guns along. They would have won.tho day had they not been betrayed." 