NEW SDL Til WALKS. Ool.n Wamiinc; MteillM:.— The S. If. //.tciW of Ilic 24th March suys :_Mr (i M. Tuesday afternoon, of his newly invented apparatus for washing gold and precious during the experiment, lunongxt whom were Mr llolicrtsun, Mr .loseplison, Mr Owen, anil Mr Baker. About a lull of earth was passed through the niacliine in Ilicspurecif IS mimiles, but tin- water power was. ilniuuidy insufficient, and was mil ileliveiul witll siiflirienl full, nr Ihe upcriuion might have licon more quickly performed. Prior to comtiieneing Mr Stephen «wi iheii ei'iu1nu-j'uul|l'six''diai'uund's. six little nut-gets, and sixty-eighl gems, making in all eighty small pieces, which lie threw into a pan that was emptied on tu some earth pre viously placed in the machine. Half cm ounce of line gold was also added. The ma chine was then started, and the rest nf the earth fed in. The whole nf the gems and of llie process. The Sne gold of course re mained to be retorted. This was the first occasion un which the plate had been sil vered, ntid some loss of fine gold is always anticiiinted under sucli circumstances. The construction of lite machine has already been described In our columns, but the essence of the design may be said to consist in the fact that the copper-plute instead of being fixed in a slop Ing position is a rocker of scmi-cylindricnl shape, ami with the edges curled. The ef fect of this arrangement is, that with every tilt of the cradle the mercury flows forward and backwards, and this conBtanl agitation in llie vesMd, from which It cannot escape, and into which all the gold must come, gives it the maximum opportunity of combining with the gold, wliilc the snnd In the vessel is prevented from settling on the quicksilver not only by Ihe constant motion, bul by the action of two rows of spikes forming two rakes. The principal alterations In Ihe ma chine since Us last exhibition consist in the cdgeB of the amalgamation being made to curl over aliout un inch and a half more than before, in having a shallow groove sunk along the bottom of the vessel, and In having only two rows of spikes instead of three. Mr Stephen also explained Hint al though al the edge of the grm-collcc(or there was an opening t. allow of the cs. cipc of the lighter stones, that opening could be closed to any desired erlent by means of n copper slide with n curved end which could nerimcnl was considered safe and satisfactory, though some of the spectators expressed a desire to sec how It would operate with stiff and adhesive clay. An F.NOnitorB KANGAnoo Killed.— Mr Thomas M'Donald. of Duramnnn (says the Balliunt 7W«). killed on Ihe road ill the back of Mount Hankon, about six miles from Bathurst, one of the largest kangaroos that has ever been seen in this district. Mr M'Donald was accompanied by two dogs, and shortly after being sighted the ' old man' whb brought to bay. There was no heavy timber near the spot, so tllat the veteran of the forest was unable to obtain any back support In the shape of a large tree, and was placed ratlicr at a disadvantage when at tacked by his canine opponents. He dc fendcdhimsclf with great obstinacy, however, and It was nol until he had been brought to earth twelve times tliat he 'gave up the ghost.' During the attack Mr M'Donald stood dose at hand with a loaded gun ready to dispatch the kangaroo In the event of either nf the dogs being seized; but owing lo tho- widcness with whldi they fought, they did not sustain a single scratch. Upon being measured, the animal was found to bo over 7 feet In length, and it l« estimated that It weighed upwards of 1 cwt. The tall alone, when cut off, measured 4 feet 3 Inches In length, by it Inches In circumference at the thickest part, and its weight waB S4 lbs.; 