A PLEA FOB THE PLUMP. (New York Tribune.) The fat men's organization, in fact the organization of any truly fat man, must perforce have claims upon our attention, not to say our wonder. It is a large association, and its influence is widespread. Any measure which fat men combine to carry must have weight. Should they resolve to exercise a pressure upon public affairs we fear that common interests will have to give way. Conspiracy with such a body of men, be it mercantile or social or political, counts at the start upon an impregnable background ot defence, and an overpowering , invincibility of temperament. Withal they aire a most useful body in the widest sense of that word. The veiy wheels of progress are in some manner oiled with the substances of these comfortable men. In short, anything which they do in common ought to have the interest of an'event. Whether they sleep like a happy herd, or open their eyes together, whether they laugh as it were ia chorus and ' shake themselves like an undivided sea, or whether five hundred of them feed like one, they must be a delight to generous imaginations. Now we have made more than a tailor's allowance for tbe extent and cVr&cter; of the fat movement; but here at the 11th hour comes somebody to scold .us as a libeller. ''Good' humour and fat reciprocally produce each other." says this unnecessary champion j "and where there is none of the former there can be but little of the latter, and that unhealthy." Though the lean ghosts of flood and Phosnix stare at us, shall we have the heart to deny this one monster virtue so dear to the heart of every fat man P Think of them lor a moment without it— no better than withered gourds or collapsed balloons. "Was avarice ever the sphincter of fat men's hearts?" We should think not. "Do they ever combine to run up the price of provisions ?" We hope not. ".fob in health was fat,'- 4 says our berater, 1 for he mentions leanness among his afflictions." But we did not undertake to be the advocates of emaciation. .We might have ventured a speculation with reference to the seeming difficulty in many instances of Job's doctrine of the resurrection in the flesh ; but we let that pass. ' By far the fattest man I ever knew," proceeds our critic, "was the courteous and kind-hesrted D. H. L. a member of Congress for several \ ears. In bulk he was equal to three ordinary mortals, and to his credit, his heart seemed proportionally enlarged. Intellect in him was as unclouded as in that lean trio, Alexander Stevens, Henry Clay and John C. Calhoun." But was it not, not to put too fine a point on it, a rather fat intellect. We should marvel to think what fires of intellectual rage and domestic affection would consume the planets if fat men's hearts and brains were always in proportion to their bodies. Far be it from our purpose to exalt skin and bone. Heaven knows it is no crime exactly to be fat. Moral men have done it, preachers and the like, public benefactors at tbat. Portly men of a religious habit could hardly have sinned by neglect of penance in the good old days : their fat was a sufficient mortification— but we forbear. There is no law we know against getting what is usually called full, and if a school were opened to-morrow for the training of youth in the way they should waddle, we doubt not it would have in round numbers a great many pupils. Tbe cherubs are plump and the young lores are Waddiioves. . There would seem to be a distinct and privileged place m creation for good fat men and boys—a -kind of Fatland . here and hereafter. Even the plump must die, not always of apoplexy, we hope—and this consideration brings to mind that " the sighing and grief which can 'sw( 11 a man up so," place a truly fat mas, like a truly good man, chief^among the mourners. Hut there is that in a rannd countenance that Smiles upon despair, like corpulence on a monument. We think of fat ruddy'cheeked men, dying with out tragedy. Mortality quizzes them, chokes them with their own mirth. Tbey are killed by the prosperity of the flesh only, like Cupids smothered to death by pillows. Daatb tickles them with a straw, and a louder laugh Chan usual shakes the life out of them. Now, whoever says that our fat men are only the sleepeTB of the social railroad, and so disposed that engines of lean enterprise may run over them, does not know whereof he speaks. We venerate the lean man's cause, but for the fat man dare to plead. Any.fat movement must be necessarily slow, and it will be some time before such a cause can prepare a platform sufficient for its weight ; but in die event of a struggle for superiority, the cause of emaciation aod of antomy must go the wall. The Pat movement in brief, is simply a demand for elbow-room, and aB one for added suffrage it ought ~ an'd will be of the broadest character. Think of these solid men groaning under the oppressions of;tbe franchise, and crying out against custom ! If lean men have one vote, why should fat men hot have two P Two, did we say ? Why not Tote entirely by avoirdupois, and BO give the fat men's'association & whole district at oube ? 