j COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. I Dubikg the week ended Sth insUnit tlie Mint received 10,492 ozs. of gold. The escorts arrived with-V,"estern, 7828 ozs. II ilvvts. 19 grs of gold; and Southern, 2314 ozs. 19 dwts. 8 grs. Messrs BUEV.STER& TREBECK report on Sth in stant Stations. Station properties well situated in New Sorti Y/ales or Queensland continue to be en quired for, particularly fenced in cattlc runs in the Northern or Western districts. Sheep stations, unless those situated in the rattening districts of New South Wales, are difficult to realise, and Northern Queens land sheep properties will oniy find buyers at nominal rates.-Store Cattle. There is a very active demand for this class of stock, the quantity offering being to tally inadequate to the requirements of parties wish ing to purchase, while the prices asked for the few lots for sale are considered by purchasers to be almost prohibitory ; we quote the following as the prices at which this class of stock can be disposed at:-Supe rior bullocks, delivered south, IA to L4 7s. 6d. ditto, on northern stations, L216s. to L3 3s.; equal sexes on northern stations, L2 to L2 15s.; mixed lots, ditto, ditto, 32s. to 40s. per head.-Store Sheep. There are numerous buyers for well grown store wethers of ages suitable for fattening, and such are readily saleable at 5s. 6d. to Ga. on northern runs, or a proportionately increased figure if delivered south. Messrs. BREWSTER & TREBECK also report having sold 1500 head of store cattle, consisting of 1300 bul locks and 200 cows, at L4 5s. per head, cash, delivered at Menindie. Messrs. Ettebshank, EAGLESTONE, &Co.; report on Sth instant:-Pat Cattle. Very 'fall supply for the week, and prices fully 10s. to 15s. decline on last week's rates. Quotations-for prime heavy bullocks, 1>5 to L5 10s.; medium to good, L4 to L4 15s.-Fat Sheep. Market bare of all qualities. Good especially very scarce, and prices continue firm with every pros pect of remaining so for some time. Good heavy wethers 54 to 56 lbs. realise 12s.-Store Cattle continue scarce and are not to be bought on stations in New South "Wales. When taken for sale to Dubbo or Wagga.* SVagga, they command almost fat stock prices.*-SPe quote good bullocks, 2 toG years, at Wagga Wagga,'85s. to 90s.-Store Sheep. There are not many transactions reported, and we do not anticipate, an active business until after shearing. Good wethers, of suitable ages for fattening, are difficult to obtain. Messrs. Cadell report on 8th instant:-Stations. A disposition to invest is good pastoral properties Is still manifested.-Fat Cattle. The supply has been very moderate, and the prices realised have equalled those of the preceding week. A prime draft arriving shortly would command satisfactory rates. Present quotations, 13s. to 16s. per. lOOlbs. TheSydneymarket during the past few days has fallen fully 10a. per head. Fat Sheep. Prime wethers are scarce, and can be sold at 8s. to lis. per head. Quotations for sheep of in ferior quality unaltered-Store Cattle. If of-good ages and description can be placed at remunerative prices. We have sold 200 head of mixed cattle, in low condition, and of rough description, in the sale yards, Muscle Brook, at, bullocks L215s. to TS 18s., cows L2 4s.-Store Seeep are more in demand Wethers, three to five years old, are readily purchased at 5s. 6<L to 6s., on vendors' station; ewes and mixed lots at previous quotations.-Horses. Dull of sale. Messrs. Brunker & Sfabke report having sold 1529 fat ewes on account W. W. Fraser, Esq., Clare vaulx, at 5s. lOd. to 6s. each; 94 culls at 4s. Sd. each. Messrs. POWER, Rctherfoed, & Co., of Melbourne, report that prime cattle are 10s. dearer; bullocks sold averaged I<10 7s.; cows, L5 2s. 9& to L519s. Messrs. D. CAMPBELL & Co., of Melbourne, report that the fat cattle market has ruled firm; best beef is worth 25s. per 100 lbs.; 64-lb. wethers sold at 12s. ; and 48-lb. ewes at 10s. The ' Herald' of 8th instant says The greater por tion of the wool catalogued for yesterday's sales con sisted of medium and inferior samples of scoured, which were briskly competed for, and realised full prices. One good parcel of fleece brought 15id.; skin wool, 6Jd. to llid.; greasy, 6d. to 7id. Sheepskins were in request at extreme rates. Saturday's ' Herald' saysThe news per English mail has strengthened the tallow market, and induced greater competition at public sales held yesterday. There was a good stock of hides, but as the orders for Victoria seemed to have been satisfied, heavy weights did not realise the high prices ruling last week. Well cured light and medium weights brought full rates. Buyers of leather operated freely, and cleared the greater portion of the catalogues at satisfactory prices. Saturday's ' Herald' says :-In the stock and share market transactions have been very much restricted by the unusual scarcity of saleable stocks. There are plenty of enquiries "foriiank shares, and buyers who are willing to pay fnll prices if sellers could be found. So bare a market as exists at present has not been known for years. City Bank sold at 11J cum div., 10$ ex div., and new {L310s. paid up) at ti3 16s. Cd : New South Wales were in great request, and, to effect a purchase, 10s. advance was paid yesterday. Govern ment securities are firm, with sales of N.S.W. termi nables, Queensland 6 per cents., due 1S91, and N.Z. Treasury Bills, at quotations. Saturday's '-Herald' says:-There has been a steady trade demand for bakers, lots of flour, and the rates ruling last week have been well sustained The light gAtock of Adelaide wheat remaining in first hands ren ?lers holders very, firm, especially as telegrams xe-_ teivedper overland&nail; confirm the previously, re ceived reports of a ghost crop in California. Sales were made in Adelaide yesterday at 5s. 6d Victorian, Tasmanian, and country wheat remains unaltered. Saturday's ' Maitland Mercury' says:-A fair amount of business has been done in breadstuffs, and the market is firm at quotations. Wheat has averaged from 3s. 9d. to 4s. per bushel; only a moderate quan tiy has arrived this week. Flour is quoted at the mills at 14s. per 100 lbs. for fine, and 13s. for seconds. - The stores will not quit best brands of Adelaide super fine under L14 10s. per ton; second brands rule at .' from L13 to L14. Some Tasmanian flour has been offered at L1310s. 