Letter -to the Editor, ] THE tyALLSEND RACES AND HANDI v' ',..?- , VCAPS. ? ? To tfa Editor of the Newcastle Chronicle. Sir,— Permit me, through the medium of your widely circulated paper, to congratulate our Wallsend neighbours upon the unusual number of entrances for their meeting on the 26th and 27th instant, and trust their efforts to provide amusement for the sporting public- will meet with the encouragement it merits. Special traina will be laid on for tho accommodation of visitors from Maitland and elsewhere, and a grandstand has been erected on tha ground, commanding, an uninterrupted view of the various contests, and which, no doubt, will be largely patronised. The programme haa been arranged with much care, and ii a credit to Wallsend. It embraces four races on each day, the prizes ranging from £10 to £40. The Maiden Plate, H milea, have seven horses' in' it.' all of which are unknown to fame. I like Violet, S'elira, and No Doception the beat, and think the winner will be found among them, but, n'l know more about Violet than any of the others, I will give my vote for him to land the dollars. Arkins has a filly (Unknown) from Maitland, and as he invariably gets his ' nags' very fit, it would be well for my sporting readers to pause before backing anything to a large extent, for, believe me, Arkins is a perfect master of his art, and if this nag has anything to work upon, Johnny will be dangerous. The Cure and Ruhanna I cannot have at any price. The Fly* ing Handicap, 1 mile and a distance, looks, on paper, a ' moral' for that slashing son of New Warrior and Ida (The Spy), who has been treat ed very loniontly by tho handicappers, consider ing his previous performances. Let it be dis tinctly understood that, in speaking as I am about to do, it is not for tho purpose of con demning, for I verily believe the steward* have been actuated by honest; motives, and have done their duty to the best of thoir ability, but 1 must say they have not produced, in my humble opinion, a good handicap for this race. I sin cerely hope that 1 may be deceived, and that a good contest will be the result of their labours. The principal objections to this handicap is that Potentate is brought too near The Spy, whilst Corebia and Dora might have had a lighter im post — the former by 71b. , the latter 91b. The Spy ia let in with 51b. over weight for age, the same handicap he had at Newcastle where he won his race— Potentate being second with 0 st. 10 lbs. The Spy's weight for ago has increased 5 lbs. since he defeated Potentate, so, at the weight now given (8 st. and 7 at.) I cannot, for the life of me, see the 'ghost of a chance' for Poten tate unless he ha3 improved very much, which, by the way, f am told he haa. Soldier Boy and Kiug Tom cannot complain, and if the former is the horse his owner believes him to be with Ramsay up should run first or second. The Inn keepers Purse (two miles) has a lot of indiffer ent animals in it, and I am at a loss to spot the wiuuer. I should plump for Barwon but I learn he is not fit and is going very unkindly. Coun tess is my weakness, and, 1 think, ia worth in vesting a fiver upon as I believe she will be found at the right place iu the end. The Hack Race with four entrances terminates the first days' Bport. On the second day the ball opens with tho Prince of Walea' Stakes with tha large field of ten, entered at selling prices from £10 to £20, and the distance one and a half miles. King Tom should furnish the winner unless the Maitland horse, Er.si^n (brother to Mr. Winch's Karuola) has quality enough. I however, know nothing about him and tip the first named should he be intended. I now come to tho big race of the meeting, the Jockey Club Handicap (two miles) of 40 suv3, with a sweep of 5 8ovs. each and before discussing the probable result of this nvju I should like to impose ou the stewards tho4ie;:e33ity of reducing, for the future : their entrance fees, it appears a great 'hardship that the owner of a hone should be compelled to contribute so much towards the funds of a, meeting, as iu the case of the Wallsend and ' Newcastle, ten .per cent. qualiGcation, and sweep £10 to bo allowed to run for £40 is very ex cessive. I am aware if the difficulties encountered by our Wallsend friends in the establishing of their races, but I am pleased to boo that most of thuse. obstructions have been cleared away, and that' they will haVe n_ large surplus remaining ..after this meeting, when 1 am sure they will Bee tho advisability of reducing their entrance fee by five per cont. I am certain they will bo amply repaid by a pursuance of this course as owners from Sydney and elsewhere, will be nduced to send thuir horses, so that they will arger fields, and better quality than they now havs to run;for their guineas. The Newcastle Jockey Club I am glad to see has issued their May Maiden Plate, at reduced rate of entrance. Now for . the Jookoy, Club Handicap which ? introduces the Spy to our notice, with the top weight of 8 st. 7 lbs. The quo3tion arises can he win with this weight up 12 lbs. over weight for age. If Campbell's 'Tommy Dodd' is the tiger at this distance, as I Hear many knowing ones say he is, he should have no diffi culty in disposing of the Spy's pretensions, receiving from him 21 lbB. actual weight, while Selim 4 years, if ha ever intends to make a name for himsolf , aud add to the prestige of his already famous sire ; ' Now Wanier' has certainly- an opportunity now of represontinghiinself that may not occur aguin for some time. This handicap is. an infinitely better one than the Flying one the first- day, and appears to me to be a much more open race. No doubt tha ' Spy' will be first favourite, and J|tliink, should just win it, however I cannot overlook the claims of 'Tommy Dodd' and ' Selim,' both of whom munt b« looked upon as extremely dangerous. Weight will tell, and I have yet to see how the ?' Spy' can. negotiate two miles, especially over a course with so many sharp turns in it as Wallsend. The Miners' Selling Race I know nothing of. The Forced Handicap will conclude t'ie meet ing of 1870. I am sorry to think that, from present appearances, the Wallsend Races will liave tn be postponed, as the large fall of rain must have made the course in a very sloppy and unsafo state. Should the lain continue all night, such a course will be absolutely necessary. I hopo the stewards nil be enabled to carry out their meeting on tho advertised days, for nothing injurts tha success of a contemplated gathering so much as a postponement. Before closing these remarks I bog to inform sporting gentle men that Calcutta Sweepa are held nightly at the Ship Inn, at 3 p.m. Id a sweep last night, amounting to £4 4s., on the Flying Handicap, The Spy brought £1 Ga. ; Kiug Tom, 10.'. ; Poteutate, 15s. Violet was backed at 2J to 1 to win the Maiden Plate ; 5 to 1 waa laid on The Cure for the same race. — 1 fear 1 have trespassed too long, aud I beg to subscribe myself, THE SPY. Newcastle, 23rd Dec., 1870. Ministerial Elections. — Writs were, on Tuesday, issued for the re-election of the new Ministry. The following are the particulars of them :— East Sydney : PWce of 'nomination, Hyde Park ; date of writ, 20th December, 1870 ; date of nomination, 27th December, 1870; poll ing day, 29th December, 1870 ; return of writ, 24th January, 1871. The Bogan : Place of nomination, Dubbo ; date of writ, 20th Decem. ber, 1870 j date of nomination, 4th January, 1871 ; polling day, 16th January, 1871 ; return of writ, 31st January, 1871. Parramatt* : Pla^e of nomination, farfamatta ; date of writ, 20th December, 1870 ; date of nomination, Monday; 2nd January, 1871; polling day, Wednesday, 4th January, 1871 ; rettirn of writ, 24th Janu ary, 1871 . Weit Sydney : Place of nomination, Wynyard-aquare ; date of writ, 20th Deoember, 1870; date of nomination, 28th Deoember, 1870; polling day, 30th Deoember, 1870 ; r* turn of writ, 24tb January, 1871, 