olon0101ni1 Oxtragtts A RIUNAWAY HousE.- SERIOUSACCtDENT. \--We are sorry to have to report a very scriouseaccidelit which. happened yesterday: to Mrs A; Reid (of Yass) and one of her; sons. It appears that she.drove out yester day to the races at VWaroo, with two of her sons, in an old-fashioned gig. Just before their arrival at.the racecourse, and while the entrances were being taken for the first event, the winkers fell off, and the horse bolted. The near wheel catching against a stump, the three occupants of the gig were thrown out against a slanting tree with great violence.- Luckly, one of. the boys escaped rwithiahcterrible shaking, but Mrs. Reid and lier other son were not so fortunate. The latter was taken up for dead, and is now in a very precarious cdndition, one side be-' ing:completely paralysed. Dr.- Campbell, who was instantly sent for after the accident occurred, has, we believe, pronounced that tnere is but a slight chance of his recovery. Mrs Reid received the most frightful injuries to her.right leg; the whole of the flesh for several inches' both above arid below the knee has been as it wcre forcibly lifted out of its place, exposing the bone, which is broken a . little below thethigh.e It was found:impossible, to remove the sufferers fronm Waroo yesterday, :ut at Mr Brassil's they are receiving :every ;attention. The force Wiith` which they were thrown out must have been very great, as the gig Was lite rally smashed to pieces." We believe that, it is not many days since Mrs Reid was warned of the danger of .driving without lhaving the usual strap on the winkers to keep therm in position--Yasss Courier. The boy died on Saturday morning. - FLOGGING AT PARIRAIMATTA.-On Friday last one of the convicts in Parraaiatta jail received twenty-five lashes, which he had been sentence& to by the visitiing magistrates for insubordination. It is said that the: flagellation was soundly . administered. Empire. Conibo, -.one of the Dungog tribe of. aboriginals, .was drowned on Wednesday last in attempting to swim the Williams River. ;IHe had undertaken to hand a letter to parties in the vicinity of Mr Tunks's farm, who were in charge of a mob of New England cattle, destined for Maitland. Combo, with His shirt-,enclosing the letter fastened upon his head, made his start from a point near Mr Walker's slaughter-house. He had successfullycrosscd the main current, when the shirt fell into the water.' He in stantly recovered it, but afterwards seemed by his actions, to have no nmastery over him self ; and, after being borne along till he was between the mill and the opposite bank, he shouted out something that could not be heard, and finally sank.---Maitland Mercury. NARRow ErcAPE.--As: the 8 o'clock 1dowwtiain from Parramatta on Monday was prtocee&ding; at its usual speed, when between Haslern Creek and IHomebush, it ran over a flock of sheep that had strayed upon the line. ; Upwards of sixty head of these ani mals were killed, and the passenger? des cribe the motion -of the railway carriages to bte like what they would sustain were they running over heavy boulders... It is a remarkable thing that the-trains were not thrown: off the. line. If that had taken place great destruction of life must have en sured..-Empire. -Tnr CoirN CRor.--The corn crop in the Yass district this year is exceedingly good.' The average : yield will be from 50 to 80 buishels.- Amongst the variious crops there are acies that it ir, said 'will yield ovei 100 bushels to the acre. --Southern Argus.: MIottE FLoons.- ThlEl Ipirre of :.Eriday last says :-We regret to liave -to announce that the floods in the Hunter. district, have' again' assumed a very threp?tening :aspect. The prospects of a,cessation of rain, though •promising: d few days :since, have not been. rcalised; for it w ill be seen, oni reference to. o'.r telegraphic .despatehti ? that it rained incessantly. at Maitland' for thie forty eight hours' previousato 01, o'clock on ThIursday? night, and was still continuing, with every prospect of disastrous' conisequences. : At West Maitland prospects Iwere so serious, that the.Mayor of that boiough telegraphed to Ithe Colonial Seciretary, ireguesting Mr Cowper to" empower~ him .to supply the immediate wants of the floodedout residents. It need scarcely be mentioned that the re quest wss favourably responded to: 1and it is to be hoped thdat the- arriangemnts anutho rised wiilh prove adequa'te tou\the wants and rcquircments of tlhe residents. The rivci had risen at that tim;e trwiityifive feet" nilie inches high,: and wias rising .at the rate of. two inches an hour.? At Moi'pcthalso tle. river was eighlt feet 'iiove ? high.tide levei, anud it was raininig iigitorie'its. iThe Pathi' son had broken Iveixits bajks., The HlIuntcr had risen fourteen feet ath Singleton, anl about trwelve feet at Musclebrook.: .At WVollbmbi-the b?r'eek had risen aboubit t?cent3 feet, and a :highrl wa:fiod: as eiicted:. :At Windsor the HaivkcesburyRiver' was ten fet above its usual level, aand was risinig last night at the rhate of four inches per hour. The- following are the.telegrams refcred to:, '-West Maitland Thursday,' 4;30 p.m. Heavy rains have fallen ait Maitlanid all day, and ithie :river is now: teivfityfouii feet six inches above its ordinary lvel: TIre .back water is rising 'fast, and:Scobie's 'tuniel, Oakhamptbnj, halis giyed wayi: ut the High street embankmenrit'is perfeei . The irver is still rising at the 'ate of six inches per hour.' -Eaist Malitland. :Thursdra'y, 9 p.m. It has been raining incessantly for the last forty-eight hours,and there is every prospect of.a continuance. .i The riveresind creeks are all rising fast, and a very, heavy floodlis anticipated. Numbers of people are flooded out, and :greaht l distress prevails.-l atest telegrasmr'fromn Maitland: Thursday,: 10' p.ni. The iriver is niw trenty-five feet twvo inches high, and rising two.inches per hour. -Newcastle. Thursday 5 p.m.i About fifty feet of the Christ Church Burial grounid W\all fell in last night. : This iall. had just been erected at .the cost of ~1500- -The irh0ole of the w~all is'very much damaged. One of Dalton's large lighters, with seventy coal waggons, broke adrift, and went out side ;Nobby's, last night. The plant on; board is-eon idered to be worth £1500. -It is- repoirled: that: the lighter is a wreck on the North Shor:e bach.-iMorpeth'. Thurs. day, 10 i.m. , -The river is now eight feet above liigli whter mark and rising fast.` It is raining in torrents. Narrowgutis-almost covered. The Paterson has broken over-its banks this afternoon, and has risen about six feet :up to this period.- Wollombi. Thursday. The creek has risen about twenty feet.-. A high flood is expected.- Singleton. Thursday Evening. The river has risen fourteecn feet, and is still' rising. Raining heavily.--Mluswcllbrook. ' Thiirs day£ 9 p.m. Tle. river .has risen ;about twelve feet above its usual level.--Antieipa ted floods. in the Hawkesbury.` Windsor. Thursday, 2.0 p.m - The river has risen ten feet above the usual level, 'nd is rising at the rate of four inches an hour. - The snme paper of Saturday adds.:-- Telegramsin..u form us that the Hunter ]liver is still rising; that railway tiaffic is suspendled at Maitlaind, and that the Albert Hall, the-School of'Arts, Dickson's old stores, and the old Bank 'of Australasia are crowded with flooded out people. The country for miles around is inundated. The river has risen 26 feet at' Singleton. There is every prospect of a general inundation at Windsor, the IIawkes. bury having risen 20 feet, and' continuing to . rise rapidly.. All the low lands arei flooded, and the water is backing up South Creek. IIeavy rain has fallen at Penrith, and the river was 15 feet above its ordinary level.--Last night's advices inform us that several hundred families are flooded out at Maitland. The river was still rising at the rate of about a foot an hour. -It had -at.; taiued a flood of 29 feet six inches. Our telegraphic correspondence at Morpeth re ports that Nairowgut and Phoenix Park are submerged, and the Paterson and Williams are overflowing their banks to such an ex. tent that the floodi of 1867 is likely to be exceeded. 'The wmater was nearly 5 feet deep in the HI-untcr'Rivei Steam Navigation Company's store, at Morpeth. At Single ton, the river was 34 feet 9 inches above the ordinary level, and nearly two feet higher than the previous rise. The Hawkesbury appears to be stationary, at Windsor, about 20 feet above tie level, and no danger is anticipated. The following telegrams are from the same source :-West Maitland Friday, noon. The river is within eighteen inches of the former flood, and is still ris ing. The back water has risen very high. The Flgin-street station is surrounded by water, railway traffic is interrupted, and all the low parts of the town are flooded. Devonshire, Albert; and Victoria streets are inundated., Tie Albert Hall, the School of Arts, Dickson's old stores, and the old bank of Astralasia are croided with flooded out people. The river continues torise rapidly.' It is raining steadily, andt the . couutry for miles around is a perfect sea. " This: morn ing the. river had risen twenty-seven feet nine inches above the ordinary level. Very bad news has been received froin Singleton. Friday, 12. 30 p.m. The river is twenty eight feet six inches above low level; rising slowly. ' Embankment standing well. No sign of a move in a single stone. Mitchell's lucerne paddock wholly covered, the streets therefrom full of water. - Ip m. Water now 18 in. over railway line-in Elgin-street ; .is ing. Friday, 8 p.m. The river and '>ack water are still rising. The foimer is now about as high as the form?~, flood. Several hundred familics are floorlcd but; and muchl distress prevails. The :last'reports from Singleton are very ominous. The boats have done good service. Jnmbaikinents are holding 'good. Several .narrowyescapes, but ao lives lost. Friday,.9 p.u?m . The river is twenty nine feet six inches abobvc the level, iand is :rising at about the rate of a foot per?hour. The wateri is up Devonshire-street to ;IHigh-: street. Wind S.E. ;-light showers.-Friday, ridnight The river-has now risen thirty. feet six inches, aind it still rising. The rrain still keeps off, and the weather shows som'e signs of breaking up;- wind, E.N.E ' The riverl is, aboutt one foot higher, than last week. Back water rising fast.-IMorpeth. Friday, 9,32 p.m. Narrowgut and Phoenix :Park arec stubecrged. The wetther is lshowery.: The river and' backwater, are still rising rapidly, 'and fears of a :great flood are gene rally entertaitied. The Paterson and Wil- liams Rives are over- flowing, and the waters are 'still rising. The inundation is expected to excced the flood of 1867--Friday, 9-p ni. The w~aiter is ,cnearly five feet deep in thde HIunter: River: Conmpany's store; The river is still rising, and it is raiininmg.-T ollombi. •Friday, 8 p.m. Thi'e crcl is v?itry high nearly over both lines --andi still riing--. Singleton. F hidehy monBing; ;Therivci is: rising fast and is now twcnty -six fect above its ordifiary level.-Friday, nioono. Tlihe river; is now twesnty-nin fdeet over the usual level, and rising.: iMuswellbrook.rive'r is: bank high, anid rising. -Denman-arid Scone river rising- Friday, 1;30 p.m. Thei river at Singleton is thirty one feetabove the level;, and is still rising; People are prpipii;ing to shift to places of safety. Wind, S E.; raini ing.-PFriday, 8 p'.m.i The rivier is now thirty-four fdet one inch abve the usuail level \---Friday, 930 p.ni.--The water niust rise fifteen feet to touch the floor of tlhe Singleton - Bridge. It: is 'unow' thiity-four feet :nine inches above the' usual level. - The river is now thirty-four feet nine inches above the usual level. The river isrising slowly; wind -light -and, raining. . Windsor. Eriday morning: - The river has risen - twenty feet, -and continies to riseirapidly, backing up South Creek.' IThe lowlands are all flooded. There: is every: prospect of a general inunda-, ,tion. Friday 9 pi:n::: The river it; station ary at twenity feet above the ordinary level. No vericy serious damningels: anticipated. Penrith,-Friday., morainng. The river is up fifteen feet above its ordinary e levh; and s risring fast. H-einvy rain is falling.-[La test :iritelligence reports the floods subsid-. ing after doing great damage :,to property with loss:oflifce. HORSE LEAPING.-On Wednesday eve- ing a horse performed a rather extraordinary feat of clearing eight paled-in fences, which were within forty yards of each other. The horse has the repute of being one of those noted bush animals that was impossible for any horseman to mount. With this charac- ter he was bought by Mr Reardon at a sale for £3. Reardon drove him into a yard in Meehan- street, Yass, and it was there he commenced his game of "fly the garter." He cleared four fences which measured over 4 feet 8inches, and then, as if to let the lookers-on see that fence-clearing was only a gift to him, he turned around and clear the same four fences, pulling himself up in the paddock he started from. He was then after a little difficulty caught and saddled, and when it was known that it was to be ridden, it was expected that a little "fun" would be witnessed. He was however mounted by a half-cast named Ned Carroll, and strange to say, this noted buckjumper went off with his rider as quiet as any every-day-ridden hack.-Southern Argus. The following particulars of ghost seeing, or opitical delusion, were related to the Northen Argus one day last week, by one 'of the chief actors in the scene, and the narrator appears to perfectly satisfied of the actural occurrence. It appears that the' watchman, who takes under his especial Sipervision the William-street blocks, Rock. hampton, had his attention arrested abdut 12 o'ctoek at night, :while on his beat, by the sight of a man dressed in black, carryipg a child's coffin on his shoulders, with which he entered thei cottage of a man whose child was lying dangcrously ill. The watchman. surprised, that a burial was contemplated at that unusnal'houi, followed the coffin-bearer. into the house, and seeing no other ocunp:. ants, save the man and: his sick child, asked' him why he'chose that hour for the inter-, meat, to which ie evade the reply of'" Why. my child "is not dead;'thank 'God !" But, said the watchman, "Didin't :I see you bring in a coffin a few minutes ago ??'. "No, certainly not," was the reply.i "Well then; :I certainly followed you into the house with one, I can swear." However, the man per-r sisted in his denial-" that he had not been out ot the, house at' all, and had been watching his child the whole evening, and never left it for a moment-". Upon which the watchman left, perfectly satisfied he had seen a ghost, and believes so still. One strange feature in the matter is that the child died ;the folling night.. Our :contemporary 'I says this bangs -the atoi y;:of Fisher's Ghost. SUDDEN D1)ETIr.-I- Last evening, about 8 o'clock,. a:man Inamed Lumsdaine met a friend on Brickfiield.hill'who asked him to come and have a drink ':;They went up to' the Emili.n;,at the ciorner of Bathurst and George "sti-bets ." While there Lumsdaine put his arm'on the parlour table and com plained of being uinwell, and then fell back into the arms of. -his. friend. . Sergeant Goldriek, who ivas passing at the time, was cahlled:in,'and the man was found to be dead He ?as soon after removed by the sergeant to the dead .house at the Benevolent Asylum. Lumsdaine was 'a' shoemaker, residing in Cleveland-street; Chippenidale, and has been, workinig :foil Mr Palner,.of the markets,: and up till.lately for Mr Taylor, of Market street.-zEmpir;e... _ TiIU CASTLEnEAOH MTIRDEnL.-At Deni son Town Police Court, on Friday, March' 11th, Before F.:W:' Edwards, Esq., P.M., and J. Fr Plunkett':and' D: Watt, Esqs., J:iP.s., James Wakefield, charged with hav ing wilfully murdered' one Harry (surname unknowiri); at Caigan, at Caigan, on the 3rd instant, was brought up. Mr Sub- inspec tor -?Medley .conducted the prosecution. Pi.soner' was undefended. Miles Burns, senior-coistahlc, said a From information' received on the 3rd March' I went: to Caigan, in company.with Mr, Plunkett. I' arrived, there at 6 o'clock p.m.; and' went' to hut at Caigan.' : there saw a-maninly. ing dead6 on ,a stretcheb.i::' I took his 'hirt . off,' and examined -the body. 'I saw two, large waionds on' the belly, near the pit of' the stomich. I saw a largewound on the left breast, and: a small.wound on the right side A greht quantity'of blood was on the .:mattress on which-the body was lying. Both waounds andblood appeared fresh, I recog nised the body as that of a man I had seen aliveh. Froni further information, I went to another hut:i Firom the hut a voice came, a:id said, ;.; Is that you Burns ? Is not this an awfuil: affaii· ?'" I at once recognised the voice as that of the prisoner. I said " Yes, I"tlidhoghtlyoui would have been the last man ini the -?wvold to commit a niurder." He said " Imust have been mad to have done it." .i .Lthen went into the hut. Prisonci was lying down, andappeared quite collec ted. ' I then told him I arrested him on the charge of having murdered a man, to which he made noreply. I then took him down to the hut in which the dead man was lying. I showed him the body and said, "That is the man you are charged with nmurdering." Prisoner said it served him right. He was told to do so. [Prisoner here remarked "I do not admit that, your worships."] I es corted prisoner (in company with Mr Plun kett) to Denison Town lock-up.--James Minnion, assistant stockman to Mr Brown of Caigan, saw prisoner with a pair of shears in his hand on the 3rd ultimo. He spoke to Harry, and asked him for the legs of his trousers. Harry said, "My good man, I know nothing about the legs of your trousers." Prisoner then put his left hand on the right shoulder of Harry, and had the shears in his right hand. Prisoner said, "Come on, I will make you find them." Harry said, "Sit down, my dear fellow, and I will tell you where the legs of your trousers are." 'Prisoner still holding Harry said, "Come on, I will make you find them." Harry again said, "Sit down, good man, I'm afraid to go rint the house with you. Priso ner said, "Come on, or I will put this into you. I'll make you find the legs of my trousers." Harry appeared greatly frigh tened, and tried to get anway from prisoner. Prisoner then, said " Come on," and stabbed him with the shears, Harry got away from prisoner, and ran in the direction of:. Mr Brown's house. Prisoner then. walked in side the hut, and stood for a few momenits. I went out and saw prisoner running aftei Harry in the direction of Mr Brown's house, with the shears in his hand. Prisoner was not drunk, but collected, and appeared in a great passion. About three or four, min. utes afterwards I saw the prisoner and Harry together again. Prisoner Iad Harry clasped by his right hand on his should:r, and the sheepshears in his left hand. le was then in front of No. 5. coming towards huts Nos. 2 and 3 dragging Harry with :him. I heard Harry say, " Oh, men, save me! don't let him hurt mc; I am dying; I am dying." I saw blood coming from Harry's breast. Prisoner continued to drag S!him until he came between the doors of huts Nos 2 and 3. Harry then fell. There were sonie men standing about. witnessing the whole affair. Prisoner said, " Go in, men, and get the legs of my trousers. I Itwill hold the.----'s head up while you go and do that." Noneof the men went. Pri soner then letharry's head fall to the ground and went into hut No. 2- I then ran away to Mr Brown's house. I came back in a few minutes, and saw prisoner coming out of 'the hut Again he had the sheepshears in his hands, and what appeared to me to be a coat. Harry was still lying on the grouid. ' Prisoner went to Harry, and put the shears in.his mouth and wriggled them about. He then took them out, and thrust the shears int0 deceased's body. Prisoner then came up to Mr Brown and said, " I will not hurt you." I was then sent away to give information to the police. I have not seen Harry since. I believe him to be dead.. 'risouer was fully committed to take his trial at the next circuit court to be holden at ..Bathurst.-Abridged from the Western Post. 