DR. NEWMAN ON THE ARTICLE 8 AND HOMILIES OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. ( Selected by John Search. I1 or tho information of some ot the readers of the Standard we may say, thnt. Dr. Newman was a minister of 'the Church of England, and that he entered upon the duties of his office as an Evangelical, a student and an admirer of the Rev! Thomas Scott, Daniel Wilson, &c.; lie imbibed the doctrine of Baptismal Regen eration from " Apostolic Preaching " by Bishop, afterwards Archbishop Sumner, a man generally held in high repute, because of. his Evangelical sentiments. From Baptismal Regeneration, Dr. Newman : went on to Apostolic Succession; originated and became the leading writer of tlie far famed- — " Tracts for the Times." Finding nothing but unrest in the Anglican Church, he finally went and took shelter beneath the infallibility of Rome. The passages wo give below are from " History of the Religious Opinions," by. John Henry Newman, D.D., &c.;, 1865, l-'age S i, Si. The passages were written wliijc the author was, as he himself tells us, a zealous and devoted member of the Church of England. We give them as a supplement to our papers on " Romanism in tlie Church of England.1' , Wo are not disposed to attach much importance to the fact that these para graphs ,were written, by Dr. Newman,- but ,to the fact, that so large apprtion of them -'arc found in the , Homilies themselves. This ;is the great point, as it is this alone which ; invests them with real significance. : We have compared the paragraphs No. 1-2; &c.;„ with 'the Oxford Edition of the Homilies of 1SIG, audi the figurcs; which follow indicate the.,. various. pages, where those, nr.similar words may be found ; but wo will allow tho Author to speak for himself: — . » : But again. I said this lot " Popery " moan .what it would in (ho mouths of tho compilers of tho Articles, let it even, for argument's sake, include tho doctrines of that Tridentinc Council, which was not yet over when tho Articles were drawn up, and against which they could not bo simply directed, yet, consider, what was tho object of the Government in tlioir imposition ? merely to get rid of " Popery ? " No ; it had tho further object of gaining the "Papists." What then was tho best way to induce reluc tant or wavering minds, and theso, I supposed, were the' majority, to give in their adhesion to tho now symbol ? how had the Avians drawn up their Creeds? was it not on the principle of using vague ambiguous language, which to the subscribers would seem to bear a Catholic sense, bub which, ivhcn worked out on the long run, would prove to bo heterodox? A.ceordinglv, there was great antoccdcnb probability, that, fiorec as the Articles might look at first sight, ; their bark would prove worst) -than their bite. I say antecedent probability, for ; to what extant that surmiso might bo true, could only be ascer tained. by investigation. But a consideration came up at onqo, which throw lighten this surmise : - what if it should turn out that the very men who drew up the Articles, in the vory act of doing so, had avowed, or rather In ono ot ;those vory 1 Articles them selves had imposed on subscribers, anumbor of those very ' Papistical " doctrines, which, tlioy were now, thought to" deny, as' part .irkl parcel of that very Protestantism,1 which "tliby wero' liow thought to consider divine ? arid tiiis was tiio:fact, aud i showed it iii liiy Essay.. - , Lot the reader observe tho: 35th Article says : " The second Book of, .Homilies'doth con tain a -'godly arid wholesome ' doctrine', anil necessary for theso times, as doth the former Book of Hoihilics." Hero ..the doctrine , of tho Homilies is recognized as godly and wholesome, and concurrence. in that recognition is imposed on till subscribers of tlio Articles.' Lot us then ' turn to tho Homilies, and see what this godly doctrine' is : I quoted from tliom.to tho follow ing- effect:;,/ . , ! i . -j ,' .-.l . ; .-. 1\. They dcclard , that the sorcalledt'.'.apoery-- pltnl '' book of, Tobib jfce., ;is "the teaching of, the Holy Ghost, . and is Scripture. , -Page 60, 82, 152, 109, 201, '/J ' . 2. .That tlie so-called ".apoervphal"/ bopk of : . Wisdom is Scripture, aiid tlie infidlible arid uri - dcceiv'able word-of Gorl. ' 89. !i v ! 3\. That the -Primitive Church; next to' tho Apostles', time, and, as they amply; for almost 700. years, is-no doubt most pare, 4\. That- the Primitive Church is specially to bo foUowed, 177. ' f V''.".'. ' 5'. That the Pour1 first GenCr'aT Councils be oagto tho Primitive Ohurcli." >' A) : f'i allowed and roceived by all men; : 'T 7\. Again, they speak of a certain truth which they are enforcing, as declared by God's wortf, the sentences of the ancient doctors, and judg ment of the Primitive Church. 177, 1787 f?, 304, 8\. Of the learned and lioly Bishops and doc tors of the Church of the first eight centuries, being of great authority and credit with tlie people. 177, 179. 9\. Of the declaration of Christ mid Ilia- Apostles and all the rest of the Holy Fathers- 319. 10\. Of the authority both of Scripture and also of Augustine. 183. 11\. Of Augustine, Chrysosfom, Ambrose, Jerome, and about thirty other Fathers, to some of whom they gavo the title of "Saint," to others of " ancient Catholic Fat hers and doe- tors, &c.;" 6, A'c. , 12\. They dcclavo that, not only tlie holy Apos tles and disciples of Christ, bub tlie godly Fathers also, beforo and since Christ, were cndfled without doubt, with the Holy Ghost. 13\. That the ancient Catholic Fathers say that tho "Lord's Supper"- is the salvo of im mortality, tho "sovereign preservative against death, the1 food of immortality, the healthful grneo. 378. 14.-. That. tlio Lord's Blessed Body and Blood are received under tlio form of bread and wine. 123\. " ' 15\. That the meat in tho Sacrament is an in- \- visible meat and a ghostly substance. 379. 10\. That tlio holy Body aind Blood of thy God ought to bo touched with the mind. 17\. That Ordination is. a Sacrament. 299. 18\. Thut Matrimony is a Sucrauient. 299. 19\. That thorc nro other Sacraments,, besides "Baptism and tho Lord's_Suppciy' .though not " such as" tliey. 299. 1 . . . 20\. 'That tho souls of tho Saints are roigning- in joy and- in heaven with God. : - 21\. That alms-deeds purge the soul from tlie infection and filthy spots of sin, and are a pre cious medicine, on inestimable jowcl. 328. 22\. 'That mercifulness wipes out arid washes 'away sins, as siilves and remedies to heal sores and grievous diseases. 328. 23\. That tho duty iof fasting is a truth more ., manifest than it should need to-be proved. 24\. That lasting, used with prayer, is of great efficacy and weighcth much with God ; so the Angel Raphael tohl Tobias. 245, 2S9. . 25\. That the puissant; and mighty Emperor Thoodosius was, in tho Primitive Church which, was most holy and godly, excommunicated by St. Ambrose. 26\. That Constantino, Bishop of Borne, did condemn Philippious, then Emperor, not with out causo indeed, but; very justly. . t Putting altogether aside tlie question how far these separata theses camo under the matter to- which subscription was to be made, it Was quite ' plain, that in thc: minds of the men who -wrote the Homilies, and who thus incorporated tnciri into the Anglican system of doctrine, there was no such nice discrimination between the . Catholic and the Protestant faith, no such elotir .recognition of formal Protestant principles and ' tenets, no snob aecurnto definition of " Roman doctrine," as is received at tho present day : — hence groat probability accrued to my present! men!-, that tho Articles were tolerant, nob only of what I called "Catholic teaching," but of much that was " Roman." For tlio sake: of those who have not an opportunity of reading tho Homilies for. themselves, wc give the following charac teristic passages. Speaking of Henry VIII., tho writer of the Homily on "Good works "says: — Honour he to God, who did put light in tho . heart of his faithful and true- minister of N most gracious 'memory, King Henry V4 II., and gave iiim the knowledge of his word, ana an oarnost affection to seek" his glory, antl to put away all such superstitious and Pharisaical sects, by Antichrist invented, and set -up again the truo word of God, and glory of his most1 blessed name, as ho gave the like spirit unto the noble and famous princes, Jehosapnat, Josias, and Ezcehias. Pago 47. In the Ilomily on Obedience '.' the writer says: — Theso examples being so manifest and evi- d.nt, it is an intolerable ignorance, madness, ; and wickedness, for subjects to make .tiny, -murmuring, rebellion, resistance, o» with standing, commotion, or insurrection against their most dear and most dread sovereign - Lord and King (James II. for instance),- or--; dained' and. appointed of God's goodness for their commodity, peace -and quietness, &c.; . Page 93. In the Ho.vjily against "Wilful rebel- V lion " we arc told :-— - ; That God thereby doth show (in .the case . of Absalom) thai ho alloweth neither ' tho dig- nit.y of any.pcrspiv nor the multitude of .any - peoplo, nor the weight of any cause,- las suffi- cicntfor1 the which the " subjects : may 'move1 ' :rebollion- against , their princes. . 'Turn. over..,, and read the histories of allnations, look over .. the chronicles, of our own eouritry;'1 call to." mind so many rebellions of old times, aiid - -some yet fresh in .memory, ye shall , not - find- . . that God ever prospered any rebellion .against their natural and lawful prince hnt; contrari wise,' that, the rebels 'were overthrown antl ,t- ;slain, and such as were taken prisoribrs'tlread- ; fully executed. Pago 495. See atso -Haltanis ; Constitutional History of Eyglarnd. \ V obj l . , 435, &c.; \- . .j ( U.j, - -I ... /f t In tlie above, tlie history . is about; a» , good of" the the ; theology;; It "will wo think be seen, that Englishmen have nob- , much reason to- thank ' the! - Homilies foil their1 liberty; - If the teaching of the Honiilies is true, it will follow, that Wil- iliam III. -and the- heroes' of the Revolu- n ition, were all wicked 'rebels ! and that » dargc portion of .the English Church itself, - became involved in tho sin of rebellion 1 5 