THE WAR. ARRIVAL of tiib a CALIFORNIAN MAIL, , WITH LATEST EUROPEAN NEWS, j f ATLANTIC CABLE. GLORIOUS VICTORY FOR THE PRUSSIANS; PRUSSIANS EVERYWHERE VICTORIOUS 11 1 DEFEAT OF THE FRENCH UNDER GENERAL MoMAHON. IMMENSE LOSS TO THE FRENCH ARMY. GREAT SLAUGHTER. RETREAT OF THE FRENCH. NEW MINISTRY FORMED. PARIS IN I SIEGE; .. r... V;; THE PRINCE IMPEHIAL AND THE 7ROWN JEWELS SENT FROM FRANCE TO ENGi LAND.- r Aitovs Office, Tuesday, 3 p.m. ' The R. M. S. 8. Wonga Wonga arrivod at. Sydney to-day, from Honolulu, at 130 p.m. LATEST SPECIAL TELEGRAM. Five days later than the latest news via Suez, nnnouucoB that the Times correspondent snys a great battle was fought on tho 6th August near Woerth. Tlio Prussian army commanded by tho Crown Prince, after capturing Thiervillo, compelled Marshal McMahon to fall back, and then captured oanrorucii, which piaco tne French tried to burn. Tho Prussians attacked the French troops, slaughtering 5000 of thorn, capturing 4000, and two " eagles." The Frouch retroatcd to Nancy. Napoleon's conduct hns been denounced in tho Corps Legislatif, and tho people liavo demanded a proper Gonornl. The Empress Regeut issued an address to the populace, but failed to quiet them. Great riots havo taken plaeo in Paris tho troops were ordered to disperse tho mob, but were unablo to do so. The Ministry have resigned, and a now mi nistry has been formed as follows; — General Palikas, Minister for War ; Dumoresquo, For eign Affairs;: Chcvernn, Interior; Admiral Gcnonilly, Marine ; Malle, Finance. The Paris correspondent of the Tall Mall Oazette says that tho Empress Regent is pro- pureu lur inyut uu uuy mumuiiu The Prince Imperial reached Loudon on tho 10th. London, 11th August. The Prussians havo entirely surrounded tho French position at (Metz, and aro likely to. capture the entire Frouch army. An enormous loss amongst the French officers hns been sustained. The latest newB by the Atlantic cnble from, Europe, states that the Prussians are every where victorious. Marshal McMahou has boen defeated with great loss. The French havo retroatcd from Metz. A new French Ministry has beon formed. Paris is iu a state of siege. The Prince Imperial and the Crown jewels have been sent to London. Anaus Office, midnight. GENERAL SUMMARY. 11th August. Consols, 91-. Hinpniinf. ft Tallow and hides steady. Enrl Russell made a long Bpcecli against France. The Government intend - to consider the entering of the French troops into Belgium a casus belli. The French Ministerial papers state that the Prince Imperial is still with the army. Napoleon declines to surrender the chief command, nnd declares that ho will return to Paris victorious or dead. ' General Duuiout takes charge of a division. An immense force is employed in fortifying Paris. ; r : The mob . attacked Ollivier's official resi dence, which lie had previously left. Another attempt was made to mob him in the Legisla tive Assembly. A forward movement of the right division of tlio Prussian army from Treves to Soar ; commenced ou the fifth and captured Sierco, and attacked Thionvillo in overwhelming numbers. After some resistance tho French threw away their arms and took to flight, at the same time tho army under the . Crown Prince moved iu tho direction of Blitche ; the advance guard of the French forceH making but a slight resistance. Noxt day there was' a general advance of the whole army. Upwards of 2000 prisoners have been for warded to Frankfort. A great battle was fought near Woerth, on tho 6th ; it commenced nt daylight and lasted till dark ; the Prussians were victorious, tho French army fell back in disorder. The official report of the Crown Prince is as follows : — " Victorious battle fought near Woerth on tho 6th ; McMahon totally beaten. Tho battle was fought by the larger portion of my command. We havo captured 4000 prisoners, 13 gunB, 2 standards, and 6 mitrail- leurs. McMahon was heavily reinforced during the night from the main army. The contest was very severe. Tho Frencli re treated, leaving tbo field to us. Our loss was very heavy ; all McMahon's staff killed or wounded ; one regiment lost 48 officers. Thb Prussian Genoral Kainos overtook tho retreating French near Speehen Hills, where thoy made a stand, but the position was car ried at the point of the bayonet.- Prince Louis pierced the French lineB be tween Metz and Nancy. Napoleon adinitB that his communication with M'Mahon is in terrupted. Napoleon is roported to be ill. Bismnrck and Moelko are at M&yence.; Strosburgh is threatened, and a largo French fleot iB preparing to bombard the Baltic towns, but ample arrangements aro made for their defence. Italy is unlikely to join Franco. Count Turo says, Bismarck first intended JIliMLtgAllg-Belgiuni. ' The Prussians claim to have eight hundred thousand troops in the field. The new French Ministry is not likely to stand. August Otb. A Paris telegram of the abovo date, says, tlio result of yesterday's fighting is generally attributed to tho Emporor's military incapa- city. ; : TliePrnssians advance was obstructed by villiagbs filled with wounded French soldiers. The French losses exceed all tho estimates; the Prussians took a multitude of prisoners. Edmund About is reported as a missiu? general. General Cliaugarnicr's interviow, with the Emperor was satisfactory. Ino workshops were closed generally yes terday. 1 The destination of tho Mediterranean fleet, now, at Brest, is unknown. In tho OorpB Legislatif a deputy demanded the deposition of the Emperor; he was called to orderby the Deputies, who then abandoned the hall and scattered outside. A wild crowd re fused to disperse; bodies of cavalry and Lancers were stationed in all the surrounding streets, and in tbo court yard of the Tuileries. The police repeatedly charged the mob, but the lattor returned after each charge. Bodies .of the National Guard threw down their arms to the populace ; other dotaclimcnts romained passive in their barracks. ' Paraguay D'Hilliers organized other troops, and the mob were charged every where. Inside the hall tho scene was ono of the most fearful bewilderment. " King William is at Kaiserlautern. Both armies .wore quiot yesterday. Tho French have concentrated around Motz. The Due D'Auuialo lias offered his sorvicea to the Emperor of the French. Tho French are rising en masse. PnriB, Aug. 10. A Dictatorship is anticipated with General Trocliir as supreme head. The Emperor lias been invited to return to return to Paris nnd wait tho reconstruction of the Government ; his refusal is considered as certain. Nearly all the theatres wore closed last night. Strnsburgh is garrisoned by 7000 troops, nnd surrounded by 60,000 Gcrmuns ; it must fall. Tho American Congress has allowed tho Australian mail service bill to lapse. The Senate has confirmed Froling Haysean's appointment as Minister to Loudon. . The American sympathy is strong on the side of Prussia. General Sheridan hns proceeded to tho bead-qunrtera of the German army. Tho Mail Steamer, bringing much lator nows via Suez, is duo at King George's Sound to-morrow, Thursday ; and as tlio voyngo to Glonolg is gonoraily accomplished in Irom 90 to 96 hours, wo umy expect our Telegram by Sunday night or Monday morning noxt. — Ud. N.A.. J Tub PiiodigaI; Sou. — Tlio grounds upon which our contemporary makes tlio roturn of Mr. Caddon (tho discoverer of tho Coivarral nugget), tlio subject of publio congratulation, arc to say tho loast of them, unique in tho extreme. 'Tho notice which appears in yesterday's Bulletin says — " Wo are glnd to woicomo buck amongst, ub our old townsman, Mr. Caddeu, who IS ll|Utll »UUUI> W liJ r Itiu IUI II1IIU »»U IIIU WVITHItlll Holds. Wo hopo ho will fall in with his usual good luck, and unqurth a fow moro monster nuggets." Wo hate no objection to this expression of our contem porary's good wishes, which aro till very right and propor, and all that sort of tiling, but wo can't sco what tho public liavo to do with tho mattor, how tliev havo profited or aro likely to profit by it, or why tho fatted calf should bo killed on tlio prodigal's roturn. Is it because lie was a lucky digger, like hundreds of others ? or because ho cleared out with his spoil tho . moment ho got it, and spent, it cisowiioro, investing tlio greater portion of it in anothor colony. We con fess wo cunnot soo how the district has benefited by Mr. Cadden's good fortune, or whut wo aro to bo thankful for, Wo havo yet to learn that a single shil ling of his gnins hns beon invested in any undertak ing or entorpriso calculated in the sinullcst degree to benefit tlio place, or that- any of our institu tions, beyond a donation to tho hospitul, are indobtod to him ; not that wo blame him lor ; doing wnat . no uses wun nis own, or wouia iuiplv that he is not perfectly justified in spending his luonoy where he plcasoB, but wo question not only tho propriety but the judiciousnoss of tho press singling him out from his fellows, and expanding its encomiums with so little discrimination. The publio will lonrn to attaoh but small value to what seems to bo so oheap. The I'binck ov Walks.— When tlio Timet, noto riously the flunkoy of Royalty, takes to lecturing tlio heir ap; urent upon his follies, it is ovidont that thut young gentlomiui is going tlio paco pretty fust. The Mrs. Cuudlo, of Print ing-lioiiso Square, may spare her breath j ha lias already said, us plainly as actions can speak, to his unclo George tho Fourth, what, Hamlet said to his father's ghost, " Lend on, I'll follow theo." Tho English peoplo havo long siueo discounted him, and found hiui a bud bill — dishonoured at maturity. In fuet, Albert Edward is a very oommon place young man — common- placo in his habits, ideas, and indis cretions. Nations dou't forgive vulgar crimes in thoir rulors, who must sin right- royally or not at all, and aro always lenient to such splendid sinners a> Louis Le Grand and England's " Morrio Monarch." Tho correspondent of u Southern papor in comment ing upon tlio attitude of Franco and Prussia says— "Tho French seam to think that wo should un- hesitatingly bring tho wholo of our moral support to their side. Tlioy point to tho well-known Frenoh ton- doncios of tho lioir apparent, to his recont visit to tlio French ambassndor, as showing the tondsney of publio \- opinion in this country, but tho Frinoo of Wi los does not by any moans reflect t-lia thoughts and feelings of his follow-countrymon. Painful as it is to mention tho fact, thoro can bo no donying that bis unpopu larity is rapidly on tho incrcato, his lovo of pleasure and corresponding want of intorost in all social and other matters affecting the welfare of tho masses pro ducing its- natural results. At- tho oponing of tho Thames Embankment, honcoforward to bo known as tho Yictoria Embankment, scarcely a cheer greeted his appearanco ; on tho contrary an ominous silenco prevailed. Ho seomed to bo tnuoh impressed by tho aoolnoss of his reception, for ho uppourod to bo more thoughtful than his wont. It is to be hoped tho lesson will not bo lost upon him. From this it will bo scon thnt tho French ovor-cslimato tlio influonco of tlio Prince in this country. If tho sympatliios of England, do tend in any direction it is rathor in that of Prussia. But bo this as it may, tho crisis has proved inoBt dis astrous to tho intorosts of trade and commorco, its suddonuoss adding not a littlo to tho violonco of, tho Shook. Tlio rccont panics on the Stook Exohango, combined with that now prevailing, aro beginning to produce tho u9unl results, iu tlio sbupo of paralysod t rado and lengthening lists of commercial Jail urea. And ull btcttuso n couple of mon are mortally jealous of oaob other! Wo hang tho man who murders un- otbor; but whon a ruler gives tho aignal which onds in the destruction of thousands of human lives, ho is glorified as ono of tho greatost of human individuals! It is horrible. Nothing can bo more revolting than tbo cool businoss liko manner in which somo of tho Frenoh pupars systematically calculato tho probable 'loss of life on both sides, should war really break out. Tho ostimato is something like a quarlor of a million. Quarter of a million of human lives ! Surely such pooplo cannot have any hearts: If wur is not pro claimed, it will not bo from any fault of tho Frouoh Emperor. He is evidently anxious for tho fray. But how about the future ? There's tlio rub. Diminishod trado, closed workshops, and starving populations aro not likely to incrouso ids popularity, cilhor in Franco or England. Already tho quarrel has seriously ufiV'cted English manufacturing industry, and at a moment when tbo gloom which so long overclouded it was bogioning to disappear, Truly, it cunnot bo said of tlio Euipiro that it is peaoo ; it is ruthor alarm, uu- -££HnillL2i-lUldj»;iiW!rfi- Of war," Pahallel Oases.— Tho Courier, writing upon tho question of borrowing tnonov for tho purposo oi im proving tho roads, very justly remarks that tho sum of £50,000, proposed to bo borrowed by the Government, would bo but a tritlo in comparison with tho sum roquirod. Wo grant, also, that to porforra tho neces sary work out of tlio ordinary rovonuo would bo purely impossible, and that it would bo unjuBt to tux tho wholo colony foe improvements, which in many instancas would bo of mere locul benefit. But it occurs to us that it would bo oqually unjust to borrow money for making railways for tho purpose of advan- ing certain districts, and thut tho arguments now adduced by our contouiporary against centralizing roads expenditure, aro singularly opposed to thosa ho has formerly held and still holds, with regard to rail way outlay. Ho tells us thut tho colony should not bo iuvolvod still doopor in debt for constructing works which cannot possibly bo ro-produotivo or ovon solf- Bupporting, and yot bo advocates tbo oxtonsion of Southorn railways! Wo cannot soo — it a loan bo raisod for tlio purposo of increasing the facility of local communication — that it is noccssary injustioo should bo dono to tho wholo of tho colony. In such oaso ovory district ought to roccivo its fair proportion, to'bo spont in such a mannor as rcquiromontB pointed out ; if thoro wore no favoritism oxhibitod, there would bo no injuBtico, consequently no complaints uguinst llioso who havo tho distribution of thb publio monoy. The mom- bora representing tbo northorn districts of Now South Walos rocontly waited tpon tho Minister of Works at Svdnoy, and urged upon him the nocessity of getting something dono to improve tho prosont very dofootivo moans of road communication ; therefore wo may assume that territories removed so far irom tho sout of Govornment of Now South Walos havo beon noglocted in precisely tho sauio mannor as as liavo beon tho nortliorn districts in Quoonsland, nnd tlio results havo boon oxaqtly aliko. Tlio deputation urgod tbo desirability of improving tlio road botwoon St. ' Lawronco and Tonterfleld to counteract tho tondcncy, " manifesting itsolf amongst tlio settlors to avail thont- selvos of the Queensland Railwuy System, and that in conBoqueuco ol tlio ncgloct of tho Govornmont having dono nothing for thorn, many of tho sottlors wore desirous ol boing scparatod from tlio: colony, and of uniting thomsolvos with Queensland, and tho fooling was gaining considerable ground." Horo wo seo similar negloct producing similar results. Tlio pooplo of Nortliorn Quoonsland finding that tho southern rail ways wore tapping thoir traffic, prayed for roads and a moro gonorui expenditure of tlio rovonuo ; failing to obtain either the ono or tho othor, thoy aro now Booking Separation as the only romody. Tho inhabitants of Claronco, Richmond, and Now England, finding that that tlioy cannot obtain justice from Sydney, aro desirouB of a divorce, and of annoxing thomsclvos to Queensland. Hero wo havo a practical endorsement ot our memorial, and if tho desires of tho Now South Wales peoplo south of Brisbane, and of tho Queens land peoplo north of Dawes' Rango wore complied with, an end would at once bo put to tlio existing evils, which aro producing so tuuoh discontent and so much misohiof in both colonics.' It was ovidont from tho first that districts so far removed from tho soat of govornmont, without means of eusy and spoody com munication, oould not bo proporly govornod ; how thoy havo beon governed, tbo movements going on in Northern jQuoeriBland and in Northorn Now South Wales sufficiently exemplify. EnteAfuize. — Wo find that Mr. Loonidas Kolodas, the oivuor of a reef of considerable value in the neigh bourhood of Mount Wheeler, lias purchased tho plant and machine bolonging to tlio Cowarral Quartz Crush ing Company for tho sum of £450, and that ho intends to roiiiovo it almost immodiatolv and erect it on or near his claim. This is a spirited movo on tho part of Mr. Kolodas, and ono which — if it will not command — oso vos success. Wo hear that in tho shafts ho has sunk tho reef is of great thickness, so that a small por contnge of gold will amply, repay him for outlay of capital and labor. Tlio removal of tho U4UVIIIUU tv its tiruiiuuu otvw nui K'w u tw usiu mining interest in its neighbourhood, nnd it is antici pated that claims which liavo been lying idlo for some ciino, will bo again worked. Sheep. — Tho Melbouriio Economist has published tho following tublo furnished by the courtesy of tho Registrur- Gencral, shewing tlio number of sheep iu the Australian colonics: — Victoria, 1870, 9,923,663; New South Wulos, 1869, 15,080,C25 ; South Australia, 4,987.024; Queensland, 1869, 8,921,784; Tasmania, 1869, 1,569,809; Now Zealand, December, 1867, 8,418,569; total, 48,901,474, The eonomist is of opinion that tho rate of increase of sheep in tlio past, will not bo cqii'.ltcd in tlio future. During tho ten years' mania for sheep produoing all tho available country in New Zealand, Rivorina, and Quoonsland, was occupied aud overstocked. From various causas, such as tho dopreoiation in tho price of wool, and tho enormously largo supply of meat in comparison with tho demand, Ac., tho tondonoy has boon to roduoo tbo numbers of sbcep bred and depastured. But wo may safoly calculato that if tho domuud for preserved moats continues to inercaso at tho surau ratio us it has dono d ring tho last 12 months, a grout spur will bo ttivon to brooders, who will bo moderately cortiin of always boing abio lo. got rid of thoir surplus stock. Tho Economist points out that tho total iuoroaso of slicop in Victoria during tho lust 5 years was only ono and a half million, or about 3| por cant. In Victoria tno tiuinoers nave oeeu oureiy uiainiaineu, uuu u, in woll known that in Queensland thoy liavo declined, while it is very questionable wbethor they have in creased in Now South Wales. Gold in Califobnia.— It is asserted by tho Cali- forniau Press that tho annual exportation of gold from that stato has fallen from £6,400,000 to £4,600,000, and that diggors do not now enru moro — and in many iiirtdncos— not so much as thoso ongagod in othor laborious occupations. One feature is peculiar — the mines liavo gradually fallen into tho hands of capital ists, who omploy tho old liaiids at 16s. per diem. Volunteers.—' Tlio Government Gazette contains tho following additional regulations with rospoot to grants to Volunteers : — " In tho ovont of any inombcr of tho Volunteor Force applying undor tho regulations of tho 14th July, 1870, for ono or moro suburban allotments, tho area of which exceeds ten aoros, the boundaries of tho sumo may bo nmended, with tho concurrence of tho Secretary for Lands, so as to rodnce tbo area to tho maximum allowed to bo solooted, all expenses of survey boing borne by tho applicant ; but should tho excess not exceed two acres, tho applicant will bo required to purchase same at tho upsot price per acre for whioh the land was offered for salo, when a deed of grant of tho wholo area, as surveyed, will bo issued to him." Assault. — On Monday, Ah See. a Chinaman, was agnin brought before the Court, on romand, oharged with assaulting his countryman Ang Yee, with intent to do grievous bodily harm.- Tho apprehonding con- stablo, Scrgoant Harris, stated that no arrested tho prisoner at Bouldorcoinbo on Tuesday last ; he pro- ducod a knife whiuh ho had obtained from Ang Ycc. From tho ovidcuco given it appears thnt tlio com plainant and prisoner wore quurrollitig on tho ovoning of Sundny wook, and that tho forrnor picked up a sti"k and struck tho dat'or, who was then ongagod in cutting up somo meat ; immediately upon receiving tho blow Ah Seo used his knife, nnd woundod Aug Yoo between tho nook ami breast. Dr. Salmoud said ho hod examined tho complainant, nnd found that ho wob suffering from nn incised wound two nnd a half inches long, but tlio truo skiu ivus not nut through, and that — in a logal sonso — it was no wound at all. Tho Bench found tho prisoner " Guilty," and sontonoed him to pay tho sum oi £4 Is., and in dofault ono month's imprisonment. Pebjuiiy. — Archibald M'Noil was placed in tlio dock on Monday and oharged with " having appeared before Mr. H. Wisomnn, .Esq., ono of her Majesty's J usticos of tho Ponce," and thut ho did tlion and thoro fulBeiy swoar that on tho 10th inst., ho served a sum mons personally on Josoph Puttison, nt Btackfollow's Gully, and that ho also stvoro tho said Josoph Pattison was indebted to him in tho sum of £8 16s. 5d. Joseph Pattison upon boing sworn stuted, thut ho was not at Dlackfollow'B Gully on tho 10th, but was nt Rosewood from tho 9th to tho 13th ; also thnt ho wns not in dobtod to tho prisoner in the sum above named, nor. any other sum. Two witnossoB wore cnllcd, who cor roborated tho ovidanco given by Mr. Pnttison. Tho prisonor was committed to tnko his trial ut tho Assizos to bo holdeu in October. Ckkmobne Gardens.—' Tho first of tho monthly Gnln Balls, to bo hold at tho Cromorno Hotol, came off on Monday night, and wns a decidod snccoss ; a largo numbor of visitors assembled, nud danoing was kopt up in tho Rotunda and in tho lnrgo room in tho " Oottago " 'til, 4 o'clock in tho morning. Tho gardens were prettily illuminated, and tho effect was exceedingly pleasing ; the inusio, under the direction of Mr. Holmes, was nil that could bo desired, nnd every body appeared delighted with the exertions tnudo. Assault and Battkby.— Frederick Danker, veater- day, oharged Loonidus Kolodas with having, at tbo Sooratos Reef, Cowarral, assaulted him. Ho stated that on tho morning of the 6th Soptotnbor, at about i to 8 in tho morning ho was passing by defendants house, whon ho (defendant) abused him, and said if ho camo on his claim again ho would break ids legs. thon wont homo and was playing with his little son whon dofonnnnt camo up and bogan again abusing him, struck him five o r eix timos on tho nock with bis fist, and thon kicked htm, eaying at tlio oamo timo 11 j will settle you." Plaintiff said ho struck no blow, but walked away, toiling Koiedus that ho would bring him to Court. In roply to Mr. MilforcL witnois said ho had boon on pretty good tornis with gMfifjj)',rtt, but ho hud sorved him with a summons before but which ho had nfrorwards .withdrawn. 'Plaintiff ilonied having givou anv provocation, or etruck any blows in return. Mary Dell stutod tliot sbo was walk ing with Dunkor on tho morning of tho Gth, wlion Kolodas insulted and struck him sovorul times. In cross examination this witnoss said b io was living with Dankor, and thut lie hud told her what to say b:'->re she oamo into court. Tho Bench dismissod the jt. motion without ousts. 1-, f Immigration. — Wo find by tho Now Zealand papers a motion has boen made in the House of Representa tives that " forty acres of land should bo given gratis to ovory male child born in tho colony." This hanker ing aftor immigrants appears strango, in the face of tbo numerous accounts wo rccoive of lha imtnenso num bers of nblo bodied man who are out of employ, and of tho oqually largo numbor of thoso who are not earning more than just sufficient to kocp them. Wo were speaking on Monday evening to a gentlomen, who lately arrived from New Zealand, and he describes tlio condition of tho labouring classes, in most of tho diBtriots, as deplorable. Unliko Quoonsland, Now Zoaland has no vory exton- sivo back country to fall back upon; tho greater portion of the boot land is in tho bands of the Maoris, who will not givo it up, while tlio auriforous districts aro not supporting anything like the number of men tboy did some timo sinco. The vast speculations wbioh took place whon tbo Thames Gold-field first broke out resulted in ruining almost all thoso who bought in shares ut enormous premiums, and a re-action bar taken place whioh threatens dopreoiation in mining stock of ovcry description. Although there oan bo no doubt but that Now .Zealand will, when tlio present culamitious war is coucludod, and " tlio star of pep s returns," quickly rocovor herself, and booonio avontually the Great Britain of tlio southern hemisphere, still it appears unwiBO to attempt to torco immigration by granting land to children born in tlio colony, moro especially whon tho country is of 's limited extent, and must in a fow years becomo donsoly inhabited by tho natural increase of its own population, If the forty acres of luud arc to bo bestowed only upon children born in wedlock, there can bo no doubt thnt the " proposition," if rurriod, will induce early marringes, and porhaps urgo old baohelors and " old maidens of fifty-tbroo " to take tho plunge ; but if tbo offspring of loft handed weddings urn to onjoy tlio priviiogo, we should urguo that a spur — certainly not wuntod in tbo colonios — would bo given to a custom moro honoured in t bo breach than in tho observance. Defend us from oub Fbibnd3.— Our local con temporary hns risked an assertion that ' throo months ago, on tho 9th June (very precise), tho tlion Town Surveyor reported that attention should bo given to tlio fire engine, which at that timo was in good work ing ordoi." It is truu thut Mr. BurstpU did call attention to tho firo ongino, but if it was in "good order," why was thoro any noeessity for calling atten tion to it? But assuming that at the timo it mat porfcotion, and that einco Mr. Burstail's dismissal tho " oil has cloggeJ, und tho machine does need a thorough - cleaning," how will these assumptions do away with the facts, that soma twelvo months since tho engino was foul and out of repair, and that when its services wore required (before tho Town Surveyor's uiesuiesus/ i w jihuij/ mw "wiwi wuv ut vuu |iuiu'| tv nuuiu not work, and wiis obliged to bo takon back to bo set in order? Hero we havo another iffljfejo of tlio wisdom of tho suing " defend us from ourqntnds," U tho Bulletin would not insist in thrqJing Mr. Burstull under our nosos, should wo arer think of snapping at him ? It is tlio grcutost mistako in the world lor u dootor to bo continually pulling the - piasters from his piiticnt's sores and proclaiming his snfforings ; ono nnturally begins quickly to doubt whether tho slight pretensions of the victim to pity, I do not necessitate a vast waste of breath, in order to I pilo up tlio aoonies, so as to raiso our sympathies j "velis el remit" to a boiling point. The Bulletin defends Mr. Burstull, and- Buoli defence would.be oreditablo if facts did not speak in vory plain languago, and show tl.at " guilty " was returned upon diroot, and not airouinslantial cvidonco. He ha9 no right whatever t > muko bis paper servo tlie purposo of an cegis to ward off tho shafts i f just critioidUl, Who, may wo ask are the "literary buekers" of tho Council ? The " literary backers " of Mr. Burstull betray tliomselves by dufouding him "in ooulis civium," without reason, for wo find them asking the following stinngo question: — " Wo should liko to know what tboy (the Town Council aud thoir literary backers) have dono of a practical nature since they cama into office." We , are not. aware tbat we liavo " Literati" in office is ' Roakbampton ; therefore wo cannot undertake to answer tho question. . Mr. JHurstalt s lnonus bad uiucn hotter allow him to fight his own battle, as indiscreet help is froqubnliy more dangerous than tbo attacks of an open enemy. g| English CuuBcn.— Private letters from England v; stato tbat Rockhamptou is to be formed iat) a diocese, k| and that tho Rov. Geooge Gordon will bo cousoorsted j as bishop. Mr. Gordon for many years wus oonneoled j with tho London Missionary Socioty, and about three 1 ye. rs ago visited Australia. % The Governor. — His Exeollonoy Colonel illncksll :i is about to pay a visit to tho more distant portions of the colour — namely, Bowcti, T'ownsville, and Card- ; Woll. Ho will prococd to tlioso places by tho A.S.N. . Company's b b. Black Swan, whioh loft Brisbane on Sati.rdiy lust. A Cemetery Scene. — Thoy don't- manage matteri .. much better in Brisbane than wo do inRockhampton; Si in fuel, so far as Municipal affairs aro concerned, '.we | flatter ourselves wo aro considerably in advanco of our | pretentious and highly favored neighbours. But, with | regard to the rareless and irreverent mannor in which -.j we frequently return " dust to dust," wo are orfeid is wo could only murmur " fit quoque," if tho Plmrieeei | below were to sit in judgment upon us und pronounce ; ue guilty of burying thoee who are " not lost, but gone before," in gruvos sometimes too short and sometitnu too narrow, and whioh often from their structure »nd tbo nature of tho soil, after heavy rains, " stand tenant; less." Tho following, which wo quota from the Courier, reminds us of a soone wo witnessed some few months sinco in our cemetery. " At tho funoral of tho late Mr. G. D. Webb in tho North Briebeno Church of England Cemetery, yo.-terday ntteraoo anothor of tlioso disgraceful scenes occurred wbi havo boon too frequent in our oouioteries. Tbo offi- f ciating clergyman went through tho sorvico to the p» tl whon it is neoessary to lower the coffin into lite grave, ft but when tho man attempted to lower tho eoillit U j| found that tho gravo wns not wido onougli. The oeuui » stuok whon n short distance from tho surface, and n1®r a great umoiiiit of hauling it was dragged back to the K surfaco, aud tlio gruvediggor hud to got hie toola al E onltirgo tho gravo, whilo the olorgyinnn and tlio friends k of tho deceased stood round. Aftor u very consider K nblo time bad beon Bpent in tho work of onlatjr' " tb H grave tho coffin was again lowered, and th> B was conoluded." That wo iu Rockhanipton, nt. /W B as wo aro, spiritually and politically, Bliould bo_ <W-y' R sionully guilty of sins of commission nnd omission, B soarcoly to bo wondored at, but that tho BrisbsnoitA B who sit at tho foot of tho Gamaliels of Church sua Stato, cnti commit tho grave orronAiAsnto, i' ,oal®' I thing allocking, and provos to 7. I church further from God," is a prdverb hot likely w becomo cxtiuot from lack of opportunities of spP" .1 ing it. 