TOLTHANGER GRANGE : A STORY OF ' GUILT AND RETRIBUTION. (Front the JironthmyJ ' '™r~'CriA'iiTEfi''I. TflKUODY IN THE WOOD. ?'Good 'bye, Old fellow! God bless ?you ! nrid don't forget to write ; ' another ?all right, old boy ! love. to. Annie !' and .. .;^be_lQ.'30 night train - steamed . from tlio' platform at Euston Square, with 'an un earthly yell, leaving me alone, In those days I was a medical student. 'George Meredith, a student also liko myBBii,- was in ail oiner respects my . antipodes, and tlio - strange fate that ''BeemB'tcfriilesiicli-tnnUera-miulo.ua-vory fast friends. Accidental contact at hos pital lectures, ripened soon into a true friendship, the result of which was life . betrollml to a dear girl, my sifter, tlio above-mentioned Annie. ? . W(S had both been reading hard for 5uf~' preliminary;'.— niid-ho- detormined^ to havo relaxation-' (as lie said, to. braco — -liis-ncrves-for- tho-forthcoming-ordeal.j- . ' Ho was confident of success; I mpro doubtful, and refusing all hjs earnest ondeavours to 'force' me with him, I left liiin on a fme December night to tho tender mercies' of an express train, on his' way to Cornwall. . ? Three weeks passed ; on tho commeuce-, inont of tho fourth, I received the follow ing strange aud-startling epistle ? ?' -^17111-^-18— ? ' — ? ----- -Polthanger-Grango,— r ? — . ? ? ? ^ ? .? . ^ Cornwall. Dear Tom — Como down here as soon as possible, I am very ill, and shattered, body and nerves. I cannot leave here ; ; arid if Tdon't havereliefl shall go;tnadn I dare not Bay inore in a letter ; keep this from Annie and every one. Get' the enclosed analysed— ^Old B— — will do it in a few hours, and bring it back with you. I shall expect you on Thursday, at the latestr and shall send tho cart to meet you at Holinesdale; ' tho lust train arrives at 10.45 p.m. Come, for G-od'a sslcc, my dear fellow ! — Yours,, as ever, ? . ? ~ ? — .GEonaE. Hastily'' fliiisbiiig~u,y-'breakfaBtr'I went straight to the dissection thoatre .of the hospital, where I found old B— — ; in the middle of an animated discussion with our demonstrator. I motioned to him, and he followedme out. He could make no more of . the letter than myself.. I gave him the enclosure, a paper con: taining a small quantity of light-colored ' ponder, and agreed' to meet -him that overling. I' felt too dispirited for the badinage of my merry friendB, and so slipped away. We only knew George Meredith's father to be (from his report) a .strange, lonely, eccentric old man, who . lived jn a solitary mansion, which had belonged to the'family for years, perched high .up among a perfect wilderness of rocks on the Cornwall coast. The old '. gentleman sent ub a most happy and con gratulatory letter on George's engage ment to my sister, containing a pressing -. invitation 'fear my mother to spend some of the ensuing months at Polthanger. .The ihorning followed the night, and as the grov dawn came struggling-: into Jife through the -murky clouds B — — and .myself hastily finished our task. On Applying various .tests to tho preparation sent, and after incessant and vigilant care, we ifound it contaiued a minimum quan tity of the active , principle of aconite, though quite enough-to destroy life ; and ?; hero wc, rested. ,:I had a natural idea, ; from Meredith's letter, that, in Bomo . shape or ?Jartnl he suspected foul, play;, if so, our aud jvas' gained, in the discovery of the aconite. .1. thought, it right, under hucIi circumstances, In, nay. nothing to my Bister or mother as to. our proceedings. After a hurried leave-taking, :'t jolted in a. cab to .the railway station, a strange, wistful look; of iiuuertaiijty and. Anguish in my sister's bye*,. haunting uip^ike a had dream. it was a horribly chilly wetting,, -too, and the dying dayligjit struggled Vi'pebly . .willi- -the lighted lamps of tlio staiifl/i. ? Save by a few shivering passengers Jike, . jnywlj',. and1 two , or- tlirec sulky officials, ?the pjatforinJwaH. deserted... 'j'h'o uiist lay /thickly oil the fiats,- n'heii', -wearied out, T; d'cll asleep ; when I awoke the ulbon waa' shining brightly, and a chill, biting frost iliad dissipated the lowering dismal clouds, and the wind-was risi'ng Ui a perfect hur ricane. This.tiouilire weatl:**', iii uiy ex cited slate wan intolerable; . I. deemed stifling, between ' the horrors which were growing arotiud tile and the funeral wail ing of the wind outside that dashed i)j-3. ?-., withered leaves against the w Way/. yf i .. ' , ? , / : ? ' . ? ? ? ? the ; carriage as we passed an autumn-: tinted wood. . Portents of evil soomcd sounding in that strange weird mourning -.of the tele graph wirek wo' hear when the wind risos ; and aa I stepped on to. the little platform of tho isolated . station -of Ilolmosdale I. heard the roaring of tho distant sea. \- 1 see that station now after tli.q lapse , of years ; I hear that distant sen ;'and I feel that 'biting~wind,-'as-cloarly -and defined aB though some outlines of this homely ' room took their tangible form as I write. They wero destined to he too clearly impressed upon my memory ever to be. effaced. ' '! After' the long train had wlnrled away, w i th , i ts :last- tmt.'..liffht 'gleaming liko. an arigry ove ; finding a ' trap'- to meet mo as 1 anticipated, I received ample direct tioris from an official, and started for PolthangoV. The mist by this tyne had cjciirly -vdnisliod, and' tlio moon shone brilliantly in a clbudless sky ; the frozen snow- too, -was. cri8p-under__iny_feet{_aiid. tlio straight road stretched out 'plainly before mo. ' At a given point I diverged from . the imain road,' and crossings rustic' stile, . saw. a donso wood, whoso interla cing houghs the moon's rays, hardly could penetrate ; with a shudder' that I can easily explain now, I turned one last look upon the bright road, and entered its gloomy vistas, extending far away and deepening into darkness, l'ho frost sefemed to have lmd little effect upon the darkness hero, and tho slime and withered : vegetable' matter lying deep oii tlie ground.'clUng itr a sickly- manner to-rny feet. ? ? Perhaps I may-have travels led tliueji mile or more: — for I had no count of timerthltt night- — untU,.thraugh a space which lay clear of Wees, I saw' the~'tnooubeawB~!gliuimer-oh--a mansion which I kuew from description, was Pol thanger Grange.. The roar of. tho sea had been gradually increasing as I walked, anu now to- the right i could sgp tho sea-board, dotted with whito sajls. 1 was just re-entering the dense foliage which formed the. woodB as some distant turret clock chimed twelve, when I per ceived a dark, indefinable mass lying in the deepest shadow of the trees. God knows, it' was no impulse of -my own that drew mo' to'tliiirajiOt. bllt'Uie' HLi'iinge aud inscrutable workings of that Divine will wliibh brings all dark' arid hidden crimes to light. ? Deep, deep down, half buried in tho soft green grass; lay the form of him I had loved bo well. As a maps of cloudB passed irom over tno. moon, us iiooa oi silver light fell caressingly on the motion less figure of George Meredith. Stiff, stark, and dead. Death, in the poor white fiice; death, in the half-opened eyes that glared ho horribly through the inter lacing boughs, straight into the ghastly Bky.' ' ? ? ClIA.PT EE II-.-- ! ON TUB TRACK. ' j A sickly sun -struggled feebly in tlio' ?Bky, as I ascended the winding-path to Polthange'r Grange. No traces of con-' fusion were visible ' about the. well appointed house. Ab I Beared the gates all- was - vory- quiot-;_and,_as J!.rung.tho^ . bell, the handle of which whb a huge iron ring, its echoes reverberated through the courtyard, and was quickly answored by a -liveried domestic. - It was evident no idea was in the 'minds of its- inmates as to the awful catastrophe, 'tidings of which I was the moBt unhappy bearer. I waited for old 'Meredith in ari octagonal room over- ? looking tho beach, and it was with no _envjab!q . ..feelings tliat_ J^antjcipated'his coining. It had been sucll a totally-', unlooked-for event, aud' I had been hurried so blindly to tho awful end, that I had ho thought for anything - but tho horror which ' paralysed mo. ' Now that tlio body -was lying tranquilly at the little, inn where 'I 'had cau.sed.it tp be. conveyed, all hope was gone that it : -might havo been a'!iideous-dreiim ; ? arid anxious to be at homo, lest the tidings should reach Annie beforo me,- 1 chafed iriipatiently, with .the wintry Bun thaw ing tho frosted panes, and tlio scai aluiost at my feet, keeping, up an- eve.rlautiiig niuriner.TZ: Hearing a door ojion, I.turnod quickly, 'to see on. its threshold' the form bl a; girl. Had a sloep'-wjilker, under tlio influence of sbinf) inidiilght .. horror, suddenly' con- . ? fronted irie, \4 could not . hiivo been, more : startled than at the fe'atufcs and contour : of .this, woman, , ..In, ^.st'raiige, low voice/ tjiut jieemed to Icavo.aii echa in the.air, j t ' ' My presence ? needs , an I explanation, sir. J uui sorry my uhclo is ; tlo/j indisposod to.Hco you ;? ,if 1 could bo the bearer of your business ..lo him, I should bo happy.' I bowod' and' answered, 'Unfortu- nately, my.'busiiiCBS-is of a-painful'and . imperative . nature^ ... Being b. rdlativ6 you may know my name,- handing her my card. .-- ? Shb riVorely said, '.I havo not the honor ;, pardon me .for a moment, and allow mb to ring for refreshments ; you must lmvo been JravcHing-all night. I will acquaint my undo ot your arrival.' She waited until the servant lmd brought in breakfast, and then glidodout as noise lessly, as' a ghost. ' I-am- not versed in portraiture ; I only know I love or hato instinctively, and soelc or avoid the objects of either. I isliked .tliiH- woinnn^indeoisiDti'Tviid^foar' ? I saw in her every movement ; the- rest less eyes, which never dwelt on an object; but rathrr scanned it; the quivering of the facial muscres, which oven the small, mouth, 'tightly drawn, could not hide from my Bight professionally acute. That strange pallor of the face, too, and tlie' ' toneless voice ;? the prematurely silvered 'hair;~nnd'the- egnstantr~Bpnse7-of ~feaiv that had worn.-into her lineaments, eyi- , dently were the indelible imprints of Bome deep sorrow or . of guilt. Her form; features^nnd' whole bearing were those of a girl rriade old by some sudden whirliyind of passion and remorse. This impulse of dislike prompted me to see George's father alono. I did' not hear the catch turn, or the hinges of the door, but I felt she-was iii tho room long before ?she spoke. ? r — : ? r-— ? — ? - : J! A s an 3' 8udde n excitement would be fatal to tny uucle, luay-l BUggestj if you have any evil- tidings to communicate, you would paiise before you endanger his life ?_Wu.Jiave Jiad-t00-.mueh Borrow here lately.' There was no sorrow in Iter voice, but the sanio. dull, passionless tones, unbroken by'a woman's tear or sob. We were sitting as we spoke, with the light of the . large folding window full ill her blanched 'face, my own being in shadow. She only raised it once, as thongh waiting my answer, with the samo wild look of intreaty in her eyeB I bad noticed beforo. ? ? I \vould to' :God, madam, my errand hore-was- of ra'dift'ereqt'-natufd^it^oori-: cerns ono who was dear to us all !' I stopped— for slio shrank as if 'stricken by a heavy blow, cowering 'to the ground, murmuring— ' Not dead — not dead! 0 God ! not dead. ' Gud forgive me if I felt not pity for the crouching- woman at my feet, so ab ject- in her' abandonment. Without rising and with her face hidnondn her hands, she continued— ' Go on, sir; lot meknow.the worst is he ill— is ho dead ?' -She rocked herself monotonously to and fro, as I detailed the finding -of my friend's body, in tho wood, -but carefully abstained .from giving her the knowledge of the letter -wliich prompted the journey. I-coiild see her shrinlcat every sentence. Ab I teaaed, she Btaggured up, and with a low waiting cry 1 Bhall never forgot, fell prostrate at my feet. I carried her to a sofa that was in the room, and rang the bell -violently. Close lo where she had-fallon, = I-eaw- something. white lying: — -it was a letter.- .1- was placing it caro fully on .the table, w.hen the superscription caught my eye. God! it was tho hand writing of George Meredith, and ad dressed thuB ' Miss Florence Caxton, G; Meredith's, Esq., Pol.tlmnger. Grange,' Cornwall.' To examine the office-stamps was tho work of a Second— only two ; the' ono, that of a sub-office seven miles west of. Polthanger.;, ftnd- thojnther.thflt.oftJie. (To be contftmcdj' ^ 