THE LATE CHARLES DICKENS. FROM MUX OF Till) TIME. I Charles Dickens, the son of Mr. John Dickons, who held u position in the Navy I'ny Department, was horn at Portsmouth in 1812. At tho close of t ho war his father rot i red on a pension, and came to London us parii incntary reporter for one of tlio daily papers. His son Charles was placed as a dork in an attorney's office ; hut- a strong literary bias led to his obtaining, soon after, an engagement as a reporter on tho staff of tho Mornimj Chronicle, then in tlio zonitli of its fn mo, under Mr. John Black. Tlio editor noticing his readiness and versa ili.tv, allowed him a tlioal.ro lor tho display of his graphic qualities by inserting in his journal those " Sketches of English Li To and Character," which were afterwards reprinted in a collective form, under the till o of " Skotclies by Boz," in 1S3G-7. Almost simultaneously with these appeared n comic opera from his pen, entitled "Tlio Village Coquettes." Tho graphic power of describing tlio ordinary secnos of common life, more especially in their most ludicrous aspect, did not escape Lhn notioo of Messrs. Chapman ntid Itall, who accordingly requested "Boz" to write for tlioin a story as n serial in monthly parts, and tho result was tlio publication of the " Posthumous Moinoirs of tlio Pickwick Club." Tho subject was treated by "Boz "in a maniicr ufc once so oasy, so graphic, and natural, and with such a flo.v of geiiiiino humour, that the author found himself raised, almost nt u singlo step, to the highest, rank among living novelists. Illustrated ftt first by tho pencil of Seymour, mid subsequently by that of llablot K. Browne, tlio " Pickwick Papers " found an enormous sale, and tlio namo of tho author was avowed to the world in 1888. Tlm grunt success of " Pick wick " natural I- led ton variety of oilers being made to Mr. Dickous'by the London publishers; and brought about tlio conned km of tlio author with Mr. Bentloy. who engaged his services as editor of his Miscellany, in the second number of which, in Feb. 1887, appeared the first instal ment, of ' Oliver Twist." This story, which was published complete in tliroo volumes at tlio close of 1838, lets the reader into some of tho secrets of life, ns it used too frequently to ho found in tlio parish-union workhouses, and in tho dark haunts of thievery and villnny which form so black a blot upon London mid tho larger cities in tho provinces. Admirably illustrated by the pencil of Goorgo Cruiksliaiik, " Olivor Twist" at, ouco hecaino a popular favourite, mid it con tinues still to bo regarded as 0110 of the author's happiest productions. Meanwliilo "Niolioins Niekloby" appeared in shilling numbers, uni form with " Pickwick," shortly alter tho com pletion of that work. " Nickleby " was written to exposo in detail the cruelties which were then, and are still, it is to ho feared, practised upon orphans and other noglocted children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of tlio northern counties. Mr. Dickons tells us in the preface to th is book that these dis closures resulted from n visit of inspection paid by himself to n school of tlio " Dotliehoys" class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickons undertook the production of a storv. o '» . < .. -r in weuKiy numbers. It was cntitlod "Master Humphrey's Clock," and contained, amongst other tales, tlioso sitico re published in asoparato form, umlor tlio names of "The Old Curiosity Simp," famous for its touch ing episode of " Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity: and of " B.-irnnby Rndgn," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with tho untile of Lord George Gordon, in 178(1. Tlio pnn of Mr. Charles Dickons was henceforth almost incessantly plied. About the limn of the publication of " Master Humphrey's Clock," appeared his > Memoirs of Joseph Grimnldi," tlm celebrated clown, almost the oniv production oi'iiis poll which deals with the plain prose of flints. Soon after the completion of 'Master Humphrey's Clock." Mr. Charles Dickons set sail for America for tlio purpose of preparing himself fertile publication of a work upon men and maimers in tho New World. Whilst there lie visited a groat part of the United States, and accumulated a store of materials which ho gave to tlio world on his return to England in 1812, ltiidor the namn of "American Notes for General Circulation." Many of tho author's statements worn much controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply under the facetious title of " Change for American Notes." In 1814 lie published " Marl in Chuzzlewitt " in numbers; in tlio summer of tlio same year lie paid a visit to Italy, mid many of tlio results of his observations were subsequently given to tlio world in tlio Daily News, Returning to England in the courso of 1845, ho suggested tlio foundation of a cheap daily nowspaper, which should stoiulily advocate tlio spread of Lihoritl polities and secular educa tion at home, whilst, abroad it should show itself tlio sworn onomyof despotic and arbitrary power. Having organised a large literary stall', imd sur rounded himself with some of the lending writers of tlio day, ho commenced tho Daily News, Jan. 1st, 1840, noting as tlio editor, and contributing to its columns, as wo have nlroady inontioned, his sketches from tlio south of Europe, under the attractive titlo of " Pictures of Italy," which woro afterwards reproduced in a collective form. Aftor a few months Mr. Dickons withdrew from his editorial post, and returned to his former line of humorous social publications, varying, how ever, their monthly apponrnnco with tho occa sional production of somo stories of a inoro strictly imaginative cast, called " Christmas Books." Of tlioso tlio first, " A Christmas Carol," was published so far hack as 1843 ; the second, "Tlio Chimes," appeared at Christmas, 1845; tlio third, "The Cricket on tho Hearth," followed in 184G ; and the fourth, " The Haunted Man ai'id tlio Ghost's Bargain," in 1848. Be sides tlio above, Mr. Dickons lias published "Tlio Battle of Life" (1S4G), " Dealings with tho Finn of Doniboy nnd Son" (1847-8), "Tlio History of David Copporlield" (1849-5H), "Bleak House" (1853), " Littlo Dorrit" (1856); also, "A Tale of Two Cities " 'l'lio Uncommercial Travellor;" and "Groat Expectations;" which last tliroo were reprinted from All the Year Hound. In 1850 Mr. C. Dickens started House hold I Fords, a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which lie conducted for somo yoars ; but a quarrol having nrison botweon him and his pub lishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859. and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled All the Year Bound, which is still in oxi.stonco. Mr. Dickens lias earned a high reputation as an amateur actor : and was ono of tlio founders of tlio Guild of Literature and Art; lie lias also been an aclivo promoter of reform in tho administration of tlio Royal Literary Fund. In 1804, Mr. Dickens commenced "Our Mutual Friond," tho appearanco of which pro voked tho most opposite opinions, his admirers extolling it as tlio ablest of his productions, while unfriendly critics denounced it as completely destituto of that graco nnd power which had once characterised his writings. Two years ngo, Mr. Dickons ro-visited America, and his trip had the effect of considerably mit.ignting thoso impres sions which had been mndo upon him in 1842. , A few months hack Mr. Dickons bado farewell to tho public us a reader, telling his audience on tluit occasion that ho intended for tlio futuro to en deavour to merit their praises in tho field whoro I10 had originally ncquirod fume. Tlio first 1111m- hor of tho "Tho Mysteries of Edwin Drood " is tlio only ono of Mr. Dickens's new serial which lias reached tiiis colony, but whether tho re mainder can he now given to tlio public it is of course impossible to say. Thorn is no impro priety in stating tho fact, since Mr. Dickens him self quite recently gave it t ho fullest publication, that the delineator of some of tlio most oxqitisito scenes of domostic happiness was in his own home most wretched, owing, accordingto liisown account, to "incompatibility of teinpor" between himself and wife (a daughter of Mr. Hogarth, tho celebrated musical critic). Mr. Dickens has left several children, his eldest son being, it is said, 11 young man of vory considerable promise. 