THE LADY'S COLUMN. Mechanical Aids to Domestic Service — A correspondent of the Englishwoman's Do mestic Magazine enumerates the following recent inventions for the assistance of house wives and servants The patent boot and shoe cleaning machine is very useful, because not only are the boots and shoes cleaned much more quickly by enabling the operator to use two brushes at once, but they are much more .easily and brilliantly polished, and the inside of the boot is by its use kept perfectly clean, and all those Btains and black marks avoided which are so disagreeable to ladies. The price of this apparatus is 10s. 6d. Next we come to the champion carpet-sweeper. The sweeper is a brush enclosed in a box, and is equally efficient upon coarse and hard carpets. It sweeps both ways, and has the advantage of an adjusting handle ; it wjll sweep under a bed or sofa without removal. The bristles of the brush are set at such an angle that not only dust, fluff, &c.;, are taken up, but threads, pinB, and needles. It moves upon two rollers, hack and front; these prevent any wearing or rubbing action upon the carpet. Indiarubber "squeegee" is a funny name for a useful scraper which is made in four sizes, and which is used to remove superfluous water from bath-room floors, to wash down encaustic tiles, and for brick and stone floors. They are also used for the decks of vessels, and I believe would be useful for boarded floors, as they almost dry the floor in passing over it The price is 6s. for the largest size. The patent bread-making machine is, I am informed, a great success. Instructions and recipes for bread-making are sent out with the machine, which is made in five sizes, the smallest making from 41b. to Sib. of bread, the largest from 601b. to 1001b. The kneading-macbine kneads from 61b. to 141b. of flour into a perfect dough, which is very readily emptied by turning the trough. One person can easily work this When the bread is kneaded, made, and baked, an ingenious little machine slices it into any sized slice or square piece. Then there are mixing-machines, and egg-beaters, mincing and sausage-making machines, coffee- roasters and coffee-mills, a bean and vegetable cutter, shaped vegetable- cutters, garnish - cutters, French scoops, potato-mashers, an apple-par ing machine which pares, cores, and slices at once; French rocking mincers, the four-knife mjncer, which acts as if four persons were mincing away for their lives ; the chopping board and knife for suet, herbs, or vegetables. Then comes a potato-washer for washing that useful vegetable when it is required in large quantities, and self-acting barrel-tilts, which rai&s; the barrel of beer in proportion to its lessening weight. Morning Calls and Modern Exteava- ■ gance —Of late a decided reaction has set in against these senseless morning calls as the media of informal social intercourse; of which reaction the outcome may be seen in the "At Homes," the " Fiveo'clock Teas," the " Days," now so popular among our ladie3. And de servedly popular. For at least these arrange ments let us know where we are and what we have to expect, and tell us that we need not go on such and such days aud hours if we wish to shirk our friends, but that if we wish to see them we are sure to find them then and there; and though substantially hearts may be no truer at a drum than any Wbero else, sem blances are so much the more honest and ob servances less absurd, which is something gained in this ridiculous life of ours we call social. In these afternoons, too, everyone is slightly less formal, and, so far as the men go, less dressed, than ia the more stately evening "at homes." As for the women, do what we may, they will turn every social meeting into an occasion for finery and display ; and even in houses where you are expressly told " not dress parties," the hostess herself leads the way, and is the foremost to deck herself out in her best bravery, to the style of which her guests must conform if they would not be as much out of harmony as the violins of an orchestra playing F sharp while the harp and trombones are giving out three flats. It is by no means saying tnat women ought not to regard their style and beauty as great good gifts to be carefully guarded and preserved, with all due honour, to the last possible moment, if we regret, as all thoughtful persons must, the mad love of dress ana per sonal adornment which rules them as a sex. It is this which makes society so difficult, save to the very wealthy. We cannot meet in any thing like simplicity of circumstance or attire for the sake of pleasant conversation, or the kindly interest which we take in one another. It must be always more or less a matter of toilette—a field-day for gowns and bonnets to prank themselves before eyes more envious or more exultant than admiring—a battle ground where the spirits of rival milliners and the ghosts of rival purses do shadowy strife together j for even nice women are not ashamed to rank themselves no higher than clothes horses, and: Co .think their value depends on the money worttnof their gowns, represented either by value.of material or origi nality of out. And if this , is true of nice women, who have minds and souls, what is it of those who have nothing of the one and hut very little of the other ? Why, they are all clothes hone, and nothing else—au mere dummies, npon which to hang eo much silk and velvet, so many tags of lace and ribbon; and their worth is exactly commen surate with the last account their milliner, sent in, and the amount of pin money assigned to them for the creation of the typi cal ducks and drakes. And as, unfortunately for the world, there are as yet more dummies - than real men and women, more clothes hones than clothes wearers, the whole avenues of society get choked up with the press, and numbers carry, the day u weight , of brain does nob If it were, not for these vre should soon he able to inaugurate a really simple style of society very different from any* thingpeharonow.—Queen. ■ The Exolubivensss of Women.—In no* thing do womenshow their mastery overmen more titan in the extent to which they carry; their exclusivenesa. No women in the world, not told off into oastee, are eo exclusive as the English) none so jealous of sharing their good ■ things. It is not in one thing, bat in every thing Alike—dress, station, domestic happi ness, the companionship of men; they, would, if they could, keep all they pall distinctively their, own rigidly to themselves; they would suffer no longing eyes to look over their park palings, still less allow another to share in their fruits and flowers. Ab a rnle itis not the man's fanlt that the English home is so doll as it generally is. It is the wife,who prevents all easy intercourse, all simple friendliness be tween her hushana and Other men. and yet more between her husbandand other women, j It is she who bars the house door, and forbids it to.be opened save .with such pomp and cere monial as makes the opening a weariness to all concerned. The very' Woman who. as a spiiteter living with her sisters, is glad to have a facile uncenmOnious Bocietyabout her, as a wife sets her face .decidedly against that kind of familiarity lyhich lets a person feel at home in her bouse; and above all things she fears and dislikes a female friend who admires her husband, tbongh in the'most innocent way, and who says so. The profound moral scep ticism which has penetrated society from end to end has eaten away feminine trust with the { rest: and even pure and virtuous women, in- j capable for their own parts of anything like ' immorality, are not ashamed to suspect their sisters of improper feelings and naughty prac tices. and to think themselves safe in their married homes just in proportion as they are isolated. " Especially are happy wives sus picious of those who have made shipwreck Of their own venture. Unmarried women and contented wives may be, if rarely, admitted into the heart of the charmed circle—if the husband is conspicuously indifferent to them; but an unhappy wife is held to be a kind of pirate in disguise, a rival who will steal away the husband's affections if she can. and on whom it is more than probable he will bestow them unasked. Very few women have gene rosity enough to befriend one of their own sex when in matrimonial difficulties, if their friendship is to include their husband's.—Sat urday Review. Varieties op Modern Fashions,—If fashion is, as has often been said, the queen of the world, she is proving herself to be a very liberal minded sovereign, for she allows her subjects the greatest freedom. Instead of laying down general rules on' the subject of dress our task is now to describe toilets which all more or less bear the stamp of fancy cos tumes. The dress of remarkable historical people is imitated with the greatest scrupu lousness ; and thus we hear of the Medici dress, the La Yalliere dress, the Marie Antoi nettedress, being worn by suchand such a lady. If you ask a Parisian couturidre to compose a fashionable dress for you, she will begin by asking what style of costume you prefer, and from what historical period she is to seek "inspiration;" for it is not from one special , period only that fashion borrows ideas—itis from a number of successive but distinct periods, each of which has its own particular style. These periods range from abont that of the Renaissance and Francis I, to that of the Second Empire: though, if you wished for a dress after the fashions in vogue under Charlemagne, or even yet earlier, I have no doubt you wonld find some complaisant coutu ridre to root out old pictures and documents, so as to make up a costume completely con formable to the traditions of the times. But our grandee dames have not been content this winter with^-studying historical costumes; they have given full scope .to 'the most extra vagant fancies in the matter of la toiUette. Every contrast has been tried, every style adopted, and models borrowed from every part of the world, from fur-loving Russia to the poetical and splendid regions -of the East— From the "Englishwoman's Domestic Maga zine. 