SPIRITUALISM. EATEAOEDINABY gTAXBMfiBTS BT ENGLISH SOflLEifM. . . The Earl of Dunraven and Lord Adare. have printed tor private circulation a volume, closely prihtedlria of botisideir&bte; aizej .confining jifpy- six carefully prepared imports o'f ds many eittipgs with Mr. Home. The Earl of Dunraven intro duces these reports with a preface, in which he states tnat ne went to tne investigation completely sceptibalj arid left it Completely cdrivinced. That isj we rind ef stand j WHri|b till be reported by the Detective (joirimittee of the Dialecticril Sdciety, only that the committee have strictly limited their experiments to the physical phenomena of motion witKoilt Contact;, .and. sound without visible impact; Thfe ridole lordd who are the joint authors of tile curious Volume to Wliicli we refer, appear to have witnessed and tested phenomena of a very different class from those to which the Detective Committee have directed their experiments. In the fifty-six trials they have minutely narrated, not only did they witness all that the committee have seen, but a great deal more that was both curious and inex plicable. It seems that their investigations were made where only such an examination would be of any value — in the house of the exa miner, where he may be positively secured against the possibility of imposture by pre- arrangement of mechanism. The scenes of the phenomena described by the noble earl were Dunraven Castle and his mansion in London. The authors have permitted the American news papers to extract largely from their volume, so that its contents are not secret. Fifty copies only were printed, and these have been given to the friends of the reporters ; the English news papers have not been favoured with the ramc permission to extract from it as was given to their American brethren — a distinction for which there appears to be no sufficient reason. It can scarcely be that the writers object to publicity, for there is no secrecy when a book is once in print. Moreover, they have placed their names upon the title-page, and thus" have given the best pledge that they describe only what they verily believe they saw. Having gone so far, it is to be regretted tbey have not gone further, and pub lished the work for the information of all who feel an interest in the subject of it. Let us hope they will yet do so. Their reports are certainly very remarkable. Both attest to having seen Mr. Home raised from the floor and carried round the room more than J ; ; i If : : »' i if ' ' - 1 - ' - i J " r . 1 ence, in their own salons, with none present but a few personal friends, and therefore making collusion impossible, and precluding the common Explanation of delusion by the presence of six witnessed to the riariie fridt at the same moment. They certify not jAerely tri having serin, but to having measured, an expansion tif Mr. Hoirie'a body by 6in. in height. They have Seriii him carry live coals in his hand and on his head, his skin being unburnt and his hair unsinged, ! though thenfselyes could not touch the cbal TtritRoiit a burn; Those, afo material fatets arioiit #lii6li tifor bri no' mistake. But the noble lords descried riiofo, tfhieh Is not capable of demonstrative proof, because it ihUy be a subjective and not an objective operation ; that is to say, the image may be in the mind only, and not actually existing without. But, howsoever to be explained, both assert that they have repeatedly seen spirit forms in their room. They describe them as being extremely sliadowy, rather outlines thari shapes, aria therefore thri psychologist may be excused for setting theiri id the acrioitet of " the mind's eye " instead of the body's eye. This is a common and a very probable result of the adoption of the Spiritualist view of the phenomena that undoubtedly occur; seeing unaccountable motions, and hearing inexplicable sounds that do communicate something that is intelligible, though not always intelligent, the majority of spectators, uriablri to' find .a ready solution in , physiology, at once srit IJfeiri to' the account ' of spirits — which is a convenient solution, for it will account for anything. Profoundly Con vinced that al) is the work of spirits, it is not surprising that thriy should expect to catch some glimpses of the invisible beirigs whom they believe to be moving about them. They strain their eyes to see. The wish is father to the thought. By an e very-day tendency of the mind to think it sees what it expects to see; images really formed iR th'ri mind, and existing only there, are readily supposed to bey drid to the individual really appear to be, external objects ; and thus/ as ghosts are seen by those who believe and fear, Co spirit sfre seeri Ify those who, firmly believing them to be there; In fact hope and perhaps expect to see them there ; Arid When supposed to be seen, the description always given : of a dim outline or shadow, somewhat indistinct, betrays at once the true nature of the vision ; it is within, and not without. But all of this con joint predikni of Lords Dunraven and , Adare should be fea5d, if only as psychical curiosi- : ties, arid as demonstrating tlirit it is ifQt altogether an imposture . or a delusion, ana tnat there' is scribe substantial.. truth at the bottom of a great superstructure c: iforiginatiori which it behoves the scientific world, and a Sbfari all the physiolo- gist, to investigate for himself. We have already stated with much care the reasons that hafe led so many of the recent in vestigators to the conclusion! that the phenomena are not produced by invisible spiritual beings, but by the agency of some force proceeding frdrri tbri nerve centres of one or more of the human beings prlclut,' which forcq may be, and frequently is, directed by the mtlmjri'eri of one or more of those persons, acting either cdrisclotSsIy ,or un consciously; the general opinion being that it is an unconscious action either of the brain or of one of the nerve centres. Where causes are as yet ob scure; We can reason only bytakingintoconsidera- tiori ail the' conditions that attend the exhibition of the effecte; arid .srie What hypothesis they most favour. In this matter; rig oxtfr readers will re member — and, if they forget, #s' request them to refer — all the conditions attending the proved phenomena not merely point directly to the agency of the persons present, but are entirely inconsistent with the hypothesis of spiritual agency. It is true that the precise source of the inflriericA that proceeds from the human being is as yet untraced; wh'ethrir Jt be ftrairi, Or ganglion, or nerve ; so also with tKe trimmer iri Which the force actually operates upon the materia! b'odiris presented to it, and how it is directed by the in telligence of those present. But, because we hve not explored and discovered the physiology" g these facts — being in truth as ig norant of it as we are d£ ihW manner in which a cabbage is converted by the digestive apparatus into blood and flesh, ©r how the arm obeys the will — we are not, therefore, justified in jumping at once to the conclusion that, because We canriot aCCoxmt for it bo far as our present knowledge of psychology extends, therefore it iririst bfe the Wofck of spirits.- Seeing what sorry exhibitions of iiftelHgrineri aire iriade in the corifsri of these plienomena-4itfW utterly inconsistent L tnej re with any conceivable riotiori; of the spirit world — Stireij the rational course is to' rix- haiust tliC possibilities of physiology before we take refuge ' iri jfpiritt&lisnf.; Perhaps it is not generally miderstopd that Spirifrisdirey is gome- tliirig y(uite apart from the phenomena; We fiatfe been aeseflblDg. The Spiritiialisls look upbri the force whose existence rioW b'e deemed t.q' be proved as something quite contemptible, tlp'oh this small basis of facts they have erected a gigaritiC gtriicture, ingeniously put together, and forming a shapefy Whole; but built of dreams. Imagina tion Arid Frincy rife ffffi SrcMtects ; nothing of it is pfoved, of riven capriblri of pfriof, find scarcely will any prirt of it briar the toUch of rerison of of scientific infestigrition. Hrifririfrrir We itiriy per haps pfesfe'rit tri fchri' rriride rin outlirie of this marvellous creed of Spiritualism thrit has been thus erected upon the fact that a force is ri'x- hibited when persons of a certain peculiar organi sation are present. But we are treating here only of those physical phenomena which are obvious to the senses, and therefore capable of demonstrative proof. Our next work will be an endeavour to suggest the direction which physio logical research should take for the purpose of tracing the influence to its source in the human ; organisation.— -The Queen . 