DEATH OF CHARLES DICKENS. Wherever the English language is spoken the intelligence of the death of Charles Dickens has been or will be received with the truest sorrow, for more than any other writer of modern times he has succeeded in in- spiring a feeling of personal friendship be- tween the readers of his works and himself. It may be doubted whether any author of the present century, with the solitary exception of Sir Walter Scott, has been so widely known, or so universally popular. To the 80 millions of people who speak our mother tongue each of the principal characters he created is a familiar acquaintance—a dis- tinct individuality, with an indisputable ex- istence—of whom we think and speak, to whom we refer, and from whose conversation we quote, as we might if the character were one of our next-door neighbour's, or were an old college chum, or a fellow-traveller on a long-vacation tour. Take all these person- ages out of English literature-obliterate Mr. Pickwick and Sam Weller, Fagin and Bill Sykes, Heep and Micawber, Sampson Brass and Captain Cuttle, Pecksniff and Scrooge, and 50 other equally well marked, vividly drawn, and vital characters from the pages of Action, and we shall all be conscious of a terrible void, an irreparable loss. If he was not the first of humourists, he stands in the front rank among those who were so. In this respect he was essentially English, and closely allied to the Fieldings, the Sternes, the Charles Lambs, and the Syd- ney Smiths, in whose minds the humouristic faculty was so abundant. It might have been supposed that this quality, so little compre- hensible by the nations of continental Europe, would have militated against the popularity of Mr. Dickens's works abroad ; but so far from this having been the case, they have been translated into French, German, Russian, Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Danish, and Hun- garian ; and have probably, like Robinson Crusoe, found their way, under an oriental garb, to the inhabitants of Hindostan. That a life so rich in fame should have been brought to a close when its possessor had only just passed the grand climacteric, and when millions of Mr. Dickens's fellow countrymen were looking forward to a monthly renewal of the old familiar talk, with him, cannot be looked upon in any other light than as a national calamity. Indeed, we might, with perfect truth, assert of him what Johnson said of Garrick—"his death eclipsed the gaiety of nations." In a letter addressed to a friend from Genoa in 1845 he intimated his intention of writing his autobiography, but we fear the leisure needful for the purpose never arrived. He says :—" I was born at Portsmouth, in Hampshire, on the 7th of February, 1812. It would be a pleasure to me to furnish you with some details of my life, in the manner proposed, were it not that I have long since formed the design of writing my own memoirs. It will amuse you, perhaps, to hear that I have read many bio- graphies of myself, and that I have always found in them some novel and droll incident, which was wholly new to me ; but the drollest and strangest of all these memoirs was one which was written in France, &c.;" But, failing the discovery of any autobiography among his papers, people will find in the adventures of David Copper- field many of the personal experiences, and still more of the personal feelings, of Charles Dickens. To quote his own words, in addressing the French translatorof that work, David Cop- perfield est l'enfant de mon cœur ; and that translator, who was one of Mr. Dickens's warm- est friends, wrote as follows, with the author's sanction :—" One cannot be surprised at the success of a work in which we not only ad- mire all the qualities of his original talent, but where we also find so many allusions to his own history, so many sentiments, and so many events which are common to himself and to his hero. David Copperfield, in fact, is what may be termed a romanesque autobiography, in which the romancer intro- duces himself, and many real personages by his side, subsituting pseudonyms for their proper names." This was notably the case with Traddles ; and, we believe, most of the other characters, Micawber included, are capable of identification. Hence an especial interest must always be attached to David Copperfield as an autobiographical revelation. During the three and thirty years of Mr. Dickens's career as an author, the fertility of his mind appeared to be inexhaustible, although the value of its products fluctuated from time to time. Besides the works of fiction, the books of travel, and the contribu- tions which he furnished to Household Words and All the Year Round, as well as to the Daily News during what he called the " short mistake" of his connexion with it, his private correspondence, his efforts in the cause of charity, his domestic hospitalities, his public readings, and his private theatricals, were enough to occupy the whole time and absorb all the mental activity of a man of average strength and capacity ; and it is to be feared that his sudden death, from paralysis, was the effect of an over-wrought brain, and of too strenuous and too persistent a tension of his nervous system. He was one of the most genial of hosts, and one of the readiest and pleasantest of after-dinner speakers. In conversation and in oratory, his manner was as excellent as his matter. He spoke as he wrote; and although the writer of this notice never had the good fortune to hear him read, yet a knowledge of his rare —and in some respects unequalled— powers as an actor, combined with our re- collections of the variety and flexibility of the tones of his voice, and the mobility of his features, enables us to accept as truthful all the eulogies which have been pronounced upon the new form of entertainment, and the new sources of delight, which he opened up to the public of Great Britain and of the United States. In his own home he caused you to forget the distinguished author in the courteous and cordial host ; who had an apt anecdote for every occasion, and a frank and winning smile for the mot or sally of every guest. His good-humour seemed to be as indestructible as Sir Walter Scott's is reported to have been, and he possessed that happy knack of adapt- ing his mood of mind, and his manner of conversation, to all kinds of people, and of placing the newest acquaintance and the shy- est visitor perfectly at his case, which springs either from the possession of consummate tact, or from great delicacy of fooling opera- ting under the direction of an intuitive insight into character. His fellow-countrymen in all parts of the world will experience some difficulty in realising the magnitude of the loss they and our national literature have sustained by the death of Mr. Dickens, because the shock pro- duced by the suddenness of the calamity will have been such as to occasion a fouling of incredulity. Last month brought us the first part of his new story, with the promise of a twelvemonth's con- tinuation of it ; and now the mail brings us the painful and unlooked for news that the active brain has ceased to work, and the busy hand lies cold in death. Remembering that Charles Dickens had only attained the age at which Cervantes wrote his immortal masterpiece, we are almost tempted to murmur at the inscrutable decree of Provi- dence, which has bereft the world of a life which still enclosed such splendid possibilities as did that of the great novelist we have lost. Of the leading incidents of his life, we find the following particulars in Men of the Time :— Charles Dickens, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay department, was born at Portsmouth in 1812\. At the close of the war his father re- tired on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. His son Charles was placed as a clerk in an attorney's office ; but a strong literary bias led to his obtaining soon after an en- gagement as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr. John Black. The editor, noticing his readiness and versatility, allowed him a theatre for the display of his graphic qualities by inserting in his journal those " Sketches of English Life and Character' which were afterwards reprinted in a col- lective form, under the title of " Sketches by Boz," in 1836-7. Almost simultaneously with these appeared a comic opera from his pen, entitled " The Village Coquettes." The graphic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in their most ludicrous aspect, did not escape the notice of Messrs. Chapman and Hall, who accordingly requested "Boz" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the "Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." The subject was treated by "Boz" in a manner at once so easy, so graphic, and natural, and with such a flow of genuine humour, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single stop, to the highest rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and subsequently by that of Hablot K. Browne, the " Pickwick Papers" found an enormous sale, and the name of the author was avowed to the world in 1838. The great success of "Pickwick" naturally led to a variety of offers being made to Mr. Dickens by the London pub- lishers, and brought about the connexion of the author with Mr. Bentley, who engaged his services as editor of his Miscellany, in the second number of which, in February, 1837, appealed the first instalment of "Oliver Twist." This story, which was published complete ¡n three volumes at the close of 1838, lets the reader into some ot the secrets of life as it used too frequently to be found in the parish union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villainy which form so black a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces. Admirably illustrated by the pencil of George Cruik- shank, "Oliver Twist" at once became a popular favourite, and it continues still to be regarded as one of the author's happiest pro- ductions. Meanwhile "Nicholas Nickleby" appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with "Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that work. "Nickleby" was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then, and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens tells us, in the preface to this book, that these disclosures resulted from a visit of inspection paid by himself to a school of the "Dothe- boys" class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled "Master Humphrey's Clock," and contained, amongst other tales, those since republished in a sepa- rate form, under the names of the ' ' Old Curio- sity Shop,"—famous for its episode of "Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity,—and of "Barnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots con- nected with the name of Lord George Gor- don, in the year 1780. The pen o£ Mr. Charles Dickens was henceforth almost incessantly plied. About the time of the publication of Master Humphrey's Clock " appeared his "Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," the cele- brated clown, almost the only production of his pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of " Master Humphrey's Clock" Mr. Charles Dickens set sail for America, for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Whilst there he visited a great part of the United States, and accumulated a store of materials, which he gave to the world on his return to England, in 1842, under the name of "Ame- rican Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were much con- troverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of "Change for American Notes." In 1841 he published " Martin Chuzzlewit" in numbers. In the summer of the same year he paid a visit to Italy, and many of the results of his observations were subsequently given to the world in the Daily News. Returning to England in the course of 1845, he sug- gested the foundation of a cheap daily news- paper, which should steadily advocate the spread of Liberal politics and secular educa- tion at home, whilst abroad it should show itself the sworn enemy of despotic and ar- bitrary power. Having organised a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day, he commenced the Daily News, January 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and contributing to its columns, as we have already mentioned, his sketches from the south of Europe, under the attractive title of "Pictures of Italy," which were afterwards reproduced in a collective form. After a few months Mr. Dickons with- drew from his editorial post, and returned to his former line of humorous serial publica- tions, varying, however, their monthly ap- pearances with the occasional production of some stories of a more strictly imaginative cast, called ' ' Christmas Books." Of these the liist, "A Christmas Carol," was published so far back as 1843 ; the second, " The Chimes," appeared at Christmas, 1845 ; the third, " The Cricket on the Hearth," followed in 1846 ; the fourth, "The Battle of Life" (1847) ; and the fifth, " The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1848, Besides the above, Mr, Dickens has published " Dombey and Son," (1847-8), "The History of David Copperfield" (1849-50), "Bleak House" (1853), "Little Dorrit "' (1856) ; also " A Tale of Two Cities ;" "The Uncommercial Traveller ;" and "Great Expectations;" which last three were re- printed from All the Year Round. In 1850 Mr. C. Dickens started Household Words, a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years : but a quarrel having arisen between him and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled All the Year Round. A new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens's pen, entitled, " Our Mutual Friend," was commenced May, 1864. Mr. Dickens has earned a high reputation as an amateur actor, and was one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and has likewise been an active promoter of the Royal Library Fund. THE telegraphic line between Valparaiso and Buenos Ayres, across the Andes, will soon be erected. The recent escape of the forger Watt from the Dubbo lock-up is thus related by a local journal:—"James Charles Watt, a prisoner under committal for several forgeries, suc- ceeded in effecting his escape from the Dubbo lock-up, by cutting a square hole at the bottom of the cell door. Watt is a man of considerable bush experience, having at one time been a cattle drover. He is a well in- formed man, and writes a very fair hand. In his escape he attempted to add impudence to audacity, for he left a note behind for the gaoler, written in pencil, to the following effect:— 'Mr. Byrne, — you cannot possibly take umbrage at my sudden departure, since you have said more than once that you could not blame a man for trying to make his escape. I have tried, by dint of much perse- verance, and I trust you will ever keep the little knife you find with this as a memento of Australian energy.' Rather cool. The knife in question is about seven inches of crinoline steel ; but it is very evident, from the nature of the cuts in the door, that Watt had a strong pocket-knife, no doubt passed into him by some discharged drunkard." 