I MY FRIEND GRIMSTONE. 1 -* 1 BY GREENHORN. Some people are born rich, others lucky, but fortunately I don't belong- to either class. He only thing I can give myself credit for is the facility with which I managed to get out of trouble as fast as I get into it-the difficulty I experienced is to keep from falling into scrapes, lot the getting out of them. With all my transcendent abilities am bound to confess that I have never been able to make money or JI ever have to any extent, thanks to a troop j affectionate tradesmen, I have been unable to see it. One thing I have learned, however, and that is, if a poor unfortunate can't fly Lnself, it's good policy, as old Polonius said with regard to another subject, to " grapple to 4 soul with hooks of steel" those who may be possessed of a good pair of wings. I have often by way strong affection for fortunate cronies a affection never allowed to cool-been saved EMU going to roost siipperleBS. Not the slightest suspicion, however, crossed my mind that my old friend Grimstone, whom I have so often cated to a glass of ale at his own expense, was the the man who was destined to wear the cap is Fortunates, and to raise me to that position it society I was originally intended to adorn. Ctthbily my esteemed friend has not yet let into the secret as to the extent of my share in the golden plum, but I can't for a moment imagine that all my repeated acts of kindness will be forgotten, or suffered to go unrewarded ; lad upon the strength of this conviction, I have lately cultivated an acquaintance with fashion attacker had bootmaker. The suddenness of the change of luck has had such an effect upon u, that I have been scarcely able to contain my jj- and the liquor I have imbibed at the pleasing intelligence. This is digressing, however, for when I started 1 meant to give a true and faithful account of the case which has produced these beneficial faults, and to point a moral from its teachings. John Huntly, an old merchant of Bloomsbury, cBclo to my friend Grimstone, had money ; Miss Wilkins, his housekeeper, had none. John Huntly was a bachelor of sixty, Miss Wilkins is a spinster of thirty-a little difference in Usages, it will be noticed, but nothing to speak of. Well, John Huntly, like all men who intend marriage, had a weakening of the brain, and noted some one to take care of him Miss Wilkins, in common with all spinsters of doubtful years, wanted a husband. It is unnecessary to tell what followed, for though thirty years difference in the ages of the parties might seem a obstacle, yet £120,000, even with a sixty- year-old invalid, was not to be sniffed at, and so the operation" was performed, and the charming Fanny Wilkins became Dame Huntly. From a "refusal of my private correspondence on this subject, I find that the old gentleman slightly recovered from his state of mental aberration on the wing of the marriage, and that the star which had shone so brightly over the diplomacy of the wing housekeeper began to wane. The interesting Fanny, however, was not to be so easily Med, so she, with a discernment which did nor spinsterhood credit, directed that her victim told be carefully watched till after the cere Bony, so that he might be prevented from using his escape. It appears to me that this Marriage was a model one 2 and were I to be certain that benevolent fate would handle and as gently as it did the old merchant on this occa- wi, I should be disposed to look more com recently upon the ceremony preceding the sacrifice of freedom. Not only was old Huntly pared the dreadful thoughts inseparable from its known approach of the calamity, but he actually went through the ordeal unconsciously, We therefore without a pang of remorse. What a pity the old man is dead ! A fortune could easily be made by any muff who could discover secret of suffering matrimony without pain. Poor Huntly, however, did not survive the operation " more than a year. Thanks to the thinning Miss Wilkins, alias Airs. Huntly, a it was made before he shut Hod off this mortal soil" in favour of his buxom protector, thus leaiingmy-friend Grimstone and his family out the cold. Another character, however, one hearing the euphonious name of Dr. Timms, clean appearance on the stage at this juncture, M rather before old Huntly was dead, and sung the guineas belonging to the late housekeeper as spectacles, he saw in her excellencies sufficiently attractive to make his professional IN conspire with the to-be disconsolate widow's M screeners in producing a sound akin to the Mile of a postillion's whip. Now, seeing that the. Huntly could kiss Dr. Timms before her husband's death, it does not appear strange that MR should listen to a proposal of marriage from 'her gallant Timms a week after, or that she would marry him three months subsequent to the death of her husband. This oxpoditiousneBS may scorn rather- startling, but I am sufficiently experienced to know that it is nothing to what thirty-year-old spinster and a man in love with sovereigns, counted by the thousands, can do when they set their minds to work. No doubt the happy Timms cut some strange papers when Wound he was the lord and master of such a large stock of that necessary ingredient to a contented mind. Like the Ghost of Banquo at the 'last, however, the spectral form of litigation, commissioned by Mr. Grimstone, haunted the interesting couplo'H married life. The decision Lord Penzance, by which the £80,000 comes a my friend Grimstone, does His Lordship rout, and I am in favour of his promotion to to woolsack on the strength of it but still there is another side to the question as to this ."."?ging of the ownership of this money. No Iron likes to take a part without its being first fitted with sugar and I apprehend that the poor doctor when he found that the thirty-win- tered seasoned spinster, whom he imagined to itself a richly sugar-coated plum, had become pa Mrs. Timms, without the almost exhausted stores of wealth he fondly imagined So I'm to for, he was attacked, with such a violent complaint that all his antidotes were powerless to remedy it. I mourn for Timms that his kissing match has not produced better results, and congratu- late Grimstone, and indirectly myself,, on our good luck. Learn a lesson from Timms' sad misfortune, and do not try to step into a man's shoes till you know for certain that he has done with them, and then don't attempt to wear them unless you are positive they will suit you. Profit by Grimstono's good fortune by remembering that it is always better, as the celebrated Victorian philanthropist, C. E. Jones, once classically observed, " to keep your pecker up" under all circumstances. And that, if you have rich relatives, by bearing in mind that they must eventually put you to the expense of a few yards of crape, and an extra length of your melancholy visage. Lastly, though not least, let my case teach a useful lesson. When you see a person whom you have reason to believe will come into money, stick close to him, and never let him out of your sight. If he drinks) shout for him, that is if you have money, and if you have not get him to do so either will do. And if he is a disciple of Father Matthews, raise all the spare money you can, go in for a " spree," and make your friend the instrument of your reclamation. If you can't make a bosom friend of him by this means, it's an unmistakeable sign that "there's something rotten in the state of Denmark," and that either you are an idiot, or he is a traitor to the 'cause." I 