THE 'TIMES' ON THE INDIAN RE MOUNT SERVICE. The last English mail enables na to record another important step achieved by Mr, K, D. Ross in the advancement of hiB Indian mission. The subject has found access to the Times, and has been there expounded to a British public in a very elaborate and encouraging narrative. This article, which appears in the issue of November 25, was singularly opportune, as the report of the Bengal Stud Commission had only arrived in London by the previous mail. Mr. Ross himself had been supplied with the principal documents in anticipation, and by the time that the Duke of Anjyle was ready to con sider the propositions of the Indian Govern ment our South Australian scheme came thus prominently under his notice. Its influ ence may be felt not only directly at the India Office, but by reaction at Calcutta, where it may tend to hold in check the too obvious prejudices in favour of stud esta blishments. The wise conviction of Air. Ross that there would be formidable obstacles to overceme has stimulated him io court all the support available for his pur pose. This he has systematically and always effectively done from his first landing at Calcutta to his final arrival in London. The viceregal influence, which has been an open sesame to him wherever there was anything to be gained for the cause, deserves acknow ledgment no less than his own discretion in utilising such advantages. This alliance of two thoughtful determined men, the one planning and the other executing, has, in its quiet operation and unexpected results, given us some consolation for a blank year of fussy, garrulous, and so-called responsible govern ment. It has at least opened up a prospect of fresh employment for those energies which local administration has stupified into a dismal lethargy. The Times having no doubt the latest official information from India before it is very minute in its description of the remount sen-ice. It narrates the past history of the native stud establishments in a very con demnatory spirit. That goes back as far as to the end of last century, the first stud in Bengal having been founded in 1794 — namely, that at Porsah. After about twelve years' trial, Sir G. Sarlow recommended the Court of Directors to abandon the system, but they decided on attempting to reform it. The studs were reorganized on a larger scale, and most liberal provision was made for them, even to the extent of importing fresh stock from Persia and Arabia. This second test was prolonged for nearly a gene ration, until in the time of Lord William Bcntinck the studs again fell into disrepute. Lord 'William' reduced them, but they had an irrepressible tendency to expand, and a fewyears Later they were as extensive as ever, and as costly. They have been most popular in the Bengal Presidency, where the Pie mount Service is almost exclusively supplied from tihem at the rate of nearly three ,1 t ? nm i ? _ purchased as yearlings from the zemindars at prices ranging from £7 to £14 — more tham a South Australian breeder would expect for a fairly grown colt. The -cost of keep on the stud farm averages £2 16s. per month, which has to be continued till the horses are three or four years of age. They have 'then to undergo a selection before being drafted off' to the respective corps. Only about -60 per cent, of them are actually passed, and the remaining 46 per cent, of weeds have to be sent to the -bazaars to be got rid of at any sacrifice. It has been a matter of frequent complaint in the Calcutta Press that a .great deal of money is annually wasted through this throwing away of expensively-reared horse flesh. Allowing for the gross -outlay at stud and the loss through cast horses, the net price of each that enters a corps is estimated at £100. Yet, after all their dry nursing and selection, they are still inferior animals as a class. The Times speake of them on official authority as being 'incapable of great fatigue and endurance, notorious for their vice, and predisposed to bony deposits, especially in the hocks.' In appearance they are ae bad as in constitution, 'having narrow chests, long pasterns, -And .weak crooked hind legs.' Sir Charlee Napier, when Commander- in-Chief, publicly mani fested his disgust at the prevalence of spavin among these native Roeinantes. Once he directed special enquiry to be made iute it, but even his authority could * n&t; weaken the infatuation of many officers with regard to stud farming. Hi3 namesake, the present Lord Napier, has espoused the infatuated cause. 'When the first Stud Commission appointed in Madras reported in favour of suspending importation, and depending almost entirely on studs, he issued a minute endorsing their views. But the Council did not agree with him, and further .enquiry was ordered through the agency of a Special Committee. The latter has reversed the recommendations of the first Commission, and the Duke of Argyle will be required to arbitrate between them. The occurrence of this dilemma would iave been an advantage for South Aus tralia, had it only prevented a hasty decision en the part of the Indian Government. But it has, through the opportune action suggested by Sir James Fergusson, done a great deal more for our side of the question. It has obliged Indian officials to open their eyes to exact and authentic statements of the capabilities of Australia as a horsebreeding country. It has secured a reference of the whole question to the highest and most impartial jurisdiction. A formal remon strance addressed to Madras or Calcutta might have elicited only a formal acknow ledgment, and been forgotten on both sides. Mr. Ross, by dint of peculiar facilities and qualifications for the task, has carried the negotiation upward from stage to stage to the very door of the India1 Office: Since he visited then* neither Madras, Calcutta, nor Bombay.cw plead ignorance ?£ the AflBtadiari paw. They have bad to ,fcke it into consideration, and theyiwiU have, te form a decision upon it, which will bear vindication now and hereafter. The Times has but confirmed the almost unanimous verdict of the Indian Press on the desirability of a Remount Depot at Port Darwin. It strengthens their advocacy by a plea which was not yet available when they wrote. The best and most significant of all its encouraging conclusions is that it con siders Lord Napier's objections to have been refuted by Mr. Ross. 'The terms of this South Australian proposal,' it says, 'do way with all Lord Napier's objections to a foreign horse traffic unless that of a pos sible war between England and the it next disposes of by suggesting the employment of auxiliary steamships with a suitable convoy in time of war. The passage under these circumstances would seldom exceed eight or ten days, and the risk attending it, whether from war or weather, would be very inappreciable. The writer further weakens the effect of Lord Napier's minute by noting that it had been written and published before the Port Darwin scheme had been mooted. It had con sequently not recognised such an alternative, and, as its terms indicate, its special reference was to the trade of the Persian Gulf— quite a different thing in everyway from an Indo Australian trade. It was the supply of Arabs which Lord Napier had apprehended would suffer through any European war in which Turkey might become involved. It was the importation of northern or Heratee horses which he feared would be affected by the disturbances always more or less prevalent in Afghanistan. In his cursory allusion to Australia, he had called it a 'secure breeding-ground,' but had objected to it on the subsidiary grounds of expense and efficiency. To the first the Times replies by quoting Mr. Ross's estimate of £25 per head as the average cost of good horses delivered at Port Darwin. The second it answers by reminding the Indian authorities that they tare supposed to have their own agent in Port Darwin, who need not pass a hoof or incur a pound of liability except for articles he can approve. At their stud farms the Bengal people have to bear the whole responsibility of the final weeding for service, and it is admitted to enhance the price of efficient horses by nearly 50 per cent. But at Port Darwin the responsi bility of weeding will rest on the Aus tralian breeders. That alone is an advantage : and an economy which may well defy pre judice to ignore it. The Times appropriately concludes with a caution to the Australians to be well assured of the accuracy of their calculations as to the cost of breeding, for on that the ultimate success of the experiment would mainly hinge. The writer views the Northern Territory from a different standpoint and it may be under more genial influences than his brother, the City Editor. He has faith in the general resources of the North Coast, and an intelligent idea of how they are to be developed. This -passage of the article may be quoted for the encouragement of Northern Territory land-order-holders : — 'One paragraph of Sir James Fergusson's letter to Lord Miiyo gives us an epitome of the wonderful wealth and resources -of Australia. His, Excellency says:— 'Mr. Rosh is also well informed as to' the 'many other products which these colonies can .supply in si^erabundant measure — breadstuff's of the finest quality, dried or fresh European and tropical fruits, live cattle aud sheep of the best breeds, which might also be shipped from the North in good condition (iu proof of this I may mention that fat sheep have been profitably conveyed from Adelaide to California), meats preserved upon improved methods and of the best quality, and wines which promise to be l*2th varied and valuable.1 ' We believe that the opening of a trade between Port Darwin and India might before long lead t-» much larger results than are expressed in the saving of £1SO.OOO a year in horse-flesh to the Indian army, There seems no reason why tlie north-east of' Australia, situated as it is within easy reach of Coolie labour, should not produce iu larger quantities the rice, cotton, sugar, &c;, for which its soil and climate are said to be qualified. But we.i-oed not enter further on these ulterior considerations; the poiut now is, whether India and Australia may not with mutual profit buy aud sell some 3,600 horses a .year. By doing so India will be completely released from that speculation she has long lieen engaged in at such expense and dissatisfaction to herself. Instead of buying yearlings from the zemindars, of vluch 40 per ceut. are cast, she will acquire- at once, at half the final cost of her present rcmouut, an animal immediately tit for the collar or the saddle, acclimatized to the tropics, possessing the hardihood of frame and constitution. only found in horses bred ii- a temperate zone. There is no doubt whatever that the Port Darwin -scheme, as stated bv the S^utli Australian (loverument, is in every\vay demisable. Any llaw iu it can only arise from some gross mi.sstatement or .miscalcu lation, of wljich the South Australian Mini stry is surely not capable, and which could be at once detected by a remount agent sent to the colony to enquire into the matter. The only point which scorns to us to require corroboration, not because we have at present any reason for doubt, but because it is that on which the whole matter hinges, is the price of the horses. J t mv.i-t be demonstrated to a certainty that these will lie obtainable in desired -quantity and quality at the stated figure, and accorJing to the natural Iaw3 of demand aud supply. The Indian Government may lix what it will give-, but the Australian Government cannot so fix what its ?itockowncrs will take. It is ouly the most thorough enquiry as to the cost of breeding fcud the cost of driving to Port Darwin which can determine this.' Tjie Adelaide Marine and Fire As KVRANrE Company. — The report and balance sheet of this Company just issued explain the reason why the share quotations have receded so far from the figure they at one time reached. There has been a steady in crease of business in the Marine Depart ment, but it has been almost equalized by the losses. The premiums for the six months realized £59,797 5s. Id. against £47,297 Ss. Id. for the first half of the year, whilst the losses are set down at £59,677 ISs. lOd. Of this large amount the claims actually settled make a total of £45,408 ISs. 10d., the re maining £14,2G9 being set aside to balance losses advised, but the extent of which has not been precisely ascertained. The Fire business done has been very limited; the premiums being £2, 766 13s. 10d., and the losses £2,23S.5s. lOd. The profit on the two branches' £646 14s. 3d., together with receipts from interest and other sources has not b/een nearly sufficient to meet cur rent expenses '. arid . ' agency charges. The total 'loss amounts to £1,989 10s. 4d. The JDire^tots have no alternative but to refrain from recommehdinga dividend, and to express a hope that the reverses which have fallen oa the Company may now have terminated. The statement of liabilities and assets show that the ReB^ve-lin^w now ;r^resented: W'.a; aum: :'of , £¥i,28l $s/'&£.' ^ongat^.thV assets are 'sundry debtors, = Adelaide! £1,700 13s.' 9-L y Melbourne. fl,806l4i. , M. : and London, £10,565 10s. lQd; : .; V ,' : \ :7:'; ' - Meetings of Compantes.— Meetings of the following Companies .will, 'be t Held this day, as. advertised ; — Provincial Gas, Eiiko, 'WheaT Hughes, North Yelta, and New Cornwall Mining. ' ' ' SOIREE. — The South Adelaide Mutual Improvement Society will give their first soiree this evening in the Town Hall Exchange-Koom. The Society has put out a capital programme, and a full attendance is certain. , Fire Brigades.— Mr.1 Robert Read, late Inspector in the Mounted Police Force, and stationed at Auburn, has been appointed uepuvy oupermieiiaeni oi- riro ..pngaaes at Port Adelaide. Talisker Minx— Captain Price, under date January 25, reports ab follows:—' Smelting will be resumed at the beginning of next week. I have put four men to sink on Ballroom bunch, and it looks magnificent. I have also put four men to take down the ore at Tapley's, so that I shall now be able to raise ore in large quantities and send you up plenty of silver-lead. I have no change at Bunlrill's; I shall keep on till we cut the wall of the lode at the 62-fathom level. We are driving on the eastern wall of the lode, as it is better ground for exploring. I shall have the lode taken down at the end of this week. The lode at present (in sight) is worth about two and a-half tons of ore to the fathom.' Lectuiie by the Rev. J. Bickkord. — On Saturday evening the Rev. J. Bickford, who is now in Adelaide attending the Wesleyan Con ference, delivered an address on temperance in Pirie-street Lecture-Hall. As the time advanced the Hall was moderately filled, and on the plat form were several of the leaders in the temper ance movement. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Samuel Knight, who in a genial speech introduced the lecturer. Mr. Bickford urged many of the arguments which ho con tended had been so long unanswered, presumably because unanswerable, why every right-minded man should be a teetotaller. He deprecated the introduction of colonial wino into Victoria, and hoped Mr. Randall would be defeated in his attempts to get it there, as it would, he believed, injure the morals of producers and consumers. At the conclusion the rov. gentleman wished the Chair man to call on some of the friends on the nlatform to follow wit.h slini-t nflrinxuuK: n-1mn iMr. Dowie moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, and quoted statistics recently received /rom England, showing that more than double is expended in one year in Great Britain in intoxicating drinks thau in cotton fabrics. Mr. Hosking seconded. The Rev. J. G. Wright supported the vote, and narrated in stances of success in rescuing victims of intem perance in a wiuemaking suburban village. Thanks were moved to the Chairman in short addresses by Mr. W. G. Coombs and Mr. Madge, when after a few final words by the Rev. J. Bickford the meeting closed. East-End Market.— Considerable excitement was occasioned on Saturday morning by a number of the Corporation officers entering the interior of the East End Market, and taking the names and addresses of upwards of 20 sales people, probably with a view to ulterior pro ceedings. Stuathalbyn asd ViCTOH Haubour Rail way.— The Commissioner of Public Works has reached the conclusion that the simplest course to adopt with a view of legalizing the leasing of the Strathxlbyn and Middleton Line is to pass a short Bill through the Assembly. This Bill will, we believe, be introduced without loss of time, and passed through all its stages as rapidly as the 'House can be induced to pass it. Gawlkr Wesleyan Chv/kch.— On Tuesday afternoon, the anniversary meetings of the Wesleyan Church, Gawler, were held ; Mr. W. Duffield presiding at the public meeting. Mr. J. C. Wilkinson read the balance-sheet of the old, and Mr. Wincey of the new Trust Fund. The lattershowed that the total costef land, buildings, fittinps, kc., had been £3,812, and that £'1,904 had been raised. The Rev. H. T. Burgess (the Circuit Minister's) report stated that 260 sittings were let, yielding at the rule of £160 per annum^ the membership was. 155,. and there were 303 Scholars in the Sunday - 6chool, with 39 teachers. For the above facts and the annexed remme we are indebted to the report of the'. Eumiip, which we condense. After a pleasing introductory ad dress from the Rev. C. J. Evans, the Rev. Mr. Ironside, who formerly laboured in South Aus tralia, but is now attending the Conference, congratulated and urged ?them to renewed exertion and the maintenance of their distinc tive principles. The Rev. S. Rabone, another visitor, gave an earnest speech, chiefly de scriptive of South Sea mission - work, the eajfly difficulties, and ultimate triumphs. The Rev. J. Watsford, who was greeted most enthusiastically, said 'he was very glad to have enjoyed this privilege of again visiting South Australia. He had spent six of the happiest years of his life in it, and he was rejoiced to seo it,:&nd; to meet his old friends again. He was uot going to make a long speech — at least ho thought so, because he had preached twice on Sunday, mid ho thought ihat quite enough for one such week as fiiey had endured. When he. left South Australia he left in a little bit of a storm, and ho got into trouble unintentionally. In his lecture before leaving he had spoken his ?.mind freely, as he wius accustomed to do to his Wesleyan friends, and he had given utterance to his opinions about our institutions, the press, kc. But didn't they come down ou him, and all because he ventured to point out a fev.- spots on the sun. He was sorry for this. If ever there was a man who wished well to other denominations he was that man. There wo* oroom for all. He congratulated them on the Wautiful place of worship in which they were .assembled. The old chapel was a standing dis£nice. When he used to-jome up and preach ior them he was always disgusted at the ugly old bam. Now, however, things were . different, for they had given the preacher a platform upon which to knock aheut, and on which a man's soul had mom to expand. It was cruel to shut a man up in a box. (Laughter.) Ho ai*o vastly ad mired the toiling and the jtews. He trusted that no ' uncertain sound' would be emitted by the preachers in that place. They were not to get proud, .and stiff, and formal, because they had a new cliapol. Some things were necessary to their prosperity as a Church. They must be a praying Church, and the rev. gentleman gave a strikiusr and deeply interesting example from his owu experience of the power of prayer. They must also be a ' working' Church, and they must be a giving Church. Many men could work, and pray too, most lustily, but if you went with them when the collection was.being taken, it was precious little they gave. If they kept these precepts before them they would soon be clear of debt. He did not believe in debts. They were alwavs an incubus and a burden. Their present debt was too large, and they must reduce it. They must go steadily and determinedly to work; systematic giving was the true method. Ho knew times were bad, but those who had money must ' come down' liberally and compensate for the inability of those who had uone. He knew the moneyed men of Gawler would not fail them. They knew he did not go iu for bazaars, for he believed in direct taxation. After all he thought they made the privilege of giving too cheap. In his soul he did. He would place the plate right up in the steeple, and make the people climb up to put their contributions in. He entreated them to do what they could, earnestly and prayerfully, and God would reward them.' The total proceeds of Sunday's and Tuesday's services were about £100. Bible Christian Magazine.— This quarterly, the February number of which is to hand, has, in addition to the ordinary contents, a well written article on the GJcumenieal Council and an address on Mutual Improvement Societies Hkely.to.be of service. .' j Gasworks Extension.— The South Australian (Jas Company are now inviting tenders for the Erection .of their large telescopic gasholder. The .- Military.— The CJaud'Hamilton arrived yesterday with a detachment of the 2-18th Regt. Royal Irish; They are to be brought to town by one'of the morning trains^ and, will at once fake the place of the ? 14th, ^whb leave 'en -rmite for -England.' -'??? ?? - ... . i ?, . .' ; : . \- 'Thk' Weston 'Minstrels. The Weston 'Company are at last getting into a good run, andasthe houses grow the performance seems to improve, for is becomes more appreciated. Actors and audience are on first-rate terms with each other, and the enjoyment of the occasion is mutual. On Saturday night there was a very largo attendance, though it was not equally dis tributed ; the stalls aud pit claiming the greater part of it. ^ The effect of Mr. Weston's presence in the semi-circle displayed itself in a livelier vein of fun^ and a much smarter fire of repartee. He evidently has been bred to a business which was new to Mr. Campbell. The three comiqu&i; are now on equal terms, and one can understand the conjunction on the playbills of ' Weston, Hussey, and Kelly.' They are a triad of oddi ties, all as different from each other as can be, and yet somehow they fit each other admirably. What -has been said of the poetic man and woman may be specially applied to these three types of Jonathan, Pat, and Sambo. ' Thev are not lilc« in litn Vinf. liko in diffe rence.' The elements of the future American native may be seen in them ; and the blend ing of their humours into each other is a stud}'. Mr. Weston himself shows the Yankee underneath cork and curls. Mr. Kelly carries the reflection of Ould Ireland. in his face, and if he has pretty well divested himself of the brogue, he has still an Irishman's ready wit Mr. Hussey personates Sambo so well and so naturally that he must sometimes half 'think he was bom south of Dixie's lino. To see them all three together, as in the new programme they commenced on Saturday, is a far higher treat then any that has yet been derived from their separate performances. The programme itself was another sign of progress. The farce of ' Les Miserables' is nearer to the farce of the ordinary stagC than either the ' Dramatic Agency' or the 'Ghost in a Pawn shop.' It had the defect of employing only two chief characters and making all the rcs't dummies; moreover the sequel was rather abrupt. Still there was a dramatic framework to it, and tho actors themselves— Hussey and Weston— might be trusted for highly flavoured details. Mr. Weston has had experience as a comedian, and his fluency in that line serves well where a contrast is required to the very broad humour cultivated by Messrs. Hussey and Kelly. 'Southern Flirtatious' ought to be mentioned as a novelty in which Kelly and Holly introduce more of their inimitable dancing. The programme now on is exceedingly varied, and in some parts it is above the average of even Westoniau cleverness. Guinea Gkass.— As illustrating the difficulty which some experience in successfully raising this grass hero we have seen a letter addressed by Mr. .J. Ilance, of North Terrace, on January 29, to Messrs. Ilackett, which as the result of ex periment, makes a suggestion as to the time of sowing. It says: — 'I send you herewith a specimen of Guinea grass, grown from seed purchased at your establishment in July last. I bought several packets, and gave some away, but the parties did not succeed in raising any. In July 1 sowed a quantity; but none of it germinated. I tried again in the middle of August, when two stalks appeared, which induced me to make a third attempt about the middle of September, when it came up quickly and produced about a hundred plants. It was sown in pots in u greenhouse. It should not, I think, be sown in the open ground before the 1st of October. I have given away several of the roots, and have, unfortunately, had many more destroyed, but Lave still between 30 and 40 left. They have not yet seeded, but I find some of the blades exceed three feet in length, and appear very nourishing.' Bazaar at Koohixga. — A bazaar was held in the Grammar .Schoolroom, Koonnga, a short time ago, ou behalf of the Parsonage Repair and Church Endowment Funds of the Church of England. Music and singing by lady and gentlemen amateurs at intervals added greatly to the enjoyment of both sellers and purchasers, and formed a pleasing feature in the programme, and the success of the whole- affair exceeded expectations. The weather on two days was highly favourable, the attendance very nu merous, and the stalls were presided over by Mesdames Barker, Dashwood, Rosman, Young, Moody, Batcholor, Goodhart, and White, and the Misses Stftuton. The first day's receipts were nearly £80; the total proceeds being over £200. .This -result, considering the depopulated aud dreary state of tho Burra, was a huge sum. Great credit was due to tho ladies for their labours before aud their exertions during the bazaar. Church of England, Goolwa.— The Southern Aiyng states that 'the Church of England. at Goolwa is now approaching its completion. The building itself has been finished for some time, at least that portion which is considered sufficient for the present requirements of the congregation. It presents a very neat appear ance, and when completed according to the original design will form oiio of tho prettiest churches un the country. A somewhat un common but most praiseworthy plan has boon adopted in the erection of this building — nothing has been done until the money has been raised for the purpose, so that, although the \ total cost has been over £1,000, only a very trifling liubility has beeu incurred. We belicvo it is exjiected that tho Bishop will formally consecrate the church in about a month.' Pkninsula Flood.— The rain appears to have fallen much more heavily at Moontu in the early part of the week than at Port Wallaroo. Several houses on the Moonta Flat were inundated with water to the depth of two or three feet or more, and the inhabitants had to beat a precipitate retreat, when, from the ground being covered with water, they encountered considerable danger from the liability to fall into costeening pits. Several houses and shops in George-street had also water standing two or three feet deep in them, damaging tome goods, and causing great incon venience. George-street is described as having' been covered with water, deep eifough to float a boat in some places, anil tho stream poured down it at the rate of four or five miles aii hour. This was cauFed by a very heavy shower that lasted nearly .an hour, during the whole time the rain coming down in torrents. At Kadina the rainfall seems to have been rather more moderate, but the streets of the township, whereon a lower level, presented tho appear ance, for some days, of a succession of small inland lakes. A considerable expanse of water remained for some time on the Wandilta Flat. At Port Wallaroo the rain came down steadily, so that it either soaked into the ground, was caught in the tanks, or ran away into the sea without causing any disturbance. We notice that in some places the grass has already begun to spring in consequence of tho rain. — Wallaroo Times. Correspondents' English.— What relation ship exists between the Ashwell correspondent of the Jinny!/) and Mesdames Malaprop and I'artington, or Mr. Coglin, we cannot say; bat the subjoined partakes a little of the stvle of each. The meaning is as easily discovered if the punctuation be disregarded as followed :— 'Tho weather is extraordinary. One day a roaster, uext stifled with blinding dust, while under pressure the body moves a living compeer with the afternoon's contents of a brewer's mash-tub. Our friend, the rain, paid us rather a hasty visit on Tuesday last, and although scouring a little over two inches to the gauge, was amply suf ficient for the turn of tho tables. Though ploughbov's rain seldom amounts to a miracle, but when tho freehold slips away, and standing boundaries are: removed by the force of water along tho dam, the first time seen, it staggers the present generation, while unex pectedly rose the flood, like a mighty giant laying claim to tho berth of its ancestors, and sending to the rightabout all the numerous intruders that crossed its path, paying due respect to the unmoveable wells met with here and there by filling up to the brim with the spoils taken in his journey, while every tribu tary from the east and surrounding hills joined as lieges in the rush, and logs and. lumber rolled on. inf mookery, laying contributions on the moveable farm stocky and the. lands under stratum, and as they passed pressed onward all before them as intent on the errant i-f a fresh sujjerstructure '' on the lower' plain?.*1 ' ^UTHERN^HIRVEST.— The Strathalbyn paper Bays:-^' Wheat s^pl' seems to come into Goolwa in 'corisderable7 quantities/ keeping the small sailmg-'-'boafeCwett' Employed.- The farmers on Hmdmarsh- Island ..appear to have had good iverage crops,- imd .we: do not hear of much grumbling,; wJuqK , is a very fair criterion. The Bovernment have recently altered the tariff on lie tramway, in order to assimilate it to that )n the Port fine is so far as regards wheat and lour, which' probably will in some measure iffect the trade- but although tho general rato s considerably, lower, tho extra advantages are }y no means so great as under the old tariff.' CRICKET.— On Saturday, January 22, a match vas commenced between the North Adelaide iwung moiis ana ooum Australian Clubs, on the ground of the latter. The former was first at the wickets, and when the sun set wore still in, having made 138 runs ; Colton who was iu for three and a half hours, scoring 39. On Jauuary 29 the latter commence*! their innings under discouraging circumstances; they however suc ceed ;d in making 70, F. Morchaut 25, aud W. S. Samson 22,' batting well. The Young Men's team went in again and wore all put out for 58, when the sinking of the sun stopped further pro ceedings. The fielding and bowling of tho South Australians was poor. As thero was not time for two innings each, tho match has been decided by tho first in favour of North Adelaide. Tho following are the scores :— North Adelaidk Young Men. Umpire, Beevor; Captain, Milkird. 1st Innings 2nd Innings. W. P. Joyner, runout ... 4 b. Warburton 11 2\. S. Leader, b; Anderson 10 b. Marchaut 11 T. Colton, b.Marchant ... 39 b. Warburton 1 E. G. Millard, b. Anderson 2 b. Samson ... 5 \\. Crooks, b. Marchant... 1 c. Dutton, b. Warburton 8 E.G.Phillips, b.Marchant 22 c. Davies, b. Marchant ... 1 \\.. 0. Mullen, c. Christie b. Samson ? 16 b. Warburton 10 kV. Phillips, run out ... 4 b. Warburton 5 \\. Scott, c. Wilson, b. Samson ? 6 not out ... 1 iV. TarJton, b. Anderson 8 c. Dutton, b. Warburton 0 rl. Addison, not out ... ft b. Warburton 0 Byes, &c; ? 21 Byes, kc. ... f- Total ? 138 58 Grand total ... 190. South Australians. Umpire, Townsend ; Captain, Marchant. *V. S. Samson, b. Scott ? 22 \\\T. Warburton, b. Scott ? 0 3\. Anderson, b. Scott ? 3 7\. Marchant, b. Millard ? 25 i. G. E. Warburton, run out ? 0 t. Davies, b. Scott ? 0 -. I). Green, b. E. G. Phillips ? 1 '). Mollor, b. Leader ? 10 \\\\. Aldwell, run out ? 5 I. Dutton, not out ? 0 kV. McMiim, c. Colton, b. Leader ? 0 Byes, ic ? 4 7o Dn Saturday, Jan. 29, the conquering match was llayed below Montefiore Hill between the Young Australian and Stepney Clubs. The former wore the first in, but were soon disposed of for 52 runs, A. E. Harrison making 9 and James 8. The latter Club, after steady play, made 10(J runs, W. Travors scoring 3ti and Whitridge 19. Tho fielding of the Stepneys was superior to the others, and the bowling of Randall for the Young Australians was good. I). Bi-ice and W. 0\. Whitridgo were umpire and captain for the Stepneys, and Bagot and A. Simms for tho other team. A match was also played on the South Park Lands between nine of tho Prince Alfred and fifteen of the Victoria Clubs. The Prince's in their first innings made 43, Bannister taking 19 and batting well. The others then made 39, Rowell getting 9. The bowling of Bannister and Sexton for the Prince Alfreds and of Rowell for the opposite side was good. Bannister was captain of the Alfreds, and Hilton for the Yic toriiins. [From Saturday's ? Evening Journal.] Thk Ministerial Cujcts.— The following circular has been issued to a number of members of the Assembly supposed to be Government supporters: — 'Attorney-General's Office, Adelaide, January 28, 1870. ' Dear Sir— I shall l-e glad if you will attend at the ? Committee Room of the House of Assembly on Monday next, the 31st, at 12 noon. ' Your obedient servant, H. B. T. Strangways.' Thb MILITARY.— We learned on enquiry of thc.sigent this morning that the Claud Hamilton sailed' from Melbourne oh Thursday afternoon, and consequently' she may be expocted hero in the1 course of tofday 6V to-morrow. She brings the detachment of the 18th Regiment, which will bo stationed in Adelaide, and will take the omcers aim men. of the. 14th Kegimont. one is advertised to sail for Melbourne ou Monday afternoon. The.', long-cipected changes re specting the troops are therefore on the eve of accomp'HBhmeiit; They ; will riot, however, in any way affect the Control Department. BAnofeA GOLD.— The Mnyip says:— 'Mr. Geo.' Wilcox purchased ^during tnc week nearly £400 worth bf Barossa gold. One lot purchased yesterday/ in three bars, 'weighed 10£ ozs. each. One crushing realized 13 ozs. out of eight tons of cement. Mr: Springbett sold 28 ozs. on Thursday. During the past three weeks Mr. Wilcox no* purchased upwards of £700 worth of gold, which will be displayed in his window to-day. . . Pilgrim's Progress.— Mr. A. Bameveld gave his lecture in the Teinperence Hall, North Adelaide, on Thursday eveniag, and at the Gouger-strect Academy oil Friday evening, Jan. 27 and 28. The address was illustrated by magic lantern slides, «nd on each occasion there was an attentive audience. A variety of other views were also shown, and those present ex pressed satisfaction with the evening's enter tainment. Evening . Classes. — More than once classes have been begun for young men who are en gaged during the day, but are desirous of ex tending their acquaintance with some branches of knowledge hitherto neglected. These for the most part, from one cause or another, have not been very successful; but it is pleasing to notice that another attempt is being made by gentle men thoroughly competent to carry out what they undertake. It would be well if many young men who, to say the least, are not so well employed in tho evening, would avail themselves make in another column. A poor fellow having with difficulty procured an audience of the late Duke of Newcastle, told His Grace he only came tottolicit him for something towards his support, and a-i they were of the same family, both being descended from Adam, he hoped he should not lie refused. 'Surely not,' said the IDuke, 'surely not— there is a penny for you; and if all the rest of your relations will give you as much, you'll be a richer man than I am.' A cat licked the face of a Jady in Brownsville, and died a few minutes thereafter from the paint which he gathered from the rosy cheek. Let all young men take warning from this sad catastrophe. $§? Messrs. Townsend, Botting, it Co. have desired us to direct the special attention --f Merchants, Brewers, Grocers, Jamnmkers, ( 'on- fectioners, Storekeepers, and others, to their ?sale of Finest Mauritius Sugars, being the Entire Cargo of the Laughing Wave, from Port Louis. -The Sale, will take place This Day, at :he Mart, at 12 o'clock. gS* The undersigned, having purchased, under deed of assignment, the Entire Drapery Stock of Waterloo House, Wallaroo, amounting to Two Thousand One Hundred and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Fourpence (£9,113 16s. 4d.), at a discount of 34* per ceut., or about 7s. in the pound off wholesale prices, are now clearing out the same without reserve. The Stock was purchased from the best wholesale houses in the city, .and will be sold considerably under their prices ; therefore the community will find this an opportunity of, purchasing such as rarely occurs.— Jno. Ballantynb & Co., 38, Eundle-ytreet. 352cs ^ The Globe Hotel and Cafe'.— The Proprietor, determined to Bpare no exertion to promote the comfort and convenience of his patrons, and to increase the accommodation avail« able to the public has completed arrangements for the opening of a first-class Cafe, which win be open daily. Breakfast from 8 to 10, Dinner from 12Jto 3p|Iea from 5.to 7.^. 0,.Cw^ floprietr' ? ~' ' ' ? '*//' ?'?'?;' ' ?'?:?-'? ; ' ' ? ! ' ' '? 3 