BEEFS, AND RHYMES. Mypensirepublio wherefore look bo sad; I bad a gruuamoUier, sbo had a donkey To carry to the mart her erockeryware ; And when that donkey looked mo in tbe &-Y-, U is face was sad, and you arc sad, my public. Bfjected Addresses. Launcoston, June 12, 1870. To the Editor of the Cornwall Chronicle. Sib, — The first portion of my letter may npt seem, to have anything to do with my subject, so I beg to give1 your readers notice that unless they mean to read the whole of the letter they better leave off jiere^ I have adopted the ' saw'' of 'the A.-rgus that they always put above their leaders as a sort' of ante apology for any lies they are about' to state in the article, viz. — ' I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list.' Whether people always speak the truth when they stand in the place where conscience demanas it, I do not kaow. Perhaps a reference to the doings at the Supreme Court for the last fortnight mi#ht assist any one in forming a conclu sion, or a letter addressed to my f: iend Sir Francis Smith, at the Magpie and Stump, Hobart Town, would perhaps obtain tbe desired information ; he knows a thing or two, though I might say with a few of the poor wretches on whom he laid his Forsler'mg, hands last week — A\Tiat care I how fair bo be, If ho be not fair far mo. I am happy to state that I hare no conscience ; I found it a great nuisance when I came to these colonies, so I raffled it among twelve clergymen ' as the pro perty of 8 gentleman having no further use for it,' and I have got on very well without ever since ; it was a great bother to carry about with me, and even if I put it in my carpet bag it was always getting foul of my boots or brushes, or something or other ; I know that no one in Launceston could do without one, but use is second nature. One of the chief characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon race is a desire to acquire land or landed property. Animated by this acquisitive bump, about seventeen years ago I attended a land sale in Vic toria, and became the fortunate possessor of an allotment 40 feet x 160 feet in Selina-terrace, with a frontage to a rirer and a commodious right-of-way at the back. I had no more use for the land than I had for Bogatsky's Golden Treasury, or the best bower anchor of a full-rigged pliip, but nevertheless I bought it. I baa only seen the plan, which looked very well. Several steamers were painted gaily on the river passing my allotment, seemingly about every ten minutes. On one corner lot there was a church of the early Gothic style, for spiritual refresh ment, and on another lot was a neat public house for spirituous ditto. I may hpre mention that I found out after that the whole of these improvements merely ex isted in the , brain, of _the draughtsman who drew the plan, the entire navy of the river being comprised in a cattle-punt. However, I bought the land, and, hike a well-known land purchaser a couple of thousand years ago, I must 'needs view it.' I accordingly called on the auc tioneer, who politely said he would send a clerk to show it me, but warned me that the land was rather swampy. This I was prepared for, as he had stated when selling it, that the only fault with the land was the difficulty in fencing it, the soil being so rich that post- und-rail fences took root immediately, and'sprouted so quickly that you had to walk about your property with a handsaw to keep the growth down. I accompanied the clerk, and we at length arrived at where the allotment ought 'to be. The auctioneer was right; it was Bwampy — in fact we had to get a boat— and after borrowing two poles which were too short, I got one about seventeen feet long, and proudly touched my own property. The auc tioner was undoubtedly a truthful man ; he spoke the truth, but assuredly not the whole truth. The lot had certainly a water frontage, but he neglected to men tion that it had' also a water backage, and a water each-sidage, and a water toppagej in faot, it was a perfect teetotallers! heaven 4 no intrusive Mr Dix came for the water rate. I never had, as I havo had to do in Lauoceaton, to com plain of the vi ater not being- ' turned on ;' it was turned on iu my allotment about two feet sis in the summer time, and about nineteen feet in the winter season. The auctioneer also said the title was perfect ; I believe he spoke tbe truth. I never found any one trespassing during all the years I nave owned it. I did once see a dead bullook floating over it, but he was in too advanced uetageof decom position to be responsible for his actions, and I thought it would appear uoneigh bourly to impound him. A friend of mine told me it was just the land for rice growing, but I dou't like rice, and I never could meet with any one who understood the cultivation of that festive cereal ; however, I caught at the idea, and in my will .bequeathed the laud, together with a bootjack, and four of Paul de Kock'e novels to the Society for the Conversion of. the. Chinese, as a prize to the first China man, after my decease, who repeats the Thirty- nine Articles without a mistake. Now, what has all this to do with reefs and Thymes P exclaims some fool of a reader who is too impatient to read first, and make remarks, afterwards, as Jack Bunsby said,.' The moral of this '.ere is in the application of it,' Why did I buy this land P I did not want it ; I was not rich. Iiell you Ibought it, because in those days a land sale was not a bald business transaction ; it was enlivened' with lus cious ham, with delicate cold fowls, dainty sausage rolls, and the gurgling of pale ale, and the popping of champagne was drowned by a brass baud, hired for the occasion. Music and her eister'Song have always had charms for me— 'So Orpheus sung of old, or poete lie, And as tuo brutes were chann'd, e'en so an) I.' I had hauled, and fowled, and sausaged, and ale-ed, and champagued,' when the in/ernal band struck up, ' Home, sweet home.' I immediately began to think how lonely I was; I thought how delightful it would be to own land of my own, I wouid marry, I would plant fig-trees for my wife to gambol under, I would plant a vine aud sit under the shade of it, &c;, &c.; I was in too sentimental a mood to bid very high, but just as I was going to leave off bidding, the band struck up ' The night tbat Larry was stretched.' This fired my 6oul, I was determined to hare the allotment, the auctioneer, I believe, iu vulgar language, 'trotted' me ; I cared not, I would have the land, and I got it. I believe if the catalogue had only been in verse I should have bought ten lots, so sensitive am I to tlie charms of music and poetrv. A band on those occasions hud an influence on everyone ; those who were soothed like myself ' by concourse of sweet sounds,' it drew gradually into purchasing, while those who had no music in their souls and were not charmed, &c;, used- to get so savage that I actually re member one man, I think he was a Pres byterian clergyman, that got so wild thnt he bought the allotment on. which the baud were standing for the sole pleasure of kicking them off it. What then were my feelings the other day when I dis covered that mining, so vulgar a calling, generally, had wooed and won the muses, was charmed ; I saw at ocee that even tbat coarse occupation might be made poetical. ' A voice cried through the starUod air, ElCELBIOK.' How sublime ! and what a glorious title for a company, how considerate of the directors of the company, to choose such a soul-breathing name ; how much better than taking some of the appellations cur rent in Victoria; if the voice had cried through the startled air, ' Roothojor die,' or 'Donkey-woman's United,' it might have been two much for the air, and have startled it into fits, but Excelsior completely won me. I have hitherto kept clear of mining companies, but I could not withstand this; shades of King David, Tate, and Brady, and Catnach flitted be fore my eyes; speculativeneBs and confi dence were smeared over me like apple sauce over goose, the scales (£ don't mean the sort used by cheesemongers) fell from my eyes, I rushed to the office, and hav ing some trust money belonging to some orphans, I applied for the whole of the shares. This it seems was impossi ble ; the Directors wanted some, and I could only get three quarters of them. At first, I was disappointed ; but, on reflection, I was not sorry. I should kave been lonely with a company all to myself. I should have had to throw chairs at myself, and punch my own head, call myself a liar, and do lots of things belonging to a directorship that would be irksome. Tasmania has, in deed, strode ahead of the other colonies. I have been in all of them, and never yet saw a mining prospectus with poetry at the top of it. No one; I believe ever thought of such a thing. It reminds me of the story of the unfortunate man who was taken prisoner by a wicked, blood thirsty Corsair. For sixteen ^ears (says tbe book) he kept his victim in a loath some dungeon, without food or drink, when one day, a lucky thought struck him— he opened the window and got out. Why the world has so long neglected the aid of poetry in selling shares is now a stupendous mystery to me. How differ ent might the affaire of the L. & W. Railway have looked if the prospectus had only been headed with a verse from Dr. Watts. The very name Excelsior is also such a happy thought. I have read Longfellow's poems, and, though I don't understand it, I admire it very much. Perhaps Longfellow himself didn't uuder Btand it when he wrote it I was always fond of anything sensational ; even when a boy, I have spent many a sixpence in the new cut, to witness at the theatre the soul-stirring drama called ' The Frantic Corkscrew, off the Bloody Dagger of the Eddystone Lighthouse.' Now Excelsior is full of mystery. . A misguided young man suddenly appears from nowhere in an Alpine village ; he undertakes to climb a high hill, late at night; in his hand he carries (hot a prospectus) but a 'banner with that bold device1' ; he is warned by several respectable people that he'd better not i one tells him about a rotten pine tree and an avalanche, but he does not care a tinker's anathema ; even a young woman, who rather indecently requests him ' to stay and rest thy weary head upon this breast,' is repulsed (perhaps he was afraid of an action at law) ; finally he gets to the top of tbe hill, and then seems hardly to know what he wanted there ; after this, in true theatrical style, he puts himself into a penny plain and twopence coloured attitude, and gives up the ghost ; the next morning some Monks nose him out with their dogs, and as bis linen is not marked with any name, rifle bis pockets, confiscate his valuables, and bury him decently. There is no doubt it is a very touching history, I always sympathised very much with that young man, I ought to tell you how nearly I missed reading the advertisement of my company. Fond as I am of poetry. I have been taken in so often by L. L Smith's' advertisement, which invariably com mences with 'Though fools scorn Hy men's gentle powers. -fcc.,&c;,' that seeing the line of poetry* I was afraid it was a Pill instead of a gold-mining company, and instead of finding bow valuable, the ground was. I expected I should be in formed that ' there is a great saving in purchasing one of the family boxes at 8s. 9d. ;' and in the place of the. revered names appearing as Directors, I imagined at the first glance they were testimonials to ,the efficacy of the pills, which are generally in this style :— „ 'Sie,— I was, through my own car'eless nesa. cut in two at Ditcham and Button's saw mill ; cured with two' boxes.— Your's, &c;, J. M.' Sib,— I imprudently bought a case of brandy by auction in York-ntreet. I after wards drank it, and was then seized with great depression, loss of spirits, 4c Hear ing of your invaluable pill, I was cured by one box.— Tours, Ac, C. W. Bib,— Some years ago I made a voyage in a. vessel commanded by Captain Mul lock ; the ship's provisions disagreed with me, and although the captain kindly placed at my disposal the whole of the medical comforts (which consisted of two pounds of Epsom salts and a pestle and mortar), I was so .emaciated that I went a«hore through the starboard hawse hole. Hearing of your invaluable pill, &c;, &c;— Your's, «fcc, T. W. Now, although the Excelsior Company has made a great stride, and as no com pany, could go astray with Pegasus in a tip-cart, and the nine muses with a shovel each, still I say why not go further ; why should music not be added to poetry ,- why should not the prospectus be set to music, aad sung by the Directors in chorus at the Mechanics' Institute. Our wives and daughters couid then partici pate in tbe pleasures of mining. Fancy a solo by the Manager, stating iu a buffo song that the quartz had gone nine penny weights, followed by another solo by the Company's Solicitor (accompanied by his partner on tbe violin), singing his bill of costs, and drawing tears from the audi ence in s pathetic appeal in (Aflat) against having them taxed. Business and plea sure might be thus pleasantly combined, and mining be made at last one of the polite arts. We must, however, be con tent, perhaps, with poetry to commence with, and as other companies will un doubtedly follow up the idea, I take the liberty of suggesting a few suitable verses for the heads of prospectuses : some are grave and some are gay, accord ing to the temper and constitution of the promoters. ' Will you walk into iny office, said tho spider to the fly. Will you, will you, &o.;' ' Bide a cock-horse, And to Waterliouse cross, To see a sharebrokcr's last gold hobby-horse, With rings on his lingers, his thumb to his nose, Ho will find flathcads wherever he goes.' ' Promoters you should never lot Tour angry passions rise, Fcrsuasiro tongues were norer made To d ? n each other's eyes.' ' How blost is ho who no'er consents, With sharebrokers to walk, Nor stands in Brisbane-Btrcot and schemes With Iiampson, Dyto, or Chalk.' ' Eock-a-by Spooney, pay and don't stop, When the gold's struck, tho cradle they'll rock, When the gold stops, the Company fall, Anddown come promuters, and Spooney, and all. ' Should these few specimens please any of the proposed companies, I shall be very happy to treat with them, or I would compose an acrostic on the names of tho Directors, if requisite. I remuin, yours truly, TOM THE PIPEB. 