a COUNTRY NEWS. AT the Sandhurst Circuit Court, John Gallagher was found guilty of making a false declaration in applying for an allotment under the 42nd clause, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour, subject to the decision on a point raised by Mr. MaTtley .for the defence, that the Legislature couid not by a retrospective enactment make that a crime which' at the time the act was done—the making afalse' declaration —was not illegal. Bail was accepted. John Freeman and John Payne,'for'breaking into the shop of • Frederick Ntegel, *nd Stealing: tobacco and pipes therefrom, ; -were' 'each- sen-, tenced to three years' impriBonment frith 'hard ' labour; and, on a seeaM'chtugeS' of attempted highway, roobbery and 'Sshootihg with infent to kill a Carrier named Petter-ftfttrfa^yon' the Seyt i mour road, Freeman *W afenV't!o 1 gaol forkeven years. SamueV Kiii^latb^iinty Jcourt "bailiff, Sandhurst,-was 4^nteHe^40''twO'W>nthB' imprisonment for embezzlihg ! £44 Odd, which he nald received rn the aiwAiarge-of-his duty. and ' while he was Suffering from a long course of drinking. An aboriginal, named Davy, was found guilty of manslaughter, having in a drunken 'row at Echuca killed an aboriginal woman named Kitty, and he was sentenced to six months imprisonment. Ah Ching, for receiving and uttering two cheques stolen from the shop of Messrs Goudge and Sibley was sent to goal for three months. or fcfee'iiiobWisltUs * 11 S: "-' n * t , ci WisWs ir-itif; -*cf t- • !. OIF Friday week, the school-house at ( .Flpti Fj'ySrt^ iw'twyedhy firei ''The^SJJJ ing b&s; not b^n ilong erected, and «ost -It Is'Jbelieved ^hat the -calttmity was Caueeij' 'gomeirteendMfry."' •/•:•. '." < >!'«:., .. • THE *thSld of jtfe^wiah Crortin, a land select™ of Mount' Wllliatnj reoently wandered inS ijush and was lost. • ! ; ' T, • Thk iPeiiola Correspondent tif ttie Momt 0™ ; bier Standard says Wiata fe» bf'theTesidetitjd' Penoia have been tfiarking. out "for themsel,? 'blocks of land at and: near lAke Mundie iiLj oyer r -jthe Bfffder, w'ith-a settling thZl noder the new Victorian' Iflnd regulatiojij. J A- HAN named Frost, employed as an oversu>l to Mri H. N. Simson, Beeoh worth, was shotT j Friday week. on the Station; by the took. 21 was brought into" Beech worth HoBpital, when tZJ ball was extracted. 1 ' He fra's, however, lost ; use of one eye, but his life itf saved. THE Beechworth Brainch RAilfcay Comoitijjl met on Sutnrday, anil decided to accept the o%1 made to a deputation the other day by the Go. I vermnent, arid steps will be taken shortly to] form a company and appoint a provision] directory. ' I ONE civil case was tried at the Belfast Circuit I Court—Stephens versus the Shire Council of! Belfast, for trespass in making a road. Messrs, 1 Wrixon and Molesworth *ere for plaintiff, an] I Messrs. Fellows and -Adarnson for defendant), I The case occupied the whole of.' Saturday. V a< diet for plaintiff,-£220 damages. MR. DALRTMPLE, of Ballarat, who was TE.1 ported dead, is a good deal better. He U at the hospital. ' . " ANOTHER of the pioneers of settlement in Australia has passed on to his eternal rest" wfiteg U)e M. Jl)or TimeSi « Mri Jame8 died at his residence, at the Wild Duck on Monday UlTntt/li.n evening; blFflninn' at nl-. a M quarter nlla.fl). past 6 o'clock, C ..'..I - j at the age of 81 years. Mr. Egaft came to the ] colony 35 years ago, and some time after his arrival he settled on the Major's Creek, where he'' followed the occupation of a squatter, and dig. pensed hearty hospitality to all who happened to l visit his homestead. Mr. Bgan waB a native of ] King's County, Ireland, and was generally re. garded as a fine specimen of the old Irish i tleman, whose friendship was always worth much more than his enmity, a man whose hospitality J was unbounded, and whose word was as good u-j his bond, and he was consequently respected by; all who had the pleasure of his acquaintance; He was buried on Wednesday last, and a l&rge; number of people from all>partsof the district followed his remains to the Heathcote Cemetery." THB Kyneton Observer blames the authoritiej 1 for not stimulating the exertions of- our volunteers, by yearly settiagiapart a fair sum far the purchase of trophies, and the giving of money prizes to be competed for by the various corps.; It also urges that an encampment should be hell tnis year. THE store of Mr. James Bell, of Shank hill, 16 miles from Geelong, was-broken open on Saturday morning, and goods to the value of £30 abstracted. AT the Belfast Circuit Court the following sentences were passed—Maddox, burning fences, three months ; Dr. Radforth, manslaughter, on account of his age and feeble state of health, was sentenced to only three months' imprisonment; Patrick Kane, larcency, three months'. The Crown entered a nolle prosequi in the case of Mary Smith, charged with manslaughter, and Bethune, charged for forgery. Two severe accidents happened at the steeplechase at the Miners' Taces, on Friday week, Dalrymple, who had'a terrible fall, is now lying at the Ballarat -hospital dangerously ill with cun< cussion of the brain ; and Mr. Bowes, who rode Babbler, had his ieg crushed .and two ribs broken.. ON Thursday morning, (states 'the' KyntUm Gvardian\ihe men employed on Me»srg,Meagher nd Co.'s contract for the construction of the queduct in connection with the Cnliban water supply scheme, made a formal demand for the initiation of the eight hours 1 system'-'upon the works, and this being : refused, struck work. Nearly 200 men have thus refused to work. On Friday, the men employed oil Messrs. Monie and Robertson'8 contract for laying the syphon at Back Creek, also «truck. We are informed that tbis action was taked at the instance of delegates sent up by the Melbourne Eight-hours League. ON (Friday .week, a party from Long Gully betook themselves to the haunted house in Golden Square, Sandhurst, in order to >' lay " the ghost On opening a cupboard there was found a garment .of linen formed like a shroud, painted a ghastly , white,^tnd having a pair of wings at the armholes, which had evidently been placed in concealment to do service when required. THE escort from the mountains arrived in Mansfield on Wednesday week, and left on Thursday morning. • They took with them nearly i 5,000 oz., of which more than 1,200 OK were front Mansfield. -. TA* . Beaufort Agricultural Society's show is fixed for ,10th March, and the Eddington 'Society's exhibition for the 23rd of the same montb. Ir is reported that the Traralgon bridge, on the road between Melbourne and Sale, is in an unsafe 1 condition for traffic. . Ma. J: Mow AIT is said to be about to visit Engand for two years, and that' during.his absence from 4>he colony Chats worth will be occupied by Mr. Ibbotson, of Geelong.-. -.'.} A *OY named William Palmer was-thrown from.his horse on Sunday, at Everton, near Beech worth. He fell npouhis headend brofce nn neck. THB,favourite Ashing and picnicing ground of the residents of;Geaong,at Bream,Creek,hu not e«caped the-pegs of the *elector», and ev«n the twoyroads have been: marked off. V i? _ TiutiPxiitoral Tinas lainents that s there -is no firat-daw hotel at Deniliquin. and «dvdcates r tbe establishment, aCta 'dub for the conV«(uence of the eite of 4iireririei»clety; T .rffT-n ' 1 OThb Wednesday;: lralf-holiday,7establiabed at ale recently byjemployfirs xit labor, !bas faliea through'from tte'indi&&ence4;>f.fcoth ;»art)£i to> ieaiirEngemettt, ^>0}ti«r :akiiieithing'huoocdnrred atCaltlehiaine.'>nA >m?.-fj o) oiioi!i«'3 ioir••-IL.^, -j : -r • --, n*i,.<J •nw As old trmrnnrbed Smith fired ib ^he »Ww ech worth, on Saturday night, from exhaustion ought nn by exposure A TotwG aboriginal feihale named' ^ophii, lis dergoinganrgical treatment at the Denllitiujin ospital, for a, frkotpre bf rbrie of her legs, used by playing with some picinihhies fn e woolshed on.the station Zara. • ' , The Hamilton Spectator • reports the .d^ath, Oav 'ndish, of att interesting, little ©k aimed ten Dofole. ^'j^fe liid'gnn'diso'ttoe SiV^r M . 11 to pet a dto'l^ and not returning. opse, was SQrightforby t%mother,"iwhea^tie ^t mift her t&niifmf; thed^'ifcody her little daughter ,floating ion the-water. .' A little boy, named Nankervis, was burned deathat Dayieafordoii Saturday,' The fflofchter ent out .'of; jgte, lioijse.for Borne wa,ter, leaving e child oa'^de/and' tlie!'door: open. ' Thei-e as a fire, in the room; and the sufferer terenred it in the mother's absence, found apiece f paper, and set hisdfeBS in a blas^e. i ElizIbf.Th' Blakey 'wsui arralgAed at tie astlemaine Circuit Court, on Monday, on the harge of having murdered her husband, tit ailor's Gully, Daylesfof-d. • She was fouiid \- : lty of manslaughter, as the itiry tx>nsidferdd e was in danger of her own life at the time.j At the adjourned inquest held at Spring Gully on Saturday, on the remains of the child Treloar, who was accidentally poisoned, the jury found a verdict to the effect that Robert Treloar died from the effects of aconite, given to him by mistake for cinchona (the latter prescribed for him by Dr. Mackay), and that George M. Dorman was guilty of gross neglignece in not removing the label "Cinchona" from the bottle before filling it with aconite. The jury considered that the evidence adduced was not sufficient to warrant them in finding Dorman guilty of manslaughter. There was no blame whatever attached to Dr. Mackay. THE Gipps Land Times points out that owing the lateness' of the crop, and its siiddeniy oming to maturity-by the action of hat Winds, he fruit has been ripened too rapidly, and cohequently is not wholesome. Several cases of 'spurious crpiip" have occurred in 'the, neieh- -urhood within the last few days, and a medical fcntlemen of the town says that lb almost every 'risxance he can trace the cause to disorder .of ..the system brought about by eating unwholesome fruit. • " ' • . " . . : ' The Tarrangoiuer Times reports a fire at the Springs, whereby a quantity of wheat. rye, straw, tarpaulins, sacks, and other property was destroyed. A man named Wilson, had been winnowing at the spot, and a box of wax matches was found on the ground after the fire, which Wilson lactcnowledged belonged tohi.m. . The fire teems to have occurred through WilsohVcarelessness, 