OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENCE. London, 3rd.December, 1869. THE QUEEN'S VISIT TO THE CITY. Monday, the 6th November -will stand as a great day in the annals of the City of London. The Queen visited tho city for tho fourth timo during ] . soign, and marking un intorval of oighteon yo . sinco tho citizens woro similarly honoured, hut I r presonco of her Majosty -was not so much apprécia -' for tiiis spociol occusion ns for tho indication it gi ; bf breaking through her lengthened retirement fr public ceremonies, which lina so longbeontho subj of comment, and oven dissatisfaction. Groat proporntionB woro mndo -for tho opening , tho now bridgo at BlncUriurs, but tho form was nu as brief as possiblo. Tho Lord Mayor mot i , Majesty upon tho bridge, and prosentod un addr without roading it. Tho purport of the documi ?was to .welcome hor Mujesty, and explained that i growing traffic of tho city rendored incronsod acco " modulion nocossary, and thut such had boon provid ly tho construction of tho now bridgo and viudu Although not read, an answer to tho address v roturnod-but not road. It oxpressed liorMujost pleasure nt again visiting thp City London, and recognised tho spirit of onti prise arid improvomont which had _ o\ characterised tho citizens. An illuminât book, containing un account' of tho bridge, v, offered to and accepted hy tho Qucon. A proci rion was formed and moved through tho ei towards tho viaduct. Upon tho Quoon's arru thorc, a volume, descriptivo of that w-ondorful n: useful construction, was presented, nnd hor Majos passed over in a western direction. Somo idea tho timo ocoupiod in gelling through ibis introdu tion of public improvements may be gathered frc tho fact that tho Quoon arrived in London nt ha past ll o'clock, and loft Paddington for return Windsor at 1.16 p.m. Notwithstanding tho visit was so short, t warmest wolcomo gr coted hor Majesty, and 8 Boomed to have boon greatly pleased with tho rece tion she received. Tho Into Lord Mayor Lauren has been rowordod with a "baronetcy. NEW 13i.Acxrimiis BIIIDOE. The now Blackfriars Bridgo just opened conflit of a live arches of "wrought iron, surmounted "by richly adorned cómico and opon wood parapet, tl centre arch being 18G foot spnn, tho two interm dinto arches each 175 foot each, and tho two side arch each 1S5 feet span. Tho piers aro of granito. Ti width of the bridgo is 75 foot, divided into two foe paths of 15 foot each, and a carriage road of 46 foot Tho viaduct gives n lovel rond from Nowgnt strcot to Holborn, and is a marvellous accomplis mont in modorn improvements. Tho depth of tl valley, now so ensily crossed, is host imdcrstood l a glance from tho massive bridgo ovor Fnmngdoi stroot ; and wo wonder only so much good had m hoon offocted long sinco, for wo loam that nino yea: ago 20,770 persons passed up and down Holboi Hill during twolvo hours in ono day; and four yen; lntor tho numbor of vehiclos passing up and down i ono day was 0134. Houionx "VIADUCT. Tho viaduct was acarcoly brought into uso bofon gwwt intorost was excited by tho discovory of crack in tho granilo pillars supporting tho bridgo ovc .Fnrringdon-slroot. Dofocls have been admitted, bi: an official examination results in a report to th Court of Council that thora is not tho eligidas danger of tho safety and Bceurity of tho bridgo boin impaired. Tho investigation ' continues, but th traffic is not in any way impoded. OTIIEU CITY IMI-HOVEMENTS. Somo idea of other city improvomonts may _ gathered from tho amounts raised by tho Corporatio of. London within tho lust fow yours :-Tho nai Mont and Poultry Markothas cost £1,000,000 ; th purchaso of Southwark Bridgo, £200,000 ; robidld mg Blackfriar'a Bridgo, £350,000 ; and tho Holbor Vnlloy Viaduct and approaches, ¿¡2,100,000. T.nnn MAYOH'H TWV November is tho month -when civio dignitaric » LIvo to bo tho show natl gozo o' tho timo. Tho retiring Mayor won his honours within, a fo\ days of his ceasing to bo My Lord, and loft tho chai: to his successor, who, if ho aspires to a titlo, mus invent a dovico to catch it boforo lils turn arrives, t anticipate obscurity. Tho Lord Mayor's day afforded tho usual motro politnn sight for rising "YVliiltingtons, but was some .what marked by tho copious showers of cold wato . poured upon it by naturo ; but notwithstanding tili tho accession of Alderman Bcsloy to. civio powo passed off most satisfactorily.. Mr. Glädstono wo prosont nt tho bnnquot given in tho overling, am spoke of Ireland in torras that aro remarknblo fo doleful and mournful confession. Ml* GJJVDSTONE'B St-EECIt. Ho said i " My Lord Mayor,-You have boon told and told truly, by my noblo and learned friond neal mo (tho Lord Chancellor) of that harmony ant .unity which porvado tho minds of thoso amone .whom wo live, ard it ia a satisfaction and comfort tc think that in this island, of which nenrly tho whole of us ure natives, bul ono sentiment prevails willi respect to tho Soveroign, tho laws, and tho institu tiona of tho country. But do not lot us sock a false consolation in binding oursolvos to that I Lot us but _ cross tho channol towardf that island with which wo havo beor BO long united in politicnl and legislativo bonds, and to which wo aro bound by nil tho most sacred obli- gations; and how melancholy it is that in tho fuco ol Ulis groat assemblages- in tho fucoof thoso roprosonta Uves of foroign countries, whoso commendations ol us have boon so eloquently oxpressed to-night-we should bo compollcd to confess that in Ireland, which wo havo governed for sovernl hundred years, ovor which wo have exorcised at ovcry pciiod almost an unbounded power, wo havo not yet fulfilled tho very first .conditions of a civilised rind well- conditioned community, and havo not yot "brought tho people F heart into harmony with our laws and institutions That is tho simplo fact which lends mo to fool war- ranted in Baying that as nil Governments must rely on your encouragement and bog your forbearance, wo must, abovo all, tendor to you this requisition. Wo havo boen called into ofllco in connection willi that important crisis in tho affairs of Ireland-that crisis in which tho mind of tho people of thia country is now addressed moro seriously than per- haps it over was boforo, dealing with that problem ana milking ninnful and resoluto endeavours to BOO whothor it may not nt last bo in our power to put an end to that which has boen tho opprobrium, tho speck, on tho fuir fnmo'of this country in tho sight of tho world for so many generations. In Ireland, my Lord Mayor, wo must not disguise it, wo porcoivo a stuto of socioty politically diseased-a pooplo of noblo capacity, of quick susceptibilities, whose» heart notwithstanding, in too many cases, docs not bent with that warm and livoly attachment, eithor to tho authomtativo law which wo BO familiarly and so gladly rccogniso on tilia sido of tho channol. Now, my Lord Mayor, painful as it is lo confess it, but I think if English- men havo a merit it is that thoy novor sook.to ludo what is faulty in thoir condition, oithor from thorn solves or others ; painful ns it is to confess it, wo aro bound to confess that oven this very year has been marked in Ireland by u sad augmentation of thoso agrarian outrages which, occurring as thoy do in a oountry singularly freo from a gonoral tondonoy to crimo, acqulro a painful notoriety, und atriko at tho heart of Englishmen n deadly chill. What inny bo tho causes of this incrcaso of outrage ? It might bu prematuro and it would bo ilifilcult to say; but ono thing I know, and I would con- voy it to tho minds of thoso who uro connected with thoso Bad atrocities ; lot not thoso who perpo trnto thom aupppso that*Unit is tho path by which thoy aro to attain to auccoss or legislation for tho ro moval of jrrlovnncos. On tho contrary, ovoryono who lifts his hand to harm his neighbour in Ireland nt Ulis moment is not only, as ho alway B was, morely guilty boforo God and mun, but ho is, boforo nil tilings and libovo all things, tho enemy of tho host intorosis of Iiis country. My Lord Mnyor, wo aro glad and thankful to bo cheered on by yon in what wo all must fool to bo a noblo task, wnilo wo do not disguise our inudcqtuoy fo ifs duo porlbrmnnco, namely, tho ondcavour to givo to this country that strength and unity which m n. largo portion of tho community il already possesses, but which wo havo BtiU to doploro in considerable part. Irolnnd still forms a dread and melancholy exception. For that end wo.sholl labour, encouraged and cheered by tho generous support wo havo rocoivoil nt tho hands of our follow-coiuifí}'.*non." THE TKISII Dn-ncut/rv. Such a Iaclirvmoso icWoiluclion ut a festivo cele- bration evjijpnfjy provf« .tho ghoBt present to tho Premier's vision oven at tho banquet. Boing j Macbeth, ho might with truth have said Thou can'tt not say I did lt ; norer shako Thy gory looks ot mo. Thnt Iroland ia tho ghost of tho present Admini tration it -would ho impossible to dony. Tho di establishment of tho Irish Church was a step in tl right direction, hut tho increase of disaffection amor tho Irish pooplo is used ns an argument hy tl ¡ Opposition against Iiis measures. His difficu tics givo riso to oxultation among his enemies ; hut 1 places were changed at tho prosont crisis, wíi could thoy. do to minister to tho minds of soeiei politically diseased ? THE FEKIANS. Tho refusal of tho Government to ' release tl renions now in prison has divided thoir ndvocati into two parties. Ono ÍB for giving up tho agit) tion for tho prcsont, and tho other for continue oxertion. Tho English Amnesty Association hov made a decided hlundor in endeavouring to prei thoir cnuBO hy withholding tho rovonuo derivod fro tho consurription of tobacco. They advise tl pooplo of Iroland to abstain from tho uso of sovon excisable articles, and most particularly tobacco, is proposed to abstain from tho uso of tobacco in ax form until all tho political prisoners shall bo rolcaat ; from custody. Tho romans holiovo thoy hare achieved a gre! I victory in tho election of Jeremiah O'Donovnn Eosi as mombor for Tipperary, hut tho Buccess can ord , bo regarded as nominal. It is estimated that thei aro 10,800 voters in tho county, hut only 1132 vot( woro recorded for "Eossa," and 1030 for tho otht i candidate, Mr. Heron. Many voters Baw ri necessity for going to tho poll, and others aro b< lioved to havo absented themselves from foar < violonco. It is understood that the conviction < " Itossa" for troason- ielony in 1806, and presont irr prisonmont, must disqualify him from sitting i Parliament, although his name has been official! announced in tho Gazette. NevoriholesB tho oloctlo lins given excuso for tho wildest oxoitoment an demonstration. "Eossa" was declared olectod h tho High Sherriff nt Clonmol, on tho 27th Novemhoi A Mr. Gill return od thanks for "Eossa," and said th election was intended to show Mr. Gladstone th indignation of Tipperary nt his refusul to roleoso th Fenian prisonors, and added " Liberato our brother! send Rossa back with the olive branch, and we will throw them back again the seat for Tipperary ; if not, we will go from county to county, we will put in Luby: and Mulcahy, until we have materials for a real Irish Parliament." It is stated that "Kirkham," one of the liberated convicts, is to be put in nomina- tion for Mallow, when Mr. Sullivan goes to the vacant seat on the bench in the Rolls Court, and that Captain Mackay, who is still in prison, will be pro- posed for Longford. A demonstration, in honour of tho memories < Allan, Larkins, and O'Brien, oxocutod for tho murdc of Sorgoant Brott ut Manchester, hus boen observe in DuWin and Cork. Thoso who took part in th commemoration woro grcon ribbons and othc national omblemB. Mumer and dastardly 1111001 oro still of frequent occurrence. KINO LEOPOLD'S VISIT TO ENGLAND. I Leopold,- King of tho Bolginns, wns vor; warmly received on tho occasion of his visit to Eng land. An address of wolcomo, signed by" 30 Mayors, Lord Lioutonnnts, and other nuthoritio! was presented to his Majesty nt Buckinghnra Palnci An nddrcss of Volunteer Commanding officora ha also hoon presented, nnd a banquet was givon i his honor by tlio Lord Mayor, nt tho Mansion Houst BlUTK or A PttOiCESS. Tho Princess of Wales gavo birth to a daughter o Friday, tho 26th ultimo. Tho family of tlio Prim of Wales now consists of two sons and thu daughtors. NEW PEERS. Eight now poors havo been gazetted. Tho titlo t tho Earl of Southesk in tho peerage is Boro Balinhnrd ; Earl of Listowel, Baron Haro ; Lor Edward Howard, Baron Howard ; Eight Hon. J. W Bnrbn"Äi ¡"Tur? jfàMSTÏ&A;?^^ Cr. O. Glyn, Boron Wolverton; Colonel Grovill Nugent, Baron Grovillo. ST. PANCJIAB WOUKIIOVSE DIBCLOSUKES. A vory painful investigation, made before Di Lankcstor, tho coronor, has olicited ovidenco tend ing to show how death has hoon acceloratod hy th condition of tho sick wards of St. Pancras Work house. Tho testimony of witnessos proved that th wards wore overcrowded and badly ventilated. Th jury gavo a verdict to that offoct, and oxprosscd ni opinion that tho infirmary hatl boon avorcrowdoi during tholnst throo years, and desired to oxpress thor regret that tho Poor Law Board havo not onforcei tho sanitary measures which they have from timo t< timo recommended to ho carriod out ; and thoy rda< fool that tho Boord of Guardians failod in their dut] towards tho parishioners of St. Paneras in no carrying into offect tho recommendations of tho Poo; Law Board. It is understood that tho authoritiçi will now comply with tho suggestions of tho Pooi Law Board. Mn. PEAIIOTIY'S DEATH AJÍD FI'NEIIAL CEREMONIES All that romains with us of him who lovod hil fellow-man, and lived to soo how much good coule ho dono wliilo a man holds his lifo and gold nt thc Hamo timo, bas boon troatod with woll desorvod rovo ronco nnd respect. Tho body of Goorgo Poabodj .waB placed in a temporary gravo in Wostminsto: Abhoy on tho 12th of last month. Church and Dis- sent gat hared under tho ¡same roof to do him honour. Tho Quoon showed her nnxioty hy proposing a per- sonal visit to him athis residenco, but ho Bank bot'ort hor Majesty's intention could ho carried out. Thc funeral procession was followed by a long lino ol carriages, including thoso of tho Queen, tho Prince of Walo*, trjp Lord Mayor, tho Sheriffs and TJndci Sheriffs, Sir C. Lnmpson, Mr. Charles Eood, M. P., Miss Burdett Coutts, tho Amorican Minister, Lady Franklin, tho Duchess of Soinorsot. Mr. CharloE Eood, M.P., and Sir Curtis Lampson woro tho chic! mourners. Tho collin was mot nt tho door of tho Abboy thc Eov. Lord John Thynno, tho Sub-dcnn, tho Eov. Canon Nepean, Archdeacon .Tönnings, and tho choir. After tho first- portion of tho sorvico had boen road tho procession reformed, followed by tho Primo Minister, Loni Clnrondon, Genoral Groy, Mr. Helps, tho Lord Mayor, and Sheriffs. Tho portion of tho burial sorvico appointod to bo road at tho gravo was dolivorcd by tlio Eov. LordJ. Thynno, and appropriate piceos per- formed by tho choir. A beautiful cross of whito camoliiiB had boon placed upon tho coffin us it lay in tho gravo, tho plato on tho saíno boaring tho inscrip- tion :-" Goorgo Peabody, Esq., born 18th Febru- ary, 170Ô, ot Danvors, Massachusetts. Died in London, Novombor 4, 1800." A telegram by Atlantic cabio stntoB that during tho time of Mr. Peabody's funoral in London, demonstra- tions of mourning woro made in Boston and othor Amorican cities. Tho Bishop of Loudon preached a funornl sermon at tho Abboy in momory of tho docensod on tho 11th ultimo, heforo n largo congregation. It is intondod to romovo tho romains of tin's worthy philanthropist to Portland, in tho Stato of Maino j nnd for this lionourablo offico her Majesty's ship Monarch, a turret ship, has boen selected. Sho is of tho most rocont construction, nnd is ? probably tho most powerful vossol in tho navy. Tho vossol will bo joined by ships of tho Amoricnn squadron, nnd is expected to gail on tho 8th instant. In crood tho Congrogntiunnlits chum Mr. Peabody ns a ' mombor of thoir ordor ; in honovoloiioo ovory mun could claim him as a lover of lu's kind, and rccognizo in him ono who hold out his hand, until ho could close it no longer. Notwithstanding his liberal gifts diu-ing his lilolimo it is understood that his executors (Sir Curtis Lampson and Mr. Charles Eood) aro to pay over to tlio trustees of tho Peabody Donation Fund for tho dwollhigs for tho poor ol London tho sum of £150,000 making tho whola amount givon hy him for tho purpose £500,000. Wo cordially echo tho prayer of tho London Afedical 2Y«ir» and Chizettc, " Heaven rest hiB son!, and «end us many like him." OlllTUAltY. Tho death of Viscount Canterbury is recorded, and tho death of Mr. Justice Kayos, junior Jndgo of tho Court of Cluoons bondi, is announced. Also flint of Mndamo Grisi, tho cclobmtotl singor, IB reported ; sho died nt Borlin ofter a few days' illness, arising from inflammation of tho lungs. TlDLNOS Ol' Dil. LlVINORTONll. At tho opening nicotina; of tlio" ltoynl Geographi- cal Sooioty, on tho Dth Novombor, Sir Eohort Murchison road somo vory interesting loiters from Dr. livingstone), dated July, 1808; bat since mooting a tolograra. from tho Governor of Bom' ' has boon rocoived by tho Socrotary of Stato for In dated Bombay, November 22:-"Lettors rocoi I from Dr. Livingstone, dntod TJjiji, 13th May, 18 satisfactorj'." ZEALOUB RELIOIOUB MOVEMENT. A series of church sorvicos, intended to produci spoeios of rovivalism, by no moans unoommon ai practico amemg somo dissenting bodios, have bi hold in tho metropolis. Theso special Borvicos hi become popularly known os " tho twolvo di mission," and as a mode of stirring up roligic zeal aro roportod to havo boon productivo of g ' results. Somo of tho churches havo, however, b exhibitions of oxtromea that are ropugmrnt ; Protestants. _ Tho sónicos nt St. Alton's woro remarkable, p I tieularly at tho closo, for such extremes, portion of tho church was Bot apart nt an oven Borvico for ponitonts who presented themselves [ ronow their baptismal vows. "Wo a.o told that al somo confessions had boon hoard at a small box i tho corner of tho church a sormonwas preached, ii tho special objoct of tho sorvico was explain Candles woro blessed at tho altar. Shortly afi lighted candios of thin wax woro brought out, i ' each penitent, to tho number of nearly five hunch mon and women, held ono of thom while a poniti 1 tial hymn, was sung. Tho minister, addressing i ponitonts, said :-" This is indeed a happy tit You uro in tho prosonco of God, a stand liko virgins with their lamps trimme« Ho thon said, very slowly and solomnly :-" yon hero, in tho prosonco of God and 3 congregation, renew tho solemn promise and v< i that was made in jrour nonio at your baptism, rn ' fying and confirming tho samo in your own perso: and acknowloding yourselves bound to believe n to do all thoso things which your godfathers a godmothers then undertook for you." To this thi was aloud responso of "I do; " and tho othor rpi lions woro answered in nn oqually determined mt nor. Af tor this tho elorgyman wont to tho altar, a was vested in a splendidly embroidered capo, was joined by othors. A procession, accompanied banners, moved round tho ohurch, tho 600 men a boys, women,und children following, and each can ing a lighted candió and singing tho appoint hymns. "Whorl tho clorical part of tho procossj had roached tho chancel, and tho ponitcnli had gained their places, tho blessing was pronounced, a tho candios having boon simultaneously blown o tho congregation disporsod. ECCLESIASTICAL MATTERS. Wo aro likoly to havo a Suffragan Bishop in_ Lc don-tho first for 200 years-on tho application tho Bishop of Lincoln. Tho Dean nnd Ohuptor of Exotor havo clootod 1 Templo by a majority of 13 to G. Tho Rev. Her Hayman has boon appointed to tho hoad mastersl of Rugby School. A correspondence botweon tho Bishop of Linc« nnd Dr. Tomplo has boon published, in which I Bishop of Lincoln asks him to disclaim all rcspon bility for tho book (Essays and Reviews), oxcopt far as Ids own part of it is concorned, and mnk declaration of his faith. Tho spirit of Hr. Tempi reply ÍB no retraction. Ho sayB : " If I was tong to whnt you demand, I Bhould lay myself open fresh demands." A vory sovero illness soized his Graco tho Arc bishop of Canterbury on tho 10th ultimo, and several days tho greatest anxiety was manifest Ho is now, however, considered out of dangor, a is slowly recovering. TUE CECUMENICAL COUNCIL. Tho Popo has written another lotter upon f Bubjcct of tho attendance of thoso who dissont fr« him in faith at tho (Ecumenical Council. Ho " lcai that somo of thoso who dissent.from our faith he BO understood thoso words (referring to lotter Soptombor last) as to boliovo that no way is loft op to thom of making known tho difficulties which kc thom separated from tho Cotholio Church, and U almost all - approach to us is cut off. But so far r wo. tho vicars upon earth, although unworthy mm -wu« ^»...v. «A, o"vo umj. -v,.^^ ^."g iost frc repelling them in any- v«vy -wno t"..ur, i.i,"i.-^o &v; go forth to meet thom ; and nothing do wo scok I with moro ardent wisliCB thnn to bo ubio to stretch o our arms with a fnUior'o lovo to «my ono who sui roturn to us, and nover certainly havo wo wished imposo schomo upon those who, misled by thoir ed' cntion, and behoving thoir opinions to bo rigl think that their dissent from us rests upon stroi arguments whioh thoy wouldjwish to bo oxamined 1 wiso and prudont mon. For although this cannot' dono in tho Council, thoro will not bo wanting learn divines, appointed by oursolvos, to whom they mi opon thoir minds, &c.;" VicTOit, EMMANUEL. Tho King of Italy, "Victor Emmanuol, has bei Buffering from nn alarming illness; and waa beliov« tobo so near his end as to rcquiro tho sorvicos of a co: fessor. It is snid that tho priest, boforo absolving tl ICing, told him that it was necessary ho should mal abjuration of tho offonces which ho had coramitt< ngomst tho church. His Majesty roplicd-" As Christian, I havo lived in tho faith of my forofathci and am proparcd to dio in tho samo ; ns a Kin] . imitating tho oxamplo of my forefathers, I hai dono what my conscionco as a sovoroign commande mo to do for my country. I havo always distil guished my obligations as a King from my duties i a Christian. As a King I have no abjuration to mnk Tho_ _ priest confused hy this repl; administered tho Sacrament, hut on h roturn to Pisa ho was blamed, and enjoined o pain of Church consurcs, to return to San Rossor« and demand tho abjuration. Tho priest obeyed, an returned to tho couch of tho King, nnd delivered hi message Tho King ropliod, " If you como hore f speak to a Christian of Iiis approaching end, I wi liston to you willi calmness and with gratitudo; bc if you rcquiro to speak about politics, my Ministei aro in tho next room." At ono period tho conditio: of tho ICing was supposed to Icavo no hopo o recovery"; but ho is now BO far restored that ho lm boon nblo to loavo for Floronco, whoro ho WOB reçoive with great enthusiasm. THE FIIENCH POLITICAL SITUATION. . Tho French Chambors woro opened on tho 20U ultimo by tho Emperor in person. Liberal measure aro promised, but tho progrnmmo is not sumptuous M. Rochefort was arrested on tho Bolgiam frontior whon entering Fronch torritory, in ordor to appear unexpectedly, at a meeting nt BoUovillo as a candi dnto for Paris. Tho Emperor's ploasuro havinj boon ascortainod, rolcaso and safo conduci wa« mado out for him during tho whole period of tho olectiona. Tho specohes reported ai dolivorod by M. Rochoford show him to bo an irro concilablo; indood, ho ÍB said to havo declared thal ho should merely toko' tho oath of nllegianco to thc Empire to ovorthrow it for u Republic. Ho hos boer olectcd. Ledra Rollin refused to tako tho oath to thc Emporor, and withdrow from tho oloction. TUB CHOWN OP SrArx. There is no important movomont in Spain. Thc Govommont appear uncertain what courso should bc adopted. It ia said tho Duko of Genoa would not nccopt tho Crown. THE OTENINO or THE SUEZ CANAL. Tho oponing of tho Suez Canal on tito 17th idtimo waa a grout suocoss. Tho Vicoroy, tho Empress oi tho French, tho Austrian Emporor, tho Princess ol Prussia, and tho various national representativos woro prosont. Largo vossols havo boon pnsscd through from son to eon.. M. Lesseps has boen crowned with honours; roligious coromonics woro hold, and everything was a ( triumph. Tho ooin morcinl part of this gigantic- undertaking now stands for tost. Tho coat of construction is enormous. Tho inaintonanco will involvo a ßTcnt oxponso. How is tho toll pn vcssols to support it in futuro Y Tho Sultan was not presont ut tho oponing of tho Canal. Tho Sultan ana tho Khudivo havo not como to terms. An ultimatum is spoken of with ton days for consideration. Thu Zcvant Herald givoB tho toxt of tho Vicoroy's roply to tho lust latter of tho Grand Vizior. It scorns reanectfulby to urgo that . tho point minting lo tho authorisation of loans should ba reconsidered, us it would bo prejudicial to Egypt. WHECK op TUB ROYAL STANUAUD. Nows of tlio wreck of tho Royal Standard, bound for Molbourno, has renohed hero. Sho cloarcd out from Gravesend on tho 12th August last,Willi about 28 pikssongors, making with tho crow about 80 pnr BoiiB in all. Tho vossol was dismasted on tlio 30th Soptombor. Sho was ¡ml undor jury-masts, and tho captain steered with tho intention of roaching Rio Janeiro ; "but just boforo daylight on Sunday, tho 10th October, nnd when they supposod themselves far from land, tho ship suddouly stranded on a sand Í hank running from twenty to thirty miles off Capo St. Thorne, about 150 miles from Kio. Thoro was only I ono boat (tho cutter), and tho captain decided on I sending tho women a'nd children ashoro, ns thoy could soo a long low const of sand about Bix miles off, called tho I'urngo. _ Twenty-throo persons left in tho euttor, but a lino of breakers pravontcd thoir landing, and it was found impossible to regain tho ship. On their benching tho boat, Mrs. Dum mott and her five daughters and Mrs. Lawrence and Mrs. Stoddart wore drowned. Aftor much toil and suffering over about fifteen miles of arid sand, tho roinninder reached a misorablo negro hut, and hy tho negro woro on tho following: day taken to tho c8talo and residonco of tho viscountess Azurnamo, through whoso hospitality they reached Macalio on tho morning of tho 13th October. Captain Clarke, wifo, and child, and twenty-ono of tho passongors and crow were taken off tho wreck by tho Brnzihan brigantine Camponoza; and another portion of tho crow nnd passengers found their way to Rio Janeiro on tho Portuguese ship Amelia. Tho captain of tho Amolia ordered a second attempt to rescue thoso still on tho wreck, nnd sent his long boat and nino Portuguese, two of tho crow of tho Royal Standard volunteering ; hut this boat did not succeed in getting alongside tho wreck, for tho captain of Cte Amelia was forced by his passengers to haul awayfrorn tho odgo of tho'bnnk, and conse- quently had to abnndon not only tho \vreck, but his own men in tho boat. Fortunately, tho boat found a safe landing on tho l-l til. Tho romainder of tho crow and passengers, twclvo in number, loft tho wreck on a raft ; tho raft was blown out seaward, they were exposed all ono night to a cold rain with heavy seas occasionally breaking over thom ; in tho morning thoy woro fortunately taken up by a Bra- zilian schooner, carried to Ipaponna, ond landed ; from thonco taken on to Rio Janeiro, and, lastly, brought to Falmouth and Innded from tho Brnzihan mail steamer City of Limerick. The Government colonial policy is oxciting much discussion in tho London papers, and meetings havo boon held deprecating tho present mode of legislating upon tho subjoct. 