ARRIVAL O E THE MAIL. The intelligence which this mail has brought us is of a sufficiently-exciting nature to satisfy the most ardent cravings for sensa tionalism. The trumpet of war has been sounded, and the fray has already com menced between two of the most essentially millitary nations in Europe. The ill-advised attempt of Marshal Prim to place a Prussian prince upon the throne of Spain lias furnished the match which has set fire to the combus tible materials which have been accumu lating in Europe since the battle of Sadowa. The French have never looked kindly upon the centralizing policy, which the successful issue of the strugge with Austria enabled Bismarck to carry out ; nor is it any mat ter for surprise that they should not. The absorption by Prussia of the lesser states of Germany rendered it necessary that France should place herself in readiness to resist any attempt at encroachment on her frontier ; hence the military preparations which have from time to time excited so much surprise and alarm in the different courts of Europe. The greater portion of the English press expresses disapproval of the manner in which the French Court demanded the permanent withdrawal of Prince Hohenzollern as a candidate for the throne of Spain, but when it is remembered how much blood and how many millions of money have been spent by England solely for the purpose of adjusting the balance of power among the great powers of Europe, we do not see how with any degree of consistency the French can be blamed for objecting to the establishment of a rival power on both sides of them, and insisting on an assurance of the entire aban donment of such a scheme. Supposing Ireland and Scotland were independent nations, how would England brook the idea of the reins of ; government being held by a IB rench prince r We fancy such an arrangement would meet with quite as energetic an opposition from the English Government as is now displayed ; by France in regard to the Spanish crown. | As we have at present only imperfect infor mation of the opening of the campaign, it would of course be premature to speculate upon the probable issue of this struggle. Both sides are well prepared for war, and the opposing forces are pretty evenly matched, although it is generally admitted that the advantage, if any, is on the side of France. Doubtless the next mail will bring intelli gence of some important and decisive engage ment. Till then we may profitably turn our attention to the consideration of matters which, though perhaps less exciting, yet more intimately concern our religious and national interests. The dogma of Papal Infallibility, as was expected, has been carried by a large and overwhelming majority, much to the chagrin of the special correspondents of the English press. The Protestant press is teeming with calumnious misrepresentations of the manner in which the majority was obtained, some of which, as a matter of course, have found their way into the columns of our daily press. The London correspondent of the Advertiser says the Jesuits have done it all, and that the majority of the Fathers voted for the definition because Rome was getting too hot for them, and is exceedingly angry that the " tyrant " majority did not succumb to the minority, who, of course, in his opinion, possess all the learning and intellectual power. The Register reproduces, from the Pall Mall Gazette , another pleasant little fiction with respect to the Archbishop of Bologna, as follows : — " Great consternation and anger was excited by a powerful speech of Cardinal Guidi, Archbishop of Bologna, against the Infallibility. He was carpeted and severely scolded by the Pope." One would imagine from this that when the voracious (?) corre spondent wrote this paragraph his mind was still influenced by the recollection of a recent encounter with some old woman — who knows? — perhaps it was his grandmother. If so, the adoption of the story by tho Register is easily accounted for. However, in regard to the truthfulness of the state ment the Vatican of the 16th July observes : — " Two Bishops, one French the other American, have said publicly that in the reports of the Council furnished by Protes tant or unbelieving correspondents at Rome there has hardly been, frem the beginning, a single true statement. Among the blun ders and fictions of the English. Press none have been more impudently unver acinus than those which have appeared in the Pall Mall Gazette. The latest fiction of that journal about Cardinal Guidi was a climax of inven tive art. The whole story proves to be absolutely false in every particular. The Cardinal never said a word against the doc trine of Infallibility, and, therefore, a fortiori the Pope never used the language which the Roman correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette (if it has a correspondent) had the indecency to attribute to him. A journal of Bologna, the Ancora, quoted in the Univers of the 10th instant, publishes the Cardinal's own words at the head of its columns. ' A letter of our most eminent Cardinal- Arch bishop Guidi," says the Bolognese journal, 'has been, graciously communicated to us, from which we are happy to extract the fol lowing passages, which will, serve as a reply to all calumnies and false misrepresentations which the revolutionary press has been pleased to circulate against this honored personage/ ' Not only you may,' writes his Eminence on the 1st of July, 'hut you ought to announce that, in my discourse addressed to the Council, I clearly demonstrated, maintained, and defended the Infallibility of the Supreme Pontiff speaking ex cathedra , as I always held and defended it, and as I will hold and defend it, with the help of God, to the last moment of my life. The Conciliar secret forbids me to say more. The time will come when I .shall be able to publish the whole truth/" "Bolognese," adds the Ancora , " for the present this great de claration. of our venerated pastor is sufficient for us." The special correspondent of the Tablet thus describes the scene at the close of the debate: — "As the Bishops issued from the Aula most of them, by a spontaneous impulse, threw themselves on their knees at the feet of St. Peter's statue to give thanks. All will he over by the middle of next week. Our own Archbishop's joy I need not describe to you. It is, like all those who have voted as he has, too great for words. The close of the discussion on Monday, of which the telegraph will long since have carried the news to every country of Christendom, is of course the only subject of conversation. It was scarcely looked for till Wednesday, and took all by surprise when about 10 o'clock in the morning the return of all the Bishops, from St. Peter's told of some unusual pro ceeding. A number of French Catholics who were on the Piazza of the Minerva were unable to restrain their anxiety, and ven tured to arrest the progress of one of the returning Bishops and ask what had happened. 'The discussion is over, my friends,' he answered, "and God has accomplished a great work and triumph for the Church this morning." The news spread in all direc tions, and at the midday Masses, and all through the afternoon, kneeling groups were to he seen round every altar in extraordinary numbers rendering thanks for the happy close of the struggle the Church has passed through. All through the day the general joy was evident in all classes, and one saw groups of eager and exulting faces at every angle of the Corso, friends and fellow- workers exchanging congratulations. " The day of the Holy Ghost has dawned at last," were the words overheard on all sides. " I always said so." I heard a French Zouave say to his fellow-soldiers, as they were pass ing my window — " all we have heard so far has been the tuning of the fiddles, and very discordant, m.a foil some of it has been. How the ch'f-d1 orchestre has taken his place we shall have the grande musique." The comparison was as true as it was homely." Rome, however, is not the only country in which Catholic affairs present an encouraging aspect. A powerful reaction in favor of religion has taken place in Austria, of which a correspondence in the Monde furnishes some valuable facts. "As far," it states, " as an opinion can be formed at present, the approaching elections will give a majority to the Catholics, not only in the Tyrol, but in the Diets of the Yorarlberg, Upper Austria (Linz), Carniola, Salzburg, and Styria. In those of Lower Austria (Vienna), there will he a strong Catholic minority ; and even in the Diets of Silesia, Bohemia, and Moravia the cause of right and justice will have some energetic defenders." Everywhere immense assemblages raise the cry — " Gelobt sei J esus Chris tus." And at Ried and two other places, meetings summoned in the anti- Catholic interest have been completely trans formed by thousands of Catholics who were present. The same unanimity prevails at St. Polten. Gmunden, and Amstetten, and the " Catholic Patriotic Association," although it has hardly been in existence for a year already counts ten thousand members in Upper Austria alone. What, it may be asked, can be the cause of this sudden demonstration ? The National Zeitung of Berlin is good enough to tell us. " The advantage," it says, " which, the ' clericals' possess is this, that the Ministry observes a complete neutrality, and that, contrary to what has hitherto been the rule, the Liberals have not this time been actively backed up by Government influence." It would seem, however, that the abstention of the Govern ment is not attributable to any modesty on the part of its former favorites who call openly for repressive measures. The Linz official paper, says the Monde , has threatened the Catholics with the rigors of the law if they continue to constitute a majority in the electoral reunions. We suppose on the ground that they forcibly change the cha racter of the meetings. In other words, that it is difficult to pack the latter, and impossible without doing so to get the in tended resolutions passed. The Morgen Post says that " the successes of the blacks i.e., the Catholics) are dis quieting ; and that there is danger of their obtaining, if not a majority in the Reichs- rath, yet at least such a strength as will form the nucleus of an ultramontane party- there." As the Catholic peoples become educated to take their due share in the work- 1 ing of representative institutions, we may hope to see some decisive abatement of the scandal of the tyranny of infidel minorities. The same thing has taken place in Bel gium, a country which has so long been the prey of infidels and revolutionists. The question upon which constituencies went to the poll was one which is not devoid of interest to us ; it was to determine whether the law of 1842 on primary education was to be maintained or annulled. " This question," as the Bien Public of Ghent observes, "the electors have decided against Liberalism. They have pronounced condemnation on those fatal, anti-religious, and anti-social theories which seek to exclude God from the school in order the more effectually to banish Him from souls. Every time that Liberalism shall dare to show itself as it is, that is to say the enemy of Christianity, it will excite in our Belgium, always true to its religious faith, energetic hostility. It is because this anti- Christian character of Liberalism has been more or less clearly revealed in the assaults of our enemies upon the law of 1842 that we have witnessed this prompt reaction of the public conscience." That salutary reaction has been almost everywhere triumphant in the elections of the 14th of J une. The Minister for Foreign Affairs and two of his colleagues have lost their seats. Frere-Orban himself barely escapes the same fate. Six Catholic candi. dates are returned at Ghent. The seventh would have been returned also, had not the second ballotage taken place at so late an hour in the evening that all the country \ voters had left the town. The Liberals, as | the Journal de Bruxelles remarks, " have fallen under the weight of public contempt, and under a verdict dictated by the con science of all upright men." They are beaten at Ghent, Charleroi, Yerviers, Mons. Tournay, and even at Soignies and Liege, where, the Minister of Finance was onty the fifth- on the list. The defeat of M. de Brouckere at Mons, where he was rejected by a minority of 708 votes, though he was one of the most influential men of his party, and the return of the six Catholic candidates at Ghent, constitute a victory so decisive that even the organs of the late Ministry do not attempt to dispute it. " The annihilation of the Liberal majority," says the Independance Beige , " is something for the clericals ; it is a success, a great success, which no one ex pected, and which the clericals themselves were far from venturing to hope." A similar triumph for our Holy Faith has been won in France. "For many years,'' says the Tablet, "'the battle of Catholic education, or (as it is called there) liberty of instruction, has been fought inch by inch. Public school education is divided by our neighbors into three grades, ' instruction primary, instruction secondary, and instruc tion superior.' The battle for freedom began with primary education in the reign of Charles X. and the citizen-king, and it has now all but culminated in a triumph by the admission, on the part of the Senate, of the principle of freedom of superior education. A commission has been appointed, and several jrrojrts de loi are before, the House. Discussion and mature deliberation will of course be required as to. details, but the effect of the change of policy is certain to have the blessed result of depriving the Godless University, henceforward of the exclusive \- control and monopoly it has hitherto pos sessed over the " higher education of young U I I /vm « r. t /NiiTrrn -v» /! v K n a t-t- II I . „ JL X OIAOjLLUAOJul. JLjlUIIOOIC/1 V> OH Lty ulloIO >>111 UL cl clear stage and no favor for Christianity as well as for infidelity. Henceforward, there is hope that the rising generation in France will have some chance of receiving an edu cation worthy the name, not merely an apprenticeship to this or that profession. Heretofore, men have been made lawyers, doctors, engineers, officers, &c.;, by a process similar to that by which they are initiated into the art and mystery of carpentry or of bootmaking. But this is not education, and Frenchmen are beginning to find it out. The bitter fruits of those varies d'enfer , as M. Cormenin used to call the Government lycees, is but too evident in the existing state of French society. All that (there is reason to hope) is now on the eve of a radical reformation, and not a moment too soon. It is needless to say that success has not been won without a struggle. The education question has been the battle-ground of Christians, that is Catholics, and infidels, in France for the last half century. Liberalism has died hard, and has yielded only bit by bit. There is nothing your foreign Liberal hates and fears like liberty, when it is liberty for others besides -himself and his party ; most of all, when it is liberty for the Church. Y ith him liberty is not so much a principle as a tool or a weapon with which to work out his own ends or to crush opposition." The news from the British isles is also of a generally satisfactory nature. The Irish Land Bill has passed its second reading in the House of Lords. It will be seen from the letter of our Dublin correspondent Peter Banett has been acquitted of the charge of attempting to murder Captain Lambert. The enthusiasm of the Irish people in his cause has assumed a practical form, and already subscriptions to a large amount have been collected on his behalf. The debate on the Land Bill was distinguished by a remarkable speech from Lord Lurgan, who defended the Bill from an Ulster point of view. " The reason why all former legislation had failed was, he thought, because the Ulster usages I" O /-I /N !- L "? 'I ' 1 4 ncru uvb ueen recognized. le did not believe that the prosperity of that province was owing, as it had been the fashion to say, either to Protestantism or to manufactures, or even to both combined ; but he attributed it to the prevailing sense of security among i tenants that they would be paid for their goodwill as well as for their improvements. To the Duke of Abercorn's prognostications that if the condition of the tenant would be improved that of the laborer would be ren dered worse, he opposed the fact that the poor-rate where the Ulster custom prevailed had been at 8|d. in the pound, while it was at Is. 2Jd. in Munster. But he looked to the increase in wages to raise the status of the laborer, who in time might succeed in purchasing a holding and so directly reap the advantages of the Bill. As to the land owners, he was one himself, and was not pre- pared to become a political martyr, whatever sacrifices he might be ready to make for Ireland. He should not therefore vote for the measure, if he thought landowners were going to be ruined or robbed as some people thought they were." The Education Bill as it now stands con cedes much more to the claims of Catholics than in its original form. Mr. Gladstone admitted that Catholics could not certainlybe expected to give up their claim to " full de nominational education," and "it would be quite idle to propose that such denomina tional schools should be required by the jocal Board to give up their denominational character." He therefore proposed that rate- aided and voluntary schools should be kept distinct, and that the latter should be assisted by a grant from the Privy Council in the proportion of one-half of fhe nf such schools, instead of one-third only as formerly ; but, as a set-off against this, the building grants are to be discontinued at the end of the financial year. From this it will be seen that the English Government recog nises the right of its Catholic subjects to choose that kind of education which they think best for themselves, and to receive a fair proportion of the public funds as a grant in aid. Thus the question asked last week by the Wallaroo Times , " whether it is likely that Protestants will ever consent to devoting any portion of the public money to schools taught by Catholic priests or nuns," is answered, and we hope as satisfactorily to our contem porary as it is to ourselves. The most illustrious statesman of perhaps the most thoroughly Protestant country in the world has conceded to Catholics their undoubted right to educate their own children in their own way, and to receive that share of the public revenues which by their number they are entitled to. Is it too much to hope that the lesson will not be lost upon the Govern ment of this colony, and that our daily con temporary who so recently held up the new English Education Bill as a model for this country will do so again, and commend this feature of it in particular to the special attention of the Legislature. Mining-. — At the Wandilta shaft of tlie Wallaroo Mines not much ore is being raised, bat a new sbaft has been put down on the boundary near to the Eadina Mine and the lode has been cut there, producing green ore. — We perceive by the newspapers received this mail that tlie Yorke's Peninsula Mining Com pany lias resolved to find funds for working the Kurilla Mine. A meeting of the share holders had been lield, at which sanguine opinions were exnressorl as to fnf.nvo cn/inbaa — Wallaroo Times . . . I 