MY F R B E M I S E R A B L E FORTE. HISTORY was pursued by a monster, njea^^Hw verge of despair, he buried his bead in the I can sympathise with the late Mr. F., for I also am pursued by a monster. Day by day his form, convulsively folding an attenuated umbrella to his breast, waits on me. I am still beautiful though pale, but if this sort of thing goes on much longer, my beauty will be a thing of the past—a damaged cheek, to speak figuratively. But this is by the way. Where mv fellow men most do congregate, I venture a feeble joke on my friend with the M. F. He beckons me out, like HAMLET'S father's ghost, and I feel bound to follow. After two or three convulsive sighs and clutchings of the umbrella, he says, " Have I offended you ?" I say, " No, my dear fellow. What on earth made you think that?" " I don't know," answers my M. F.; " but I have marked how your conduct of late has completely changed towards me. I have never done you any wrong, have I ?" (Here he wipes away his tears with his umbrella.) I say, " No, old fellow; come, cheer upand he offers me his flabby In the hand, evening which I find I press. a note under my door; it runs as follows:— « Dear .—I am very miserable. You have been harsh. Fare- The next day he comes, sadder than usual. He tells me " He has lost one of his umbrellas, and that he has been up all the night thinking about it j have I any idea where it can have got to 1 It _ was a favourite umbrella, and worth when new nearly three-and-six." I tell him, " No, indeed! I have not seen it." Thereupon he weeps, and hugs his remaining umbrella to his bosom with frantic energy, and goes out into the darkness. By-and-by he comes back. He says " He was going home, only he won't nowhe wants to ask me a few questions. " Do I know anything of poison ?" I burst out laughing, and he gets up and goes. In the evening another note is poked under my door. » Dear .—I am very unhappy. I have not found my umbrella. Where can I get strychnine for rats ?" " Yours, ." A few days afterwards, his aunt's nepliew-in-law dies, and he puts on a black hatband, and wears his umbrella tighter than ever, and talks of the Yarra. I rally him, but h.e only moans, and looks into his I hat. make a joke, and he gazes on me with tears m his . eyes, and goes out. In the evening I find another note poked under my door— « D e a r .—You hurt my feelings to-day, and I had been up all night. Where can I purchase a clothes-line ?" A SALT OATH.—A sailor was heard the other day taking his affidavit. WORK FOB A SAILOR'S WIFE—To trim the boat. A NEW BREW—A publican in the suburbs " tapped his nose last Wednesday. 