TELEGRAPAIC DESPATCHES. BY SUBMARINE CABLE. MELBOURNE, Saturday. In the Intercolonial Race to-day, the first and second events were won by Harris; the third was a dead heat. Twenty thousand persons were present, and there was immense excitement. His Excellency the Governor presented a silvei cup to Lieutenant Gordon as the highest scorer in the Intercolonial Cricket Match. THE ROSTEB.—His Worship the Mayor will take his seat on the police bench this morning. Crrr COUNCIL.—There will be a meeting of this body in the Gouncil Chamber, at four o'clock this afternoon. THE GOVERNOR—The departure of His Excellency the Governor and the hon Mrs DuCane from Entally to Circular Head, which had been arranged for Friday, the 4th instant, was unavoidab'y postponed until to-day (Monday) in consequence of the necessity for holding an Executive Council on the case of Perkins, convicted of murder, and sentenced to death on Wednesday last. The Council will be held in Launceston early this morning ; and His Excellency and Mrs DuCane will proceed in the course of the afternoon as far as Deloraine on the journey to Circular Head- Halting at Deloraine, La Trobe, the Forth, and Table Cape, the Vice-Regal party will probably reach Circular Head by Friday next ; and after a few days spent at this extreme point of their North-Western tour, will commence their homeward journey. THE EXECUTIVE COUNCIL—The sentence of death recently passed upon the convict Perkins for the Glenorchy murder necessitates a meeting of the Executive Council, presided over by the Governor in person. As, however. His Excellency is now at Entally, en route for the North Western Districts, the Council will be held early this morning in Launceston, whither the Premier, the Colonial Treasurer, the Attorney-General, and the Minister of Lands and Works, proceeded by last night's mail. Other matters of public concern will no doubt be disposed of by the Executive on this occasion, besides the consideration of the sentence in Perkins' case. The appointments to be made under the Scab Act, which must be by " the Governor-in-CounciL," will in all probability be dealt with at the same lime. The Minister of Lands and Works will visit tbe Waterhouse and Piper's River Gold-workings before returning to town; and Ministers will avail themselves of their presence in the North to inspect the Launceston and Western Railway, now rapidly verging to completion. The hon James A. Dunn, M.L.C., remains in town as the Minister in charge of the departments during the temporary absence of his colleagues. THEATBE ROYAL,— There was a moderate attendance at this place of entertainment on Saturday evening, when Woman's Love was repeated for the last time, Miss Kate Warde as Kate Wyrt9ley. and Little Milly as Lady Jessie, being loudly and enthusiastically applauded. The sisters Downey in the musical interlude were again successful, and the farce of Loan of a Lover excited the mirth of all present during its representation. To night will be placed on the stage Bou' icanlt's Rip Van Winkle, which we are sure cannot fail to attract a crowded audience. A new farce is advertised for the after-piece. WORKIKG MEN'S CLUB.—In -will he seen by onr advertising columns that a concert will be given at the Working Men's Club to-morrow evening, in which the Sisters Downey will sing some of their choicest songs, and other well-known amateurs will take part. The fine band belonging to the institu« tion, under the leadership of Mr Curry, will also perform during the evening PHOPKSSOR PARKER.—It will be seen by an advertisement in this issue that the celebrated swordsman, Professor Parker—accompanied by Miss Annie Beaumont and Mr Walter Airey, the comic delineator—has arrived in Hobart Town, and will, as soon as arrangements can be made, present his entertainment, which has proved s-i attractive throughout the colonies and for some time past in Launceston ; the press generally speaking in the highest terms of their several aoi i'ies. Professor Parker, as a swordsman, stands unrivalled, he having vanquished with sword and bayonet all competitors who bave stood before him. His feats too are of a most wonderful description, cutting through a leg of mutton and a whole sheep, each with one stroke, as well as the celebrated Richard Cmur de Lion feat—cutting through a bar of metal—and Soldan Sal&din; feat of severing the searf. Miss Annie Beaumont, as a favourite serio-comic and ballad vocalist, is spoken of in the highest terms; and Mr Walter Airey's abilities are already too well known to need anj eulogy from us. We have no dou l 't whatever that the entertainment will be highly successful. GROUNDLESS RUMOUR.—A report of an unfounded character was current in the vicinity of the wharves yesterday, to the effect that two boys who had proceeded down the rivtr in one of Dillon's boats on Saturday evening had been drowned by tbe capsizing of the boat. On making enquiries we ascertained thit there was not the slightest ground for tbe rumour, and that the lads had simply not returned to to vn, prevented possibly by the heavy northerly gale which raged yesterday- PRIZE FOWLS—By the Maggie brig, which sailed from our port on Saturday afternoon for Napier N.Z., a number of prize fowls were conveyed, including-.— A pair of fine black Spanish fowls, a pair of game fowls and 6 Polands. The whole of these birds were shipped by Mr Dorsett, who reared them; they were all in good feather and in excellent condition. Prizes have been gained at different times to all of the birds at various poultry shows in Hobart Town. CRICKET AT OATLANDS.—It was recently proposed. we understand, that the Wellington Club should visit Oatlands on Thursday next to contest an amicable g-me with the local club. We now understand that many members of the Wellington Club will be unable to leave town on Thursday— although a general holiday. That is to be regretted as had the match been arranged it could not have failed to create more than ordinary interest. INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH—This match will come off on the Launceston Cricket Ground on Tuesday and Wednesday, the 15th and 16th instant. SAVINGS BANE. —The half-yearly meeting of tbe Managers of the Hobart Town Savings Bauk will be held on the bank premises at eleven o'clock this morning. SORELL CAUSEWAY.—'The extended time for the reception of tenders for carrying out and completing certain works at the Causeway expires at twelve o'clock noon to-day. THB CHURCH NEWS.—We have to hand the March number of this periodical, the publication of which was unavoidably postponed for a few days on account of the sitting of Synod As might have been antici a large space is occupied by the proceedings of Synod, and the Editorial article is devoted to some of the more prominent topics which arose for discussion, and contains some severe strictures ou tbe conduct of the northern press in giving publicity to them. The remaining contents are of a very miscellaneous character. NEW NORFOLK.—Our correspondent from this district writes as follows :—" The hop picking in this neighbourhood is pretty general, and between seven and eight hundred of the working classes— men, women, and children—have been employed, principally from Hobart Town. The Benevolent Society ought to be thankful to the hop growers generally for the large amount of labour employed, thus affording relief to their funds. It is estimated that next year there will be employment at the hop picking for two thousand persons. The best pickers are now earning, at twopence per bushel, from five to seven shillings a day. Some very prime dryings have been produced, and most of tbe growers having provided themselves with new and proper kilns, we may soon see the foreign hops shut out of the market entirely." The Committee'of the Kangaroo Point Regatta, to be held on Easter Monday, have arranged the following programme—Alexandra, in Skiffs—Derby, in skiffs—Municipal Purse, residents of the District, in dingies—Open to all race, in 4 oared boats 2 pullers and a steerer—Open sailing boat race in boats not exceedidg2o feet. The Committee meet again on Friday next, the 11th instant, at half past 7 p.m. , THE BRIDGE AND CAUSEWAY AT BRIDGEWATER. —From a pressure of other matter in our columns we have this issue been prevented recording that on Tuesday, the 29th ultimo, the Hon- the Colonial Secretary, the hon, the Colonial Teasurer, the Minister of Lands and Works, accompanied by the Director of Public Works, and James Gray Esq.. Secretary to the Commissioners, proceeded to Bridgewater to inspect- the works, as requested by the surviving Commissioners,—the hon. T.Y. Lowes, and the hon. F. M. Innes, who were also present. After tbe accounts to December 31st verified by the Colonial Auditor, and showing a balance as credit of the commissioners of .£106 16s 6d had been presented, a report prepared by the Secretary to the Commissioners was submitted, containing many interesting details of tbe work. It pointed ont that the portions embracing the piling, woodwork, and drawbridge, were erected under a contract with Messrs Thomson and Blackburn, at or for the sum of J^7,S23 and the bridge opened for traffic by Sir William Denison on April 30th, 1849. The entire cost of construction was paid off in 1853. Tolls were levied from April 1849 to September 1858 on all passengers, animals and vehicles, when passing and repassing the bridge. By the Bridgewater Bridge Act TSo. 3, relief was granted from l3t October 1858 by exempting from toll passengers and when repassing on the same day. In 1859 new warps were provided ; in I860 a new jetty built at a cost of £300 ; a new Toll House, out of the reach of the flood tide built^at an expense of £1,290 7s lid; inT861 gstes and fences repairey tanks furnished, and fresh castings for machinerd supplied &c.; &c.; In 1864 a sum of .£3,219 9s 7d was expended m raising tbe Causeway and in building retaining walls. After detai ing other items ol expenditure, the report went on to state that on January 1st 1869 the Commissioners had a balance to their credit of £ 1077 13s 6|d which enabled them to pay into the Colonial Treasury, in accordance with the provisions of the Act 10 Victoria No 11, £100') in aid of the General Revenue of the colony, and also to procure iron girders from England at a cost of £306 2s 3d, and to effect other necessary repairs. One especially satisfactory feature in the report was this that notwithstanding all the foregoing payments in 1869, there still remained a balance of £106 16 6d on 1st January, 1870, without any outstanding liabilities, and the bridge and machinery beine in good order. The Chairman (the Hon. T. Y. Lowes. M.L.C.), who resides within a few miles of the bridge—the report went on to say—has by his constant attention to the works,and by directing timely repairs to be effected, prevented dilapidations which would otherwise not only have entailed a large outlay of public money, but have caused impedia ments and inconvenience to the public traffic. After the reading of the report, the visitors proceeded to inspect the works, with which they expressed their satisfaction, and paid a well^deBerved compliment to Mr Lowes for the interest which he had taken in their construction and maintenance. CAMPBELL TOWN ELECTION.—It appears from the Launceston Examiner that the election for Campbell To ten is not to pass off so quietly a9 was anticipated after all. Our contemporary says Mr Landale retired in favour of Mr Keach, the Warden for Ross, and a walk over for the latter gentleman was confidently predicted. But through the persistency of Mr A. M. Johnson, who cannot have the ghost of a chance if the electors do their duty, the country will be put to the expense of a contested election. Some men are irrepressible, and Mr Johnson appears to be one of tUat number. The candidates nominated on Friday were Messrs George William Keach and Alexander M'Asian Johnson, and the polling will take place on Thursday next. TAMAR BOATING CLUB.—At a meeting of this club held on Friday evening it was determined that, as Mr Lynch had not replied to the communication sent to him by the club, they would not accept any challenge from the South, unless it came from a club or committee. —L. Examiner. LARCENR BY FINDING.—Yesterday a gentleman left his residence near the Tamar Bridge for the purpose of cashing a cheque for £5, drawn on the Bank of Van Die.men's Land, Hobart Town, and -on reaching Sc. John-Street discovered thlat it was missing from his pocket. He immediate y went to the branch bank here and gave information of the loss, afterwards returning home to see if he had by any chance left it there. Shortly after he left the bank a little girl presented a cheque for the same amount, which she said her mother (giving tbe surname in whose favour the cheque was drawn) had sent her to get cashed. The teller did not cash the cheque, but after taking a description of it allowed the girl to take it away. It is almost needless to add that the lost cheque was not found at home. and the little girl has not since been seen- —L, Examiner. OUTRAGE At Westbury.—Our contemporary the Launceston Examiner of Saturday says:—' 'Refereuce has been made in previous issues to an outrage re ported to have been committed by several young men at Westbury. We have now been placed in possession of authentic particulars. It appears that between 10 and; 11 o'clock on the night of Friday, 18th ultimo, a gang of young rowdies was perambulating the township of Westbury, when they came upon a hue supposed to be unoccupied; but on entering it tbey found it tenanted^ by an old man named Sewell and his wife,who had been unable to find Quarters elsewhere,and were preparing to make themselves comfortable for the night. The young men thereupon commenced ill-using the old couple, several of them behaving in a very indecent manner towards the woman. The old man managed after a time to run away from the hut, leaving his partner to her fate. One of her tormentors told her to come outside the hut and he would see that no harm befell her. She did so, and was standing outside, when according to her statement, she was kuocked down, and a capital offence committed on her, several of the young men actively aiding and abetting, whilst some half-dozen others looked on, but neither offered assistance nor protested against the brutal assault to which she was subjected. By this time, the dis turbance created had attracted the notice of the police, but before they could reach the hut the young miscreants took to their heels and managed to get away. Subsequently, however, three of the ringleaders,named Patrick Toole, Wm. Fawkner, and Daniel Callaghan, were arrested. '1 hey were brought up at the Police Court, where the woman Maria Seweil gave her evidence against them, and they were fully committed for trial, bail being allowed. Her statements, however, were contradictory on many points, and as she is the only witness, it is thought to be very doubtful whether the Attorney- General will file any bill against the accused for the alleged capital crime, though they way be indicted for a common assault; and this must be the view taken of the case by the committing magistrate, seeing that he consented to take very small bail, viz., each of the prisoners' fathers in a recognizance of £25, and one good surety for each for the same amonnt." 