gwstto £x\m. BY THE AUTHOR OF "GEORGE GEITH OP FEN COURT." Hm jtdariff tight of pahlidilnf "AttiUn Friin*inAwMli fcM two peiehaw liy the FroptleU«»»l the jldelafck Oliewr. CHAPTER XVIL A CHAKGE IK THE PBOCRAMME. An utter change from bcotts-yara ana the City courts and lanes. In lieu of scorching pavements, moss, grass, ferns, and wild-flowers. Instead of great warehouses, chops filled with goods set out to the best advantage, stuccoed porticoes, and mile after mile of bricks-and-mortar, hedgerows Timdft op of the dark glossy-leaved ever green oak, hawthorn on which the berries were just turning colour, brambles trailing in picturesque wildness, convolvuluses climbing from branch to branch and starring the abundant foliage with pure white buds. In place of crowds of anxious-faced hurrying men and women, stray children returning from the village Bchool, a few labourers stretched on the turf sheltering under the trees from the heat of the summer sun, eating the while their frugal dinner- stags and cattle either knee-deep in friendly pools or else lying idly chewing the cud. No clock-towers, no sculptured heroes bestriding Iriacltmifld stone horses, no monuments, no street decorations ; but for relief to the other wise flat country prospect of fields where the wheat was ripening, and cottages dotted here and there over the landscape, oaks and elms, chestnuts covered with weir prickly fruit* the brieht-hued copper beech, the graceful drooping ash and weeping willow, with many another tree strange and grateful to the eyes of a Londoner. Whilst in exchange for the rattle of cabs and the thunder of Pickford's vans, for the ceaseless roar and rumble and the hoarse growls of the metropolitan thoroughfares, which ceaseth not completely either by day or night, a wonderful virtue of stillness, a blessed rest and repose. "Delicious, is it not?" asked the younger of two men who paced slowly up the avenue leading to Forde Hall. " Do you mean the air, the scenery, the quietness, or the prospect of dinner?" enquired his companion, whom the reader has already seen drinking port-wine and regaling himself with finches of snuff, and demolishing Austin Friars' dream-castle in the dining-room of Meadow House. "I meant the air and the quietness," answered the other, who mav now be introduced as Mr. Arthur Howard. " Yes, they are both well in their way," argued Mr. Collis, " particularly the former ; but I think it might be quite possible for both of us to have too much of the latter. As a change, I like the country ; as a sanitary institution, I admire it; for there can be no question about the good a ' change' does the Londoner ; but for a residence good Lord!" "You do not believe, then, in the exceeding pleasure of count , y pursuits ?" " No ; nor do 1 think any man believes in them who has a soul beyond bullocks and turnips, shooting and hunting. Talk as you like about them, the enjoyments of the country are physical, material. You like the country better than 1 do, because you are an artist; but even you would not care to live in the old hall we are going to see for a few years at a stretch. You may depend upon it, the mental pace of London fife unfits a man for this sort of stagnated existence. I once asked a friend what he did when he went into the country ; and have treasured up his reply ever since. ' 1 consult Bradsluuc,' he said, ' for the first train back to town.' And if all Londoners spoke out their minds, you would find that is what the bulk of them would like to do also." "But, my dear Sir, consider how eager they are to leave London." " Yes, to leave the heat, and the work and the dust, and to get away to a lesser London ; to a London without duns, with out masters, without bills to meet, without business payments to make. The southern watering places are indeed, in their season and in fine weather, the Cockney's earthly heaven. There he meets his friends ; there he can smoke quite early in the morning; there he can eat his breakfast without feeling every mouthful he swallows may interfere with catching his train or omnibus ; there he can wear easy shoes and a round felt hat; there he can have everything to eat and drink he is able to get in London, and procure a glass of decent wine for self and friend at the bar of the principal hotels. There, further, he can, tliewhole day long, have the doubtful luxury of his wif<rs company and that of his children, not forgetting the 'baby who is ' teething and he has the gratification of beholding his little girls digging on the sands with that self-consciousness-or that conscious ness rather-of all the world looking on, which is the beautiful characteristic of London girls from their earliest years. He has the papers, and can discuss Jones' bank ruptcy with Smith ; or he has the Renews, and, if he be of a literary turn, discourses to Humphrey about 'who did' that article, or who is to succeed So-and-so in the editorship of the Buckingham Beview. If you call that leading a country life, if you consider it pastoral, or (his in any sense of the word, I am dumb." " I must say, nevertheless, that I should prefer answered his companion. "My dear young friend, you are quite mistaken," Air. Collis replied. " You think you would prefer this, simply because you * never tried it ; because you know nothing on earth about the miserable monotony of a country existence ; because you only come to such a spot as that .where we now find ourselves after a course of Parisian or London life, just as a man after a full meal likes to jro into a room where there is no smell of dinner. But let dinner-time come round again, and then I warrant you he will leave < the less substantial eleganccs of flowers and looking-glasses and kmcknackeiy without a sigh." " And yet still I think I should like to try the experiment, say, of living in such a place as Fordc Hall." "My good fellow, you would be sick of it and yourself before a week was over. Now behold-you and I were stranded together two hours ago at as pretty a wayside inn as the eyes of man need desire to behold. We had the orthodox village green, the prettier than ordinary village church. We were fortunate enough to secure not only a better glass of ale than is usually to be met with at tuch places, but also good bread, fresh butter, and the temporary ownership of a clieese which will, in its old age, if it even attain old age, be something more than respectable. Moreover, our host rehearsed for us a dinner billof-fare which sounded not unpromising, and gave us undisputed possession of a sitting-room, where grasses and hops shaded the window, and the furniture and decorations were at least a hundred years old. Now what did we do'} Did we pull up our easy-chairs to the window, and, while resting, admire the rural prospect ? Not a bit of it. We, or at least 1, said, ' Landlord, where can we go in order to kill time between this and the hour when you have stated that brace of grouse shall be done to a turn?' Whereupon he answered, 'You can walk over to Forde Hall, Sir;' supplementing that permission with an interesting biographical history of the present proprietor; and we came." " Yes, certainly we came," agreed Mi-. Howard, when his companion at length paused ; "but for my part, contrasting the spot where we find ourselves with London, I should like to be coming here for ever." "You are mistaken utterly," the elder man persisted. "If you want a proof of the truthfulness of my assertion, look around. Here you have everything people usually consider needful for happiness-a fine place, an old name, good health, a long rent-roll. And yet where is the master of this place ? Abroad; has resided abroad for years. "But his is an exceptional case," the other replied. " In his matrimonial relations, let us hope so," was the answer ; "since it would not do for all young wives to disappear on the wedding-day, like Miss Haddon. That little episode gives to my mind the only touch of real interest to Forde If all. It is almost as exciting as a good sensation trial. What made the bride go? why did she many *»«" at all ? where did she hide? with whom did die ran off?" " If die were not murdered," suggested Mr. Howard. " I do not think there was anything like murder in the case, though there may have been something much more really tragical," said Mr. Collis. "Anyhow, the landlord's story makes me anxious to see Forde Hall. From a worldly point of view, die lost a good deal when she left such a place and its owner; and as die tied the matrimonial halter round her neck before her departure, she had probably gained little even of happiness by the exchange. Well, it's a queer story," ended the merchant. " Had the scene of her departure been laid at Forde Hall, 1 should have thought it just possible the mistletoe-bough mystery might have been enacted a second time." "Ah, you may depend the young man in that legend did not want to find his wife. If I were young, which I shall never be again, and married, which I have never been, and my wife disappeared in any such mysterious fashion, 1 would find her, dead or alive, if she were above ground; and had t been the owner of Forde Hall, I would have got the bride back, or known the reason why. One might have thought the place desirable enough for any woman, more particularly a woman without a sixpence; but then the owner was a different matter. Perhaps, if wc could see the owner we should understand." They were standing by this time in front of Forde Hall-an ancient edifice built of stone, with darker stone facings; an old, old house, slightly modernised. Curiously clipped yew-trees were scattered about the grass, and a magnificent cedar grew so close to the house that its branches almost touched the dining-room windows. "Rather an eyrie sort of place," the younger visitor remarked while they stood on the broad steps waiting for admission. "Yes; and that with the August sun shining full upon it. Wliat would the place look like, do you suppose, of a dull November afternoon, or about twelve o'clock of a night in February? My belief of the matter is, that had Mr. Forde told his bride that he meant to reside here only for six weeks in the year, the young lady would have gone on her wedding-tour. As it " We are strangers staying at Milden, and the landlord of the Goat and Compasses there told us we could see the house," said Arthur Howard, finishing his companion's sentence in a way which made them both laugh afterwards. " Will you walk in, gentlemen ?" said the old butler, who had opened the door about the middle of Mr. Collis' harangue. "And if you wait for a moment, the housekeeper will show you over the house." With which assurance he disappeared, leaving the visitors standing in a large hall, wainscoted with dark oak, the ceiling being ornamented with very dirty clouds, ana angels disporting themselves therein. " Not a very cheerful abode for the bride," remarked Mr. Collis. "Ah, perhaps it is the absence of the bride that lias made it look so dismal," replied his companion; and then a great silence, and a greater compassion fell upon the two; for each was considering what a difference the story it contained must have made to this man's life-to the owner of this fine estate, who had, as the landlord of Milden. assured them, never visited his property from the day when he decided further search was hopeless, to that on which he (mine host) told the tale for about the thousandth time since Miss Haddon's disappearance. After a time, the housekeeper came to the strangers. She was an old woman, wearing a mob-cap with a broad ribbon passing over the top of her head, and tied under her chin. As she moved along, bent almost double, she informed her visitors that she had lived with Mr. Forde's father, and could remember him quite a baby; " for I am nearly seventy live now, gentlemen," she said. "I have seen more than the three-score years and ten appointed for us ; but I feel as if I could not die till I see my young master back again in the old place, lie has lived away more than eleven years, and the house has been shut up like this all the time." "Is there any probability of his returning?" asked Mr. Howard. "Well, yes, Sir; there was a letter from him last week, in which he said he might be back by about the middle of October, but that we were not to make any preparation, or get ready any part of the house except the library and his old bedroom, which, indeed, 1 have kept aired ever since he went away. They do say-his agent and the steward, Mr. Cross-that he is going to be married; but we know nothing about it." "But I thought-that is, we heard at Milden-he had a wife living," remarked Mr. Collis. " It is hard to say whether he has or not, Sir," she answered ; "at any rate, he would not marry unless he knew for certain she was dead. But I do not believe much of it myself. I do not think he would ever take to another wife after the one he lost. He was so fond of her, and he was more like one out of his mind, gentlemen, before he left here, than anything else. Night and day planning something fresh to hear of her starting off by one or two in the morning to catch express trains; he used to have detectives down from London, but they never did a bit of good. It was an awful time for us all, and a dreadful misfortune to fall on any man." "Would you mind telling me, ma'am, what your theory was on the subject?" asked Arthur Howard. " I mean," he added, seeing she did not comprehend his meaning, " what yon thought at the time about the young lady's disappearance." "I never knew what to think, Sir, and neither did my husband, and I am sure wc have talked it all over till my head h"s seemed giddy. If anything had happened to her, surely something would have been found out about it before this; and then again, if nothing happened, where did she go ? It is just a mystery. A nicer young lady nobody could have desired to see, and a prettier 1 do not believe ever lived. There is not one of the portraits you have seen in the gallery to be compared to hers. Many a gentleman has come over here to look at that and nothing else; and often when I am in the room with it, I stand before her picture and wish she would come back, if even for five minutes, to tell me all about where she went and why she went; that is, if she did go of her own free will." "There is a portrait of her, then?" said Mr. Howard eagerly. "Yes, Sir; but it is not in any of the show apartments, for Mr. Forde would not like it to be generally seen." "You will let us sec it, however," suggested Mr. Collis, who understood well enough that tliis formula -was gone through witli every fresh visitor. "I can quite understand Mr. Forde's feeling; but we arc so much interested in the story and the young lady, and we shall feel so greatly obliged by your allowing us just one peep. I must say honestly 1 shall go back to town miserable if you do not gratify my desire. Next to having the mystery unravelled, I should like to see the portrait of the principal actor in it." And having reached this point in his speech, Mr. Collis slipped into the house keeper's hand a proof that if his curiosity were strong, his generosity did not lag far behind it. "I am sure, Sir," said the woman, "I am greatly obliged ; but it is too much. I could not think, Sir, of taking it. If you please, Sir." " If you please, ina'am," interrupted Mr. Collis, "you will imagine this to be Christmas time, and I one of Mr. Forde's guests asking you to accept of a little touiYHt'r. And we should like so much to see the portrait." "Well, gentlemen, you shall then," answered the housekeeper ; and she entered the drawing-room and passed on towards an inner apartment, talking as she went. " Yes, 1 often think about it all when I am alone," she continued, "and more especially about one evening when she and Mr. H add on were dining with my master. After dinner, £ came into this very room to see to some thing-I forget what-not knowing any body was here. When I came to about where we are now, I saw Miss Haddon standing by the window. I suppose I made some noise, for she turned as if startled, and there was a look on her face that I have never forgotten. I have heard anil read of looks like it, but I never saw just the same either before or since. She looked desperate. She had been crying, I could see that, and she was white as a ghost-white as her dress. I asked her if she was ill, if any thing was the matter; but she only said, 'No, Mrs. Norris, thank you,' quietly enough, but still in a way that prevented my asking any more questions." " Was she fond of Mr. Fordc ?" enquired Mr. Howard. " Ah, Sir, it is hard to tell; though I call him my young master, he was old beside her; there must have been a matter of thirty years between them. She appeared to like him well though, and he was fond enough of her for a dozen. I will draw up the blind, and then you can see her picture. Saying which, Mrs. Norris advanced to the latticed window of a small withdrawing room they had entered, through a door concealed by heavy curtains, where the light was so dim they could scarcely sec more than that the apartment appeared almost to be formed out of the thickness of the wall. The rollers were stiff, and the housekeeper experienced some difficulty in pulling the centre blind. "Let me assist you," said Air. Collis impatiently. "Thank you, Sir; I have done it now," she answered, letting in more light as she rke. " Now, Sir, you can see it: that is portrait of Miss Fordc, taken before her marriage." Ay, there she stood sure enough-holding her straw hat in her hand, while the evening breeze seemed just moving the curls that fell in luxuriant profusion over neck and shoulders. They were pushed back a little from her face, and the visitors could sec that she wore round her neck a narrow blue ribbon with a locket attached to it. Her white dress was confined round the waist by a sash of the same colour; and she had not another ornament about her. There was a back ground of dark trees, and the sun sinking to rest behind them. "Very lovely," criticised Mr. Collis, turning to his companion, who exclaimed in accents of the most profound astonishment " Why, that is Miss Yorke!" "Yes, Sir, Yorke was her Christian name," said the housekeeper; " did you know her, Sir, then ?-have you ever seen her ?" "Yes, years ago," stammered Mr. Howard, to whom the merchant made a rapid sign suggestive of caution. "Before that portrait was taken, I should say,"observedMr. Collis. " O, decidedly!" " She must have been very young then," remarked Mrs. Norris. " She was," Mr. Howard stated, turning again towards the picture, in front of which Mr. Collis had drawn up a chair and delibe rately seated himself, putting on his spectacles in order to examine its beauties more at his leisure. "The likeness has misled you," he said, glancing up meaningly in his companion's face, and cutting short a question the housekeeper was commencing. "Thatcer tainly resembles the Miss Yorke we know; but if you look more closely, you will see it is merely a resemblance. They must have been relatives, however. I suppose," he added, addressing the housekeeper; "some of Miss Haddon's connections were Yorkest" " Yes, Sir; her mother's family." "That accounts for it then," Mr. Collis remarked, putting his spectacles back in their case; after which he informed his companion they had but little time to spare, and must be returning to Milden. "Should you not like to see the gardens and go over the grounds, Sir Y' enquired the housekeeper. "Very much indeed, if it were possible for us to do so; but this afternoon we cannot. On some future occasion, I hope." And then, after Mr. Howard had presented the housekeeper with his peaceofiering, and ljcen duly thanked and curtsied to, the visitors left the house. Whenever they reached the avenue where the arching trees met overhead, and the noise of their footfall was scarcely audible on the turf that edged the drive, Mr. Collis put his arm through that of his companion, while he said confidentially "Now tell me all you know about Miss Yorke." 