VENICE TO EPHESUS, (MAR 'Lv Tw,tu in "the Innocents Abroad.") Seeing no road, we took a tall hill to the left of the distant Acropolis for a mark, and steered straight for it over all obstructions, and over a little rougher piece of country than exists any where else outside the state of Nevada, perhaps, Part of the way it was covered with small, loose stones-we trod on six at a time, and they all rolled. Another part of it was dry, loose, newly-ploughed ground. Still another part of it was a long stretch of low grape-vines, which were tangle somes and troublesome, and which we took to be brambles. The Attic Plain, barring the grape-vines, was abarren, desolate, un poetical waste--I wonder what it was in Greece's Age of Glory, five hundred years before Christ I In the neighborhood of one o'clock in the morning, when we were heated with fast walking and parched with thirst, Denny ex claimed, " Why, these weeds aregrape-vines 4" and in five minutes we had a score of bunches of large, white, delicious grapes, and were reaching down for more when a dark shape rose mysteriously up out of the shadows be side us and said " Ho T And so we left. In ten minutes more we struck into a beautiful road, and unlike some others we had stumbled upon at intervals, it led in the right direction. We followed it. It was broad, and smooth, and white,-handsome and in perfect repair, and shaded on both sides for a mile or so with single ranks of trees, and also with luxuriant vineyards. Twice we entered and stole grapes, and the second time somebody shouted at us from some invisible place. Whereupon we left again. We speculated in grapes no more on that side of Athens. Shortly we came upon an ancient stone aqueduct, built upon arches, atnd from that time forth we had ruins all about us-we were approaching our journey's end. We could not see the Acropolis now or the high hill, either, and I wanted to follow the road till we were abreast of them, but tihe others overruled me, anid we toiled laborious ly up the stony hill immediately in our front and from its summit saw another climbed it and saw another ! It was an hour of exhausting work. Soon we came upon a row of open graves, cut in the solid rock (for a while one of them served Socrates for a prison)-we passed around the shoulder of the hill, and the citadel, in till its ruined magnificenco, burst upon us I We hurried across the ravine and up a winding road, and stood on the old Acropolis, with the pro digious walls of the citadel towering above our heads. We did not stop to inspect their massive blocks of marble, or measure their height, or guess at their extraordinary thick. ness, but passed at once through a great arched passage like a railway tunnel, and went straight.to the gate that leads to the ancient temples, It was locked ! So, after all, it seemed that we were not to see the great Parthenon face to face. We sat down and held a council of war. Result: the gate was only a flimsy structure of wood.-wo would break it down, It seemed like dese cration, but then we had travelled far, and cur necessities were urgent. We could nbt hunt up guides and keeners-we must be on the ship before daylgght. So we argued. t This was all very finie, but when we came to break the gate, so could not do it. We moved around ate ansle of the wall iand found a lod baation-?t1gbt feet high- without--ten or twelve within. Denny prepared to scale it, and. we got ready to follow. By dint of hard ,I eambling he finally straddled the top' but some loose stones crumbled away aud fell with a crash into the court within. There was instantly a banging of'doors and a shout. Denny dropped from the wall in a twinkling and we retreated in- disordei to the gate. Xerxes took that mighty citadel four hundred and eighty.years before Christ, when his five millions of soldiers and camp-followvers followed him to Greece, and if we four Americans could have remaineud 'iiunblested five minutes longer, we:would have taken it too. The garrison had turned outZ-four Greeks. We clamoured at the gate, and they admitted us. [Bribery and corruption.] We crossed a large court,; entered a great door, and stood upon a pavement of purest white marble, deeply'worn by, footprints. Before ti in the flooding mooulight, rose?the noblest ruins we had ever looked' upon-the Propyle; a small temple of- Miierva; the Temple of Hercules, and the grand par thenon. .We got these names from the Greek guide, who didn't seem to know more than seven men. ought . to know.} These edifices were all built of the whitest Pentelic marble, but have a pinkish stain upon them now. Where.any part is broken, however, the fracture looks like fine loaf sugar. Six caryatides, or marble women, clad in flowing. robes, support the portico of the Temple of Hercules, but the porticos and colonnades of the other structures:are, formed of massive Doric and Ionlic pillars, whose flutings and capitals arestill measurably perfect, no: withstanding.the centuries that have gone over themu and the sieges they have suffered, The Parthenton, originally, was two hundrei and twenty-six feet long, oue hundred wid,, and seventy high, and had two rows of great columns, eiglit in each, at either end, and single rows seventeen each down the sidet and was one of the most gracefil and beauti ful edifices ever erected. -. Most of the Partlienon'simposing columns are still standing, but the roof is gone. It was oa perfect building two hundred and fifty years ago, when a shell dropped into the Venetian magazine stored here, and the explosion which followed wrecked, and uni roofed it. I remember but little about the Parthenon, and I have put in, one or two facts and figures for the use of. other people, with short msemories. 'Got them froni the guide-book. As we wandered thoughtfully down the marble-paved length of this stately temple, the scene an'out us was strangely impressive. Here and there, in lavish profusion, were gleaming white, statues of men and women, propped against blocks of marble, some of them armless, some without legs, .others headless- btit all looking mournful in the moonlight, and startlingly human ! They rose up and 'confronted the midnight in truder on every side-the'y stared at him with stony eyes from unlo ,ked for nooks and recesses; they peered at him over fragment ary'heaps far down the desolate corridors; they barred his way in the midst of the broad forum, and solemnly pointed with handless arms the way from, the sacred fine ; and through the roofless temple the men looked down, and banded the floor and darkened the , scattered fragments and broken statues with the slanting shadows of the columns. What a world of. ruined sculpture was about us i Set up in rows-stacked up in piles-scattered broadcast over the wide area of the Acropolis-were hundreds of crippled statues of all sizes and of the most exquisite vorkmanship; and vast fragments of marble that once belonged to- the entab latures, covered with bas-reliefs representing battles and sieges, ships of war with three and four tiers of oars, pageants and pro cessions-everything one could think of. History says that the temples of the Acropo lie were filled with the noblest works of Praxiteles and Phidias, and of. many a great a master in seal pture besides-and surely these elegant fragments attest it. We walked out into the grass-grown,'frag ment-strewn court beyond the Parthenon It startled us, every now anod then, to see a stony white face stare suddenly up at us out of the grass with its dead eyes. The place seemed.alive with ghosts. 1 half expected to see the Athenian heroes of twenty centuries ago glide oat of the shadows and steal into the old temple they knew so well and re garded with such boundless pride. The full moon was riding high in the cloudless heavens, now. We sauntered cam lessly and unthinkingly to the edge of the a lofty battlements of the citadel, and looked down-a vision ! And such a vision ! Athens by moonlight! The prophet that thought the splendours of the New Jerusalem were revealed to him, surely saw this instead i It lay in the level plain right under our feet-all a spread abroad like a Iicture--ndl we loked a downe upon it as we might have looked fron a b lalloon. We saw no semblance of a street, beet every heoun, every window, eurry r e.linleig vine, every clinging projection, was as distinct and sharply marked eis it the time were noon day; and yet there was no glare no glitter, nothing harsh or repulsive--the noiseless city was flooded with the mellowest light that ever streamed from the moon, andl seemed like some living creature wrapepedl inl ,peaceful aumoulr. On it. fur:lher side was a t little temple, whose delicete pillars aid ornate tront glowed with a rich la-tre that clhained Sthe eye like a slell; and nearerbv, thie palacer of the king reeedl its creamy wall out of the midlst of a great garden ol shrubbery lthat was fl decked allover wilth a randomn shower of amber lights - aspray o1 goldieepsarks thai lost tss eir rbrigbltness in the glory of te mnoon, and Sglinted eiolly upon the sea oft'dark foliagelike r theepallid stars of the milky-way. O'er h.ad the stately columns, mnejestic stillin their Sruin - uedler foat the droaming cit - in lthi distance the silver sea--not or the Sbroad oearth is there another picture half so I beasutiful l 1 As we turned and imoved again through the , tei let, I wished that thie illustrious muen 'ho \- tet rat in it in the remote ages couldtl visit it a again ned reveal thl,mselves to our curbius eves--Plato, Arirtotle, Demosltheess, Socrates r Phlocion, Iy thagorneus, Euclid, Pieedar, Xoeo ilhon, Herodeltus, Pranxiteles, and 'Pllidiis, t Zeuxis Ilthe painter. TWhat a contellation of I celbrated laues I Bet more tehan all I swished th at old Diogenes, groping so lliecat. r Jy sith his Lantere, seerohiing so sealudly Sfor one solitary honest man in all the wolld, leighlt meander along and stumble on our earty. I oughtl not to say it, may bhe, Lut till I suepleosee be would have put out bhis light, tWe left the Parthenon to ke~js' its watch over old Athens, easit had kept it for twenty three hundred years, and went and stood out side the wuallsof the citadel. In thle dtlstonce iwas the ancient, but till ulnostlerlfctTemple otl 'leseos, and close by, lookig to the west, Swas the Bemaie, front wehence Decnosthenes rthundered his pellippics and fled the wavoer Ing lpatriotism of his couatryeCen. To the I right vwas Mars Hill, where thli Areocpagussat Sin ancient tilnes, aud where St. Paul defined I his positieon,'nd below was the scarket-plnce a nhereue'o disputed dails " witl thalgossiplleV iog Athenians. We climbed thI stole sitps St. P laul ascended, and stood in the square-cut place rIe stood in, and tried t recollect tihe SBible hecount co the imtter- list, for certaisn Sreaeons, 1 could not recall the vwords,. I hasve s louod thets since: r "Now while Paul waited; for them at 1 Athens, his lspirit was stirred in him, t when he saw the, citys wholl. given up to idoiltry. 11 Therefore disputed he in lie synagogeue I withb the Jewse, anld with the eevout persons, and it the market daily wvitlh teu that met " A nd they took him and brought hiet unto Arrcolpgusi, saying, May te know what this new doctrine whereof thou opeakost is? "Then Paulstood in the midst of Mars Hill, and said, Ye men to Athrens, I perceive Sthat in all things ye are too superstitious; 3 ' For as I passied by and bhehldl our devo tios, I found an altar with this inscription : TO THE UNKNOWN Gon.. Whom, therelure, ye ignorantly a orabip, tics declare I unto you. -Acts xvii. It occurred to us,. after a while, that it we wa nted to get hovse before daylight betrayed us, wee had better be muoving. So wie hurried away. When for oet our road, we had'a ptart ing view of the Parthenon, with the moon light streaming through its open colonuades and touching its capitcls with silver. As it looked then,jsolem , grand, beautifulit will al ways remnain in our memories. An we cmarched along, weblegan, to get over our eari,.uand. csased to care much about quarantine scouts or anybody else. We grew bold and reckless;. and once,. in a sudden burst of courage, I even threw a stone at a dog. It was a pleasantt reflectionrthouglh, thatI did I not hit him, because his miaster might just a possibl, have been a policeman. Inspirid by a is happyl lfailure, my valour became utterly Suncontrollable, and at istercnls I absolutely aWhistled,- though. in a moderate key. But fluldness breeds boldnress,.and shortl, I plunged e ito a vineyard, in the lull light ol the umoon, h and captured a gallon of superbh grapes, not even uminding tile presecco ef a peasanut vwho a rode by on a cicule. Dentiry and Birch loiosw edl my examplo. Now I had gratles enough itr ca dozen, but then Jackson was all swollent ia l with courdge, too, and he was obliged to enter a vines ard iresentlv. The first bunch lhe eiied btroulght trouble. A frows)? bearded a brigand sp rang into the road with a slhout, a Ilti flourished a musket in the light of the oaun ! We sidled towardi the Pirmas-n-ut Ssunning, you understanld, but only adsanicing a vith celerity. The brigand shouted agiin,, but I dill we advanced. It was getting late, aund we lad no time to lool away on every ass that w anted to drivel Greek platitudes to us. We wI ould ju.t as soon Ihav. talked with him as not Sit we had not beent in a hurry. Presently I Denny said, "Those lUllocws ore fllolwing I ns l ' Wi 11e turned, and, sare enough, there they were-three tiant tic pirates iurised with guns. We c slckented our pace to let thetm come up, Satnd in the meantime I got out my cargo ot a grpes andt dropeped them5 firmly but reluc e cintly into the shadows by the wayside. But flI was not lraid. I only felt that it was not it right to steal grapes; and ial the smore so u alien the owner was around-and inot only arisound, but with his Iriends around g also. 'The villians caeto around and searchld ens bundle Dr Birch had in his hand, and ,cowrled upon him whenl they found it F. hadl nothiag in ist butsometholyrocksfrom Mars hllill, nud these were not euntrbhaud. Thl.y f evidently suspected' him of playing some te wretched fraud upon them, and seemed half e iticlined to scalpithe party. Bat finally they dismissed us with a warning, couched in ex cellent Greek, I suppose, and dropped trati aquilly in our wake. When they had gone a three hundred yards they stopped, and we Swent on rejoiced. But behold, another a armed rascal came out of the shadows and e took their place, and followed us two hundred s yards. Then lie delivered us over to another o miscreant, who emerged from some mys terious place, and he in turn to another Four a mile and a half our rear was guarded all the while by armed men. I never travelled in so much state before in all my life. It was a good while after that before we 1 ventured to steal any more grapes, and when we did we stirred up another troublesome brigand, and then we ceased all further speculation in that line. I suppose that follow that rode by on the mule posted all the sentinels, from Athens to thi Piraus, about us. (To be Conlinied.) 