MM Mtm. THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL From the Letters of the Correspondent of the. Pall 3fall Gazette .) Home. January 2. The course of the Council so far has been , one to the surprise of all parties. Until \- bow, it has indeed been to the apparently . distinct advantage of those who by com mon acceptance are termed the Opposi tion; hut' this advantage has been the result of procedure not contemplated be- forehand, and of a turn in the delibera tions for which the Bishops, as a body, were certainly not prepared. There is Bow disclosed a compact ecclesiastical op position to the views prevailing in the CJourfc of Borne. One fact will bring fiome the extent of the disappointment that must be at the moment vexing the hearts of the Jesuits. Every day proves \- more and more (if proof be still wanting to convince some) that the Civilta Cutto- liea , in its statements about the Council, jhas been throughout the organ of direct Papal inspiration. The foreshadowings of topics oh which this assembly would have to pronounce have been fully con firmed by the official propositions sub mitted to the bishops. The Civilta, there fore, was in full possession of the Pope's mind on these matters when still secret for the rest of even the sacerdotal world. It must then also be credited with having .given expression to an anticipation confi- . dently entertained in the same high . quarter, when .it predicted that by the .«nd of the year the Ccuncil would have proclaimed by acclamation the blessed dogma of tho Holy Father's personal in fallibility. The year has come to its end, : and the Fathers, so far as they have all spoken, have done so only in a tone ex tremely derogatory to any such supposed infallibility. One of them oven ventured to designate certain propositions submit ted by the Pope for their approbation as deserving only of oblivion, while the Austrian Bishop Strossmeyer, at the last sitting, boldly impugned the Pope's right to prescribe any such limitations not the action of the Fathers as are laid down by "Jiim in his ordinance. The Bishop was immediately called to order by the Legate, and told that it was not competent for liim to question any point on which the Pope had pronounced himself. For a couple of minutes the rebuked Bishop sat silent, and then, rising again, continued in powerful language to criticise what he presumed it could not be incompetent for him to deal with, the substance of the propositions before the assembly. His speech is reported to have been singularly trenchant, and the impression produced >on the audience was general. The burst of bold speech, followed, as at was, by words more tempered, but also .distinctly in the same sense from other Bishops, may be destined to bring things to a sudden crisis. The Pope has actually £one the length of formally inhibiting the Bishops from consultation and concert, fiome days ago, an order from the Vatican intimated to the Bishops that it was not lawful in Rome for them to assemble, as -they have done, in something like national -casinos. Thereupon Cardinal Rauscher, the Archbishop of Vienna, and author of the now notorious Concordat, took it upon iiimself to defy this act of unprecedented arbitrariness, and tc open his own rooms for the use of the German prelates who found themselves shut out from the lo cality where they had been in the habit -4»f meeting under Cardinal Schwarzen- fcurg's presidency. But now the Pope lias gone a step further. The Opposition Bishops had formed a kind of directing Board with nine members — three French, 4hree German, and three English speak- -ang Bishops. They are all of them emi nent men — indeed, their names represent the flower of the Episcopate. By a most inexplicable stretch of authority, the Pope has forbidden these nine Bishops -from having conference among themselves. Rome, January 5. The Fathers of the Council assembled for the first time this year on the 3rd, when the Mass of the Holy Ghost was jsolimmsed by Monsignor Barrioy Fernan dez, Archbishop of Valencia. The oldest of the Cardinal- Legates then pronounced -a funeral oration on the four Fathers who have died since the opening of the Coun- eil, and who are the Cardinals do Rei- flaeh and Pentini, Monsignor Matiastyrsksi .'(Bishop of Przemyal), , and Monsignor Frascolla (Bishop, of Fogia). At the «dose of the oration the Secretary- General ! announced the nomination of Cardinal de Angelis to the post, of Legate of the Pope in Council, in the place ot Cardinal de Reisach, of Cardinal Bilio to the pre sidency of the commission of dogma-, and and of Cardinal Caterini to the presidency, of tHo commission of ecclesiastical disci pline. The Secretary also proclaimed the names of the twentv-four members of the commission on religious orders. The Council, after these formal pro ceedings, resumed thedehateon rationalism. The tribune was occupied successively by four orators, wlio endeavoured to make themselves heard ; but the Official Journal , which has hitherto given an authorisd list of the speakers, is silent as to their names. The increasing boldness of the Opposition has led the Pope to forbid this approach to publicity, and the Council is now to be shrouded in deeper mystery than ever. I have been able, however, to ascertain that the four speakers were Cardinal Trevisanato, Patriarch of Venice; Monsignor Hassun, Armenian Patriarch of Cilicia ; Monsig nor Manning, Archbishop of Westmins ter ; and Monsignor Gastaldi, Bishop of Saluzzo. The Archbishop of IVestminis ter made an elaborate defence of the pro posed decrees — schemata decretorum ct canonum — which was severly criticised by the other three bishops. Yesterday the Council held another meeting. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by the Archbishop of Westminster, and was no sooner con cluded than the debate was again re sumed. Of the eight bishops who carried on the discussion I am at present able to tell you the names of two only—namely, Monsignor Verot, Bishop of Savannah, in America, and Monsignor Gaudolfi, Bishop of Civita Vecchia. The Bishop of Savannah, spoke warmly against the schemata. ' Before I became a bishop,' he said, ' I was a mariner ; before I learnt theology I was taught the exact sciences. As a man of the age and of progress, I protest against the doctrines of the J esuits, which are not those of the Church of Jesus Christ. The Church should not, cannot, put science on the Index.' These words will give you an idea of the struggle opening and daily expanding in the Council, aid to which the malcontent bishops, particularly those of Germany and the United States, are at each meeting grvrfig more and more vigour. Yet the partisans of the dogma of infallibility are 'blind to these signs, and will take no warning. Notwithstand ing the statements which have appeared different in journals, you may be assured that the Vatican is determined to fight out the battle, and the dogma will soon be brought forward. Rome, January 7. Yesterday tho Council held its second public session, and, to meet the require ments of the occasion, the Hall was re stored to its original condition, the Pope's throne and altar being placed where they first stood and the bishops' seats given their original range. The Pope entered the Hall with the customary pomp, and took his seat on the throne, when grand Mass was celebrated, in tho presence of the assembled Fathers, by Cardinal Patriri, sub-dean of the Sacred College. Mass was followed by the chanting of the Litanies, and by the Pontifical benedic tion, in pronouncing of which the Holy Father made the sign of the cross six times, and concluded by intoning the ' Veni Creator.' On resuming his seat on the throne, he was approached by the two promoters of the Council, Messrs. Dominicis Tosti and Ralli, consistorial advocates, who asked permission for the Fathers to make the profession of faith prescribed by the Apostolic Constitution of the ides of November, 1544, in the Pontificate of Pius IV. The Pope assented, and first recited the creed himself, when he presented the book to Monsignor Valenziani, Bishop of Fabiano. The Bishop instantly proceeded to the tribune, and there read the creed in a loud voice. At the conclusion the Fathers successively left their seats, and knelt down before the Pope, laying their right hand on the open Gospel, and pronouncing these words Ego, N. N. spondo, voveo, et juro juxta for- mulam prselectam. Sic mo Deus adjuvet et h«e Sancta Doi Evangelia. Each bishop also stated his name and the name of his diocese, finishing by kissing the book. The cardinals approached the Pope one by one, the bishops in twos, till this was found to occupy too much time, when . the bishops advanced in fours. Still the ceremony of taking the oath con sumed more than three hours; The pro- motets'then- demanded that the'transac- toon should be recorded in tbe Official Acts; and the apostolic prothonotaries, turning towards Monsignor Pacca, the major domo, and Monsignor Ricci, the grand chamberlain, said aloud, ' Conficie- mus vobis testibus.' The Pope terminated the sitting by in toning the ' Te Deum ; ' and the Fathers, who had assembled at 9 o'clock in the morning, were released at half-past 2 in the afternoon. The Council will hold its next private sitting to-morrow. The fact of the pub lic sitting having passed off without the promulgation of a single decree has put the Opposition in high spirits. The sit ting was not attended by tbe Empress of Austria nor by the King of Naples ; and, putting aside tbe Prince of Hobcnzollern, tbe nyil tribune was 00 u >ied exclusively by the dethroned Italian princes and their consorts. All the diplomatic corps was present and the tribune appropriated to illustrious personages was full. The ball was guarded by the Knights of Malta and the Noble guard. In the sitting of to morrow the Fathers will elect the fourth and last commission, that of rebus viiits orientalis. In my last I was able to give tbe names of only two of the speakers in the adjourned debate in tbe Council. The others, one more in number than I sup posed, were — Monsignor Victor Bernar- ilou, Archbishop of Sens; Monsignor Joseph Gignoux, Bishop of Beauvais; Monsignor Charles Colet, Bishop of Luqon ; Monsignor Conrad Martin, Bishop of Paderborn; Monsignor Pierre Ferre, Bishop of Casale ; Monsignor Au gustine David, Bishop of Saint-Brieuc ; and Monsignor Jean-Baptist Greith, Bishop of Saint-Gal, in Switzerland. Nearly all these speakers attacked the schemata , and declared wholly against them . The boldness of the opposition Bishops astonishes the Roman prelates, who, as the fierce words ring through the hall, hardly believe their own ears. ' Do you wish, my venerable brothers,' cried the Archbishop of Halifax, 'to know my opinion of the schemata ? Well, then, I wish all these decrees to be buried in the depths of the earth, and never to be men tioned again.' The magnificent oration of Monsignor Strossmeyer did not spare the Pope himself. ' We bishops are sum moned to Rome,' he said, ' not to approve, but to decree. Hence it is necessary to invite the Holy Father to bo present at all our dissensions ; for if we are nothing without the Pope, the Pope, in his turn, is nothing without us.' It was at this point that Cardinal Capalti, the President- Legate (and not Cardinal di Luca, as stated by public rumour), called Monsig nor Strossmeyer to order. Rome, January 8. The Fathers of the Council assembled this morning at 9 o'clock, to continue ia a private congregation the adjourned de bate on the schemata decretorum. After tbe celebration of Mass the President of the Cardinal-Legates announced that the Pope bad appointed Cardinal Bizarri president of the deputation of regular orders. The debate was then resumed, but I have not yet learned tho names of the speakers, and at this moment can only tell you there was another adjournment, which carries' the discussion forward till next Monday, approaching the middle of January. The Council has now sat a month without having passed a single decree, or settled one point of the multi- tudious questions to be brought under consideration, and there is no sign ®f a termination to the present debate. There are still many bishops to speak, and up to the sitting of to-day none of the orators have been limited to time ; but it is now proposed to make a standing order on this point, as otherwise the debate may be protracted for months. The subject was mentioned yesterday in tbe Commission on Dogma at its first meeting at tho Vatican, under the presidency of Cardinal Bilio. A good deal of feeling was shown at the opposition evinced in the Council to the projects of decrees, particularly as regards the complaints of Monsignor Strossmeyer and Monsignor Genouilhac; and several members expressed a willingness to con sider tbe objections and alter tbe form of the decrees. Other members remarked that the Opposition, while loud in protests had not proposed an amendment.. .To this it was replied that the committee should take advantage of this omission, and itself bring forward an amendment ; but. the question was left undecided. The chiefs of the Opposition were instantly informed of the distribution of the memorandum on Infallibility, and be- fore tho day expired they sent round a memorandum opposing the dogma. Bat this document, though ably drawn up,' is unsigned; while Ahafc of the Infallibilist® bears forty signatures, which gives it » great advantage, and the circulation of the anonymous memorandum is regarded by ' the public as a false step. There is aia absurd rumour here that the Opposition , has cast its eye on Monsignor Dupanloup- as the successor to Pius IX., in case of the Pope's death during the sitting of the Council. Monsignor Dupanloup, in the first place, is ineligible for the Papal chair, not being a Cardinal ; and, in the next, he has never been thought of for it. At the same time the Pope shows no sigm- of dying, being in better health than he has enjoyed for some years, though he has lost his vivacity and become very re served, in which point indeed be resemble® Monsignor Dnpanloup, who now hardly opens his lips. Cardinal Mathieu is on the eve of returning here. He went te. France, as I informed you at the time, on the business of his diocese, and thouglk very discontented, did not abandon liis duties in the Council. Several Austrian and Hungarian bishops have asked: the Pope for a similar leave of absence ; and as the Holy F.ither believes their presence, in the Reich-jratli will be serviceable to. the Church, their request has bee® granted. Rome, January 10. The measures adopted to surround the Council with greater secresy are taking eft'ect ; and up to this momentnot tu word has transpired respecting the sit ting of the Slh, except that four bishop.1? took part in tho debate, and that one of these orators was Monsignor Dechamps, the Ultramontane Archbishop of Ma- lines. In the sitting of this morning no less than nine bishops notified their in tention to speak, but two of the number withdrew their names, probably because the other speakers anticipated what they had to say. The debate on rationalism was thus brought to a close, the variouer objections to the decrees, as well as . the arguments in their favour, being re ferred to the Commission on Faith, which is to consider the whole subject and make a report to the assorably. The sitting of this morning conclude® with another distribution of papers' re ferring to projects bearing on disciplines As the Fathers will require at least five or six days to examine these documents;, the Council cannot meet again before Saturday, the lath. Meanwl ile the- Opposition may be considered as having: triumphed in the late debate. The Commission on Dogma, yielding to the" suggestions made by some of its mem bers, as stated in my letter of yesterday, is taking into consideration the various protests, particularly those of Cardinal! Rauscher and Monsignor Tiztani, and is" giving the schemata an entirely new form. Whether this wi'l be one to- satisfy the Opposition, or whether there- will be a renewal of the discussion, is yet to be seen ; but the composition of the commission does not inspire confix denee. Cardinal & Bilio, the president, keeps up the Jesuit influence, aud has given the post of secretary to the Jesuit; Father Franzelin, priest of tho imperial palace of Vienna. Still, the concessions to the Opposition have greatly discour aged the Infalliblists. , The chiefs off the party now believe they can only succeed by acting promptly, while delay must tell in favour of moderation, ancl consequently in favour of the Oppo sition. This has led the ultras to start;- a petition the Supremo Commission de- postulate, energetically demanding the- promulgation of the , dogma of infalli bility. The petition, which was circu lated secretly and with great rapidity, has received the signatures of 450' bishops— in fact, of the whole retrograde party, so that we now know the exact strength of the majority. On the other- hand, 300 Fathers are ranged in the Opposition, a body too powerful to be stamped out. But the Jesuits hope tor effect this result, and every day they present the Pope with addresses, which- members of their order transmit from all parts of the world, praying the Holy Father in the most fervent terms, to in sist on the promulgation of Poritificial infallibility. Many of these addressee come from France. I hear that the speeches delivered ub the Council on the shemata, decretorum are. being printed from the, reporter® ' notes, and that the sheets will soon, be distributed to the Fathers. The Ardfc— bishop of Paris has at last made"a aigi v ' l)y offering his i saloons to the French > Opposition for its private conferences. Fhe-English and Irish bishops have been preaching to. , English flocks at . St. Andrea delle Valle where the course in- cludcs sermons by' the Rev. Isaac T. Hecker, Dr. Moriarty, Bishop of Kerry ; J)r. M'Gill, Bishop of Richmond ; Dr. ITllathorne, Bishop of Birmingham ; and Dr. Manning, Archbishop of "West minster. Rome, January 12. The seven Fathers of the Council who continued the debate in the sitting of the 10th were — Monsignor Haynald, Arch bishop of Colocza, in Hungary; Monsig nor Papp-Szilaggy, Bishop of Gran-Vara- din, in the same couutry ; Monsignor Ebcdiesu Chajat, Chaldean Bi«hop of Amadia ; Monsignor Meignan, Bishop of Chalons ; Monsignor Spilatros, Bishop of Txicarico ; Monsignor Micaleff, Bishop of JDotta di Castello ; Monsignor Sulzano, Bishop ef Tanes in partibus. The next convocation is convoked for Friday, the 14th, when the secretary will proclaim the twenty-four members of the Deputation on Oriental Rites and Missions. In anticipa tion of this event the missionary bishops, whose proceedings and system will be un- -der investigation, are holding meetings in the saloons of Cardinal Barnabo, prefect 4>f the Propaganda, and drawing rip new jjebemes of organisation. The termination of the debate on the schemata decretorvm in favour of the Op position, without even an attempt at a division, has produced a salutary effect on the Deputation for Dogma ; and at the meeting of yesterday Cardinal Bilio de livered a very conciliatory address, recom mending the commission to applv itself -zealously to putting the projects of decrees in a form that would obtain the unani mous assent of the Council. But the re trograde party show no sign of giving way on the question of infallibility. Up to this morning they have been unable to make a single addition to the 450 signatures at tached to the petition to the Supreme Commission ; but the Spanish episcopate, besides joining iu this movement, have got up' a petition of their own, praying for the dogmatic definition of the dogma, and they have signed this memorial eti masse. I may mention here that the Opposition protest against the regulations of. the Council, prescribed in the brief ' Multi- -plices Inter,' has received little attention at the Vatiean, owing to its having been signed by only twenty-five bishops. The number of signatures is a very impor tant element in these appeals. The Council will hold a third public fitting either on the day of the Chair of jSt. Peter, or towards Candlemas, when the JPope hopes to promulgate the decrees on Rationalism in the modified form they are now to take. The French and American bishops have presented to the Supreme Commission a -memorial for the abolition of the regula tions for maintaining secrecy it) the Council, which they declare io be opposed to the spirit of the Gospel and the teaching of Jesus Christ. This appeal, however, like that against the brief ' Mul- -tipliees Inter/ is expected to receive no other answer than a smart reproof. The authorities are very austere to small move ments, and the Pope yields nothing. I -bear that the Holy Father has thought much of Cardinal Antonclli's declaration that the dogma of infallibility cannot he separated from the question of the tem poral power, and he has determined to try .both issues. The question of the temporal power is to be brought forward in the course of the -discussion on the separation of Church and .State. I should hesitate to report this design if ray information were not derived from a source which has never misled me. There is, 1 believe, no intention of actually erecting the principle of the temporal -power into a dogma, but it will be p!ae< d in such a positicD as fri carry dogmatic .authority. Otherwise, it is argued, the succssor of an infallible Pope may srenounce a sovereignty which is tne basis of the Holy See. Yoo baver no doubt, beard the canard about a newspaper correspondent stealing -into the Council-Hall in> the vestment of an Oriential bishop, for the purpose off taking notes of the debates. It is a pity to s| oil sneb a good story, but the only foundation for it is that a Neapolitan priest, of no good odour, was found con cealed in the saloon dti pavenxtnii with he cross of catt of the bishops in his H>sssess«m; ' He was taken into custody, and is stow in the dungeon# ef the f4i.qnisitidnr. ' ff I ;\:t Kome, January 13. Tlic question of infallibility continues to he the all-engrossing, topic here. The petition in favour' of the dogma, which was drawn, np by Monsignor Martin, Bishop of Paderb'orn, makes no advance on- the 450 signatures ; yet tho retro grade party are boasting that only twenty-five bishops now oppose the proclamation of the dogma. A clay or two ago a bishop personally urged the Tope to forbid the discussion of the subject, when the Holy Father asked him whether he spoke for himself or in the name of other bishops. ' I speak only for myself," replied the prelate, And can you wish.' nnswered the Pope warmly. ' that I should impose the opinion of two dozen of the bishops on the re maining 700 ?' The Holy Father listened more calmly to the Bishop of Orleans, who, in a long interview, recently expressed his opinions to him on this any other questions in agitation The Pope, however, was very guarded in his replies, and probably will be little influenced by the Bishop's counsels. I believe the principle of the temporal power is to he asserted in a canon, which will also "recommend that' the foreign occupation shall he perpetual ; and there arc whispers of violent measures in preparation against- Italy, such as a solemn excommunication by the name of Victor Emmanuel and his Min isters, and even an interdict of the Italian king dom. Whether the Pope can be driven to such lengths is doubtful, but his advisers are believers.in the dark ages ; and hitherto he seems to have placed himself entirely in their hands. The schemata deeretorum of ecclesiastical discipline, which the Council is to dis cuss to morrow, embraces only two proposi tions. The. first relates to the provincial coun cils of bishops, to diocesan synods, and to vicars- general; and the second to vacant episcopnl sees, to capitular vicars, and to chapters. The principal Italian bishops are urging the Pope to reduce the number of religious/iVes. The Holy Father is not oppo-cd to tliis revision of the calendar, which is Urgently desired by the Italian Government ; but. he requires that a certain numher of the bishops shall address him for a formal memorial on the subject. The Holy Father visited the Bishop of Foggia just before his death, and rcmnincd with him some time, talking of the Church in Italy. The cost of maintaining so many bishops is pressing heavily on the Pope, and further con tributions must come in or his exchequer will be exhausted. Yet at this moment General Kanzler is adding another troop to the Holy Father's regiment of dragoons, and .clamouring for the iudispensable funds. The Council of Ministers refuses to sanction t.hc outlay — not," however, on the ground of economy,. but because General Kanzler made .his application to the Minister of Finances instead of the Co'urioil itself. Departmental etiquette is as sensitive at the Ahitican as at Whitehall, and almost as ob structive. But General Kanzler intends to get over the difficulty by appealing to:the.Pope direct. Borne, January 14. ' . This morning at 9 o'clock the Council assem bled at St. Peter's, - and after the celebration of the Mass of the Holy Ghost bj the Arch bishop of Florence, proceeded to elect the deputation for Oriental Rites and Apostolic Missions. The President Cardinal Legate then' delivered an address to the Fathers, adverting to the publicity which had been given to some of the transactions in the Council, admonishing them of the secresy demanded by these solemn consultations of the Church, and exhorting, them to he careful for the future of any indis i ere' ion in this respect. His Eminence nlso spoke of the importance of time, and recom mended the Fathers to be as brief as possible in their remarks, not seeking to make speeches of display. but confining themselves to the delivery of opinions calculated to promote peace and order in the Church. At the conclusion of this address the Council entered on the dis cussion of the two projects of decrees relating to discipline, which are likely to he severely criticised. To-day speeches were delivered by five bishops. Among those who have inscribed their names to speak are Monsignor Darboy, Archbishop of Paris and Monsignor Dtipanloup. I am informed that the Archbishop of Paris has prepared a brilliant oration on the project re lating to bishops, condemning if in the strongest terms. He has been heard to say that the pro ject treats at great length of the duties of the bishops, but it is nllogethcr silent respecting, their privileges and rights. The Vatican now asserts that the phalanx arrayed on the side of authority has daunted the Opposition, so that its members no longer dare to express their opinions openly, but havo left the movement to a commision," composed, of the boldest and most violent of their num ber. It was this commission, they tell us, that drew up and signed the memorandum against infallibility From tlio sumo quarter we learn tliat the Pope received the memoran dum with derision, and wrote upon it the word "Negative." But I believe this statement to be false as the first. The petition in favour Of infallibility, however, has certainly gained ground, the signatures having increased to- 50t). which was originally stated to lie the number of the majority. But tlio additional fifty" is no doubt composed of the wa verers, who waited to see how the balance would tnrri. The reactionists declare, indeed, that the petition bears 000 signatures; but, though all the pow er of the Vatican have been brought into play in its favour, only 500 bishops had signed up to this morning. The Bishop of Orleans is said, to be satisfied with the assurance of the Pope on tho subject. The Holy Father said he had convoked tho Council from a belief that such a step was required by the state of the Church, and that ho wished every bishop to express his opinions freely, and vote accord-, ing to his conscience. After dismissing Mon- signi r Dupanloup, the Holy Father received another bishop, who is a member of his house hold ; and this prelate, on coining out, was asked if the Pope had spoken about Monsignor Dupanloup. 'He -spoke of him plainly enough,' answered the prelate, who belongs to the reactionary party : he called liiin Judas ' THsstoiy was reported both to the Pope and Monsignor Dupanloup, and greatly incensed the Holy Father, who declared the prelate had told a lie; and an officer was sent to tell him ho must go and ask pardon of Monsignor Du panloup before ho appeared again at tlie' Vatican. Rome, January 20. At tho sitting of the Council this morning, after the celebration of the Mass of tlio Holy Ghost by the Archbishop of Milan, the secrc-' tary announced the names of tlio Fathers elected to_ the Deputation on Oriental Rites and Missions. Tne commission is composed largely of Eastern prelates, but includes Dr. Grant, Bishop of Southwark, and Dr. Lynch, Bishop of Toronto. As soon as tho names weve proclaimed, the two first projects on dis cipline were again brought under discussion, and led to an animated debate. Thu principal speaker was Monsignor Matchers, Archbishop of Cologne, who, in a long mid eloquont speech, attacked every part of tlic propositions. The Archbishop added force to the arguments used by Cardinals Schwartzcnburg and Mathie.u and the primate of Hungary, in tho sitting of the 14th, while liis language was characterised by great moderation. Tho speech produced a deep impression on the Fathers, particularly whon ho reminded them bow constantly tho Holy See had encroached on the privileges of tho bishops, who wcro now by these dec rees to bo deprived of the right of nominating their vicars-general. Five other bishops took part in tho debate, and pronounced against the decrees. It is probable that great opposition will be excited also by tho new projects of decrees which relate — 1, to tho lives of the clergy ; ar.d 2, to the Little Catechism. The design of the last proposition is to prescribe one catechism for tlio whole Catholic Church. There is now a doubt whether the Council can hold its third public session on February 2, as .intended. The Commission on Dogma finds it. impossible to modify the schemata on Rational ism so as to Bntisfy fho mnlcontcnt bishops, unless it ignores altogether the labours of the preparative committee ; nud if this is not "done tlio presentation of tho report, must lead to a renewal of the debate. The sole object of the proposed sitting of February 2 is to promulgate the. decrees, and these must first be brought- again before, the Coiuicil, and receive its sanc tion. Some time ago the rotrogrndists gave out that they would be supported by Monsignor Hefelc, Bishop of 'Rottenburg, who was to ro- ccive tho Pope's -.hospitality at tlio Quirinnl. - Tho Opposition . ho wcver, spenk confidently of the steadiness of Monsignor Ilefcle, and, as .ho lias just arrived in Rome, wb shall soon hear his. opinions from his own 'lips. - Very strict orders .havo been givon at tlio tele graph office to transmit no despatches from tho Gnllicnn ; pnrty -or the Opposition, At, St. Peter's the Swiss' guards keep the public at a greater distance than ever from the Council- halls,' so that now it is not only impossible to- hear the, voices of tlio speakers, but, difficult even to catch the sound of the President-: Legate's bell. As the retrogradists' persist 'in asserting that the petition in favour -of the infallibility has re ceived GOO signitures, I WPe been at" pains to learn from a high source at ,-the 'Vatican, the exact position of the question, and I boliove tho 1 facts may be relied upon ; but tlio deductions must bo 'regarded as tho partial conclusions of one' who supports t-lie dogina. : The Supremo Commission has received three postulate in favour, of tho definition of tlio nogma. The first pqstula/um, avoiding the term infallible, uses the .words, ' supreme ideoquc nb crroro immmiis anctorifas Supremi Pontificis.' : This petition is signed by 400 bishops. The second, poslidatuinds iron! tho Neapolitan bishops, .and is much more pro nounced. The words Vised are, ' Romanus Pon- tifex in omnibus rebus fife ct morinri inftilli- bilis.' Tlio third' post-it latum is from 'the Spnnisli bishops, who go- far beyond the others, and adopt. tho dogma- as it was held by grand inquisitors in the age of Philip, II. The tlireo petitions "give a totnl o'f 500 signatures. None of the. petitions lias been signed by a member of tho sacred College. The other abstainers are all members of the Commission: do Postulatu and of tin? -Deputation on Dogma, all t-lie bis hops and archbishops resident at Rome, and -all the bishops Who, though 'favourable to the pro clamation of tho dogma, wish the question to be fairly discussed in the Council without pressure. According to this.' view, the dissentiments do not exceed fifty, and the proclamation of the dogma 'may be considered as certain. But I repeat, mj' report, comes from a partisan, tliouglijone who is well informed, -and who states only what lie believes. Nor ean .it bo denied .that -many have, joined the Iufalliblist-s from a. belief that - the Pope is committed to tho dogma, and that: its rejection by the Council, after the subject has been so much agitated, would deal a heavy blow at liis authority. ' 1 Tho Empress of Austria has gone. '.Rome; January. -21. Tlio speakers at tho meeting of the Couucil tlic day before yesterday we're — Monsignor Spaccapiet'ra, Archbishop of Smyrna ; Moiisig nor Darboy, Archbishop of Paris ; Monsignor Meichers, A; chbishop of Cologne; Monsignor Gandolfi, Bishop ofCivita Vcccliia ; Monsignor Purlatore. Bishop of San Marco; and Monsig nor Chai'bonncaux, Bishop of Tessa in parlihus. Both Monsignor Meichers and Monsignor Dar boy delivered brilliant orations, and were listened to with marked attention. Monsignor Darboy attacked the two decrees relating to bishops :in their whole bearing, and denounced them as subversive of episcopal rights, and a step in the policy of encroachment. Monsignor- Meichers followed the same line of argument, but spoke with even more energy, taking the decrees point by point, and unmasking in a bold and relentless manner, the designs of the Court of Rome, or rather of its present advisers tho Jesuits. This morning, after the celebra tion of the Mass of the Holy Ghost, according i to the Mnrtfnite rite, by the Archbishop of , Cyprus, tlic debate was resumed, and five more : bishops delivered their opinions on tho de- j creis. One of these orators was the Bishop of j Orleans, who to-day made hi$ first speech in the Council, and on his; appearance in the" k tribune, riveted' all; eyes, j Monsignor Dupan loup did not disappoint the general expectation. He speaks latin as fluently as French, and his ' \- fine olear voice macle it almost as' compre hensible. Tho speech, was a vigorous defence of tho rights of bishops, and as energetic a de nunciation of tlio decrees, which ho placed in the same light as Monsignor Meichers. I may remark here that, on the great question of the day in Rome the Bishop of Orleans has found an unexpected adversary, 110 other than an English Protestant, Mr. David Urquliart. This- gentleman, whose name you have heard before, has stepped forward as tho chnmpion of infallibility, and an amusing correspondence has pnsscd between him and Monsignor Du panloup. Precautions continue to bo taken to surround the Council with greater secrecy, although the retrogradista duny that any of the proceedings - have transpired. But the exhortation ad dressed to the Fathers by Cardinal dc Angclis, iu the congregation of the 14th, - not only admitted . the truth of some of the reports, but implied that the in formation must have emanated from members of the Conncil. The bishops have just received a second exhortation to secrecy, in tho shape of a monitum from the Secretary-General. This monitum is said to be a copy of the one address ed Jo the Fathers of tlic Council of Trent by ; Monsignor Massarelli, the secretary-general of that assembly, so that there would scorn to have been correspondents, if not reporters, even iu those days. The Council lias now a very efficient staff of reporters of its own, and Cardinal Mnthieu was so satisfied with- their ' report of liis speech in the congregation of the - 14th that, on reading the proof, lie remarked, ' Tin s'e'iographcrs of the) French Senate could not have done better.! At this morning's sit-" ting of the Council some further projects of de crees were distributed to the Fathers. The Deputation for Dogma has at last come' ' to a decision as to the form it will givo to the' ' revised schemata 011 Rationalism, and hopes are entertained of satisfying tlio Opposition and avoiding a second debate. 