DEAN FITZGIBBON' S LECTURE. Sir — I am grateful to y,u correspondent of the 18th January tor affording me another opportunity to elucidate the truth of which he signs himself a lover. To love truth is a good thing, but to po sess it and obey it much better. When we have examined the unproved assertions of your correspondent, we shall see on which side it lies. Under the garb of truth I am sorry to find his letter amass of misrepresentation, perhaps not wilful, but that does not lessen the injury which" may be done to unsuspecting minds. I deem it a duty, therefoe, although your correspondent writes anonymously, to come forward and answer him openly. He tells us in his second paragraph that he writes, "not merely for the gratification of Protestant readers, but that sincere and honest-minded Roman Catholics may understand that the position assumed by Protestants is legitimate and in harmony with the faithful service of God, as it is enjoined by the Sacred Scriptures." This I cannot agree to ; on the contrary, the position assumed by Protestants is most illegitimate ? it is opposed to reason to Scripture; and if its fundamental principle, private judgment, is pushed to its necessary conclusions, it would lead necessarily to Ritualism and Atheism. I will prove my assertion. Reason is our guide to natural things, Revelation in supernatural things. Reve'ation teaches mysteries, impervious., unintelligible to reason. How is reason to discover them ? by her own strength, or by a direct communication from God ? By the latter of course. What God reveals must be true, for He cannot deceive or be deceived — if He reveals mys teries such as the Trinity and the Incarnation, it is our duty to believe him, no matter how unintelligible to our reason. The whole question then resolves itself into this— whether God has made this revelation or not. If he has not, then every one may believe anything or everything he pleases; but if God has revealed supernatural things, then, no matter how numerous or strange they may appear to us, we are bound to submit our reason to a higher authority, and this authority is no other than the Word of God testifying to such revelation. But we are agreed that God has made this revel a Ion. Now, Protestants affirm that they believe reve lation, but that the authority on which they believe it is fallible; that is, their churches are fallible, their ministers are fallible, themselves are fallible, and nevertheless they believe, or profess to believe, truths which no human mind can understand (such as the Trinity) on human erring authority ; and I ask, is not this acting against reason ? Protestant faith is, therefore, human faith, built on a sandy foundation ; it is like sailing to eternity in a leaky ship; and what is this but to act against reason ? On the other hand, how do Catholics act? They know well that men are fallible by nature, bishops and popes though they be ; but they believe that God for the sake of preserving His Revelation from being altered, corrupted, or lost, selected a certain body of men — the Apostles and their lawful successors — to be the guardians and depssitaries of His Truths; and to enable 'hem to discharge worthily this onerous duty till the end of time, was pleased to promise to keep them from error , to be with them always ; and threatened the punishment of hell-fire to all who would not believe their word on His autliority ; in a word, fallible as they were by nature, he made them infal lible by grace. Catholics, therefore, believing truths above re ison believe them on a divine authority, and their faith is a divine faith, built upon a rock, tint rock being the Church, the Pillar and Ground of Truth ! Your intelligent, impartial readers will judge from this whether Catholics or Protestants act more in conformity with reason and common sense. But I must go still further and show that Protes tantism leads to infidelity. I have already done so in my last letter, but it may be well to repeat briefly my argument, as the subject is of so much importance as to involve no less a matter than the loss or gain of eternal life. What means to be a Christian ? To be baptised and believe in Christ, will be generally admitted, I think. But Unitarians, for example, acting on private judgment, have denied the Trinity— therefore they don't believe in Christ; therefore, Pro testantism or its fundamental principle of private judgment has led them to deny Christ. Luther and Calvin deny free will ; if man is not free he cannot commit sin ; but God will punish him for doing certain things prohibited, or not doing certain things commanded. This would make God unjust. Now, an unjust God is no God, for in God there cannot be imperfection of any sort, otherwise he could not be God. Therefore Luther's principle of private judgment would destroy the idea of God, and lead to Atheism. I won't say that Protestants are Atheists, or even idolators, as some of them have said and continue Ito say to Catholics, but I will say that the fundamental principle of Protestantism leads consistent men to deny one article of faith after another till at length they have to say — "I will only believe what I can understand." And this means I will believe nothing, . or next to nothing, for reason cannot understand supernatural truths, which are above reason. And this it is which has given birth to Rationalism and Indifferentism wherever Protestantism obtained a footing I must now show that Protestants cannot fall back upon Scripture, by saying they rest their faith not on fallible human authority, but on the infallible Scriptures. But this is a false supposition, as we shall see presently. The Scriptures are the word of God; if so, they can't teach contradictory doctrines. They can't teach the Unitarian to deny the Trinity, and the Episco palian or Presbyterian to believe it ; they can't teach one the necessity of infant baptism and another its non-necessity. A thing cannot be true and false at the same time ; therefore if, for example, the Catholic Church finds the doctrine of purgatory in the Scriptures, or any other doctrine taught by her, while Protestants cannot find them — and, moreover, if Protestants themselves draw from them contradic tory doctrines — is it not manifest we must have another authority than the Scriptures, an inter preter sure and unerring to give us their true sense and meaning ? And so true is this that St. Peter in one of his epistles, writing of St. Paul, says — " There are some things (in his epistles) hard to to be under stood, which the unlearned and the unstable wrest, as they do also the other Scriptures, to their own destruction," 2 Peter, nr. 16. Now, we all know the unlearned form the majority of mankind. From the commencement of the world this has been so, is so at present, and must necessarily be so from the nature of society itself. The unstable, or fickleminded, form no doubt a considerable portion too. We know also that the majority of Christians are not and cannot be learned. If, therefore, the words of St. Peter are inspired words, and who will deny it unless those who reject the Bible, and Christians interpret the Bible by private judgment, the majority of Christians would wrest them to their own destruc tion ; and as a nesessary consequence, the majority of Christians must be damned by reading the Scriptures, not only in this age, but from the beginning of Christianity : a frightful thing to contemplate, but nevertheless the natural result of Protestantism. I think now that I have proved what I asserted — that the position assumed by Protestantism is not legitimate , and is moreover destructive of all faith, and leading directly to atheism, Again, " Lover of Truth" has the following — "It- is right and only right to appeal to the judgment and conscience, and only courteous to cor cede the right of pnvate judgment to all. Had this principle been recognised by the Roman Church in ages pat, the 50,000 Huguenots who were massacred in France on St. Bartholomew's Day would have been spared, and the pages of church history would not have been blackened by so many deeds of cruelty. But surely some one will say, the Roman Pontiff did not give his sanction to such cruelty, did he ? I am sorry to say he did. When Pius V. sent a small army to assist the French Catholics to root heresy, he gave to the leader, Count Santafiore, the terrible order to take no Huguenot prisoner but to kill forthwith every Protes tant that should fall into his hands. It is necessary to enlarge upon deeds like these ; they have been resorted to hundreds of times to secure an external religious uniformity and to enable the Roman Court to exercise unlimited authority." What shall we say to this paragraph ; is it true or false ; are the conclusions deduced legitimate, or otherwise ? It is not to the point at all, and it is waste of time, and throwing dust in people's eyes to talk of persecution by Catholic princes, when we re member the penal laws in England and Ireland, when the very Fathers of Protestantism gloried, I might say, in urging it on bv word and example. However, as the massacre of Saint Bartholomew seems a grand point with some Protestants against the Catholic, it may be worth while to enter somewhat into detail. But first, let us see what is meant by private judgment, and how far it can be conceded to all. I suppose most people will admit that private judgment is the right to profess or follow any religion, so long as it does not infringe on the rights of others, disturb the peace of society, nor violate the laws of morality. With some people it means tnat fhey,. and only they " are the salt of the earth," whilst the rest are idolaters, usurers, drunkards, etc. When I hear certain phrases, such as private judgment, toleration, and the rest— words of vague meaning, bat con veying a sound of liberty always agreeable to human pride— I am forcibly reminded of what a witty gentleman once said: "All men are free and equal, but some more so than others." So, when Protes tants speak of intolerance, it means " Protestants and Catholics are free and equal, but Protestants more so ." If Protestantism has persecuted from her cradle, as Rousseau truly states, that is nothing, but if a Catholic prince has persecuted, that is intolerable. Now if private judgment keeps within just limits well and good, but if private judgment leads a man to throttle you, and say "your money or your life," "Lover of Truth," would very likely give him both rather than be uncourteous. What is true of an individual case is equally true when applied to society. Now what is the fact about this massacre? I will explain it by an example. Supposing the Quakers or any of the smallest sects in England had fomented a rebellion, had committed many excesses, had iavited a foriegn army on English soil, had surrendered to that foreign enemy two English seaport towns ; had moreover assassinated the greatest Captain then in England, let us say the Duke of Wellington; bad been guilty of treachery to their Sovereign, and once attempted his life, and obliged him to ride to London for fourten fours without rest, food or drink ;— if then the King or Queen of England found the leaders of those rebels in London, and gave orders to put them to death, what would people in England say ? They would say it was an act of retaliation, of revenge, or of State policy on the part of the Govern ment, according as their feelings or judgment might lead them. Now this is exactly what occurred in Paris. The King gave orders to assassinate Coligni, and his followers. This Coligni, the Huguenot leader, had employed a man to assassinate the Duke of Guise, and at last he fell himself a victim to his own weapons. In the name of common sense and justice what had that fact to do with the Catholic Church ? The Huguenots were rebels, traitors to their country ; had attempted the life of the King, had been guilty of every excess and treachery ; and then because the young King and his Court, in a moment of political, national, and religious excitement through fear, revenge, or State policy, or political expediency adopted a cruel and exceptional course of justice, it is forsooth ascribed to the doctrines of the Catholic Church, Then he cites some orders supposed to have been given by Pius V. to his general Santafiore, but it is not stated where those orders are to be found, nor under what circumstances they were spoken, if spoken at all. But granting even they were spoken, what do they prove? Nothing at all, in connection with the massacre. As it happens, Pius V, was dead before occurred; and if ever there existed a Pope to whom Christianity and civilization owes a deep debt of gratitude, it is this same Pius V.; for it was owing chiefly to his zeal and exertion that Europe leagued together against the Turks, and under Don John of Austria, won the famous naval battle of Lepanto, by which their power was completely broken, and Christendom saved the eternal disgrace of being sub jected to Mahommedans and barbarous Turks. The political acts of princes are not to be con- founded with the doctrines of the Catholic Church, nor are the Pope's acts as a temporal sovereign to be identified with faith and dogma. The number of those who lost their lives in that massacre was frightfully exaggerated; at first it was 100,000, then it fell to 70,000, then to 30,000, 20, COO, 15,000, and at last to 10,0 0; but now the number through " Lover of Truth" jumps up to 50,000 whereas the exact number is 786 — inconsiderable when compared with the others, but nevertheless too great in itself. The latter number is obtained from returns sent to Paris by the Huguenot ministers themselves. The next paragraph of your correspondent intro duces Macaulay, and contains a fair amount of asser tion without any proof. However he admits a " long line of Pontiffs in the Romish Church for the last thousand years," which is a little more than other churches can boast of; but he won't admit that the "Romish Church is identical with the spiritual Church founded by the inspired Apostles of our Lord. Well, if he won't admit it, I can't force him, so we had better go on to something else. He says, Macaulay calls the Church a work of human policy ; very likely, he was not a Catholic but very probably a Rationalist. So Dr. Colenso calls the Bible (the Old Testament, I mean) a work of human policy, and still the Old Testament is inspired in spite of that. Again he is not pleased at my asserting that " for 1,500 years the Roman Catholic Church was the only Church of the world." I suppose I have as much reason to make assertions as any one else, especially if I can prove them. Who was head of the Christian commonwealth when Luther appeared ? The Pope. Who was Head in the eleventh century ? The Pope. Who was Head in the sixth Century, and who sent Missionaries to England to convert the English ? Why all the world knows : the Pope. In the fifth, fourth, third and second centuries, in like manner, the Popes of Rome were the universally acknowledged Head of Christendom, as we shall see a little further on. I admit that in almost every age there were heresies, Gnostics, Arians, Nestorians, Eutychians, Iconoclasts, and a host of others; but these cannot be called churches — if so, error is truth, light darkness; to deny Christ is the same as to believe in Him, and to be an infidel quite as good as to be among the faithful. Then he quotes Ranke, a Protestant Historian, Monostico, another, Mosheim a Protestant if not a rationalist ; and he tells us they said this, that, and the other, but their word is no proof. These Protes tant historians say so, therefore it is so — a very poor argument indeed. There is a quotation from Ranke, but I can cite one also from Ranke. Here is his quotation, but it is a garbled one : — " No long time had elapsed before the Bishops of Rome acquired the supremacy, It is indeed, a vain pretence to assert that this supremacy was universally acknowledged by east and west, even in the fi:st century. ' This is your correspondent's quotation, but he might have finished the sentence — '"or, indeed at any time; but it is equally certain that they quickly gained a pre eminence raising them far above all other ecclesias tical dignitaries." go " Lover of Truth " quoted half the sentence and left out quite truthfully the remainder. Again I open Ranke's Preface to his History of the Popes, and I find the first sentence to consist of these words : — " The power of Rome in the early and middle ages is universally known; in modern times also, she has exercised renewed influence over the world." go much for the testimony of Ranke. As to the second, I will cite his words : — " It is intended to prove by the uninterrupted existence of the Vaudois Church the perpetuity of the Primitive Church, represented to-day not only by the Church in the valleys of Piedmont, bat by all her sister Evan gelical Churches founded solely on the Word of God." He intended to prove that modern heresies are relations of ancient heresies. I have no doubt that he intended to do it, and if he proved it so much the worse for himself; for then, Manicheans who denied the existence of God, Arians who denied Christ, Eutichians who also denied the humanity of Christ, Nestorians, etc., are relatives, very near and intimate friends of heretics at the present day, some of whom deny the Eucharist, others baptism, others the Bible, others the Trinity. He goes on to say: " That a large body of Protes tant christians existed before the sixteenth century is evident from the fierce persecutions that were waged." I must say this is a curious argument. There were numerous persecutions waged before the sixteenth century, and therfore there were numerous Protes- tautt. I deny the conclusion. For the three or four first centuries there was always or nearly so per secution against the Christians, particularly those at Rome, and strange to say these Christians were all Roman Catholica. I wonder he didn't say that Pro testant Christians existed before Christ," nay even before the flood. I could name one or two splendid Protestants who flourished before the flood. In the thirteenth century, the above-mentioned author tells us 'during the first fifty years of this century, it is estimated that a million of Albigenses lost their lives, victims of the hatred, barbarity, and superstitution of the Roman Church.' Well it is a nice estimate to be sure, but then it is easy to esti mate a thing, but strange to say, estimates are not always pzssed. They have to be examined and undergo a rigorous scrutiny before they are passed. So with the Albigenses. I hope ' Lover of Truth ' does not claim any relationship with them ; if he does, so much the worse for himself. Your readers may be desirous to know who they were. They are called by that name from a city named Albi, in the province of Languedoc, in the south of France. They got the name from that city, but their real name be - fore they appeared there was Manicheans. They denied the existence of the true God by admitting two Gods, one of whom created the souls of men, the other, the bodies. One was called the Good Principle, the other the Evil Principle. The latter created the world — therefore the world was bad; the human body having been created by the Evil Principle, therefore the propagation of the human race was a so bad.; flesh meat was bad, wine was bad, marriage was bad, but incest and other crimes against nature were very good' These were some of the prominent doctrines of the Albigenses, and very nice some of them, and very agreeable to human pride. However, their private judgment went a little further: they bgan to excite seditions, to raze churches, murder women and children, till at last society had to protect itself. Society, morality, and justice were attacked, and society was compelled to defend herself— hence the loss of life, hence the hatred, barbarity, and super stition of the Romish Church, who identified herself with the cause of outraged humanity, threw her egis over sacred morality, earned for herself the hatred of ignoble minds, but obtained the gratitude of true Christians, and real lovers of truth. If ' Lover of Truth ' claims those heretics for his friends, and a link of his church, what next? Why I don't envy him in the least, but I hand him over with great pleasure the enemies of Christ, morality, justice —nay the enemies of human nature. We come now to another paragraph of assertion. He says ' If we turn to Mosheim, we learn that all the primacy which the Bishop of Rome enjoyed in the third century was one of precedence and not of power and authority.' Mosheim was a Protestant if not a Rationalist. He says so, but his words are worthless without proof. I can bring proofs that the Pope of Rome exercised jurisdiction in east and west in the first and second century, and what is the use of Mosheim's testimony, a man who lived 1600 or 1700 years ago. For example; St. Ignatius, a disciple of the Apestles, addressed his celebrated epistle to the Church, which he says ' presides in the country of the Romans.' In the second century St. Ireneus, a disciple of St. Polycarp, who was a disciple of St. John the Evangelist, referring to the tradition of the Apostles, preserved in the Church of Rome, calls it 'the greatest most ancient, and most universally known, as having been founded by St, Peter and St. Paul; to which every Church is bound to conform by reason of its superior authority. These words are taken from his book against heresies, Book 3, chap. III. We are told by Euselius, in his Ecclesiastical History, that even at this early period Pope Victor exercised his authority over the Bishops of Asia, and threatened them with sentence of excommunication front their irregularity in celebrating Easter, but was prevented by St. Ireneus, urging him to more lenient measures. Again, St. Cyprian, in his epistle to Pope Cornelius, affirms that the church was founded on Peter ; that he fixed his chair at Rome; that this is the Mother Church, and the root of Catholicism. And in his Epistle, No. 25, to the same Pope, he calls the See Of Rome, the See of Peter, the Head Church, and source of ecclesiastical unity. In the beginning of the fourth century, Athanasius, appealing to the Bishop of Rome, calls the Roman Church, ' the Mother and the Head of all other churches.' What weight can the opinion of Mosheim have against these testimonies of the early doctors and fathers of the Church. ' Hence Cyprian and others disregarded the judgment of the Bishop of Rome whenever it appeared to them to be incorrect.' He farther tells us' during the fourth century the Bishops of Rome did not possess supreme power and jurisdiction -in the Church.' Who said so, Mosheim or Cyprian? I think I have shown that St. Cyprian acknowledged in a most striking manner this power and jurisdiction. ' They were citizens of the common wealth, and though higher in honor, they obeyed the laws of the Emperors like other citizens.' What does this prove against the Popes? It proves that, until the Popes became the Kings of Rune and the Papal States, they were not Kings of Rome and the Papal States, I grant that by all means. The next sentence refers to the Emperor Constan- tine, and Pope Liberius, and asserts, but gives no proof, that the Pope subscribed the Arian Creed, which denied the divinity of the Saviour. There are people who say that St. Peter never was at Rome, but they can't prove it. Berkeley, the philosopher, denied the existence of bodies, but he couldn't prove it; so neither can it he proved that Pope Liberius subscribed tee Arian Creed. I am aware it has been asserted that he did, but the internal and external evidences are so strong against the accusat on as to point to an entirely different conclusion. I could cite numerous passages to prove this, from contemporary historians as well as facts and dates, by which it was not only morally but physically impossible. However it may be well to adduce one or two arguments for truth's sake. Socrates, in the 2nd Book of his Ecclesiastical His tory, chap. XXXVI F. ' Ceterum, inquit, Liberius. baud multo post ab exilie revocatus sedem suam recepit cum Populus Romanus, sedition facto, Felicem exyulisset, et im per a for licet invicus, assensum illi prebui-set.' Which translated is as follows: 'However, Liberius, not long after recalled from exile, obtained possession of his See, when the Roman people, having risen in insurrection, had expelled Felix, the Emperor, although unwilling, had consented to the recall of Liberius.' Now the Emperor was an Arian, and had driven the Pope into exile for not subscribing to Arianism; if therefore the Pope had afterwards assented to the Emperor, it could not be said the Emperor was almost compelled to restore him; on the contrary the Emperor would have been only too happy on the occasion. Besides the Roman people rose against the Emperor, and through fear he con- sented to the recall of Liberius. Sulpicius Severus, in his sacred history, Book 2. chap. XL IX. bears a similar testimony, so also Theodoretus and Cassio- dorus. But to proceed: the next point 13 the decree or suppised decree of the Council of Chalcedon, ia the fifth century. ' That the Bishop of Constantinople ought to enjoy the same honors and prerogatives with the Pontiff of Rome, on account of the equal rank and digniiy of the two cities' Here again 'Lover of Truth ' unconsciously betrays himself, and virtually admits the Pope's supremacy. Ah, it is a hard matter to fight against the Truth. What is the meaning tf this canon above quoted ? It says the Bishop of Con stantinople (the new capital of the Roman Empire) cuglit to enjoy the same honors and prerogatives as the Bishop ot Rome— therefore up to the fifth century the new metropolis of the Roman Empire had begun to aspire. Now for three centuries nearly all the Roman Pontiffs died martyrs for the faith. In the four tn century Constantine the Great removed the eat of empire to Constantinople; therefore Rome was no longer the capital of the Roman Empire, aud any honors she may have enjoyed could not have come to her on that head. Her honors and prerogatives were of another kind, of a spiritual nature, founded on the words said to Peter, ' Thou art a rock, and upon this rock I will build My Church.' Now what is the fact? The Orientials were jealous of rhe Latins, the Greeks in particular. Some of the Bishops proposed this Canon in the Council during the absence (temporary) of the Papal Legates. All the Ecumenical Councils, whether held in the e st or west, were presided over by the Popes or their repre sentatives, and the decrees of any Council had to he approved by the Pope to become valid. Now .this de cree, proposed during the absence of the Pope's re presentative, was no decree at all — t was merely an informal proposition. It was never approved, and consequently never became law, and was never recog nised as such even by the Orientals, I might as well say that if a member of Parliament in South Aus tralia should stand up in his place in the House of Assembly, and propose, for example, the inspection of Convent, and should get a few others to vote with him, this without the presence of even the Speaker or the sanction of the Governor, would be a decree of the South Australian Parliament. Such was the de cree of the Council of Chalcedon. I asked for proofs of the Church having invented new dogmas or become corrupt, and I get the fol lowing words quoted from a decretal of Clement VI., but what decretal it is, in what book, where to be found, or who inserted it, there is no mention ; so for aught that I know, it is not there at all. But for argument's sake let us suppose the words are truly quoted and see what they mean. " One drop of Christ's blood being sufficient to redeem the whole human race, the remaining quantity was left as a legacy to the Church, to be a treasure from whence indulgences were to be drawn and adminis tered by the Roman Pontiffs." " Lover of Truth" asks is there any warrant for such a doctrine as this in any part of the Sacred Scriptures ? There is, I answer confidently. What did Christ say to the Apostles? " Whose sins ye shall forgive, they are forgiven, whose sins ye shall retain they are retained," St, John Chap. 20. Again " Whatsoever ye shall bind upon earth, shall be bound in heaven, and what soever ye shall loose upon earth shall be loosed also in Heaven," Matthew. And did not St. Paul grant an indulgence to the incestuous Corinthian, actng as he tells us in the person of Christ. He goes on and askes " Is it not too extravagant and monstrous to be received by any person having any claim to common sense ?" I don't think it mon strous at all to believe that one drop of Christ's blood is sufficient to redeem the human race. If I didn't believe it I should no longer be a Christian ; for to deny it involves a denial of the divinity of Christ. I should like to say something about the doctrine of indulgences, but there is no time now. I shall merely observe that an indulgence is not a licence to commit sin, but a remission of temporal punishment due to sin after the sinner has repented in his heart, and resolved to sin no more. Again he says " My own impression is that Catho lics with Protestants look directly to the blood of Christ, as shed for them as sinners, and expect to be saved through its efficacy." Of course Catholics look direcsly to the blood of Christ, but indulgences only apply the blood of Christ for the benefit of their souls; therefore the doctrine is holy and scriptural. Again, he says "Christ fo His own dispenser cf spiritual blessings, as we learn from His words " 1 gave unto them eternal life." Now St, Paul says "So let a man account us as the ministers of Christ and the dispensers of the mysteries of God." 1st. Epistle to Corinthians, 4c. lv. Therefore St. Paul is contrary to ' Lover of Truth." Finally as a last resource, we have a quotation from the Rev. Mr. Efoulkes, who from having been a Pro testant, became a Catholic, and lately it would seem has returned to his former faith. Mr. Efoulkes blames the Popes for the revolt from authority of the sixteenth century : this revolt being the Reformation, nad adds "When I contemplate the divisions of ChristeLdom, past and present, and search history for their origin, I find it is the conduct of the Popes more than anything else for the last 1,000 years, in governing the Church, which has divided the Church." Well this is Mr. Ffoukes's opinion, but he gives no proof", except admissions against Protestantism. He calls it a revolt from authority, therefore he comes in collision with St. Paul, who says, " Let every soul be subject to the higher powers, for he that resisteth the power resisteth the ordinance of God and purchr- seth to himself damnation." In fact, no truer defini tion could be given of Protestantism than a revolt against authority. I partly agree with him when he says that the Popes have been the cause of divisions by their manner of governing the Church. Pope Clement, when he refused Henry VIII. leave to dis card his lawful wife and marry another, was the cause (indirect) why Henry VIII. separated from the Catholic Church, and became Pope of England him self. " Where then shall we look for the element of thuth through which the soul is to be saved, and the Church guided in her course ?" The Holy Ghost came and taught the Church all truth, and now it seems we have only the elements of truth. I am afraid " Lover of Truth" has only got a few particles of truth, for out of the Church there cannot be much truth, if any? And how is the Church to be guided in her course ? How except by the Holy Ghost and Christ, who are to be always with her and teach her all truth ? He says ' In the writings of the Prophets and Apostles, who wrote under the inspiration af the Holy Ghost." Very good — let me remind him once more of what St. Peter wrote under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, " There are many things (in the Epistles of St. Paul) hard to be understood, which the unlearned and the unstable wrest, as also the other Scriptures to their own destruction." Therefore the elements of truth (so we have only the elements of truth in the nine teenth century) are to be learned from the Prophets and Apostles, from the reading of which, according to St. Peter, the mojority of Christians wrest their own damnation. Apologising for trespassing so much on your time and space, 1 am yours, &c.;, " DANIEL FITZGIBBON. January 25, 1870. 