THE FREIC TRAM! POLICY OF XEW merit walls. (From the Mrlbmirnr Aijpu, Jvly 22.) Wk are unselfish enough to .share in tlie fiel inj; of gnitifioatiuti expiessed hy the Sydney peoplo at tbe refusal of their representatives at tlie Intercolonial Conference to tamper witli the principles of coiniiiercial freedom. Tbere can be no question that tiie interests uf this (tort and of this colony are seriously prejudiced by tlie ronin teuauce of a fiscal policy b:u-ed upon the prin ciple of protection : yet we do not know that we ouglit tu desire a partial relaxation of that policy at the expense of a sacrifice by our neighbours of their settled convictions. Our Sydney corrcs pondeut assures us that in that city, as well as in the important port of Newcastle, free trade is somotbing more than an English tradition ur au economic theory. It is interwoven with tiie in terests of the people, and tbe metropolis of New I South Wales will be 'the last city of Australia in which free trade will give up tbe ghost.' It wili be a great gain to the good cause to find one colony remaining unwavering in its allegiance to sound maxims uf commerce, and to a just and | rational system of taxation, and reproaching its neighbours, by the vigor of its growth and the rapidity of its progress, for their perverse attach ment to fiscal errors which are dying out in all other parts of the world. If the enterprise of the heople -)f New South Wales is at all corres pondent with the enlightened judgment of its rulers, we may anticipate a prosperous career and a great future for that colony. ' It happens tu be the interest uf Sydney,' writes our correspondent, ' to maintain itself as nearly as possible in the position of a free port.' The remark, wuftf m mutandis, would equally apply to Melbourne. It is the interest of every producer to procure the raw material whicli he fabricates, and the implements which he employs in the process, as cheaply as possible, both to reduce the cost of production to a minimum, and to increase the sura of the commodity pro duced to a maximum. It is equally the interest of every consumer to obtain the largest possible measure of the necessaries and comforts of life, in their greatest variety, at the lowest cost. All these conditions exist where free trade prevails, but they are disturbed or destroyed when the State officiously steps in, as it has done in this colony, and with a ludicrous assumption of omniscience and despotism, undertakes to deter mine what industries ought to be pursued, and then proceeds to impose certain taxes upon all persons engaged in every other occupation, in order that the exceptionally favoured industries may be encouraged and protected. Such an in terference with the liberty uf the subject, and such a robbery of the many fur tbe gain of the few, has provoked discontent, and brought about revolutions, when it originated with arbitrary monarohs. But when it is affected under tbe authority of the unintelligent majority in a colo nial Legislature, and its really pernicious opera tion is misrepresented by sophistical arguments, and promoted by the adroit stimulation of popu lar delusions, men acouiesce in tbe unwarrant able infringtnent of Uieir rights with a placid stupidity and a servile resignation marvellous to behold. The miDer, for example, who waa restless and dissatisfied until he procured the re|*eal of the export duty of bftlf-a-crowu an ounce upon bis gold, now Bubmits without a murmur to be mulcted of at least 6s an ounce by tbeojwration of a protective tariff. In fact, we should be very much understating tbe matter if we as sumed that the purchasing power of 86s is no greater Bow, with respect to all imported com modities than was that of 60s seven years ago. Nevertheless, the miner was cojoled into voting for protectionist candidates because he Was told that protection would draw away numbers of persons from mining occupations to engage in ^manafactares, and tbrt there would be more sold or higher wagea for those who remained. We leave tbe miners themselves to say hnw far ttww expeetatkma bmve been fulfilled or faWfied. TbeopmtffM in tiiis city aaditacnbnrbs, as wtlltt la fitter ktv- *own«, wen ?dwmished Mt to asramr «t tfae incnMed cost of «fee Mri q^MtfaJ^rfcontttuiirtiuudMivwlfwurabroad, bftttase under * {UteMbaM tariff everybody wo^ fcrf w«ta5 eaptjymertrt high *age£ and weabouldaoon. bmtoDetatopebdttttf tbe faat^»fooyB*.M7»«ttote« * tte- frct tut iJw Mwiflwr OMMfefc ttfe HtjviB &iA; far S' k:-y- ? y.*.- : - :_ ,. .. - . ._ und tbnt there h a more tha« «s^ atnmint ot iKivarti' ««eltiiig relief by pubUo^nd private charity, we do Hot perceive tliat tbe tariff lias either increased nUi're-+i-urces m- aiaiinislied -mii burdeus. ttit uudeades have baen in a dia metrically opposlta direction, as any man cou versaut with tha history of protection in Europe or America might have confidently predicted the? would be. , ,„ W« are Ilk* the nuwkey in die fablfc He have suffered Mr. Fi-ftiim« to ssdse our till, and tte hx7« been eitdenvoilnug, throUgii the medium of that skilful operator, to prevail upon our ileigbbours U; undergo a similar inutilatioiu TLey reply tliat th«y would rather not The loss of an appendage, tbe prehensile capabilties of which ttiti wi eerviceablc, does but strike our DeigbboUiB w it) any way desirable. New South WaltiA, in pnificuUr, ni-ulers a state of nature to the sophisticated condition hi which Mr Francis lias left un. tf we prefer to crawl wlieu we tuiglit climb, th»t is our fiffsir. The elder colony boa nu belief in the frunciscan tbeorj', that you should maim a Uiub in order to enable you to run ft race. New South Wales Been wliat free Irftde lias diilie for England and wbnt protection liiiH iiuddiie for tlie United States, New South Wales lonka at tbe rniiiiimiidiiig jMi.siliim of its |-ritirij..il pint, ivuiAiiibara the coujnierd.il cre:it- ! »es» mid pulitiral inipiirtaiiRe of tlie liause |Tiiwns nni) ot t.Jeiiim and Venice, and fore CiinUlijT tlie fiilim.% i-BMilven to profit I'}' their (.?sample and to In- wiirned Iiy «-nr fully. u Victiu-iH is n»t iinwilliiiff to listen t» ihc (li-'tBto-j ut riiniiiicni .sL't^e, mi-l lctitni to the site, 'Un otli |mtli of frec-tnidp, which wmiM conduct (is Ui ' stHble pvospiirity, New Soiilb Wales will l»c very | luijipy to bear in uimpaiiy, :md tn trnvol hand ill luiiid aloii^ tlie patli. Hut if tliis colony, with (lie nj)!!jii)uatcsd ubdtuincy and wroug headudlli-HH whicli belong to an ogant youth and incxp«rifiii!C, is di'tcrniiiied U- peri-evere in cx liaustinj; its strength and bruising its feet in the ili-iise jungle of jiidtoctioji. New Smitli Wales prudently resolves to leave u.s Rtiu^ling in the thicket, jiihI to pu.tli on »-lieud ht-i'self. Who can blame her I 