THE WAR IN EUROPE. [Written for this paper by our Paris Corres '. pondent.] The excitement of the French for a foreign war is quite a different thing from that of a revolution. In the latter politi cal passions are divided — there is fratri cidal hate and pitiless revenge. In the former, as is the case now, the whole nation vies as one man to shake the great affliction — real or imagined — off. All voices are for war, and though wisdom may cry out as loud as she pleases in the streets, no one regards her. No doubt in their dreams the French see only visions of the shocks of armies. Dogs dream of bones, and fishermen of fish, and the military character of the Gauls is as intensified. Fighting is their natu ral element ; peace, but apparently a rest before re-engagement. In Europe France must be first — this position she will never abdicate while a drum and a bugle can call her sons to glory. The parting with life has no terrors for them, head foremost they plunge into danger, the more difficult the more honorable, and truly seek the bubble reputation at the cannon's mouth. Incapable to restrain a jealousy most sensitive, the French since 1866 have chafed at the sight of Prussian aggran disement. They have, with unconcealed rage, seen Bismarck eating up the petty rulers of Germany to carry out the greatest idea of modern times — the unifi cation of 60 millions of people, kept apart by the selfishness or ambition of Lilli putian potentates. He desired to gather the scattered Teutons into one fold under one shepherd. He had arransred everything; it only required the '%ld horse,' as he openly described the King, to take the fence, and clear it. The old horse, full of metal still, without spurring, was equal to the occasion. Since that successful leap in the dark, the French Parliament, the club orators, the press — have never lost an occasion to chant the ** downfall of Paris,' and up braid the Emperor with having failed to uphold the legitimate dignity of France. With this lesson brought home to men's business and bosoms, a state of chronic unrest was duly produced, and reflected in a general instability of trade and com merce. It was the shadow of Prussia that caused all. Hence only a spark was required to fire the train ; a word to slip the nation from its leash. The French Foreign Secretary applied the match, ex pressed the word ; and two 'of the most advanced nations in civilization — fright- fully energetic, extremely rich, with enormous resources — settle for the spring at each others' tjiroats. France, the home of wit, the centre of intelligence, with her history of sacrifices for human liberty, goes to decimate Germany — the land of science and philosophy ; the birthplace of thought, of reform ; the country of Goethe and Schiller — and to be decimated in return. Draw a veil over civilization. Let's talk of graves, of worms, of epitaphs. Let's ope ' The purple testament of bleeding war.' In so secretly conveying the offer of the crown of Spain to Leopold Hohenzollem, both Prim and Bismarck intended to cast a slight on France. It was so viewed, and resented. The Prince, to save the Gontinent a bloody struggle, resigned the bauble. Here, again, Prussia did not go out of her way to be complimentary to France. It was Leopold's papa that informed Prim and the French Prime Minister of his son's disinterestedness, and the Minister, overjoyed, broke through all diplomatic etiquette by hawking the telegram about, and boast ing the honor of France was saved and peace secured. But he reckoned without bis host. The latent burning desire of the nation — of the army — to cross bayonets with the Germans was awakened — war must be arranged — a peg secured to fasten a quarrel on Prussia. Perish the Ministry that cannot secure this, and a few hours will show the number of their days. King William must eat humble pie that would imperil his throne or fight. He must sign a humiliating bond, undertaking never to consent to Leopold's being King hereafter. He broke faith about the Treaty of Prague — conjure that before his eyes like a Banquo's ghost. But don't let hirn slip this time through our fingers, when the army is so perfectly prepared, the cause just, and the weather fine. The Legis lature and the Emperor must be the in terpreters of the national feeling. A plague on your Parliamentary , Bystem that gives Ministers unequal to the occa sion. Recall ambassadors ; proclaim war against Northern Germany ; placard it over the walls of Paris — the towns of the empire ; take Luxemburg to-day, Coblentz to-morrow, occupy Berlin the day after ; finish within our chartered time — three days ; break up the Con federation. The villany Bismarck taught let us execute by annexing Rhenish Prussia; restore Sleswig to the gallant Danes, whom we left to struggle alone in 1864 ; restore George V. to his loving Hanoverians, John to his Saxons, set Southern Germany free, and give a hand to the resuscitation of Austria. Such is to be the programme. In demanding King William, to do more than what was originally demanded, France has evoked the resistance of the Confederation. The Germans are not despicable troops, and France will light now under conditions different from the divided days of 1808. She has recalled her children who are employed in France largely as commercial clerks, and exten sively as hewers of wood and drawers of water. It must be a relief for them to depart for the Confederate Landwehr. The demonstrations against them by the populace were at boiling point. The war journals had fallen back on the literature of animosity. Anything is good enough to throw at a dog. , The Berangers of tne Cafe* Concerts have given ballads of their best, all attuned to the Marseillaise, and the burthen of which is, that the Prus sians will never reign in France. England had the honors of this prediction for merly, then during the Crimean times it passed to the Russians. The old proper ties have some virtue still. In a few days the theatres will keep the sacred flame burning by screaming farces, and genteel comedies, at the expense of Fatherland. Paris seems to live in its streets. ' No thoroughfare' Hught^be noticed up in the principal rues. It is a contagious blockade of excited masses demanding war, crying aloud for satisfaction, and the more pro found, because the want cannot be specifically diagnosed. Young men of all classes parade the streets with tricolors, vociferating for war — 'Down with the Prussians' — 'with Bismarck.' But long live France — the cabinet of 'honest men,' as the members styled themselves, only xe cepted. Its attitude has been epileptical — discretion and indiscretion ; its conduct at once rash, feeble, and inconsistent. Instead of mounting the capitol to thank the gods, it ought to pass to the Tarpeian rock — ? ' fittestjgrave of Treason's race.' The Emperor bows to the nation. He ?will lead the army to glory, and secure a dozen years of peace at home and the advent of his son to the Throne, despite the knocking at the gates of France by the Orleanist Princes for admission. He cannot resist the current of the national feelmg ; so, like Brennus the Gaul, he throws his sword into the scale. The preparations are most formidable. All the railways are occupied in trans porting military stores to the frontier, as well as men to use them. The Moveable National Guard — where every man of a fighting age must serve, without distinc tion — is being rapidly mobilised, and will occupy the military position of the Empire while the regular army is cutting its way to Berlin. Spain counts as nothing in this affair. France regards her as but the cat's paw. However, she will be watched on the frontier. The struggle opens with a duel between France and Prussia. The wind is being sown, but how nvmy of the 'neutrals' will escape reaping the whirl wind 1 Italy is sure of Rome. What will the Czar do ? It is time to be looking after his ' ' Sick Man. ' ^^ If inter arma silent leges be true, it 'will also hold good in the case of general news. Where is the country indifferent to a commotion in Europe ? How small appears the passing of the dogma of In fallibility. It is one Grand Lama more — it is not so much the official ratification of an accepted position after the lapse of eighteen centuries, as the declaration of war between the Church and Society, and which will in time bear fruit in separating Churches from states. To-day we want the clergy of Lutheranism and Catholicism to pray to the God of Battles ; to-morrow, to chant a De Pro fundis ; and in a week, a Te Deum. The sittings of the High Court, of Justice at Blois, the transport of the Sixty accused from Paris like a chain gang to stand their trial — pshaw ! The Lyons Exhibi tion, and the reputed Chinese massacre, pass as unheeded as the moon's total eclipse. Give us the statistics of iron clads, of Chassepots, of those mitrail leuses on both sides, that promise to end the war by leaving- no combatants to con tinue it. What about the economy effected in the Budget? The suppression of the ' Inspector of Emigration,' who had no emigrants to inspect 1 All very excellent — it gives more grist to the war mill. But vote supplies at pleasure, for the army of reserve, for rifled cannon, and repeating carabines. The 'Strike,' at Mulhouse, among 20,000 artisans, in cluding the honorable guild of sweeps ? It is but a flash in the pan. Pass to the latest telegram, the hundredth edition of The Situation, the plan of the German fortresses, the calculation when the tri color ?will float at Berlin, the conditions of peace, and the day when Paris will illuminate for victory. The ' drought' is forgotten, like every thing else. But if France is able to pay for her glory, she can also pay for a famine. In a river skirting Fontainebleau there is a huge boulder in the bed, now dry, and which has not been seen since two centuries, when the last dreadful drought afflicted France. At that period was engravjed on the stone, ' Those who have seen me cried, and those who may again view shall weep.' Tears are in the ascendant. Every allowance must be made for the crisis we are passing through. A few days ago a gentleman threw up his drawing-room window and fired off the contents of a six-chambered revolver. The police, believing the Prussians had arrived, rushed up stairs, and the gentleman informed them that his wife had just presented him with a son and heir, and, following the etiquette of royalty, he desired to give all eclat to the event, and, wanting cannon, had to patronise a pistol. We can only wait upon events. 