REVERIES UNDER A.GUM TRIE. (I I am an inveterate day-dreamer. Were c all the OCateaux en Zepagns-nll the '1 Cas- I ties in the Air"-that I have erected, habit- t able mansions, and their surroundin?s sub stntial and real, I would long since havoe been the most conten te 1 denizen of a paradisa I far surpassing the-happy valley of Rasselas. Stretched under a tcm, resting my "elbow and sido"-na old Cauehor tells us he was wont to repose himself in the mornings of t May, to look at the daisy-I give my I thoughts loose rein, and deliver myself up to dreams, at times as extravagant as those of Alnaschad. But my meditations do not always take a selfish course. It was only the other day that I was trying to realise to myself the future of this colony, speoulatini on what tile position of this mo lern Eldorado will be when M1ncasly's prophecy will have been fulfilled, and'the traveller from New Zealand returns from the old world by balloon ex prees,?bringing in his portfolio the picture of the ruins of St. Paul's sketched from tihe broken srobes of I.ondon Bridge. W'- bnrJgurmwEi?!l. uoadoptedcoipty g pre sent a century hence, when the inscriptions will be no longer leistlo on ourt tomb stones to our children's children in the third or fo rth generation playing at "chuck-far. thing" or "three-up" on our graves? When the names that now set the world in com motion shll be no longer heard of-when Valewill be unn emembered saveinthearobhiv s of some Orange Lodge, and Jores and Bogus Clarke will have luong been.forgotte.n, even by Ballaras West. When, alas for the enptines' of, earthly fame l'Pat., Hanna's labours will :be unprized by those Boroughs he:loved so well, and fir"which he worked so resolutely. When Higinbotham, n' longer troubled by the' "fever and the-fret of life;" shall slumber ih the silent city that'stir.1not at thed'e All :of'democrit or patrioian, :thht a wakes not to tile cry of firs or blood. When thie Irish new.eliiun' ivith b " bit of writin" from the parish priest' at liomsdinaotmld lr: land, will wish in, vaitrfur thereturn of the Iglldea age- when.John.surnamodthe "-Big"' :ruled thesla!d;V When the canny Caledoniap, ' fresh fritl"the Glyd?, ill eqnally rogrtt those Sdays "lang syne '.when, Jn mio M'Culoolo and Stndy Giant, "twa'liiidly Scots, "'were masters-of the colony, and made piovision' for: their brithers ifraeý.the. Land ,o' Cakes. ° When' people will r"ad'with asmazeient anid' admiratins ol:the.dleedds of lieroismi:prformtnd by our gallant and elegant policemnen.in'put suit- of a .bliodthirtsty Ibushranger n named y Power;as weto'day are lost iwastoni-hment nnd'applauisieas we peruse the terrible ,com iss' of the'-'Kitight of theo:orrowful fi'guri," a and the.'' T'remendous Adventures of Major O'Geoghegun. When the deeds of the bush rangers will be as, antiquated as the aleoof the Forty Thieves, and live only in story or in sons, like the days of all their` proto types, from Robin Hood to .Fra Dinavolo. Wheon :Ilutters will hbe rememb red as the i maton f the big'qiritiz ddilhond, and his" memory r..mail, inam rtalized thereby'; just a in oar day the flrsth ' and thetrealthiest is amongst the peers of Austrit-?Lichen-teirn e ---perpe atres. in his' name thit oifem'ory ; of the lucky .tinder of. ai,i bright stotie. iWhen all who now live an I -movo shall te at a rest, save ond exocpt- the restless asirit'of n George Pnton Smith, whose.'ghost; to .the terror of. nerrols.ouf ic keeperse will nightly SIhamtit the' Or. wna 1 liy Of??ces, to whiotli in a life hie so-prtimnaciously clurn,. Will plliti t oil- stdrms rate then' as noo??' .Hm'w will be the good ship fare when the hardy pilots of ,. to-day-men who know every shoal and rock, a every bai aind: buoyi in the palitical waters no linger stand by the helm ? Beut they will y have left.behind tthem charts carefully pre i. pared to guide their successors. \Will their a sono be wothly of their sire-? .Will they r be capable ofr akilln their fathola'.part, as _ aat present we sea Sta lay step into De rby's' i. Ilace, without any fear that he "vill"di-oedie e the- fatelof the griuid old' loryy--Ultiumtl il; 'R tioruiri' -itho 'has gone'?.. ftTherse's the Srub,'! smebsdy hais slid-it natsersinot who -fr the expression is not chlssioail;i'ti :; ti Iin many ins auces 'to be' only equal to their fathers will not render the s nsr of some n of:our great men of much useto tihe.couetry. SFor example,' the Cope, M\l L.A., of the Sfuture !mist be =rntm irkable for some other e quality besides eccentricity of pronunciatiou 0 aderrors ofspeeeli. - - . SEven .n.our own generation, pqople are i likely to, be weary of the pretsent unenlight. i enod; corrupt, unprincipled class of legisl tors. Ere long somo more tangible proofs of, ability, qualified by honesty of purpose,- will be required tob'e furnished by aspirants for legislative honours. Either thatr 'achbaos: of corruption will prevail; If we wish bur children to lbecomoe a great and prosperous peo?.oi, we must leave the?mt a -gool ex ample to follow. :; ,' ! . Bi monuensntum gerisarespics-The monu. inent of our generation` must be a legacy of good and wise laws, with the evidence of their just'and impartial, but-stern administrationa e by liiepr, aehable men ; equal'nd unoppres. sive taxation ; commercial integrity ; domes. tie fidelity ; private worth and lonour ; of these the chronicles of our times will be the testimony. The more materi lI monuments must.be those of our love of God, of our d sympathy and charity for our fellow-men in Sanlering, affliction, and distress.r' They will be found in' the churches which we have erected, and the noble institutions we'havo founded. According; to the proofse which ' we leave: behind,our chlildren "will emulate our devdotion andour gitneiosity. Look at the grand and glorious exampld which 'the SAmerioans. of the nlast century left to their childreihtn' and seo how idthoso children have treaiured it, and with what zeal they' have a imitated itInd wvith' what adv.ntage. To-day r, the Americans areithe greatest people on the face of the:eartih,' On theother'7hand, look k at theo-Turks. Obstinately devoted to the evil'exhiithl6 If their lIrogefitors--stupidly attOached to the .superetitioU?i belief in the " kisinet," bigotedly blind to the advance of Soivilization and the p'ogress of enlighton Sment, ia ,inc1 great anid lieroic race has do a genernlted into worthllesLaitiseante. Let' their retrogression continub as it cojnmonced, with the sume progress, and we may see the Sub; lime Porto a mondicant begging at his city 'gatesei at those very gatet wlht at lBells. riu, blind and in his old age, begged for an obolon-Bellearius, the mighty warrior who_ brought Meleager a captive chained to his chariot wheels. .Belisarius, the generoes, the constant, and fdilthful lover, who, laying his crown and his sceptre aside, wooed and won the lovely Roman actress Theodora, and shared his Imperial splendour with her But the decadence of Turkey is the repeti' tion of the sto 'y of the fall of the Persians, the ifedes, the Assyrians, the Greeks, and the Romans. The descendants of Sardan apalus are almost an unknown and unheard of people, the children of Nimrod are wander ing Bedouins, the people of the Pharoabh and the Ptolemies are the slaves of the Seraslier--the countryman of TUlysses, Aris tides, Epaminondos, Themistocles-" therepre-. sentative of the heroes of Marathon, Sala mis, and Leuc!ra is a prowling .thief-an unabashed liar. And the son of the Casars enjoys the dolos far-nienle in the Trastevere, another lotophogist sleeping away his life in his squalid home, as though he were seeking to forget the glorious pist. 'But, alas-' where is his courage ?. Where is the:indom itable courage which carried the te?rr of the Rliaiiii risa th6ir Jttifmaf5o 'Br if m Egypt to Spain ? It goes forth at night with the assassin's dagger, to prowl in the shadow of the lot'y palaces, to watch the victim of the Redrci'and the other." sects" to strike that villain cowardly blow which earns the price of blood.. Tius have nations fallen. Thus rain was a bequest from th,,ir' forofathe's. A day. ca.p-an evil day, when, in the very pride of triunph, fathers gave themselves up toe. luxury and excess. Theirchililren fillowed the evil example, and so generation followed generation, each outstripping the other in, vice and dissipation, until the time came. when the nation, exhausted from debauchery.. had neither the heart nor the nerve to resist.. Then came the reckless, drinc invader,.for his. triumph was soon secured, plunder and' ralpine followed, and then when the Bhrba rian conqueror had tasted the delights of'tho. decaying but luxuriant land of civilization hol cared not to .return to his rude home in. the wilderness. 'I he beledes :surprised Sar d;i??p1aluss "at' the banqmiet bly thie side off \Myrlrh, the lo. ly and devoted Ionian slave. The last of-' ypt's sovereigns, forgetting the honour and glory of her race andhber people,. tlirew hesi-elf, into:the arms of her Roman. conqueror, and soon was "compelled to put an end:to iher infamous career. If we want to' kinow what - sapped the power of the.: RobidW'a,;w~:have but to turn to Martial, to. ,lnven alet' Satires,' or to Lucan's "Phar=. sanlias.'c': Thl lillicit 'loveo'f Hel,,n and Paris. cdased thn siege and ruin of Troy. Don Roderick's uihallowed passion f-ri Count Julian'i daughter brought the Monrs- to spain, anl the inconstanoy- of Devoreil, the. wife of O'Rourke, of Breffni, led to the inva-. sion of Ireland by the English. The trans mission ,f evil examplle from sire to son has: b en rith curse of n'atins. This it was which deluged France with the ,bloidlof the'Revi lotion of 1782 -that. caused the Lor, to destroy Sodomu and Gomorrah.. Are we perfect?. Are;we w;ise: ina our,.., gederation? What sort, of an: example are woe oing .to: set our children? , I do not? stand up for an impossible virtue. .1 do not demand the plenitude of happiness and vir tue that lelongs to Utopia. We cannot make of thit our adopted land a pastoral re. puiblic like those of Plito and Telainachus ; nor can we aspire to, the primitive simpliolty of'the' early) settlers i in. Nova Scotia-the Acadians; of whom Halliburton has givemn euch a delightful description in his history, andl of whims Lcngfelloy' has drlIiwnsuch a cliarning and toaching picture 'hi "Evange. line." SWe are very, very far from perfect. Turn' to our police courts, and our divorce courts, and what do we see? L ok about at the every day lifo' that we encounter--study it ? What do we learn therefrom ? That there is a foul loathsome cancer. whi:lh; fortho safety of society i i'self.irequires'theikiife. Before we?can look hopefully to tile lture. weo must .be able to say with Mlolibre's medical innos rator-we have changed all that. ' I reserve for' my next a statement of some of those' evils" tind r which we lab~dur, witlh g aggestiona for 'their 'correclion.? .,It is' my intention, however, merely 'to, treut of such abuses as- [ihave met with in the bush and rural tdwnships. 