— ' — — ; — .; — — — Important questions follow each other now-' a-days as quickly as the ghosts of the kings in Macbeth ; and scarcely is one ghost laid but another apparition crosses tne floor of the Legislature to await its doom. Immi- gration has been disposed of, and Education comes next in the serial order of subjects. It is understood tbat the discussion upon it will take place on an early day this week, and we suppose that it is in the expectation of this that the Board of Education has fur nished the very ample reports which have been from time to time laid upon the table of the House, and from which the House and the public may draw a great deal of useful information. One branch of the sub ject in particular, namely, Compulsory Edu cation, is treated to such an abundance of illustration' and commentary that it will not be the fault of the Board or of the Commis sioners if the Legislature does not arrive at some conclusion about it in one direction or another. Prussia Us the great exemplar to which the advocates for enforcing education go for support to their principles. It appears that Frederick the Second, as long, ago as the year -1763 ordained that education should he compulsory; to his subjects, and though the Code was repealed, it was sub sequently re-enacted at the beginning of, the present century, and is now the. law of the land. AttendanceUs now compulsory be tween the ages; of seventeen and fourteen, and the school councils enforce the penal ties for non-attendance. The penalties, to be collected by_the_i)olice. area,iuip..nf is iui— ucgtecnng school, or. proportionate im prisonment. In the year 1S66 we are in formed that there were 8434 penalties im posed in Berlin, and that 750 fathers were sent to -prison. In Austria, a law which was. to have come into force on the 1st of January of the present year,., adojited the compulsory system, ,;:as ;it is . enforced- in Saxony, where every child in every cottage in every hamlet is duly registered; and com pelled to be sent to school as soon as ever it has attained the age of ' six, on penalty of a fine. Hanover, now that it is affiliated on Prussia, adopts the' Prussian system, ,as well as Bavaria. In the latter Stateparents who do not send > their, children- to- the-public schools pay double the lowest rate' levied for supporting thO' schools.1 In the various grand Duchies the' same system obtains, and indeed it may be said that it is; no longer the exception hut the riile with Continental Governments to-'make education obligatory. Even in Italy primary; schools have been instituted, by all the Communes of the' Hingr dom, to . which "parenfes and guardians are bound to- send their children and wards. In France the compulsory system does not as yet exist, owing it is thought to the insu perable difficulties in enforcing attendance by law. In Switzerland /education: in all the cantons except Geneva is not only com-' jiulsory, but gratuitous. Tho Eeport enters with great particularity into the various modifications of the sys tem enforcedihrough- out fthe several cities of tho Confederation, but it is a rare testimony to the 'feasibleness, and popularity of the practice that the num ber of unallowed and punishable school absentees in the year in the. .canton of Zurich should have been only a little over one per cent, of scholars. If we go further north we shall find the plan in active operation. In Norway & very heavy fine on school-defaulters is imposed, and manufnc--, turers are compelled to allow children proper time for attendance. In cases of poverty the school fees are paid from the school fund of the district. In Sweden in 1684 Charles XI. ordained that no one should be ad mitted to the rite of confirmation, which is necessary to marriage, before he or she can read, and the effect of this regulation is that not one in a thousand cannot read. The parish is required to make up the deficit in case of inability to pay. Even in Turkey an important step has been taken by the bultan for the advancement of popular en lightenment. A law has been issued, com pelling each quarter of the city, and each village to maintain a primary school ; or if the population is mixed, a school for Mn- hoinmedans and another for non-Mussul mans. Attendance is also made compulsory. In tho United States education bus been compulsory in Massachusetts since 1842, and a law was passed in Connecticut in 1858, by which overy person who cannot read is dis franchised. In the Canadas each township rany establish a school-rate, but it is not compelled to do so. Such is the body of in formation supplied by the Report, and if there is strength for an argument in tho numbers who employ it, there is no doubt that a very satisfactory cause has bean made out in favour of compulsion. The only countries where tho voluntary principle is undisturbed by positive enactment of law aro England, Ireland, Scotland, Frnnce, Holland, Belgium, California, Canada, and some of the States of America, As regards the application of the principle to this colony our readers may be glad to hear what the Commissioners have to say for themselves. They entertain the opinion that the question between direct aud indirect compulsion can scarcely arise here for many years to come. The only form in which compulsion could be em ployed, so as to make any considerable increase in the attendance at schools, appears to he the registration system which prevails in Germany and Switzerland. If this plan were adopted, it would be necessary to throw a part of the burden of maintaining the schools on the township or municipality ; otherwise there would, most pro bably, be a great increase iu the number of free children, as poverty would always he pleaded as an excuse for non- attendance, and the school committee would have little inducement to in quire strictly into the truth of the plea as long as they 'were not pecuniarily affected. But if they knew that each additional free child pro duced a higher rate, and so took money out of their .own pockets, a more lively sense of their own responsibility would be felt, and a more careful discharge of their ditty might be ex pected. 