(To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sib, — The imaginations, rumours, and misre presentations concerning the (Ecumenical Conn cil and the Pope which appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald several times as leaders during the past five or six months have much amused me. The misguided editor of that journal haa stated that he had taken from the Pail Mall tfa zette and London Times, and, indeed, other sources the selections respecting the imaginations, &c;, abovementioned, filling up with emanations from his own cranium to complete the articles suitable to certain classes of his readers. It has been said that all Protestant Christians are children of the Church, but they do not know their mother. I will suppose that the above mentioned editor is one of them, and that grace may be vouchsafed him to enter into the oae fold — one Shepherd — as an humble and obedient member. I expect by the next mail there will be news of the promulgation of the Dogma of Infallibility by the Vicar of Christ on earth — viz., his teaching of the Church ; and that his words of peace, wisdom, truth, and justice (which, I suppese, will be contained in the Bull) will have the effect of producing peace, good order, and good morals throughput. all Christen dom ; or, at least, they will have the effect of arresting the progress and machinations of the enemies of peace, good order, and good morals, and the respect due to duly constituted authori ties in Church and State. It may be thai; such good news may have the deBired effect of many other conversions besides that of the misguided editor. For instance, Henri, the Kiama Ghost finder ; Dainty Davie, and Jemmy Sir, the Trea son Felony Act binder. These, together with the president and members of the P. P. A. might be expected to request and obtain admis sion into an association where loyalty to the Throne, and respect for constituted authority1 obedience to just laws — would be the fundamea tal rules, as declared from the Vatican. — I am,, yours, AN OLD COLONIST. Sydney, July 20th, 1870. 