TRAINING MEMS. \ ,. .??-. iiy JJBAOON. ?.??'., ! We have now a -great number of horses, located in the immediate neighborhood 6f^ the various training grounds, aild' moreare' yet /tq come.. All/ the favorites /are here,! with , the , exception of the coming horse, i Croydon. ' Perhaps '' Mr. Winch1 enjoys !a' portion of E'rank Butler's. iSuperstition, ^ftdj , prefers being,. the last out. : , J'rank was al ways the last to leave the 'saddling pacldock. especially in greajfc races, and Croydon seems likely to be the last here of the New South; Wales cracks. It' is very trying1 to those who have never seen him, for'being familiar; with Glencoo, Tim, arid Warrior, they are unable to determine -in their own minds whether or not he is really equal(qr superior to those , world-renowned horses. The sub-, ponse is very mortifying. No doubt Mr.; Winch would have .come sobnor oyori under; every disadvantage had. ho only known the, immense amount of suspense attached to his: delay. But probably lie may arrive next' week, and then it will be for speculators) .' .' ... '?? ' ? - , ?'? I to decide whether he is entitled to hold the position of first favorite or retire behind the position occupied by the three great cham pions, Glencoe, /Tim Whiffler, arid Warrior, Although Croydon may be . a late arrival, he yet may not ; actually , be the last,; for Barbelle and Barbarian are ' most . likely to come; late accounts speaking very highly indeed of their doings. As far as Barbelle is concerned, I am quite prepared to accept all I hear of her, arid thinkit quite possible she may be this day, a better animal than .'ever'she was in her life. But nothing shall ?persuade me that Barbarian has a ghost of a show for the Cup, and; no amount, of support .accorded him , wouiot shake/my opinion. Had Barbelle been fit she could scarcely have failed to get a place in the Metropolitan, bub I do not think her chance can improve as we; approach the hot weather. It is, so .far. sa'tisfa'ctpry, to. know/, that V those', at a distance are doing weii; indeed Ii am thinking .'they have very much- the best- of it, ' for I never remember worse tr&ining; weather iri the winter than we are /having now ; .the weather is cold and jaw,,and the ground wet and ,. boggy, and/I 'have .observed that many horses (.are very slow in casting their coats. Since Tim Whiffler has been' over here he lias been /doing .very well, and the fyotk] liehas.- been asked ,;to,, do/he.; has; gone., through, very i- satisfactorily. Trump Card does/not please quite ? so ; well, but very- few ' wilL stand'a 'cornparisori when beside., the great gun'. .'There is no reason, how/eVer, why The Card, should suffer in people's estimation, .for he is very well in health. - Mr. Tait'slot have ?been in physic and are just preparing for work again. The Earl has !not' arrived, but I believe he is to come ': indeed I look upon him aa the. Cup horse of that stable, and his -being left, behind is all in bis favor. I have not seen Sir John or Rawdeu out of their clothes,1 'but the former struck me , as being ra^herlight ; perhaps he has riot yet got over the.yqyage, which does not agree witli all horses. '/Well do I remember, how Babbler suffered three years -.ago going to Hobart Town. ' It left him so weak and sick he took weeks tb' recover./ /The Monk I simply saw, likewise/ in clothing)/ dnd, he. looked; I thought, rather lean about the quarters. Sir William and. Amethyst have .not yet done much work, but they both look healthy and well../ Horizon and. Aurora are in charge of Hogan at'' Connelly's* stables -'near' the 1 'cattle yards., I, never saw, Aurora looking worse, and Ido not think much of Horizon. Hogan ^has. only had them- a few days, , so; he is not responsible -'for -this want of condition. It (/is/ 'simply preposterous to enter horses for, ,a cup, arid .treat them aa. they have fared ; but in spite of condition being wanted they are, quite out of. place- in this race.' Mr. Lang's horses are fully' fit, that is to say,, will .be-so by the day ; 'Glencoe never looked better,' but whether he is, as good as he Ibplis is another thing. He is, hQwever, suffering ? from no infirmity , in his feet, , and the stable Bay^hiS': teinper is quite altered; - There is no oppprturiity of seeing a good gallop until /the grqiirid hardens, arid I must 'see/Glencpe go; to arrive at his fitness. ,, The Plying Dutchman, is rather big, but. in other respects I like him very ' much; he is very fresh, and in ?wintering ; well suggests . the. question, has %& ~, not win tered 'top '!yeW ?.'/' Nimblefoot' is .'.ve.ry hard and .firm, ^ mdeed bett'er'tj^an;he lojoks, as his late coat does 'not .add .to his, appearance. ihim, but it has very ? much;; thickened him. TrueBlue is very slighty.arid'!holfcls qutrio hope' of ever being ;as/' good'as/ !her: sister Norriia, but -'she does good/ \vprk;and.,st^Ws it well./ .Melancholy Jaques too.is,(loing better ..,« , than he has done for. a long -while;- Hehassome . superfluous beef ; yefr while having, the ap- ) ? peararice of being big, ' one luust remember \^. that he , is a very round horse, .' arid always looks larger than ho is. TriuinpH is in, work too,! for some ' off events, and Lily is just ? going into work. Orlando is one' of the nriinbor belorifjincr.1' I should sav. to the hopeless diyisieri, arid there 'are' two young Panics not 'fiFst' class, brie from Panorama, which is rather backward/ Maad 'the other frbm-The Flying Doe, called The F&wn; ; she ' is in very ' gob'd ? 'trim, and has a remarkably -sensible head. Harding has .a- very large ? string, Roland Avonel,' The Derby colt, being one of them ;:he is much firier'thanhehas ;over been before, which is an improvement. Julian-Avenol and The Irish King are. two ,very fine colts, but not beings wanted -. un,tjl the autumn are much advanced in their condition... The rest aro mostly steeple chasers arid hurdleracers; Manuka, Praator, ? arid Phosphorus on the other sido of tho Yarra are Bpoken- highly of, particularly the secondriamed, whom many prefer to Manuka, but P.hpaphorus. is sa^d to be ,rather dicky. I,,hayo nqfc yet seen them ; indeed' the horses ' are so'far and wide apart it is no easy matter in these'days to db'so. Stroji and'Mis's Wilkiris ha'Ve yet'- tp': arrive.- ''^Paddy's Landi;aiid CD'therstoneJare in charge' of Stephen Mahon at Brighton, and are coming on;welh Hunts man is. also.iii; the neighborhood, arid hero also is Milesian at the -nrivate establishment of his own, looking ' all his' admirers could desire;1' ? Maintop is in ;tho neighborhood1 of Caulfield, and works occasionally in the Park. Warrior is still at his : country quarters.: I have gone carefully through the. list, of horses, arid I have come to the conclusion that thirty-eight will pay up j ^'poissibly it may- reach to' forty. '?.?? '-? ;' - -;' ' '' ;- 