Tho Weiehts for the Sydney Cup. I Br AuavB, AB far BJ the acceptances oro concerned the'handicap ought, on the whole, to bo considered highly satisfactory, tho Sydney division, or rathor their ovrnors, being almost universally satisfied with tho woights allotted them, and a large majority of the ' Melbourne entries have also accepted. 1 rms not surprised at the non acceptance of Glencoe, of whom "Nemo" says in his usnal non committal style that "if" ho should ooma to the post flt, and "if" ho should go straight, he might PBIIHAPB come homo before ethers who irou|d haro boen bucked at half his price. Tim Whiffler is the highest acceptor with lOst 21b, and I think for once the publio have acted wisely in making him tho favourite. There seems to be some vague idea that he liss lost his speed, upon what ground I cannot say, os the way ho travelled after Italian in tho last Queen's Plato when three hundred yards behind bim showed that he was all right then j and why should ho not be nota ? I dou't very well soo how Warrior is to best Tim, but the forward way he has ran in han- dicaps of lato shows that his oh an co ia scarcely so hopeless, as tho betting seomod to indicate. .Circassian 9st 41b., ahem ! Tho handicappers appear de- termined that on tliis occasion Mr. Winoh shall have a little moro cause for complaint than he had on the last one, having brought him within sir pounds of Tim Whiffler, at which weight I cannot fanoy him. Alas ! poor Traverton ! it was an unlucky day in which ho took that celebrated trial gallop with Groy Momus, he has never been able to win a race sinoo, and ho is made to give away weight to winners liko Barbollo, Rosebud, Juanita, &o..; I don't wonder at his ron acceptance. Warwick I am afraid is getting too old now, and the good but unfortunate cltcsnat must retire into private life without placing a leading handicap to his credit. Italian is, I fear, an overrated horse, and even if "Nomo" should get down to tho weight to ride him, I fear that he (" Nemo ") will not be able to do more than say he ought to have won it. Phoebe on her Tattersalls Cup running should have no chanco in this company, and Stumpy, Tho Hill,'and Bylong, I fancy we have all seen tho best of. The Baron looks well, but he is an uncertain horse, and might be either first or last. He will not have to do much more than he has already shown his ability to do in order to win th¡B, in fact I like Tim and the Baron a long way the best of the top weights. Uabba, I know noth- ing about, but the way. he is weighted in comparison with some of Hie Sydney celebrities must give his owner yory little encouragement to send him down. < And now comes Charon ; I have always been a staunch"*dmirer of the Fisherman stook, and from tho running of Charon and "Lamps," I have no difficulty in coming to the con- clusion that Ferryman will be a most worthy substitute for him. I think Charon the best horse of bis year, but though ho is, perhaps tho best in of the heavy weighted three year olds, I do not think ho can quite win this after his Melbourne Cup running, especially when we recollect that Yattendon, at tho same, ago, and with less weight, could not get a plnoo in his firBt big handicap when run- ing ogaint much worao horses than Charon now meets. Grey Momus has by no means a bad chance at the weight, and should bo kept on tho right side. Surbiton and Misty Morn are I think tho only three* year-olds with a chance of beating Charon. Idle Boy is well in, but must like Detcotive wait for twelve months more, before .he should be trusted for a big race. Idle Boy certainly ran second to Grey Momus for the Waverley Handicap, but when Marksman was third, and in front of Barbolle that race can scarcely bo taken as a oriterion for forming future judgments upon. Albany and Barbelle,'though both are ¡very uncertain, have still shown that while like The Baron they may run oitlier first or last, they will havo to do but littlemore than they have already done to win it. The Molly Carew colt I would not like to express an opinion upon yet, until wo know a little more of his owner's intentions, bu the certainly cannot grumble at the weight. Having, I think, now montienetl all with Bhe ghost of a chance, I fancy that tho first three will be found in the following eight : Tim, Baron, Albany, Barbollo, Charon, Surbiton, Grey Ifomnj and Misty Morn, and I will now conclude by expressing the same opinion about Tim Whiffler, that was said of The Barb, namely : "that ho is first favorite and likely to remain so till settling night." 