AW EPISODE ON THE BALACLAVA * CHAEGE. ; i (From the London Scotsman.) The following purports to an account, nar rated by himself of the ahar.e talceu by a John Payne, alias " Butcher Jack "of the, J7th Laucera. in th.e doing? ,jof t^at glorious | vet mournful day: " Well, you eee, it was in tjw autumn of 1854 that the Englifb and French armies Were lying lpvingly enough (together in front of S^ba^topQl, that u.yt which took them a time to crack. Qur cavalry bad a camp of JtUeir ova upon the sidu new Cadikoij andthe old 'Dealii'a hcad and Crosa-bones, to which i belonged, yere there among the rest, formins partof the Light Brigade. We had a seperate commissary of our own* ana bandy men were told from the various crops to act as butchers. *» I never «jr#s backward when there was any worjkfq do. and when pome fellows were moping helplessly in the tents, or going sick io hospital.eyery mornijig I was knocking about as jolly as a sandboy, doing a 30b here and pne iVepe, and always coiitnriug to get more or less Hpsv before nightfalL If you jean drop across any of th.epld Crimean Light Brigade, just yoji psk them if they remember i Butcher Jack,' of the Lancers,, and see what the answer will be. I was as well' known in the'brigade as old Cardigan him self, and in my rough and tumble way got to be quite a popular character. Indeed, »fit had not been for aiy inordinate fondness for the drink, I might have got promotion oyer and over again. But I uBed to find my way shoulder-high into the guard-tent pretty regularly once a week, and more than once saved the skin of my back by being known as a willing useful fellow when sober. .< Que * slaughtering day * at the. commis sary we bad tided, flayed, and. cut up our number of beasts, and there, was a lot of rum knocking about, For the Commissary Guard knew tybw to get at the grog,, and were freo enough with It 'among the butcher* for the safee of "a nice tender steak. Paddy Hofferman of the Ro)alys and I managed to get' aa drpnk jpj lords before we found time for a waali, and o'np' of the Commissary, officers Pflmp ^c^oss us.wlpie in this state,.apd clap ped' lis in thp g^idrtent bpfore we pofild toy * knife.' 0ne place ya» ag good 9» another to us, so we lay fberp contented euoufih ill night, taking an.oeeasiQnal tot of a bottle which Paddy managed to smuggle ! into the tept tyhprp we were confined. |t j was getting on for morning before we drop ped off into a heavy drunken sle$p out of which the Commander-in-Chief bunself would have had a hard job to have aroused us. We must hare had a long snooze, for it was broad daylight before we were awakened by the thundering of a tremendous cannonade close by, making the very tentpoles quiver again- I still felt deucedly muzzy, for rum, a^ von would know if ever, yon get tight on it, i« hard stuff to get sober off, yet I managed to pull myself together enough to know where J was, and could give a shrewd guess what all the row was! I sat up with the in tention'of hearing more about it froin some of the guard, but to niy surprise there was not a soul in the tent but Paddy aud my- | self, aud there was not not even a sentry upon . be'door, §o we Woth got up on end and . iad a stretch, aiid then walked coolly out of j lie guard-tent, only to find the camp Utterly j leserted, not a nian feeing apparently left m t. Turning io our tent, we sat down, and pver a refresher out of the inexhaustible yum bottle, we tried, in a boo^y sort of w^y, to argue out the position £rom wjiere |he camp wae we poal«l nqt see what>aj going ondowh in thp valley by reason of alow ridge which intercepted the vieW^ but we could tell: it qiust be pretty warm wo A frqm the ho\: and continuous firing which was bpinc kentup. At "last iajs I to Paddy, fwby should we Be out of the fun? Let's iiet up to the sick-horse lines and see if there be anything left there fit to put cine leg in front of another.' 4 Agreed,' cries beheart Jy enough, so I got hold of a butcher's a*e foT wcapou, aadhe & sword flouf half dnink as we were, and just in the condition we had left off killing the night before, we start ed off for the sick-horses. But it was no go for a inoment here, for lier^ were bat two brutes left, and one of them had a leg like a pillar letter box, while the other was down on the side,iand did not look much like rising I again. Determined not to be beaten, we started' off on foot, and making our way round by the rear of the staff, who were on the edge of the little ridge, we dodged down into the valley just in the rear of the position pf the heavy cavalry. ..Fill the pot again Governor, and 1 may as well tell you it was Balaclava morning, and the fceavies had already ;chargod the Cossacks, and emptied a good many saddles kussmn fiqrse% were galloping about rider less'an4 Paddy an^ myself parted company to give chase to a couple of these. With eotuo trouble I captured my one, a tidy little iron grey nag which I judged from tbe sad dle «nd accoutrements must have been an ; officers charger. It was easy to see from the state of the saddle that the foimer rider had been desperately wounded and tho reins to wers bloodier than a dainty man would have liked, but I was noways squeamish, and mounted the little horse in a twinkling. 1W moment I W cot my seat 1 Sa,Iot>ed up to 'the Heavy Brigade, and formed up cool on the ^ank of' tho old Royals. They twighed at n\o m if \ had been a cloven in a pantomiqie, aud 1 had not been in position a oouplb of minutes w^ep. up c^oie Jonny Lee, their adiptant, on his old bay mare, at a tear ing gallop, a«d rpared toiue to'Qotoh out of that.' There's no mistake, J. was not much credit to them. I was bareheaded and my hair was like birclibroom in a fit. I was oiiniu a coat, with my shirt sleevs turned up to my shoulder, and my shirty face, and bare hairy arm? were all splashed and mark ed with blood, wh,ich I had picked up at the butchering the day before, and had never wiped off. A pair of long greasy jack-boots came up to the thigh, and instead of a sword , I had the axe over my shoulder at the slope sis regimental as you please. The Russian must have ridden very short my knees were up to my nose in his stirrip, and so you may \- imagine that, taking me all in all, Iwas rather a hot looking member, ^specially if you re member that 1 was fully half seas ov^r. " The heavies were in a position to sup port the Light Brigade, which had just got the woird to advance. So, wh^n the adjutant of tbe Boyals ordered mi? of* 1 looked straight before me, and saw the Ligb^ bobs going out to the front at an easy trot, and on <he right of the front rank I caught eight of the plumes in the lance hats of iny own corps the old seventeenth. My mind waa made up on the instaut. Ramming my spurless heels into the ribs of the little Russian horse, X started off in pursuit of the Liglrt Brigade as fast as I could make him go. with shouts of laughter from the heavies, and chased un successfully by a couple of officers of the (rreys, who tried to stop me for decency s sake. As tho light bobs were only advanc ed a1 a trot I wasn't long before I ranged up alongside tbeir right flank, andiherew^s old ndsey, as we used to call Cardigan, well out Jx> the front and in front of him wm young Nolan of the 15th, with his sword down at the4 right engage although we were & long way off any enemy. Just asl came up in Jine with the flank sergeant of the from rank, who looked sideways at me as if I had been a ghost, Cardigan turned round in his saddle to say a word to the field trumpeter riding at his heels, and then with a_wave of his sword went off at score out to the "On* In another second all the trumpets of the brigade sounded the 'charge,*" and sitting down on our saddles and setting our teeth hard, off we went pell-mell across the valley as hard as ever horse could lay foot to the ground. Presently we got within range or fhe Russian battery which was playing right into oiir teeth, and I saw Nolan, who was a long way out to the front, galloping as if for a wager, toss up his arms, and with a wild shriek fall from his horse. On still, faster and faster as our horses got excited and warmed to their work, heedless of the tor rent of shot that came tearing through «s» and stopping for ever many a bold rider. As for myself, what with drink in me, and the wUd excitemeut of a headlong charge, I vent stark mad/and sent the plucky Russian horse ahead at a pace which kept me in line with the tery foremost. Nearer and nearer we came to the dreadful battery, which kept vomiting death on us like ti volcano, till J. seemed to feel on my cheek |ho hot air from the cannon's mouth. Atjlast we were on it. Half-a-dozen of us leapedln'among the guns at once, and I with one «dw, with my axe brained a .Russian just as W was clapping the linstock to the touchrhole qf his piece. With another I split open the headi of^an officer who was trying to rally the artillery detachment in the rear, and then what of us were left went smack through the stragglers, cutting and slashing like fiends, right str^bt. at the column of cavalry drawn up behind! the battery. What happened then, toy you ? I can't tell you much more than tins that they were round us like a swarm of. bees, and we, not more seemingly than a couple of dozen of us to the fore, were hik ing hewing away our hardest, each mdmdual man die centre of 9 separate melee. 1 I never trojiblejJ .bpift guard? myself, but kept whirling the axe about me, every now ana then bringing it downtpsonje purpose, and eyer a? it fell the Huskies g^vo ground a bit, only to crash denser round nje a minute after. Still nothing seemed to touch mc. They dursn't come tQ plq?a quarters .with the sword, fqr the axe had'a defil pj a long reach, and I hey dursn't use pistols, for they were to thick themselves. I'm hanged, if I don't think I should have beei> there till now had I not chanced to hear above the din a trumpet from somewhere far in tho rear sound "Threes about." Hound I wheeled, still thrashing about me like a windmill, slap through tho heart of the battery again, knocking over au artilleryman or two as I passed and presently overtook a small batch of men of various regiments, who under Colonel Sewell, of the 8th, were trying to retreat in some kind of order. I was as sober as a bishop by this time, take my word for it, and I joined them right cheerfully, but the chances of getting back again to our own side of the valley looked very blue, Tie Russian cavalry were hard on our heels, and" we suffered sorely from the devilish battery in our rear, which kept pelting into the thick of us, without much discrimination betwepn friend and foe. The guna on those forts on our left, out of which the cowardly "I^urks had sneaked, and which had been bounced upqu by the Russians, were not doing us n^uch good neither, 1 I assure you, and it was all the. world like be ing between the devil slid the deep sea. Soon vybat little formation we bad gat wa3 knocked to niepas, ipd the wojdwaft'Every man for himself, and God fcelp the hindmost. A young fellow of the 11th Ifussacs ax>4 WJ* self bi^ng together for a while, both of w trying to make the most of our blown and iaded ^qraes, bi*t at lqst do.vfn he went his horse shot under him and himself wounded As the lad's bushby rolled off, when his head touched the ground, he gave a look up at me which went to my heart, roi*gl* as it was. God pity him, he was little more than a boy, and! had a mother myself once. I was out of my saddle in a twinkling, and had him across the holsters and myself in the seat again only just in time for the Co*, sacks were down upon us like so many wolves. Oh! ho was a good plucked one was that little Russian horse: right gamely did ho struggle with the double load on his back, and hurrah, here were the heavies at last, and we are safe. As I was riding to the rear, to givo the wounded man to the doctor, I passed close under the staff, who ^ere on the brow of the hill above me, but there was no no tice taken of that I perceived. I rode up to our own camp, and by-and-by a sergeant came and made a prisoner of me for the crime of breaking out of the guard tent when confined thereto-a serious military offence, I can tell you. I wasn't shot for it though, for next day I was brought in front of Lucmi, who was in command of the cavalry, and who told me that although he had a good mmd to try me by court-iuartial, as, he said, 1 certainly deserved, he would lot me oft this time iu consideration of the use 1 had made of the liberty I had taken, and perhaps he would do more for me if I kept sober. And that's how, Sir, I came by this little medal, which is Britain's reward foT distinguished conduct in the field. Thank you, Sir, I'll be sure to drink your health." 