LATEST SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. London, 15th March. The Irish Land Bill passed Its second reading in the House of Commons on the 12th instant by a majority of 442 to 1 1. Mr. Disraeli severely criticised the bill. Mr Gladstone announced that he woald immediately introduce a Bill for the better preservation of life and property in Ireland. It provides certain districts for the summary trial and punishment of persons found in tbe possession of arms or gunpowder, without the intervention of juries. It also provides for the control of persons who are out at night, and for the compensa ion of those who are the subjects of out rages. The special repression of offences by the Press is also advised. The Irish members urged the extension of the tenant right to other provinces. In the army estimates submitted, the Colonial troops have been reduced to 23,000. Tbe Naturalisation Bill in conformity with the American Act, has been read a second time in the House of Lords. Details of further agrarian outrages in Ireland are published daily. The shareholders of the Albert Insurance Company have reconstructed the Society. Bcrnal Osborne has been elected a member for Waterford. Ollivier has reiterated that he would pre serve the strictest neutrality in political matters. The Chamber of Deputies have adopted Ollivier's views The Duke de Montpcnsicr and the Prince Henry dc Bourbon, have fought a duel. Tbe latter was killed. Shot through the forehead. The (Ecumenical Council propose defer ring the discussion on the dogma of infalli bility. The German Parliament has voted in favour of the abolition of capital punishment. In Canada a loyal settler has raised 600 men and two guns against the insurgents Rochcfort has been arrested, and is now in prison as the author and publisher of sedi tious articles. London, lith March. Lord Fortescue has introduced a Bill for the preservation of the peace in Ireland. The Bill gives power to the Lord Lieutenant to seize seditious newspapers. A select committee of Parliament has recommended, by a majority of one, the adoption of vote by ballot. London, 19th March. There has been a serious collision in the English Channel, resulting in the sinking of the mail steamer Normandy. Arrived — Ben Nevis, Ishna, Clanronald, Moravian, Britaosa Castle, Niagara, Palm Tree, Holmsdale, Sussex, Great Victoria, Aboukir, Western Empire. The Eueopean Mail. — Our arrangements with the proprietors of the European Mail have at length commenced, and we had the pleasure on Thursday of sending that paper to all our town subscribers. We regret very much that 'the Mail' was not received from the post office in time to enable us to send copies to our country subscribers at once, and as we could not get the papers until the Hobart Town coach had left, we were unable to supply even the mam road or Hobart Town. All deficiencies were, however, made good yesterday. On the present occasion we distribute the European Mail gratuitously to all our subscribers without distinction, and we trust should any be omitted, that they willcommunicate with thepublisher. The edition now issued is a special one printed, as its heading states, for pre sentation 'to advance subscribers of the Cornwall Chronicle,' and we trust that all our customers will sec the advantage of com plying with the simple condition on which we propose continuing the arrangement. Our object is to save, if we can, the cost of collecting subscriptions, and if we succeed in this we shall regard the arrange ment a profitable one; if not, it can only end in considerable loss. We believe, how ever, that the public will reciprocate a liberal endeavour to supply them with the best summary of English news which reaches the colony, and that during the next month all will seek to qualify themselves to receive the European Mail by forwarding their sub scriptions to the Cornwall Chronicle. Stock Fast. — On Saturday afternoon a four-horse waggon heavily laden with wheat passing up Wellington-street, opposite .tbe Court-house, when steering too far to the right it stuck fast in the side-drain recently dis turbed when the contractor was improving the underground drainage. Two additional horses were hitched on,and some of the earth dug away opposite the sunken wheels, but the six horses could not move the waggon an inch. Four horses were then taken out, and attached to the hind part of the waggon, and the two shaft horses backed, in the hope of extricating it by that process, but without avail. The waggoner then commenced un loading the wheat, and after removing some twenty r thirty bags the horses succeeded in moving the waggon. This is the second waggon we have seen stuck up in the same place. The first one was loaded with bark, which, also hod to be unloaded. If the dri vers would keep their teams on, or near the crown of the road, these accidents could not occur. Accident at a Stbeet Giutinq. — Two boys were raising a street grating hi Lowet York- street on Saturday morning, when i fell on the right foot of one of them, Wm Woodhead, injuring it so severely that he was at once removed to the General Hospital. Advertisements. — We should feel obliged to advertisers if they would forward their manuscript to this office as early as possible on publication nights. We frequently have advertisements brought to us even after mid night, and though we have not hitherto de clined them they are only inserted at great inconvenience. A Correction. — In publishing Mr J. Cosmo Ncwberry's report on an analysis of magnetic black sand in our last issue, a couple of mistakes occurred. For ' bitum niferous — withplconasse' readtitaniferous— with plconaste. Gallant Rescue of a Las from Dbown rNG. — George Braithwaite, the wounded sea man who so gallantly rescued the boy Asdell from drowning last week, returns his sin cere thanks to those persons who subscribed £5 2s, the sum collected for him by Captain Wettonhall, R.N. Two Thousand Head op Cattle DBOWNED TO ME RICHMOND RlVER.— The late flood in the Richmond River District N.S.W., was the highest ever known there. There has been sad havoc among the herds of Messrs Girard, at Dunganabba station; they counted 1300 head of cattle drowned, and expected to find their loss amount to 2000 head; among the number were several fine bulls. 650 were f iund in one heap, and 47 carcases were taken out of the framework of a house in course of erection. Shell Practice with the Howttzbbs. — The gun detachments of the Launceston Volunteer Artillery Corps will proceed to Stephcnson's Bend on Easter Mon day, and from the regatta ground there, practice at a floating target moored in the river. The howitzers will be so placed that the shells will be discharged in the di rection of Haystack Point. The Bbdce Auction. — Mr W. F. Wa then, the indefatigable Secretary to the Me chanics' Institute, has been collecting stock for the great sale to some purpose during the week, and the committee have wisely deter mined to postpone the commencement of the sale to Tuesday, the 17th instant. The Evangelist.— We have received copies of the Evangelist up to the 1st instant. That dated 1st March contains an interesting article on ' Recent Conversions,' with reference to those in which the Rev. Mr Taylor was in strumental The leading article in the last number is upon ' Public Houses,' and they all contain local news highly interesting to those concerned in the progress of religion in this colony. The Melboubne Monthly Book Cib cdl ab— We have received Mr George Robert son's Monthly Book Circular, dated the 30th March, and find the very titles of the new works, catalogued or advertised, a source of amusement or interest. Tennyson's 'Holy Grail' takes the lead, followed by ' Mrs Stowe'sRepIytoherCriticsi' 'Men, Women, and Ghosts,' by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps j and ending with ' The Last of the Tasmanians.' The Australian Journal.— We have re ceived a copy of the monthly part of this entertaining and beautifully illustrated jour nal for April. The sensational talc—' His Natural Life,' by Marcus Clarke, is advanced to the end of the fourteenth chapter, which concludes the first book, and the story becomes more interesting each chapter as it advances. ' The Trapper's Last Trail' is also a most interesting tale to the general reader, while 'Ruth Hall,' 'Love, Fame, and Death,' 'My Lodger,' 'The Ladies' Page,' &c;, make the April number one of the best yet out. Messrs. Walch Brothers and Birchall are the local agents. The Crops at Torquay.— Our Corres- pondent writes a very poor account of the crops in this district. He says:— " It is feared that the entire potatoe crop will be a failure, owing to the grub : already a fourth part has been destroyed by it. The first shower of rain we have been blessed with for months is falling." Real High Aut. — Some music teacher once wrote that ' the art of playing a violin requires the nicest perception and the most sensibility of any art in the known world.' Upon which an editor comments in the fol lowing manner : — The art of publishing a newspaper, and making it pay, and at the same time making it please .everybody, beats fiddlin' higher than a kite.*9 The Sdbbender or Regan.— Mr CoUw Superintendent of Police, considering tw no time should be lost in conveying L,' to Westbury, where the witnesses in th case are to be examined, hod his pris remanded before a magistrate of the Lrrtorl and started by the Deloraine break earlr o Friday, 8th inst., to deliver up the accused t the custody of the Municipal Police at West bury. Regan certainly has not the appear' ance of a murderer. His countenance i» frank, open, and free from any sj-n,ptoms f ferocity. He chatted freely on the way f Westbury of his journey to Silwood on Tu-?s_ day week, and said he hod no intention to harm his wife when he took his knife out t fill his pipe after giving her sister, Ellen Lynam, the reins to hold, but when the quar rel arose he struck at her witii his knife h' stated that he had only a few pears and apples to eat from that fatal night until he surrendered. He also stated that he arrived near Prospect Village next morning and had wandered about that locality ever since, only having spoken during that time to two men who were looking for cattle Most of his tale has since been ascertained to be untrue. The police have since dis covered the murderer's lair, and in it tj, knife with which he stabbed his wife to death. The locality is one where he might have lain safely concealed for months, prc. vided he had food to subsist on. in a small paddock belonging to Mr. R. Kcene, to the right of Wellington Rood, on the way up the Sandhill, stands a stack of straw, at one end of which is an old threshing machine. The fugitive crouched under the threshing am. chine, then removed some straw from the stack and burrowed in the hole as safe as a rat. The odour of the place after some nine days and eight nights lodging in it, was dreadful when the police explored it, and found some apples, pears, and a targe single bloded knife open in this mephitic den on Saturday. The knife is of a very common description, used by nearly all the laborers on the railway for various purposes— cutting tobacco and victuals being the chief, but when open, the spring being stiff, it is as formidable a weapon as a bowie knife The biade of the knife is stained and rusted, and it is believed that the stains and rust arc partly caused by Wood Whether Regan subsisted by means of robbing Mr. Ifecne's garden of fruit at night, or whether sympa thisers conveyed food to him, lias not been ascertained, though the whole of the facts are likely to ooze out by degrees. The dif ficulty at present is to sift the limited amount of truth known from the large amount of fiction with which it has been jumbled up. It appears that Father Walsh did not go to meet Regan by appointment and on the un derstanding that Regan would surrender. We were led into that error by the extreme reticence of the Rev. Mr. Walsh, who did not choose to state the circumstances under which he and Regan met, and left those to be inferred from the nature of tbe statements mode by Regan. The press is hardly to blame for such errors as these. \Vbon clergymen arc brought into contact with criminals in such a manner as that their names must be mentioned ; they ought, in order to prevent misstatements, to relate briefly to the police so much as they may consider it desirable the public should know respecting their share in the matter, and then all outside rumours would be excluded Rumors respecting Regan and bis place of concealment have been current in all parts of the country as well as town. A corres respondent writing to us from the Forth, says : — ' Regan, the murderer is at the Forth, somewhere within a mile from (lie bridge, waiting his chance to escape by a ves sel. Mr M. Mahoaey has been most inde fatigable in his efforts to trace the exact whereabouts. I had private information that he thinks of giving himself up, hoping that he might get off more lightly. Ills friends here are not very staunch. A man told me he was talking to him yesterday morning. There is little doubt we will get him in cus tody before many days.' But none of tbe rumours we have referred to in any waj affect the evidence token at the inquest, showing how and by whom Emma Regan was stabbed to death. The Memorial CHuncn.— At the autum nal meeting of the Council of the Congre gational Union and Mission of Victoria, held at Geelong on the 5th inst., a letter was read from Mr H. Hopkins, of Hobart Town, statinethat it is the: intention to erect a memorial church, in Hobart Town, to the memory of the late Rev. F. Miller, tbe first Independent minister in the colonies, and asking the union to bring the matter before the congregations, with a view of obtaining slight contributions. The cost of the church and land would be £6,000, and there was £3,200, besides the land, in hand, ft _w decided to request the executive commits to send a circular to the various congrega tions on the subject. The Oecumenical Council.— The Guar dian of December 29 states that two official lists have been published at Rome-one, of the persons 'quibus jus aut privilegium cst sedendi in concilio ;' the other, of those wlio have actually come to take their scats. The first comprises 1044 names, being SS cardi nals, II patriarchs, 921 primates, archbishop?, and bishops, 6 abbots nullius, 22 mitred a» bots,and 29geDorals of monastic orders. OntM second list only 762 names figure, being those of 51 cardinals, 9 patriarchs, 647 V^f^' archbishops, and bishops, 6 abbots «('«': 21 mitred abbots, and 28 generals ofnioMo orders. Consequently 282 fathers are ao.cu , of whom 274 arc archMshi p i or bishop*. The Exodus from South Aubtbalia.— The exodus of South Australian Bottlers to Victoria is thus referred to by a corwspon Intofthe fleeter :-'Narracoortc is get Z ouitc lively, and puts us in mind of the M tUncs when the people were all going to Z diggings. The stream of drays and wag ll which was until lately of an intermit f t character, has now become constant, and string of four or five teams, with men, 'omen and children, may daily be seen lending their way to Victoria. These en all say they would not go over the bor j\ oven if the land was put up at a far toher prico than that in Victoria ; but like oor Joe, they must keep moving on, as Lre is nothing to be got here, and not Hkclv to be at present. By far the greater nortion of these emigrants have the appear Leofmen possessing the means and abilty to take up land and work it, provideil, as they are, with good horses, &c.;' Died os the Roadside.— A poor man travelling with his mate, died on the Leven Beach a few days ago. He was a labouring man, named Callaghan, and had been ailing for some time. How to Eradicate Soeeel— Many farmers in Tasmania are greatly annoyed by the overgrowth of the acid weed known as sorrel. We stayed at Bradshaw's, the comfortable little lodging house near the Piper's River bridge a few evenings ago, and tfliilc enjoying a pipe, that veteran settler gave us an account of some of his experi ences as an agriculturist. He tells us that he lias frequently been plagued by sorrel in various districts, and that it has several times overrun the land so as to render it useless. He says he has always got rid of it successfully by sowing a good crop of peas. He tells us that the peas effectually eradi cate the sorrel, and greatly improved the Jand for wheat. This is a wrinkle worth the attention of farmers. New Norfolk Hops.— A friend residing at New Norfolk, has forwarded to us a cou. pic of samplea of pressed hops of the present year's growth, which are well worthy inspec tion by connoisseurs. The first sample is from Mr Kiddock's garden, Turiff Lodge, and is part of a very excellent crop, which has found a good market, the whole having hecn sold at a firegrate price. The second sample is from the estate of R. C. Read, Esq., known as Bedlands, one of the most exten sive and complete in the Now Norfolk dis trict. Mr Bead had a few pockets of these bops left some days ago, but the bulk of his crop, also, has realised well. These samples have been sent, not with a view of seeking a market, but as presents to a gentleman con nected with this journal, who had frequently reported specially on the New Norfolk hop gardens fora southern contemporary, and the object of the sender is to show him the progress which has been made in the system of drying and packing the hops. As the Vic torian firm which has hitherto dealt so largely in this product of our colony, is now out of the market, however, it may be that in fu ture scasonB Tasmanian hops will be availa ble to Tasmanians, and we shall, therefore, be very happy to exhibit the samples to any who may feel sufficiently interested to favor us with a call The General CncKcn Fund.— The Kev. Henry Plow Kane, secretary to the Finance Committee of the Northern Archdeaconry, has addressed a very sensibly written letter ' to the members of the Church of England in the Archdeaconry of Launceston/'showing the necessity for supplementing the state endow ment of £1,200, in order to pay tho salaries Of fourteen clergymen. The salary of a parochial clergyman is very moderate— £200 a year, with £50 for horse and £50 for rent, where there is no parsonage. Two of the missionary curates only receive £175 a year. But even at these low salaries, the finance committee must have more than two-thirds of the requisite amount to raise from other sources than the state. Mr. Kane respect fully urges all who care for the honor of I their Church to give liberal donations at the Easter collections, or send what they can spare direct to the treasurer, Richard Green, Esq. We hope to find that Mr. Kane's timely suggestions have been wiselyand widely acted upon. Wamkq, Dreaming, and Sleeping.— We understand that the Theatre Royal will be opened on Easter Monday, when the Brothers Brandt will appear in entertainments made «P of Mirth, Music, and Mystery, ana en titled 'Waking, Dreaming, and Sleeping.' The firstpart will consist of a protean enter tainment in which Edward Brandt will sus I tain nine distinct characters, involving nine I *l'd changes of dress and facial make-up. ilK second part will consist of a musical «nt sung in character by George Brandt. I Jno third is tho most astounding portion of I l»c entertainment, and quite new in this I -*ny, being entirely of a clair-voyante character. 'Supernatural Vision' is its I « v mita roysterious personage known ' \ellie Brandt, the sightless seer, de I rMt Md Pr0VCS by numcrous exPeri I .a- cyca are hy no means necessary * JMcts to sight. From what we can gather ™ «w Nellie's ability in astonishing the Z?* °£ Victoria' we h™ »° doubt she is I ChSTBE8m0 T° SHEEP- OWNE^-Thc forml?8pe?°r °£ ShccP notifie8 t-* the in SET ° *eeP-'™™. «»ough -»« ad I 'Si ?lUmDB- thttt ^buttons * the «Sh Otrund'off» -*-»**, will be re The Popdlation of Lyndhurst.— Our special reporter has given some interesting particulars respecting the growth of tho township of Lyndhust, but while referring to the reduction of the population consequent upon the Great Tasmanian swindle, and other discouragements, he has omitted to Chronicle its increase in a very interesting way. Be it known to our readers, then, that there have been three births at Lyndhurst within tho past few weeks — all girls. One of the children is since dead, but the others arc in good health. TitR Governob. — The Mercury of Satur day says: — The favourite river steamer Monarch, Captain Wise, left the Franklin Wharf about Beven o'clock yesterday morn ing for Norfolk Bay to convey back His Excellency the Governor, and the Hon Mrs DuCane, who, on Monday last, accompanied by Mr Chichester, the Private Secretary, and Mr Belstead, the Governor's Secretary for the penal establishments, went on a visit to Tasman's Peninsula. The vice-regal party were to have embarked at 1 1 o'clock in the forenoon. The weather at that time, and, indeed, throughout the day was most unfavourable and the embarkation was in consequence delayed till the af ternoen in the hope that the rain would pass away. At four o'clock the Monarch was signalled as being then in Opossum Bay, and it was dusk before Hobart Town was reached. Instead of coming into port, the Monarch proceeded round to Government House pier, where the vice-regal party landed, and the Monarch then continued her route to New Norfolk. ExCUR6IONISTS' GUIDE TO TASMANIA. — We have received from the publisher, Mr Henry Thomas, of Melbourne, a copy of the second edition of the ' Excursionists' Guide to Tas mania,' a work which it is his intention to publish annually. The volumecontainsalargc amount of interesting matter respecting the lions of our colony, combined with much useful information. Some'of the contributed articles are exceedingly well written, notably the description of the routes to Watcrhousc and the Den gold-fields. The principal chapters are, however, extracted from load ing Australian and Tasmanian journals. The book is one which tourists will find ex ceedingly useful. The Gold-Fields op Tasmania and Sown Australia. — During tho brief stay of Sir James Fcrgusson at the Brisbane Hotel on Tuesday, Messrs Copcland and Herring were introduced by Mr Chichester to His Excellency. Mr Copcland produced, for inspection, the twelve ounce sample of gold from Back Creek, the product of the first washing from the first puddling machine erected in Tasmania, and informed His Ex cellency that it had been already sent across the island to Hobart Town, where it hod been inspected by our own GovernorJIis Excellency Mr DuCane. Sir James Fergusson was very courteous to his visitors, and seemed to take great interest in the progress of our gold discoveries. Mr Copeland begged His Excellency to accept a sufficient quantity of this remarkably pure sample of gold to make a ring, as a small memento of his visit to this colony. Sir James accepted the gift, thanked the gentlemen heartily for it, and invited them to pay a visit ?to the gold fields of South Australia, which were gradually being developed. Mr Copeland said he felt much interested in the success of the South Australian gold fields, and al though he had not visited them, he had done something to aid in their development, as he had taken a hundred shares in a com pany (there, and paid a cheque for them at once on the statement of a man of honor that the ground of the company appeared valuable. As tbc vice-Regal party were about to leave for Hobart Town, the visit was a brief one. His Excellency shook hands heartily with both gentlemen, and again invited them to pay a visit to South Australia. Tiie Rev. J. Graham. — This rev. gentle man, who is to be the Rev. Hans Mack's associate in the ministerial work of the first Hobart Town Weslcyan circuit, lately vacated by the Rev. S. Ironside, arrived on Friday night by coach from Launceston. He was met at the coach by the Rev. H. Hack, and others connected with the Wesleyan body of this town, who gave him ahearty welcome. Mr Ironside left Hobart Town on Friday morning for Longford, his new sphere of labour.— H. T. Mercury. Arrival op the Governob op South Australia. — His Excellency Sir James Fcrgusson, Bart., Governor of South Aus tralia, arrived in Melbourne on Thursday by the Coorong, and here on Tuesday by the Dcrwent. Sir James Fergusson comes on a visit to His Excellency Charles Du Cane, Esq., and he was met on board the steamer by Mr. Chichester, Private Secretary. The barques Thomas Brown, the Ayr, brig Syren and schooner Hallcy Bayley were elaborately decked out with gay bunting in honor of Sir James Fergusson's visit to Tasmania. A large number of residents assembled on the wharf when the Derwcnt arrived at the bar, very many of them being attracted by the announcement that the Dcrwent had the Governor of South Australia on board. HiB Excellency was conveyed from the steamer at the bar to the steps at tho Queen's Wharf by the Harbor Master in his boat. His Ex cellency was accompanied on shore by bis A.D.C., Mr. Mowbray W. Morris, and Mr. Chichester. The party drove off to the Brisbane Hotel, where they lunched, and left about 3 o'clock, in a private cairiago driven by Mr Bankin to proceed to Hobart Town. Easter Monday. — A playful young gen tleman, signing himself ?? Observer,' seems very anxious to enjoy a holiday on Easter Monday as well as on Good Friday, and advances reasons which he no doubt consi ders exceedingly cogent as to why that day should be observed as one of recreation. If the general public are willing, we have no reason to object j but really we think holi days have been rather frequent of late. The Good Friday holiday breaks into this week, and if we keep Easter Monday another week will be spoiled. As, however, the bank managers announce that their establishments will be closed on that day, thero is less objection to the proposal ; but, if adopted, we hope, for the convenience of tho country folk, that due notice will be given. It is exceedingly annoying to country people, after making a business journey to town, to find all the shops closed against them. [Since the above was in type, we find that the Governor has declared Monday a public holiday.] Lost Bank Noteb. — On Tuesday morning, J. Youell, a broker, found four one pound notes in St. John-street, between the Me chanics' Institute and the Public Buildings. They were claimed by Mr. Charles John stone, billiard-marker, who stated that he had lost four notes— old ones — and named the bank that had issued them. Tho whole matter of the finding and the claim was stated to tiie Police Magistrate, wlio de livered the notes to Johnstone. But, prior to this, a placard had been issued by another gentleman, who had lost six one pound notes when on his way from the Plough Inn to the Bank of Tasmania — exactly the line of route on which the four one pound notes were found ; and, although the loser immediately announced his loss by issuing printed placards, he hod not heard anything of tho lost £6 up to last night. Handicap Rifle Match. — The Mercury says — A handicap rifle match, open to all the members of the Volunteer Corps, will be held at the butts on Wednesday and Thursday next. Already upwards of eighty volunteers have entered, and as the match will present some features of a decidedly novel character it should attract a still largcrnumberof com petitors. One of the conditions under which the match is to be conducted, is that every competitor must contribute to the prize fund such articles as fancy may dictate, but not in money. The articles thus contributed will be awarded in prizes, and distributed to those competitors only who obtain a higher number of marks than their average for the past year. The third class and second class men will compete on Wednesday, and the first class men on Thursday. Among the articles contributed we'note a dressed hide of kip and a walking stick ; a flutina and a block widc-a-wakc ; a calf-skin and a goose ; a kangaroo and a waistcoat ; a Crimean shirt, and five gallons of ale ; a toilet can and a gold watehkey ; a walking stick and a pair of ducks ; a live sheep and two bottles of sherry ; a pipe full of tobacco and two law books ; a tea-pot and six cabbages ; a leg of mutton and 50 rounds of ammunition; a quantity of fish and a bundle of cigars ; a goat and a powder flask ; a hundred weight of potatoes and a sucking pig ; with a large variety of curious and useful articles. The Times says : — The winners 'of the different prizes will have to carry them away from the ground, and this will be the most amus ing part of the affair, for the articles already sent include a wheelbarrow, buckets, bags of flour, and potatoes, a goat, fowls, ducks, and other things of a mixed description. Narrow Escape from Drowning. — On Monday afternoon a boy named Henry Gibbs, who resides on the Esplanade, was fishing near Holy's dry dock, and in his eagerness for a bite tumbled into the river. Another boy, about the age of Gibbs — some nine years — named Henry Taylor, saw his com panion sink and rise to the surface j without hesitation he risked his own life to save that of Gibbs, for lowering himself from the dry dock he held on by a rail with his hands, while he stretched out one of his legs so far that poor Gibbs, who had sunk a second time, was enabled to reach it, and both boys then sung out for help until they were res cued from a position which would probably have resulted in death to both had Taylor's hold on the rail given way. There was no boat, and very few spectators at hand at the time, but Charles Winters, a seaman, hap pened to be on the jetty which runs out from the Market Wharf. From there he ran round to the Northern end of the dock, where the boys were. He speedily descended, and found young Taylor holding on by one hand, and on the point of letting go. Seeing Winters close to him, he did let go, and Winters had some difficulty then in getting both boys up on the dock. We understand that Winters has, in his time, saved eight other lives of persons in imminent danger of drowning. Accident to Mr. J. F. Horkirk — On Tues day night, Mr J. F. Hobkirk in alighting from his buggy, opposite his office in St. John street, instead of stepping on the footpath, as he expected, he stepped in tho side-drain, nearly a foot lower, and falling forward with his knee on the kerb, he broke his rigbf leg a few inches above the ancle. He was re moved to the City Restaurant, opposite, where Dr. Ozonne and Dr. Wigan promptly set the fracture, andMrllobWrk was then re moved to his own residence. We were glad to find, on enquiry subsequently, that Mr Hob kirk was well in health, and a little time is alj that is required to set him safely on lus legs again. Our Mail Telegium. — We have cer tainly good right to complain of the delay wluch occurred on Monday evening in the transmission of our mail telegram. The first portion of the message reached us at about half-past nine o'clock, in all about one hun dred words, and then there was a sudden stoppage, and we received nothing further until after eleven o'clock. We endeavoured to ascertain the cause of this, but the only satisfaction obtainable was that they were so busy in the Melbourne office that they could not go on with our message The re sult was that the message was useless for circulation on Monday night, and that we were exposed to serious loss nnd inconveni ence. We are unacquainted with the rules and regulations of the Melbourne office, but it seems odd the operators should break off in the very middle of a press message. We hope we shall not have again to make such a complaint. Madame Anna Bisiior. — The Sydney Morning Herald quotes a paragraph from the San Francisco Bulletin which states that Madame Anna Bishop is about to seek a di vorce from her husband, Mr Schultz. We arc in a position to give the statement a direct contradiction, Madame Bishop, at last American advices, being comfortably settled with her husband on her farm, near New York. ScnvANTGALiSM.— Much has been said and written at times about ' Servantgalism' in Victoria, but an instance has recently come under notice which beats hollow any thing we ever heard of in that line before. A few days ago the wife of a late Minister of the Crown replied to an advertisement for a housemaid, and received the following in answer, written in a neat feminine luxnd : — ' Madam, — I received your note this mom ing in answer to advertisement, requesting me to call at your houso, which I beg to in form you it's not convenient, as I am staying with some friends at Windsor since I left my situation in South Yarra. If you are not suited I should be glad to have a letter from you stating full particulars ; or should you think proper, you could see me by call ing on me at the address as under. Yours, trulv, ? .' CiunGE op Misdemeanor. — MrJ. Forsyth, of Glcnorchy, one of the witnesses for the prosecution on the trial of Joseph Fisher Perkins, at the late Supreme Court Sittings, for the murder of his wife, appeared on Tuesday at the Police Court, as a defendant, Mr C.D.C. Jones having charged him with wilfully, unlawfully, and knowingly given false information at the Registry Office touch ing the cause of death of Perkins's wife. Four witnesses were examined, including Dr. But ler, who had made a postmortem examination, and proved that death was the result of blows, causing concussion of the brain. The cause of death stated by Forsyth to the Registrar was ' old age.' As the gist of the offence was ' knowingly' making a false statement, and the information was given prior to the post mortem, which was necessary for even the medical men to determine the cause of death, Mr A. B. Jones, the Stipendiary Ma gistrate, did not consider there was sufficient prima facie evidence, and he said he should take on himself the responsibility of dis missing the case. Defendant was defended by Mr Isaacs, instructed by AUport, Roberts, & Allport. — Mercury. Southern Compliments to Launceston. — Mr Wm. Bisset, an irascible gentleman who hails us from East Bay Neck, through the Tasmanian Times, waxed very wroth on Saturday last, and relieved bis feelings in this wise : — Why cannot we have steam to Adelaide ? See where its Governor has to wonder in his way thither — he has been to Melbourne before, and then be must needs go through that dirty ' rob us of half our glory' hole Launceston — instead of coming direct, as our English mails should do once a month. But no 1 it must be landed in Melbourne, then punted through what some are pleased to term the northern capital— just as if a little island could have twocapitals — and then sent here. Is there any reason why a steamer would not pay in time to Adelaide as well as to Sydney ? Only a few years ago that was withdrawn, but now tho boat to the latter place— according to the published returns of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company — pays the best ; and how would this be aug mented, could the merchants of New South Wales and South Australia meet on common ground in Hobart Town, and then pass on to their respective abodes. At the present time the people of Adelaide send the largest portion of their produce to Sydney, and it is not unreasonable to conclude that a number of passengers go to and fro by way of Mel bourne — where perhaps they have been be fore. The route round the South- West Cape would be new, and the climate refreshing if they desired to halt in Hobart Town on either business or pleasure P.S. — We want some grape juice in exchange forthc Cascades vintage. Some better flour in lieu of the blackguard stuff now sent from Launceston. Won't the Soutli Australians take our apples? Many years ago they consumed the Derwent potatoes largely. [Bravo Bisset ! Fas est et ab Iwste rfoceri'.] Telegraphic Extension ex route for Euboi-e.— Captain Osborne, R.N., lias arrived by the mail steamer in Adelaide. His mis sion is to promote telegraphic extension to Australia, and with this object in view he will visit the other colonies. Captain Os borue is the originator of a company which pledges itself to land a cable at Port Darwin in 1871, and carry the land line thence to Burke Town in Queensland, or otherwise, as the Australian colonies may agree to. Arrival of Regan, TnE Silwood Mub jerer.— The whole of the evidence against tegan, for the murder of his wife, Emma, vas taken at the Police Office, Westbury, -efore J. P. Jones, Esq., on Wednesday. The node of proceeding was as follows: — The leposition of each witness examined at tho nquest was read over in the presence of the irisoner, and he was afforded the opportunity )f cross-examining them ; but he did not ivail himself of the privilege. The evidenco )f Mr. Sub-Inspector Sullivan, who re :eived Regan into custody when accom panied to the Police Station by Father Walsh, and of Mr. Coulter, Superintendent of Police, who oscortcd him Erom Launceston to Westbury on the morn ing after he was received into custody, was taken. Regan asked no questions, said he had no witnesses to call, and was conse quently committed for trial. No evidence was taken with reference to the finding of the knife in the straw stack. Regan had pur chased a knife at Mr. Barber's store, West bury, on the night before the murder, similar to the one found in the stack. But as the direct evidence is so clear and conclu sive, it was not considered desirable to in crease the evidence by adding to it more of merely a circumstantial character. Regan was brought into town from Westbury on Thursday by the break, and was safely lodged in gaol by Mr. Mahoney at 7 p.m. He appears considerably changed for the worse, physically, since the evening he surrendered. His demeanour is subdued in the extreme. He was attended by Father Hogau while at Westbury, and he appears perfectly resigned to his fate. It is difficult while looking at the mild inoffensive looking little mau, to imagine how he could have been wrought up into the frenzy which resulted in the horrible murder of his wife. Accident on the Market Wharf. — Between three and four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, Messrs Gaunt & Co.'s drayman went down to the market wharf to deliver two bags flour ou board the cutter Edwin, which was lying alongside the long jetty that runs out at the lower end of Charles street, and between that and the Esplanade portion of the market wharf. The horse and dray were taken on to the jetty and turned round to the Edwin to unload, when thchorss took fright at seeing the water on the west side of the jetty, and backed until he ran the dray over the edge of the planking, and of course accompanied it into the mud below — the tide being out. The horse was flounder ing, and sinking deeper and deeper in the mud, when Brown, Larter, and other men present, reached the horse from a boat, ex tricated him from the dray, and by passing ropes round his body, head, and tail, man aged to slide him along the mud, up to the junction of the market wharf with tbc jetty. There they cut away part of the woodwork, and made a sort of inclined plane, up which they hauled the poor animal, who looked rather the worse of his escapade; a thick coat of mud concealing his color — a bright grey. One bag of flour was raised from the mud in tiie same state as the horse, and the other sank entirely, but was ultimately recovered. The dray was also recovered, but much damaged, and was token home — in pieces — in another dray. To England via San Fiuncisco : — We have much pleasure in announcing that the Californion, New Zealand, and Australian Steam Company have appointed Mr George Fisher, their agent in Launceston, and that he is now ready to book passengers for their boats. These vessels trade under contracts for a monthly mail service, and offer an ex peditious andplcasurablc route for pascsngcrs for Europe. The next boat will be the City of Melbourne, Captain Grainger, which leaves Sydney on 27th inst, proceeding to California, via Auckland and Honolulu. Mr Fisher will be happy to supply all particulars to intending passengers. Australian Mutual Provident So ciety. — The twenty-first annual meeting of the above Association is fixed for the 26th instant, and will be held at the Principal Office, Pitt- street, Sydney. Particulars of the business to be transacted will be found in our advertising columns. Theatre Royal. — One of the grand treats for the holidays is the sensational drawing room entertainment of the Brothers Brandt. The first entertainment, divided into three parts will be given in the Theatre Royal on Monday evening, and repeated each evening during next week. The first portion is a protean entertainment, termed Mash 1 In this Mr Edward Brandt, by rapid changes of dress. And facial moke up, will sustain nine different characters. The second por tion is of a musical character by Mr George Brandt. The third will be the most sensa tional, being entirely of a clair-voyantc cha racter, and in whic'a the medium Nellie Brandt, the sightless seer, will prove that supernatural vision beats human vision hol low. The entertainment as a whole, is of a varied, amusing, and intensely interesting character. Steam between Circular Head and Melbourne. — The new twin-screw steamer Pioneer, Captain Paxton, after having had her new propellers fitted, was swung at the buoys on Monday, and was to have left that uight for Circular Head and other ports on the North-West Coast of Tasmania, but she is not mentioned in the list of shipping sailed from Port Phillip Heads on Tuesday. The Argus says: — 'Since the alteration in the size of her fans, the speed of the Pioneer has been greatly increased,' JEbDinrAiK Vale Cbai-e!..— Ob Sabbath last, April loth, the anniversary aormons of the Mountain Vale Primitive llcthodist Chapel were preached by the Rev. T. 15. O. Hell, of Longford The heavily charged rain -clouds that hung over the mountains doubtless told against the congregations. However the chapel, while nearly full at the morning aervicc, mas quite so in the afternoon. The Ay following was indeed a fine one, and by J p.m. a large number of people from tlie 'Surrounding neighbourhoods began to con gregate. A booth was erected close to the chapel, and hi both places a substantial repast was provided at 3 o'clock, to which about 110 persons did ample justice. The public meeting, after tea, was opened devotionally by the Rev. Jfr Moll, and presided over in a tnisiness-Itke way by Mr Jas. Green. Sir J. H. Wilson gave a financial statement, by which it appears that a debt of £38 remains ior liquidation. The Rev. MrMell gave a short practical address on the advantages of such a building to so out-of-the-way a loca lity as Mountain Vale, and appealed to the 'people to render what assistance they possi i)ly could, so that the money above named might be paid, ifnd the interior lined with tongued and grooved boards, so as to make it comfortable for the children and teachers of the public school, which is held in the build ing. The meeting broke up about 5 p.m., the people returning home much pleased ?with the day's enjoyment. The monetary results are as follows:— Cash, about £15, and promised donations £13 ; total, £28. The public school, taught by Mr and Mrs Wilson, lias been of great benefit to the families in the neighbourhood. The trustees of the chapel allow its use rent free to the Board of Edu cation. As the people of Mountain Vale arc few, and of limited means, though having already accomplished much in the erection of this place of worship, doubtless, some benevolent residents of other localities might feel disposed to help them. Any donations forwarded to the Rev. T. E. 0. Hell, Long lord, will be thankfully received and duly acknowledged. — Correspondent Me WAiu-Eif Whitefooud and the Tracks on The New Zealakd Gold-fields.' — The 4Srey River Argus of the 31st March says : — One of the most important judgments ever given in the Warden's Court, Ahaura, was delivered on Tuesday last in the case Mackley v. M'Laughiin. The plaintiff applied for the cancelling of the defendant's protection for a track from Noble's to Napoleon, on various grounds, the principal of which was that the track had not been maintained in good order and repair in terms of the protection. Mr Warden Wbitefoord, in company with tlie Provincial and District Engineers went over the track, in order to judge for himself, as ihe evidence was very contradictory ; and at the last sitting of the Court, gave judgment for the plaintiff, ordering the cancellation of the protection, and stating that the Govern ment would now take possession of it, and pnt it in proper repair. This decision will be hailed with pliw-n re throughout rountry districts, because it will prove the death inell of the practice hitherto existing of obtaining protection for anything in the shape of a track, charging very high rateB of tolls, end allowing- the line to fall into a ehame fol state of disrepair, in some cases being toiee-dcep in mud. For the future, the rule will be that where tolls are levied, the tracks must be kept in a proper state of repair, and ire rather fear that the protection on many treks will be abandoned, rather than g to the expence of putting them right. We learn that a number of similar cases will shortly be brought before the Court, and it is likely the case of the track to Antonio's Flat will be the first. The time has come when the Nelson Government ought to obtain possession of all the tracks on its Gold Fields, by purchase or otherwise, and keep them in a proper state of repair, so that facilities may be given for prospecting, and the price of provisions cheapened. The same paper states that the reason given why a Court should ?not be held at Napoleon, is a very unsatis factory one. viz.— That as Mr Wbitefoord 'would have entire control of the expenditure on public works, in addition to his present onerous duties, he would have no time to liold a court at Napoleon. In this article the great anxiety shown by Mr Warden Wbitefoord to do his utmost to assist in the advancement of tbe district in material prosperity, and attend to the convenience o the people. The same paper contains a re port of a public meeting, Sir Warden White foord presiding, to consider tlie advisability of establishing an hospital at the Ahaura for the use of the inhabitants of the Grey Valley. In fact the Grey River Argus is full of Mr Warden Whitefoord. It is gratifying to Hid our young Tasmaniau men thus taking the lead in maintaining the law and laying down foundations for extending law and order in the adjoining colonies. BonBEBiES at the Sandhill. — Some of , the visitors to the hiding place of John Re gan, the murderer, paid a visit to Mr Keene's residence on Sunday morning, and stole from a bed -room a watch and chain. On Tuesday night, some thief entered the residence of (i. Wescott.jit the top of the Sand-hill, while be was at the ' All the Year Round,' for a pint of ale, and stole upwards of £6 which he had just counted and placed between the mat trass and his bed. Mb. Walter Douglas. — The special reli gious services, r inducted at the Town Hall by Mr. Walter Douglas, have been continued duringevcry evening this weelt. On Sunday Mr Douglas will preach at 11 a.m and at 3 and 6 p.m.; the service in the evening of that day feeing intended specially for Children. Escape of a PoisoKEn.—At half-past 4 o'clock on Thursday morning, Constables Bruce and Emsell, of the Selby police, re ceived from the gaol four prisoners for escort by coach to Hohart Town, viz., Honry Wil lott, alias Dennis Tigho, tlie wholesale forger, sentenced at the Recorder's Court, on the 30th March, to eight years' imprison ment, on two charges of forgery to which he had pleaded guilty ; Charles Douglas Ste wart, sentenced to six years' imprisonment for forgery ; Stephen Kelly to six years for houscbrcaking j and John Dowling to five years for indecent assault. The prisoners and their escort had only proceeded as far as the gate of tho Invalid Depot, when Wil iett 6tooped down, freed his foot from the irons with which he was chained to Charles Douglas Stewart, and, bolting back towards the gaol, turned down Bfttfiurst-strcct, and succeeded in effecting his escape. After searching about, the rivet which attached the iron to Willctt's leg was found in tlie street. It appeared to have boon worked about in the basil during the night until the battered riveted side worked clear, and Willett had only to pull tlie rivet out to free himself from all restraint. Willett is about 40 years of age, 6 feet 5 inches in height, sallow com plexion, Jiigh forehead, eyes and eyebrows dark, native place Dublin. He lias pro bably made for some part of the I/ongford district, the scene of his last scries of for geries. He was dressed in prison clothing when, he hurriedly took leave of his compa nions and the escort constables, but he found time to carry away his bundle containing a suit of his own clothing — that in which he was dressed- when tried at the Recorder's Court. AttmvAL or tub English Mail.— The steamer Tamttr having entered the Heads at 12.30 yesterday, arrived at tlie entrance to the ship channel ot 3.30 ; but, as it was then dead low-water, she could conic no further until after the tide turned. Captain Saun dera, finding the detention would be lengthy, thoughtfully launched the steamer's boats, placed the mails in them in charge of the mate, and despatched them to town, where , they arrived shortly after 6 o'clock. They were removed to the Post-office, and the Hobart Town portion was despatched at a quarter to 7 o'clock, but uofc assorted for deljyery as on the previous occasion. The consequence was that the LaunceBton portion of the mail was promptly sorted, and the delivery commenced about 8 o'clock. Qr/EBNiLAjm.— . By telegraph from Bris bane, we learn that on Monday last, six con victs attempted to escape from St. Helena, but were recaptured. The leader of the re volt was a convicted bushranger, known as the Wild Scotchman, and he was shot in an awn by one of die warders before he was retafcen. Retubn of Mb W. T. Dotne — Tliis gen tleman ha vingreturned from Western Austra lia w 0 he reported upon various extensive proposed, schemes of reproductive works likely to be carried out, arrived here from Melbourne by the steamer Derwent yester day, and was heartily welcomed back by a large circle of friends. Mr Doync, in addi tion to his ordinary supervision of the Western Railway, has a special mission to Lauuceston on this occasion, and that is to be present at the opening of the great Longford iron viaduct on the line, which was so satis factorily tested last week. Miss Katb Warije at toe Town Hall. —Miss Kate Warde is to appear at the Town Hall for three nights only, commencing cn Easter Monday, in her popular dramatic and musical entertainments. Miss Kate Warde is accompanied by the eminent pianiste, Mrs. Fatherly, associate of Royal Academy of Music, London, and ex- member of Society of British Musicians. Miss Kate Warde has been lessee «nd manager of the Theatre Royal Hobart Town since Jan, and during the visit of the Flying Squadron to Hobart Town, and since ; Miss Warde and her talented company re-produced, effectively, many of the latest sensational dramatic pieces, which have had the longest run in London, sustain ing the leading female character in each piece herself. Miss Warde is an accomplished dramatic reader, and herentertainineiit ought to be more Attractive here than the readings of the petted and partially spoiled Mr Mont gomery. 