NEW ZEALAND. THE PARIAKA MEETING-THE ARRIVAL OF TITO KOWARU. Oil the morning of the 21st September intelligence was brought to Pariaka that Tito Kowaru was close at hand, and the natives at that village left for the purpose of welcoming him in their usual style. Each had a branch of some tree in his hand, which, as they walked, they waved above their heads, at the same time uttering a cry of welcome. As Tito Kowaru and his followers drew near it was found that they were 80 men and G women. The men are described as being very powerful, and were dressed in the usual bush costume—a plaid shawl fastened round their hips, and shirts over their bodies; and in the head of each were white feathers. Tito Kowaru, with his one eye and horrid-looking countenance, was superbly dressed for a Maori chief. He wore a mat made of very fine native flax, the fringe of which was composed of green and white feathers. On his head he had a cap formed from the plumage of some black bird, and in the centre, standing up in front of the peak, was a scarlet feather. Beneath the mat might be seen a plaid shawl, which was tied round his hips, and which reached below his knees; he also had a new plaid Crimean shirt. On Tito Kowaru coming withmspeaking distance, much was said both by Sir. Panis and the rebel that it would he impossible to put on paper. Accusations were made on one side to be repudiated by thie. other, and vice versa. The Civil Commissioner called OB his natives not to look upon the man who had defiled himself. Tito Kowaru abused Mr. Parris in return, and so Wednesday passed. Tito Kowaru was then invited into the village, but before entering, when about 100 yards off, they all discharged their firearms, and came forward with their guns unloaded. On the Thursday Tito Kowaru expressed a wish to hear what all the talk had been about. He said he had been a long time dead. Mr. Parris then stuck up the sticks, and explained the whole that had been done; and Te Whiti came from his platform, and again put the sticks under his feet. Ngairo, of Wairarepa, said he was in favour of the King. Tepihi said that Parris had spoken of what was perfectly true. The Europeans had sent missionaries to them first, and they had directed them to look up to heaven. Afterwards the Queen had come, and whilst they were looking to heaven the Europeans looked upon the soil. " Those were the wicked things that arrived with the Queen," continued he, holding up a gun; "those were the teeth which the Queen sent amongst them to bite them." Mr. Parris said he had nothing whatever to say about the Missionaries. That was an old story. When the Government came to the country it brought a [good many things with it no doubt, both good and evil, for Satan always followed the works of God to try and destroy what He did. Nothing was perfect in the world whilst Satan was striving all he could against God's works, Tito Kowaru said to Te Whiti, after he had put his feet on the sticks, "I have heard what you have said. If those (meaning the King and Government) are to be no more, who is— who is the person 2" Te Whiti—" It is I. I am the only person." Tito Kowaru—"By whom were you begot ?" Te Whiti parried the question, although asked it many times. At last Tito Kowaru said, "Who is there behind you?" Te Whiti—"There is one Father, one Son, and one Holy Ghost; altogether there are three; yes, they are three, yet are but one, and that is I." After some more bantering between theset wo chiefs, Mr. Parris got up and said there was only one way of settling the thing; that was by allowing the leading men of the country to meet the Governor, and to talk the matter over, and try to bring about a better state of things. Te Whiti was somewhat excited at this, because the natives seemed to agree with the Civil Commissioner's remarks, and some of Tito Kowaru's people cried out "Parris ia rieht." Te Whiti said, "I see and hear. You all approve of what Parris has said; even Tito Kowaru's people are with'him. Go every one of you with him, and fulfil your heart's desire—kill and eat each other, rob, get drunk, commit adultery, sell land, make roads—do everything the wicked are intended for—but don't look back on me afterwards." Mr. Parris said, "The task must be gone on with. The roads must be made, and (stretching out his hand to Whiti) give me my children, that I may go and do it." Ts Whiti made no reply, but endeavoured to laugh it off. Tito Kowaru, coming into the centre with a bright doublebarrelled gun in his hand, said, "I have come to Pariaka. I now return to Ngatimaru. I shall turn my back upon Taumatamahoe and Tawhana (meaning the whole of the Ngatimaniapoto). Tawhana's work is his, and I have nothing to do with it. My eyes turn to Ngaire and to the sea. My mind night and day is only thinking of Ngaire. I will never strike another blow unless I am attacked. If my face is scratched I shall retaliate. Oh, all ye people assembled, 1 now bid you farewell. I go to my camp for the night, and in the morning leave on my homeward journey." Several asked him to step, and asked him if he' was angry by his leaving so quickly. He said—"No; but what is there in the talk? I have heard what you said, but I don't see the end. It is useless. You call the people from the. right and from the left—you say nothing— no more." Tito Kowaru then rose, and he and his followers left in a body. Thus ended the Pariaka meeting, over which much excitement has been occasioned all over the colony. HILTON BAPTIST CHAPEL.—The anniversary sermons were preached on October 16—in the morning by the Rev. A. MacCormac, afternoon by Rev. S. Mead, M.A., and evening by the pastor, ill'. Wilton 'Hack, to crowded congregations. On Monday, in the chapel, which was beautifully decorated with flowers, about 150, including many from town, had teaafter which the public meeting was held, and Rev. S. Mead presided. Mr. John Ruddock^ the Treasurer, stated that it had been deemed necessary to build a large porch at a cost of about £45. This sum, with the aid of friends and a collection, had been met, aud a small balance was in hand. Mr. Hack was thankful that the cause of Christ in that neighbourhood had been advanced. When lie took charge he felt much discouraged, but God had blessed His word, and 18 souls had found Christ during the year, while many more were in the way. After referring in congratulatorv terms to the Bible Class, regretting a falling off in the attendance at prayer-meetings, speaking- warmly of _ the success of the Sundayschool, and mentioning the Mutual Improvement Society, he said Hilton had become a happy place, as the Sabbath was now observed. God's Word was read, and the people were seeking to know the way of salvation. The Rev. S. Mead rejoiced that the district had secured the services of so excellent a man as Mr. Hack. He had great faith in the voluntary principle iu supporting ministers, and trusted they would not there forget their obligations. He thought no greater success, considering the circumstances, kad attended any Church in the colony. Messrs. Searle, Atkin, and White then addressed the meeting, the last urging that more accommodation would shortly be needed. Mr. Hack stated that the balance in hand and the collection would be devoted to purchasing a harmonium, and after words of hopefulness aud gratitude the proceedings closed. The choir were ably assisted by visitors, and Miss Stoneliouse, of Plynipton, presided at tho harmonium. Collections realized about £'8, and the tone of all the scrvi'-c.s was c-i^ee iin^'v joyous. 