RAILWAY EXTENSION AND WOODEN TRAMWAYS. THE following communication on the above subject appeared in the Gympie Times, of May 25:— The metropolitan press has been considerably metropolitan press considerably occupied by this subject lately, and the corres pondents thereof appear to hare been going in pretty strong for wooden tramways; permit me therefore to introduce them in the columns of the Qympie Time*. Ido not intend to advocate the system which has been called by its oppo nents " costly and extravagant," neither do I propose to raise my lance in favor of the one objected to by some as " cheap and nasty." I propose merely to offer a few remarks which may, I hope, tend—however little—towards confirm ing that old saying, " the middle course is best," an axiom, by the way, generally lost sight of by those who possess a favorite hobby, and canter him out before the people. The war cry of the tramroad people appears to be " Down with the civil engineer." One of the Brisbane papers was far from being compli mentary in a leader I caught sight of the other day. I don't recollect the exact words, bat engineers were accused of being averse to eoonomy in railway construction, and received a gentle hint that their services thereat could be dispensed with altogether. As one of the profession so evidently at a discount in Queens land, but not having the honor to belong to the Civil Service of the country, I was not entirely overcome with dismay; on the contrary, my curiosity was excited in the hope shortly to see the effect of a little amateur civil engineering in a colony where amateurs of all trades and professions have met with such eminent saoesu. Mr. Ban*, in his practical and suggestive letter, was, I must say, a little too hard upon our cloth. He says he " consulted an engineer of great experience" when designing his tram way, who disapproved of his longitudinal sleepers as being difficult for effecting repairs; upon this he immediately shut up his friend by saying that he " should take care to eonstruot the line in such a manner that repairs would not be needed." Imagine how small the " en gineer of great experience" must have felt at so sudden and unexpected a firing of his flint. 1 am disposed to admire Mr. Raff. I admire all practical men. Engineers of small and great experience can always obtain good ideas from practical men; even from practical boys. The small boy who attended the first crude steam engine furnished its inventor with his crowning idea, by the simple connecting of a tap and a beam by a bit of string. But there is one thing in Mr. Raff's letter, of April 28, which I do not admire, and that is where his statements are not strictly in accord ance with facts. He says, "It is well known that we possess in abundance the finest timber in the world for the construction of railways, ourironbark and bloodwood being considered indestructible, except by fire, yet its existence has been ignored by railway engineers, who appear to work with the belief that railways must be made after a certain manner in all places, and under all circumstances." Can Mr. Raff be unaware that tbe timber he refers to is ut/d upon all the colonial railways for sleep ers, bridges, and lots of other purposes ? I have never seen it employed where earth would do as well except in Queensland, in some of Mr. Fitzgibbon's bridges, but that only goes to show that here we have used rather more ironbark and bloodwood than was absolutely necessary. Anybody who has travelled can disprove the latter part of the paragraph, that is, if be noticed the different descriptions of railway he was travelling over. I am not a little surprised that some of your Queensland engineers have not ventured to sug gest to Mr. Ratf that such general condemna tion was scarcely Parliamentary. I can only suppose that they feared to attempt to reprove one who had already co signally shut up a mem ber of their body possessed of "great expe rience." Approving most heartily of his advice as to the necessity of a cheap and economic opening out of the country, aud knowing Mr. Raff to be no enemy to railroad*, I still think that his arguments would have had more force had he not wedded himself to the system of horse traction. Mr. Raff, in his first letter, which appeared in the Courier of the 27th April, has indeed begun upou rather a rotten foundation wheu he quotes the following from the report of the Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales upon Horse Tramways, as " so sound " as to be " induced to call attention" to it :— "3. Because ahorse railway can, where the traffic U light, be worked at less cost than the locomotive; though the very opposite is the case where the traffic is heavy. " 4. Because the cast of working a horse rail way noed never exceed what is absolutely no cessury for the transport of the goods carried, and consequently carriage may be charged at an equally cheap rate whether the traffic be light or heavy." I think it would puzzle Euclid himself to re concile axiom 3 with axiom 4. If the one is sound the other is decidedly a little decayed. Mr. RutTu plantation tramway is a great suc cess. Nobody can deny that "there are other places where such iastitutions would be very useful. A tramroad connecting our principal reefs with the crushing machines |would be a boon to the miner, and a profit to the promoter. From the wooUhed of the squatter to the nearest point upou the railway, for feeders to main lines of railway connecting them with agricultural and other settlements, they are adapted and would promote agriculture and settlement in the colony. A tramway connecting this gold-field with the nearest seaport, constructed so as to be worked by a small locomotive, would be a great advan tage, and would soon repay cost of construction; suoh a one could be constructed oheaper than one to bt> worked by hone-power, but it could not be made and furnished with reilmg-stoek for five hundred pound* a mile, although the country is an easy one. As feeder* to the main arteries of communica tion, tramways as ebeap as could be made with safety and economy, would be a boon to • new country in a variety of place*. I cannot, however, approve of a bone team road " five or six hundred miles long." In laying main lines into the interior, there will no donbt be riven to Croat, pinches to climb, and not a few ranges to surmount. Now, to bridge a river for a team of horse* drawing a train of waggons, will coat rather more than for a light locomotive drawing a train of tracks: I say more, because you will require a close planked superstructure, hand-rails, Ac., not required by the steam-hone. For your hone tramroad your catting and embankment will cost more than for your light locomotive line. I say more because horses cannot drag a loaded truck up so steep an incline, or round a sharper curve, than a steam-engine can do when they an between a pair of rail*, no matter what they can do on a common road. Over an undulating country, or op and down gradients, the advantage* of momentum would be almost lost with hone-power. Over a level country a locomotive would do the work for at least half the cost of horse trac tion, taking no notice of time aaved; for it would not be economic to work your locomotive at a less speed than ten mile* aa boor, and hone* would not travel mom than three mile* an hour. For a light railroad the difference between the cost of a wooden nil and an iron on* would not exceed £600 a mile. Hay ing had to do with both dssoriptions of rail, I know the iron one to be the moat economic Most other railroad men will agree with me, for we often use wooden one* in tem porary work*. But if you can't afford the odd six hundred a mile nut in wood rather than have no railroad; that is the common sense way to look at it, but you must keep a •harp look out, and have your bearing* pretty dose, or smashes will eventuate; you can t see the inside of an ironbark log. Wooden rails on a level " easy" road, with little traffic, would no doubt last some time, but on sharp inclines, combined with sharp curve*, they would stand a poor chance in contention with iron wheel* grinding against them, locket) and skidded in their descent. I am afraid Mr. Raff's wooden rail*, two inches by two, would in such positions bring the rolling stock to grief and ,be much ent op themselves after the traffic of a main line six hundred mile* long during a few month* of the Queensland sun, which luminary is rather bard upon small scantling exposed to it* influence. In the construction of European railway* the expense of transporting the earth or atone re quired ha* been a considerable item. The experience thu* gained might apply in some measun even to the opening out of this new country. It ha* proved this, that for very short distances the wheelbarrow answen best; aa the distance increases, a horse and cart become* mon economical. For still greater distance* we lay our light trams very often wooden ones, put trucks upon the road, and the effective power of the horse is increased upon easy gra dients. Still greater is the distance, then the iron nil irlaid, and the noble iron horse (which a beneficient Providence pot into the wind of man to invent to conquer distance) snorts off with his load. The fallacy of horse-traction railroads for anything but exceptional cases having long ago been dearly proved, it is not likely that a civil engineer of any standing will advocate them a* a general system of internal communication to supersede steam power. Verily! would the shades of Locke and Bte phenson, and a host of other ghosts of talented and gifted men, who have graced the profession so despised in Queensland, rise up from their graves at the invocation of the miserable quadrupeds doomed in the latter end of the nineteenth century to toil and struggle along a tramroad six hundred miles in extent. If we are to grow corn let it be to feed men. The steam horse eats little, and when he is idle he eats nothing. His longevity is extreme. To conclude, let me add that all I contend for is that main lines should be locomotive railways, constructed as cheaply as is consistent with safety and economy. Their expense depends on the features of the country they traverse, and cannot be guided by a rough estimate un assisted by actual examination and survey. To estimate the sleepers, rails and rolling stock, without any data to fix the probable cost of the necessary bridges and excavations is like calculating the cost of the saddle and bridle without taking account of the horse. One of the main items in the expense of Aus tralian railway making is to keep your road above flood leveL Here, where time is ap parently no object, the engineer would be able to keep his line on the natural surface at a great saving of expense, bat of ooarse at the risk of the traffic being stopped several months in a year. Your rraneh systems of communication may re wooden trams, turnpike roads, American plank tracks, wire suspended baskets, or even pack horses, according to the capabilities of the country and the taste and fancy of its inhabi tants; but without a decent trunk the new branches will scarcely bear fruit. Let us even take nature for our guide; remember that the stem of the tree is more powerful than its branches. The Mary River is of a larger car rying capacity than Oympie Creek. The veins and arteries of the human body more strongly constructed than its insignificant blood vessel*; and all this for the simple reason that nature never sends a boy on a man's errand. . CrvTL Bxomn, Oympie, May 21. P. 3.—1 should have said that the true cost per mile of nilway should be taken as the crow flies, from place to place. The cheaper systems in following the eontoun of a country would make the distances much greater; judicious outting and embankment may often save miles, and this should be considered in making comparisons of cost. 