REVIEW. Hie Holy Ckail and Otiu;k Poems. By Alfred Texsysox. A new poem by Tennyson is an event in these days, and an event which seems widely appreciated, judging from the fact that oO.OOO copies were ordered before it3 miLli .uuiuu. .no ne ucuevc uieii; iue uuii very many copies to be had here, it may not be uninteresting to our readers to have some account of a book which has so many admirers in the old country. Why these poems should be so popular in the present day is a question that may puzzle Future generations. How in the same age it should come to pass that Miss Braddon jhould be the successful novelist while 1'ennyson is the successful poet is an momaly for psychologists to explain. Paste and diamonds it would seem are almost equally effective in dazzling the multitude, and it is only the few who know one from the other. It has required thirty years to teach the world to appreciate Tennyson, and we doubt whether his real merits are appreciated after all by the world in general. What, then, should make him so popular? Partly— perhaps chiefly— the perfection of his sympathy with the age in which he lives, and the fact that he is not j too far before it. He has shown himself | the true Laureate of the English nation ; for all its greatest thoughts and strongest feeliugs have found expression in his verse. I When the people mourned their warrior dead, it was Tennyson who sang the dirge of Wellington. When all hearts were stirred with enthusiasm by the battle of Balaclava, it was he who told the tale of the 'Six Hundred.' Nor has he failed in expressing the throes of intellect as well as those of feeling. To the struggle of retigious thought beneath the trammels of au antiquated creed he has given utterance. The discoveries of modern science find iu his pages an echo that seeiua to give them a new and higher meaning, and the aspirations of noble minds clothe their desires in the language of his muse. One strong element of popularity pro bably lies in Tennyson's language, which is the old Saxon-English such as we find in the Bible. In his poems we are not perplexed by 'long -tailed simile3,' and though sometimes the metaphors are rather dilficult, as a rule the poet seems to rely upon the succession of beautiful images quickly following one another in the natural course of the story rather than upon artifi cial ornaments. His style is singularly pic turesque, or rather full of pictures, each one painted with a minuteness that brings it clearly before the reader's eyes. At random we open the book upon this specimen de scribing a young knight who had fallen asleep in the forest— 'Suddenly wakened with a sound of talk And laughter at the limit of the wood, And glancing through the hoary boles, he saw, Strango as to some old prophet might have seemed A vision hovering on a sea of fire, Damsels in divers colours, like the cloud Of sunset and sunrise, and all of them On horses, and the horses, richly trapt. Breast high in that bright lino of bracken stood. And all the damsels talked confusedly, And one was pointing this way, and one that, Because the way was lost.' Pefleas and Etarr*. Does not all this come before the . eye dis tinctly as if painted by Danby himself? — the bright picture, bathed in rich sunshine, seen from the dim wood under over-arching boughs! The volume before us consists chiefly of additions to the 'Idylls of the King,' and a new edition of that book is already advertised, into which they are interpolated, for only one is supposed to be subsequent to 'Guinevere,' and that one, 'The Passing of Arthur,' is, with^ exception of a few pages at the beginning and at the end, merely a reprint of the '-'Morte d' Arthur,' published in one of Tennyson's earliest volumes. That he should be able to incorporate this early poem with the production of his mature age shows how little his style has altered. It is the public taste that has changed to his, not his to that of the public. The poem now newly published describes the search after 'The Holy Grail,' or cup from which our /'Lord Drank at the last sad supper with his own,',' and which was supposed to have been brought by Joseph of Arimathea to Glastonbury. . 'And there awhile it bode ; and if a man Could touch or see it, he was healed at o*ice, By faith, of all his ills. But then the times Grew to such evil that the holy cup Was caught away to heaven, and disappeared.' Visions of it, however, were supposed to be occasionallygiyentothepureandholy, and the superstitious hope of finding it lasted, accord ing toKiBjpley.tothedaysof QueenElizabeth. In Arthur s time the vision came to a nun, the sister of the gentle Percivale, who thus tells her story :— 'Sweet brother, I hav seen the Holy Grail, For, waked at dead of night, I heard a sound As of a silver horn from o'er the hills Blown, and I thought, 'It is not Arthur's usa To hunt by moonlight ;' and the slender sound As from a distance beyond distance grew, Coming upon me— O never harp, nor horn, J»or aught we blow with breath, or touch with hand, Was like that music as it came ; and then Streamed through my cell a cold and silver beam. And dpwn the long beam stole the Holy Grail, Roso-red with beatings in it, as if alive, Till all the whito walls of my cell wore dyed With rosy colours leaping on the wall ; And then the music faded, and the Grail Passed, and tho beam decayed, and from tho walls The rosy quiverings died into the night. So now the Holy Thing is hero again, Among us, brother; fast thou, too, and pray. And tell tby brother knights to fa&t; and pray, That so perchance the vision may be seen ? By thee and those, and all the world be healed.' Then the knights all feast and pray, and next the vision comes to Galahad the Pure, who sat down on Merlin's famous seat called 'perilous,' where ' No man could sit but he should lose himself,' * * * * # . * * ? ' And all at once, as there wo sat, we heard A cracking and a rising of the roofs.' And again the vision was seen ; and most of the knights swore a vow that they would ride ' A twelvemonth and a day in quest of it.' King Arther was grieved when he heard of this, and told them they- would 'follow wandering fires' by seeking after the ideal and unattainable, and losing the 'chance of noble deeds' by their absence, saying that he foresaw the ruin of the order he had made. And so it proved. The knight* were one after another tempted aside from their object, chiefly by love. ' Scarce returned a tithe — And out of those to whom the vision camu My greatest hardly will believe he saw; Another hath beheld it afar oft, And leaving human wrongs to right themselves, Cares but to pass into tho silout life.' Only Sir Galahad the Pure had seen the vision face to face, and he had passed away over arches that ' sprang into fire and vanished' as he crossed them, into some spiritual city never to be Been again of men upon this earth. All through the poein there runs a sort of hint of allegory, and yet it 13 impossible tu trace any true allegory. To Galahad, ' who lost himself to save himself,' the vision in ever present, giviug him new strength. Percivale, equally single-minded, cannot see_ it, but instead come beautiful things which at his touch break into dust until he falls into despair, and is tempted by the hope of earthly bliss into temporary forget fulness. Guilty Launcelot, 'our mightiest,' con science-stricken, goes forth hoping that the good and evil in his heart may by flight or touch of the Holy Grail ' be plucked aauu. der,' and after many adventures meets witU two great beasts. In his own words — ' Each gript a shoulder, aud I stood botweeu. And when I would have smitten them, heard ft voice— 'Doubt not, go forward; if thou doubt, llio beasts Will tear theo piecemeal.' ' All this seems to hint at something more than meets the ear ; yet we must own we cannot grasp it, and can only refer our readers to the book itself, in the belief that the words are purposely ambiguous in order to leave each one to find his own meaning iu the story. ' The Coming of Arthur' gives us his his tory until marriage. 'Pelleaa andEtarre' is a little episode, describing in the story of a noble knight and ignoble lady the wreck of life that comep of Iobs of faith in woman. 'The Passing of Arthur' being, as has been said, a reprint of the 'Morte d' Arthur,' is well known to all lovers of Tennyson ; but the introduction, which is new, seems to us rich in beauty. It opens with the ghost of G a wain coming on sleeping Arthur — ' Blown Alony a wandering1 wind, and past his ear Went shrilling— hollow, hollow all dcli^hta, Hail King ! to-morrow thou shalt pass away.' Arthur wakes up startled, and full of fore bodings of evil. ' 111 doom is mint!, To war against my people and my Knights. The King who lights his people fights himself, And they, my Knights, who loved me ouco, tho stroko That strikes them dead is as my duatluto mo.' Then comes the description of the battle fought by the sea in a ' doath-likc mist,' iu which friend and foe were shadows, and finally the familiar words— ' So all day long tho noise of battlo rolled.' tlie beginning of the old Morte d'Arthur. The last lines describe the disappearance o f the King. . ' Down that long water opening on tho deep, Somewhere far olf pass on and on and go From less to less and vanish iuto light, And the new sun rose bringing the now year.' There are several minor poems at the cud of the volume, some of which have been published before in the periodicals. That called ' Wages ' contains one of Tennyson's fine thoughts, roughly sat; but 'The Northern Farmer' (ue-7 style) will pro bably be the most widely appreciated. It is not a dying man who speaks tlxis time, but one who has m»de 'proputty,' and does not approve of hi3 sou's marrying a penniless girl. T. ' Posn't thou 'cm my 'orsc's loy.s as they canter* away ? Proputty, proputty, proputty — that's what I 'ears m saiiy ; Proputty, propntty, proputty — suro thou'd an ass for thy paanis; * y Thecr's moor sense F one «' 'h lo^'S nor in all thy braaYns. * # * * ? « * UI. 'Me an' thy mother Sammy, 'as bca'n a talkiu' '. o' thee, Thou's been talkiu' to mother; an she's bean a ' talkiu' to me. ? Thou'lt not marry for money— thou's sweet upo' parson's lass— '?. ' Xoa, thou'lt marry for love; an' wo both ou us thinks thee an ass. IV. 'Seeii'd her to-daKy goiiby — Sa3iuts-daay-~ they was ringing the bells. ' She's a beauty thou thinks noo', soii ig scores 6' golls, Them as 'as munny an' all— wot'd beauty, tho flower as blaws, But proputty, proputty sticks, an proputty, proputty graws. v. ' Do'aut be stunt*; taake time— I kuaws what maakes tba sa mad. -Warn't I crazed fur the lasses mysen when I wur a lad ? But 1 knaw'd a Quauker feller as often 'as towd me this— Do'ant thou marry for munny, but goS whoer inunny is.' This is a fine piece of satire, and further on the man goes on to prove that those who have money have the best chance not'only in this world, bat the next. ' Tisn them as 'as munny as breaks into 'ousci an' steals; Them as 'as coats to their backs/ andtaakea their regular meals. Noa, but it's them as river knaws whoor a ' meal's to be 'ad ; . Taake my word .for it, Sammy, tU poor in « fotnp tilad.' . * Obstinate. * , 