BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING-. On Friday evening, February 25, a service was held for the public recognition of Mr. C. Tresise as an approved minister. The devo tional proceedings were conducted by the _Eev. T. Piper ; and the Rev. J. "Way, who presided, explained that after a probationer had been received by the District Meeting, he was brought before the congregation for public recognition by vote of thb people. He then called on Mr. 0\. Tresise to give a statement of his conversion, callto.the. ministry, and religious experience. -Mr. Tresise said he was not unconscious of the important position he then occupied. He had never lived, such solemn moments as recently, and hoped'the act of that evening would be ratified in heaven; When very young he first felt convictions of sin; parental prayers made a deep impression on his mind, and a pious clergyman helped him to serious religious thoughts and feelings. These wore away, but subsequently the Bible Christian ministry pro duced powerful convictions that led him to Jesus. In company with a brother, now in heaven, he was saved. Years after he felt a growing desire to preach ; he gave himself to preparation, and a deep, clear, and powerful conviction came that his whole life was to be devoted to the ministry. He left England for this colony, and the impressions followed him. He could not shake them off, and, having ob tained a recommendation from his circuit, he entered the work. He had realised many proofs of God's favor; no evidence could be clearer than his assurance of salvation. He hoped to labor in the Bible Christian Church as long as God gave him breath to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. The Rev. S. Keen moved the recognition of Mr. 0. Tresise as a minister of the Bible Christian Church. He said none could foresee the consequences of their act that night. It was apostolic teaching that they should " lay hands suddenly on no man." They acted on this inspired counsel. The Church must recommend.- - Year after year the pro bationers were subject to strict examinations to test, their mental and - spiritual attainments. The final examination at the end of four yearn was minute and careful. He believed Mr. Tre sise had qualifications for the work; he was converted. This was the first and highest qualification. ■ They appreciated intellectual attainments, but these, however great, were worthless' without spiritual power. He had every " confidence in the young minister before them, and with much pleasure proposed his recognition.' The Rev. J. Roberts seconded Mr. Tresise ■ was first appointed to labor with him. He knew something of his life, and had heard good reports from the other stations 'to which he had been appointed. The Rev. -J; Stoyel was called on to support the recognition. - '/He observed that the Church was the 'highest institution on earth and her ministry was of divine appointment. None' should-enter it but as drawn by divine influence; they should be persons of the highest - qualifiations. ^ Careful training was meeessary; for. his • high" vocation; the Apostles iwere trained by three -years' instruction and example' by the best of teachers—their Lord iand Master. The brother before thein had :h'een thoroughly tested. In comparative isola tion from brethren, "surrounded with many dif ficulties,-he had earnestly labored for three years"onTmission ground. He knew something :of his private and public life, and was pleased 'with- the-fervency of his devotions, and earnestly! hoped he would be favored "with a long and successful life. With great pleasure he supported, this proposed recognition. The resolution was , unanimously carried. The Chairman'gav$- Mr. Tresise the right hand of feUowship, _an'd presented him with a copy of th§ Holy Scriptures, which he hoped would be his daily study, his guide and comfort through life. The Rev. J. Ashtonthen delivered the charge. After referring to His having himself occupied a similar position 27 years ago, when he with four others listened to.an address delivered^ by one since1 dead, and remarked up n his feelings and determination, then, the speaker pro ceeded to enlarge upon the work undertaken, its greatness and responsibility. He urged the necessity for purity of life, self-denial,^conse cration, : enthusiasm, fidelity, and imitation of Christ in hatred of sin and love of holiness. He then dwelt upon the themes which were to form the groundword for the preacher, and spoke of the hindrances and encourage ments in presenting ' the' truth to hearers. -Passing—on,- mention was made of the qualifications requisite in a minister, and the need for "preserving lifelong study and constant patience. He then proceeded— "Think no efEort too great and no privation hard that-will-aid~you -in the attainment of knowledge, and most of all let your knowledge be of the Bible, and such as will assist you to unfold and illustrate its meaning, and to enforce its obligations. Be not satisfied with mere fragments, valuable as they may be. Try to descend below the surface to principles that underlie the rules, precepts, and examples. Search for truth as for "hidden treasure." Know it in its usual or common mode of ex hibition, and also in its deeper abstraction and essence, but give it only in the former ju your regular ministrations. Your auditors will generally look for the truth, the bread and water of life, rather than the processes of your possessing yourself of it. To know the techni calities of theology is well, the better to see the, propositions and relations of truth, andthebetter to be enabled to present it to others in its simple beau'y and eternal blessedness. In preaching, the less dogma the better. It should be clear, and plain, and suggestive rather than dictatorial. . Man need not, nor should he give forth his_dictum, yet he should speak_ solemnly and authoritatively the truth as i,t is in Jesus." Farther on die said—"There is danger of our being satisfied" with sincerely setting Christ and His claims before our hearers, just as a teacher of science. does his truths, leaving greatly to them the acceptance or the rejection. But this will not do. If it, be teaching, it is hardly preaching. We must ' beseech sinners in •Christ's stead to be reconciled to God.' We must feel as if the perishing, and, indeed, all men,; were a part of ourselves, and in the deepest sympathy, with a holy enthusiasm, lpvingly urge entire submission to and full ac ceptance of Christ. If well and faithfully done, preaching is a large if hot the largest part '.of/a ininister's work. But there is much bo sides to be .done;' There must be constant watching to prevent the coming in of evil from without, as.well as to prevent the rising up of evil from within, where the good seed has been sown in honest hearts, H're 'the elders of the Church' should keep vigilant eye, and unite with the minister to carry and to feed ' the lambs of the flock.'" Later, he remarked —" Humanity is so weak, so erring, so self willed, so conceited, so bent on evil, and ' our adversary the/devil' is so present and ready to add thereto, that evil will come in. -''.Offences/will'come.' Much, patience and forbearance is necessary, and mucb wisdom to crush evil in the bud. The perfec tion Of the. Scripture and of Christ is the lofty standard to which we must look and to which we-must point, and then humbly and patiently . wait for the ripe corn in the ear. ' Feed my lambs, feed my sheep,' said Christ. To all give their portion of meat in due season, never wearying, nor wavering in well-doing. Ever in''deed and word'be a true 'counsellor and guide.'/Many then will follow, will be saved, and be the Crown of your rejoicing for ever.: Beyond things strictly sacred you will have ;some;, responsibilities in relation to the .discipline and secularities of the Church. Be no novice in such things. T-- ke in to your view the universal Church; but specially that por tion of it of which you are a minister. In Church polity and government expediency seems rather to be the law than anyljpositive command or Eet example. That is the best that most resists evil and most fosters good, and this is often ruled by persons, circumstances, and times; by forms and accidents more than by essentials.',; The Church is one, but widely ramified.; -'Thejssence and the evidence of the unity of the Church is spiritnal similarity,'and diversity of administrations need not affect this. Never be forward to cut off from the Church except in the extremest cases, if then, bear and forbear long. 'Overcome evil with good.' i: hame, or awe, or lead into submission to the truth and right by love. All else may fail; love cannot always. Do your own part in these matters well and timely, and generously help the slow and backward, without severe reproof or chiding." He concluded thus :— " There are, too, Tobiahs, Sanhallats, and Gesheins set on mischief, hindering the work of the Lord. Jerusalem in ruins is their glory ; the temple of the Lord destroyed is their delight. 'Ihey must not be feared, but defied and contemned. Love of ease must be over come by the fire, and life, and power of ' Christ in you, the hope of glory.' Sin and iniquity, however multiform, and however archly and artfully posted against Christ and his universal reign on the earth must be in the name of the Lord assailed in its own citadel, and there may be no truce or compromise. 'To Him every knee shall bow.' ' All nations shall call Him blessed.' All error, whether to al or partial, whether coarse or subtle, and whether popularly called good or evil, must be con stantly opposed with the truth in love, the truth in precept, in rule, in practice, or example. The truth lived must be living truth, and can not be hidden long. ' Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.' But heart evil is the greater foe and enemy to the reign of Jesus Christ the Lord; and love, God's love in Christ Jesus, is its conqueror. It has conquered, it does now conquer, it shall conquer till all shall know him, 'whom to know is life eternal.' How important well to live the life of earth; great as are its responsi bilities, there is no need to despair. ' Our suf ficiency is of God;' His rod and staff comfort. He says, 'I am with you alway ; my grace is sufficient for thee ; be faithful; I will give thee a crown of life.' Seek and expect the Holy Ghost's spirit to comfort and to guide you into all truth; God's providence over you shall be gracious and good. Never forget it is for God you live, for God you labor—that you live and labor — that man, your brother, may be brought hack to love and loyalty to Christ; brought to purity and peaco through Christ. Let your eye be single ; let your aim be great; let your hope be ardent; let Christ be all and in all. Ever remember your high and holy calling. To enemies without or within come not down. To Satan, to sin, to the world, to the flesh, to all that would divert you from 'your work of faith''and your labor of love,' say, ' I am doing a great • work, so that I c .nnot coine down.' May God Almighty bless ami help you, my brother, and may you ever be richly anointed with the unction of the Holy Ghost." 