THE existence of deep lead6 and rich auriferous quanz reefs throughout this district has now become an acknowledged fact. The ranges which skirt the borders of the Coliban are now being prospected by enter- prising' miners intent upon developing the mineral wealth. Daily do we liear of fresh companies starting, new ground taken up, and capitalists brought from Piallarat, Mel - bunrae, Castlemaine, and eisew here, desirous of taking up claims in our m idst. Malmsbury, with her grassy slopes, as well as th',, fertile plains at Lauriston, is n-jw dotted ever with claims, and all the ar ailable country from the banks of the Coliba n, in Kyneton to Taradale, is being rapid'jy taken up for miniDg purposes, and then i iB little doubt that, 'ere the summer he aver, machinery will, coupled with the en'ierprize ot a large mining population, trace the leads which permeate throughout the district. In view of an accession to our population, and an increase to our means of wealth, it is for us to consider -whether we are not neglecting those resources which nature has placed at our very doors The wealth exists in tl le bowels of the earth, and busy enterprize is engaged in developing it. Bet the advantages which should accrue to our town and district ve are suffering to glide away from us. We possess the riches, yet we allow the stranger to snatch them from our grasp. Within our tarritoiy exists that mineral wealth which has made Victoria's cLief attraction, and induced men of every nation to make it tbeir home. But to develop that wealth as it exists in the deep leads, and gin the rich auriferous quarts reel's, needs ^ capital as well as enterpriza, and both these are being supplied by communities that will of necessity reap largely the benefit. The mines, it is trap, are in our district, but shareholders and the associations are chiefly in Ballarat, Castlemaine, and Melbourne, and to these places must consequently go the principal portion of the wealth so developed- Besides this, the management of many of the claims is carried on at one or other of these places, and, from experience, we can S'ate that the expense of conuucting the business of any mining company must of necessity be much greater, away, than near the claim, besides being done in a very loose aocl slipshod manner. We desire, however, to call attention to the inconvenience and loss arising from the want of a mining registrar and ia minng surveyor for the district. A miner alter pegging out his ground is compelled to go to Taradale immediately to register the same, although he may be residing at Kvnetnn, Lauriston or Malmsbury, amd in so doing, although the fees for such registration are but small, yst the loss of time is great and his pocket suffers accordingly. I) after working for some time he desires to register bis claim either for the purpose of further prospecting or to obtain machinery or for anv other purpose, he must again go to Taradale to obtain his protective registration. And this too affords many loopholes for abuses. Mere speculators may hold the ground—when they have possession of Crown Lands—time after time by a little mticoeuviicg, which, were the registrars office within the district, would not be likely to unchallenged. These are only a few of tbe inconveniences arising from the neglect that the district i& suffering. Mining operations are sufficiently advanced to watrant the expectation ot the appointment of a Mining Surveyor and Registrar for this district. Lauriston. for a considerable extent is in the hands of miners confident of obtaining payable reefs and leads. From Little Coliban to the Barfolcl Ranges on the one side is a vast extent of auriferous country, portions of which are be ing profitably worked Snudgruss Gully and its neighborhood has long been the scene of busy mining labor. On the other side we have the Kangaroo Ranges and the claims abutting on the Jim Crow road, the Little 'Joliban diggings, and coming immediately into Kyneton. Lonergan's and Orr'ti paddocks, have for seme time been famous for magnificent yields. Trentbam and Tylden also add their quota to the extent of our mining, and from the extreme -limit of each point that we have now named, to the very borders of our town ship, ground is now being taken up or profitably worked for its auriferous deposits N'or do the value of any of these claims rest upon a mere chimera or fancied lead. Io different parts their existence is proved by yields of gold that would make speculation life if they existed in Ballai-at or Sandhurst* And we have it on undoubted authority that deep leads exist all around Kyneton, Lauriston, and Malmsbury. In fact the claim now being worked by Mr Kitto. M I..A.., and party, is well-known to be one of the richest in the colony. Tha Lauriston Extended ground has long since been proved to have a very rich gutter running through it, and tbe company are now boring to reach the lead again. A very considerable amount of machinery is also used in the district, at the various claims, and still more is on the way to the district. We have not the slightest doubt that in a few months the gold coming into - Kyneton will be counted by tbe thousand instead of, as now, by the hundred ounces, and we think ibis should be sufficient "reason for the Government to consider and ireat Kyneton now as the centre of a large and important goldmining district. In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening, oo the motion for going into sapp y, Mr Farrell again brought under tbe notice of tbe 8<mse the.advisability of glinting permission to tbe various applicants ; to mine within, the Malmsbuiy Reservoir reserve, and mnved -:—" That the several co-partnerships wbd'fcayB Applied for permission to mine within the ilalmBlmry Reservoir reserve, north of the Energetic claim, be amalgamated into one com-: pany, consisting of 40 shares, and that permission to mine ttereon be given to them in the following proportions—Not more than 4-40tlis to the first, Jiot Jess thau l-40th to any «ne of the.co-partnerehips eo ^plying" Many of these applications kad.fae said, "been made a considerable time,' in Biime' instances ifi months ago, and it would be only an act of justice to settle th» m»tt« vitbnt fuftwr iix Witt seconded the motion. Mr Davies, Mr ^uBain, Mr M'Leilan, and others, advised the hon member to withdraw his motion for the present; and in deference to their wishes, Mr Farre'.l agreed to do so, but intimated his intention of bringing it forward on an early day unless the Government settle the matter in the meantime. The annual meeting ot the Kynetonshire Council for the election of a President, and "tiler officers, was adjourned, for want of a quorum, till Tuesday neyt, at noon. At the Poliee Court, on Tuesday last, Sergeant Manson brought under the notice et the Bench, the infant child ot the unfortunate woman Ellen Prettii who drowned herselt in the Campaspe, on Saturday last, and stated that the reputed father of the child, and also the husband, had been communicated with through tha police at Daylesford and Dunolly but no auswer had been received. The child was in the eare of Mrs WalBb, who was herself too yoor tc keep it without assistance, inasmuch as it hindered her from attending to her work, and, having three children of her own to keep, she could ill afford to beBtow the whole of her time on tha infant in question. The Bench asked Mrs Walsh to keap the child till Friday and pmpjised to reward her for her services- Mr Jjarlow, after a long absence, appeared last Vugfat at the Hall of the Mechanics' Instita < *e, and gave his entertainmeut to a pretty -ttir audience.- He was assisted by Miss Florence Lucca and Miss Marie Chalker. The frequent applause given Mr Barlow during the evening fnlly attests the excellence ot the entertainment. He first gave " Bouse, Volun teers, and be ready," and then, " Keep your powder dry." The mellow tones he brought out of the rock harmonican were astonishing. As a comic singer be is particularly good, and his rendering of Mary Jane," '* Prickly Heat,'' and "The Ghost." occasioned great laughter. After an interval of ten minutes be appeared and sung " Sarah Walker. v " The girl you read about," " The West End," and the " Mablr Waltz " and showed his wonderful capacity in taking different characters. Miss Lucca and Miss Chalker sang and played very pleasingly, and Miss Chalker was loudly applauded for the song " Kathleen Mavourneen," which 6hc executed with great taste. Ur Barlow then gave " My old Wife and I" in his usua style, remarking, on retiring, that a darkit wished to present himself shortly, and after an absence ol a few minutes he reappeared as. the Ethiopian in question. His performance on tbe cottage organ baugo, and gridiron, was ex cellent—he displayed great ability and much taste in his playing. The song of The Blu- Tailed Fly" cannot, we thiuk, be surpassed aud, as a negro molodist. he has few equals The entertainment was concluded with "Love among the Hoses." There will be a change in the programme this evening, and it is to b hoped that he will get a crowded house, as he certainly deserves it, for tbe able manner in which he personates the various characters. We perceive by our advertising columns that Mr Charles Young has received instruction from the Piper-street Hall Company to sell by auction, on the ground, on Wednesday, the 23rd instant, part of the land fenced in with the Church of England reserve, which was iutended by the promoters of the above Company to be the site for a new hall, but which has fallen through, and has been placed in the hands uf the auctioneet for sale. It will be a rare opportunity for investors to acquire first-rate business sites in one of the best streets in Kynti-n. The annual meeting of the Woodend Borough Council was held at noon on Tuesday last. The annual statement of accounts was examined and allowed. Cr Savage was unanimously elected Mayor for the ensuina year, and a voce of thanks accorded to the late mayor (Cr Macqueen) After the meeting the adj.turned ordinary fortnightly meeting was held. All the member?, with the exception oi Cr Patterson, were present. A letter received from the Railway Department was read in reference to the unloading of sheep at the platform. The towu clerk was instructed to write again to the department, stating the views of the Council with regard to the matter. Cr Gilchrist moved that tenders be called for pitchiug aud metalling on the Tylden road. An (.mend rneut was moved by Cr O'Brien that the mutter be referred to the Public Works' Committee. Ci Macqueen moved that the Public Works' Committee be requested, at the next meeting, to report on the state of the road on the southern boundery of the borough. Cr Gilchrist reported as to the condition of the Botanical Gardens, aud moved that the Garden t^immittee inspect the same and report at next meeting. Cr Macqueen moved that the Public Works' Committee report on the damage doue to the dam by the recent Sands Accounts to to the amount of £47 3s 6d were passed fir payment A notice of motion was then handed in by Cr Reating, viz :—' That tenders be called for draining." The Council then adjourned. l'he Government Gazette of Friday last notifies that the following leases have been forwarded to the Warden's Offices for execution, and un'ess attended to in proper time, will be forfeited:—Kyneton: Lease, No 590, dated 27th October, 2870; fifteen years; T Hargreape and W Green; 15a Or lOp; £15 Is 4d. Lease No. 599, dated 27th October, 1870; fifteen yecrs; J H K Buscombe; 241 14s 6d. Lease A T n 594, dated 3rd October. 1870; fifteen years; J Col lings; 19a Oi 31p; j£l9 4s. The following particulars of a successful application of Professor Hatford's remedy for snake-bite, have been brought under our notice :—"On Tuesday, November l, at half, past i p.m., the son of Mr Patrick Guinlivan, of Bass River, aged 11 years, was bit ten just above the ancle by a snake. The punctures of the two poison fangs were distinctly visible with a little blood flowing from them. A ligature was applied, and about half a tumbler of strong spirits given in two doses. The symptoms in creasing in severity, a piece of skin was removed from over one of the most prominent veins at tbe bend of the elbow, the point of the syringe carefully introduced into the vein, and about 10 minims of prepared ammonia injected. Tbe relief was almost instantaneous. Some time after, the foot being very painfu below the ligature, this was removed, and additional poison entering tbe circulation, the worst symptoms of snake-poisoning returned— viz., total loss of power over the legs, cold clammy skin, almost imperceptible breathing, and an occasional fluttering was all that could be felt of the ulse. Ten more minims were injected into the same vein. In two minutes the pulse could be again detected, a decided improvement set in, and by 7 o'clock the same evening the toy was well, and laughing as heartily as any one t»uld wish." The narratoi further adds :—" Although the efficacy of Professor Halford's method of curing snake-bite has long been placed beyond a doubt, yet this instance of its successful application may be interesting to the public, as it shows at once tbe absence uf danger from the injection of ammonia into the veins, and the ease with which it may be done by any one with an ordinary amount of confidence ia himself."—Argus. We peceive by the Government Gazette of Friday last that a Local Land Board is appointed to be held at Kyneton on Thursday the 1st December, «t 11 a„m. - It will be composed of the Police Magistrate, the District Surveyor, tha President of the Kynetonshire Council, and Local member of the Mining Boerd. The annual meeting - of the Malmsbury Borough Council was held on Tuesday at noon. Oh -account of the books not being prepared, the annual meeting was adjourned till the next ordinary night of meeting- The Council then re-elected-the Mayor for the ensuing year, who thanked the Council for the very handsome manner way they had treated him by conferring for third time ]the honor upon him. The meeting then adjourned 'till Friday the Snd Decern- j ber tnext.. -i- TbeJIi. liMaSi of Wednesday says :—We . are informed upon what appears to be good authority, that tiw Qenouasnt wtwi to. make the following important changes in the Police department by 1st January next, viz :— 14 officers to be reduced to sergeants. 14 sergeants and 50 senior constables to be reduced to constables; Kilmere, Kyneton, and M'lvor to firm one district. Mr John Dewar,for many years proprietor of the well known store at Pei kin's reef, Maldon. was unfortunately killed Tuesday by a young horse that he was breaking in to harness. It is said the horse bolted and he was thrown out of the dray; at all events his death must have bees instantaneous, ss his neck was dislocated. At the inquest which was held afterwards the real cause of the accident was made known. A verdict ef accidental death has been returned, to the effect that death was caused by severe laceration of the lungs, besides other injuries. It was sworn iB evidence tbat deceased and another were leading the young horse in a spring cart by a long rope on either side, when he bolted, and the cart went over the chest of deceased and causing almost instant death. The story of the gun- carriageH, which was told with so much unction by Mr Longmore in tbe Assembly last night, was not without foundation. The Volunteer Office, it transpires accepted a eontroct for the supply of jarrah timber for the construction of the gun-carriages required in mounting the batteries for the defence of the colony, which, ou examination, was found to be thoroughly rotten. The condition of things was, however, promptly reported to the authorities, and a board was appointed, which condemned the defective timber and ordered it to be removed. Mr Lnnsmore was not aware of this when he dirsoted the attention of Mr Ftancis to what he had seen at the Williamstown Railway workshops. The explanation was held to be satisfactory, though some litigation has arisen out of the action taken by tbe Government. On Monday last p. fatal accident occurred to Mr Hume, a well-known squatter, residing at Mulgrave. The deceased was out paing, and when opposite Bishop's at Oakleigh, Ue was seen to fall from his horse. He, however, seemed •nly to be Blighly hurt, and was conveyed home. He was considered ia so little danger that no doctor was callarl in. During the nigbt unfavorable symptoms set in, and he died early on Tuesday morning. An inquest was commenced by Mr Candler yesterday afternoon. The woman Annie Mansfield, who has several times been before the Court for annoying Joseph Thompson by breaking his windows, etc, and who on Monday last was discharged with a caution to keep away from Thompson's, was this morning brought before the City Court on a chatge of creating a disturbance in Spring-street, she having transferred her affections to Mr Barnard Thompson, before whose house she conducted herself in a most indeeent manner. She was now ordered to find one surety of j£10 to keep the psace for six months, or go to gaol for that time. The case of Catherine Hegarty v William O'Donnell, created some amusement in the Supreme Court to-day It was a case for breach of promise of marriage, and damages were laid at £500. Messrs Casey and Holmes appeared for the plaintiff, and Messrs Byrne and Langtree for tbe defendant. The plaintiff is a young woman of humble circumstances, but considerable personal attractious, and respectably connected, and the defendant was the proprietor of two boot and shoe shops in West Melbourne. It appears the priest was engaged and the wedding breakfast ordered, but on the day before the marriage defendant married another lady. Mr Langtree stated that after hearing the evidence for the plaintiff, he could not attempt to justify tbe conduct of defendant but addressed the jury in mitigation of damages. Tbe judge, in summing up, said that the view taken by the learned counsel for the defendant was the correct one, and recommended low damages, as very possibly the defeudant might not be able to pay them, if large. The jury retired, and brought in verdict tor plaintiff, damages j£100. Last night's Herald. Torture in China is thus related by the North Cluna Daily News:—F-ir several days at the Tea-pavilliou, Foocbow, half-way between the foreign settlement and the city, a man has been standing in a wooden cage, where he will stand till death intervenes. His crime is kidnapping children, aud his age about twenty. Last Saturday I passed the place, and a crowd of idlers were standing round gazing and laughing at him. He was put in the cage the previous day. A seat had been arranged on which he was sitting, his head protruding above the top of the cage_ His eyes were shut, and he was nearly motionless, as if asleep, if sleep were possible under snch circumstances. ±Jarly on Monday morning I passed again ; his seat, which was simply a small piece of board extending from one side of the cage to the other, and kept in position by cleats, nailed under each end to the sides of the cage, had been removed. The wretch was standing on tiptoe with his ancles chained together by a short iron chain, and his hands tied behind him. Some one had put into the cage a few broken bricks. At times he would try, by standing on tiptoes of one" foot, to arrauge some of these pieces together, by using the toes of the other foot, so that by standing on them he might ease himself a little; but he made poor work of it, as he could not see the pieces, and had to labor by the sense of touch only. Before six o'clock a considerable crowd had collected around him. His sufferings must have been great, having been there twenty and more hours. He would occasionally groan, while endeavouring to heap together two or three pieces of brick, so that he could ease a little the pressure which was upon his neck or toes; for without anything higher than the bottom of the cage on which to stand, he was obliged to remain on tiptoe or hang by his neok. A man was similarly exposed the preceding week, at the same place, whe was a notorious and incorrigible thief, and be lived six days in the cage. 