Popular Women. .(From the Salur&ay; Review.') The three' chief caoBes of personal popularity are thb adsoiration wbioh is excited; the sympathy whioh. is given, or the pleas atb that can bo bestowed. We put out of court for our present purposo the popularity which aooompanies political i power or intellectual strength, this being' due to condition, not quality, and therefore not of the sort we mean ; besides, it belongs to man rather; than women, who seldom have any. direot power tbat call advance others, find still soldomor intelleotuar stren^tn enougu to ontain pnuno following beoause of tbeir oonfessed supromaoy. Tho popular women wa mean are simply those met with in society, women whoBe natural place is the drawing room and whose sphore is tho well dressed world, women who are emphatically ladies, and who understand Us eonvenanee* and oboy tbem, even if they take up a cause and practise philantbrophy or preach - philosophy. But the popular woman rarely does take up a cause, or make her philantbrophy conspicuous or her philosophy audible. Partisanship implies angles, and she has no angles. If of the class admired, she is most popular who is least obtrusivo in her claims and most ingenuous in ignoring her superiority. A pretty woman, however pretty, if affected, vain, or apt to give herself airs, may be admired, but is never popular. The men whom she snubj Bnear at ber in private ; tbo women whom sbo eolipses aB well as snubB do more than eneor ; thoao |only to whom she is gracious find her beauty a thing of joy, but as she is distraotingly electric in her favoritism she courts as many foes as she has friends ; and though thoBo'who dislike her cannot call her ugly, thoy oan call her disagreeable, and do. But the pretty woman who wears her beauty to all appearanoe unconsoionsly, novor Buffering it to be aggressive to other women, nor wilfully, em ploying it for the destruction of men. who is graoiouB in manner and of a pleasant temper, who is frank and approachable, and does, not seem to consider herself as something sacred and set apart from tho world because nature mado her lovelier than the rest— she is the woman whom all unite in' admiring, tho popular person par excellence of hor 80t. ' The popular pretty woman is ono who, take her as a young wife (and she must be married), honestly lovos her husband, but does not thrust her affection into the face of the world, and never flirts with him in publio. Indeed, sho flirts with other men just enough to mako . time pass pleasantly, and enjoys a rapid waltz or a lively conversation as much as . when she waa 17^ and bofore sho was appropriated. Sho does not think it necessary for her dignity or . her virtue to fenoa heraolf round with coldness or indifference to: tbe Multitude by way of proving her loyalty, to one. Still, as it is notorious that she does lovo j her husband, and as every one knows ihat 'they ' are perfectly content with eaoh othor,! ond | therefore not on tho look out for supplements, tho mon with whom she has those innooenf littlo jokes, those transparent seorets, those animated conversations, that oonfessed friendship and good understanding, do not make mistakes, and tbo : very women belonging to them forget ' to bo [ «ens(5nou'B, bwh thoqgS she It no muoh admired. She is a mothor too, and a fond one, bo can sympathiso with other mothers, and expatiate on her nursery in the confidential cbat over five o'clock tea, as all fond mothers do and should. She keeps a well managed bouse, and is notorious for the amount of nocdlework she gets through, and of which she is prettily proud, not being ashamed to tell yoa that the dress you admire bo muoli was made by her own hands, and she will give your wife the pattern if she likes ; while sho boasts of even rougher upholstory work whioh she ond her maid and her Bowing machine have got through with despatch and credit. Sho gives dinnerB with a aachei of their own, and that have been evidently planned with' careful thought and sttidy ; and she is not above ber work as mistress and organiser of her household. Yet she finds time to keep abreast v?'th the current literature of the day, and never has to confess to ignorance of the ordinary topics of conversation. She is not a woman of extremo views about anything She has not signed improper papers, and bhe does not disouss improper questions ; she does not go In for woman's rights ; sho has a horror of facility of divorce ; and she sets up for nothing — being neither an' advanced woman desirous of usurping tho possessions and privileges of men, nor a Griselda who thinks her proper place is at the feet of men. to take their kicks with patience and their caresses with gratitude, as Is beeoming in an inferior ereaturo. She does not dabble in politics; and 'though she likes to make her dinners successful and her evenings brilliant, she by no means assumes to be a leader, of fasbion, or to impose lawB on her cirole. She likes to be admired, and she is always ready to lot herself be loved ; she Is always ready, too, to do any good work that comes in heir way, and she finds time for tbe careful overlooking of a few pet charities, about which she makes no parade, just as she finds, time for her nursery and her needle work. And, truth to tell, she enjoys these quiet hours, with 'only her. children to love her and her poor penBioner3_td admire her, quite as ] much :as she enjoys tho brilliant receptions j where she Is among the most popular and tho j most ; beautiful. Her nature, is gentle, her j jfiffections Jarga, ber ' passions small } sbo may have prejudices, but they are ladylike prejudices of a mild kind, mainly on the side of modesty and tendcTnoss and the quietude of womanhood. :Sbeisa woman throughout, without the faintest dash of the masculine element in mind or manners, and sho aspires to nothing else. She carries with, ber ah atmosphere of happiness, of content, of spiritual completeness, of purity which is not prudery ; her life is filled with a variety of interests, ^consequently she is never pcevish tbrough monotony, iaor yet, on the other hand; is she excited, hurried, storm-driven, aB those who give themselves up to ' objects, r and perfeot nothing because-they attempt too much. She is :pppnlaf,; because; ,shori& beautiful without being vain, loving without being sentimental; happy in herself, yet not indiff6rent to others ; because sho understands tier drawing r'oom duties as woll as her nursery ones,- and knows how to: combine doraestioitj with 'social splendour. This is. the bsst type of the popular pretty woman to whom is given admiration, - and against whom no one has a stone to .fling or a. Blander to Wbfcper ; and this is tbejdoal woman, of tbe English upper class home, of which, ^ thank heaven, we still raise a few ajja'cimens; just to show what women may bo if they liko, and what street and lovely oreatures they are when they aro content to be as nature designed them. Anothor kind of popular women is the Bympathetic woman, the woman who giveB instead of receiving. This kind is of variable oonditions. She may be old, she may bo ugly ; in faot, the iB more often both than neither, but Bbe is a' universal favourite notwithstanding, and no woman is more Bought aftor or less wearied of, although none can say why tbey like ber- She may be married, but generally she is either a wjdow or an old maid; as, if a wife, ber sympathies for things abroad are necessarily somewhat cramped by . tbe prossure of tho home life, and her sympathies are her claim to popularity. She lb sincoto, too, as well as sympathetic, and sho is safe. She holds the seorets, both of opinion and deed, of all her frisnds, but. iio ono 'sHspeots that any one has osnfided seorets to ber before himself.; She has the art, or :ratber, tho charm, of perpetual spiritual froshneBs, and all her friends think in turn that: the .founlair^ Jias been unsealed now for the first t.ime,,;' This is hot 'artifice ; it is simply tbe property of deop and inexhaustible sympathy. It is not necessary that sbo should be a wiser adviser to be popular. , Her. province is to listed and to sympathise, to. gather the sorrows and ...the, joys of others Into her own breast, so as to. soften, by sharing. or heighten by reduplication.^. Most' frequently, too, she is not oyot-rigid,in her, notions of moral prudenoe, and will lot a love siok girl talk of her lover, even, if the affair is hppoless and has been forbidden, while sbo will-,!do her best to sooth the man who has had . the misfortunate to get orazod about bis, friends irife. She has been even known, under pressure, to aonvey a message, or a hint ; and of (be two sho is decidedly more pitiful to Borrow than severe to wrong doing. She is in at all the, misfortunes and maladies of hor friends. No-death takes plaoe without ber bearing part of tbo mourning on hor own soul, but then no marriage is considered oomplete in wbioh sho has npt tt shoto. She iB called on to help when ever there ib work to be done, if she is of; the ! practical typo;; if only the mental, she has merely to give, up her own pleasures and her time that she may look', ? on and BympathiBo Every ono, -likes her, ovcryono'tnkea to ber atfirBt sight, no one is jealous of her, and tho law of her life is to. spend aud, be spent for' others. It not unfrequently- happens though, that sho who does po muoh'for vttio3e!, of oibors hds -7 to bear her own ?burderi unassisted jrimdi that she sits at home surrounded by tho speciros' of despair, tbe ghosts of sorrow, wbioh' she helps to dispel from tbeir homes. But she is not selfish ; and while Bh trudges along cheofully enough under tho heavy and of her friends' crosses, she asks no one to lay so much as a finger on her own. In con sequonco of whioh no one imagines that she ever suffers at all on her own acaunt ; and most of her friends would take it as a personal offront wero sho to lurn the tables and aBk for that of whioh sho had given so muoh to others. She is the moral anodyne of. hor oirclo, and when she ceases to soothe, she abdioatea the function assigned to her by nature, and . dies ont of hor allotted uses. Another kind of popular person is the woman whose sympathies are moro aupertioial, but whoso, faculties are more brilliant1;- the woman' who makes herself agreeablo, as it; is .culled; — that is( who can talk when slie is wanted to talk, listen 'when she is wonted to listen, take a prominent part and some responsibility or keep her person ality in the background, ncoording to circum ' stances and tbe need of tbe moment ; eminently a useful member - of society, ond popular juBt in porportion to the pleasure she oan shed around her. But she offends no one, even though alie is notoriously Songht after: and mades muoh of ; for she is good natured to all, and people ora^Vot jaaloHS of those who do not flaunt thsiry0' on sect!, and whom popularity does not make '°.r-.'solent. Tbo popular woman of this kind is always ready to help in the pleasures of others. She i; a fair weather friend, and shrinks with the most charming frankness from those on whom dark days have fallen. She is reBlly very Borry when any of her friends fall out from the ranks, and are left behind to the tender mercies of those oruel oamp followers in the march of life— sorrow or siokness ; but sbo feels tbat her place is not with them — rather with the singers and players who. are making tilings pleasant for tbe .main body. But if she cannot stop to soothe the pillows of a dying bed, or soothe the troubles of an aching heart, she can , organise, delightful parlies, set yonng p'eoplp to oongenial games, tako off bores, on to ber own shoulders, and even utilico them for the neutralisation of other bores; she ia good for tho baok seat or tho front, as is most con venient to others ; she can shine at the state dinner where you want a serviceable show, or make a diversion in the quiot, not to say atupid, conglomerate of fogioa, where you want a lively element to jprovent universal stupor; she talks easily and woll, and even brilliantly when on hor mettle, but not enough to excite men'B envy ; and she has no deaided opinions. She is a cbamoleon, on opal, changing ever in changing lights, and no one was yet known to determine her central quality. All that can be ssid of her is that she is good natured, and amusing, clever, facile, and ever ready to assist at all kinds of gatherings, wbioh she has the knack of making ' go,' and which would have been bIow without her ; that she knows every game that was ever invented, and is god for every sort of festivity ; that she is always' well dressed, even tempered, and in (apparently) unweariod spirits and superb health ; hut what she is at home, when .th'e world is shut out, never; troubles the thoughts of any. She. is to society' , what tbe sympathetic woman is to the individual, and the reward is rauub the same in botb case. But unless the socially useful woman has been able to secure tho interest of the sympathetic, one, tbe ohances are that, popular as she is now, she will be shunted to tbe side when -her;, time of brilliancy has passed ; and that, when her lest hour comos, it will find her without the comfort of a friend, forsaken and forgotten. She is of the kind to whom sic transit inoro especially applies » and if her life's food has not been quiot the husks, at all events it has not been serviceable or enduring bread. 