THE BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Be nevolent Asylum committee took place yes terday, the chair being taken by Mr. Wise would. Admissions. — Among the applicants for admission was a young man in very tat tered clothing, who gave his name as Dan gerfield. He had been found wandering about f;he streets by the police, and was taken before the city magistrates. They recom mended him to apply for admission to the asylum, and in case, he should be refused ad mittance they promised to send him to gaol as a' vagrant. [The : superintendent i. - formed^ tho committee that Dan gerfield had beoti in the asyluji about ; two years ago ; but one day when he was put '' out about some thing, he took, up a dinner knife and' made everyone in the room run for their lives. A constable was fetched, and took him to the watchhouse, from whence lie was sent to the Yarra.Bend as a ?raging Innatie. Danger field informed the committee .that he had recovered from that, a long time ; and, on the motion of Mr. Phillips, he was admitted, subject to the .furnishing of a certificate by the-medical officers to the effect that lie was sane. Eight decrepit old men were ushered in at once as applicants for admission. , They had all been up before, anil were sent 'away again for want of room. Quarrels amnnrjthi Inmates.— Three very elderly women named Mary Wardlaw, Harriet Vaughan, aud Sarah Gibson, came up for bad conduct, aud two othera appeared as their accusers. A WTanglccommencedbetweenthemwhenbeforc the committee, but it was stopped by the superintendent. One of the old women who camo as plaintiffs stated that Mm. Gibson called the Holy Ghost to witness that some one in the institution would be dead within a week ; and as she shook her fist at the time in complainant's face, complainant be lieved that it was her Mr3. Gibson meant. Mrs. iGibson assured.- the committee that she never made use. of the word in her life. In reply to a committeeman the superintendent gave all five a bad char acter for insubordination. Mr. Harkei moved that the lot be turned out for a month as a lesson. Mr. Zox protested against such an inhuman proposal. He be lieved that if these five poor creatures were turned out upon the streets, there would be an outcry of public indignation, and justly. Mr. O'Brien having heard that all five received medical comforts, moved, as an amendment, that these be cut off from them for a month. This, he thought, would bo a sufficient punishment, and it ought to be impressed upon them, at the same time, what their liquor was stopped for. Mr. O'Brien's amendment was carried, and the next case called on. Campbell, ayoungmanin black goggles, charged Reidy, a very fat, el derlj'- inmate, with knocking him down. The superintendent said that on Tuesday thorn had been divine service in the hall, and after it was over Campbell found Reidy asleep on one- of, the benches. He shook and woko .him, whereupon Reidy knocked him over. The chairman asked Reidy what he ha.l to say in extenuation. lleidy replied that he was under the influence of liquor at the time. This statement seemed to surprise the com mittee, and tne cnairman asKeu wnere ne had obtained the liquor from. Reidy said that ? he had been out on leave and got drugged liquor in a publichouse. He came back drunk and went to sleep in the chapel. Reidy was ordered out whilo the committee deliberated. After a brief discussion, it was agreedto expel him. He was then called in again. : The Chairman : You are dismissed from the institution. Keidy : Thank you. (Laughter). Mr. Munce's Case. — After some business of no particular interest, a motion by Mr. Zox with reference to Mr. Munce's exercising other functions besides that of secretary and bookkeeper to this insti tution, was called on. Mr. Munce, with j the leave of the committee, read a; statement, in which he pointed out that since Messrs. Wisewonld and Zox had been on the committee they had continually made attempts to deprive him of his office. He alluded also to the report of Messrs. Myers aud Tuckett, the auditors, with re ference to the keeping of the books, and em phasised the fact that Mr. Myers was Mr. Zox's partner. When the statement had been concluded, Mr. Zox rose. He did not believe that the insinuations of the secretary would' have the effect intended. (Hear, hear, from several members). Mr. Myers was too well known, and ho himself was too well known for that. These insinuations would not cause him' to waver from the course which he had notified his intention of taking ; and he now moved, pursuant to notice, that in the opinion of this committee the offices of secretary and- bookkeeper should be per formed by a gentleman who gave his whole time io the asylum. How was the work done now ? In a great measure by a Mr. Thorp, over whom the committee had no control, employed by Mr. Munce from with out, and by an inmate of the institution. Was this proper? He declared that it wasnot, in the case of so important an institution as this ; i and the committco wero not doing their duty to the subscribers if they allowed it. Mr. Egan seconded the motion, which was similar to one which he had brought for ward a short time ago. He compared Mr. Munce's position to that of a parson who was paid £500 a year, and got a curate to do the work for him at £50. That was not the sort of thing which the committee should sanc tion. Mr. Tankard took the same view. He supported Jlr. Munce s appointment at the time it was made, but he had no idea that the work was to be performed by de puty, i MrT O'Brien opposed the motion. No act of neglect had been proved against Mr. Munce, and the gentlemen who had been lately requested to examine the books of the institution found that they were kept in a creditable inanner. He moved, as an amend ment, i that the committee proceed to the next business. Mr. Martin seconded the amendment. He was only disposed to in quire whether the work was done satisfac torily,! and m his judgment it was. Air. Van Anistel spoke in support of Mr. Zox's motion. Mr. Harker supported the amendment. He believed. that the assist ance which Mr. Munce received was allow aoie, since no omy ooramea zae aia oi *\ir. Thorp; tho gentleman alluded to by Mr. Zox, on occasions when there was a pressure of business. The chairman said that it was impossible for Mr. Munco to attend properly to his duties, and at the same time fill the other offices apart from the institution which he held. The secretary of the asylum ought to be there all day, within reasonable 'office hours. ' After further discussion Jlr. O'Brien's amendment was put and negatived, and the motion of Mr. Zox was agreed to by 9 votes to S. The committee shortly afterwards ad journed. ' . 