SYDNEY. THURSDAY. The Financial Statement was made to-day in Parliament. The revenue for the year from all available sources is estimated at £2,147,000. The estimated expenditure of the colony for the year is calculated at £2,127,000. It is anticipated that the total deficit at the end of the year will be £210,000. The Treasurer expects that the revenue of the year will be £103,000 less than the estimated revenue of last year. It is proposed to fund the debt of the colony and provide that £100,000 be redeemed yearly. The newspaper postage and ad valorem. duties are proposed to be abolished ; the tax on opium to be reduced to ten shillings, and raises the duties on cigars, beer, coffee, and the stamp taxes. The Budget imposes a measurement duty on packages, also an Income Tax of six pence in the pound. The Treasurer thereby expects to obtain a surplus next year of £60,000 besides reduc - ing the funded debt of the colony £100,000. Vice REGAL VISIT TO OI-STER COVE.—We understand tbat Ilis Excellency tbe Governor and Mrs DuCane, accompanied by the Private Secretary, Mr Chichester, Sir Francis Smith, Chief Justice, and the Kev Henry Bromby contemplate paying a visit shortly to Oyster Cove for the purpose of visiting the! last of the aborieinale stationed ibere. * REPRESENTATION OF BUCKINGHAM.—The Returning Officer for. the E ectoral District of Buckingham has received a writ for the election a member to serve in Parliament in the room of the late hon T, Y, Lowes, M.lj-C. The period of nomination is from the 24tn inst. to the 9th November. In the event of a contest the poll will be taken on the 16th November- PUBLIC WOBKS.—In accordance with a notice in the Hobart Town Gazette tenders for the cartage of metal on tbe main road between Mr Barrett's and O'Brien's Bridge were opened by the Board for examining tenders at the Public Works Office at 10 a.m. yesterday. The tenderers were tbree in number—Mr McDermott, Mr Cousins, and Mr Mead. Yfe bear tbat the lowest tender was sent in by Mr Mead, but we are not in a position to name theprice, as up to the time of the office closing none of the tenders had been accepted. CAUTION TO JURORS.—At the Supreme Court yesterday morning a number of jurymen did not answer to their names when called out by the Clerk at ten o'clock. His Honour the Chief Justice siid although the Court would not require more jurymen than were then present still it was not fair on the part of those who did not attend to cast the work on those who were punctual and he would therefore fine everyone of them £l aach. As it happened there was only one jury of three required, one case having been withdrawn. Two of the jurymen entered the Court at a later hour and appealed to his Honour who said he would not press the fines on any who had been present during the proceedings but the gentlemen who remained away altogether would have to pay the p-nalty he had named SUPREME COURT.—A sitting of this Court was held yesterday morning in its Small Debts Jurisdiction, before Sir Francis Smith, Chief J ustice, when the following cases camejon for hearing.—Guesdon v. Holman, and Meredith v. WVbsiec ; the former was withdrawn, a portion of the claim having been paid and an arrangement having been made for the payment of the remainder ; in the other case a claim was made for £12 15s 6i the value of a box enentrusted to the defendant to be sent down to New Zealand, A verdict for the defendant was returned. The Court then rose. POLICE OFFICE.—We regret to have to notice that with the exception of one or two eases of no importance, the whole time of the magistrates was devoted to cases in which native youths of both sexes were concerned. The first case was that of two boys, who, although only 14 or 15 years old, were already classed by the detective as known and troublesome thieves, and they were disposed of by a sentence to the Cascade Reformatory. The other case was against a sweep, residing in Watchorn-street, for harbouring two girls from tbe Girls' Industrial School in Murraystreet, and as the case was fully proved by the evidence of the girls themselves, coupled wi'h the denial of the man that the girls had ever been to his house, which denial was made to a constable and the mother of one of the girls while the girls were actually on the premises, tbe magistrates dealt with it under the "Training Schools Act," and fined the offender £5, with the option of one month's imprisonment, PARIIAMENT.—'The Hobart Town Correspondent of the Cornwall Chronicle announces that—" Many old members have, however, announced their intention of dying out oolifcically with the present Parliament ; and it is very much to be feared that the constituencies, both "North and South, will not be gainers by the infusion of new blood, which their retirement will entail. ' Experience makes fools wise,' is a truism -which none more thoroughly realise than those who enter Piriament uoder the deiusire impresses that, in political life ' Anew broom sweep* cean.' At present Mr Pratt is the only member who has publicly declared his intention of not again seekin? a eeat in Parliament." THE CALIFOBNTAN- MAIL.—The Telegraph Office was opened at half-past 10 o'clock last uigtht but there was still no sign received of the arrival of the steamer with the Californian maiL In the event of the steamer arriving at Sydney to- day the red chequer flag Ao il on the signal list will be hoisted at the Hobart Town flagstaff so as to convey the information to the public as speedily as possible. , THE CAPE SCHANCK STATION.—Tbe Manager ot the Submarine Telegraph Company has at last consented to again supply to the Telegraph Stations at Hobart Town and Launceston for the information of the public a daily report of the state of the wind and weather at Cape Schanck. Persons connected with the shipping interests of this port will have an opportunity of inspecting the daily reports at the Telegraph Office where they -will for the future be posted up outside the door ; for the present we do not purpose inserting them in our ' S S — ^ again entertained a large and appreciative audience last evening at the Mechanics' Institute,-when he introduced several new and startling tricks, which were as mysterious and successful as ever. The more we see of this veiy wonderful gentleman the more we are compelled to express our astonishment. AU his tricks are cleverly and cleanly performed. Last evening the audience appeared, hiehlv to enjoy themselves, and expressed their wonder at the dexterity of Mr Chapman. Willie with the Second Sight mystery was again introduced in the second part, when Willie as usual saw more with his eves bandaged than many persons could with theirs open, and frequently informed the owners of articles presented more about them thanlthey knew themselves. Sir Chapman and Willie were heartily applauded at the conclusion of this never-to-be-forgotten mystery. Ihe oncluding portion of the entertainment consisted of the extraordinary delusion termed " A man sealed up in sackful ot ghosts." We have hefore attempted a description, and now only advise all who have not witessed the new wonder of Mr Chapman's to do so. TRINITY ASSOCIATION.—Toe members o£ the above association will give one more of their agreeable entertainments, by special'request, at the school-room, Trinity Hill, this evening, commencing at 7.30- BRISBANE-STREET LITERABYASSOCIATION—Ameeting of this Association will be held at the school room. Brisbane-street, at half past seven o'clock this evening when a paper will be read by the President on the war between France and Prussia; a discussion upon the subject will then take place. Visitors are invited to THE DERWENT-—This steamer sailed yesterday from Melbourne and will arrive at Launceston some time during the day. She will bring the New Zealand mail probably from both islands which has been so long expected here. LAUNCESTON CBIMWAL'SITTINGS—It will be seen by the telegraphic messages received by us from our Launceston correspondent last night that Alfred Harrington charged with the wilful murder of David Johnson, at Mangana, on the 11th of July last was placed on his trial at the Launceston Criminal Sittings before Trig Honor Mr Justice Dobson, and found guilty of manslaughter. The Attorney-General prosecuted and Mr H. J. D'Emden appeared for the defence, and the latter gentleman is stated to have made an able defence. Several other cases were disposed of ; the prisoners yet to be tried are William Bums, charged with committing a rape on Elizabeth Maguire, wife of Patrick Maguire, on the Deloraine Boad, near Torquay, on the 14th September. John Smith, endeavouring by a false pretence, at Waterhouse, to obtain, on the 3rd August, £5 from Mr Hugh Hardman and William Gibbs and John Smith, obtaining by a false pretence, on the 26th April, at Lyndhuist, £5 from Isaac Simtponds. THE MURDER AT LAONCESTON.—Thomas Hewson was on Wednesday last brought up at the Police Court, Launceston, charged before tht Stipendiary Magistrate with the wilful murder of Thomas Heginbotham at the Hospital on the night of the 1st of October. Several witnesses were examined who substantiated the accounts of the murder which have already appeared in the local journals. Sarah Butterworth, one of the witnesses, saw a man whom she identified as the prisoner running down the avenue from the Hospital about five minutes after she heard the cry of murder raised. Further evidence having been taken the prisoner was remanded for seven days for the production of important witnesses from the country. DEATH BY BURNING.—A very melancholy accident occurred at Westwood on Monday last, when a fine little boy about 4 years old,son of Mr Boag, a farmer, was frightfully burnt to death. It appears that Mr Boag had been burning off some rubbish on the farm and had just returned to dinner, when the child, in company with a brother, got playing with the burning ashes, by which his clothes became ignited ; the poor little fellow immediately ran screaming towards the house, but before reaching it nearly every particle of clothing on him was burnt. Medical assistance was at once sent for, but the little sufferer died before the doctor arrived. —Launceston Examiner, 20th inst. THE CASE OP WILLIAM BANNON—We (Cornwall ChronicleJ have received a letter from a respectable settler, under the signature '"Justitia" respecting the case of William Bannon, wbo was recently convicted by the magistrates at Torquay, for being the owner of a still and fined £200." I'he letter refiects in very strong terms upon the conduct of the police in the matter and broadly insinuates that the case was a trumped up one. The writer says:—A chain of circumstances bave come to light since the trial .which prove beyond doubt tbat Bannon bad no connexion with nor interest in the still" for being the owner of which he was fined £200. The real delinqnent is now well known and scarcely denies the " soft impeachment," but rather chuckles at bis own good luck in escaping " durance vile" while an innocent man is being victimised for the offence. The writer furtlier states that a petition to ihe Governor-in-Council is now in cjuree of sigc nature praying for Baonon's release on tbe grounds above stated. We cannot publish " Justitia's" letter in full, but we make this reference with a view to direct the attention of the Executive to the case; and to urge the necessity for a searching enquiry into the circumstances. We have had frequent complaints of the way in which police business is conducted iu some of the districts, and it is to the interest of all concerned that cases of this kind should be strictly investigated and dealt with on lheir merits. If the assertions of our correspondent are true, a heavy censure should fall upon tlie parties guilty of such a conspiracy as he describes. BURGLARY AT EVAS DALE.—The residence of Mr A. H. Bo.i d was burglariously entered on Thursday last 4 between one and two o'clock in the morning and a number of articles stolen. The burglars entered the drawing room window, which they prised open with a pick-axe. The police are on the alert, but up to tbe present time no clue has been obtained.— Cornwall Chronicle. DOMINION OF CANADA. —A despatch from Lord Granville to Sir John Young published in a Gazette Extraordinary at Ottawa on tbe 19:h J uly announces tbat on ihe 22nd of that month "Her Majesty was pleased to accept from ihe Hudson's Bay Company the surrender of the territory of Rupert's Land in pursuance of the Rupert's Land Act of 186S and by an order in Council to unite Rupert's Land and the North West Territory to the Dominion of Canada from the 15th July " The authority of tbe Ottawa Government and Legislature now extends from ihe Atlantic to the Rocky Mountains. The admission of British Columbia to the Confederation is now all that is needed to give it the Pacific for its Western limit and to spread the Dominion over a larger aeograpliical area than the States of the Great Republic itself. THB North German Government does not object to admit British medical mes as volunteers in their army provided tbat they speak German fluently, tbat ther have the licence to practise me>iicine and surgery in the United Kingdom, that they have the pirmission of their Government to serve as medical volunteers in Germany, and that they will place themselves unconditionally at the disposal of the North German Government.— Daily News. A Paris correspondent says it is stated that the late Confederate Generals Lee and Beauregard wish to take service in the French Army, but that Marshal Loebeuf in accordance with the rule he had laid down will not give them permuuoo. 