A COUNTY FAMILY. ( Concluded.) chapter xxxix. — which peaces our friends. Herbert Stanhope had not exaggerated the matter when he said that Mr. Waller blamed himself exceedingly for his late obstinacy in resisting' Denton's appoals, and was deeply touched by the fatal consequences arising from it. But in a day or two, and by tho time the "public inquiry was commenced, tho quick witted man had not only recovered his mental balance, but had persuaded himself that if ho had not absolutely acted for the best, ho had only committed an error in judgment after all. By the ti mo the inquest was concluded, Lucy, who remembered with a sharp but secret pang her father's statement with respect to tho depreciation of tho reservoir shares, was perhaps tho' only one not brought over to his own conviction, so earnest and plausible were his explanations. Had he not Mr. Flywheel's letter, upon which, laying his hand upon it in the solemnest manner, ho showed that the engineer, whoso reputation was European, had had no misgiving of the embankment's stability, and had ridiculed thoso entertained, only a few months before, upon apparently similar grounds, by Mr. Denton ? It was truo that tho latter gentleman had proved himself to be in the right, and thereby won a placo for himself in his profession, elevated indoed for one so young ; but was ho, Mr. Waller, to be blamed for taking his views from the mastor and not the pupil ? As to interested motives, of which, thank Heaven, he had, however, not hoard a whisper, it was evident that ho was. tho very last man to bo accused in that respect. The expenses of such an official inspection as Mr. Denton had de manded would have been trifling, though it was truo, as one of tho chief shareholders, ho (Mr. Waller) would have had a considerable portion of it ; but even as a matter of insurance to his property at Mosedalo, it would have been worth his while to disburse a few pounds, if he had really thought there was occasion for it ; whereas, what had actually happened to him, in consequence of his unfortunate though not wilful neglect to do so, was total and irremediable ruin. Yes, he stood before that court a ruined man : since, even if the result of that inquiry should not bo to compel the roservoir company to repay tho enormous pecuniary losses which had boon incurred by tho catastrophe, let only i tho price of the shares at present be compared with what it had beon a few days ago — but ho did not care to enter into that subject. What was liability or pecuniary loss, that it was to. be mentioned at such a time as that, when Rachel was weeping for her children, and would not be comforted because they wore not ! And what was ruin or' poverty to him, compared with the sting of that remorso which would never cease to torture him for having, however innocently — however much in accordance with tho highest sciontilie authority — neglected precautions by which this great calamity, which had not spared evon thoso who wero nearest and dearest to him and his, might have been averted ! So ingenious and eloquent, indeed, was tho ex- M.P.'s defence, that, next to the immediate sufferers by the catastrophe, there was no one who attracted so much public pity as the chairman of that Board which at first was looked upon as having been tho culpable cause of all that had happened. Even John Denton, to whoso sagacity Mr. Waller paid so many compliments at the expense of his own, felt half convinced, and bis evidence certainly bore less hardly upou the lattor than might have been expected. Indeed, so far as his pecuniary affairs were concerned (if one left out of the question the expectations ho had cherished respecting a rich son-in-law), Mr. Waller was upon the whole exceedingly bene fited by tho bursting of tho embankment, since, under shelter of it, he was able to liecomo bankrupt himself — which must have happened at all events sooner or later — in a most honourable and gratifying manner, as he always spoke of it (and honestly belioved it to be), though ho only paid threepence in the pound. There was 110 such excuse for Herbert Stan hope, who was greatly blamed in the countv for disposing first of tho great Firgrove, anil immediately afterwards of the whole Curlew Hall estate, which was purchased by a commer cial person of no familiar family, and, it was greatly feared, with an eye to dispose of it on building-leases. lie paid, however, a much larger price for it than had been expected ; so that, after the mortgages were discharged, there was sufficient to' pay all Stanhope's turf debts, and yet leave him a thousanifor two to begin the world afresh with. Advisers were not wanting as to the most judicious invest ment of his little property. Sporting Dawlish, who had been rather "hit " on the last Derby, pressed His friend very much to lay it out on'" " perfect certainty " for the ensuing Leger — no gammon about an animal that caift be beaten like your 1 iynelte, but a really foregone con clusion — a secret so valuable and momentous that it could not be, trusted to ink and paper. Never since lords became blacklegs had there been such an opportunity, upon his honour. But Herbert, with many thanks for that and for a past kindness, which, he said, and truly, he should never forget, declined this tempting offer. He had "a perfect certainty," he wrote, as far as a promise .could go, o( his own, which .was sufficient for him ; in point of fact he was engaged to be married to .Miss Lucy Waller. "Then Horby is distanced, and that follow Denton has taken up the running with the other filly," exclaimed Dawlish when he reached that part of the letter ; and we, who have such opportunities of observing for our selves, may easily imagine that the' sagacious young man was right. A second astute counsellor as to the disposal of the relics of Stanhope's property offered him self in the person of Mr. Wa (or, who had consented in the handsomest and most agreeable manner (though not till he had foumf opposi tion useless), to Stanhope's marriage with his daughter. These two or three thousand pounds of his, he assured him, could bo quad rupled in a year or two, by investing it in the. submarine, tunnel about to be constructed between Weymouth and St. Heliers, in which adventure he could, by favour, still procure for him a few shares. But Stanhope declined even this glittering bait. John Denton, 011 whose judgment lie had had such good cause to rely, and who never expressed himself upon any subject of which he had not obtained considerable mastery, had communicated to hiiu some facts received from a sure hand concerning a certain proper! v on the Murray, near Sandhurst, in Victoria", and he made up his mind to emigrate thither, and if possible purchase it. He knew something of stock-farming ; lie ivas strong and active, and impatient for work for its own sake, oven if heliad not the strongest incentive to it in lmcy, who herself nowise shrank from the prospect of a new life which, if somewhat hard and rough, should he at least neither hollow nor dishonest. She longed to leave Mosedalo with all its hitter associations, and where she could not persuade, herself that her father was re garded by his neighbours as he believed him self to he ; and the greater distance that was placed between them and it, even though it were half the world, the, better. But unfor tunately, the relics of Stanhope's fort me only just sufficed for the purchase of the stock and ; land in question and for passage-money, leaving j nothing for outfit, and the necessary expenses of setting up an establishment ill the hush. | " You should have an additional live hundred pounds," said Denton thoughtfully. "That at all events, makes my decision easy,'' answered Stanhope, with the ghost of his old careless laugh, " for it's plain I can't take the farm.'' " if you arc not too proud to borrow the money from me," said Denton simply, " I shall have a real pleasure in lending it to you." Stanhopo coloured to his very temples. "No, I could not think of that,-' said I10 de cisively. At this, Denton turned as red as lie. " I am sorry," said he stiffly. " I was in hopes that our relations with one another would liavo admitted of that at least, oven if I had I offered it as a favour, and not as I honestly meant it — as an oligiblo invosttnout." " There is no man's money which I would borrow — nay, if you come to that, accept as „a gift — so t-oadily, and with so little seuso of humiliation, us yours, sir," said Stanhope warmly. "Do not let us misunderstand each other again, my friend." " Oil, I see, ' exclaimed Denton ; " you do not givo mo credit for having so largo a private purse. You fancy I should bo obliged to apply elsewhere.'' " Yes, to some 0110 whom I respect and esteem above measure, but to whom I could not bo pecuniarily indebted." " Well, she would not liko to hear that, I know," said Denton softly. " But perhaps you are right. It is a delicacy, at all events, which doos you honour. But, as I was about to say, this money is my own, worked pretty hard 1 for, I flatter myself, and you will muehobligo | me by taking it. It is as good an investment j as can be found, in my opinion, anywhere ; so I take it, and 110 thanks." xknd this is the man ! whom T have been idiot enough to call " no j gentleman," thought Stanhope, as he shook 1 hands over that bargain. Wo may say here that Stanhopo and his : bride went out to Sandhurst accordingly, and I prospored fairly for some years. We trust | even tho fair sex will forgive Miss Lucy for j not immolating herself, after tho fashion of suttee, on the funeral pyre of a husband in posse. SI10 frankly informed Herbert that she could nover love him exactly as she had loved young Richard ; but be quietly acquiesced in that arrangement, acknowledging bluntly, Tartu tie that bo was, that ho had not merited such adoration. Ho had 110 doubt she had sufficient capabilities for affection loft for the deserts of a vagabond liko him ; which indeed proved to bo tho case. She had always liked him ; and when, after her lover's death had softened her, and made her sensitive to all such matters, she saw her once playmate and neigh bour about to commit a baseness in endeavour ing to win a baud that ho knew had been pro mised to another, slio took him soundly to task, received the confession of his enormous liabili ties, and began to pity him immonsoly. Facilis descensus amor is. They married, as wo liavo said ; and when they sailed across the world,. Mr. Waller ac companied them. Ho was not a man to bury his talents in the wildernoss — good wine needs no bush, ho was wont, rather egotistically, i to observe — but established himself iti ex cellent quarters at Melbourne, where I10 became a great social success ; entered the legislature, and is not without good grounds for believing that, on tho next chango of Ministry, bo may be entrusted with tho management of tho colonial finances. '"Ad vance Australia,', will then,' " I10 epigram- matically observes, "bo indeed its motto;" for ho has several speculations 011 band, which only need a little help from tho Government, to turn out Eldorados, and thoy shall have it. Of course we are much anticipating matters ; but after some years of that fair prosperity to which wo havo referred to as having been Stanhope's lot, tho information which Denton had received from a scientific friend respecting the probable value of tho Sandhurst property at length bore fruit. The very last gold dis covery, known as " the Spring Creek Rush," took placo upon Stanhope's own land, and lie sold that portion for what his father-in-law, with some exaggeration, considering that it was hundreds of acres of the usual thickness, describes as "its weight in gold." At all ovunts, Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope wore among tho arrivals from Melbourno in 0110 of tho Australian steamers this very year ; and it is "understood " by the chroniclers of such local pieces of information, " that, thanks to a lucky hut woll-dosorved stroko of Fortune's pick," the estate of Curlew Hall is soon about to pass hack into the hands of tho same family that havo held it for many centuries. In tho meantime, the " wealthy and respected pair" are staying at Blackburn Manor, the seat of John Denton, Esq., M.P. It is also announced by tho sumo authority, that the whole of the debts ot "our late talented fellow-townsman, Mr. Waller," have been discharged, notwith standing there being no legal necessity for such an act, in full. John Denton, although a wealthy man, by 110 moans owes his prosperity to the fact that ho has married an heiress. Ho is a magnate of the world of cogs and wheels, a prince in his own right of the powers of steam and iron ; idleness, albeit of course he has 110 need (in the vulgar sense) to toil, is impossible with him. But nobody grudges him eitlior money or intluonce, since ho uses both for good. Every man shows signs of promise,, no matter what his calling, yet lacks means, finds a friend, not a patron, in John Denton, llis landed neighbours, who looked 011 Him at first with considerable suspicion, and repeated to them selves their favourite shibboleth that" it takes three generations to inako a gentleman " — as if thirteen did not as often as not produce a scoundrel — have made up their minds that notwitstanding thoso infernal radical notions of his, there is nothing very dangerous about him alter all. But in their secret hearts they are afraid of him. Mrs. Denton herself', it is acknowledged 011 all hands, is one one of the sweetest of gentlewomen ; and notwithstand ing that early exporienco of hers — "she was quito poor, my dear, at one time ; indeed, abjectly poor ; worked at pillow-laco for a livelihood ; in fact it's too shocking to talk about" — with manners not inferior to those of the lord lieutenant's wife. "But then she comes of a good old stock, and her children at least, of whom she has several, may bo held to bo meinhors of a County Family." ,, chapter xl., and east. Though Stanhopo and Lucy had married and quitted England within six months, at least a year elapsed before John Donton was wedded to his Ellen. In Mrs. Bluckbnru thoy found no obstaclo to their engagement, now that her Willy had been snatched away from her : slio never had any roal objection to it,' except in so far as it seemed to militate against her son's prospects ; and indeed the young- engineer had, hut for that, been always a favourite with her. And lie desorvod to bo so ; though slio never knew how deeply she was indebted to him, she felt grateful for tho tender snlioitndo with which I10 endeavoured to soothe lior declining days, and perhaps oven for tho reticence which His courteous delicacy used with respect to those weary eighteen mouths of unjust exile lie had suffered partly at her hands ; but she never guessed that, for her sake, ho had hidden a secret in his own breast, and kept it to tho end, a secret a hint of which would liavo brought her grey hairs with moro than sorrow to tho gravo. At present, next to tlio loss ot her son's life, what grieved lior most was that his body was not recovered, or rather, tiiat it had formed one of that score of undistinguishahle victims of tho catastrophe whom not oven their own mothers could liavo known. She had not oven the sad consolation of feeling that her hoy lay in tho neighbouring vault with the rest of his long liuo of ancestors, and that one day, which was not far off) for she only sur vived old Anthony two years, she should bo laid beside him. Thanks to her grandson-in- law, slio was spared a far more terrible woo. Denton of course had been one of the chief witnesses at tho inquest, and among the dread ful incidents of which Lie had beau the spec tator was the identification, or tho attempt at identification, of the victims of tho flood. Now there was 0110 body — that of a female — which, although totally uninjured, remained unidenti fied to tho end. It was l-ecogr.isod by a widow in Mosedalo in humble circumstances, who let lodgings, as having been a tenant of hers for a few days, but slio neither know lier name nor whore she came from. The features wore strange to all who looked upon them — except one man. Denton alone knew that it was no other than Mrs. William Blackburn — poor Bess ; and instinct, stronger even than his sense of justice, hade him hold his peaco. There was much talk about this particular in cident, for tho case was very peculiar ; this body had not been hurried down tho river, liko the rest, hut was found in the reservoir itself, when tho waters haddrainod themselves away ; and, moreover, it was tho opinion of tho doctors that death had occurred some days before the general catastrophe. It was sup posed that tho unhappy woman, whoever she was, had gono up to that desolate moor, and tliero committed suicide. And in this idea Denton himself had at. first coincided. Itseem- ed to liiin, who knew her timid liatnro well, probably enough, that, being deserted by her husband — for it was now evident that his story of her having died at Formosa was false — slio had ventured to come into tho neighbourhood, perhaps with tho hope of evon yet winning him hack to her, perhaps only with the fond desire of looking at his newly acquired groat- iios.s afar off" ; and that then having heard, as she was certain to do, of his unprincipled courtship of Lucy Waller, wretchedness and despair had caused bet- to commit self-destruc tion. But afterwards it was his lot to hoar from Mrs. Blackburn's owu lips: — how littlo she knew with what horror tliey wero filling him! — a circumstance . which convinced him that her son had boon a guiltier wretch than oven lie had deemed him. She was talking, as she took thnt grim pleasure in doing which may he noticed iu all persons of her class, of tho terrible ovont.s which had deprived her of son and husband at a blow ; and Ellen striving to evade the subject, had used some eommonplaco about the terrihlo unexpectedness of the calamity, when Mrs. Blackburn said: "Ray, Ellen; it may have been unexpected ; but now that it lias happened, I may tell you both that it did not come without warning — I moan without another sort of warning than that which John gave us ; for I myself had a Message from the Dead." Then she told them how slio had seen the ghost of Bess iti Red moor Firgrove, and how, since she knew it boded ill to tho Black burn race, slio had rovealed it to lior Will-. "Then that accounts," said Ellon gravel-, "for poor undo William's strange behaviour in that very wood when wo wero moving to the cottage and she narrated — of courso omitting all mention of William's brutal conduct to herself — his wild hearing during that journey. "Ah," said Mrs. Blackburn, "doubtless that was the cause. I know for many a day after I had told him, my Willy used to go over tho moor, in hopes, may he, of seeing his poor Bess once again, oven though she was no' longer flesh and blood. Hoaven only knows whether he did or not ; though it is now clear to me that she camoon his account." Once again that day, when Denton was alone with her, the widow again reverted to this subject. "I didn't like to talk more, about it before EII011 this morning," said she, "because just now, you know, in her delicate condition, it night not he so well ' "Forgive, me my dear Mrs. Blackburn," interrupted the young man gravely ; " hut it is a subject that you should not talk of to anybody, and upon which, if you will take my advice, you will for the future he silent." "What! it's unlucky is it 1 Well I daresay it is ; and I am sure we have had misfortunes enough without our bringing them upou ourselves ; so I will never mention it again — only just tell me, John — you arc so wise about everything — do you think it possible that my poor dear Willy ever did see Bess on Rodnioor. Yes, madam," 1 replied Donton with averted face and involun- ! tary shudder — which Mrs. Blackburn ascribed to superstitious fear—" 1 think he did." 