(ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. (F- om the Letters of the Correspsndeni of the Fall Mall Gazette.) Rome. Jannarv 2. I The course of the Council eo far has been one to tbe surprise of all parties. Until now, it bas indeed been to tbe apparently distinct advantage of those who by common acceptance are termed the Opposition; but this advantage has been the result of procedure not contemplated beforehand, and of a turn in tbe deliberations for which the Bishops, as a body, were certainly not prepared. There is now disclosed a compact ecclesiastical opposition to the views pievsiling in the Court of Rome. One fact will bring home tbe extent of the disappointment that must be at the moment vexing the hearts oi tbe Jesuits. Every day proves more and more (if proof be still wanting to convince tome) that tbe Civilti Cattolica, in its statements about the Council, has been throughout tbe organ of direct Papal inspiration. The foreshadowings ef topicB on which thiB assembly would have to pronounce have been fully confirmed by tbe offioial propositions submitted to the bishops, Tbe Oiviltu, ' therefore, was in full possession of the Pope's mind on these matters when still secret for the rest of even the sacerdotal world. It must then also be credited witb having pivrn exnrAflsion to an onticination confident!? entertained in the same high quarter, when it predicted that by the end ef the year the Council would have proclaimed by acclamation tbe blessed dogma of the Holy Father's per sonal infallibility. Tbe year bas come to its end, and the Fathers, bo far as they have at all spoken, have done so only in a tone extremely derogatory to any such supposed infallibility. One of them even ventured to designate cer tain propositions submitted by the Pope for their appro bation se deserving only of oblivion, while the Austrian BiBhop Strosmieyer, at the last sitting, boldly impugned Ihe Pope's right to prescribe any such limitations no tlie action of the Fathers as are laid down by bim in bis ordinanoe. Tbe Biehop was immediately called to order by the Legate, and told that it was not competent for bim to question any point on which tbe Pope bad pro nounced himself. Fur a couple of minutes tbe rebuked Bishop sat silent, and then, rising again, continued in powerful language to criticise what he presumed it could not be incompotent for him to deal with, tbe substance of tbe propositions before tbo assembly. His speech is re ported to have been Bingularly trenchant, and the impres sion produced on tbe audience was general. The buret of hold speech, followed, as it was, by words uiure tempered, but also distinctly in the samu sense from iber BishopB, may be destined to bring things to a sudden i'ri«is, Tbe Pops has actually gone tbe length of formally inhibiting tbe Bishops from consultation Hnd concert. Some days ago, an order from tbe Vatican intimated to the BiehopB that it was not lawful in Rr.uie for tbem to assemble, as they have done, in some thing like national casinos. Thereupon Cardinal Rauscher, tbe Archbishop of Vienna, and author of tbe now notorious Concordat, took it upon himself to defy tbis act of unpre cedented arbitrariness, and to open bis own rooms for the use of the German prelates wbo found themselves shut out fi'ini ibe locality where tbey bad been in tbe habit of meet ing under Cardinal Schwarzenburg's presidency. But now tke l'ope has gone a step further. The Opposition Bishops bad formed a Kind of directing Board with nine members— three French, three German, and three English speaking BishopB, Tbey are all of them eminent rjen— indeed, their ' names represent tbe flower of the Epi'^oopate. By a most inexplicable stretch of authority, th ^ Pope has forbidden these nine Bishops from having 'jonfurence among thorn selves, Rome, January 5. 1 he Fathers of the Council assembled for the first time tbis year on tbe 3rd, when the Mass of the Holy Gbont was solfn-niscd by Montignor Barrio y Fernandez, Archbishop of Valencia. Tbe oldest of tbe Cardinal- Legates then pro noor.ced a funeral oration on the four Fathers wha have died since the opening of the Council, and who are the Cardinals de Reieach and Pentini, Moneignor Manastyr^ksi (Bishop of Przemysl), and Monsignor FraBoolla (Bishbp of Fpgia). At the close of the oration the Secretary General announced the nomination of Cardinal de Angelis lo the post of Legate of the Pope inthe Council, in the place of Cardinal de Rcisach, of Cardinal Bilioto the presidency of tbe commission of dogma, and of Cardinal Caterini to the 1 residency of the commission of ecclesiastical discipline. The secretary also proclaimed the names of tbe twenty four members of tbe commission on religious orders. The Council, after these formal proceedings, resumed the debate on rationalism. The tribune was occupied successively by four orators, who endeavoured to make themselves beard ; but the Official Journal, which has bitberto given an authorised list of the speakers, is silent ae to tbeir names. The increasing boldness of the Opposition beB ltd tbe Pope to forbid this approach to publicity, and the Council iB now to be shrouded in deeper mystery than ever. 1 have been able, however, to ascertain that the four speakers were Cardinal Trevieasato. Patriarch of Venice ; Motsignor Hassun, Armenian Patriarch of Cilicia ; Mon signor Manning, Archbishop of Westminster ; and Mon signor Gastaldi, Bishop of Saluzzo. The Archbishop of Westminster made an elaborate defence of tbe proposed decrees— schemata decretorum et canonum— which was severely criticised by the other three bishops. Testi rdsy the Council held, another meeting. The Mbbb of the Holy GhoBt was celebrated by the Archbishop of Westminster, and was to sooner concluded than the debate was sgain resumed. Of tbe eight bishops wbo carried on tbe discussion I am at present able to tell you the names of two only — namely, Monsignor Vcrot, Bishop ef Savannah, in America, and Monsignor Gaudolfi, BiBhop of Civita Vecchia. The Bishop of Savannah spoke warmly against tbe schemata. ' Before I became a bishop,' be said, ' I wsb a mariner ; before I learnt theology I was taught the exact sciences. As a man of the age and of progress, 1 protest against the doctrines ef the Jesuits, which are not those of the Church of Jesus Christ. Tbe Church should not, cannot, put scienoe on the Index.' These words will give yon an idea of the struggle opening and daily expanding in the Council, and to which the mal content bishops, particularly those of Germany and the United States, are at each meeting giving more and more vigour. Yet the partisans oi the dogma of infallibility are blind to these signs, and will take no warning. Notwith standing the statements which have appeared in different journals, you may be assured that tbe Vatican is deter mined to fight out the battle, and the dogma will soon be brought forward. Rome, January 7. Yesteiday the Council held its seoond public session, and, to meet the requirements of the occasion, the Hall was re stored to its original condition, tbe Pope's throne and altar being placed where they first stood and the biBhops' seats given their original range. The Pope entered the Hall witb the customary pomp and took his seat on the throne, when grand Moes wae celebrated, in the presence of the assembled Fathers, by Csrdinal Patrizi, sub-dean of the Sacred College. Mass was followed by the chanting of the Litanies, and by the Pontifical benediction, in prononncing of which the Holy Father made the sign of the cross six timee, and ooncluded by intoning the 'Veni \ Creator.' On resuming his seat on the throne, he waB approached by the two promoters of tbe Counoil, Messrs. Dominicis- Tosti and Rallt, oonsistorial advocates, who asked permission for the Fathers to make tbe profession of faith prescribed by the Apostolio Constitution of the ides of November, 1644, in the Pontificate of Pius IV. The Pope assented, and hrst recited the creed himself, when he pre sented the book to Monsignor Valenziani, Bishop of Fabisno. Tbe Bishop instantly proceeded to the tribune, and there read the creed in a loud voice. At the conclnsion the Fathers successively left their seats, and knelt down be fore the Pope, laying their right hand on the open Gospel, atd pronouncing these words : — 'Ego. N. N. spondo.voveo, et jurojuxta formulam prxlectam. Fie me Deus adjuvet et fcire Sancia Dei Evangelia.' Each bishop also stated his name and tbe name of bis dioceEe, finishing by kitsing tbe book. The cardinals approached the Pope one by one, the bishops in twes, till this was found to occupy too much time, when the bishops advanced in fours. Still the ceremony of taking the oath consumed more than three hours. The promoters then demanded that the transaction should be re orded in tbe Official Acts; snd the apostolic prothonoteries, turning towards Monsignor Pacca, the major domo, and Monsignor Ricci, the grand chamberlain, said aloud, ' Conficiemue vobis testibus.' The Pope terminated tho sitting by intoning the ' Te Dciirn and tbe Fathers, wbo had assembled at 9 o'clock in the morning, were released at half-past 2 in the afternoon. Tho Council will hold its next private silling to-morrow. Tbe fact of tbe public sitting having passed off without the promulgation of a single decree bas put the Opposition in high spirits. Ibe sitting was not attended by the Empress of Austria nor by the King of Naples ; and, ) utting aside the Prince of Hohenzollern, the royal tribune wos occupied exclusively by tho dethroned Italian princes ind theirconsorts. All the diplomatic corps was present atd fhe tribune appropriated to illustrious personages was full. The hall waa guarded by the Knights of Malta and the Noble guard. In the sitting of to-morrow the Fathers will elect tbe fourth and last commission, tbat of rebus rilus oritr, talis. In my last I was able to give the names of only two of the spetkers in the adjourned debate in tbo Council. The others, one more in number than I supposed, were— Mon- signor Victor Bernardou, Archbishop of Sens ; Monsignor Joseph Gignoux, Bishop of Beauvais ; Monsignor Charles Colet, Bisbop of Lu-;oa ; Monsignor Conrad Martin, I^isbopof Paderborn ; Monsignor Pierre Fern', Bishop of Caeale; Monsignor Augustin David, Bishop of Saint Erieuc; and Monsignor Jean-Bapiiste Greith, Bishop of Saint- Gal, in Switzerland. Nearly all these speakers attacked the schemata, and declared wholly against them. Tbe boldnesB of tbe opposition Bishops astonishes the Roman prelates, who, &b; the fierce words ring through the kali, hardly believe tbeir own ears. ' Bo you wish, my venerable brothers,' cried the Archbishop of Halifax, ' to know my opinion of the schemata ? W ell, then, I wish all these decrees io be buried in tbe depths of the earth, and never to be mentioned again.' Tbe magnificent oration of M onsignor Stros smeyer did not spare tbe Pope himself. 'We bishops are summoned to Rome,' he said, 'not to approve, but to decree. Hence it is necessary to invito the Iloly Father to be present at all our discussions ; for if we are nothing withsut the Pope, the Pope, in his turn, is nothing without us.' It was at this point that Cardinal Cspalti, the President- Legate (and not Cardinal di Luca, as stated by public rumour), called Monsignor Strossmeyer to order. Pome, January 5, The Fathers of fhe Council assembled this morning at . o'clock, to continue in a private oongregation the adjourned debate on the schemata decretorum. After the celebration of Mass. the President of the Cardinal-Legates announced thatthe Pcpe had appointed Cardinal Bizani I president of the deputation of regular orders. Tbe debate I wsb then resumed, but I have not yet learned the names of J the speakers, and at this moment can only tell you there was another adjournment, which carries the discusBien for ward till next Monday, approaching the middle of January. The Council has now sat a month without having pissed a single decree, or settled even one point of the multi tudinous questions to be brought under consideration, and there is no sign of a termination to the present debate. There are still many bishops to speak, and up to the sitting of to-day none of tbe orators have been limited to time ; but it is now proposed to make a standing Older on this point, as otherwise the debate may he protracted for montns. The subject was mentioned yesttrdeiy in the CommieBion on Dogma at its first meeting at the Vatican, under tbe presidency of Cardinal Bilio. A good deal of feeling was shows at tbe opposition evinced in the Council to the projects of decrees, particularly as regards the complaints of Monsignor Strossmeyer and Moneignor Genouilhac ; and several members expressed a willingness to consider the objections and alter tho form of the decrees. Other members remarked that the Opposi tion, while loud in protests, had not proposed an amend ment. To tbis it was replied tbat the oommittee should take advantage of this omission, and itself bring forward an amendment; but tbe question was left undecided. Tbe chiefs of the Opposition were instantly informed of the distribution of the memorandum on Infallibility, and before tbe day expired tbey sent round a memorandum opposing the dogma. But this document, though ably drawn up, is unsigned ; while that of tbe Inf aUiblists bears forty signatures, which gives it a great advantage, aud the circulation of the anonymous memorandum is regarded by tbe public as a false step. There is an absurd rumour here that the Opposition bas cast its eve on Monsignor Dupnnloup as the successor to Pius IX., in case of the Pope's death during tbe sitting of the Council. Monsignor Supanloup, in the first place, is ineligible for the Papal chair, not b- ing a Cardinal ; and, in the next, he has never sign of dying, being in Letter health than he nas enjoyed tor some years, though he haB lost his vivacity, and become veiy reserved, in wbich point, indeed, lie resembles Monsignor Dupnnloup, who now hardly opens his lips. Cardinal Mathieu ia on tbe eve of returning here. He went to France, as I informed you at the time, on the business of bis diooese, and, though very discontented, did not abandon bis duties in the Council, Several Austrian and Hungarian bishops have asked the Pope for a similar leave of absence ; and sb the Holy Father believes their presence in tbe Reicbsraili will be serviceable to tho Church, their request bas been granted, Rome, January 10. Tbe measures adopted to surround the Council with greater secrecy are taking effect ; and up to tbis moment not a word has transpired respecting the sitting of the 8tb, except tbat four bishops took part in the debate, and that one of these orators wae Moneignor Secbamps, the Ultra montane Archbishop oi Mnlines. In tho Biffing ot this morning noless than nine bishops notified their intention to speak, but two of the number withdrew their t,ames, pro bably because tbe other speakers anticipated w^Bt tbey had to eay. The debate on rationalism wae thus brought to a cIoeo, the various objections to the decrees, 'as well as the arguments in their favour, being referred to, the Commis sion on Faith, which io to consider the w'^ole Bubj»ot and make a report to the assembly. The sitting of this morn lag conoluded with anothet distribution of papers referring to projects bearing on discipline. A r, the Fathers will re quire at least five[or f ix day b to exarrjne theso documents, tba Council cannot ;eoet again before Saturday, the 16tb. Meanwhile, thq Opposition may be considered as having I triumphed in the lata debate. Tbe Commission on Dogma, yielding to tbe suggestions mnde by some of its members, as stated in my letter of yesterday, is taking into serious | rnnsiderstion the various protests, particularly those of Cardinal Rauscher nnd Monsignor Tizlani, and ie giving the schemata an entirely new form. Whether thiB will bB cite to satisfy tbe Opposition, or whether there will be a lenewelof the discussion, is vet to be seen; but tbe composition of the commission does not inspire confidence. Cardinal Bilio, tbe president, keeps up the Jesuit itfltienoe, and has given the p09t of secretary to the JiBuit Father Frnnzelin, priest of tbe Imperial palace of Vienna, Still, the concessions to tbe Oppoeilion have greatly discouraged the Infalliblists. The chiefs of the party now believe they can only BUOcecd by acting promptly, while delay must tell iu favour of moderation, and consequently of tbe Opposition. Tbis has led the ultras to start a petition to the Supreme Commission de postulato, energetically demanding the pro mulgation of the dogma of infallibility. Tbe petition, which wbb circulated secretly and with great rapidity, has received the signatures of 460 bishops— in fact, of the whole retrograde party, so lhat we now know the exact strength of the majority. On the other hand, 300 Fathers ore ranged in the Opposition, a body too powerful to be stamped out. But the Jesuits hope to effcet this result, and every day tbey present the Pope with addresses, which members of tbeir order transmit from all parts of the world, praying tbeHoly Father, in the most fervent, tevms, to insist on tbe promu Igation of Pontifical infallibility. Many of these addresses come from France. I hear that the speeches delivered in the Council on the ichtthata dtcretot MH are being printed from the reporter's notes, and that the sheets will soon be distributed to the Fathers. The Archbishop of Paris has at last madea sign, by offering bis saloons to the French Opposition for its private conferences. Tbo English and Irish bishops have been preaching to English flocks at St. Andrea delte Valle where the course includes sermons by the Rev. iBaac T. Hecker ; Dr. Moriarty, Bishop of Kerry ; Dr. M'Gill, Bishop of Richmond ; l-r. Ullatborne, Bishop of Birming ham ; and Dr. Manning, Archbishop of Westminster. Rome, January 12. Tbe seven Fathers of the Council who continued tbe debate in the sitting of the 10th were — MonBignor Haynald, Archbishop of Colocza, in Hungary ; Monsignor Papp Szilaggy, Bishop of Gran- VaradiB, in the same country; Monsignor Ebediesu Cbajat, Clnldean Bishop of Amadia ! Monsignor Meignan, BiBhop of Chalons; Monsignor Spilatros, Bishop of Tricarico ; Monsignor Micaleff, Bishop of Cotfa di Castello ; Moneignor Salzano, Bishop of Tanes in pot lilus. The next convocation is convoked for Friday, tbe I4tb, when tbe secretary will proclaim the tweni) -four members of the Deputation on Oriental Kite* and Missions, In anticipation of this event the missionary biehops, whose proceeding^ and system will be under in vestigation, are holding meetingB in the ealoons of Cardinal Barnabo, prefect of the Propaganda, and drawing up new schemes of organisation. Tbe termination of the debate on the schemata decretorum in favour of the Opposition, without even an attempt at a division, has produced a salutary effect on the Deputation for Dogma ; and at tbe meeting of yesterday Cardinal Bilio delivered a very conciliatory address, recommending the commission t» apply itself zealously to putting the pro jects of decrees in a form that would obtain the unanimous assent of tbe Council. But the retrograde party show no sign of giving way on the question of infallibility. Up to this momiug they have been unable to make a single addi tion to the 460 signatures attached te the petition to the Supreme Commission ; bnt the Spanish episcopate, besides joining in thiB movement, have got up a petition of their own, preying for the dogmatic definition cf the dogma, and tbey have signed this memorial en ttuisse. I may men tion here tbat the Opposition protest against the regula tions of fhe Council, prescribed in the brief ' MultipHces Inter,' has received little attention at the Vatican, owing to its having been signed by only twenty-five bishops. The number of signatures is a very important element in these appeals. Tbe Council will hold a third public sitting either on the dai of tbe Chair of St. Peter, or towards Candlemas, when the Pope hopes to promulgate the decrees on Rationalism in tbe modified form they are now to take. The French and American bishops have presented to the Supreme Commission a memorial for tbe abolition of the legulations for maintaining secrecy in the Council, which thiy declare to be opposed to the spirit of the Gospel and the' teaching of JeBUB Christ. This appeal, however, like that against the brief 'Multiplices Inter,' is expected to receive no other answer than a smart reproof. The autho rities are very austere to small movements, and the Pope ;ields nothing. I hear tbat the Holy Father has thought li.utb of Cardinal Antonelli's declaration that tbe dogma of infallibility cannot be separated from tbe question of the tcc poral power, and he has determined to try both issues. The question of the temporal power is to be brought forward in tbe course of the discussion on tbe separation of Church end State. 1 should hesitate to report this design if my information were not derived from a source which has never misled me. There is, 1 believe, no inten tion of actually erecting tho principle of the temporal power info a dogma, bnt it will be placed in such a position as to carry dogmatic au horily. Otherwise, it is argued, the suc cessor of an infallible 'Pepe may renounce a sovereignty vbuJi is tbe basis of tbe Holy See. You have, no doubt, beard the canard about a newspaper ccrreepondent stealing into the Council-hall in the vest ments of en Oriental bishop, for tbe purpose of taking notes of the debates. It is a pity to spoil such a good Btory, but the only foundation for it is that a Neapolitan priest,' of no good ooour, was found concealed in the saloon dei para wilh tbe cross of one of tbe bishops in his possession He was taken into custody, and is now in the dungeons of the Inquisition. Rome, January 13. 1 be question of infallibility continues to be the all enprossir.g topichere. Tbe petition in favourof the dogma, which was drawn up by Monsignor Martin, Bishop of Paderborn, makes no advance on tbe 450 signatures ; yet the leticgiade party are boasting that only twenty-five bishops now oppose tbe proclamation of the dogma. A day or two ago a bishop personally urged the Pope to forbid the discussion of tbe subject; when the Holy Father asked bim whether be spoke for himself or in the name of other bishops. ' I speak only for myEelf,' replied the prolate, ' And can you wish,' answered the Pope warmly, 'tfcat I should impose tho opinion of two dozen of tbe bithops on the remaining 700 r' Tbe Ho'y Father listened more calmly to tbe Bisbop of ^rlcsts, wbo, in a Ion? interview, recently expressed his opinions to bim on this and other questions in agitation. Tbe Pope, however, was very euarded in his replies, and trol- ebiy will be little influenced by the Bithop's counsels. I believe the principle of the temporal power is to be asserted in a canon, which will also recommend that the foreign occupation shall be perpetual: and there are whispers of violent measures in preparation against Italy, Mich bb a solemn excommunication by name of .Victor Emmanuel and his Ministers, and even an interdict of the jtiplian kir.gdgm. AVhcitlier the Pope can be driven to such leng ths is doubtful, but his advisers are beliovers iu the dark eges ; and hitherto he seems to -have placed himself entirely in their bands. The schemata decretorum of ecclesiastical discipline, which the Council is to discuss to-morrow, embraces only two propositions. The first relates ta tbe provincial councils of bishops, to diocesan synods, and to vicars general ; and the second to vacant episcopal sees, to capitu lar vicars, end to chapters. Tbe principal Italian bishops are urging tbe Pope to re duce the number of religions fetes. The Holy Father ie not opposed to this revision of the calendar, which is urgently desired by the Italian Government ; but he re quires that a certain number of the biehops shall address bim a formal memorial on the subject. The Holy Father visited the Bisbop of Foggia just before his death, and re mained with bim for some time, talking of the Church in Italy. The cost of maintaining so many bishops is pressing heavily on the Pope, atd fur her contributions must come in or his exchequer will be exhausted. Yet at this moment General Kanzler is adding another troop to the Holy Father's regiment of dragoons, and clamouring for the in dispensable funds. Tbe Council of Ministers refuses to sanction the outlay— not, however, on the ground of economy, but because General Kanzler made bis applica tion to tbe Minister of Finances instead of to the Council itself, departmental etiquette is as sensitive at the Vatican as at Whitehall, and almost as obstructive. But General Kanzler intends to get over the difficulty by appealing to the Pope diiect. Rome, January 14. This morning at 9 o'clock the Council assembled at St. Peter's ; and after tho celebration of the Mass of the Holy GhoBt by the Archbishop of Florence, proceeded to elect the deputation for Oriental Rites and Apostolic Missions. Tbe President Cardinal Legate then delivered an address to tbe Fathers, adverting to the publicity which had beon given to some of the transactions in the Council, admonish ing them of the secrecy demanded by these solemn consulta tions of the Church, and exhorting them to be careful for the future of any indiscretion in this respect, Iiia Eminence also spoke of the importance of time, and recommended the Fathers to be bb brief as possible in their remarks, not seeking to make speeches of display, but confining themselves to the delivery of opinions calculated to promote peace and order in the Church. At the conclusion of this address the Council entered on the discussion of the two projects of decrees relating to discipline, which are likely to be severely critised, To-dav speeches were delivered by five biehops. Among those whs have inscribed their names to speak are Monsignor Darboy, Archb'Shop of PariE, and Monsignor Dupanloup, I am informed that the Archbishop of Paris has prepared a brilliant oration on tho project relating to bisbopB, condemning it in the strongest terms. Ho has been heard to say that the project treats at great length of tbe duties of the bishops, but ie altogether silent respecting tbeir privileges and lights. The_ Vatican now asserts that tbe phalanx arrayed on tbe side of authority haB daunted 'tho Opposition, eo tbat its members no longer dare to express their opinions openly, but have left tho movement to a commission, com posed of the boldest and most violent of their number. It wub thiB commietion, they tell us, that drew up and signed tbe memorandum against infallibility. From tbe same quarter we leam that the Pope received the memorandum witb derision, and wrote upon it the word 'Negative,' But I believe this statement to be aB false as the first. The ? petition in favour of infallibility, however, has certainly ' gained ground, the signatures hiving increased to 500, wbich was originally stated to be tho number of the majority. , But the additional fifty is no doubt com posed of the waverers, who waited to eoe how the balance would turn. The reactionists declare, indeed, that the petition bears 600 signatures ; but, though all tbe powers of tho Vatican have been brought into play in its favour, only 600 bishops had i signed up to this morning. The Bishop of Orleans is said I to be sauefied with the assurances of the Pope on the sub- I ject. The Holy Father said be had convoked the Connoil | li om s belief that such a step was required by the stats of '$ tbe Chuicb, und tbat be wished every bishop to express his opinions freely, and vote according to bin conscience. After dismissing Monsignor Dupanloup, the Holy Father received BLulber bishop, who is a member of bis household ; und this prelate, on coming out, waB aBked if tbe P„pe bad spoken about Moneignor Dupanloup. ' He spoke of bim plainly enough,' answered tbe prelate, who belongs to the reactionary party : ' he called him Judas.' Tbis story was reported both to the Pope and Moneignor Dupanloup, j and greatly incensed the Holy Father, who dcolared the prelate had told a lie ; and an officer was sent to tell him bs must go and ask pardon of Moneignor Dupanloup before be appeared again at the Vatican. Rome, January 20. At tbe sitting of the Council this morning, after the celebration of the Mbsb of the Holy Ghost b., tbe Aroh bishop of Milan, the secretary announced the names of ths Fathers elected to the Deputation on Oriental Rites and Missions. Tho commission is composed largely of Eastern pielates, but includes Dr. Grant, Bisbop of Southwark, and Dr. Lynch, Bishop of Toronto. Ae soon as ths names we re proclaimed, the two first projects on discipline were again brought under diecuEsion, and Jed to an animated de bate. The principal speaker was Monsignor Melchers, Archbishop of Cologne, who, in a long and eloquent speech, attacked every part of the proposi tions. The Archbishop added force to the ar guments need by Cardinals Schwartzenberg and Maihieu, and the primate of Hungary, in the sitting of tbe 14tb, while bis language waB characterised by great moderation. The speech produced a deep impression on the Fathers, particularly when be reminded them how con stantly the Holy See bad encroached on the privileges ot the biehops, who were now by these decrees to be deprived | of the right of nominating their vicars-general. Five { other bishops took part in the debate, and pronounced { against the decrees. It is probable that great opposition ! will be excited also by the new projects of deorees whioh 1 relate — 1, to the lives of the clergy; and 2, to the Little : Catechism. Tbe design of the last proposition is to pre- ? scribe one catechism for the whole Catholio Church. There is now a doubt whether the Council can hold its third public seBsion on February 2, as intended. Ths Commission on Dogma finds it impossible to modify tha schemata on Rationalism so as to satiBfy the malcontent bishops, unless it ignores altogether the labours of the pre parative committee ; and if this iB not done the presentation of the report must lead to a renewal of the debate. The sole object of the proposed Bitting of February 2 is to pro mulgate the decrees, and these must first be brought again before the Council, and receive its sanction. Some time ago the retregradists gave out that they would be supported by Monsignor Hefele, Bishop of Rottenburg, who was to receive the Pope's hospitality at the Quiribal. The Opposition, however, speak confidently of the steadiness of Monsignor Hefele, ana, as he has just arrived in Rome, we shall soon hear his opinions from his own lips. Veiy strict orders have been given at the telegraph effioa to transmit no despatches from the Gallican party or tha Opposition. At St. Peter's the Swiss guards keep tbe public at a greater distance than ever from the Council hall, so that now it is not only impossible to hear tba voices of the speakers, but difficult even to catch the sound, of the President-Legate's bell. Ab tbe retrogradiBts persist in asserting that the petition in favour of infallibility has received 600 signatures, I have been at pains to learn trom a high souroe at the Vatican , the exact position of the question, and I believe the facts may be relied upon ; but the deductions must be regarded as the partial conclusions of one who supports the dogma. The Supreme Commission has received three postulata in favonr of the definition of the dogma. The first postu latt,m, avoiding the term infallible, uses tbe words, 'euprema ideoque aberrore immunis auctoritas Supremi Pontificis,' This petition is signed by 400 bishops. The second postulatum is from the Neapolitan bishops, and is s-.uch mere pronounced. The words used are, ' Romanus Pontifes in omnibUB rebus fidei et morum infallibilis.' The third postulatum is from the Spanish bishops, who go far beyond the others, and adopt the dogma as it was held by grand inquisitors in the age of Philip II. The three petitions give a total of 500 signatures. None of the petitions has been signed by a member of the sacred College. The other abstainers are all tbe members of the Commission dePostulatu and of tbe Deputation on Cogma, all the bishops and archbishops resident at Rome, and all the bishops and archbishops who, though favourable to the proclamation of the dogma, wish tbe question to be fairly discussed in the Council without pressure. According to this view, the dissentients do not exceed fifty, and the proclamation of the dogma may be considered as certain. But, I repeat, my report comes from a partisan, though one who is well informed, and who states only what he believes. Nor can it be denied that many have joined the Infalliblists from a belief that the Pope is committed to tbe dogma, and that its rejection by tbe Council, after the subject lias been so much agitated, would deal ft heavy blow at his authority. Rome, January 21. The speakers at fhe meeting of the Council the day before yesterday were— Monsignor Spaccapietra, Arch bishop bf Smjrna; Monsignor Darboy, Archbishop of Paris ; Mcncigner Melcbers, Archbishop of Cologne ; Monsignor Gaudolfi, Bishop of Civita Vecchia; Monsignor PafiHtore, Bishop of San Marco; and MonBignor Chaibonneaux, Bishop of Tasso in partibm. Both. Monsignor Melchers and MonBignor Darboy delivered brilliant orations, and were listened to with marked aifention. Monsignor Darboy attacked the two decrees 1 relating to bishops in tbeir whole bearing, and de nounced them as subversive of episcopal rights, and a new step inthe policy of encroachment. Monsignor Melchers followed tbe same line of argument^ but spoke with even more energy, taking the decrees point by point, and un masking, in a bold and relentless manner, the designs of tbe Court of Rome, or, rather, of its present advisers, tbe Jesuits. This morning, after the celebration of tha Mass of tbe Holy Ghost, according lo the Maronita rite, I by the Archbishop of Cyprus, the debate was renewed, ana ! five more bishops delivered their opinions on the decrees. One of these orators was the Bisbop of Orleans, who to duy made his first Epeech in Ihe Council, and, on hia appearance in the tribune, riveted all eyes. Monsignor Dupanloup did not disappoint the general expectation. He speaks Latin as fluently as French, and his fine clear voice nwde it almost as coniprehenBible. The speech was a vigorous defence of the rights of bishops, and as energetic a denunciation of the decrees, which he placed in the same light ae Monsignor Melchers. I may remark here that, on tho great queEtion of the day in Rome the Bishop of Orleans has found en unexpected adversary, no other than en English Protestant, Mr. David Urquhart. This gentle man, whose name you have heard before, has stepped forward aB the champion of infallibility, and an amusing coirespondence has passed between him and Monsignor Dupanloup. Precautions continue to be taken to surround the Council with greater secrecy, although the retrogradists deny that any of the proceedings have transpired. But the exhorta tion addressed to the Fathers by Cardinal de Angelis, in tbe congregation of the 14th, not only admitted the truth of some of the reports, bjxt implied that the information must have emanated from members of the Council. The biehops have just received a second exhortation to secrecy, in the shape of a monitum frem the Secretary-General. This monitum is said to be a copy of the one addressed to tha Fathers of the Counoil of Trent by Monsignor Massarelli, tbe secretary-general of that assembly, so that there would seem to have been correspondents, if not reporters, even in those days. The Council has new a very efficient staff of reporters of its own, and Cardfnal Mathieu was so satisfied with their report of his speech in the oongregation of the — - 14th that, on reading the proof, he remarked, ' The steno graphers of tbe French Senate could not have done better.' At this morning's sitting of the Counoil some farther pro jects of decrees were distributed to the Fathers. The Deputation for Dogma haB at last oome to a decision ae to the form it will give to tbo revised schemata on Rationalism, and hopes are entertained ef satisfying tba Opposition and avoiding a second debate. 