In the report of the Army Medical department for 1866, there is a paper by Dr. Wright, detailing his experiments on air obtained iromNetley hospital, and which was found to centiin a great variety of foreign substances. A volume of air equal to twenty-six cubic feet was drawn . through on aspirator, and the matters suspended in it haying been condensed were examined by means of a one- eighth object gloss. The amorphous mass was found, to. consist of cotton fibres, starch granules, .crysumine BUDSuraceB eucu as sanu ana uusr, vegetable tissues of various sorts, pollen, detritus of epithelium, indefinite filaments, and moving bodies or zoospores. : All these were detected in. twenty-six cubic feet of air taken from a sleeping-room occupied by eleven men, each of whom had in the room 828 oubic ieot or air tpaw, »uo -ui- using renewea tout times every hour. The carbonic acid ratio was '393 per 100 volumes in the open air, and '643 per 100 in tho air of tho room. These facts show how abso lutely necessary complete and thorough ventilation is to health, in dwelling-houses, as well as in barracks and hospitals. What a precious mass of organic and other filth the residents iu the back slums of Sydney must draw into their lunrs evervdav in the vear. PnbTO&BAFfl; op a Ghost.— The city of St. Lawrenoa, Massachusetts, has been thrown into a state of great excitement, aud not without just cause. It seems from the account given in the New York Herald that an elderly, lady 'lately died in a house on Broadway, in that place. On the day after the funeral, a. lady who happened to be visititg one of tho tenants of the same house accidentally happened to turn her eyes upwards, and distinctly anw the figure of the deceased lady at the attic window. In great consternation she com municated the circumstance to tho other occupants of the building, and in a short time tba entire neighbour hood were made acquainted with the interesting fact and with their own eyes witnessed the phenomenon. Various means were triad to -expunge the photograph of the -ghost from the glass, but all in vain; and at last, owing to the crowds that assembled, it was. found necessary to remove the sash. Dr. Win. D. Lamb, Ian eminent physician, subsequently, obtained permission to remove the sash to bis office in Essex-stroct, where it lias been examined by ' intelligent and scientific men,' some of whom are of opinion that the departed must have been photographed upnu the window-pane by -the action of lightning when sitting in the room before her death. It is a most uncomfortable story, and it is to be hoped that the intelligent and scientin'o men. will not lejive.the windbw-sasb. alone until they liatM* thnrnntjhlir Elf h£*A t.ha mVAtnrv Unhappy MjlBBIAgbs. — Accident renders many marriages unhappy, carelessness others ; natural bod disposition, others. Some rush into matrimony in the hopes of revenging themselves on another, who has slighted their love. ' Some for the mere excitement and desire of change, without any love at alL Some fall blindly off ..the precipice. Some leap desperately. Many arc drawn off by the 'delusive laps of irresistible passion. 