TOWNS AND VILLAGES OF NEW SOUTH ?i< ?. WALES, TRUNKEY« APTER a tow days1 fine weather, I ventured on a_ trip | to the above'place, but, taking the advice of a friend, I booked a seat in Phillip's well-known Bathurst coKoh, driven by anteady, careful, and well-known "ví*iíip" a tall and strong son of Windsor-and the team, as fine as any in the colony. It was well that I did not ven- ture in toy buggy, or I should have come to grief at many points, for there are lone; swamps, as well as short ones, and a Murdering Swamp, not inaptly named, for valuable timo is murdered by travelling at ; a ' snarl's pace oYC? such wretched roads. If ?i' £500 were properly laid out on the most boggy places, including the approaches to a creek, with 'some atones to bottom tho crossing, 'thia roiul would be 'passable, until it was known whether the diggings were likely to become permanent or not ; but in any case tho Toads should he kept in decent order, if only to enable the farmers and their families to get near their best market-Bathurst, If some of the so-called legislators could but see teams being dug out -of bogs, the cattle or horses whipped, beaten with sticks, and kicked by men who don't wear slippers ; harness broken, onains snapped-and then listen to the atmosphere being polluted with the degraded and disgustingly obscene language directed to man's best friend,-"The brave, the gallant, noblo horse" methinkn, thoughtless or senseless ns a large portion .of our M.L.A's are, that the first step in civilization good roads-would be more attended to, and less expenditure of the public funds in useless printing and .otherwise. . . I am not going to infringe upon tho province of your Mining Reporter, whose approaching visit to this place .is looked for by many interested .therein ; his geological ? an'd scientific knowledge renders'his roports too valu- able forme to interfeie with. I, therefore, may bo . excused noticing the almost- bubblo companies started .chiefly to .put money into the pockets of directors . and mnnagers, some of whom could not tell the differ- ence between gold and copper, or white quartz and Êyrites ! In short, one of these scientific (?) men has ad some twenty-five or moro tonB of slate crushed at 12s Od a ton, when there was not a speck of gold tobo found in it. Wonderful management ; fine prúspectsíor shareholders ! Your Milling lleporter will bo able to tell your readers of the wonderful sagacity possessed by tho management or " board" of one company in placing'tbeir expensive crushing muchinery on a »pot where it is quite useless, instead of a placo where tho stone (iffouiid to be good) could hare beon rolled down to the machine ; and of another company, whose manager lost moro gold than ho collected, although ho had some of the very best machinery that P. N. Russell or any other firm ever made. He may tell you that directors and others whose only iuterest is in selling the shares given them (by the deed of incorporation) for tho use . of their very doubtful (commercial) names, are not tho men who should bo entrusted with tho funds of tho general public, and that such men are not of tho class who have raised Ballarat to its important position. Trunkey is situated on the Goulburn-road, about forty miles from Bathurst and eighty miles from Goulburn, passing many i anus, some of them evidently belonging to men who know a plough from a bouse, but not much more. Tho neglected homestead, or more properly speaking, huts, with straw, corn, and liny lying about everywhere, children as dirty as their grunting com- panions (the pigs) ; the whole forming such a picture of dirt and misery, that there can bo no wonder these Îieople do not improvo their position. The land is rich br many miles, and belongs to some of the few wealthy residents in and about Bathurst. Tho first seventeen miles of the road wonts but little doing to it-a few boggy places repaired-and commands some very pretty scenery ; then a steep and wretchedly rugged nscent up Pine ltidgo, a steep that might be avoided by a good road round it opens a view of plains and mountuins for many miles. Tho prettily-situated town (or city) of Bathurst and suburbs, with its buildings, river, and plains, cbinfortable-lobking "seats" of the wealthy formers, and fattening paddocks-the whole forming a picture of the beautiful that man has aided Dame Nature to inako. Somo three miles moro and you arrive at your first stage, much to the joy of tho team of four well-fed horses, and, if the biaciug air hos done you good, als 3 to your own pleasure ; and as far as my experience goes a four hours' run over plains and moun- tains is pretty sure to make an appotito too koon to inquire who is to join you at the table, tho only requi- site being clean and wholesome food, nnd such the traveller is sure of at the respectable but homely inn kept by AV. Boulton. The trip, so far, was occasionally enlivened by one of tho team "kicking over tho traces,' as is usual with some female "leaders." Our dinner being finished and properly washed down with somo of Tennant's well know ole, a fresh team is " put-to," one of tho four being prone to bolt ! Away wo go over eighteen miles of bog and ruts, which would defy the wholo team-if they were all trotters-to go far at a stretoh ; many narrow escapes occur ; but thanks to tho driver, we go along merrily. But if the reader intends travelling this road by coach, if his nerves are strong, like mine, lot him tako tho box ; if otherwise, go inside, and thus avoid Beeing tho team Blipping first on the near and thon on tho oiï side into ruts and bogs enough to break thoir logs; tho coach going over wide chasms, in and out of deep bogs, strid- ing ruts, round stumps and trees, sinking heavily into the bed of a river, and with difficulty pulling up tho sloping and soft mudbank, tho horses' legB and the wheels of tho coach barely to be seen ! These are tho roads, yo Sydnoy mon of commerce, over which your representatives and your goods havo to travoh They aro tracks, not roads; disgraceful alike to the Govern- ment, to tho so-called legislators, and to the civih'zcd community forming tho people of this colony. In running over tho last stage, wo pass the station of the woU known T. Jones, the hospitable owner of Mount Lambie, nearKydal.' The "precious metal" is to be found in several parts of this run. On further is a fltono building, now a, post office, formerly a public school, but us no house is to be seen along the road for several miles, tho place seemB a queer spot for cither a school or post office. The latter is useful for tho farmers and others skirting the mountains on either »ide of tho road. Still further on is another post office, kept by an industrious shoemaker, having ono other resident-a farmer-for his neighbour. I believe the wholo of tho district from Boulton's Inn to this post office is named Caloola. A few miles further brings you to "One-eye," a station belonging to a well known wealthy resident of Bathurst ; it is a miserable-looking place, although the agricultural ground appears to bo most fertile. Tho Trunkey gold-fields commence here, and tho Victorian Company havo pitched tboirengino and formed a large dam near this spot ; and why thoy did so, when at a small cost they could have had Chard's dam, already made, and at tho foot of a fine range, then, if not now, expected to bo payable, besides being nbovo ono milo and a half nearer to tho best part of tho diggings and in the township, I must leave your Mining Ueportor to answer. When I lost visited Trünke y all was expectation. Arthur's Town was just laid out, and, Arthur, Chard, and Company (the prospectors) were about building a store and hotel. Bark huts and other buildings were rising and being projected ;but, owing to tho ex-member for Singleton's Gold-fields Leasing Bill, the operations of tho miuers then on tho field were stopped, and principally through the two speculative companies and some Government officers, who were taking advantage of their position to tho injury of tho working miner. And here 1 must acknowledge tho promptness of the present Government, and especially tho Treasurer, in causing an inquiry i"to the matter alluded to in my former letter, by which ono " official " had to return to his duties, for which he was nnd is well paid, instead of speculating for a " rise " on a gold-field ; and another thought it most advisable to transfer to California, a task ho accomplished, it is said, by tho aid of a specu- lator in Trunkoy shares. He left, niiii IIB his reputation, after having robbed tho miners or tho Government of all tho cash ho took for " registration " and otherwise, from February 'till June of last yeal-. Tho new regu- lations, by which officials aro not allowed to hold Crown or auriferious land without tho consent of Government, will put a stop to such gambling by Government officials, to tho benefit of tho mining community gcnontlly. New Arthur's :Town contains Chard-street, Arthur-street, and Queen-street, besides ; many others not yet named-the principal ono having some decent erections as stores nnd hotels. Of tho latter, tho " Itoynl" is, for a gold- field, a really comfortable and wcll-arraugcd hotel, galvanized iron forming the exterior ; tho attendance being good, tho tabla well spread, aud tho viands of the best description, reflect- ing great credit upon tho proprietors. Several other hotels aro studded about, some of slab,' other weather- board aud iron ; but the number is fast diminishing, for .wont of the abundance of gold that was prognosti- cated this tiiuq last year. : but of which your Mining Itoporter may yot indicate hopes of realization, when' ibo fields aro better developed by practical, instead of " drawing-room" directors and miners. Ono publican has offered his slab house to a com- mittee of gentlemen, who aro raising funds towards building a church ; but it is thought by some that tho ghost of King Alcohol would still hover nround tho building, and distract the attention of tho listeners from the most " crushing " sermon ever preached by a gold-fields' minister. There oro now about £'60 collected, and if some really pious friends in Sydney would deeply dig into their pockets and assist such an object, this gold-field would more frequently echo the glorious teachings of Him whoso lifo and death was ono g .-and and continuous lesson to do His and our "Father's will." I was astonished to miss tho ever welcome pioneer from Trunkey-fhn Wcsloynn minister and schoolmaster, How is this ? . . There ard about sixteen public-houses open at pre- sent; but I cari assure, tho "total abstainers" it will not require two-thirds of tho minors to decide about " closing" many of them, unless some better prospects ! soon appear ; and this remark applies equally to some of tho stores, two or throe of'which are woll stocked'. Tho New South' Wales Banfe lias a branch hero under an able, painstaking, well-connected, although t young officer; ii jentlemtrn, I venture to assert, who ku the respect of every mau ou the diggingi, aa he I possessed that ot the people of Grafton, when there oeoupying a position one step lower. The temporary i offices of. the bank form' one end of Chard's Royal Hotel, and an obliging postmaster occupies the other. Three medical gentlemen practico their profession i here, but although these bleak mountains produce many colds, I am informed the services of two of them are not often in requisition, and tho third only attends upon special or extraordinary occasions, being on the field for mining purposes rather than the practise, of medicino or surgery ; a second one being the well known namesake of the champion of " Emancipation " in Ireland, the great Dan ! Many Italians are at work on the field, and if they were not doing well they would soon shift. One coloured man has been very fortunate on his alluvial claim, and I am glad to say he knows how to take care of his cash. Many Chinamen are also there, and to the Celestials do the diggers owe the fine and regular ?supply of vegetables. A few "characters" are to be found at every diggings, and amongst such at Trunkey is one who has tito reputation of being the "second' in a duel between his friend tho Duke do Montpensier, who has obtained more recent notoriety in tho same art of refinement, as seen by the last mail. Another, belonging to a lower strata of society-an Englishman -who, being very industrious and quiet when sober, has the peculiar and noisy forte when drinking of talking about tho beautiful Abbey and Cathedral of York Minster, which he has seen on tho top and at the bottom ; mixing it up with "two devils" ho met and killed, and the rather questionable honourable history of himself "when he had his iron leggings on in Tas- mania," I think the police should be instructed to lock him up when under the influence of liquor, and thus stop a frightful maniac from making a noise through the town, besides the unfortunate exposure of the poor fellow's antecedents-and this especially applies to his raving on the Sabbath. There is on tins field the originator of the tube-well boring process-a Mr. Bennett, now manager of tho Sydney Company's crushing machinery. _ I am informed this gentleman was the first one who, in Kew Zealand, obtained water by artesian well-sinking, and the comparativo ease with which he obtained water in abundance at most places, by means of steel and iron pipes of small bore, opon at the bottom, induced Mr. Norton (after Bennett had left those provinces) to patent his tube-woll system, the only difference being that tho latter are perforated points with a pump. Mr. Bennett says " ho is certain water can be obtained in many parts of every run in the colony by the. artesian system, and at comparatively small cost," and although of lato rather too much water haB been showered upon some parts of the colony, his informa- tion and talents might be made available in other inland districts where the valuablo liquid is not to bo had in such quantities. On the morning of the rob- bery at the works (the 8th instant), it would not have been good for either the health or personal appearance of tho robbers, bad Mr. Bennett como across them, so enraged was he. It is estimated that there are about 500 miners on this field, studded about the ridges and mountains, and extending over possibly fifteen miles.-tho principal street having stores and hotels on the sloping side of a mountain, and facing a high range supposed to contain a large quantity of the precious and much-sought-for : gold. One of thc medical gentlomen hos selected n delightful spot, and has erected a prettily-formed iron house, with a flower and kitchen garden around, at" the angle of two mountains and near tho creek. "With the exception of this, trunkey, like many other diggings, does not present tho beautiful as a picture, but to my mind there is something noble, if not charming, while glancing over a gold-field, and viewing the independent sons of toil-the honest, hnrd-handed and intelligent diggers, witb hero and there a wife and family to shara with them the discomforts of a tent or bark hut, braving the many dangers of a digger's life in traversing tho bowels of tho earth, enduring tho bail, snow, rain or wind, and sometimes thc floods, risking the various diseases and complaints incidental thereto, and when a " new rush" is announced to so easily pack up their "furniture," and with their Btock-in- trado away they trudge for many miles-aye at times, hundreds of miles-to collect this much wanted gold. Monarch's can boast, but none can hold. Buch powerful sway os thu spirit of gold 1 And yet how few obtain more than a living at it ? and yet fower still retain much of what they earn so laboriously. These hardworking and manly fellows deserve better treatment than they have had since the passing of the Gold- fields Leasing Bill-nnd I invite every digger to remember who was tho author of that measure, and to remember it at th proper time, i.e., whenever there is nn election ; and many hindrances to the proper development of our gold-fields will dis- appear, and an important branch of tho wealth-pro- ducing industry of the colony will again take its proper place. Amongst the other absurdities of the so-called " Doctor's" measure is, that of not allowing a digger to " jump a claim" while there is an amount (in value) of machinery registered against such claim, although such «claim or claims remain dormant, as in the two com- panies claims now idle, at Trunkey. At the isms time, mark ye, gentle reader, that a claim may be "jumped" if it belongs to a working man, even should all his machinery, his shovel, pick, &c;, bconthe claim, if be is not there during certain hours of the day. Of course, this is not ono law for the rich and another for the poor. Oh, no ! such things could not occur in demo- cratic New South "Wales. It could only take place in my beloved ,but much abused and aristocratic Eng- land. However, I invite the diggers on every gold- field in ¿the colony to form committees, to hold meetings for the purpose of discussing thc effects of the present lawsand regulations affecting their interests and through them, the welfaro of tho colony, and then to properly lay their' objections by their repre- sentatives before tho proper Ministor, and I am sure such will receive tho consideration of the present Government-or, should he be in power, the present President of the Council of Education ; but I db not know any other member of the Government of whom Mr. Parkes was a member who would caro ene atom more for the important inercsts of the digger than does the crotchotty and ridiculous author of the Leasing Bill himself. _PERAMBULATOB. 