A NIGHT WITH A MADMAN. (mow CHAMBEUB'S JOUBSA.II.) IT WAS just euch a night iis a sailor loves— a night ofeomparative peace, a soft breeze, an edRy fees, and'the land an indefinite number of miles oh the weather-bow. Our vessel wan as tidy a craft aa any in the royal navy, •and that is no small bhast either. Her name * • "was'ihe May Bee,and may be she wasn't a «auey one; when we fought, we always won; and j think, ton, had we. ran away, we should have won the race also; at miyr. Tate, in "the chaBB, the slaver never had the L ghost of a chance that we drew a bee-line upon. Our cruising ground was the Indian • Ocean, its-length and breadth, from the ' "cold waviBS of the fur south, to Aden in the r sunny north. "Well, on the present occaeion, F we were rather short of hands, and of ' heads too, if officers may be regarded as aucb; for three of our boats were away oc * particular service; and, as our engineer was " on the pick list, the fires were out, sail set, ' and an unusual quiet reigned throughout e the ship. It was past eleven o'clock, and '" our' c'ffemander. had turned in. I could hear Knn snoring through the bulk-head, fnr his cabin was abaft our little ward- room, although in no way connected therewith. •My cabin was the only one of those off the ward-room at present occupied, the only other officer on board—saving the engineer —being the assistant paymaster, whose cabin f > was outside in the steerage. In the further '."end of' the steerage led the companion-lad- ' der, so that, in our passage to and from the " wardroom to the deck, we had to cross it. I was standing in my little box-like sanctum K preparing to go to bed, when the noise of •"^approaching footsteps in the steerage attracted my attention. Imagining that some •one was s'ck, I toaslily threw on tny coat, " and emerged again into the wardroom, just as Mr. Travers, our assistant-paymaster, V entered by the otlher door. He neld right " in front of him, so as to be hidden from any- " ; one behind, a drawn cutlass, which, from "signs and motions he made, I understood he meant me to take charge of and conceal. 1 * ^quickly did so behind my cabin curtain, and had scarcely accomplished the task, when ' Mr. Wheeler, the engineer, 6tood in the doorway; and the assistant-pay master, after 'pretending to borrow a candle, bade me sgood night and retired. Now, as I said before, Mr. Wheeler was •on the sick list, arid had been so for weeks. His disease was one of the worst forms of alcoholic mania; in other words, a bad case of delirium tremens. From one attack he ! had only n-cent.ly recovered, being snatched from the very jaws of death. HiN delusions "had been many ; but principally he had the idea that a conspiracy was afoot on board, having for its object the harrasBing of him, Mr. Wheeler, in every way, and the final ' abduction of his body, the binding of the 1 Rame,liands and feet, and the delivering of it to the deep, to afford food to the sharks. He used to sit for hours in his little messroom, armed with a knife, yet trembling like a new r born fawn at the slightest noise. Every one, saving myself, he deemed a foe. The drops of water leaking in through the ' scupper holes were water dashed upon him ' by the maliciousness of the boys; the cur- ' tain waving gently to and fro with the ship's ' motion, was stirred by the hand of a hidden ' assassin. The captain himself, he had averred, was preparing the hammock in which ^ iis living body was to be sewed before he * was thrown overboard. Then rows of pale beings had arranged themselves on the opposite side of his room, pointirg and gibbering at liim, and spouting blood on him ; the port opened and slimy serpents glided in 5 .and hid themselves in the apartment or : -about his dress; his legs would suddenly be clasped as in a vice, and looking down, behold an alligator, with a Btrange face, crouched beneath the table, embracing him in its horrid arms, blowing its fetid breath in his face, and using fearful threats of death and judgment! Repeated blows with the knife at length dispelled this demon ; and then myriads of horrible insects came trooping up over the table, and covered the bulklieads all around; and " See!" he had cried to me, " didn't I see them on deck, springing up Hue jets of water, and flowing away nn streams, those white thick worms!" and now they were on him, gnawing his flesh, •eating his vitals. " Corruption! corruption! — moribund! moribund!" he shouted, and fell down in one of the worst Borfc of fits I tad ever had the pain to witness. From this fit he had glided imperceptibly into a state of lethargy, from . which, after many weary days and nights of watching, I had seen him awake, with pale face and glittering eye, just as he now stood in the ward room before me. " What!" said I—" not in bed yet, old. fellow?" "Hush!" he whispered; and by the very look and gesture, I 8aw plainly that the madness was upon him again. " Hush!" and as he spoke he pointed to the steerage: " they are there, and—ugh I its all so dark and dreary—dark and dreary. I could not lie in my berth forward—they would kill me; and Travers stole my cutlass that I might not defend myself." " Come," said I, " my good fellow never mind them. I'll protect you. and fight for you, if need be, to the last. Come forward with me, and turn into your cot." " Nay, nay," be whispered impetuously, at the same time holding me back ; " not now —not now, doctor ; wait till the blessed sun rises.' In the dark, I could riot wrestle with them, and it will be so very long till morning. Will it burn ?" he added, pointing . to the lamp in my cabin. I nodded assurance; and then he pleaded with such eloquence to be allowed to remain near the light, and to sleep before my cabin door, that I at last consented, and spreading a mat and pillow for him, bade him lie down. He did so, and before morning I had every Tea8on to repent of my kindness. He then ^requested me to place beside him a loaded •revolver., or at least a bayonet or cutlass, .» which, having no ambition for a madman to mount guard over me, I peremptorily refused. An hour slipped away, during which C'f« "time he lay quite peacefully on the mat, sometimes closing his eyes, but only to immediately reopen them, and gaze furtively and fearfully away out into the darkness of the steerage, as if momentarily expecting the attack of an unseen foe. All .was hy this time quiet, both fore and i»ft, in the ship, for it must have been long ipait midnight. Tbetramp, :trump of the quarter-master overhead had stopped; even the cockroaches, after a pupper of corks, biscuit, port-wine, and blacking, had gone to roost,< and the commander had ceased to snor*, from which I argued he had fallen into his second and deepest sleep. So there wasn't a sound to be heard, except the creaking of the rudder hinges, or the splash ofthe wavelets as as they rippled past my cabin—a sound that had so often wooed me to sweetest, dreamless slumber, and seemed oven now inviting me to rest. Thinking it my duty to remain on watch, however, I had not turned in, but sat on a chair beside my little cot, writing letters home. Presently, " Doctor," said my patient. " I thought yon had been asleep," I answered. " What can I do for you ?" " Give me a prayer-book, there's, a good fellow," he said, " and I won't disturb you again.'.' " I would, Wheeler, if I had ore, replied I, " but you know I've the misfortune to have been born Scotch and Presbyterian; but here is a Bibleand I handed him the book of books. He took it, and thanked me, and I went on with my writing. I was not so much preoccupied, however, as not to^ perceive that he thrice openei the book, read very attentively, and between each time he prayed—silently, indeed, but so earnestly that the drops of prespiration stood in beads on his pale brow. This brow of his, too, was a very noble one; indeed, he was, when well, not only a manly, good-hearted fellow, but a wise and well-educated gentleman. Thinking that his present frame of mind augured nothing but good, and there could "not possibly be any danger to himself or me—moreover, feeling tired, I closed my portfolio, and without undressing, threw myself on my bed, with the intention of snatching a few hours' repose, if not sleep. I should here mention that I bad, only the the day previous, purchased- from the ship's stoves a large clasp-knife, such as Bailors usually carry. Ibis knife I had left lying on my little table among the books and other articles. I could not have been long in bed till I fell asleep, the last thing I remember buing groans proceeding from the mat in front of my door. I am a very light sleeper, and used to have continual rows with my servant for shaking me in the morning, telling him that all he had to do in order to waken me was to enter my cabin, and wink once or twice. How long I slept I cannot say ; I believe it must have been fully an hour; but when I did at last open my eyes, I never felt more wide-awake in all my lift-. I had not, as far as I knew, been dreaming, yet I awoke with a strange and indescribable sensation of impending danger. It was as though a cold, cold shadow had fallen upon or passed over my brain and senses. By the side of my pillow stood Mr. "Wheeler, and my eyes opened direct'y on his. I shall never forget the expression on his fa'-e; it was not so much that it was dark and terrible—it was the furtive listening expression on it that seemed so strange, almost like a cat about to seize on its prey. In his hand, half-raised, he held my own clasp-knife— open! Our eyes met, and fur two seconds, nit more, I looked at him, and yet in those two seconds the devil in him was conquered. I have often had reason to be thankful that my' wits did not desert me in time of danger, and this time my presence of mind saved me from an ugly death. Had 1 ventured to spring up with the intention of saving myself, he was a strong man, and undoubtedly would Boon have overpowered me. But instead of this, I merely said, in as cool and peevish a voice as I could command : " Pshaw! Wheeler, man, don't waken a fellow. Tou'll get the volume in the little book-case. Good night; I've to rise early," and I closed my eyes, not, however, before I had obssrved the deadly weapon quickly concealed behind bis back, and the foolish simpering smile of the dipsomaniac succeed the stern 'determined glance of the would be assassin. " He! he!" lau«hed the madman; "I thought—he! he! Oh, here is the book.—Good night; sound sleep." " Yes," thought I, " my boy, and a nice sound sleep you were preparing for me." A feeling of anger at that moment took possession of me, and I felt I almost hated my unfortunate patient. I had now very little inclination for sleep; and after remaining quiet for a few moments, I began to simulate restlessness; then rubbing my eyes, I sat up, yawned, and said : "Hang it, old Wheeler, couldn't you have got the book yourself, without rousing me ? I can't sleep again now ; however, I may as well finish those letters." With these remarks, I swuug myself to the deck, and reseated myself to write. For some time I looked every where, but in vain, for the large clasp-knife with which I was to have been made so intimately acquainted. At last I perceived a little bit of its polished blade peeping out from beneath the mat on which Mr. Wheeler had once more thrown himself. " So then," thought I, "I am a prisoner, and my gaoler a madman. There was little chance of any one coming to my sid. My only hope was, that one of the men might be.taken ill —apoplexy, colic, or cholera-morbus, I did not mind what, provided I Bhould be sent for. I was very much in the position of the doctor in the old caricature, praying Ileaven to send a pestilence among the people, " that thy servant may not die of want." I knew, too, that if I roused his anger or suspicion, by calling for assistance or trying to escape, I should be but as a child in his hands, and he would assuredlj kill me. " If," I thought, " I could only gain possession of that awful knife;'' which I now firmly believed I had been fated to buy for my own execution. How soon, too, might he not, with the sudden impulse common to such caReB, spring up, ana attack me' It was quite evident now that his Bible-reading and earnest prayers had been meant only as preparation.for death. There was thus "a method in his madness." All the strategy I could summon was now directed to the gaining possession of the knife. First, I asked him to accompany me to the steerage, where the dispensary was for some medicine I told him I wanted. He simply sneered, as much as to say, " Do you think me BO excessively green?" "You would be all the better of an opiate, anyhow," I said. For a moment he seemed to approve of the plan. " Will you let me help myself to the morphia, then ? he asked; adding, to prevent my suspicions, " you giveBO large a dose, you know." " Certainly," I said, my hopes rising rapidly; "you shall help yourbelf." He seemed to consider a moment, then concluded he would not budge; and my hepes fell again to zero, all the more quickly that for a few minutes after this he was very restless, and his hand frequently disappeared below the mat, where I knew he was fumbling with the knife. At length, a happy thought crossed me, and acting thereon I got up laid by my papers, and pretended to begin to undress. " Oh, botheration, said I, winding up my watch; " it has stopped at one o'clock: just give a peep there, Wheeler, and see what time it is " Now, in order to do this, he had to get up and Btand on a locker, close by, as the clock was fastened to a beam overhead, and on a level with the upper deck. The bait took. With one frightened look at the darkened wardroom around him, he mounted, and, as quickly as I could, 1 bent down and clutched the knife. Not a moment too soon, however, for he was down from his perch in a twinkling, and at me like a catamouutain. With a fearful imprecation, he sprang upon and seized me by the two arms; he then dashed me backwards into my cabin, and down against the chest of drawers. -All the nervous excitability of madness aided his powerful arms, and I felt as in a vice. " Tuts !" cried I, forcing a laugh, thous»li a deadly terror was at my hgart—" tuts! old Wheels ; you hurt me, maii; and I want the whittle just half a minute." And I looked him straight in the face as I spoke. And once again the devilish look left his eyes, the ferocity died away, and his face resumed the old idiotic gria. Then he laughingly released me, saying, as he retired to his mat, " You were too much for old Wheels, that time. Scottie." " And what," asked I boldly, "did you want with the knife?" " Doctor," he replied seriously " I must retire." •'Retire! What do you mean ?" I inquired. " Long hath the night of sorrow reigned," said the poor man ; " the dawn shall bring me rest; and poor Wheeler will die, or the captain will kill him, roll him up in a hammock, and send him down, down, among slimy, crawling things and terrible reptiles ; and they're all in the plot, and all hate me—all—all!" Just then four bells rang out sharp and clearly in the night air; and for a short time I almost hoped some one might enter the wardroom, and relieve me from my trying situation. Some footsteps on the quarterdeck I did hear—it was but the relief ofthe man at the wheel; they soon ceased, and all was silent aB before. A short time afterwards, the lamp in my cabin began to burn more dimly, and give other indications of an early exit. I hardly knew whether to be pleased or othemi«e at this; a strusgle with my maniac patient I felt sure I must have, and darkness I knew would hasten that event, and bring on the denouement. " Wheeler," I said, " do you intend to sleep to-night ?'" " Ay," said he solemnly, and starting at mv voice like an old lady at a pistol shot, "I will sleep; and you too shall sleep." Tiiiswas certainly not very soothing to my nerves. Well," I continued, " the light is going out, so you must go to tlio dispensary and fetch a candle." " What ?" cried he in a fierce whisper, " out- into the dark steerage, to be torn limb from 1'inb, and my body scattered about the ship by denls. No, no, no." The lamp began to flicker. " See," said I, directing his attention to it, "it is waning away fast, and you know well enough how glad they will be to catch you in the dark." "Where do>?s the light go to when it goes out ?" he asked as if at himself. " You'll soon know," replied I. He started, looked at the lamp, then in my face, and then fearfully around him at the gathering gloom. Do not let it out," he cried. " For God's sake, doctor, deep it in. Come with me quick, and get a candle." I was only too glad to obey. We had not pocee le 1 three steps from my cabin door, when I attempted t.i get in advance in order to make a rush for the companion ladder. It was a most untimely move. No sooner did he espy my intentions, than all the madman was stirred within him. " Ha!" he exclaimed, " wretch ! would you leave me to face my fate alone?" Then seizing me by the breast, he hurled me backwards, and next moment a crashing blow felled me to the deck. He had caught up a doudle-lint tumbler that stood on the table, and—not thrown it at—but smashed it on my brow. Although blinded and almost choked with blood, still, from this verv bleeding, perhaps, I was not rendered insensible ; indeed,I was fully conscious. Knowing now for certain that he intended to make an end of me, and most likely afterwards of himself, instead of trying to get up, I did as I had seen the cockroaches do— feigned death, and lay all of a heap just as I had fallen. My grateful patient paused for a moment, and looked down at his work; then stooping towards me, he passed both hands over my face,BO as to bathe them in blood, and then held them up to the light. " Good," he muttered. " Bed blood—not blue; but I'll tnak siccar, and then, doctor, I'll foiloW you." He then stepped over me, with a light laugh, and re-entered my cabin — for the knife, I knew. Now was my chance, if ever. His back was scarcely turned, when I bounded to my feet, and made for the steerage. It was a short but exciting race for life. Two seconds took me to the steerage-door, two more to the foot ofthe companion-ladder. I sprang up, but had succeeded in placing only a few steps behind me, when I slipped, and fell to the bottom, while at the same time I heard an oath, and the cutlass flew paBt, and stuck in the bulk-bead, not a yard above me. The madman, seeing I was escaping, bad thrown it; and the fall had saved me. I drew out the cutlass, and hurried on deck. Seeing that the maniac bad now given Up the pursuit, I paused for a minute to take breath, and bind a handkerchief around uiy head. It was a very lovely night; not a cloud in all the dark sky, in which the stars —so differently arranged from those in the far north—were shining mote brightly, I think, than I ever yet had seen them. But I had little inclination to gaze long at the gorgeous scene'; my thoughts were ail •on-the fearful danger I had just escaped ;' and, whether from excitement or IOSB of blood, I could not tell, but I felt as if about to faint. After leaning against the bulwark for a short time, the cool nigbt air revived me, and I made baste to go to the captain's cabin, to make my report, and get assistance. This report was never made, for just as I was about to descend, a dark figure glided stealthily-past, loomed for one moment on the bulwark between me and the starlight, then disappeared, and the plash alongside told* me that thfe ^rahappy engineer had thrown himself into the sea. - "Man overboard!" I shouted, and the cry was reechoed fore and aft, from every part of the vessel. I rushed past the man at tbe wheel to where, in the stern of the ship, two little brass knobs, like door bell handles, told the position of the life-buoy. One was pulled, j and a gleam of light sprang up; then the ' other, and the beacon dropped sullenly into the sea. The captain was almost immediately on deck, and the ship was being quickly put about. " Man the quarter boats, ana lower away with a will. It is earnest, my lads," he added ; " it is poor Wheeler;" for the men were used to be sent away after the life buoy on many a dark night, as a species of drill. " A bottle of rum to each boat, with an additional one to the boat that picks up the officer." They hardly needed such encouragement, for the boats were manned and lowered as if by magic and were soon ewifily leaving the ship, heard, though hardly seen, and dashing on towards tbe blazing beacon, that floated nearly a quartsr of a mile off. The buoy seemed to be playing a little game of bo-peep with us, at one moment flickering and shining gaily on the summit of a wave, and the next dipping down and hiding from sight behind it. Ten long minutes passed away, and then the light on the life-buoy disappeared—it had burned out, or been put out —and we continuad to gaze at the place whore tbe boats bad last been seen. A quarter of an hour, then five minutes, and now we could hear the measured thud-thud of the returning oars. As soon as they were within hail, " Boat ahoy!" shouted our commander, Jand down the wind came the answer, " Ay, ay, sir. All's well." It was curious to mark the revolution of feeling in the minds of the men on deck, now that they were assured of the engineer's safety. Before this, it was, " Poor fellow!" " God help him !" " He was a jolly nice gentleman" Mind when he gnve us tbe grog, Bill ?" " That I do, Jack ;" &c.; Now it was, " Confound the fellow!" " He's a fool!" He's mad !" " Serves him right;" " It'll teach him manners&c.; Poor Wheeler was now handed on board, more dead than alive, properly brought round, then placed in his hammock, with a couple of sentries to watch him. " Where did you find him ?" I asked ofthe coxswain. " Astride of the life-buoy, sir, grinning like a baboon." He never properly recovered till sent to the hospital. He told me afterwards that the reason he tried to kill me was, that, being about to take his own life, and considering me his only friend, he wished to have my company through the dark valley of death. As for myself, my head soon healed, although to my grave I shall carry the scar —the effects of spending a night with a madman. 