THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. "Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas, Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." —JUVENAL. I am very thankful that I am not a clergyman of the Church of England. I confess that, for my part, my sym- pathies are with Mr. Hayward, who would appear to be an honest, com- scientious clergyman, who does not hold the same views as the bishop. But there are numbers of worthy men at present discharging their priestly offices with credit and honour who go even beyond Mr. Hay- ward in "ritualistic tendency," and yet their bishops do not dismiss them. But it may be urged that their bishop may have "ritualistic tendencies" also ; and as one bishop is, to my mind, about as likely to be right as another, it is quite possible that the Rev. Hayward has not committed such a terrible sin after all. It would indeed be a dreadful thing if, when the Right Reverend Perry leaves us, we get a Bight Reverend Somebody-else, who will go about undoing all the work that his prede- cessor has done, and pulling down remorse- lessly all those altars that Perry has erected. The gentlemen who are now orthodox would become at once objects of epis- copal vengeance, and some good, hard- working parson, who had got his mind into a proper condition of agreement with Low Chnrch principles, would suddenly wake and find himself infamous. If a man's position is to depend upon his conformity to the rules of conduct laid down by his bishop, a clergyman will be but little better off than Dr. Blimber's young gentlemen, and even they had holidays once a year. It might enter into the Episcopalian head to forbid curates to smoke, or to drink sherry and sodawater, or to wear stand-up collars, or to sit up after 10 o'clock ; and if a curate did any of these wicked things he would he instantly "inhibited." Imagine a catechism for deacons after this fashion :– Do you smoke cigars ? Do you use hair oil ? What is your opinion on the vital question of "gloves" in the pulpit ? Do you keep toy-terriers ? and do you think Miss Haidee Heller is a witch ? There is a well-known case of an English bishop writing to reprimand a poor parson in his diocese for the wearing of check trousers, and getting for reply the text, "The Lord delighteth not in any man's legs!" I suppose that salvation, after all, is not a matter of tailoring, and that the millinery of Christians has little to do with Christianity. It may please some men to embroider their phylac- teries, and make broad the hems of their garments, but I don't suppose that they get nearer Heaven—even by the altitude of a chopine. After all, the matter may be briefly put in this way. Mr. Hayward, being tolerably ripe, wants to be a priest, and the bishop is the only person who can make him a priest ; but Mr. Hayward doesn't please the bishop, so the bishop won't make him a priest. Stat pro ratione voluntas. It is a very pretty dilemma, indeed, and as I said before—thank Heaven, I am not a clergyman. It is but a step from the pulpit to the stage, and on leaving Bishop's-court one drops in quite naturally at the theatre. I hear a funny account of the final crash at the Theatre Royal, Ballarat. Herr Bandmann having re- tired, the theatre falls to the ground like a house of cards. The catastrophe took place on the night of Miss Rose Evans's benefit—unluckily for her, poor lady— though the performances proceeded after some "arrangements" behind the curtain. The next day, however, the Assyrian came down like a wolf on the fold, and scattered the management all over Israel. I have often longed to possess that golden secret by which some actors make money. It seems to me that a theatre and a newspaper are like a railway carriage on an incline—if you give it a good shove it will go on rolling by its own weight. Actors, printers, and writers may all strike work, but the play or the paper will come out of its own unaided genius, will—to use a favourite expression of our "smart" writers—evolve itself out of its internal consciousness. Sometimes, however, there is a hitch, and the machine comes to grief. I remember a story—I think by G. A. Sala—of a dramatic author who agonised to have his play produced. and after many years of waiting, worry, and starvation, was pro- mised his "chance'' at the Garden. After much snipping and cutting, much hacking and hewing, the piece was ready for produc- tion, and the eventful night arrived. Big with hope and trembling with anxiety, poor scribbler swallows his dinner, and hurries to the play-house. All the way through the gleaming streets he thinks of his coming fame and his coming bread. He turns the angle. A red glow is in the sky. The theatre is on fire ! But such a fate rarely befalls theatres, and the "hitch" happens usually through the lock of the cash-box catching in something ! I have a lively recollection of a " strike " at a certain theatre on the night of the produc- tion of a certain play, and how the manager and his friend "financed" with a five-pound note and I.O.U.'s written at the wing on scraps of paper ; and how even then one gentleman "stuck up" in his dressingroom, in a prematurely painted condition, and re- fused to be comforted save by current coin. Yet matters were " arranged" somehow, and the curtain rose on the play—which, by the way, wasn't successful. Petty dabblings in finance like these, however, are nothing. I knew a manager who paid a whole com- pany with a ten-pound note, and then got it himself. You may have heard the story before, but if not it is worth hear- ing. It was at Birmingham, and after a pro- tracted " wait" for salaries the indignant company refused to play any more. Manager B——, who was a very artful dodger, was at his wits' end, and the bailiffs being round about he knew that on the slightest symptom of a " break" he would be lodged in gaol. A bright thought struck him. The heavy tra- gedian was his particular friend, and to him he bent his way. '' Bob, old fellow" he cried, tears dimming his aged eyes, "lend me £10 ! —for one night. I am just about broke !" "But £10 won't help you," returned the other, " why you owe nearly ten hundred !" "If you will oblige an old friend, Bob, and lend me the money, I think I can square it if you'll play to-night." The good-natured tra- gedian consented to both propositions. The play was Hamlet, and as the manager was gravely sitting in his room smoking a bor- rowed cigar, the Ghost rushed in. "Mr. B——, I must have some money, if it's only a pound. My wife's ill, and we have had nothing in the house but an aitch-bone of beef these two days !" "Jack," said B——, solemnly, "I have but £10 in the world, but here "—drag- ging it from his pocket—" take it, Jack—take it !" After some protestation, the astonished Jack took the money, and went off. After him entered Ophelia, who was a widow, with two children, and the gentle Rosencrantz, who swore that he'd punch B—— 's head if something wasn't handed over. "Wait an instant !" says B——, running out, "I am a tender- hearted fellow, and by George, madam, your words have touched me." He runs to the Ghost: "Jack—oh—have you heard—poor Snuffles in the orchestra—cab— neck—wife—family. For heaven's sake, lend me that note, as you are a man." The poor Ghost handed over the precious piece of paper, which was duly paid to Ophelia, and borrowed again, on the pretence of a sudden addition to the family of the First Gravedigger, for Rosencrantz ; from him it was conjured by a pitiful tale of an accident to young Osric, and having been paid to ten sceneshifters in succession, came into the hands of Polonius, who, being a soft-hearted fellow, gave it up in aid of a fictitious elope- ment between Hamlet and his Mother. When the curtain fell, Manager B—— was half way to London with the note—minus his railway fare and two goes of brandy—safe in his waist- coat pocket. Poor members of Parliament are having a bad time of it with country cabmen. Mr. Bowman, M.L.A., has—according to recent accounts—been severely injured by a care- less Jehu at Sandhurst The story, as given by the local paper, is quite touching, and Mr. Bowman has my sympathies. I should like to ask him, however—when his eyes have recovered their pristine purity—if the "cab- man's " name was Henry. I am sincerely glad to find that my few re- marks upon the silly criticism of a certain little daily print upon " art" have produced a good effect, and extracted an explanation to the effect that the paper in question was " re- sponsible for the errors of judgment and bad taste" of its contributors. This is a tremen- dous responsibility, and it is very good of the paper to accept it, but I don't see what difference it makes to the people who are slandered and misused. It seems to me that—as one of their own poets has said —the "smart" business is getting a little overdone. Everybody must write smart social articles ; and to such a height has this blind fury for scribbling reached, that several worthy tradesmen, with a taste for light literature, have absolutely bought shares in small papers, for the purpose of seeing themselves in print. These amateur journal- ists go in heavily for the "smart" business. After siting all day on a high stool, totting up accounts, they feel themselves ready to set the world right on all points, and do so with that easy disregard of fact and politeness which characterises the amateur journalist. They reverse Mr. Jingle's condition, and ap- pear as "Apollo by day, and Mars by night" —" hang the ledger, twang the lyre"—while, like Pope's chest of drawers—" contrived a double debt to pay"—they not only serve the necessaries or the luxuries of life to their fel- low creatutes from behind the counters of their stores from 9 to 5, but kindly educate them by means of the newapaper press from 10 to 2. Their principal characteristic— in print—is severe morality, and as the only condition attached to the printing of their articles is that they should be written gratis, they are properly hard upon " hired scrib- blers"—that is to say, all these professional journalists whose productions are deemed worth paying for by newspapers that deem them worth printing. Tenacious of the "privileges of the press,'' they are astonished that a man can have opinions of his own and the courage to advance them. They write anonymously, and their newspaper— that happy corporation " which has neither body to be kicked nor soul to be d—d"—shields them from retaliation. On the other hand, any writer who adopts a signature and writes under it for any length of time becomes person- ally known, and has to bear the brunt of personal attacks from those who differ from him. In a Little Pedlington like this "who is who" is very soon discovered, and I have been often gratified during the last 12 months by reading satirical sketches of my personal appearance, &c.;, written by gentlemen who have done me the honour to imitate my method and manner of scribbling, in other journals. I understand that this sort of writing obtains a good price and a ready sale, and that being the case, I can only regret— for the sake of my fellow-workers in the press—that nature had not endowed me with a humpback, a swivel eye, or a lame leg for them to crack their jokes upon. It is quite on the cards, how- ever, that I may yet break my leg, lose my eyesight, or injure my spine ; and that quite a new field for "smart writing" will be opened up thereby. The only danger is that any or all of these events may not take place for some time, and if my professional brethren proceed at the rate at which they are now progressing, they will quite use up my present mental and physical deformities before the new ones are ready for them to work upon. Q. 