THE LAST NIGHT IN BABYLON. (*KOM BEU3BAVIA.) Br Gkobc* AOGumuB Sals. For my part, 1 do not know, at this present writing, whether the millstone has indeed been cast into the water*, and whether the word has in truth gone forth that Babylon lie Great is Men, is fallen. For aught I can tell, there may be, at thia moment of time, no Babylon at aU ; no rtipf ffig-gT^*11^, ao palace of J£inc Kebachadn«w ; nothing bnta 'neap of ?''?''rig and bloodstained ruins, destined in time to come, to M me Habitation only of owls and adders, of bits and dragon*. For I pen these lines many hundreds ol miles away from Baby lon; in the midst of ruins so vasWand so magnificent, and among memories of historic couvuiiiooB so tremendous, that any amount, however vast, of frHiirTP. decay, and disinte gration seems possible and even probable to me ; and I should take it quite as a matter of course, if I wen told that Nineveh was no mare, and that the name of Sennacherib was but a noise ; that Tyre was but a bare rock, and Sidon a deserted strand; that mangel wurzel was growing on the site of Carthage, aid that no stone of Baalbek remained on anolner ; **»ii'|ht grass shone green in Cheap ride, and that the Bed Indian was onoe more hunting the moose in Fifth Avenue. I picked up a ragged copy of Votney at a book-stall in Genera the other day, and 1 tat me down on a stone in the Forum at Home yesterday after noon, and nad the u£oins of Empires' until dusk ; then, coming back to the inn, I felt mouldy and cm rawing myself ; I felt, some how aa though my roof wen tumbling in, the columns of my peristyle tottering, and my xnirbie pavement cracking into unseemly fis sures, which map be one war of having the hlim. »mli;i«.itimiriyi m-i^t'*'-!; n imM in nnt's head. I am out of the world— ol the old world, at least.. 1 scarcely remember toe. geographical position of Babylon; only I know that the Alps divide us ; that the poet but rarely osmes in ; that I have not seen an eight-paged newa p»per for seventy days ; and tho telegrams 1 read in foreign journals are, 1 oonoeive, mainly lies. I had been sojourning lat some five weeks in Babylon, watching ita mad names, and noting them upon tablets. Before that, I had travelled to Dan and to Baeraheha, and to ladmor in the Wilderness, and to many other plaws. In the majority of imtanow, I had been thmat out of the towns in which I bad strives to abide, by certain children of Belial calling themselves gttdarmei.aad aoxeWde-ville. In other words, [bid ban prowling, during the latter put of July and the early part of August, ?boot Hetz and Nascy, Thiooville and Verdun, Chalons and Bar-le-Duo, and other cities in the north -eastern put of France. It was my busi ness to be »t ??the front,' as the cant war ptuass runs; bat so toon [as I made for the ?'front,' I was, aa a rule, constrained by prood man,dnesed in a littie brief authority, to tarn back. I have been amply nvenged for all the lickings and questing downstaia whiohiand my colleagues experienced ; for proud man, aa represented by the French section of the human race, has ben kicked and quoited awoe last August tntDendoasly, and with hideous rain and oombostwo driven iota infinite skedaddle ?nest. The rear, to which 1 wae so often and so oontumdionaiy rdagatad, became itself, at Ust, the 'front' of fronts; and having takes Sedan, toe victorias Prussian* coolly prooeeded to sit down before Paria. ' D faut laasar aux PaqsieBi k temps de cuire dans lenr jot'— to mwhbu own gravy— qootn nsmaroK, «? cynic. The Parisian goose must be pretty nearly cooked by tius time, 1 apprehend. BeLwithat metBOObk September 3rd, when Count de Palikao m ooostrsined to Utter inth to a pankf*tnoken jDbambsr the awful tidings that KufttsWsstniy was demolUhfri, «nd that tU Emperor was a prisoner, we faM been fed in Paris tat many days with the moat UntasSc and with the most phenomenally im Indent lies. JUaohaoaea was at the bead of the Oatiioit, JMssa Mendex Pinto wm rtdac tswen chef Jbf^a^^vTBugisrdo de Bagi ?rdoni occupisd toe editorial armchair of th» ? UbtrU, and Major fcooabow wroto toe leading srtJdesinthiTsSr. The father of lies beat children all day loo* Telegrams rivalled &e; 'eU-kaBWD^oW^tns faLtnutwortiineei. YoaaUimm jUtabeeft goshed from every boulevard kSnuae, asd t& wort-yard of the Grwd flfteTirW ,» perpetually simmmng caldron of '«»BimeML' It was a grand satur nalia of naadaatr: sad ao natural and out tmarfmt last m O» system of the unreal become, that men of the hUert respecUbiHtj, and the mosi Mtabted &tegrity;, were «?»? mooly -d«tootad -telliBB flaarant Sha 00 stair taking ^mr UfotVbnekfast walk to buy the newspanen, yooehanoedtoineetalrieod, t.lu reswVron? lipafa lis» of * omjobt. We beo-vsd,« nwsttlim that we nttierad, th1*iTei7^««Sn«weUinth.»ortt: ?aat, tbiaSii»s*E3so»edaJBnction with UaclUbon; that Vinoy had beateo Prinoj Fraderiok diaries , ttat tbe Crown Prince ha- btMdiBMel i^anilt nis oomtnand, and seat etf«tSeSwfip»nflM -«s happ^*? ?oother PiSs2a7 - jMtt' mon itt» a hnndred years^o.ttatOs-eralyw. Mattke was d-d, nd that tasnl tM«UbsbwU btA mn aw»y ; ths4Bt™*o«iWA««n r»ltawdj and that teft^tesy of Baden, «ob sharpshooter Mag Fonst : feSf*P--J»*t^r»-a-MQ man ao the nobody iaBabyiov 'mm. ffli W ^* ''ft*r *' gJsS^4^SJtrl^Jto2o ? yrmsrnt- j»Vy }fffinnftfl*^-i1 to the last 1 'imi^i^^S»Sm:j^». :«* ?..IP*** «m the faibune of the Chamber ; that the last *«'?»« the Pruadan landwehr andUndstrum b*d been called out ; that the PrussuTw^ currency was at Bfty-six discountTanr^t the&ngof; PruBdah«J gone raving JniT J, Pm» OtKhll?.k ^5* **$*-& l bi« «*t down are mere haphswrd reooUeoSms, or tbe fruit of adutemper6dimaginaUon_ I have every one of these lies before me now in print, cut out as they issued hot from the press, S uartedhi' 1 scrap-book. I know something about lying. Lies are the wild beasts at Ephesis, and litove K»n lEghting with them these twenty years. atpato orede. What tremendous lies they t\W *}-e States in the war-time ! Bat the most unblushing actions of ' Lying John Pope,' ?he most audacious fables invented by 'Man- -If'1!,' ifu Other ,newJ,Wer correspondenta, who shaU be nameless,* were duly veracious Duntives o{ iact oomparea wiUi the astounding ^PJ^ypb* in which we revelled in Babylon. 'If Pans only knew whit I know ' Palikao was reported to have Mid to M. Enale de jirardin on the morning o( the 3rd of Septem ber, 'Paris would illuminate.' 'Excellent news to-day,' the pretty little bourgeoue in ,ae Une de lArcade would lisp forth as she fitted on a new pair of gloves for you. 'What news t' Madame : 'Mafoi, je n'en siii rien ? only my husband declares them to be excel lent' 'Enfin nousles tenons, oes Prussaena,' my coiffeur would cry, blandishing a hair-brush eiultingly, and then applying it with such vigour to my luxuriant anburn locks, that the possibility of my head catching fire, or coming off bodily, appeared not unremote. 'The Prussians, monsieur, are decimated, macerated, flagellated, extirpated, and eradicated to utter ruin and demolition. I have it from a cus tomer, who has a brother-in-law sous- officer in the Third Zouaves.' There was no use in asking the glove-seller, or the barber, or any body else, for more precise information, or to remind the latter that on the morning of Waterloo, the First Napoleon, surveying th* snny of Wellington through his field-gUst, murmured, 'Enfin je lea tiem, ce* Anglais.1' My coiffeur would probably have replied, that the battle of Waterloo was won by the Em peror Napoleon ; only he was deprived of the fruits of his victory through the treachery of Grouchy. The Parisians had made up their minds to believe that which they wished to be lieve, and nothing else. Obstinacy is one of the three legs of the stool of Faith. The dreadful truth canu, like a Blitzttnhl— like the bolt from heaven, like the fingera of a man'a hand writing as if in fire on the waD, that the Medea and Persians were at the gate. After that— it was a Saturday night— came Chaos. I went down to Jericho that night, and falling among thieves, had a bad tune of it, until, tluJiiiflh the interposition of Lord Lyons, our Ambassador in Paris, I was delivered from captivity. In other words, I expenenoed the fate of Marshal Vaillant, and Mr. Odger, and a great many more innocent people. I was mob -ed as a Prussian spy, half torn in pieces, and hauled off to gaol, where, but for the interposi tion I speak of, 1 might be lying to this day. But when I came oat of the pit, I found Baby lon transformed, and moreover deformed. Tbe French language had lost a whilom conapicnons letter in ita alphabet— the letter ' S,' to wit There was no longer an empire in Fiance ; fcatt a-dozen journalists and barristers, including the Great Vance or Jolly Nash of politics, M. Victor Henri de Eochefort-Lacay, backed by a mob of Paris rowdies, had proclaimed the Re public from the windows of the Hotel de Viiie, and ?' Napoleon by the Grace of God and the National will,' had become once more Victor Hugo's ?' Napoleonic Pett£,'withtheadditiooal and equally disparaging sobriquets of ' traitor,' 'ganache,' 'poltron,' and 'liche,'of 'le lacquai du Boi de Prune,' and of 'I'homme de Sedan.' The name of the Roe du Da Decembre bad been swiftly changed into tbe Rue du Quatre Septembn ; toe Avenue Napo leon was to become the Avenue Victor Noir ; the Place du Roi de Bome was to be the Place de Strasbourg ; the Empress had fed, deserted by »A1 her rascally i*'»l~i'» and flunkies ; there was a price set upon the head of theUor sican prefect of police, Pietri, tae magistnte who, moved by Lord Lyons, bad liberated me on Sunday ; the Corps l^giiiitrf was dissolved, the Senate abolished, the corps of aergentide ville suppressed i Stfc Peiagie had been brokea into, and Bocbefort hlietatel three months be fore hi* time ; Guetave Fiourena, the hot youth who erst proclaimed a revolution ' on his own hook,' and had striven to revolnfaonae France by turning off the gu is front of tbe Porte St. Martin tEeatre, had started op oat* of the depths, and had become a power in the state ; Pascal Groussat, FouvieUe, Arooold— all tse red-hot Bepublieus I had seen at Tours during that notable trial which arose from tat practice of ?' shooting people down,' were all at large and rampant: &e; Priocesse Mathilde sad taken to flight; Prince Napoleon nad ideated out of the Falaia Royal, bag and baggage ; the Murata, the p-'-'***-. tbe Tasener de la Pagenea, tutta la harraoca of Imperialism, had vanished, and nobody could tell whathad be come of M. Ffir— '*??' and tbe Duke of Per siguy. Never, since that mwrniraWn Sunday morning when Bawdon Crawtey broke open Becky's desk and found the thousand-pound note, and Lord Sterne, with his head broken, watt away cursing from the little hoosein May fab, bad than been a compMer or mote aesn dshms bankruptcy of a concern apparently so thriving, but in reality the whitest of whited sepulchres, and built opoo fraud, falsehood, and all manner of base tnpitode andcormpbon. Baskets full of dirty linen which tbe Bepeb licana declined to wash with okaed doors were flung on to the pavement Cato the Censor, is a halfpenny newspaper, cried out that a hair pin had been discovered in the private cabinet oflLHaaasmannattbeBftteldeVille. From that, judge of the profligacy of the Imperial nt'p* The apartments of Marguerite Bal langer, a loose woman on whom deposed Csasar had showered much treasure, wen subjected to a doraiciliaiy visit; and virtuously indignant Republicans deeiared that pictures belonging to tbe national collection in the Louvre had been found in the boudoir of this arch cocotte.t Surely then bad never been anything so scan dalous, so dishonest, so generally flagitious as this Empire— adhedan to which more than seven million* of Frenchman had testified by a piebis oitumthi* very spring last past this Empire which bad lasted eighteen yeara, and which was smashed to pieces in naif an boar ! It wm a very fine thing to have a EepoWk once more }*0 have set about destroying all the Naooleook busts and statses— some to be burnt mto lime, others to be melted into can non - to scrape or hack out tbe word ' Im periale'1 from the facade. of all the pubUcooild. Sngt and aJl the 'ITs' and all tbe eagte from tS baa-reliefs at the Louvre. It was pobta call* caosisteiit to turn all the Booapartis* pre feota, sab-prefects, priiemwra««ner»ux, mayors, adjoint*, and commieurins of police, out of office, and appoint orthodox BepublicaBS in Instead; to confiscate til the ready-money and jewellery found in the private ll«toarti«t %b-Smpro»i at the Tmieries, and all toe pretty and oopy-books at the Prince Iujpenaljwr ebasedwith thelinp«riilpoci*Wii«i«r. aodlrft othSd atSL C3o«dWoJ«5*««»»*^«oUi'1r bleau ; it waa a wonderfBlr/ *» *«« ^J™8 the Boulevards all dW-W wsU-nigh all night j!'. ««nii»t 'LaidaMeahuse' and 'Le ChSit arDenart--^Bough the wind bad [been i^rhat lSa- out of the sails of those lynes b?Sefr hlrmg been prostituted to «r« tte pirpoe* « ? wekeily ?»««»? mje*?* fSSa rfTwesta Wowi ft wa. ^«« otSId »TSy«gBt Brt wtaiFraBoe JSTttmto fan hmi to tar. Loos PtfUipt tad mTdjin-ty oot-of-dooii «h» w ?* peace oiario* to* monoB ttd tae glaivB were d# ?SmZ h^ ''P1' taBi *', 2?*1 * SSriTMMi l£ I»C~ «^ ** muter les paces dedans Jem ppoprei «a«ei Sriant s^andefilceophie et baalte aasnee,' iriwtSg1»ok2Slby the net of Europe, yg^^n of February 1848 was. great * Rataminf obob to Stw York from a tear in Uuads, I to'* ™y mrrival anaoaneed in ILieertertaAiUofanewepaper a tbefellew. ^ISb^W^IWbi i -tte BriAb. Aaa ^fttaTon^%*-»V «^* 1 :«-*«« Italian newspaper twnslsnena af the beaatifal JSto ^SSSi BiagW witn Hadaett d. r^iJ uliiil—iil BT tin fair bat baa M*r Kd*«S7c«w. AUck it asseasj to bmbesepOTCsMaAfsfatoitedetsmd by ^Lbody Vftaese mm tk*ttawtj*«f fan to/. . ? ? ??- ?*'*-???-:?-? frolic, the comic dement io which was only I abrogated by th* bloody massacres of June. \«ry and lamentably dfflereitt was the cue in September 1870. 'K's ' sod eagles might be obliterated, Bonapartiste proscribed, policemen mobbed, trees-of-liberty planted, and universal fraternity asd equality asserted ; but the Medea and Persians were still at the gate ; *nd that whukerel man is, the helmet and the tigbtly buttoned tunic was advancing, advancing, always advancing, with pace as unvarying and a* impartial as that of tbe viator who eqoo pede knock* alike at the Wei* of beggars and at the palace* of kings. King Willum m coming; the Prince Royal vu coming ; Moltke was coming ; BUmark wa* coming,— «ud him tbe Frenchmen dreaded more than they did the whole Prussian army, hone, foot, and artillery. Something mart be done to prepare for tbe re ception of these terrible gneste. Yon have read | —who ha* not !— the story of Don JeuTeoorio. The reckless libertine of Seville atked the Statue of the Commend store to sapper. Tbe statue came; with what resolt yon know. Don onn of Paris, swaggering and boasting, with nil jupi cocked 00 one aide, his moustache saucily twitted, ha hand* threat in the pocket* of hi* baggy zouive galligaekira, and hi* long sword clattering on the pavement, had been bold enough to accost that grim stone effigy io th* doicter— tbe impamfWe warrior on bit war horse, with his spiked casqae, his stiff stock, us orbieas eye. 'Come to sapper, old boy,' no Joan cned airily. The sUtae ntAAi^ ni* head in acquiecceace. Wow the Feetin de 'lerre was imminent. The sound of the dread ful greaves of the aceptre were echoing through the whole house- The *?»?'* -^i were beginning to burn blue. LeponllohadUkenrefageuDder the table. Ibe etatae waa coming to sapper ; and, horrible to relate, he had brought all his friend* with him ! These thing* occerrmg gndully, bat at last with a fearful mteuity of reality to the people of Babylon, caused them, about the 6th xrf Sep tember, to perpesd and to cognate somewhat ruefully on the remarkably tight pUce into which they had brought thmmrircm through their im prudent promptitude ia — «^i»g out invitations to supper to statues that wore f piked helmets. The effect of the dtuge which came over the public mind was remarkable. Xobody was afraid of the enemy— at least nobody avowed that he was afraid— for bad hs so much aa hinted that fact aSood, aojneWy more afraid than he, but wisbfnl to appear more vtJoroua, would straightway have branded him a* a coward, asd deoosneed him as a Prussian *py. Everybody waa anxious, preoccapied, and teat on dffroding la patrie to toe iut gup, but in a staid, solemn, and cererc ?'«''-«? It was wonderful to watch, day by day, the metamor phocis of Paris, aad the progreatire diaappear ance of all her aid gaietf, merriment, and frivolity. What tract of joUty still lingered was merely die coarse debauchery of the camp ; ud tipty soldiers might be seen sprawling over the marble table* at which, a tew days pre viously, ^t^g*1*! mim-ih^ W»«j been sipping their glace* a U Xapolitaine. Tee accustomed fre- lint in knots, thea in wbo(e groups, then vanished altogether. Tbe balcuoy of the Joekey -dob, overfoofcisg the £oe Scribe, I«t lounger after loBnger, and at lut wu so much -1r^il-t# iron-ruljiag. The duhmg eqsipsges whica iawd to make the toox of tbe lake in the Baud* Bc4ogoe, asd to pail spat Madrid, and the Cascade, asd the Pri Catdaa, faded any into BothingBeas ; 00 more spruce eanhen were to be sees prsnrfnr. oe backs Jurvd from ti^e livery -(table keapen about Band Point; no more cpngetty *'^»»« »rh;^t»i to an admir ing public marvels is tB£ way of r^AT^n.hmhjtg, made by Sma^Bkge, mtradesmtheway oftight ladag fsvoared by Mniura- Pridaolr's liydru Ik-pnasare mrarts. Tht Boa de Boulogne itself was diaaidawed aad disestablished. Ifce verdant bums, tbe '''—'»g pnria, were fenced asd staked and roped ic, u4 istothete eocksares were driven from all the outlying lairs aad folds aad ssatsngee and. cberounu Paris, taouaaacb spaa ttvatanfh of oxen and cows, sbeep and pig*, which, browsed aad rooted in tbt pleatBre-groaad* ; the homed eattk looming large is tbe leafy ciear-cbKEre, nthoogh they were baits is some primeval fores. Wiid-tooting ahepbzrdl from nmote s)eparta-entB — some eTcn trsa tbe half^ange lands* — faced moodify aioog, talkily tentuiig ajjijf 1 n belooginff to fl'w*t;s to which they were staangen ; wtui* equally diacocteated herdsmen pi^Mf^ aiter cow* sad oxea to wiiomtaey had never been iatrodaced. These Corydos* *ad X^2nosa had bees f»fl**3 from the raak* of the provincial Gardes Mobile*, aad hastily bidden to lay down the rifle and take sp the crook ami thegcad. To this sad comph^joti cuoe the unrivalled jHmr* **' Bob de Boulogoe. I drove through it two day* ere I fied from Baby loo, taking a last food look at its shining paths sad bosky coverts; for 1 had known tne Boa for thirty ycu- — known it long before liapoleon UL trimmed aad ceded aad spruced it up to iaimitabk prettiaess sad oouaeituhaeei — known it wees it was a wiM and i&cult; slip of fin en, Imil. in which could be traced the chirred circle* made by the ewnp-iina cf the Duke of Wellington* solditn who bivouacked hetein 1S14-15. Then was oae paracalircpot of green sward in Bats, dose to tbe entnnce by the Koate de Neuilly, which I so well remenbend, which I sever failed to seek each tune 1 came to Paris, aad VBica I ahall act forget until I die. Per haps you think I amabost to tell yea that I fought a dud on that spot, or thit 1 went down on my knee* there to niake a declaration to the adored oae ot my heart (did any saae nun, I waader, ia thia world ever go- dowa upga hie kaeeiforthe purpose jot mentiosied?) Ko thiag of the kind; 'twas only that, on that particular portiaa of tne grass of taeBoiade Bonlogae, on a certain Sunday afternoon in 1640, 1 smoked my not cigar. How awtntly sick I ws* ! Perhaps it was my nnfsmiliarity witb the Virginian weed that made me feet so very iii Perbap* the cigar (which cost two sons) was not nude of tne Virginian weed at at all, but of cabbage or kttoce-leaf. Perhaps the fact that I had eatentpo apples (unripe), a stick of barieyaagar, four macaroons (won at roulette), and ?- consuierabie quantity cf gin gerbread with almonds in it, had something to do with the nausea I euffend. They laid me down apoa the ground, and bathed my brow with water, and qaojuactoatij I became at once », convert to the doctrine of Gililta. The earth ewved witk a veageaeee. It apan round like a ttrtorirm. aad say poor bead with it ; and tcea there n rtarraeai aad a great bUnk. The fint cigar is sarery an a^renticesbiu to death. Tbe Bai* *? aa imntnrifin of Babylon -ras quite frringBwhwi en I (eft. The trees near to tbe tampart* of the forttfteatioos were rnth leuly cat dawn ; the aatetapeB andgasellei aad Unu, the ran reptQes and bird* at the Jardia d'Aodinvttioo, wen removed V- toe Jirdin det Plants* ; aad the cafes at Madrid and ai U» Ciseasde were dosed for lack of -M«tomwa. I went ia to the last-earned place of entertain ment jest before they pstap the shutters, with a kindly bat obstinate Eoglith frond who waa beat 00 imbibtng a bock of ICsaich beer. The solitary waiter left at the Cascade— in aormal times we should have been sarrouaded by a txibe of tzim carcoos bowing aad ftcrapiae to tbe ground — wa* anahavea, anwashed, aad un civil even to j-» ^'^ 'We do not sell Munich beer now,' he grunted oat 'Ceatune burs Ptaanenae, et boos ne vaulsos plus la vendre.' I then aaggoted Stnabourg bter, wtieo, ta view of tae a*roic defeooe then mp^i[]if by the As*ttiaB co^, aomewhat pacified taewsitor; not be looked at as sakaace a* be served as ; aad I aiteemed that we were lucky, waeswenad r» entered wa Victoria to drive back into Pan*, that we had not been arrested and dmonnmrl aa Pi ns*is 11 spies. Bat I k»i» left until tbe bat the most notable of aH these evanishmwrts -Ces dame.' had disappeared. Ton looked ia vain for La Ssgaara Lma, with her open carriage 1 la Dau moot drawn by eatis-skinned ehewata which the enpaiar*« stahia, bad Mr. Ganble tried ea oantott, micht »av» vainly ooned to Butch, aadwiththetwseatndenu bbek aadgotd, wko, at a given dakaeee from their awtre**1* carriage, taraed roaad and bead her, their atsed* veined ap, tfaeir bsmttog cms porpeodi ?aWteUMiraipL A*Taa%^ sight toaae, aadeSH pertsctly ia aewdaaoe with tbeethicU ecoooaiy of the Secoatt £t*sire. AadPaaliae d* W***arfUeht, that wewierfad tailiease at eaceart— tba gigmlie Q«naan wasata *witli tae y»Uow hair, ia waeae aslw poor Lord Waste ptne cut hit tsraat after louBg a fiuadred and Buy tasaasod frsiif at the infernal cards * And Tbekia, tae womaa with the deata's head and the akntutju liaibt all auaaeted aad stitctfa hhltonl wuaduaoadi! And thetwut esoottei CaufEdanie aad OnSaeeA as fike to mm «aotksr«i t« pas^u their low tuskrt (ihaetua with the two piebald ponies, and the two diminutive grooms in the dickey with their inn! folded ? Tbe ponie« were twine ; to wae the groomi ; ao were the two little fluffy white Maltese dogs who lay in tbeir mutreu's Up*. The whole concern was carried on en pirtie doable. Chiffonnge and Griffounie — snub-noted litlie wretches, mucb freckled, and with red j hair — bad both been washerwomen'* apjireo- ! tices ; yet Cbiffonnie wu said to own half of the charming watering-place of Colihcbeteur Mer ; and Griffonoee made half a million of franca ont of the concession for lighting tbe town of Brimborion- U-G*lette witt) gas. Twu Geoeral Conot Cucodis, aide^e-camp to the Emperor, who 'put her on' to that snug little speculation. She nearly persuaded him — be was going for seventy — to marry her ; and she wu the ?'foaseterigomali''in thataad law suit en separation de corps between M. Ores Bonnet, one of the president* of the Cour d'A* sue* de la Sdne, and fail wife. All faded away from Babylon, leaving not s trace behind, save some unpaid milliner*' and jewellers' bill*. Whither went they, those frail doves, I wonder ! Are they flitting about tbe CanBontehnia or tbe Mula Miilioauia at St. Petersburg, nuking e?es at the Eosnan guard f Are they nulling, and nincuig, and emirkniK, and risking tbeir lut napokons —their iact, fur Gene ral Cwunt Cocodia a with the Man of Sedan at WObelnuhohe, and IL Grot Bonnet luu luct his berth — at the gunag uble* of Monaco ? I am told that at Hombarg eveo nuw one gaming table it kept open far the benefit of tie local innkeeper*, who else would have no gnats to fleece. Have Ia Sigiora Livia aad Pauline de Waseertticht levantel toitber? or have they turned viruura* by way of change, and become Sisters of Charity, innrmilrea in »'it»iin«. — qneeaii-je! Of the ie« aristocratic member* uf the unstable autobosd tbe police of Baby lon made *hart work. They were caught op by tbe score, penned up in the aiii they in qnented, and driven in herds between tiles of ?ergesta-de-ville to gaoL St. Laura, the great female prison of Paris wa* soon full of t&em.; Presently, a common spectacle, early io tbe morning or late at nigh., m theatreets leading to the Northern and tae Havre railway sta tion came to be hideous yellow omnibuses, with grating* to tie window*, the green blind* of which were close drawn down. But now and again the plump white hand of a xroman would be protruded tfcroogb the ban, of a mothered shriek would be audible to tbe hooting and jeering rabble who followed these charbts of ignominy. Tne mstabte sisterhood were being taken for a little inp into the country, escorted by scowling pouce-agenb aad coar-riiaged bubs. They were carted (way by nil to the provincial pnftoas, when they may be languishing now, tor no other crime than that cf having done at Babylon as the Babyloniaiis did until they had outlived tbe Baoylomah liking. Thu expurgation did not make the city vir tuosi. It onl- made it savagely repulsive. That which hid been the gayest^ wittiest, politest capital ia the world, assumed the like ness of * dull, coarse, ferodoua camp. King Mob wu organised, and, with a voice hoarae with abgmtne and petit bleu, trolled forth patriotic catcbe, or raved about the blessings of liberty, equally, and liaiernlty. bat Kiug Mob waa 00 loo/tr a thing to be put duvn by a picket uf infanuy, or a squad of policemen with thsz rgur trim H** -?*?* gutteu a matket aod tiayuaet, aad a cartuoch-bux, and would shuut acd etab on occasion. He waa a National Gsaivi, a Mibae, a Franc- tireur. He was tbe tejpl*. Ihii *Mnstum was, of cooree, some thing to be w«&eriuily; proad of, but he made Pan* intensely disagreeable. Soon to the .wtiviw* fJ the ^aniA -iwi vat tint, irmi^i inttT. etted in the foKunes of the French Kepabliu oae aad mdmnbie, and who felt inclined to recall with hcror, zsther than with exultation, she memories d that year 1792, about which Pans was perpetually Bhrf^kiffg, the place be came abeoloiei.' intolerable aad onmharntabie. Tee Mobiles and Franet-oreiui, who cad poored in from the countiy for tne defence ot Pans, were quartered in tbe hoteli aad in pri vate hocaes, » die intense disgust of the noo pusrioac miaoitaot*. Every purter's lodge was a guard rism, every cour a barrack-yard. VVcen 1; wa not a train of field-guns rumbling t&nngh; the streets, it wu a suing of mitrau ^ase* ; wtea it was not mitrailleuses, it wu annul. One after am/ther the theatres closed. At latt not ao much as the Funambules wu lelt. Xoeaaaciandfidflltimaudeceiui-ilufuer* ail went off, -f coane, into the army or the Mobile ; bat wiat on earth could have become of tne poor littfc soabrettes and iugSooea, tne com|sme* aoaibalfa^-guit? The grand calej 00 tbe booievaris degenerated into trowiy and dingy deas ; tni the nogs made by wet Cuffee saoccrs aad bta-glassee ahooe moiit and sticky on the once spittese Burble tables. It wu nobody's buauesi to dost the nurron or sweep toe floor ; ant tke few 1— i-ining waitera were ?luvealy and uaviL Alphoow, who was so attentive in banging you the latett edition ot the Soir, hat been killed at Wisxembourg ; Eogeae, who leemed to divine your thaugatt, and bad envjifd your order almon before you gave it, wu aeong the prisooers at Sedan. It n* ao long*- puesibte to dine decently at Daraad'a or ?Julippe's, or the Haoon l-ure& Tbe Science rf Cookery shrank to her second tauie, and mawares La Bagatelle expired. And all tha while the Medes and Per&uuis; were advancing, advancing, always advancing ; intercep&ng; t^ina, cuttiag the telegraph*, ra vaging the etnntry, eating up the crops like locaia, and oxapying the charming villages of tbe Campagiu id Pans. To my innate rebel, oa Monday, the twelfth of September, I received a telegram from Eng land. Airfrtine me. if then waa inv H*niK?r ni rinflnnnntniftiTsi h^wip eat off, to go to some neutral point ud wait frr contingencies. The difficulty was,to find a leutral puiut, Brutsel* — from Paris it least — had become inaccessible. It was about u easy to get to the moon aa to LuxEBiboerg ,- aad Italy was — keejong pastil exigence in new — too Ur off. I held a coanol of war with some trusted adviser* ; and it waa determined that I should go, through Lyons, to Geneva. Tsis wu oa Monday morning ; the train for Lyons left at eight o'clock in tae eveoiug, and I wandered fitfully about the streets for tome hoars before sunset, bidding a mental good-bye to the most familiar and be»t bdoved places in Babytoe. A cold presentiment came over me that 1 aWoold sever see Pan* again. A weird old witch of a womaa told me many year* ago that I should die at Geneva, aad I (uddealy remembered her propbe*y. It did not come true ao far as tbe month of Sep tember, 1870, wu eonasmeil ; but 1 am not out of tbe wood T*t- I was not well tbe whole time I us at Geneva ; and the fair city 00 tbe shores of lajgrLwma seemed to exert over me, I knew nut way, a depressing aad uncanny in fluence. The fact, that I left Paris with only a couple of bandied fraacs in my pocket, and had to wait a fortnight in Switzerland for remit tances, may have ^»^ something to do with the chill which Geneva seeaied to send through the spcoal marrow of my mind. I plodded atout Paris on the last day till I was footsore. I took a last survey of the Place de la Concorde, where they were 4res*iug-ap the stone fume emblematical of the btv of Strasbourg— « Boat hkxeass effigy io the worst mock-heruis style of the First Empire — with flagi and ribheu* and flowers, and tenwhag ?craps of patriotic frenzy in chalk and charcoal ob tbe pedestal, aad performing uther distem pered antics. When will the world be cured of idolatry, I wonder ; and which it the more imbecile— to bow down before a stock and a atone, dimly typifying a city three hundred mile* away, or to kas the bunted hoof of the etatae at Rome which passes aa St. Peter's, but is most probably that of a Roman procu rator of tha ttird century ! Between Mumbo Jumbo spiritual aad Mambo Jumbo secular, is there any vu: difference as to the folly of iaage-wotship! And in less than three week* frotttthe time the Parisian* were adoring this political idol ia their forum, Strasbourg had eapttalated. The gardens of the TaSeriea were closed to the public, aad bad become one enormous corral, where cuaoo aad mitrailleaiea were packed, bones picketed, and ammaaitioa and forage wagon eoUected—aO saddled together, as it stnek me, peU-metl and without any at tempt at sTatesi or regularity. A siagle abell tfaiowB in to* midst of toi* man of warlike munitions, eatde, aad men, mast hare doae enormoa* daange. Over the cupola oi the Paviuoa ilarsaa waved the white flag with tae [ red cnut of the U»r«otioo of Geneva : tile Totteries, whs Massing ofthe wtsdsai of the I ?erpoot, bad been cjc v*ned infcj aa ambulance ocaospusi. Tae pictate-gaileriM aadmsseuma |^ef tae Louvre aad twao absad tnaer day. before ; the choicest statues packed up, ready 1 for instant removal, tbe precious paintings of tbe Salou Can* taken out of their frame* and off their strainers, roiled np and placed in oilskin cues, like *o many carefully furled um brella*. I crossed the Pont Buyal, and took one Ust fond look *t the old china and brie i brae tbops of tbe Qui Voltaire and tbe Rue de* Saint/! Peres. 1 made ooe last affectionate toor along tbe bookctall-bned embankment from the palace of the Quai d'Ors&y; to the lnstitate. I wu e -rely tempted to bay tbe ' *lman»fj- Imperial' for the yew 1814— s fat podgy volume of four hundred pages, and labelled at the low price of bvepeoee only. It would haie been edifying to collate it with the Imperial Almanac of 1670. Fontaiaebleau and Sedan ! History repeats itself in tbe imperial court of bankruptcy u elsewhere. I followed tbe Seine, and bade good-bye to Notre Dame. Good-bye Pont Keaf aad eques trian statue of Henri Qoaire, sad Bsia* tie 1* Ssmaritiine ; and that qnasi-alasd in tbe river, wish that particularly damp cafe, where in summer time they used to give concerts vocal sod instrumental. The singer* always had cold* in the head ; the wind nutruments ap peared to be afflicted with bronchitis ; sod when you cried 'Garcon !' the waiter coughed hotkily instead of answering ' Voiia f 1 as cended tbe £ue de Seine, aod left my card of e.F.t). at the Jaiembourg. 1 left it mentally, I mess ; for the palace —lately the meeting place of the abolished Senate — was shut up, the picture gallery was doted, and a brigade of Gardea Mobile wu encamped in the gardens. 1 lingered long outside BreUier's, the Olosene des Lilag, the famous dancing place, so long the resort of students aod grisettei, and, in later times, ol petite cievej and cocottes. Dark and dismal was the prospect of Brellier'e gra velled paths and spangled meads through the ir.jn-barred gates. Six weeks before, I had made one of an audience composed of at least t*o thousand persons Bcn-amillg tbe Marael laise aad the Chant du Depart, tramping in chorus to the melody until the wooden flooring shook again, aod roaring in staccato bursts of unison, ' A Berlin ! & Berlin ! Gay est ! ca y est!' All gone j the lights were fled and the garlands dead ; and all, save Miserrimus, de parted. I wu Miserrimos, or Marina among the ruuu of Carthage, or tile ghost of the law Mr. Simpson mourning over a Vauxfaall with all the 50,000 additional lamps extinguished, sod closed, perchance, for ever. It grew dark. Tnt son «et earlier that after noon, I tbink, than tbe season warranted ; and there wu no twilight The day waa followed by immediate blackness ; aad wben the gu was lit; it abooe only with a faint ood marshy glimmer As I pasted from the court-yard 01 the Carrousel, I averted my head, that I might not see the dear old Palais Royal. I had not the heart to wish anything else in Paris good-bye. But when I reached the Place Ven dome. and for tile lut time Daced aloes the Rne de la Psix, with all its brilliant shop* shnt up, and only a few brawling Moblota swag gering four abreast along its broad pavement, I own that I clenched my fist mentally, aad de voted the ex-Emperor Napoleon, the ex -minuter OUivier, the ex-minister Marshal Lebsaf, the King of Prussia, the Crown Prince, General roa Moltke, and Otto Count ol Bismarck Schoostein, to the infernal god*. 'Twu but re turning a compliment ; for, between them, they had played the very devil with Pans. There wu nothing left bat to go to the Cal6 fiiche, and dine u indigestibiy as was possible with a friend. We had a bottle of cbaapagne together — creaming Sdiery, the old bin you re member so well — the last. I wu Ampfcytriao, and having no mall change, borrowed forty franc* from my friend to pay the score. I don't thtuk I shall ever pay him those forty franot back. He cannot *ne me. Tne debt was con tracted in Babylon; sad Babylon, tbsnkt to Bismarck (born him !), and the rest, exuu no longer. The next Paris will be quite a differ ent city ; not yours nor mine. I returned to the Grand H''1. and paid mv bilL which waa weak. In the crash and coUspte of an empire me defrauded inkeeper tbe mure or Seas wuaid bent bat little account. The huge caravanse rat of the B julevird des Uspucus bad become an ail-but empty sepulchre. There wu but one clerk left u the boreau ; and he looked lit- a gravedigger. In a hollow voice he msbed me ??bODvuTage.' What hu become ol tbe Grand Hotel by tius time! A dreadful white dost hang over tin city as with bag aad baggage I drove to the terminus of the Lyons Bauway on the Boulevard ttazaa. It ku so thick, to penetrating, so »ll- pre»ad ing, that you might have fancied that Paris was oa the skirts of the Great desert of Sahara, and that tbe sirocco was blowing. But tbe dust wu only due to tbe eircumstawse that toe scavengers— in* majority of whom were Ger man— fiaving been expetied, the street* had nut been swept tor many days. I found the rail way station thronged by an enormous multitude of fugitives, foreigners aod natives — women, i.tiil^r»ftj aad old men iuwliiiiiiiitUiij *^t^i to escape from the doomed city, of wtneb tbe gates, Oy order ot oextera irocna, were soon to be dosed. With painful difficulty I managed to obtain a ticket for Lyons ; but I wu not al lowed to take any luggage with me ; sad I was fain to trust to the hunesty of my driver to take ail my things back to tne Grand Hotel, to be left until called for. He had an honest face ; yet, fur soght 1 kooar, he may be careering about Pans at this moment arrayed in my shin and pantaloons. There was a doll ia one of the portmantesas— a lovely dell, bought at 'La iienouume dee Poupees ;' a doll with no less than three distinct rhingrs of dress, which 1 bad purchased is rTmrrfn of a commission fer a lady in England. Perhaps tbe cabmsa'a children are now dandling that doU, and rump ling her expensive under-linen with their dirty paw*. Pernap* the cabman wu as honest ss he looked, sod faithfully delivered my- effects to the garde magssin of the Grande Hotel Bet would my position be materially bettered by hx integrity ! By this tone the Grand Hotel may have falitn a .prey to petrolruni or to picrate of potash ; OTtbetriumJiaotPnittiaos, scouring tne boulevards, gutting the booses, sad snufiing somebody'* luggage wherever tie} found it, may be in tae enjoyment of my bekmgiag*. A corporal of Uhlans, perchance, is weanog my body-linen, and my doll is safe a bis holsters, aod destined for his children in Fatherland. Bat tbe world has wagged, and the sun baa rises and has set every taunuag sad every i evening with his usual mathematical accuracy : aad, a poor gadfly en the axle-box of Fortune7! wheel, I rind myself ia Bocae. It is s capital place wherein to read Votoey u aforesaid, aad mate upon the decadence of empires, and to m quire into the Philosophy of Smash. Every day I have spent smrag the ruins of Bome has brought back mure vividly the memory of my Last night io Babylon. ; 