IRELAND. IRISH MONUMENTAIi CEOSS. There is at present on view at the stoneard of Messrs. Eardley and Powells, Dublin, magnificent Irish cross, twenty-six feet high, ntended to surmount a monument on the rocK ofCasbel. The cross, as a work of art, has peuliar claims to the most favourable notice on account of the ancient models being faithfully keptin view, and because of the variety-and excellence of the emblematic designs, and the admirable maimer in which they have been executed. The ornamentation is most florid, and represents a very great amount of patient and highly skilful labour. No Celtic cross of modern construction that we have seen even distantly approached the merit of the one under notice, which is intended for a site on 1 one of the most prominent positions of the greatest and most historic group of ecclesiastical ruins In Ireland. On the front of the cross is the Crucifixion, in prominent relief, and nearly life- size, surmounted by a dove,- and surmraded with symbolical figures of the evangelists, typified, as in the Revelations. At the feet of our Lord crucified are ears of •wheat and a vine tree. In front of the shaft are three panels, representing legendary incidents in the life of St. Patrick, as a captive, as a shepherd, and as the Apostle of Ireland, ~~Freemaiis Journal. COADJUTOR BISHOP OT KI1XALA. In accordance with the authorization given to the Most Rev. Dr. Feeny, Bishop of Killala, by the Supreme Pontiff to convene his fclercy for the purpose of recommending three pewons, any of whom might be selected •B his^coadjutor bishop, an assembly of the diocesan clergy was recently held in the Cathedral Church, Ballina, and the Mass of the Holy Ghost having been celebrated, the following three names were recommended for transmission to Rome:—Very Rev. Thomas M'Hale, professor, Irish College, Paris— Dignissimus. Very Rev. Hugh Conway, P.P., county Sligo—Digntor. Very Rev. Peter Nolan, The Presbytery, Sligo—Dignus.—The Connaught Ranger. IBISH PRELATES AND THEIR FLOCKS. The return of Irish Prelates from Rome for the purpose of visiting their several dioceses, is usually made the occasion by their respective flocks of presenting addresses, mostly expressive of fidelity and personal affection. It may be well, however, occasionally to cull a sentence or two from these addresses, in order to show that our people retain in all its vitality the spirit of Catholicity and obedience to the Holy See. In an address presented to the Bishop of Dromore, the subscribers thus refer to the (Ecumenical Council:—" Of the deliberations and decisions of that great Council of the Church we presume not of ourselves to offer any opinion. As members of the Church of Christ we are admonished by the Inspired "Writing to obey our prelates and be subject to them, for they watch as being called to render an account of our souls, and that being so, we have no doubt but the Spirit of God pervades the Council." In reply to which his Lordship says :—" That portion of your address affords me particular pleasure in which you profess your unhesitating and unqualified submission to whatever decisions may be promulgated by the Church now assembled in General Council. This is the true Catholic spirit, and I humbly and gratefully thank God who has bestowed it upon you. Those decisions will be formed after ample discussion and frequent and earnest prayer by prelates gifted with great abilities, extensive ecclesiastical learning, and great experience." In an address to the Bishop of Perns, the clergy tbus speak of his episcopate :—" There are many interesting topics associated with your lordship's episcopate to which we feel ourselves almost irresistibly impelled to make allusion on this happy occasion. Your lordship's dignified, uncompromising, and success- ful resistance to the rude and indecent attempt to force on this great Catholic diocese, and plant almost at the door of your cathedral a branch of that godless education long since condemned by the Holy See; the many great improvements effected by this important seminary—your zeal for the beauty of God's house, evidenced in the elaborate finish and rich decoration of that noble church built by your predecessor, Dr. Keating of happy memory—the many convents and educational establishments founded under your direction, and encouraged to persevere in their arduous labours by your lordship's fostering care and pastoral blessing—the countless works of charity, aided not only with the animated word of hope, but with a liberality far too profuse for your lordship's limited resources —that wonderful temperance reform wrought in the mercy of God through your lordship's instrumentality—these and other subjects of similar importance force themselves on our attention, and demand a suitable treatment at our hands; but we feel ourselves restrained by the conviction that we would thereby only pain and afflict that profound humility which so pre-eminently distinguishes your lordship's character." 