VESUVIAN AND NIAGARAN POLITICS. Surely it must have struck some minds, in tho quarrel about Canada which the Mall tried to lorce on us, there was a specimen of that policy which should be named but to be condemned. It is that policy of curious wisdom which teaches us that some foreign bone of contention should be imported for Irishmen, to hinder them from thinking of eating their own nutritious home- . made pudding. Now it is sent trom Rome, now from London, and lastly, as a novelty, f om Canada. 'If you don't agree with me about the foreien affairs of Canada,' said the Mail in effect, 'I'll explode the union of Irishmen, now tieing projected for our common lenefit.' la an areicle entitled ' Vesuvian Politics,' we exposed and rejected this singular p »iiuy when the bone was Italian. We object to it no less, when it is Canadian . Then, some would have pinned the cause of Ireland to tho robes of the King of Naples,' or made submission- to Aus trian rule over Venice, the test ol Irian patriot isnii'; The,. Mail, with considerable vivacity, ap plauded and cheered on the 'piratical' invaders against the Neapolitan kingdom, £»nd it was nowise grieved that we did not denounce them. Some others were, however. Now the seene is changed, and invaders go over the borders into ' Canada. With most unexpected vivacity, out comes the Mail with its test: 'You shall and do hereby declare these invaders piratical Bcoundrels, or you shall forfeit all claims to Irish patriotism.' Now, as we objected to 'Vesuvian ? politics,' so do we object likewise to ' Niagaran politics.' At peril of flame and flood, we declare they are all foreign to Ireland— subjects upon which Irishmen may well have the widest diver gences of opinion, without detriment to the cause of Ireland. In this line of conduct — though we hurt the ardent feelings of opposite parties — we have been consistent, and should at least get credit for con sistency. But we were consistent by no special rfirrit, but for the simple reason , that we place the Cause of Ireland first. in our hearts. When that is the main object with any, they will feel how very trifling in comparison are revolutions at Vesuvius or invasions at Niagara. tsj. When Ireland shall have been made all that her sons should wish her, then indeed, with inind3 unladen of the great home-care, we may begin to take a lively interest fn Poldr politics and Polynesian perplexities. But we hope that even then we shall never be so forgetful as to subordinate Ireland to them, nor devote a coun tryman to the Stygian ghosts if he do not accept as a test of Irish patriotism that we ought and should endorse the politico-economical plan of filling the Vesuvian crater with snow, or of betting the cataract of Niagara in flames. Niagara and Vesuvius do not vex themselves about us : the Poles and Polynesia get on very well without our help. So will not Ireland. Let us mind our own affairs. 