priesthood Continued from our last.) ine nexL step in the inciuiry is, can we ascertain what tho Apostles themselves thought WIS the meaning of the avorrls ? s there any thing 111 tho manner in .which they aeted and spoke which throws light upon their own opinion of the nature of theii- commission V Did they act and speak as men who felt themselves invested with judicial power over the persons of their fellow- men, or did they act and speak as «eii who felt that they had an infallible gift to wach what was true to their fellow-men ? Wliich wuulu you say, irom a knowleclge of the Acts of the Apostles and the Epistles ? Which was then- manner of treatment ? (1.) lake the very first scene, when the Apostle Peter had the keys given to him to open the Gospel to the Jews. It was on tho day of pr«'iel»ed the Word, multitudes ere piieked to the heart, and cried out, " Men and brethren, what .sh.all we do ?" What did ho say ? Did he address tlnwo sin-stricken crcatnres as a man )f)ssi!?aing power to forgive sin » 'J'herc is no tr.ace of it. AVhat did he do, j tiion ? Ho proaohcd the (.foapel — ho proclaimed the salvation by .IcsuH Christ. He said, " Re pent, amnio haptlEed, every one of you, in the name of .lesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and ye shall-rccoive the gifi of the Holy Ghost." Aiid when he usec the other key, when by a vision .from lioavou he was directed to the house 'of a Gentile, and found Cornelius waiting for hiiD, there was a case for exorcising the full fii'iotions of his olHce, Here was the case of a sinner desiring to know the w.ay of salvation according to the will of God. What, then, did the Apostlo do ? Ho did what we allege the Lord desiroii him. He proclaimed the truth. He preached Jesus, and said, " To liim give all the prophets witness that, through his name, whosoever believoth in Hiin shall receive, re mission of sins." Now, I ask any fair inqnifer, is_ there any ti'ace on these, two occasions in the histmy of St. Peter — is there tho slighest intim.ation of his having felt that ho possosped what is now claimed as priestly power 2 He acted as if he possessed what we claim from the words, infallible inspiration to tell tho truth. He acted like a man who felt that. But if ho felt that he had tho other powei;, he strangely concealed it, and has loft us no trace of it in his history. Some will say, " Do you forget Ananias ? is not that a trtice I But what is it a trace of ? Look at it. Ananias sold his pos sessions, and kept hack part of tho price, afid" laid down tho other part as if -it had hcoii the whole, at tho Apostle's feet. Peter saw through the cheat. Exercising that gift of the Holy Ghost, the disceriinient of spirits, he saw what _ Ananias had done. And what did he do ? He spoke to him. He spoke the truth. He said, " Ananias, why has Satan filled thine heart to Ho to the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price of the land ? Thou hast not lied iinto men, hut unto God." Peter did not s'ti-ike Ananias down. It was tho finger of God that struck him down. All that Peter did. was to speak.' Here was no confession. Here was no refusal of absolution. Here was tbe detection of a lij'pocritc, followed by the inmiediate judginont from the Almighty. Contrast this with Peter's conduct with refer ence to another part of his commission. I told you that our Lord said to the Apostles when they were, to go forth, tlicy wci-e to heal thei sick, to cleanse tiic leper, to raise ths dead, to' work miracles. Well, now, let ns see how they understand that part of the commission. Peter and John found as they wore going into the" temple one afternoon a man that was lame from his mother's womb. The man, who was forty years of age, lay at the gate of tlje temple begging alms. AVhpp Peter and John were going past him ho bogged an alms, and Peter looking at liim said — " Look onus." He looked, expecting to go somotbing. Then Peter said, " Silver and gold have I none, but what I have I give it unto thee," What 1 have! AVliatha'd he ? " III the name of Jesns Christ of Nazareth, rise and walk." Tbe jiowcr of working miracles ho had in liiin. Ho committed himself before all. for be lifted the cripple by his band, and iminodiately bis feet and ankle bones reoeivod strength, and ho leaped and walked, and praised God. Here then Peter acted as a man who knew he had the jiower to work miracles, but he never acted as a man who know that he had the power to forgive sins. (2.) And now look at the case of St. Paul. When the words under examination were ad dressed to the Apostles, P.aul was not an Ajiostle. At th.at time ho was a persecutor. When he was ohaiiged from lieing a persecutor, and made an Apostle, ho received his commis sion from the same Divine source. -'Was the commission given to St. Paul identical in mean ing with that whicli had been given to tho other Apostles heforo, or .was it diverse ? If diverse, Avhcre is tho unity of the commission — where is the unity of the Church ? If identical, then wo have in it the giund advantage of what may be called another version given by the Lord Him self, of the commission that He had given to tho Apostlcs._ If any of my reverend brethren who wholly disagree with ns on this gi'cat question "should happen to be in this meeting, I most earnestly _ and aH'cctionatoly beg his attention, and ask him to look at the commission given to St. Paul. Here it is : — Jesus said to bim, "Rise, and st.and upon thy feet, for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in which I will appear unto thoe : delivering thee from the jieoiile, and from the Goiitilcs, unto whom now I send thee, to open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance aniongst them which arc sanctified by faitli that is in me." And what interpreta tion did the Apostle put upon these words ? How did he proceed to fulSl his commission ? He said, " Wlioreupou, 0 King Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision : hut showed first unto them of Damascus, and at J erusalem, and throughout all tho coasts of Ju'dea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance." Thus, in proclaiming the tnith he was doing what ho understood himself to be desired to do. Ho was rendering what ho him self considered ohodionGe to the heavenly vis- ipb Here is no mention of Priesthood, no figurative language which can he misconstrued into any meaning of .Priesthood. Here is no mention of binding or loosing, retaining or re mitting. On the contrary, all here corresponds with pur interpretation of our Lord's words to the other Apostles. St. Paul was constituted a minister and a witness, but not a priest. If the two commissions be not identical in meaning, St. lauls was gi'ievously defective — yet he was not pelinid tho chiefest of the Apostles : if they he Identical, there is nothing of Priesthood in either. But, glassing from the commission to the naiuiatry of St. Paul, our opponouts in this argu ment miko inuch of his treatment of the in cestuous Lormthian, as supplying an instance of that priestly authority to forgive sins, the ex- .istcnce of which we. deny. Now, my friends, I beg your attention to this case. It was a case of great scandal in the Church of Corinth. A professed believer in Ghristiauity had been guilty qf a sin which was abhorrent even to the natural conscience of the heathen. What were they to do with this man ? Tiie Apostle was absent. They wrote to him, asking his advice in tlie matter, inquiring what they were to do with this oftender. He stated in reply what they were to do, and very strong was his language, commanding them to separate the offender from their company. His language was, " I verily, as absent in body, but present in S2)irit, have judged already, as though I were present, ooncoriiing him that hath so done this deed. In tho name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye jti-e gathered tother, and my spirit, with tho power of our Lord .Jesus Christ, to (Icliver such an one imto Satan for the destruc tion of the flesh, that the spii'it may bo saved in the day of the Lord Jesus." And after a few words of warning, ho winds up by saying, "Therefore, jnit away from uvwny yourselves that wicked iioraon. " The separation from the Church was the jmuishmeiit. The language will ho explained if yon bear in mind that the Aiiostle divided man- Idnd into two classes — the Church and the world, and that lie describes the world as gov erned by the devil. Satan he calls the God of this world, the prince of the poaver of the air. To cast a man out of tho Church was to cast him back into the power of Satan ; and this was the meaning of the language he used, " put away from among yourselves this wicked per son." That was done. The punishment was inflicted by tho Church iqion the offender and jienitenco followed. A fresh jicrplexity then arose in the Church, as to what they were to do. Were they to receive him back, or was his of fence to be considered irretrievable. Again the Aiiostle wrote, "sufficient to such a man is this Xninishment, which was inflicted of many. So that contrarawise ye ought i-ather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest jjerhaps such a one , should he swallowed up with overmuch sorrow. Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love towards hiiii. Eor to this end also did I write, that I might know tho jiroof of you, whether ye be obedient in all things. To whom ye forgive anything, I forgive also j for if I for gave anything, to ivhoin I forgave it, fi r your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ.'' As if the Ajjoatle had said. You wrote to mo when he was an offender. I told you to put him away for his good. You have inflicted a iiunisli- ment upon him — iujlicted by many, not by nie as jiriest, but by the whole Cimroli. That has brought him' to his senses. And now he re pents. And you ask what are you to do ? 0, receive him back, and forgive hi in. That there was nothing of auricular confession by 8t. Paul — -tiiat there was nothing of absolution by St. Paul — tliat tbere was nothing of what is com monly c.alled priesthood in tho case, is proved by tbe siuqfie fact that the occurrence from first to last took iilaco in tho city of Corinth, and that Paul was in Macedonia. Ho wrote from Philqijii. I must further observe, under this head, that the Ajiostles never c.alied themselves priests. Neither is. this because they arc altogether re ticent concerning themselves and theii- office. St. Peter called himself an elder; St. John twice called himself the eider, and ho describes bis ollice as tliafc of a herald. " 'i?hat which wq have seen and hoa' d, declare we unto you, that yo also may have fellowshiji with us ; and truly our fellowship is with the Pather, and with his Son Jesus Christ." Here was the highest achievemoot of tho glorious Gosjiel in the sim- jilest way pronounced. " That which we have heard, declare we unto you, that yc also may have fellowshqj is udth us, and truly our felliiwship is with the Pather, and with his Son Jesus Chriit." St. Paul describes his ofiico as that of an ambassador for Christ, and he glories as the climax of the grace given to him in his -privilege that he should bo a iireachor among the Gentiles of the unsearchable riches of Christ. Bub some one may remind me. Does not St. Paul call himself a steward of the mys teries of God'? He docs. "Let a man so ac count of us, as of the ministers of Christ, and stewards of the mysteries of God." And now, brethren, what are tho mysteries of God of which tho Apostle was a steward? There are six tilings wliich St. Paul calls mysteries. The first is tho incarnation, .the mystery of godliness, called also the mystery of God. The second is the gi-eat apostacy, the mystery of iniquity. The third is the union of Ciirist, the mystery of marriage, whi Ji is a great mystery. The fourth is the nnion of the Jew and the Gentile in one body, a mystery concealed for ages and genera tions, but now made known, that tho Gentiles should he fellow-being and of the"same body. The fifth is the mystery of the final restoration of the Jews. "I would not, hrethren, that ye should be ignorant of' this mystery, but ye should be wise in your own conceits ; that bfind- ness in part is happened to Israel, until the ful ness of the Gentiles be come in. And so ail Israel shall he saved." The sixth is the resur rection of the body. "Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall aU qe changed.". To these six things the -Apos tle applies the word " mystery and it de serves your careful attention and your oonstivnt remembrance that tbe word ' ' mystery " is never ones in the Bible applied to cither Bapt ism or the Lord's Supper. Outward and visible signs were designed to simplify, not to mystify ; to explain, not to conceal, inward and spiritual realities. I said that in no instance recorded in the New Testament does any one of the Apostles call himself a priest. If they had such an office as that which is now claimed for them, and for others through them, they were either negligent or culpably modest in hiding their divine claim. This is a ease in which an argument may be legitimately based on silence ; for bad thoh- priest hood been their special boast and gloi-y — had it been the special characteristic of their mission, on which they laid the greatest stress — it is ab solutely incredible, because it is morally impos sible, that none of them should ever have made mention of it, as exercised either by himself or by any of his colleagues ? Would it not be morally impossible for the reverend brethren to whom I have alluded very respectfully, and, I hope, without giving tliom any offenco, — would it not he morally iinpossihlc for them to give np tho pride of what is oxultingly called Catholic truth, and speak of thumsclvcs as fiiinistcrs of Christ Jesns, without tiio slightest refereiico to priesthood ? They could not do it. But this is made the more remarkable because one of the Apostles, ill ajiiiointing successors to liimsclf in tile Christian inini.stry by laying on of bands I .and prayer, and giving thoin instructions bow to liehavc tiiciiisclvc.s in the house of God, — the Ciiurch, the pillar and ground of truth, lias en tirely forgotten tlic cliiofest of all their func tions, so as not to make the least allusion to it. He charges them to give .attention to reading, to exhortation, to reiirovc, rebuke, exhort with all long-suil'oring and doctrine, to do tho work of evangelists ; to make full proof of their mi nistry. But there is not a avord about priest hood. Alas ! alas ! for Timothy and Titus. With how small a measure of Catholic truth were tlicy entrusted ! There was no priesthood in their case. No ; but tlioro was the xiroach- iug of the grace of God, through the true and only true Priest, Jesus Christ. On these grounds ave feel justified in main taining that the meaning of onr Lord's commis sion to tho Ajiostles avas, not that they avere to ho judges to deal avith persons, and forgive or condemn, but that they averc to he infallible teachers of truth, declaring who arc forgiven and avho arc not forgiven, binding faith and .salvation to)ffcthcr on earth, and loosing unbelief from salvation on earth as God has done in heaven. The claim, then, avhich the jiriests of the Church of' Rome make, to avhich I have already alluded, and ivhich some of our brethren make, not only is a claim avhich the Apostles did not make, — not only did they not practice it, — but they did practise that which was incoasia- tont avith it. There is no trace of it in the his tory of the Primitive Gluirch. There is no allu sion to it in the early councils of the Church. It avas the offspring of sacerdotal pride and arro gance, jmt forth in the dark agss. England i'eughb against it long,' and at last throw it off. Is it now to be introduced amongst us ? To be conlinucd.) 