, ?', CRICKET GOSSIP. ! ??' V: .-:. ? ? ; ; -?' .ByBat. .. . ???:?? ? ?. | ; The uncertainty of the dates of our an nual intercolonial matches with New South Wales and Tasiriania has rendered it adf visable for the secretaries to make no; ar^ rangement on the programme of matches be yond Boxing Day, the date fixed for the commencement ?? of the Intercolonial Unir versity cricket niatch ; but no doubt bef fore the end of the year has passed away the news will hsve conie to hand which will, de termine the completion.of the list of matches; Although the number of good matches on the present list- is by no means numerous, ii is cpnfideritly antcipated. that they will be productive of some excellent cricket, asaiji additional stimulus will be: infused into the game by the keen rivalry which the compef tition for the challenge cup is certain' to en^ gender, and the playing but of the matches will have beneficial effects as regards 'the patronage of the public,, who have during past seasons become disgusted- with the' tin punctuality attending the commencement of matches, and their invariably unsatisfactory terriiinatioh, viz., the draw. With the two intercolonial matches, the Intercolonial Uni versity arid Challenge Cup matches, it may be safely prognosticated that the cricket season for 1870-71 will be an unusually brilliant one. Before' the actual bustle of the campaign begins it may be interesting to examine the strength of the principal clubs, with a view of throwing some light on what may be their 'positions during the present season. The M.C.C., always.' the most formidable club, will not be quite as 7 efficiently represented in i;ne neia as niwienio. Since last season they have suffered some heavy losses, arid among them two' of the very best cricketers who ever handled a bat en behalf of 'the clubl I aljude tp Gordori and. ilullagh ; the foriner has left the colony1, and the latter, almost everyone is aware, was . placed hors de combat by a seyerb stroke of illness from which it is likely, hp will never sufficiently recover to take an ac tive part in the game again. The senior , olub too will miss that steady old bat and wicket keeper Gibson, who, it is; said, will do battle exclusively on behalf ; of, Carlton. Then again, useful little Christie andGuzens the aboriginal will no longer help to swell the total of the M.C.C. Mortimer, of Rich mond celebrity, it is true, will lend1 them his aid, and perhaps : the 'recently arrived Surrey great gun, F. P. Miller, will assist them rduring his stay in thecolony ; but will the presence of these two cricketers iri the teain of pur leading club compensate ijor th;e loss .ef /five good menj oomprising such a formidable trio as Gordon, Mullagb, an;d Gibson ? ? I thinknot; . I trust I may not be deemed top coloriial in instituting the above comparison ; but. I. can't help thinking oi|r \asitor is ? not up to his old famous form. Even /with the abpyementioned loss I think, the .prouuer c!ub.. will during the present season fiill y maintain th?jf ? accustomed bu ,1 ? ; ; ; ' i ,? »premacyj - The East Melbourne, I fear^ iwjill not offer this season, as bold a front as,fpr meriy, since the loss of Gaggin andD. Camp bell, tvyo of her most renowned players, will prove a serious drawback. These 'players were such undeniably good ones that their ; places will be ; difficult :-.; -t to ...-,'jfill with any. degree; of efficiency, More over, their importance in the,, structure of the team is so 'great, that, ?? if their duties were taken* by abler men, they could not ' harmonise with the rest of the eleven like the absentees who have, as it were,fgrpwn ^ up in the ranks of the East Melbourrie Club. Another 'great blow will be felt by 'the East Melbourne Club should W. Campbell .decide on caatirig his lot w,ith ^thja , M., ',C.'( C- in the matchesfor the cup. Ifcis to bb* hppedMaster WilHe ^ill be true to his old love, so that the strength of. the. two clubs ,, may, be jiividedas much as possible,' This club has received, a' good many new players into' its ranks pf late, but the best of themwilibe found in,Heather,parke, Rose, and M'Phesr son. ,' The,fbrmer is a good bat, but riot very renaarkable for his fielding'Tr-except f or its in differerice ; but as an, excuse it may, be said , he learned the science of fielding.iri a quarter where mediocrity in this branch.of the game reigns supreme, Of course, I allude £o ?South———/ . Well, never , inind ! / We won't. Of Rose, much is expected, I think rather too much, and from M'Pherson not much; but it .would not surprise me in .the. least : to see the , last named piayer come, out; strong in tnex opwl ing.;.. department, for it , must be remem bered he is an Intercoloniaf man. '? Taking all things into consideration, the -club, will have itSjWprk cut out which intends to de prive East Melbourne of second rank. ,;The South Mpibourne Club, the . next on the Ust, will as regards players be not much better bfi than last year, but it is expected that1 now -they have a turf to practise. on a great improvement will be visible among them bo*;h in batting and fielding. Had it, riot been for the miserable support: their excel lent bowling received in the field last year j.t is more , than probable ? that they, would. : now occupy ;place number. two instead of number three ; however, as their intention is good their future will no doubt be marked Joyiiri- proyement. r We shall see. ; The Ballarat Cricket Club, though not quite, so success iul lapt season as in the previous one, will this year be heard of, since the engagement of Cpsstick .as their professional bowler , will assist them greatly. They have lost Gay and Huddlestpn, rbut Sam's, coaching and assistance sin .matches will Bupply that loss. If: .there is._any cricket in the BaJla^at , Club , besides . the, .already established . .. names, it will be, brought to light, for Cosstick's/uri erring pownng win Keep tnem. ousy/in ioo#. ing after the perpendicular of their stumps. Tne. cricketers from the golden gity will now be an excellenfc match for any of oiir- three principal, plubs,: and when they make their metropolitan cricketing tour this season they will retrieve the laurels they lost when they were opposed to the Melbourne and other clubs. Carlton will not receive many ...re cruits, unless Hotham may furnish a few pf her best.. Carlton is however like the Soutii Melbourne, that is to say,, they have ? abundance of material whiph only wants licking into shape. Though the natty longstop, Bishop, I do. not think their progress will be, as great as last year. ? This club was very foolish and shojjt sighted.in declining to, play fpr the chal lenge cup, as they wjll find all the interest of the public will be centred in the compe titions for the cup. The arrant bosh th^ir secretary indulged in when asked to contri bute to the challenge cup was ridiculous in the extreme. This sage individual says, 'the time has not arrived for a challenge cup.' Now, I- would like to ask him, w^io made him ;a sage, and a prophet amongst cricketers! I suppose' he dates all /his, au thority and knowledge of the game from that tremendous score of his against Rich mond, in ; which he ' ' never gave the ghost of a chance.' In his opinion, rip doubt, the ?time would '? arrive for the offering of/ a trophy when Cariton were able to polish off all comers. I am afraid that it will not' be through such liberal views aa are propounded by gentlemen of his stamp that Carlton will arrive at such; a desirable position! How ever, the club has my/best, wishes ;may? it prosper, in spite of .the contrary spirit mani fested by spme of its members. ,Why this olub ha3 overlooked . - that universally esteemed cricketer, B, James, in its choice of secretary, ; I am at .? a loss', to imagine. Geelpng will be stirring this season. They appear conspicuously on the programme, having matches with the . principal clubs ; Robertson plays with them ; but where will they be without Wills, who will have to play for his club for. the cup ? Rose, too, has left them, and will this season 'appear in. the Eastplelbourne. Cricket in all the otlier clubs is looking up, particularly in the neighborhoods of Fitzroy and Hotham ; thipgs are Rooking up too in Malvern, where they can send two teams of , sixteen and eighteen respectively into the field on one day. It will be found in the list ,'of engagements for the day that they play two teams, one against .Oarltonj arid one against East Melbourne. .. .'.-'??? Jj 