THEATRE ROYAL. MRS. BANDMANN AS OPHELIA. Mr. Bandmann's Hamlet was so completely before the public during his previous engage- ment that it is not necessary now to say more than that he played the part last night some- thing less carefully than might have been ex- pected of him. Mrs. Bandmann's Ophelia shows a con- scientious attention to the generally acknow- ledged particulars which go to mako up the character, as it is known by means of stage-representation. It is not touching, nor striking, nor in any way strongly impres- sive. Mrs. Bandmann does not essay any novel interpretation, nor attempt to develope any possibly latent attribute. She pursues the beaten track which others have trodden before her. Her best scene was at her final exit, during which she adopted the idea origi- nated, so far as the Victorian stage is con- cerned, by the late Miss Helen Mortyn of seeming for a moment to recognise her brother. It will be remembered by those whose recollection carries them back a dozen years, what an almost electrical sensation Miss Mortyn used to create by the skilful employment of this means of in- tensifying the situation. Mrs. Bandmann did not electrify the audience last night, but she at any late, satisfied them of her intelligent perception of what is requisite to render the character specially engrossing. Of the King of Mr. Ireland, the Ghost of Mr. Harwood, the Polonius of Mr. Rogers, the First Gravedigger of Mr. Greville, and the First Actor of Mr. Warde, it is need- less to speak. They are all distinguished in their several ways by a high degree of merit. The Queen of Miss Juno is less known, but t should be better known from this time forward. Mr. Appleton's Laertes is not entirely unknown, and it de serves to be known better. Mr. G. Leopold played Horatio for the first time as to this stage, and played it extremely creditably. If Mr. Leopold has given up pantomime and ballet for regular business, he has evidently good reason for doing so. He may not be immediately as eminent in comedy and tragedy as he has been in terpsi choreanism, but he promises well so to be. Mr. Hall makes a lumbering Osric, but Miss Kate Douglas is to be complimented for her "Actress," and Mr. Sefton, in the almost supernumerary part of Fortinbras, deserves as many praises as there are words in the lines he speaks. The scenery employed was, as might be supposed, of the stock description, but if the properties could possibly be made to include a lamp of the Hamlet period, and not a red kerosene contrivance, suggesting a label of "Very cheap, only 4s. 11d." the effect might be increased. The houso was of the meagre description, the dress circle being particularly bare of occupants. ____________ 