SERMONS AND MEDIAVAL CHURCII-tGOING. In a review of Mr. Jeaflreson'. work, entitled "A Book about the Clergy," the Spectator eaye:- Beginning with the written sermons which were so obnoxious to the Puritans, and whibch were called " bosom sermons," from being taken out of the bosom folds of the clergyman's gown when hlie entered the pulpit, we are led through a full account of the ancient discourses. The Puritans thought written sermons betokened indolenoe, but they held above all that a esacred orator should speak with the immediate inspira tion of the Holy Ghost. When Bishop Bull, as a young man, was ofllieifing a a minister near Bristol, lihe dropped tile notes of his sermon, and the congregation thinking hlie was preaching from a book, exulted at the prospect of his not being able to continue. But he silenced their laughter by a burst of unstudied eloquence whilch showed tllat he had no cause to rely on his manuscript. in thlose days the audienceo did not preserve its present discreet silence. "If a sermon was popular it weas greeted with a humming," that is, with "a monotonous purring noise made by reneating very rapidly ii n an undertone the words, ' Iear, hear, hIear.'" \Ve May remember Sydney Smith's deseriltilon of the embarrassment caused him by a similar sound proceeding from Lord Dudley and Ward during one of his sermons. Yet the early English congregations did not conine them selrves to expressions of approval. If a sermon gave offence there was at Girst on ominous silence, and tIhen camne inirticulate groans. Thus public opinion could be brought summarily to bear, instead of venting its disentiehaction out in the street, where the unfavrour able criticisms rarely come in their native rigour to the preacher's ears. The comparative infrequency of sermons rendered them naturally more elaborate, and gave them a greater eignificonce, than is thle case at present. We are told that Henry VIII. considered four sermons a year enough for a congregation. [O si sic lodil!--Q. .] Our modern Sunday seerrices add exactly a hundred to the number. An unwritten etiquette requires every perish clergyman topreachl morning and afternoon, while some have a further sermon ill the evening, and we remember one pastelor who preached every saint's day to thie village school hebildren and his own family. Mr. Jeaffreson showe that in Henry VIII.'s time many preachers exceeded the required number, but there must be clergymen now who would be glad if the present number were to be dimninished. [And laymen too we should ay,. q. T.3 Another subject on which we find some curious details is the gradual growth of the pew sysatem. l'Pews do not appear to ihave existcd before the Rteformation. There were few of them in thie churches of London during the reign of Henry VIII., and Sir Thomaas More protested against those which were to be found there. Under Elizabethl they were generally intro dueed, though there were coitenlions and eveon riots about them nas late as the time of Chmrles i. It may be said thatl tile pew system was an improvement oni the state of thinge which preceded it, when tile body of thei church was a lounge for thile idle and thIe lovers of gonssip, oe was used at certain times for a fair or market. Wo quote MAr. Jelir.eson's description of the manners oh a feudal congregation:--"One bad result of the ancient social use of thie Christian tempile gs tbhe air of irrevrellt familiarity ile t dialinguished the medijail Church assemblies during Divine ser vice. On such occasions the public quarter weas never without a due complement or frequenters, but their dress and conduct were such that the spectators whose religious proclivities were ill the direction of Lollardy hlad cause to disapprove thle lightness and inquietude of the gossipping throng. The women donned their brightest attire ere they set out for church on sacred days ; and on entering theplace of worship they often showed that their presence in the house of prayer weas quite as much due to love of the world as to de light in holy thoughts. Having duly crossed them selves half-a-socre times, knelt on the bare floor for ten minutes, and muttered a few prayers to the rood, they deemed themselves at liberty to look about for thelir admirers and prattle to their acquaintance. The ladies of superior degree very often had pet sparrow hawks perched on their wrists anid toy hounds follow ing close at their heels. The case wase the same sith thie men, who having walked to church on the look out for wild birds and four-legged game, brought their hounds and falcons into the sacred edifice-where the chants of the choir and rolling melodies of thle organ were often marred by thie barkiog of d6gs, the jang ling of hawk-bells, and the screams of children terri led by the noise of savage mastiffs. And while this riot was going on in tile nave, the priests in tile quire or chancel would put their heads together and gossip about the latest seaidales of their chapter or of the neighbourhood, make engagements for pleasure meet ings after service, and exchange opinions on the newest afrairs of pouitics." 