FRDAY, MAROII 26. Boforo tho polico-mogistrato nod lttr. Lovy. Aloxondor Mo Innos was ohhargdo with child-do nortion. Complainant not appoaring, tho caso waa die rissoed. Honry Junot Slavon, romanded on a churge of stealing wearing-apparel thu property of Feaunin IKEofe, was again brought up. Constablo SIoylan produced a vest which ha maid had boon given to him by Francis Kefol the day be forn he arrested prisonaer. Hliohaol Drew deposed: I am a farmer living at Gurrundah; I have known prisoner for the last twoiva months; my brother gave ma the vest pro dsced on the 11th instant; he pioklod it up at fluma's Crank, about four miles from liurrundah end about two miles from Keofa's rasidenca; whon rid ing with my brother from Gullon pound I saw pris oner walking about forty yards in front of us; ho tonic thn vest off a blue blanket he had and plaed it at the butt of a tree; the vest was afterwards cldimed by Franeis Kesfo and I gave it to him. James Drew deposed: I was riding with my brother on thl 1tth instant, and saw prisoner walls ing on thu road a short distance before us; ha turned into the bush and hid a parcel at the butt of a tree; he joinod my brother and myself, and I loft them to gao aftor a horse and afterwards pinlked up thu parcel; ahb vest now produced is what I picked up; I gao· it to my brother; young leofrornan was riding about fifty yards from prisoner when I saw him plant thl parcel. 'risoecr anid he never snw tOe veat octoro, nac that he was talking to Hoffornan when the Drews camo up. Prisoner was convictcd of being unlawfully in possession of the vest and sent to gaol for three months; at the expiration of that time, if not in constant employment, to be dealt with under the In dustrial Sotools Act. Gou.Lenuo VoLuNTeen RIxES.--A meeting of the Goulburn Volunteer Rifs Company, convened by the captain, was held at the court-house on Thursday evening. Owing to the heavy rain falling the attendance was small. The result of the moeting was the nomination by the company of Private E. H. S. Arnhoim as lieutenant, vice C. S. Aloxondor, re signed; and of Sergeant Denis Cleary as onsign, vice H. I. mst, reelgned.-Tho scores of the members of the company who have been successful in shooting for the markcmn's badge may net be without inter eat to those who taler an interest in volunteer mat ters. It may be mentioned that not one-half of the company have entered for the museletry practice, now proceeding under Sergeant Tideswell. It should be explained that the shooting extends over what are called two "periods," at the crst of which 30 points and at the last 20 points most be scored out of twenty shots, to entitle the competitor to the marces man's badge. The first period includes 400, 000, 050, and 000 yards the second, 350, 700, 760, and 800 yards. Corporal Illelashaw, still maintaining the position gained last year as the best shot in the company, made at the firt period 50 points, at the second, 30. Private Clogg, 03 and 30. Then follow Sergeant J. Cleary, 47 end 25; IDuglor Sproulo, 37 ned 33; Sergeant D. Cleary, 30 and 260; and Private XV. Dignam, 37 and 2.1. POSTAL NoTvOce-Tho following letter has been ,received in town from the general post-efitce, and its contents may he of service to some of our readers: -" The only charge made for transmission of letters for the States, &o.;, by the now roete is ld. per 0 oz., and ld. each for newspapers." Weo are not aware what will be the ehargo on delivery, but.the above will securu correspondenceo being sent to San Fran cisco° where arrangements oill be made to forward Iit. IJ'MPORTANT TO i'nlEE-ELEOTOIT .-U.n Thursday Mr. Alexander, the local crown lands agent, was on gaged from ton a.m. to soeven p.m. in receiving and entering interest, instalments, &c.;, on free-selections under the now regulations. It may not be generally known that Mr. Alexander receives these payments on any day as well as on land days in order to pro vent inconvenience. DEATH FROM AN OVERDOSE OF OPIUM.-Dr. Edwin Oldham, who for some years resided with the Messrs. Cooper of Willeroo, died suddenly on Wednesday. Dr. Oldham was well known throughout the neigh- bourhood of Lake George; and on first coming to the neighbourhood he practised the medical pro- fession at Collector; but since going to the Messrs. Cooper's he ceased to cultivate a practice, though we believe his services were often made use of by those who stood in need of professional attendance. The coroner, Dr. Waugh, held an inquest yesterday on the body, when it appeared that the deceased was thirty- nine years of age and addicted to intem perate habits, often drinking for a week or two at a time. He was in the habit of taking opium. He had been drinking to excess for ten days previous to his death, and on the 22nd and 23rd was suffering from delirium tremens. On the latter named day he took an overdose of opium and mentioned the fact that he had done so. An emetic was administered which acted freely, and de ceased was kept walking about and his head was bathed with cold water, but he died about six o'clock.—Dr. Hayley deposed that he had made a post-mortem examination of the body and believed that death resulted from the effects of an overdose of opium. The jury returned a verdict that the de ceased died from the effect of an overdose of opium, taken while under the influence of delirium tremens. WESLEYAN TEA- MEETING.-It has boon arranged that the "Wesleyan tea-meeting intended to have boon hold on Wednesday last and afterwards on next Thursday shall take place on the evening of Wednesday next, the 30th instant. IocMAN CATHOLIe.-NOWS receivcd hero by last European mail states that the Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. Lanigan, is ill with fever in Rome; and prayers for his recovery were offered up. in the church yesterday. MUSIcAL AND BURLESQUE ENTEKTAINMENTS. The Nonpareil Star Company, consisting of eight performers, announce that they will give throe of their musical and burlesque entertainments in the mechanics' institute next week, commencing on Tu'esday evening. DlsAsIATrI AND IMUSIoAL ENTERTAINMENT. - A dramatio, musical, and literary entertainment will be given in the hall of the mechanics' institute on Mon day evening, in aid of the oddfollowa' building fund. The programme comprises the two-act drama of the Olhimney Corneor, the farce of Turn Him Out, and several favourite songs and recitations. AccsIcNr.-On Thursday morning shortly after the 9 a.m. train had luft Sydney, the fireman had oc casion to be working on the tender with his faco towards Sydney, and was not thinking of or notice ing the tunnel which was close at hand. However, as the engine passed under, his head came in contact with the edge of the brickwork, the concussion throwing him with great violence on the coals, the result being several severe wounds about the head and face. As soon as the train arrived in Goulburn thi man was attended to by Dr. Perry, and had his wounds dressed. INsOLVENCY.--In Sydney on Wednesday before the chief commissioner a mooting was called on in the estate of the Currawang Copper Mining Com pany, Limited, but no debts wore proved. ROAD- ENGINEs.-Our Dalby contemporary says that one of Thompson's road traotion- ongines has boon imported into Queensland by Mr. G. E. Dal rymplo. We learn that two others may shortly be expected to arrive, when one of them will traveorseo the road to the Warrego, being intended to carry loading between the stations to the westward and the Dalby terminus. It is expected that there will now be no necessity for the construction of the cheap railway to Rome, as the now road-engine is able to travel either in wet weather or during drought, and go at the rate of ton or twelvo miles an hour. [This rate of speed and the possibility of the engine travelling over Australian country roads are both extremely doubtful.] BOIL:Dn AL.IOo,'rOI.-A Port Darwin letter to tho South Australian Rlogistcr remarks:-I omitted in my last to inform' you ol a now dish we had for sup per one evening, and which some seem to fancy will some day become Is favourite dlisthwith opiclures in" the northelrn territory, viz., boiled alligator. Several imiadi a-hearty inul off it; but it was only by shut ting eyes and oudeavouriug to forgot what was being eaton that I managed my share. Emu, kangnroo, buffalo, and wator-rats, when one is very hungry, are not to he dotpisoed; but I nover beforo tried alli. gator, and think it will hb a long time before I von taro it again. MELANCHOLY SERIES OF DISASTERS AT MURRUM- BATEMAN.-On Thursday night last, a barn near tho residence of Mr. Harry Callnan, near tMurrumbate man, was discovered to be on firo, and before any . stops could be taken to oxtinguish tho conflagration, or even to save a single bushel of wheat, its whole contents weoro destroyed. By this sad accident a" hundred bushols of wheat were destroyed, being the wholo of Oallnan's this season's crop. On the follow ing Sunday (day before yesterday), the poor fellow, as he was out riding after horses, was thrown against a tree, breaking his arm in throo placos, causing con cussion to tho brain, and otherwiso receiving severe injuries. Dr. O'Connor was immediately sent for, but was unable, on arriving, to do more than set the broken arm. Callnan never spoke after thoaccidont, and died yesterday foronoon'. The inquest will pro bably be hold this afternoon. Tho unfortunate man, who was well liked in the district, had only boon married two years.-On the same day another person near Mundoonan was thrown from his horse and severely injured. Dr. O'Connor entertains hopes of his Boeody recovery.-Yass Courior. THE PmIce or BIEAD IN YAss.--It now appoars that the bakers have not advanced the price of the 2-lb. loaf to dd. One of the bakers accidently charged 5d. on three occasions; hence the supposition that an advance in price had taken place.-Yass Courier. Taooraes AS CLERKS OP PETTY-SESSIONS.-The W Wagga Wagga Advertiser says :-Under the Mator , ' and Servants' Act dlerks of potty-sessions are au thorised (as they ought to be in all cases) to issue summonses; and at a station in this district some ton days ago, such summonses were issued by one of the policemen newly apppointed to act as clerk of petty sessions. On the day named for the hearing of the cases there was not a magistrate in attendance; and the zealous officer performing the duties of clerk of potty- sessions, elate with all his budding honours thick upon him and determined to convince the world that men armed with a little brief authority will play fantastic tricks, magisterially took posses lion of the bench, called on the cases, and in the most formal manner, "adjourned them for further hearing." Ta~a?hooroA.-Thursday.-After a stoppage of eix weeks, during which time extensive repairs were .undergone by the Victoria machine, crushing woa resumed on the let instant. John Attwood, 80&r; tons, yielded 307oz. 13dwts.; Porter and lams thorn, 114 tons, yielded 657 oz. 10 dwts. A crnshing of 200 tone, for James Brown, was commenced to day.-Teoegram to S. 1s. Herald. AN ENon.amrs KANoenoo e ILLED.--Mr. Thomas Mo Donald, of Duramana, killed, on Sunday lost, on the road at the back of Shount Rankon, about six. miles from Bathurst, one of the largest Ikangaroos that has over been seon ils this district. Mr. Mc Donald wee accompanied by two doge, and shortly after being sighted, the "old man" was brought to bay. There was no heavy timber in the immediate vicinity of the spot, so that the veteran of the forest was unable to obtain any baek support in the shape of a large tree, and was placed rather at a disadvau tlge when attached by his canine opponents. Ho defended himself with great obstinacy, however, and it was not until he had boon brought to earth twelve times that he "gave up the ghost." During the attack, ir. Seo Donald stood close at hand with a loaded gun ready to despatch the keangaroo in thu event of either of the dogs being seized; but owing to the wideness with which they both fought, they did not sustain a single scratch. Upon being measured, the animal was found to be over seven feeto in length, and it is estimated that it weighed up wards of two ct. The tail alone, when out off, measured four feet three inches in length, by twenty four inches in circumfereneo at the thickest part, and its weight was 24 lb.--Bathurst Times. ceHneoenas.aV-ednceday, 2 p.m.-Mr. Smith, of Lyster's Opera Company, is a passenger by the steamer tangatira, to make the necessary arrange ments for the commencement of the opera season in Sydney, on astor Monday.-Thero is an advancing tendency in the price ofwheat.--Wodocsday, 3 p.m. -In the Legislative Assembly, last night, Mir. hIac phorson intimated that they were preparing a very comprehensive plan for the reduction of the civil service expenditure; but hs decidedly refused to alter the present estimates whatever should be the result. The debate on the financial statement has boon adjourned.-Tho Darling Annuity Bill has been read a second time.--Mr. Cope, S.L.A., has boon exone rated by the committee from the charges made against him by W~ilson.--Themes Draper has beon committed for embezzling £1090, trust moneys. Rain is threatoning-The packages of Professor lamgeo'e preserved meats, received by H.lIS. Gee long, wore opened to-day, and nearly all turned out bad.-Thursday.--Mr. William Porter was the suc ceseful tenderer for the first section of the railways, flfty-six miles at £293,t00.-.Two soldiers swam hknl a mile ashore from the Walmer Castle, but were cap tured and sent back. A third is supposed to have been drowned.-Parliamont is discussing Mr. Mo treger's motion, that the estimates be taken back and the expenditure brought within the income. The motion is likely to be carried, and the ministry will resign.--Tho S1elbournee Meat-Preserving Com- - pany's not profets for the half-year were £0000, whinh k was carried forward, and S0 per cent. declared from former balance.-Teolegrams to Sydney daily papers. 