THE AURORA AUSTRALIS. To the Editor of the Evening News. Sir,— This phenomenon was again seen here last night. When my attention was first drawn to it, namely, at 8.28 p.m., it appeared as a tolerably well defined patch of red light, about two or three degress in breadth, extending upwards about 12° from a point on the horizon, about 10° W. of S. Several whitish streamers were also visible, whose coruscations were very beautiful. Almost all traces of the phenomenon had disappeared by 8.38 p.m. Professor Neumayer, in his report on the Aurora Australia of August, 1859, (see Herald of September 6th, 1659), remarks that Aurora are usually accompanied by strong winds from the north. It will therefore be interesting to note that on the present occasion, the phenomenon was preceded for about twelve hours by winds from the same quarter. JOHN TEBBUTT, Junior. Windsor, March 23rd, 1870. It is proposed to present the wife of the Mayor of Geelong with a silver cradle, that lady having pre- sented her lord with two pledges of affection during his mayoralty. Mat. Higgins v. A. E. Bird.— These two men have been matched to run three distances, viz., half a mile, one mile, and ten miles, Bird giving the following odds : twenty yards in the half mile, 100 yards in the mile, and one mile in ten miles. The first race, the half mile, to be run four weeks from the first Saturday after Bird's present engagement terminates. The second race to be run on the same day at 4 p.m. The ten miles to be run the following Saturday at 4 p.m. In this race Biggins to run a mile by himself, and to be allowed eight minutes to do it in. The stakes to be £50 a-side in each match, but Higgins wishes to make the last match, the ten miles, for £100 a-side. It is not yet decided where the matches will be run. Quartz Chtstals.— There appears to be a chance of Mr. Butters realising something out of Townsend's big diamond. It appers by the Melbourne papers that an important communication has been received by the Rev. Dr. Bleasilale, of that city, from Mr. Harry Emmanuel, touching the value of quartz crystals. He writes that white or smoke colour crystals of quartz, when clear, and exceeding 6 ozs. in weight, are worth from 2s to 3s per lb., and if in pieces of a pound or upwards, 4s per lb. At these prices there would be a large market for them. Mr. Emmanuel adds that he his had some splendid pieces of diamond from the Mudgee. They are mostly octahedrons, white and fine. He is surprised that no larger pieces have as yet been found. An Enormous Kangaroo.— Mr. Thomas M'Donald, of Duramana, killed on Sunday last, on the road at the back of Mount Ranken about six miles from Bathurst, one of the largest kangaroos that has ever been seen in this district. According to the Bathurst Times, Mr. M'Donald was accompanied by two dogs, and shortly after being sighted, the 'old man' was brought to bay. There was no heavy timber in the immediate vicinity of the spot, so that the veteran of the forest was liable to obtain any back support in the shape of a large tree, and was placed rather at a disadvantage when attacked by his canine opponents. He defended himself with great obstinacy, however, and it was not until he had been brought to earth twelve times that he 'gave up the ghost.' During the attack, Mr. M'Donald stood close at hand with a loaded gun ready to despatch the kangaroo in the event of either of the dogs being seized ; but owing to the wideness with which they both fought, they did not sustain a single scratch. Upon being measured, the animal was found to be over seven feet in length, and it is estimated that it weighed upwards of 200 cwt. The tail alone, when cut off, measured four feet three inches in length, by twenty-four inches in circumference, at the thickest part, and its weight was 24 lbs. \--- o --- Woman. — The chief fountain of human happiness and contentment is centred in woman, 'Heaven's last and best gift to man ' in whose nature we behold all that breathes of brightness, purity, and affection. What do we not owe to woman's example and influence, to woman's sympathy and devotion ? Does she not cheer us in affliction, and soothe each passing sorrow with such comfort as she only can offer? Is she not our companion through life, equally constant in adversity and prosperity; the bright light that cheers and guides our footsteps through the dangers and temp- tations of the world ? She was created to be a help mate to man, and nobly has she fulfilled her mission ; tor without her, existence would be pain, our whole life one weary pilgrimage of despair and sorrow ! How ignorant are they of the chief attributes of woman, who look upon her only as a toy, and seek her society merely to pass an idle hour ; and how utterly despicable and unmanly is he, who can treat with cruelty and neglect her whom the law of nature and of God decree that he should love, honour, and protect; whose beauty is her shield, whose weakness is her only weapon. THE difference between the successful and the shift- less farmer is seen in nothing so much as economy of surface. On the profitable farm every square rod does something. If it can't produce corn it must yield grass. ' too rough for the scythe it must support a sheep. No useless surface, no idle hands. 